BDSM Library - Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Being a description of the defilement and humiliation of an innocent fourteen year-old virgin by her parents.  This story is intended as an example of the workings of an aberrant mind.  If you cannot tell the difference between fantasy and reality, read no further.
INNOCENCE BETRAYED - A THANATOS SOCIETY TALE  (Part One)

By Cerberus

Being a description of the defilement and humiliation of an innocent fourteen
year-old virgin by her parents.  This story is intended as an example of the
workings of an aberrant mind.  If you cannot tell the difference between fantasy
and reality, read no further. 

"...You can't blame the innocent, they are always guiltless. All you can do is
control them or eliminate them. Innocence is a kind of insanity. "

Graham Green, *The Quiet American*


	The centuries old Thanatos Society was founded to allow its wealthy members
to witness the unrelenting suffering and degradation of innocent young women. 
In addition to its slaves, the Society has its "Victims".  They are particularly
attractive women, ranging in age from thirteen to twenty-two, who are brought to
Thanatos Manor for the sole purpose of humiliation, domination, bondage and,
often, ghastly torture.  Many of them are runaways plucked from the hard streets
of he world's metropolises. Agents of the Society dupe others into attending the
Manor as guests.  Little do these unfortunates know that they are entering into
a hell from which death is the only escape.  Even that relief comes after
prolonged agony.
	
	Society members are willing to go to great lengths and expense to witness
the cruel betrayal of innocence.  To achieve this they arrange for a girl to be
raised from birth for the sole purpose of becoming fodder for the insatiable
beast that is the Thanatos Society.  This usually occurs by the time the virgin
is fourteen or fifteen years old.  The members of the Society refer to her as
"Ivy", short for "Innocent Victim".  Vast sums of money are paid to unscrupulous
sociopaths who are, or pretend to be, married and raise infants who have been
kidnapped or purchased from their natural parents.  These monsters are excellent
actors and ensure that "Ivy" is brought up under ideal conditions, usually in
the relative seclusion of the rural areas of the United States or Canada.  The
girl wants for nothing and thrives under the delusion that she is loved.  She,
in turn, loves her devoted parents and trusts them completely.  The members'
utmost thrill come when they witness Ivy's horror as she learns that "mummy" and
"daddy" were raising her only to be virgin flesh for the sacrificial altar of
the Thanatos Society.

	Once she reaches her thirteenth birthday, the Innocent Victim's "parents"
secretly provide a report of the girl's progress to a review committee of
Society members.  A similar report is submitted every six months and includes a
videotape so that the committee can keep track of the young beauty's physical
development.  Taking these videos raises no suspicion on the part of the
daughter. Since she is the apple of her parents' eyes, she suspects nothing
malevolent in their desire to film her as she performs in the usual dance
recital, swimming competition or cheer leading event in which many privileged
female adolescents participate. 

	It is important to the Society that the Innocent Victim remains chaste and
naive.  As a result, the report provided by the "parents" discusses the Ivy's
moral development in great detail.  She attends church regularly and goes to a
religious school where "family values" and good moral training is emphasized.
	
	During the summer, Ivy is sent to a "Christian" summer camp.  While the
young girl is enjoying this wholesome outdoor life, her parents visit Thanatos
Manor to revel in its depravities and to confer with other "parents" who are
raising their own Innocent Victims.  At any given time there are around twenty
young innocents being raised by Thanatos "parents".
	
	Once the review committee determines that the virtuous young woman is
"ripe", the wheels are set in motions for her betrayal.  Ivy goes to sleep one
night in the secure comfort of her familiar bed only to wake up from a drugged
sleep to find herself chained to a torture table in the bowels of the Manor.  To
make this young teenager's feeling of betrayal most profound, her "parents" lead
the first session of her sexual abuse and humiliation.  Imagine Ivy's confusion
when the love and concern she usually sees in her parents' eyes are replaced by
lustful contempt.  Consider this guileless child's dismay and embarrassment when
she sees her parents naked for the first time in her life.  Envision her
confusion and terror when the first erect penis she ever sees in that of her
"father" who intends to use it to brutally defile her.

	Let us consider the fate of a typical Innocent Victim.  The members of the
review committee evaluate the videotape provided by the parents of the fourteen
year-old girl identified in the Society's database as "Ivy #32".  After
reviewing the tape, they determine that she is ready to be "harvested".  The
video cassette reveals a raven-haired beauty with flawless magnolia-white skin. 
Just over five feet tall, with a willowy body exhibiting the soft curves of a
girl well on the way to becoming a woman. A hidden camera caught young Ivy in
the shower.  She has perfect teacup-sized breasts crowned with well-defined,
crinkly pink nipples.  The cold water of the shower had stimulated those nipples
that swelled to hard points almost one-half inch in length.  Despite her quickly
developing breasts, her pubic hair had not started to grow.  Members of the
committee were delighted to watch Ivy slowly soaping her naked cunt.  In
addition to a beautiful young body, Ivy has a very pretty face with clear blue
eyes, a fine straight nose and full red lips.  Ivy can be a poster girl for the
clean cut, well-scrubbed all-American teenager.
	
	Ivy is transported by the Society's private jet from her home in Kansas to
the Manor that is located in the wilds of the Scottish Highlands.  She remains
in a deep, drug-induced sleep as she is carried to a subterranean chamber and
placed naked on her back on a waist-high, narrow adjustable table.  The table is
then manipulated so that it supports the girl from the tops of her shoulders to
halfway along her firm, round bum.  Her head is allowed to hang over one end of
the table.   Her legs would dangle from the other end but for the fact that they
are spread wide by chains that are attached to rough iron manacles locked to her
ankles.  The other end of each chain is fastened to three-foot high posts rising
from the floor of the chamber.  Metal cuffs that are also chained to posts
similarly adorn Ivy's wrists.  Each post stands several feet from a corner of
the table so that young Ivy is held in a tight spread-eagle position.
	
	Still blissfully unconscious, it is now time for Ivy to wake up to the first
day of her hellish life.  Her "mother" wakes her. Not as she usually does by
sitting beside her sleeping daughter and gently stroking her face and whispering
that "It's time to get ready for school, dear."  No.  This time she arouses Ivy
by plunging a hypodermic needle filled with a strong stimulant into her thigh. 
The effect of the chemical is immediate and the young girl's eyes fly open.  Of
course she is utterly confused.  She tries to sit up but is constrained by the
chains.  All she can do is raise her head and look around her.  Instead of her
bright and sunny bedroom she is in a dank dungeon.  She is bathed in bright
light as two strange men point video cameras at her.  Ivy's heart begins to beat
like the wings of a trapped bird and she panics even more when she becomes fully
aware of her embarrassing bound position.
	
	"Mother!" she call.  "Where are you?  What's happening?  Where am I?!!"
	
	"I'm right here, Ivy," her mother gently replies as she steps out the
shadows.  The young prisoner is astonished to she that her mother is nude except
for a pair of knee-length black patent leather jackboots.  Ivy had seen her
mother naked on very rare occasions.  In fact, she remembers her mother's lady
friends teasing her about her extreme modesty.
	
	Mummy is holding her daughter's favorite stuffed animal, "Bentley", a pink
teddy bear that her father gave Ivy twelve years ago when she was only two. The
rather ordinary looking toy is around eighteen inches high and shaped in the
standard standing teddy bear pose.  The teenager stares in shocked silence as
her mother lays Bentley on her flat belly.
	
	"I brought you Bentley so that you won't feel lonesome in your new home,"
Mother sarcastically remarks.  She then reaches down and captures her daughter's
pink nipples between the thumb and forefinger of each hand.  She gently squeezes
then until they harden and grow to resemble the erasers found at the ends of
pencils.  Ivy's confusion and humiliation at her mother's manipulation of the
tips of her breasts in front of the two camera operators is multiplied
one-hundred fold when she hears her father's voice emanating from the shadows.
	
	"That's it, dear.  Prime the little bitch for me."
	
	As his astounded daughter looks towards the source of the remark, her father
steps into the light.
	
	"Daddy!  Please make them let me up!" Ivy implores.  She then is stunned
into silence when she realizes that like her mother, Daddy is naked but for
black boots.  The teen can barely comprehend what she is seeing as her father
slowly approaches her while stroking his engorged penis with his right hand. 
The captive teen cannot tear her eyes away from his large cock.  Until now, her
only experience with the male sex organ was what she had seen in art galleries
an on the little boys she had babysat.  She had never seen a fully erect penis
until now.  Father advances and stands beside his wife who continues to pinch
and rub her daughter's nipples.  Daddy continues to stroke his cock while Ivy
watches in stunned horror. 
	
	As she struggles against her bonds, her father's voice invades her confused
mind. 
	
	"You've never looked so beautiful, my dear," he says as he continues to
casually stroke his cock which he casually hold over his daughter's abdomen.
	
	Ivy cannot believe what she is seeing.  The kindly, gentle father who
protected and nurtured her all her life now stares coldly into her eyes.  Surely
this is some nightmare from which she will awaken.
	
	Soon clear drops of pre-seminal fluid drip from the tip of his dick to form
a warm, glistening puddle on Ivy's belly.  Mother smiles benignly and uses Ivy's
teddy bear to wipe up the liquid.
	
	Turning to his wife, Daddy says, "Let's get started."
	
	Without another word, Ivy's parents leave her side.  Left alone, the young
teenager's mind reels.  How can her parents have turned into such callous
monsters? Ivy sobs in despair.  How can she have gone from a privileged life of
comfort to one where she is bound naked in a medieval dungeon? Desperately, Ivy
tries to convince herself that this is only a nightmare and that she will soon
wake up.
	
	The young girl's frantic contemplation is interrupted by her mother's
return.  She is now standing between the widespread legs of her naked daughter. 
In her hand she is holding a silver speculum.  She kneels down and beckons one
of the videocamera operators to move in beside her.
	
	"Dear," she says to her daughter.  "You may be wondering what these men with
the video cameras are doing here.  Well, this little welcoming ceremony is being
preserved for the pleasure of members of the society that is responsible for you
being here.  One of the things we promised them is that when you were brought
here you would be a virgin.  In fact not only must you be a virgin, but your
maidenhead must be intact.  Remember how your Dad and I discouraged you from
activities like horse-back riding, and that we always made sure that you rode a
"girl's" bike?  That was because we wanted your maidenhead intact. Now we are
going to confirm that you have, indeed, arrived "undamaged".  If it is, we get a
one hundred thousand-dollar bonus.
	
	Mother observes the puzzled look on Ivy's face.  "Yes, my dear.  We raised
you for money.  As far as your father and I are concerned you are nothing more
than a farm animal.  While some farmers raise beef cattle to provide McDonald's
with meat for their hamburgers, we have raised you to be meat for the Thanatos
Society."  She smiled, "Welcome to the meat-grinder."
	
	Ivy's sobs of despair turned into a yelp of surprise as her mother uses an
ice-cold speculum to spread wide the pink lips of her daughter's hairless
vagina.  One of the camera operators moves in for a close-up that reveals her
hymen.
	
	"As we can see," her mother addresses the camera.  "Ivy's cunt is adorned
with a perfect maidenhead.  The tender pink tissue looks like the crinkled top
of a draw-string purse with just the tiniest opening."
	
	Mother removes the speculum and faces her shocked daughter.  "In a few
moments Daddy will remove that little obstruction with his fine, large cock."
	
	Suddenly Ivy's head is pulled back by her father who yanks her two long
black braids so that she is looking at the ceiling.  He stands so that the top
of her head rests against the front of his thighs.  He holds her head steady
with a hand over each of her ears and moves his hips to direct his drooling cock
onto the young teen's face.  Daddy rests his balls on the fourteen year-old's
forehead while the shaft of his cock rests on her nose.  Ivy inhales the
sweet/sour musky odor of her father's dick as more pre-seminal fluid seeps from
its tip onto her chin and neck.  He then steps back and lets his daughter's head
fall.  Daddy grasps her head once again and presses the tip of his
blood-engorged organ against her full lips.  Ivy tries to keep her mouth tightly
shut but her father pinches her nostrils closed so that she must open it to
breath.  As soon as she does, he slides four inches of his eight-inch cock
across her lips and down her throat.
	
	Ivy shudders with revulsion as the salty taste of her father's penis
assaults her tongue.  As the young teen gags and attempts to breathe around
daddy's dick, her mother pinches the young girl's labia and says, "If you bite
your father, I'll tear off your cunt lip."
	
	For five minutes the cameras of the Thanatos Society capture the image of
the fourteen year-old virgin's father methodically sliding his cock in and out
of her soft mouth.  Viewers can see Ivy's throat expanding as her father pushes
the full eight inches of his member all the way into her until his balls slap
her nose and eyes.  The young girl fights to breathe through her nose as her
mouth and throat are completely blocked by her father 's cock flesh.  Ivy's
attempts to squirm away are futile for the chains to which her manacled legs and
arms are attached allow no room for movement.  All the teenager has achieved
from her struggles is to chafe her ankles and wrists so that tiny drops of blood
ooze from her perfect white skin.
	
	While Father continues to rape his daughter's mouth, Mother gets the juices
of her spread-eagled naked daughter flowing by licking the confused teenager's
exposed vagina.  Despite her discomfort and humiliation, Ivy cannot but respond
to her mother's skillful cunnilingus.  Her virgin cunt begins to juice up and
soon there is as much liquid flowing from her snatch as there is leaking from
her mouth as her father's pre-seminal fluid mixes with her saliva to overflow
from the corners of her mouth.
	
	"Time to switch ends, dear." Ivy's father announces to his wife.  He
abruptly pulls his glistening cock from his daughter's warm mouth.  Ivy coughs
and spits and then takes a deep breath of air.  Daddy pushes her head up towards
her breast so that he can slide a narrow extension out of the table.  He then
releases her head, which fall back and is now supported by this extension. Ivy's
head no longer dangles over the end of the table.  Ivy gasps with pain as her
father ties her two braids together beneath the board supporting her head.  The
young teen cannot move her head.
	
	Mother and father once again stand together at the side of their bound and
sobbing daughter.

	Mummy smiles down at Ivy and says.  "It's now time for your father to pop
your cherry, Ivy.  It's an occasion like this when I truly suffer from penis
envy.  I wish I were able to fuck you," she shrugged.  "Instead, I'll gain
solace by letting you lick my cunt."
	
	Ivy's pleas of "Why are you doing this to me?" fall on deaf ears as both of
her parents disappear into the gloom only to reappear a few moments later. 
Mother wastes no time and straddles her fourteen year-old's head.  She is facing
Ivy's feet and maneuvers herself so that her vagina is placed squarely on Ivy's
mouth.
	
	Bending slightly forward, Mother pinches each of Ivy's nipples.  "Start
licking my cunt or I'll twist you sweet nipples off," she orders.
	
	The distraught teen has no choice but to obey.  She slowly inserts the pink
tip of her tongue into her mother's salty snatch and begins to lick its soft
flesh.
	
	Ivy can see only her mother's butt.  She cannot see that Daddy is now
standing between her chained legs.  However, she does feel the pressure of his
left hand on her narrow right hip and knows that her virginity will soon be torn
away.
	
	One of the camera operators moves to stand at Ivy's head so that the
expression in her eyes can be recorded during her defilement.
	
	Mother continues to force her wet cunt onto her daughter's mouth while daddy
guides the head of his cock so that it just touches the lips of Ivy's vagina. 
Ivy moans and trembles for she can feel the tip of her Daddy's cock resting in
the opening of her cunt.  At a signal from her husband, Ivy's mother raises
herself from her daughter's face so that the camera can capture the expression
of Ivy's face.  Anchoring himself by grasping her hips with both hands, he pulls
hard towards himself and thrusts his hips forward to jam his engorged cock deep
into the tight channel of his virgin daughter's cunt, tearing away her hymen and
her illusion of being loved.  The videocam operator makes sure that he records
the young victim's expression of shock, humiliation, pain and betrayal.
	
	Ivy's howl of pain is muffled when her mother resumes her seat on her
daughter's face.  Daddy withdraws his cock so that only its head remains her
body.  The glistening shaft is now streaked with Ivy's blood. He slowly pushes
his prick back into her and begins to repeat a slow, deep pistoning motion -- in
and out, in and out. Blood and cunt juice drip from Ivy onto the floor.  For
fifteen minutes Daddy ravages his petite raven-haired daughter while Mummy rides
her face.
	
	"I'm ready to cum now," Daddy announces and withdraws his cock from Ivy's
tight cunt with a plopping sound.
	
	Mother dismounts her daughter and Father appears by her side.  Mommy holds
Ivy's head steady with he clutches his cock only inches from the stunned
teenager's face.  He looks deeply into Ivy's eyes as he masturbates.  In a few
moments a great gout of pearly cum spurts from his prick and land with a splat
on Ivy's cheek.  She opens her mouth in surprise and Daddy launches a second gob
of sperm into it.
	
	"A direct hit!" her mother laughs.  "Aren't you glad we didn't screw for the
past month.  You should have enough sperm to bathe Ivy's entire face."
	
	Sure enough Daddy continues cumming on his bound daughter.  Spasm after
spasm of his cock lashes Ivy's face with hot, sticky sperm.  Her hair, forehead
and both eyes are spattered.  Gobs of cum land on her cheeks and slide down to
pool near her ears.
	
	It seems like hours to Ivy but in only a few seconds, her father's cock
stops spitting.  Her mother continues to hold her head steady by her ears as one
of the cameras comes in for a close-up of her face.  Her alabaster skin is
almost completely covered by Daddy's pearly cock-slime.  She blinks furiously in
an attempt to clear the stinging sperm from her blue eyes.  Ropy scum oozes out
the corners of her mouth as Ivy pushes her father's "direct hit" over her lips
with her tongue.
	
	"Time for a break," Ivy's mother cheerfully announces.  Looking lovingly at
her daughter she says. "You must be starved.  Let's give you a snack.  But first
we must see to the welfare and comfort of the camera operators.  I can't help
but notice how aroused they have become by our little performance.  It's only
fair that we allow them to let off a little steam before you eat."
	
	Ivy's father takes the videocamera from one of the men and records them as
they open their flies and take out their penises.  While Ivy's mother continues
to hold her steady, each man stands on either side of the teenager's head.  They
point their erections at Ivy and begin to masturbate.
	
	"Shall we bet on who comes first?" asks her mother as both men furiously
jerk on their rods.
	
	"OK" replies her father.  "I believe by the amount of pre-cum leaking from
our Afro-American friend on Ivy's right, that he will go off first."
	
	Just as Father ends his statement, the black camera operator groans and
fires a huge wad of sperm onto Ivy's lips.  Perhaps inspired by his colleague,
the other man immediately begins to ejaculate too, spurting ribbons of cum over
the ones already deposited on the captive teen by her father and the black
camera operator.
	
	When they finish they zip up and resume their duties.  Sobbing Ivy's face is
now covered with the malodorous deposits of three men.  There is no spot on her
face that is not thickly coated.  Every time the fourteen year-old breathes out
through her nose, she blows small bubbles of sperm over her lips.
	
	Mummy and Daddy stand on either side of Ivy.  Each is holding a sterling
silver teaspoon.
	
	"Now for that snack I promised you," says her mother.
	
	Ivy's parents use their spoons to gather up the sperm from their daughter's
face.
	
	"Open wide," Daddy smirks.  Ivy hesitates so each parent grabs a nipple and
squeezes hard.  More tears well from Ivy's eyes as excruciating pain fires
through her small, tender breasts.  She has no choice but to open her mouth. 
Mummy holds her cum-filled spoon inches from Ivy's lips and tips it to let the
slime slowly slide onto the Innocent Victim's pink tongue.  Ivy resists the
impulse to gag as Daddy empties his spoon into her mouth. Mummy and Daddy
alternately scrape the scum from their daughter's face and empty their spoons
into her mouth.  She cannot bring herself to swallow the disgusting mess and
soon her mouth is full.  The cameras capture an image of a beautiful teenager
forced to hold her mouth open.  The pointed tip of her tongue stands out like a
tiny island in a small milky lake of jism.
	
	"You'd better swallow," orders Mother.  "And if you spill a drop, I'll tear
your nipple off!"
	
	"And if you vomit, we'll make you lick it up," adds Daddy.
	
	Ivy has no choice.  Closing her eyes and her lips she swallow half of the
slime in her mouth.  Her stomach heaves and she coughs, fighting the urge to
throw up even as she swallows the rest of the ropy cum.  Her coughing has caused
some of the sperm in her mouth to shoot out her nose and onto her lips and chin. 
Mother uses her spoon to gather up this slime and once again, trickles it into
Ivy's mouth.  After a few more swallows the young captive has consumed all of
the sperm and lies gasping in her tight chains.
	
	"Well that was fun, dear," mocks Ivy's mum.  "But your father and I are
tired and I imagine you are too.  So we'll leave you comfortably where you are
for a few hours before we introduce you to some of our friends.  I know how much
you like to have Bentley with you when you nap so we will let you hold him now. 
Unfortunately, you are in no position to cuddle him like you used to but Daddy
and I have figured out a way that you can hold onto him without having to use
your arms."
	
	Having said this, Ivy's mother bends down and retrieves the teddy bear from
the floor where it fell during the rape of the young teen.  Ivy watches closely
as Mother takes her toy to her father who has just wheeled in a small cart with
several tools and other items on it.
	
	"Although you have slept with Bentley every night for the past twelve years,
you never discovered one of his special features," her father declares. 
"Watch."
	
	Ivy looks as her father takes a small utility knife and makes an incision in
the front of the teddy bear between its legs.  After putting down the knife, he
uses both thumbs to separate the cloth covering and stuffing.  He reveals a
stainless steel nut sewn into the base of the stuffed animal.  Daddy turns his
back on Ivy and reaches onto the table for something she cannot immediately see. 
He turns around and proudly shows it to his captive a large pink dildo with a
threaded shaft coming out of its base.  He proceeds to screw the dildo onto the
anchor nut sewn into the pink teddy bear.  When he is finished Bentley has a
foot long hard-on.
	
	"That cock may look familiar to you," Ivy's mother explains to her daughter. 
"In fact it's made from a plaster cast of your father's rod.  Craftsmen here at
the Manor used the cast to create a dildo that is half again as long and almost
twice as wide around as your father's dick.  They have also added some features
that we find amusing although you probably won't."
	
	Ivy's father holds the toy inches from her tear streaked face and remarks:
	
	"I remember how you used to clutch Bentley so tightly when you were sleeping
that we could carry you out of your bed and you would not drop him.  Since you
cannot hold him with your arms, we added a special feature to his dick.  Watch."
	
	As his trembling, naked daughter watches, her father presses a small button
located near the base of the dildo.  With an audible "click" four small
stainless steel studs spring out of the shaft just below the cock's head.  Each
stud was at right angles to its neighbor and stands out from the surface of the
shaft by more than half an inch.  They will serve very well as anchors.  Ivy's
heart lurches when she sees that her beloved teddy bear has been turned into an
instrument of torture.  She shrieks when she realizes how much pain there is in
store for her.
	
	Daddy gives the obscene toy to his wife who is already standing between her
daughter's legs.  She pushes the studs back into their holes until they lock in
place.  She reaches to the wheeled table and lifts a paintbrush out of a small
bowl.  The brush is covered with a red, greasy substance.  As she begins to
slather this grease over the pink dildo, she explains to her daughter that she
is covering her teddy's penis with a special mixture of K-Y Jelly and a
specially formulated itching powder.  Once the rod is gleaming with this itching
lubricant, Ivy's mother returns the brush to the bowl.  She holds the teddy bear
held in front of her so that the tip of the dildo just rests against her
daughter's labia.  Ever so slowly she pushes the huge dildo into Ivy's ravaged
cunt.  The large plastic cock stretches the walls of her narrow love channel. 
Her tender flesh begins to itch as soon as the dildo slides over it.  Ivy shakes
and moans as her mother continues to push the rod into her.  She stops only when
the end of the dildo bumps against Ivy's cervix.  Mummy ensures that the huge
rod will stay put by pressing the trigger on it's base.  Ivy screams and
convulses as the stainless steel studs dig into her tender cunt flesh.
	
	Mummy lets go of Bentley and steps away.  Viewers at the Manor are treated
to the bizarre sight of a beautiful young teenager spread wide-open on her back. 
A cute pink teddy bear appears to be raping this unfortunate captive with a
thick greasy shaft that extends four inches out of the tortured teen's cunt. 
Taut chains hold her arms and legs in place.  She trembles and moans as the
diabolical itching cream alternately tickles and burns every inch of her cunt
lining.
	
	"We'll leave you now, dear," her mother tenderly says.  "But before we go I
just noticed that your face is still covered with a thin coating of cum.  I
guess our spoons couldn't clean you completely.  I'll just hold one of the
cameras while Daddy and these two other gentlemen wash your face.
	
	The three men approach Ivy who is trying will little success to squirm on
the table in a futile attempt to ease the itching in her vagina.  Her father
stands about two feet from her head and is flanked by the two other men.  Daddy
unties her braids and pushes the small platform supporting Ivy head back into
the body of the table.  Her head falls back.  She is too weak to lift it.  She
stares at the three men.  Each man smiles malevolently and grasps his now
flaccid penis.  They point their organs at the naked fourteen year-old and begin
to piss on her.  The acrid yellow streams hit her directly on the face.  She
opens her mouth to scream and gags as her father directs his golden shower into
it.  The two camera operators move toward her so they can spray her breasts and
belly with the bitter, hot liquid.  It seems like forever to Ivy, but they
finally stop.  Her face and hair are saturated with piss.  Her small, perfect
breasts are slick with urine and a small puddle of piss has pooled in her
belly-button.
	
	"That's much better.  We really must toddle off now, dear," says her mother. 
"We'll leave you to 'rest'."
	
	As she is speaking, the camera operators set their cameras on tripods.
	
	"We'll continue to film you while you rest," adds Mother.  "We want to
capture your reaction as the itching in your cunny increases.  Moreover, with
that lovely coating of piss on you you've become a cockroach magnet.  I know
there are no bugs in here now, but we're now going to rectify that situation."

	So saying, Mother places a wooden box on the floor beneath Ivy's head.  Ivy
can hear a muffled hissing sound emanating from inside the container.

	"Inside this box are over one thousand Madagascar hissing cockroaches," she
declares.  "  The lid of the box is opened by a spring loaded timer.  A few
minutes after we leave, the lid will fly open and the insects will be released. 
I hope you enjoy their company.  Ta-ta for now."

	The grown-ups leave and Ivy is alone.  The excruciating itching in her
vagina is getting worse by the minute.  Suddenly there is a loud snapping sound
and the lid of the box pops open.  The cameras capture the sight of two-inch
long shit-brown cockroaches swarming out of the container and onto the floor. 
Attracted by the smell of piss emanating from the bound teen, they quickly climb
up the legs of the torture table and begin crawling onto the bound victim.  The
sight of the bugs disgusts Ivy.  They are obscenely large, noisy things.  Dozens
of them swarm over her piss-soaked breasts and belly and dozens more try to gain
purchase on her face and in her hair.  Ivy can only shake her head furiously to
dislodge the bugs on her face.  She can do nothing about those on her body. 
Soon her torso is completely covered by the huge insects.  Their tiny feet
tickle her flesh and the sound of their loud cat-like hissing is maddening.

	Ivy has been driven half-mad by the brutal betrayal by her parents.  Her
ravaged body aches and itches from the rape of her mouth and cunt.  Her
humiliation is without bounds as she imagines how she must appear.  A naked
teenager chained spread-eagle in a dungeon while her beloved teddy beat "fucks"
her with a huge model of her own father's cock.  Meanwhile thousands of
disgusting giant cockroaches crawl over her alabaster, piss-soaked skin.

	Ivy raises her head in attempt to dislodge some bugs that were trying to
crawl into her nostrils.  She sobs with despair when she notices for the first
time a sign painted on the ceiling directly above her.  It says "Welcome to
Thanatos Manor Ivy, it doesn't get any better."

	For three agonizing hours the fourteen year old prisoner suffers as never
before.  The torn, bruised flesh of her cunt feels like it was on fire.  Try as
she might, using muscles she never knew she had, Ivy tries unsuccessfully to
expel the large dildo anchored in her girl-flesh by those wicked steel studs. 
Her chained arms and legs are racked with painful muscle cramps.  Ruby red drops
of blood drip from the chaffed flesh of her wrists and ankles to form small
puddles on the stone floor of the dungeon.  The roaches continue to torment her. 
Just as she is about to lose her mind, nozzles hidden in the ceiling of the cell
spray the room briefly with a deadly insecticide.  Ivy gags and coughs as he
inhales the fumes.  The insects die quickly.  Hundreds of insect carcasses rest
on the teenager's body.  After a few minutes the air is free of bug spray and
her parents enter the room.

	Mother and Father are fully clothed and are leading on leashes, two naked
teenage girls not much older than Ivy.  They are identical twins.  Both are
gorgeous blondes, tall and slim with silver manacles around wrists and ankles. 
Small silver rings have been inserted through the pink upturned nipples of their
small, firm breasts.  One of the girls has a ring inserted through the left lip
of her hairless cunt while her twin sister has one through the right lip of
hers.  The leashes that Ivy's parents hold are attached to these cunt rings.

	"Ivy dear," says Mother as she introduces the naked twin beauties.  "I'd
like you to meet Lara and Oksana.  These two little trollops were brought to the
Manor from Russia a year ago.  At the time they, like you, were Innocent Victims
of the Thanatos Society.  After their initiation a member of the Society
purchased them at auction and they now live with him on his estate in South
America.  They are here today because their Master is visiting the Manor to buy
additional slaves.  He has graciously lent them to your father and I so you can
have some idea of how you will be expected to behave from now on.  You will be
happy to learn that the first thing they will do is help us get you off that
table.  Both of these sluts have been trained as body slaves and will clean you
up before they release you.

	Turning to the twins Ivy's mother orders, "Begin, whores, and make sure that
Ivy is nice and clean."  She and her husband then disconnect the leashes from
the girls' cunt rings.

	The two blonde beauties immediately walk over to Ivy so that they stand on
either side of her.  They bend over and begin licking the dead cockroaches from
Ivy's belly and breasts.

	"Make sure you swallow all of the bugs, sluts," Ivy's father orders.

	Lara and Oksana use their tongues to flick the dead insects into their
mouths as easily as teenagers in more normal circumstances would eat popcorn at
the movies.

	Despite her extreme discomfort, Ivy stares with shocked astonishment as the
two Russian teens crunch down on their mouthfuls of dead bugs and then swallow
them, only to return to their six-legged feast.

	Soon Ivy's body is insect-free and the two slaves then proceed to wash every
inch of it with their tongues.  As they lick off the last traces of cum and piss
from the fourteen year-old, Ivy's father stands between his daughter's legs and
removes Bentley and the pink dildo from her cunt.  Her relief is overwhelming. 
Her mother then washes out her vagina with a douche of pleasantly scented soapy
water while Daddy unfastens the chains from her wrist and ankle manacles.  She
cries with relief as the itching in her cunt finally stops although her love
channel is one large bruise.

	The twin slaves have completed tongue-bathing Ivy and they help her from the
table.  She is too weak to stand by herself so they support her.  The twin
Russian beauties are very strong and hold her easily.  Ivy trembles with fatigue
and shock as a small rivulet of blood trickles from her hairless cunt and
meanders slowly down her inside of her left thigh.
	
	Mother stands before her, puts her hand under her chin and raises her face
so that she can gaze into her defiled daughter's eyes.
	
	"It's time for you to learn some fundamental truths," she says.  "First of
all, let me assure you that this is not a bad dream.  You will not wake up to
find yourself in your warm bed.  No fucking way, dear Ivy.  You see, we get paid
by the Thanatos Society to raise little girls like you.  Once you're ripe, we
hand you over to it.  You've always been owned by the Society.  You just never
knew it. You're not alone.  There are more than a hundred 'parents' like us
located around the world so there are usually five or six 'innocent victims' fed
into the Society each year.  You are just one of them."
	
	Ivy listens in shocked silence as her mother continues.
	
	"We're done with you, and not a moment too soon.  In a month we are going to
pick up a beautiful little girl who will replace you in our new home in Europe. 
We'll raise her like we raised you and in fourteen or fifteen years we will
bring her here where she will suffer a fate similar to yours.  This sort of
thing has been going on for centuries.
	
	"You have no idea how relieved your father and I are not to have to pretend
with you anymore.  It's not easy raising an innocent in today's modern society.
	
	"Now that we are finished with you, let me explain what will happen to you
now.
	
	"We are in the lower level of the Manor of the Thanatos Society.  In a few
minutes you will be chained to a ring on the floor of the lobby of the Manor.
You will remain nude.  A large television set will be set up adjacent to you so
that members can watch an edited tape of your initiation.  By the way, you may
be interested in watching it yourself, dear.  After all, it isn't every young
woman who is lucky enough to see a film of her father as he violates her mouth
and takes her virginity.  Nor does she often get to watch herself eating sperm
and then getting a piss bath.
	
	"You will remain there for several hours while members of the Society bid
for you in a silent auction.  Bidders will write their bid on a large sheet of
paper fastened to one of the pillars so you can see what they think you're
worth.  You might be proud to know that the bidding will start at $150,000.
	
	"Members of the Society who are interested in buying you can inspect you if
they wish but they can only 'feel the merchandise'.  That means they may fondle
you but are not allowed to fuck you.  They can however test you mouth with their
cocks.  After all, anyone willing to spend so much money for you should at least
be assured that your mouth is a warm and pleasant receptacle for his sex organ. 
There are about eighty members staying at the Manor today.  I would imagine
every one of them would have you suck his dick.  I would advise you to swallow
every drop of their sperm.  By the way, if you resist or, God forbid, bite any
of the Members you will immediately become the star of a "snuff" film."
	
	Observing the puzzled look on her defeated daughter's face, Mother explains. 
"A snuff film is one in which the star  - in this case you - is raped,
humiliated and slowly tortured until she dies.  Producing snuff films is one of
the specialties of the Thanatos Society and is a major source of its income.  In
fact you are probably worth more to the Society in a snuff film than as a slave. 
So watch your behavior.
	
	"Now aside from the cock-sucking and the odd finger in your cunt or up your
arse, the next twenty-four hours will probably be the best rest you are to get
in a very long time."
	
	  Once you are sold, your new owner can do anything he or she wants with
you.  He can keep you as a slave, have you tortured to death or torture you
himself.  The only thing he cannot do is let you go free.  If you're lucky
you'll end up like Oksana and Lara here, and believe me, these two are very
lucky.  Of the seven other girls initiated into the Society last year, two were
tortured to death by their new owners one week after they were bought, four were
dead within six months and the seventh one is still alive but wishes she
weren't.  I can't remember the exact details.  Daddy, do you remember exactly
what happened to her?  I think her name was Cindy."
	
	"Cindy, Cindy...let me think," Ivy's father ponders.  "Oh yes.  I remember
now.  She was that little red-headed vixen that was brought here last summer
when Ivy was at camp and were here at the Manor.  Oh yes indeedy.  Cindy was a
cute little thing, barely five feet tall.  She couldn't have been more than
thirteen years old.  Nice little tits though, with a cute ass and, just like you
Ivy, no cunt hair at all.  Well anyhow, after she was fucked over by her parents
a Kentucky horse breeder bought her.  He was generous enough to let all seventy
guests staying at the Manor at the time have a go at her before he took her back
to the States.  That was one hell of a party.  I seem to recall that this little
girl, who had been a virgin the day before was at one point servicing five men
simultaneously."
	
	"Oh yes, dear.  I remember," chimes in Ivy's mother.  "Cindy was laying back
against the belly and chest of one man who had his dick up her ass while another
man was fucking her cunt "missionary" style.  A third and fourth man were
forcing her to give them hand jobs by pulling on the fishing lines that were
attached by slide knots to each of her nipples.  If she stopped stroking their
cocks they simply pulled and the line would tighten around her nip.  If I'm not
mistaken dear, you were the fifth man.  You had your cock buried all the way
down her throat."
	
	"I was indeed," replies Daddy.  "Do you remember what Cindy looked like when
all seventy of us were finished with her?  She was just a mass of cum and blood
and bruises.  Her ass, tits and cunny were bleeding," he reminisced fondly.
	
	"Her cunt was bleeding a lot more than yours is now," he says to Ivy as he
reaches out to dip his finger in the rivulet of blood drooling from her cunt. 
He smiles at her and places his finger into the mouth of Oksana who dutifully
licks off his daughter's blood.
	
	"Anyhow, as I was saying," he continued.  "Little Cindy was a mess.  She
lips were swollen and she had a black eye.  She could hardly walk.
	
	"The next day she was shipped off to her Master's stud farm.  I understand
that every day she must either fuck or suck off one or two of his stallions. 
You see, it was an experiment.  Her owner thought that if Cindy got the horses
off regularly, they would be easier to handle. As it turned out, she cannot be
kept near the stallions for the mere sight of her excites them.  So her owner
keeps her chained up in a stall with the mares. I guess his theory that
stallions would be more manageable if a girl fucked and sucked them regularly
has been disproved.
	
	"Needless to say, little Cindy's cunt is rather large and well worn after
taking on the horses for a year.  Now her owner and his three sons only bum-fuck
her.
	
	"As it happens," Father continues as he smiles at his suffering daughter. 
"Cindy's owner is in the Manor today.  You'll probably meet him and get to suck
his cock while you're chained up in the lobby.  He's looking for a new slave to
replace Cindy.  You see, he doesn't expect her to live much longer since she
became the subject of his latest experiment.  He wants to see how long Cindy can
live on a diet consisting exclusively of horse semen.  Maybe he'll buy you."
	
	Ivy almost swoons and is kept from collapsing by Oksana and her sister.
	
	"By the way, dear.  Do you have to go to the bathroom?" asks Mummy as if
nothing had happened.
	
	"Yes I do," Ivy whimpers as she recovers.
	
	"Well just hold on until you are chained to the pillars upstairs," Mother
responds.  "Lara and Oksana have both been trained as Toilet-Slaves.  If you
have to pee or dump a load, just let loose.  These two blondes will lick or eat
it up as necessary.  Watch their techniques carefully Ivy, you may have to do
the same someday."

	With that, Mother indicates to the two Russians that Ivy is to be taken
away. 

	As her stunned daughter is led out of the chamber, Mother says, "Well
goodbye Ivy.  It's been a slice.  Through the trials and tribulations of your
future, remember to keep this thought in mind: Your father and I never loved
you.  As far as we are concerned you are just meat.  We both wish you a short
and painful life."
	
	
	End of Part One.




INNOCENCE BETRAYED (Part 2)

By Cerberus

"Wild animals never kill for sport.  Man is the only one to whom the torture and
death of his fellow creature is amusing in itself."
		 				-- J.A. Froude

Ivy, still naked but for the steel manacles which roughly encircle her fragile
wrists and slim ankles, is escorted out of the dungeon and into a small
elevator.  Oksana presses the button for the basement and in a moment the three
beautiful teenagers step out into a tiny foyer.  Waiting to greet them is a
tall, woman dressed entirely in a tight black leather body stocking.  She
carries a riding crop in one hand.

"Stand to attention!" she orders as she theatrically slaps the crop against the
side of her shining black jack-boot.

The nude Russian twins immediately obey while Ivy stands trembling in shocked
confusion between them.

Addressing Ivy, the woman says, "You will have to learn how to stand to
attention.  Look at Oksana and do as she does."

Ivy looks at the blonde beauty.  She is standing with her legs straight, feet
spread to shoulder width.  Her back is arched slightly so that her small, still
developing breasts stand out proudly.  Finally, her hands are held behind her
head with her fingers interlocked and her elbows parallel to the line of her
shoulders.

Ivy quickly stands to attention.  Tears slowly flow from her eyes and she tries
to suppress her sobs as the cruel looking woman inspects her.

     "I am Mistress Gloria," the strange woman says.  "It is my job to prepare
you for the auction."
    
     Gloria slowly walks around the trio of teenage captives.
    
     "Considering what you've just gone through, my dear Ivy.  You look in
remarkably good shape," she remarks.
    
     Indeed she is right.  The fourteen year-old's alabaster skin remains
unblemished .  Her willowy, slim-legged body, with its small but perfect breasts
and gorgeous, tight behind give little evidence of the horror and humiliation
she has been through.
    
     However, Mistress Gloria knows that, despite her appearance of well-being,
Ivy is in agony. Her muscles ache from her prolonged bondage in the dungeon. 
Her jaws and throat hurt from the assault of her father's cock.
    
     Worse than the physical pain is the dawning realization taking root in the
exhausted young beauty's mind that this is no nightmare from which she will soon
awaken.  Her confused despair grows by the minute.  Her mother's parting words
echo mockingly in her ears:
    
     "Your father and I never loved you.  As far as we are concerned you are
just meat.  We both wish you a short and pain filled life."
    
     The older woman stands in front of her and gently touches her riding crop
to the raven-haired girl's tender cunt lips.
    
     Ivy gasps in pain and her thoughts return to the present.
    
     "Yes," Gloria smiles.  "I imagine your vagina is very sore.  I can see that
your labia is red and chafed.  In fact, the whole interior of your cunt must be
one large, abraded bruise.  Little wonder, considering your three-hour ordeal
with a spiked dildo twice the size of your father's cock locked tightly into
your cunt."
    
     The cruel mistress grins pleasantly as a thin rivulet of blood slowly leaks
over her crop and down the inside of Ivy's left thigh.  She withdraws it and
brings its bloody tip to Ivy's face.  Slowly she rubs the blood over the
teenager's lips.
    
     Ivy moans as she tastes the salt of her own blood
    
      Mistress Gloria commands the three teens to follow her.
    
     They walk into a small room.  There is a videocamera mounted in one wall
and a small table in the center.   At the table is a single heavy wooden chair.
    
     Gloria tells Ivy to sit down. As the young captive walks closer to the
chair she notices that the seat of the chair is covered with hundreds of dull
metal studs.
    
     Reluctantly Ivy sits down.  The chair has long legs and the teenager's feet
do not touch the floor.
    
     "Make her comfortable," the woman orders the two Russian slaves.
    
     Immediately Lara and Oksana use thin rough hemp rope to tie Ivy's knee to
the base of the chair's arm rests.  This leaves Ivy sitting with all her weight
on the studded seat.  Her legs are spread wide, exposing her crotch.  Moreover,
she cannot lessen the pressure on her bum by pressing her arms down on the
armrests for they are covered with sharp needles.
    
     Ignoring her obvious discomfort, Mistress Gloria pushes Ivy's chair closer
to the table and says to her, "You must be famished.  I'm going to let you have
a proper breakfast.  I know that it is already the afternoon but you really
haven't had a decent meal since you arrived here last night. 
    
     "I watched your parents feed you that sperm snack earlier this morning. 
While it was nourishing, I doubt it was filling.
    
     "Now your mother told us that your favorite breakfast is blueberry pancakes
and sausages and that is what we've prepared for you."
    
     While she was talking, Lara had left the small room only to return with a
tray containing a large, deep, plate on which rests a stack of fluffy pancakes
and three large pork sausages.  A large glass half-filled with milk rests beside
the platter. 
    
     Lara places the food in front of Ivy and lays a plastic knife and fork
beside the plate.
    
     Despite her discomfort, Ivy is starving and the food smells delicious.  
She immediately picks up the implements and begins to eat.
    
     While she eats, Mistress Gloria leans against a wall while Oksana and Lara
kneel on either side of her, awaiting instructions.
    
     The food tastes as good as it smells and Ivy continues to eat.  However as
she chews her pancake she is surprised by the bitter taste of the blueberries
and by the fact that they are crunchy.  Ivy swallows and looks more closely at
the remaining pancakes on her plate.  She almost heaves.  There are no
blueberries in them. Instead they have been liberally laced with large, blue
houseflies!
    
     Mistress Gloria laughs.  "Blueberries are out of season in this part of the
world, besides, bluebottles contain more protein.  Continue eating."
    
     The poor girl reluctantly resumes her meal. 
    
     After a few moments an obscenely fat man wearing a chef's outfit walks into
the room.  Another man holding a video camera follows him.
    
     Standing across the table from Ivy he smiles and says, "You must be Ivy." 
He leers at the naked teen.  "I see you enjoy my cooking."
    
     Ivy stops eating.  She blushes at the humiliation of being tied to the
chair in such an exposed manner.

     Chef licks his greasy lips and continues, "Your mother told me that you
like maple syrup on your pancakes and ketchup on your sausages.  Unfortunately,
we have neither to offer you.  Nonetheless I think we can make do with what
we've got."
    
     While he was talking, the fat pig-like cook walked around the table to
stand beside the bound teen.  He reaches down and picks up one of Ivy's
sausages. Holding it delicately between his fat thumb and forefinger he bends
down and rubs it against her bruised cunt lips.
    
     Ivy moans with shame as the warm, greasy meat scrapes against her raw
vagina.  In a few seconds, her blood glistens on the meat.
    
     The cameraman captures the chef as he removes the sausage from between
Ivy's legs and rests one bloody end against her lips.
    
     "Eat!" he ordered.
    
     Unwillingly, Ivy opens her mouth and bites off the end of the sausage.  Its
smoky flavor now enhanced by the brackish taste of her blood.
    
     The chef laughs loudly as he returns to stand opposite Ivy.
    
     "Now as I said, I have no maple syrup for your pancakes" he continues. 
"Maybe this will do instead."
    
     Ivy watches him unzip his fly and knows what he is about to do.
    
     "No. Please don't!" she pleads.
    
     The fat man ignores her as he pulls his grimy cock out of his pants and
points it at her plate of food.  He groans with pleasure as he unleashes a foul
stream of hot piss onto her pancakes and sausages.
    
     Ivy gasps and tries to lean back as far as possible on her chair as the
urine splatters onto her plate.  Some of the acrid liquid splashes onto her face
and breasts.
    
     Before he finishes peeing, Chef reaches over and picks up Ivy's glass of
milk.  He holds it under his cock and fills it to the brim before returning it
to the table.
    
     Finished urinating at last, the chef puts his dick back into his pants,
zips up his fly and says "Bon appetit" before leaving.
    
     Ivy stares mutely at her food.  The pancakes and sausages are soaked in
piss.  In fact they are sitting in a puddle of yellow urine.   To make matters
even worse, Ivy's chest is splattered with piss.  A small drop of the fat chef's
urine hangs momentarily from her left nipple before it drops onto her thigh.
    
     Her meal is ruined.  It smells awful.  Despite her almost empty stomach,
Ivy has lost her appetite.
    
     "Finish eating," orders Mistress Gloria.
    
     "I can't," Ivy sobs.
    
     "If you don't eat what's in front of you, Chef will return and force you to
eat a plate of his shit."
    
     With great reluctance, Ivy picks up her fork and cuts off a piece of
piss-soaked pancake. She puts it into her mouth and gags at its fetid taste, but
remembering Gloria's threat, she manages to swallow it.
    
     She picks up her glass of milk.  It is no longer cold, having been warmed
up by the cook's urine. She tries not to breathe through her nose as she
swallows the loathsome solution.
    
     It takes half an hour, but Ivy manages to clean her plate.
    
     She sits exhausted trying to suppress the dry heaves that assault her
stomach.
    
     Mistress Gloria orders Oksana to untie Ivy while Lara returns the empty
plate and glass to the kitchen.
     .
     "Now that you've eaten, let's prepare you to be sold," says Gloria. 
"Follow me."
    
     The leather-clad dominatrix leads the way as Oksana escorts Ivy down a
hallway into a large room.  The floor of this well lit chamber is made of
terazzo tiles.  There are drains installed in the floor.  A large, rectangular
stainless steel frame stands vertically over a drain located in the middle of
the floor.   The frame is eight feet wide and twelve feet high.  Inside each
corner is a small, powerful electric winch with silver colored chains wrapped
around each drum.  The end of each chain is fitted with a spring-loaded metal
ring, similar to the kind found a dog leash.
    
     Lara has returned from the kitchen and she and Oksana help Ivy to balance
on center of the lower bar of the frame.  As one Russian twin steadies her on
the bar, her sister unreels the chains on the lower winches and snaps the chains
onto Ivy's ankle cuffs. 
    
     A low humming noise makes Ivy look up at the upper winches that are
lowering their chains.  These machines are controlled by the remote control in
Mistress Gloria's hand.
    
     In a minute the upper chains are locked onto Ivy's wrist manacles.
     
     With the press of a button, all four winches begin to reel in their chains. 
Ivy's arms are pulled up at forty-five degree angles from her shoulders.  Soon
the teen captive's feet are lifted completely off of the lower rung of the
frame. She moans as the entire weight of her ninety-five pound body is supported
solely by her wrists.  The winches located at the bottom corners of the frame
pull Ivy's legs apart.  They continue to roll until poor Ivy is suspended in a
rigid spread-eagle position.
    
     By the time Mistress Gloria presses the button to stop the winches, her
prisoner is held in position so tightly that her body actually vibrates like an
overwound guitar string.  Her arms and legs feel as though an extra ounce of
tension will pull them from their sockets.  The only part of her body that Ivy
can move is her head which hangs down, looking with tear filled eyes at the tile
floor.
    
     Ivy has been positioned by the winches so that her head is level with that
of the tall Mistress.
    
      "Now we're going to wash you and get you ready for the auction," announces
the leather-clad dominatrix.
    
     "But first we must do something to stop the blood seeping from your cunt,"
she continues.   "I've got just the remedy for that."
    
     Indeed thin rivulets of scarlet blood continue to slowly ooze over Ivy's
cunt lips and wend their way down the inside of both her creamy, wide-spread
thighs.
    
     Gloria signals to Oksana, who goes over to a table near the wall and
returns with what looks like a white plastic vibrator and an adjustable
stainless steel rod.  Gloria takes the vibrator and holds it before Ivy.
    
     Ivy gazes at the dildo.  It is perfectly smooth and not nearly as big as
the dildo that she was forced to endure in the torture chamber earlier that day. 
Perhaps, she thinks grimly, this won't be too bad.
    
     "I don't know if you ever had the opportunity to watch your father shave. 
With the advent of modern razors men never rarely nick themselves any more
(more's the pity).  Anyhow, in the past, a man would stop the bleeding of a
razor cut with a Styptic Pencil.  It was quite effective and worked by
constricting the cut blood vessels.  The only problem was that it stung like
hell."
    
     Having said this, Gloria places the tip of the Styptic dildo into the
opening of Ivy's ravaged vagina and, with one smooth motion slides eight inches
of it up her cunt.
    
     At first Ivy only is aware of the pressure of having a foreign object
filling her vaginal channel.  For an instant it even feels soothingly cool. 
Then suddenly every inch of her cunt wall feels like it's on fire.
    
     "Eeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaahhhh!!!" shrieks the teenager.
    
     A white-hot poker inserted into her vagina would hurt less than this.
    
     "A five minute application should stop the bleeding," says Gloria, still
holding the dildo in her captive.
    
     "Lara, bring me the holder."
    
     The nude, beauty brings over the stainless steel cylinder.  It is
constructed like a floor microphone stand with one section telescoping into the
other.
    
     Lara fits one end of the cylinder into a bracket in the middle of the lower
bar of the frame from which Ivy is suspended.  She then lengthens the holder
until its other end can be fitted into the hollow end of the Styptic dildo. 
Once in place, Lara turns a collar midway up the shaft which locks the
extension. 
    
     Gloria can now let go of the dildo and step away from Ivy.  She inspects
the fourteen year-old who quivers in her chains with the large burning dildo
held firmly in her cunt by the metal rod.
    
     The ill-fated teen continues to wail and keen as the stinging chemical
seems to eat away the lining of her vagina.  The exquisite pain does not
diminish.
    
     The chains hold her so tightly that she can do nothing to dislodge the vile
invader.
    
     The Russian slaves return to stand before Ivy.  They don't appear to be
affected at all by the young teen's suffering.  Each girl holds a bucket of
soapy water in one hand.  Her other hand is covered with a rough, loofah glove. 
Lara walks behind Ivy while her sister comes close to her front.  They plunge
their hands in the bucket and begin to scrub the new captive. Ivy squirms as the
slaves wash her soiled skin.  Soon the sweat, dried piss and sperm from her
ordeal with her parents in the dungeon and the loathsome chef are gone.
    
     The girls even wash and condition Ivy's raven tresses.
    
     Taking two large towels, the Russian teens vigorously dry Ivy until her
skin glows a healthy pink.
    
     At last, Lara removes the styptic dildo from Ivy's cunt.  Painful though
effective, the horrible device did stop the slow ooze of blood.
    
     "Take her down," orders Mistress Gloria as she uses the remote control to
slacken the tension on the chains that hold Ivy in place.
    
     Oksana and Lara quickly disconnect the chains from her manacle and lead the
stunned teen to a well-lit corner of the room where a high chair is positioned
beside a wheeled table covered with various cosmetics.  They make her sit down
and clip her wrist manacles to rings in the arms of the chair.
    
     Gloria stands before the girl and says, "Now that you're clean, we're going
to make you beautiful for the auction.  You have an innocent beauty.  I think
that if we make up you're face so that you look like a whore, you'll fetch a
high price."
    
     Lara reclines Ivy's chair.  Ivy sits helplessly as the young teen slave
brushes her hair and begins to style it into a French braid.  Meanwhile, Oksana
begins to apply make up to the captive's face.  Ivy's skin is flawless and needs
no foundation make-up to cover blemishes.  First the teen slave outlines Ivy's
pouting lips with a dark red lip-liner.  She then fills in the outline with ruby
red lipstick.  Next, she carefully applies dark eyeliner and mascara to Ivy's
eyes and lashes.  Finally the young Russian concentrates her efforts on Ivy's
breasts.  Her small mounds are tipped with small but prominent nipples.  Using a
fine brush, Oksana carefully applies a red color to the tips of Ivy's breasts. 
When she finishes Ivy's nipples appear to glow brightly on her translucent white
flesh.
    
      After a few seconds Ivy's nipples begin to burn.
    
     "The make-up that Oksana applied to your nipples is mixed with hot pepper
paste and itching powder," explains Gloria.
    
     Ivy squirmed uncomfortably.  Her nipples feel like they are being rubbed
with very hot sandpaper.  They swell to their full size as they became engorged
with blood. Now that the tips of her nipples are fully erect - standing one
half-inch from her aureoles - Oksana bends over her and applies a second coat of
the hot and itchy make-up.  She works carefully, ensuring that every millimeter
of Ivy's breast tips is painted with the devilish cosmetic.
    
     Once she is finished, she holds a mirror before Ivy.  Ivy had never worn
make-up before in her life.  Despite her physical discomfort, she looked raptly
at her face.  She looked like a beautiful little girl made up as a high-class
prostitute - a virgin-whore.
    
     Lara had finished braiding Ivy's hair.  She now kneels before her and
grabbed her right leg.  She inserts a small silver key into an almost invisible
hole in the steel manacle encircling Ivy's ankle.  With a quiet click the cold,
metal cuff springs open.  With some relief, Ivy realizes that her manacles had
not been welded on after all but could be removed.  Lara quickly removes the
other shackle from Ivy's left ankle.  Meanwhile Oksana has unhooked Ivy's arms
from the chair.
    
     Both Russian beauties help Ivy down from the chair.  She stands naked
beside the chair while Lara goes to a shelf picks up something that Ivy cannot
recognize and then returns.
    
     "Before we bring you upstairs,"Gloria announces, "we're going to dress you
in a few accessories that will heighten the child-whore image that our members
find so appealing.
    
     Lara fits a lacy, red satin garter belt around Ivy's waist while Oksana
kneels down to lift Ivy's right foot and begins to slide a wispy white stocking
over her it.  She pulls the stocking up the length of Ivy's beautiful leg and
hooks it to the scarlet garter belt.  She then puts an identical stocking on
Ivy's left leg.  Finally the Russian slave replaces the metal manacles around
Ivy's ankles.
    
     Gloria tells Ivy to stand at attention.  The fourteen year-old remembers to
stand up straight with her fingers locked behind her neck, her legs spread at
shoulder width and her back slightly arched.
    
     The mistress inspects her captive.  Walking behind Ivy, Gloria is pleased
at the way the red garter belt and its suspenders frame the teen's perfect butt.
She continues her inspection by walking in front of Ivy.  She notes with
satisfaction that Ivy's lips, nipples and garter belt are the same shade of red.
    
     
Gloria is pleased with her handiwork.  "Two things before we go," she announces.
    
     Oksana hands her a red leather dog leash.  Gloria clips it to the steel
collar around Ivy's slender neck.
    
     Meanwhile Lara drapes a scarlet satin cape over Ivy's shoulders.  She
closes the front of the cape and holds it closed with two red silk ribbons.  Ivy
is completely enclosed within the floor-length garment.
    
     "All right, lets go upstairs and introduce you to the members of the
Thanatos Society.  If you're lucky you'll be purchased by one of the less
sadistic ones."
    
     She laughs and corrects herself.  "What am I saying.  Each of our members
tries to out do the other in cruelty.
    
     "Now listen carefully.  When we get upstairs you'll be taken into the main
lobby of the Manor.  There I will use a long chain to fasten your right ankle to
one of the stone pillars. I know your mother told you that you would be chained
between two pillars.  Well she was mistaken.  Our members like to see how you
move about and chaining you tightly would not allow that.
    
     "If a member asks you a question answer it.  Otherwise do not speak.  You
will do anything they ask of you.  Each member is to have free access to your
mouth, cunt and even your virgin ass-hole
    
     "The only restriction that we place on the members is that they do nothing
to you that would produce a visible scar.  Of course once you are sold, your new
owner can do whatever he or she wants to you.  Just last month we sold a twelve
year-old girl to one of our more imaginative members.  He paid over half a
million dollars for her.  Do you know want he did with her?"
    
     "N..no," Ivy whispered.
    
     Gloria continued, "Within an hour of taking possession of her he had a
stainless steel rod shove up her cunt until it came out her mouth.  He then used
the rod as a spit to slowly barbecue her.  Our chef is so skilled with the rod
that she was still alive when she was placed over the hot coals.
    
     "She was delicious.  But then you must know that.  Those sausages you had
for breakfast were the last of her.
    
     "I think I saw him at the Manor today.  I hope for your sake, he's not
feeling peckish," laughed the evil mistress. 
    
     Having said that, Gloria tugs at the dog leash and leads Ivy to her fate.
    
END OF PART TWO




INNOCENCE BETRAYED (Part 3)

By Cerberus


Ivy whimpers with pain as she struggles to follow Mistress Gloria. Gloria leads
Ivy by a red leather dog leash attached to the young girl's collar.  Her body is
completely concealed by a floor-length scarlet satin cape.

Ivy follows her Mistress up a narrow stone staircase.  She moans feebly for her
nipples burn and itch horribly.  The tender buds of flesh have been coated with
bright red rouge that has been mixed with a camphor gel and itching powder.  As
a result the luckless teen's nipples are constantly engorged with blood that
makes them as hard as pencil erasers.

Gloria stops on a small landing at the top of the steps that lead from the
dungeons.  A heavy wooden door stands closed in the wall.  The dominatrix turns
to Ivy.

"Stop your whimpering or I'll fill your mouth with a spiked ball-gag," she
orders.

"When we pass through this door we will be on the ground floor of the Manor.  I
don't want to hear a peep out of you once we go in.  Do you understand?"

"Y-yes," whispers Ivy.

"Good.  Now let's go," Gloria orders with a jerk of the dog leash.

Ivy's eyes widen with astonishment as she and Gloria step through the doorway. 
Thanatos Manor is a three hundred year-old Scottish country mansion.  She's in a
wide hallway.  Dark wood panelling protects the lower half of the walls and fine
silk brocade wallpaper covers the upper half.  Several narrow mahogany tables
stand along the walls and large padded chairs are placed here and there along
the corridor.  Small crystal chandeliers hang from the high ceiling, bathing the
passageway in soft yellow light.

As Gloria leads Ivy down the hall by her leash, the dominatrix points out some
of the art that adorns the walls.

"If you look at that picture you will see that you are in good company" declares
the dominatrix.

Ivy stops to look at a large, framed colour photograph that hangs on the wall. 
It is a professional quality picture of Shirley Church, taken when she was no
more than six years old.  The curly haired moppet is flashing her famous smile
at the camera while a large wad of creamy sperm trickles out of the right corner
of her mouth, drips down her chin onto her naked chest.  Her little fist grasps
a large black cock that points at her right cheek, a pearly ribbon of cum is
suspended between the tip of the cock and the tiny movie star's lips. 

"That picture was take moments after her co-star, Bill "Bojingles" Robertson
came in her mouth," Gloria explains.  "Shirley was not just a talented singer
and dancer.  She was also one of the best little cocksuckers in Hollywood.  She
normally would have swallowed the sperm but the photographer wanted to show it
dripping from her lips. They say she always took direction well."

With a tug of the leash Gloria leads her young captive down the hall and stops
at another picture.

"Here's another Hollywood legend when she was only twelve years old," the
dominatrix says.  "This is ElisabethTrawler being fucked up the ass by Mickey
Roundtree, her co-star in the film National Vellum.

Ivy stares at the large color photograph.  In it the child star is on her hands
and knees in the dirt of an outdoor paddock as Mickey rams his dick up her ass. 
The raven-haired beauty's alabaster skin is marred only by the red marks of a
riding crop that she now grasps between her teeth.  Her tormentor had
concentrated on her perfect behind and her budding breasts.  The actress's head
is turned so that she is staring directly at the camera.  Tears flow freely from
her gorgeous violet eyes.

"You can see why Mickey Roundtree managed to attract so many women.  Despite his
diminutive size, he has a huge cock," laughs Gloria.

The tall blonde and her captive continue down the corridor towards the front of
the Manor.

Presently they walk into the foyer of the Manor.  It is a very large area,
roughly oval in shape.  A large double door leads out of the building. Two
heavily armed guards flank the doorway.  The floor is a checkerboard of black
and white tiles.

A small group of people is standing in the foyer apparently waiting for Ivy's
arrival. 

All eyes follow the dominatrix as she leads her prisoner towards a brightly-lit
area quite close to the front door.  It is a space approximately fifteen feet by
fifteen feet near the curved outer wall.  Its marble surface is four inches
higher than the checkerboard floor of the foyer.  A large steel ring is imbedded
in the centre of this low platform.   A heavy silver eight-foot long chain is
fastened to the ring.  A large banner hangs from the ceiling. Black letters
spell out "Silent Auction: 14 Year-Old Sex-Slave".  On a pedestal rests a large
book of lined white paper. A Mont Blanc pen rests in the centre of the book.  It
is in this book that the members of the Thanatos Society will record what they
are willing to pay to own Ivy.

On the edge of the platform is a table not unlike the one that Ivy had been
bound to in the dungeon earlier today.  Beside the table is a small, wheeled
stand containing various instruments including a small electric cattle prod,
several dildos and a black leather case. Bottles of mysterious liquids also rest
on the table.

Seventy-two inch high-resolution television sets stand on either side of this
small stage.  Ivy blinks her tear-filled eyes to bring the image on the TV into
focus.  Her heart sinks.  It is an edited video of her initiation in the torture
chamber of the Society.  The large screens show the crystal clear image of her
father sinking his large cock into her virgin cunt.  This particular segment of
the tape is in slow motion so that Ivy can see the wet, gleaming shaft sliding
in and out of her vagina.  It glistens with a mixture of her virgin blood, her
cunt juice and his pre-seminal fluid.  Every time her father withdraws his tool
from her hole drops of blood and sex slime drip onto the stone floor.

Fastened to the walls at the back of the area are three poster-size colour
photographs of Ivy taken during her ordeal in the dungeon.  The first picture
shows Ivy's face screwed up in an expression of disgust as three yellow streams
of piss bathe it. The second picture was taken from above Ivy and reveals her
chained to the torture table while being "fucked" by Bentley, her beloved teddy
bear.  In fact the plush toy has a large dildo fastened to it.  This plastic
cock had been smeared with K-Y Jelly laced with itching powder and shoved by her
mother into Ivy's bruised vagina.  In this poster, Ivy's face is distorted with
pain.  The final, like the first, is a close-up of the fourteen year-old's face. 
This time it glistens with the sperm of three of her tormentors.  Her parents'
hands are shown pouring silver spoons of thick, white-yellow cum, which they had
scraped off of her face, into her mouth. The pink tip of Ivy's tongue sits like
a tiny island in the pond of slimy spunk.

Ivy is so humiliated and shocked by the images that she involuntarily stops
walking.  Gloria roughly jerks her leash. 

"Come on, you little cunt!!" she orders.

Ivy struggles to keep up.

Hurry up, bitch." Gloria hisses and painfully yanks the dog leash again.

A deep male voice echoes across the large room.

"What have we here?"

Apprehension flashes across Gloria's face as a distinguished looking man
approaches them.  He looks at Ivy and then at Gloria.

"Master Saunders, this is our latest fuckpuppet, Ivy." Says Gloria respectfully.

She rises shakily and follows Gloria onto the low podium.  Saunders follows
them.

"Oh wonderful!" her exclaims.  He looks more closely at the teenaged captive. 
"You've done wonders with her make-up.  I don't know whether to have her show me
her homework of give me a blow-job!" he laughs.

The three of them proceed to the low podium while Gloria explains to Ivy that
Master Saunders is the manager of Thanatos Manor and would be opening the
auction.

They mount the platform and the small crowd of people begins to grow.  Ivy is
ordered to stands straight as the dominatrix quickly locks the heavy floor chain
to the right manacle encircling the fourteen year-old's ankle.

The manager raises his voice to address the people standing in the foyer. 
"Gentlemen and ladies.  I would like to introduce you to the latest addition to
our stable of Innocent Victims.  She is a fourteen year-old beauty who until
earlier today was a virgin.  As you can see from the television images she no
longer is.  However she has yet to be fucked up her ass.  I give you Ivy"

Saunders nods to Gloria who, with a flourish, removes the scarlet cape from
Ivy's body.  The audience murmurs with delight as they look at the beautiful,
naked teen.  Her long, slim legs are enveloped by sheer white stockings that are
held up by the lacy suspenders of a bright scarlet garter belt.  Ivy's nipples
are the same colour as the belt.  Despite all she has gone through, Ivy's
alabaster skin remains flawless.  Only the chafed and enflamed lips of her
smooth, hairless cunt are evidence of the agony she has endured. 

Gloria turns Ivy around so that the members of the Society can admire her pert
bum framed sexily by the straps of the garter belt.

The manager continues.

"This will be a silent auction and will last several hours.  If you wish to bid
for this slave simply write your proposal into the book that sits on the
pedestal over there.  Oh, and don't forget to identify yourself."

Ivy's heart sinks as the Manager goes on. 

"As usual your bid will be discounted by fifty percent if, within the next
twelve months, you agree to let us produce a film of Ivy being tortured to
death.  Not only that, but as her owner, you will be entitled to twenty percent
of the profit we will make distributing that film.

"Bidding for this slut will begin at $100,000.00"

The manager draws the attention of the members to two very large leather-clad
men who position themselves at ease on either side of the television monitors.

"Otto and John will assist you with your inspection, if you wish.

"Please feel free to come up here to inspect this slave.  Just take a number
from the hook hanging on that pillar. Please do not spend more than fifteen
minutes as your fellow members will be waiting their turns."

"You might want to tell her what you intend to do with her should she become
your property.  Finally, I remind you that you do not own Ivy yet so please do
nothing to her that will result in permanent physical damage."

"I thank you for your attention and let the bidding begin."

As the manager was talking, Ivy could resist no longer and began rubbing her
burning nipples. He notices so before he leaves the inspection area he instructs
Gloria to bind Ivy's arms.  Gloria forces Ivy to place her arms behind her back
and grasp her left elbow with her right hand and her right elbow with her left
hand.  The dominatrix expertly laces a red leather sleeve around both of Ivy's
forearms.  When she was finished she sees with satisfaction that the teen's
bound arms force her to hold her shoulders back so that her small perfect
breasts are thrust forward proudly.

Ivy stands helplessly, tears running down her cheeks, as members of the Society
form a line to take numbers to inspect her.

It's cold in the large hall and gooseflesh ripples over the teen's nearly naked
body.  She still cannot fully comprehend her predicament.  Just a day ago she
was an innocent, all-American teen whose only worry was making it onto her high
school gymnastics team.  Now she stands, made up to look like a child-whore in
front of a crowd of cruel looking men and women.  How could her parents do this
to her?  Ivy thought that they loved her so very much.  Yet it was they who
brought her to this hellish place and began her on her journey to misery.  How
could her father brutally tear away her virginity with his huge cock?  How could
her mother participate so enthusiastically in her own daughter's degradation? 
What kind of monsters were they?

Ivy reverie of justifiable self-pity is interrupted by an approaching figure.
She is stunned to see that the person is none other than Norman Green.  A boy
who sang in the same church choir as she did back in Kansas.  Norman is only a
year older than Ivy and attends the same rural high school that she does, or at
least did before being brought to Thanatos Manor.  He is only an inch taller
than her five foot two body but is almost a hundred pounds heavier.  Norman
always appeared to be a stereotypical nerd -- shy and awkward.  She remembers
him sneaking surreptitious glances at her when they were singing and felt that
he found her attractive but was too bashful to approach her.  This was just fine
with Ivy for she found his short, corpulent body and acne scarred face quite
repulsive.  He always appeared to be sweating, even in the dead of prairie
winter. But kind-hearted Ivy did feel sorry for him for his apparent ineptitude. 
However her sympathy was tempered with some envy for she knew that Norman was
the only son of the enigmatic billionaire owner of a computer
software-manufacturing firm.  Now here he is.  First in line to inspect as if
she were a piece of livestock.

Norman hands his plastic number one to one of the leather-clad men and
instructed him to follow.  He and the giant quickly approach the helpless teen.

"Ivy," her smirks.  "It's such a pleasant surprise to see you here.  My dad sent
me here to buy a new slave.  You see I killed my first slave last month and need
a replacement.  I had no idea that you would be available.  What a happy
coincidence."

The boy reaches out and covers Ivy's left breast with his sweaty right hand. 
 
"Gosh Ivy, you sure look different from the last time we were together in church
two days ago.  You always looked so prim and innocent in your choir uniform. 
But I suspected that the knee socks, grey kilt and white blouse covered a
magnificent little body and damn it, I was right."

He leers at her while squeezing her burning nipple. 

He continues.  "Last Sunday you looked like an angel, today you look like a
whore.  What a difference a couple of days makes.

"By the way, I watched the video of your initiation and have a question for
you."

Ivy doesn't answer immediately so her choir mate tightens his hold on her
nipple.

"What is it?" Ivy whispers reluctantly.

Norman continues playing with her nipple with his right hand while gently
snapping the waistband of her garter belt with his left.

"OK.  Here's what I want to know.  When your parents forced you to eat the sperm
that your father and the two video operators sprayed on you this morning, did
you notice if the black man's sperm tasted different from your father's?

Ivy shudders with humiliation but responds.  "I couldn't tell the difference.  I
just know it all tasted terrible."

Norman smiles and says, "You might as well get used to the taste.  If I buy you,
you will not only eat my sperm as well as my father's, but you'll drink the
sperm of my dogs if I want you to."

"Please stop, Norman.  Leave me alone," Ivy pleads as she tries to back away.

He continues to grip her nipple and orders Otto to hold her.

The giant steps behind the retreating girl and grasps her firmly by her bound
forearms.

Norman continues.  "Alright Ivy, I'm running out of time and others are waiting. 
Let's see what you've got.  Spread your legs a bit.  That's good."

Norman steps closer to the captive.  He moves his right hand from her breast
while grasping the back of her head with his left.  Ivy can smell his foul body
odour and bad breath. He plants a kiss on Ivy's mouth.  As he insinuates his
tongue into her mouth he forces the entire length of the middle finger of his
right hand into her bruised cunt.

Ivy shudders and struggles but cannot break away from Otto's strong grip.

"Ivy, you've got a nice, hot, tight cunt.  That dildo your mother used on you
didn't widen it a bit. That's good." Norman whispered after breaking off his
obscene kiss.

He finger fucks her so violently that Ivy is forced to rise up on the tips of
her toes. 

After a moment he withdraws his finger so that it is only half way into her.  He
smiles maliciously and says, "Ivy.  You were always so radiant and lovely when
you sang in the choir.  Please favour me and the rest of the people here with a
hymn."

Ivy cannot believe her ears.  Here she is chained naked in front of dozens of
strangers and Norman wants her to sing a hymn!

"Come on Ivy," he continues.  "You've got such a lovely voice.  I'm sure we'd
all like to hear it.  Besides, you'd better sing while you can.  Some of the
Masters remove the vocal chords of their slaves and maybe one of then will bid
for you successfully.  They remove the vocal chords of their slaves, not the
tongues because a girl's tongue adds much to the pleasure of a blowjob.  So how
about it Ivy, sing Jesus Loves Me for us.

With a quavering voice Ivy begins.  "Jesus loves me this I know.  Eaaahhh."

Norman violently jams his finger into her cunt.  "Go on." He orders.

"For the Bible tells me so.....OWWW!" 

Pain courses through Ivy's crotch as Norman viciously pinches her already
bruised clitoris.

"Little ones to him belong.  They are weak but he is strong...Ow..Ow..Ow!!"

Ivy dances on her toes as her former schoolmate repeatedly forces his finger
deep into her intimate girl flesh.  The chain fastened to her ankle rattles
loudly on the floor.

He snarls at her.  "Little ones like you belong not to him but to the Thanatos
Society.  You are weak but we are very, very strong.  Now sing, bitch."

She sings with a clear, quivering voice.  "Yes Jesus loves me, yes Jesus loves
me.... OW!!, ...Yes Jesus loves me... OW!..The bible tells me so.

At last her song is over.  Many of the people in the foyer of the Manor laugh
mockingly and clap their hands.

"That was lovely and an inspiration to us all," says Norman as her gives her
clit a final pinch before removing his finger and holding it inches from Ivy's
eyes.  Imagine the poor girl's humiliation as she gazes at his fleshy digit
slick with her blood and secretions.  Norman moves his hand to his face and
slowly sniffs the glistening finger.

"MMmm...  your cunt juices smell wonderful." he exclaims.  "Now lick my finger
clean."

He holds his finger to her lips. Ivy unwillingly opens her mouth and sucks her
cunt juice from his hand.

Norman takes his hand away and says, "Let's see if you ass is as tight as your
cunt.  Spread you legs further apart, keep them straight and bend over from the
waist.  Otto help her."

Ivy spreads her legs and bends forward.  Otto grasps her by the scruff of the
neck and forces her down so her head is a only foot from the floor.

As Norman walks behind her he states that he is pleased to see that the years of
gymnastics she had taken had not gone to waste and that she appeared wonderfully
flexible.

He calls out to the other assistant,  "John, bring me that stool over there,"
indicating a small wooden stool near the examining table. 

The man does as ordered and places a stool behind the bent over form of the teen
captive.  With a grunt Norman lowers himself onto it.

Ivy starts when Norman grasps her buttocks and spreads her ass cheeks apart.  He
bends forwards and looks at the tight rosebud of her ass-hole.  Ivy shudders and
strains as her former choir mate slowly insinuates his forefinger into her
rectum.

"Tighter than a nun's cunt," Norman murmurs.  "Let me see if I can stick two
fingers in."

Ivy grunts with pain and struggles helplessly as the boy shoves both his
forefinger and middle finger into the hot channel of her bum.

"If the boys at school could see us now," he laughs.  "Wait a minute, they will
be able to.  You may not have noticed but this is all being filmed by cameras
located on the walls and ceiling.  I'll make sure still photos are distributed
to all the kids and teachers in school.  You always were so proper and innocent. 
Imagine how they will react to pictures of you made up like a slut with
someone's fingers up your arse!"

He slowly removes his fingers and orders Otto to let Ivy straighten up.

Once again the corpulent teenager stands before the humiliated girl.  He holds
his fingers in front of her. Ivy can't help but notice that they are streaked
brown with her shit.

He moves them under her nose and orders her to smell them.

"Does it smell like chocolate?" he laughs.

"No." Ivy mutters.

"No?" he remarks sarcastically.  "I'm surprised since you always walked around
the school as if you thought your shit was ice cream.  What do these fingers
smell like?"

"Shit." She sobs.

"Lick them clean anyway," he orders.

Otto increases his grip on Ivy's neck.  She unwillingly opens her mouth and
Norman quickly slides in the fingers that had recently been up her ass.

Ivy gags on the foul digits but manages not to vomit.

Norman withdraws his fingers, now clean and gleaming with Ivy's saliva.

"Ivy," he begins.  "I now want you to bend backwards until you form a bridge.  I
know you took gymnastics and that you can do it."

He looks at Otto and signals him to help her.

Norman sits back down on the stool as Otto forces Ivy to bend over backwards. 
The nerdy teen unzips his fly and pulls out his cock.

"Lean her backwards like that.  A little more...a little more.  That's good.
Hold her just like that," he orders Otto.

Ivy is now bent over backwards so that her face in near Norman's lap.  She is
flooded with revulsion for Norman's prick juts inches from her nose.  She can
smell its rank odour.  Personal hygiene is obviously not one of the teenage
boy's interests.

"Now," says Norman, "suck my cock."

Otto manoeuvres the teen until her mouth comes in contact with Norman's erect
prick.  The teen bumps his dick against her reluctant lips. 

Otto pinches her left nipple.  "Start sucking!" he orders in a thick German
accent.

The pain in her breast is brutal.  Ivy opens her mouth and Norman slides his
cock into its warm recesses.

"Lovely," he whispers as the soft warmth of the fourteen year-old captive
envelopes his hard member.

Pain radiates in Ivy's lower back and thighs.  In order to end the agony she
desperately begins to suck her schoolmate's hard, salty cock.

In a few moments Norman grunts loudly and begins to spurt hot cum into Ivy's
mouth.

Evidently Norman has not ejaculated for several weeks for the load he releases
into Ivy is copious.  His first shot hits the back of her throat and, because
she is upside down, she coughs and chokes.  Gobs of sperm are blown out of her
nose and run down her inverted face.  The teenaged boy's cock continues to throb
in Ivy's mouth.  Soon her cheeks fill with cum and overflow.  Streams of pearly
yellow semen leak out of the corners of her mouth and flow into her eyes.

His orgasm complete, Norman orders Otto to let Ivy stand up.  He puts his
deflated organ back in his pants and walks over to face Ivy.  He gazes at her
cum streaked face.  She is furiously blinking her eyes in order to clear them of
his burning spunk.

"I'd love to own you but my father will let me bid only two hundred thousand
dollars and I feel that you will go for more than that.  Nevertheless, I'll put
in a bid and indicate that I am willing to have you star in a snuff film.  Maybe
we'll both get lucky."

He turns away and goes to the bookstand to write in his bid.

Before she has a chance to recover a second potential owner steps onto the low
platform.  Ivy is astounded to note that approaching her is a distinguished
looking middle-aged man.  While that in itself is unremarkable, Ivy is stunned
by what is accompanying him.  He is holding two emerald green leather leashes in
his hand.  The other end of each leash is attached to gold rings that have been
forced through the labias of two of the most beautiful young girls Ivy had ever
seen.  One child is white, the other black.  Both children are naked but for
golden manacles around their necks, wrists and ankles.  Each cannot be more than
eleven or twelve years of age.  Their slim bodies are completely hairless. 
Their breasts just swell and their puffy nipples stand out prominently from
their chests.  Both girls have well-formed, tight little bums.

The remarkable trio stops in front of Ivy.  The two child slaves walk in front
of their master and gaze with wide-eyed interest at the fourteen-year-old.  They
giggle at her helplessness.  Because Ivy's hands remain bound behind her back
she is unable to wipe Norman's sperm from her face.  Now that she is standing
erect, the cock slime has flowed from her eyes down her cheeks and now hangs in
ribbons from her chin.  A few drops have dribbled onto her breasts.

The stranger speaks for the first time.  He has a slight Spanish accent. 
Addressing his slaves, he orders them to clean the sperm from Ivy's face and
body.  With no hesitation the children approach.   The black slave licks her
right cheek while the white child licks the cum from the left.  They both labour
carefully until they meet at the point of Ivy's chin. Finally they each take
turns lapping the pearly drops of cum from her breasts.

Both children step away from Ivy.  Their lips glisten with sperm. 

Their owner looks closely at Ivy.  He frowns and hisses at his child slaves.  "I
told you to lick all the sperm from this bitch.  Look.  She still has some drops
of spunk on her upper lip."

Both little girls look aghast at their owner who continues to berate them.

"Perhaps you need a reminder to make sure you do exactly as I say at all times. 
Otto, park these little sluts while I finish with Ivy"

He hands the leashes to the tall German. The naked little girls shriek with pain
as Otto viciously jerks the leash and leads them to the wall behind Ivy.  He
deftly fastens the end of each leash to a hook high up on the wall.  He adjusts
the length of each leather thong so that it pulls at the ring imbedded in each
child's cunt.  The children whine as they are forced to stand on their toes in
order to relieve the agonizing pull of the straps.  In a few minutes their
bodies are bathed in sweat as they try to maintain their balance on their toes.

The stranger ignores their cries and concentrates on Ivy.  "My dear," he
whispers.  "You are very lovely.  However, if I decide to bid for you, and have
the good fortune to become your Master, I intend to give you to my father.  You
see.  You are a little too old for my tastes.  He nods towards the wall where
the two little girls are dancing a jig of pain as the rings pull relentlessly at
their cunt lips.  Ivy notices that a tiny rivulet of blood has begun to trickle
down the inside of the left thigh of the tiny blond slave.

 "I like them very young," he continues.  "So, I came here to bid -for a
exquisite eight year-old who will be auctioned tomorrow but since I'm here, I
think that you might make a perfect gift for my father.

"Papa is getting on in years now." Number Two continues as he slowly walks
around Ivy.  He stops behind her and rests his hands on her trembling shoulders. 
He whispers in her ear.  "He emigrated in somewhat of a hurry from Germany just
before the end of the Second World War.  He settled in Paraguay.  You see, he
wanted to spare he the Allies the inconvenience of putting him on trial for
crimes against humanity.  He thought that they might not appreciate the fact
that he was the youngest and most effective interrogator in the Gestapo.  Every
one he questioned talked...and everyone died."

The fourteen year-old girl shudders.  She remembers reading about the NAZI
regime and its infamous secret police organization when she did a Social Studies
project in school last year.  She also remembers with bitter irony that her
parents discouraged her from doing the project for fear that it would harm her
innocent sensibilities.  And now here she was.  In danger of being delivered
into the clutches of one of these monsters.

The man reaches down and seizes Ivy's right buttock. 

"As I was saying, Papa's getting old but likes to keep his hand in, so to speak. 
His birthday is next week and I've been looking for a suitable present for him.
You might be it.  Our ranch is equipped with a torture chamber that is surpassed
only by the ones here in Thanatos Manor.  I think that he would be thrilled with
the opportunity to torture a gorgeous little tart you to death."

Ivy struggles and attempts to get away but Otto and John step forward and block
her.

He stands before Ivy and continues.  "Father really likes to work on young
teenaged girls like you.  You're quite strong and can endure much pain before
dying.  Why last year I gave Father a beautiful thirteen year-old Chinese girl. 
He spent three or four hours every day torturing and abusing her and despite
this, she lasted more than four months before she died."

The stranger laughs and says to Ivy.  "During this period the little girl lost
one by one, her finger tips, then her fingers, then her toes, her nipples, her
clitoris, her tongue, teeth and finally her eyes. Papa cauterised her wounds
with a red-hot iron.  Despite all this abuse guess why she died?"

Ivy is horrified but whispers, "I..I..I don't know."

The stranger smiles and exclaims.  "She died of starvation of all things.  But
as I said, my father's getting old and forgetful.  He forgot to feed her! 
HA!..HA!..HA!!"

Ivy is so frightened that she almost faints. John grabs her arm and whispers in
her ear.  "Control yourself Ivy."  He presss a vial of smelling salts under her
nose.  Ivy's eyes widen and her head jerks back.  She was wide-awake again.

The cruel stranger continues speaking as if nothing had happened. "Before I
decide whether or not to bid, I would like to see how you react to pain."

Addressing the two giant assistants he goes on.  "Gentlemen, I realize that I
can do no permanent physical damage to our little prisoner but, with you
assistance, I think I can get a pretty good idea of whether this little girl
would be sufficiently amusing to my father.  First, Otto, if you would bring me
the cattle prod.  Thank you"

The giant quickly goes to the table and returns with a small, heavy brief case. 
He sets it on the floor and opens it to reveal a cattle prod that has been
modified to the specifications of the Thanatos Society.  About eighteen inches
long and powered by six batteries, this flexible rod can be connected to an
adapter that would allow it to be powered by a car battery which is integral to
the carrying case.  This is the mode that the man chooses.  What was truly
unique about the device though can be found at its business end.  Unlike the
normal cattle prod which ends in a small split metal tip, the Thanatos prod's
shaft was threaded at the end to allow it to be fitted with specially shaped
metal tips.  The stranger instructs Otto to screw on the "claw".  Ivy's eyes
widened with dismay as the German giant fits a small copper four-pronged claw to
the end of the prod.  He then handed the device to him.  As Otto and John hold
Ivy immobile the South American sadist touches the claw to the girl's left
nipple.  The four metal points dig into the fleshy nub.  There was no pain.  In
fact, the points afford her some relief as they scratch her itching, burning
bud.  Then he pulls the trigger.

"YEE..AAA..AHHH!!!" screams Ivy as she lurches in the strong grip of the two
men.  The pain from the electricity not only explodes in her nipple but feels
like a football place kicker had kicked her entire breast.  Her knees buckle and
she would have fallen if not supported.  She blinks furiously to clear her
tear-filled eyes.  With some reluctance she looks down at her nipple.  She is
sure that she will see a blackened stump where her beautiful nipple had been. 
To her relief the flesh appears undamaged.

Quietly the Latin American unscrews the claw and replaces it with a small silver
bullet-shaped cylinder.  It is four inches long and about three-quarters of an
inch in diameter at its thickest point.

"Alright gentlemen, help her assume the 'position'," the man quietly orders. 

The two dominators expertly force Ivy to her knees.  Otto pushes her head down
until her left cheek rests on the cold marble floor while John moves her knees
out past the width of her shoulders.  The highest point of Ivy is her bum.  The
stranger stands between her spread legs.  He can easily see her anus.  While the
two assistants hold the teen immobile, he touches the tip of the prod to Ivy's
butt hole.  She squirms while he pushes it into her ass until all four inches
are submerged in her anal cavity.  He then pulls the trigger.

A loud crack is heard and Ivy cries out and heaves in pain.  It feels like he
has set off a giant firecracker in her ass.  The two muscular men have
difficulty holding her still.  The shock is so great that Ivy momentarily loses
control of her bladder.  She pisses about a half a cup of urine on the floor
before she gains control of herself.  Otto and John quickly lift her up so that
the piss does not stain her spotless white stockings. 

Ivy looks down at the small puddle of urine.
John forces her to her knees once again and orders her to lick up every drop. 
He presses her face towards the rank puddle.

The hard marble floor is bruising Ivy's knees.  Her nose is less than an inch
from the pool of urine.  She swallows and resigns herself to her task.  Like a
cat she begins to lick up her piss.  Her pink tongue dips into the bitter pee
over and over again.  This is the third time in one day that she had been forced
to drink piss.  Only this time it is her own.  She's almost getting used to it.

While she has her tongue in the yellow puddle, the stranger quickly dips the end
of the cattle prod into the pee and pulls the trigger.  The electricity shoots
through the foul liquid and into her tongue.  Ivy shouts in pain and jerks her
head up.  Tears fill her eyes and her lips and tongue tingle with pain.

John quickly lifts her to her feet.

"My dear," the cruel stranger smiles as he glances at his Rolex wristwatch. 
"I'm sure you share my disappointment at having run out of time before I could
use the prod on your clit.  I'd kiss you goodbye but your mouth probably tastes
like a urinal.  John, please give her a mint in case whoever is next wants to
taste her lips."

John gives Ivy a couple of mint candies while the South American proceeds to the
pedestal to write in his bid.  He then goes to where his two child slaves are
fastened by their cunts to hooks in the wall.  Both children are still dancing
on the tips of their toes.  By now narrow streams of blood run down the inner
thighs of both of the naked beauties.  They find no relief from being freed from
the wall hook as their Master holds their leashes high in the air as he quickly
leads them away.  He looks like a professional handler walking two prize bitches
at a dog show.

Ivy cannot believe that only a half-hour has gone by since the auction began and
she is already exhausted.

End of Part 3....to be continued.




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Tale - Part 4

"You must be thirsty," Otto growls.  Here, drink this.

His associate places a dog dish on the floor in front of Ivy.  It is filled with
water laced with sugar and a stimulant.  The teen is very thirsty and quickly
kneels at the dog dish.  However before she can begin Otto grabs her by the
scruff of her neck. 

"Hold it a minute," he orders. 

Ivy watches as John bends over the dog dish, clears his throat noisily and spits
a large, yellow-grey ball of phlegm directly into the middle of the water.

As Ivy gazes at the disgusting slime ball as Otto explains to her that she will
never eat or drink anything at Thanatos Manor that has not been made more
fitting by the addition of something repulsive.

"We do this to remind you that you are no longer a human deserving of human
food," he continues.  "In fact, we don't even consider you an animal.  You are a
thing... a sperm sponge... a fuck-puppet.

New floods of tears erupt from the fourteen year-old as these cruel words
bombard her.

But Otto isn't finished.  "The sooner you realize that we can crush you and
throw you away like a bug, the better your slim chances will be for survival. 
Do everything you are ordered to do without hesitation and you may make it to
your fifteenth birthday.  Now drink up."

Despite the embarrassment of having to eat like a dog, Ivy is parched so she
kneels down and laps up the vile mixture.  She drinks the entire contents of the
bowl including the phlegm wad, which she quickly swallows with a shudder.  As
soon as she is finished, the German roughly jerks her to her feet.

By now Ivy has resigned herself to an afternoon of pain and humiliation. 
However, her heart leaps in her breast when she sees the crowd parting and a
kindly looking grey-haired lady waddles towards her.

"Grandma!!"  Ivy cannot believe her eyes.  She is astounded to see the familiar
form of her beloved grandmother cutting a swath through the milling crowd in the
foyer of Thanatos Manor.

Granny Mary is in her late sixties - a plump, short woman with apple-red cheeks
and a constant smile.   She wears a simple housedress and her grey hair is
pulled back in a tight bun.

Ivy's mind is flooded with the memory of the comfort she always enjoyed when she
visited Granny.  How they baked cookies together and how she confided in the
protective old woman, telling her of all her hopes and dreams for the future. 
Now, magically, she was here to save her!

As the old woman comes closer Ivy shouts, "Oh Granny please save me.  Mommy and
daddy have done horrible things to me!"

The old woman comes close enough to embrace her granddaughter.

"Now, now dear," she consoles.  "Everything is alright now.   I'm here to help
you."

"Look what they've done to you," continues Granny.  "Here let me unlace these
horrible leather things and free your arms."

Grandma turns the youngster around and expertly loosens the laces of her bondage
sleeves.

As soon as her arms are free, Ivy turns and throws them around her granny's
plump form.

"Thank you, thank you Gram," she sobs.

The old woman continues to comfort the teen. "Oh Ivy, it must have been a
nightmare to have your parents to do those unspeakable things to you... I can't
believe it."

Ivy is too relieved to wonder how Granny had found her and why she had not been
stopped by anyone in the Manor.  Both Otto and John stand passively by while the
woman comforts her.

Grandma glares at Otto.  "You there," she orders.  "Take that chain off the poor
girl's ankle. Then go get me a robe to cover her nakedness."

Otto quickly releases Ivy from the ankle manacle and leaves to get a robe.

"There now," she smiles.  "You'll be right as rain in a few minutes.  Oh by the
way.  You must be famished.  I just happen to have brought some cookies that I
made yesterday."

Ivy remembers the wonderful smells of her grandma's kitchen on the weekends when
she stayed over at the old woman's neighboring estate.  The old dear always was
baking bread and pastries.  Her speciality was wonderful oatmeal raisin cookies
- the teen's favourite.  Many were the rainy afternoons when Ivy would visit
grandma and help her bake those delectable treats. 

Just when she had lost hope, it has returned with her grandma. 

Grandmother opens the shoulder bag she had been carrying and takes out a clear
plastic baggy. She opens it and places a cookie into her granddaughter's mouth. 
Comfort Food.  The ravenous teen bites it in half and begins chewing.  Something
is wrong.  The melt-in-your-mouth sweetness she had been expecting is replaced
by a bitter taste.  Puzzled, Ivy looks closely at the remaining half of the
cookie in her granny's hand.

Her grandmother eyes harden and she smiles at her coldly and says, "You may be
wondering why the raisins in these cookies have wings and legs.  Well, now that
you are property of the Thanatos Society, I felt you'd better get used to your
new diet.  So I replaced the raisins with dead houseflies.  I also mixed a
half-cup of dog shit into the batter. Now eat up."

Ivy leaps back in shock.  Not Granny too!! 

John returns to Ivy and grab her firmly by the shoulders.

Granny walks up to Ivy and holds the rest of the first cookie to her
granddaughter's lips.

"Eat, my dear." She orders.

John cruelly twists her arm behind her back until Ivy open her mouth.  Granny
lays the cookie on her tongue.  The innocent victim begins to chew but the vile
flavour and texture are too much for her.  Her stomach heaves and she vomits its
contents onto the floor.

"You bitch!" cries Granny.  "John, make her clean it up."

Once again, Ivy is forced to her knees.  Her face pushed toward the mess on the
floor.  She is horrified.  Crumbled cookie pieces speckled with chewed flies and
shit are flecked with Norm Green's sperm. She even recognizes Otto's phlegm wad. 
The whole concoction is soaked in her stomach juices and piss.  Ivy swallows and
vomits...swallows and vomits... swallows and vomits until she finally keeps the
noxious sludge down.

She is finally allowed to stand up.  John holds her by the scruff of her neck.

Granny continues to smile at Ivy.  "You little fool.  Do you actually believe
that I'd be permitted to waltz in here and whisk you away?  No dear, I'm here at
the request of the management of the Manor.  I've been asked to use my special
talents to determine scientifically how much pain you can endure."

She orders John to prepare the girl.

He continues to hold her still while Otto returns, not with a robe but with a
large rectangular frame, similar to the one Ivy had been bound to while her
child-whore make-up was applied.  This apparatus is on a heavy, wheeled cart and
is affixed at its sides to pillars that allow the frame to turn a complete 360
degree circle so that Ivy can be suspended with her head up and her feet down,
or her feet up and her head down.

John removes Ivy's stockings but not her garter belt before he and Otto attach
her by her wrists and ankles to manacles in the four inside corners of the iron
frame.  Once again her legs are spread wide, exposing her naked vagina.

Ivy hangs suspended as tight as a guitar string.  She can only move her head.

John now goes off and returns in a few moments pushing wheeled table.  It
contains two shelves.  On the top shelf is a closed leather case and a syringe
filled with a cloudy yellow liquid.  The only other thing on the top shelf is a
black box with a large dial in its center.  A thick, black electric cable
emerges from one end of the box and leads to a connector which links the machine
to a series of three car batteries resting on the table's lower shelf.  The
opposite end of the machine has an opening form which sprout a veritable bouquet
of long, thin wires.  The end of each wire is tipped with a tiny alligator clip.

Grandma picks up the hypodermic syringe and addresses Ivy.

"As I said before, I've been asked to demonstrate to your potential buyers how
much pain you can stand.  Until now your experience with pain has been
relatively mild.  Granted a spiked, chilli-soaked dildo in your vagina and a
cattle prod up your ass hurts.  However, we've yet to determine in a scientific
way how much you can take and what parts of your body are most sensitive.  In
order to find out every meat-puppet who falls into our clutches is given the
Thanatos Society Pain Threshold Test.  I'm proud to say that I was instrumental
in its development.  Now let's begin.

"This syringe contains a special stimulant created in the laboratories of the
Society.  It will heighten your nerve ending's response to stimulation.  It will
also prevent you from fainting."

In a business-like manner, the old woman drives the long needle into her
granddaughter's abdomen.  She pushes the plunger flooding Ivy with the
stimulant.

Ivy screams with pain.

"Now we have to wait a few minutes for the chemical to take effect," says
Grandma.  "While we wait, I'll show you some of my tools."

The old woman replaces the now empty syringe on the table and zips open the
leather case.  She unfolds it revealing a collection of steel needles.  There
are more than one hundred of various sizes-ranging from a half an inch to eight
inches.  They are a shiny silver colour and are capped with small round copper
heads.  The old woman removes one of the two-inch needles and holds it before
her granddaughter's face.  Otto hands the old woman a large magnifying glass
that she holds between Ivy and the needle.

Ivy's heart lurches.  When viewed through the glass, it becomes apparent that
the shaft of the needle is not smooth but is, in fact covered with hundreds of
tiny barbs.

"I'm very proud of these needles, my dear," Grandma announces.  "They are
designed to invoke the maximum amount of pain without permanently scarring skin,
when used properly. Now let's begin."

The old woman moves beside her granddaughter, reaches up and slowly pushes the
needle into the flesh between the thumb and forefinger on the back of Ivy's
right hand.

The teen's shriek of agony echoes off of the Manor's walls.  Her right hand
vibrates with pain.  Grandma with slow deliberation continues to force the
needle through her granddaughter's flesh until its point emerges from the skin
on the palm side of her hand.  Blood begins to trickle out of the wounds on both
the back and palm of her hand.

"You may wonder why it hurts so much, my sweet.  Well I have studied the ancient
art of acupuncture and have learned the points on the human body that are
junctions of the fourteen meridians of energy.  By piercing one of these
junction points, I can generate exquisite agony without doing any real physical
damage."

While she speaks the old sadist picks up a one-inch long needle.  Otto rotates
the frame from which Ivy hangs until the child is parallel to the floor, looking
up at the ceiling.

When the old woman grasps her left foot, Ivy tries to struggle but her efforts
are futile.  Grandma tightly grips the teen's large toe and slowly pushes the
steel needle into the flesh just under her toenail.  Another ear-shattering
shriek echoes throughout Thanatos Manor.  The old woman has a practised hand and
the shaft of the needle can plainly be seen under Ivy's nail.  Presently ruby
beads of blood erupt from the tiny wound.

For the next fifteen minutes, Ivy screams constantly as her grandmother inserts
over fifty needles into her delicate flesh.  The monstrous woman stops and
orders Otto to rotate Ivy's frame so that she is once more upright.  She steps
back to admire her work so far.

The fourteen year-old's body now glistens with sweat.  Her voice is now hoarse
from screaming.  There is a one-inch steel needle under the nail of each toe and
finger.  A two-inch long shaft of steel pierces each nipple.  Three-inch needles
have been forced into the joints at the back of each knee.  Three needles
penetrate her armpits.  Even her beautiful face has not been spared as her
grandmother has pushed a half-inch needle directly into the tip of her nose. 
Each of Ivy's butt cheeks bristles with a dozen needles.   A one-inch torture
device protrudes from her belly button.  Finally, the terrible old woman has
slowly pushed an eight-inch needle through the base of each of the poor girl's
breasts.

Blood flows slowly from each wound and trickles down her gleaming sweat-soaked
body.

Granny smiles at her granddaughter and says, "You've stood up remarkably well by
dear.  I've just one more thing to attend to before we hook you up to the car
batteries.

Despite the haze of pain caused by the needles imbedded in her flesh, Ivy hears
the old woman's mention of the car batteries and begins to whimper and implore
the old woman for mercy.

"Please, Grandma.  No more... for God's sake stop."

"Now, now dear.  I'm almost finished.  I just have to attend to your pretty
cunt."

Once more, Ivy is rotated until she is horizontal, facing the ceiling.  Granny
has bent over to step under the frame so that she stands between the teen's
wide-spread legs.

"Show Ivy the dildo, Otto", she orders.

The large man holds a gleaming silver dildo in front of Ivy.  It is nine inches
long and is completely covered with small holes.  The torturer smiles at the
teen and slowly turns the base of the artificial cock.  Hundreds of tiny barbed
needles emerge from the holes until the steel phallus bristles with hundreds if
eighth-inch long pins.  He turns the base again until the needles disappear back
into the shaft.

Ivy wails anew.

"Keep it up, dear," the old woman smiles as she takes the dildo from Otto. 
"Your cries are music to our ears.

"Now, let's continue.  I suppose I should lubricate this dildo but have no K-Y
or Vaseline.  Perhaps your blood will serve as a suitable substitute."

  A small pool of blood has formed in Ivy's navel and streams of blood flow from
her impaled nipples and breasts.  The old woman rubs the dildo over her
granddaughter's stomach and breasts until it drips with her blood.

Holding open the lips of Ivy's vagina, she slowly pushes the dildo into her. 
Once again, the fourteen year-old's cunt, which had been virgin just hours
before is filled with a large foreign object.  Ivy reflexively squeezes her cunt
muscles as she tries to expel the large metal phallus.  She is squeezing with
all her might when Granny twists the base of the dildo.

"AIIIII...EE..EE..AHHGHGH!!!"

Her eyes bulge out of her head.  Hundreds of needles penetrate her most intimate
flesh.  She fights against the impulse to squeeze out the dildo.

"OW...OW....OWW!!  Please Granny, take it out, take it out...it hurts....it
hurts...it hurts!!!"

Grandma ignores her wretched pleas and orders Otto to turn Ivy's frame until it
is once more upright.

"Help me hook her up."

For the next five minutes the old woman and her assistant fixes the tiny wires
to the skewers in Ivy's body with small alligator clips. The needles in Ivy's
hands, nipples and breasts have completely penetrated those sensitive areas so
that the points are exposed.  In those cases Granny attaches wires to each end
of the needle.  Finally, the monstrous old woman attaches a thicker cable, with
a heavier alligator clip to the base of the dildo that fills Ivy's cunt.

She steps back once again to admire her work.

Exhaustion has reduced Ivy's screams of agony to soft groans of pain.

"Now my dear, let me explain what I am about to do," smiles Granny.  "I'm going
to use your body like a musical instrument to play what I like to call a
concerto of agony.

"You see these wires are attached to a "keyboard".  There is a separate key for
each wire so that I can electrify one needle at a time.  Like this."

Granny presses down on one black key.  Immediately a jolt of ghastly pain slams
into the big toe if Ivy's left foot.  Her entire foot goes into a locked spasm
and pain radiates up as high as her knee.

Her screams start anew.

Smiling once again her grandmother explains to her that there are also keys that
can electrify a group of needles at the same time.  She presses one of these and
the needles in the teenager's nipples course with electricity.  Ivy feels as
though her nipples are exploding.

Blood and sweat flow freely down her body.

"A small computer in the control box keeps track of this experiment and will
calculate your Pain Tolerance Rating.  This will let your new owner determine
just what he or she has to do to get the most suffering out of you.  Let's
begin," says Granny.

For the next five minutes the halls of Thanatos Manor resonate with the agonized
cries of the fourteen year-old captive.
Electric pain jolts each of her toes individually. Then the pain invades all the
toes of her left foot, then her right nipple, then her nose.  Granny then
electrifies the twelve needles in Ivy's right buttock and then those in her
left.  The fingers of her left hand erupt with agony from her pinkie to her
thumb and then from her thumb back to her pinkie.

Next the old sadist concentrates the electricity in the needle that are imbedded
in Ivy's sensitive acupuncture energy meridians, causing her granddaughter's
cries of pain to go up by a complete octave.

She then turns off all the currents.  Ivy hangs limply from her bonds.  She is
exhausted.  Her skin drips with sweat and blood.

Granny presses the key that shoots electricity into the dildo.  Hundreds of
needles blast torment into the already bruised and chafed flesh of Ivy's vagina.

The poor girl stiffens.  Her eyes bulge and her mouth opens in an agonized
animal-like shriek.  Spittle drools from her lips and drips onto her chest.

"AAAYYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAHHH...H...H!!!!"

Despite the stimulant coursing through her veins, Ivy mercifully passes out from
the pain.

While she remains unconscious, Granny and her helpers remove the needles from
her granddaughter's flesh.  As Otto wheels away the cart carrying the
instruments of torture, the old woman holds a vial of smelling salts under Ivy's
nose.

With a jerk Ivy raises her head.  Blood continues to ooze out of some of her
wounds, particularly out of her tortured vagina.

"My dear," Granny announces.  "I'm happy to say that you are particularly
sensitive to pain yet do not pass out easily.  I'm sure you'll give your new
owner many hours of pleasure.  I'm very proud of you."

The hapless teen is released from the torture frame.  She remains completely
naked but for her scarlet garter belt.  Ivy trembles and can barely stand.  In
fact she would have fallen to her knees if Otto weren't supporting her by the
scruff of her neck.

"Before I leave you, dear," Granny announces.  "I want to take a few pictures of
you for my "special" album.  You see you're not the first of my 'granddaughters'
and you won't be the last.  In fact there is an exquisite eleven year-old who
thinks that I'm her granny who should be ripe for the plucking or should I say
fucking in a year or two."

The sadistic old woman takes a Polaroid camera from her purse.  While Otto holds
Ivy firmly, Granny sarcastically orders her to smile and begins taking pictures.   

After a minute the pictures are developed.  Grandma shows them to her
granddaughter.  Ivy looks at the first picture.  In it Otto towers over her
while she looks stricken at the camera.  Her sweat glistening alabaster skin is
covered with a lacework of blood.  Scarlet tendrils flow from the puncture
wounds left by the barbed needles.  Her breasts, nipples, toes and fingers drip
blood while a small streamlet of blood trickles from her vagina and down her
inner thighs.

"Well dear, I must leave you now," announces the old woman.  "We might meet
again someday, but I doubt it.  So let me leave you with a few words of advice."

The trembling, bleeding teen stares at her grandmother.

"Until today, my dear, life for you was easy.  Well, in the past few hours
you've learned that life can be hard.  For you it will be especially hard.  You
must remember that you are nothing more than the property of your owner.  You
have no rights and should expect no mercy.  If you are lucky, you will be dead
in a few months.  More likely, though, you can expect to spend many years as a
sex-slave.  While you remain young and pretty, your owner will probably do no
pemanent physical damage to you.  If you're "lucky" he will likely use you for
the pleasure of himself and his close associates.  However, as you get older and
the blush of youth fades, your ordeals will grow in severity.  Here's some
advice.  Learn to obey. No matter what you are ordered to do, do it.  Fuck when
you're told to fuck and suck when you're told to suck.  If your master orders
you to spread your legs for his dogs, do it without hesitation."

Tears well up in Ivy's. "Please Granny, why are they doing this to me?  I want
to go home!"

Ignoring her, the old woman continues.

"If your master orders you to clean out a horse's stall with your mouth, do it. 
If he wants to use your tongue for toilet paper, do not resist.  If you do, you
may be sent back here to the Manor where you will suffer a fate more horrible
than you can ever imagine.  It will make what you are going through today seem
like a Saturday afternoon at the Mall.

"Now give your Granny a goodbye kiss."

The old woman leans forward and embraces her the shivering teenaged beauty. 
This time, however, instead of the grandmotherly peck on the cheek that she was
used to, Ivy finds Granny planting a wet kiss on her mouth.  She struggles to
break free as the old woman pushes her tongue over Ivy's lips and into her soft
mouth.  The teen is shocked and humiliated by this French kiss.  Granny
continues to insinuate her tongue into her grand daughter's mouth while her
gnarled hands rove over the teen's bloody buttocks.

After what seems like an eternity, the old woman breaks her embrace.

"Oh dear," she remarks.  I've got your blood all over my nice dress.  Oh well,
It'll wash out."

Without another word, she leaves.

John now addresses the small group of people who wait quietly to inspect Ivy.

"Before we continue I beg your patience a little longer while we make this
little meat-puppet more presentable."

Otto holds Ivy while John retrieves a bucket of soapy water in which floats a
large sponge.  With little ceremony, he removes her now bloody garter belt and
begins to wash down her body.  Soon both sponge and suds are tinged pink with
Ivy's blood.

Ivy begins to tremble even more for the solution in the bucket is icy cold yet
burns horribly.

"Oh, please stop!" she begs.

"I'm almost finished, slut.  It burns because there is alum in the water to stop
the bleeding," growls the leather-clad giant.

Dropping the sponge into the bucket he goes to the table and picks up the
styptic dildo.

Ivy remembers the agony of that tool and tries futilely to squirm out of Otto's
iron grip.

Without hesitation John kneels down, spreads open Ivy's cunt with two fingers of
one hand and slides the dildo into her bruised girl-flesh.

Ivy squeals and struggles even more but cannot expel the fiery plastic cock. 
After a minute, John pulls it out.  Her cunt is no longer bleeding.

John uses the sponge one last time to wipe the last rivulets of blood from Ivy's
inner thighs.

Ivy is now clean.  Her whorish make-up has been washed off and she is restored
to the model of youthful innocence.  Even her ruby red nipples appear more
naturally pink and the itching and burning has stopped.

John refastens the ankle manacle to Ivy so that once more, she is chained to the
ring bolted to the floor.

Otto signals to the next man who has been waiting patiently to inspect the girl.




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Tale - Part 5

WARNING:  Some of my more gentle readers may find this chapter of Innocent Ivy's
descent into degradation is particularly revolting.

As Ivy stands naked, one slender ankle manacled to the ring embedded in the
marble floor by a heavy chain, her mind swims.  In fewer than twenty-four hours
she has gone from being a fourteen year-old virgin to a fourteen-year-old sex
slave.  She has been humiliated, raped and tortured by her parents and by total
strangers.  Even her owns grandmother has tormented and defiled her.

What did I do to deserve this fate, she wonders naively as her next prospective
buyer comes closer.  He is a giant of a man.  Well over six feet tall and
exceedingly fat. His greasy brown hair is pulled back into a ponytail.  As he
draws near Ivy can smell his horrible body odor.  He is sweating profusely in a
filthy blue sweat suit.  The garment is stained with what looks to Ivy like
blood and semen.  He comes to a halt in front of the girl.  Licking his
worm-like lips, he stares at her naked form with cold blue eyes that are almost
buried in the folds of fat.

Ivy finds his body stink so repulsive that she tries to step back away from him
but is stopped by Otto who apparently is used to the disgusting stench.

The man's breath is laboured when he finally speaks.

"So you are Ivy," he wheezes.  The mere act of walking seems to have tired him
to the point of near breathlessness.

By his accent, Ivy can tell that the fat man is most likely from the United
States.

He continues.  "I've been watching your grandmother conduct the Pain Threshold
Test and have been most impressed at your ability to endure the most
excruciating pain.

"My name is Master Clarence.  I can tell by the expression on your face that you
find me quite repulsive.  Well, my dear, I've worked very hard to become that. 
Normally I bathe regularly but when I stay at Thanatos Manor I prefer not to. 
I've been here four weeks.  Now before I decide to bid on you I want to see just
how much of me you can take."

Ivy shudders.  He laughs and continues.  "I'm looking for a young girl to serve
as my personal wash cloth.  Since my time with you today is limited, I'll simply
ask you to wash my feet with your tongue and then give me a nice blowjob.  You
shouldn't find that too painful."

While Master Clarence is speaking Otto has joined Ivy's wrists together behind
her back with the plastic ties used by police to restrain prisoners.  He forces
her to her knees while his colleague brings a heavy chair for Clarence to sit
on.

The corpulent man extends both his feet.  Ivy's head is forced inches from the
fat man's filthy running shoes. 

"First I want you to clean my shoes and then remove them and my socks using only
your mouth," instructs the fat man.

He lifts his right foot up revealing the bottom of he runner.  Although filthy,
the shoes are quite new with deep treads.  Ivy gulps with revulsion for the
treads are filled with various brown and yellow shades of filth.

"Come now my dear, hurry up," he commands.  "I've been walking outside and paid
a visit to our stables.  I'm afraid that I may have stepped in some horse shit."

Indeed he had.  Ivy continues to stare at the bottom of the man's shoe.

"Look here you little cunt," he whispers angrily.  "You can start right now, or
I can ask your grandmother to come back and administer the Pain Tolerance Test
again.

Terrified, Ivy immediately kisses the bottom of the man's shoe.  She uses her
pink tongue to work the dry horse shit out from between the ridges in the
rubber.  As her saliva softens the stool it begins to smell.  She cannot believe
that she is doing this but the thought of another bout with the barbed needles
motivates her to continue.

Her mouth is now half filled with dirt and horse manure.  The taste makes the
poor teen retch continually but she manages not to vomit.  She straightens and
looks about for something to spit into.  Surely they don't expect her to swallow
this vile mess!!  With a clang a steel dog food bowl lands on the marble floor
next to her.  Thankfully, she bends over it and spit out the shit.

She continues to clean his right shoe and then begins on the left, spitting
regularly into the dog dish.  Along with the horse shit, the bottom of
Clarence's left shoe contains the remains of a squashed grasshopper that Ivy
pries out with her tongue and adds to the collected mud and manure mixture in
the bowl.  Finally she is finished.

"Very good," says Clarence.  "Now unlace my shoes with your teeth and pull my
shoes and socks off with your mouth."

With difficulty Ivy struggles to undo the knots in the obese man's shoes.  After
about two minutes both shoes are loose enough to remove.  Ivy crawls to the side
and grips the leather loop at the back of Clarence's right show.  He lifts his
foot while she tugs at the loop and the shoe comes off.  Ivy is left holding in
her mouth.  It falls out as the poor girl gasps from the eye-watering stench of
his sweat socks.

"As I said before," the fat man declares as she struggles to remove his left
shoe.  "I've been here a month and have not changed my socks since I arrived. 
Now grab the toes of both socks and pull them off my feet."

Her eyes still watering from the stench, Ivy kneels before the man who is
holding his feet together so his big toes touch.  She gently grips the toes of
his socks with her teeth.  The socks are actually wet from his sweat.  She leans
back and slowly pulls both socks off his feet together.  As she does so the
socks stretch until, suddenly, they both pop off of his feet and smack her in
the face.  She quickly opens her mouth and drops them on the floor.

Unfortunately for the poor teenager, the worst is yet to come.  She gazes at the
man's feet.  They are filthy.  The nails on his toes are yellow with fungus and
have not been trimmed for a long time.  Black dirt is caked beneath each
toenail.  As she looks the Clarence spreads his toes.  There is a yellow-brown
deposit of crud between each one.

"Start with the big toes," he commands. 

With growing reluctance, Ivy bends forward and slides her lips around the toe of
his right foot.  The foul smell of his foot is only exceeded by its loathsome
taste. She begins to suck on the toe.  The salty taste of his foul flesh makes
her salivate.  At least this serves to loosen the filth under his toenail. After
a minute her mouth is filled with dirt laced saliva.  She moves her head up and
the toe pops out of her mouth.  Quickly, Ivy spits into the metal dog dish.

For the next ten minutes Ivy sucks this fat man's filthy toes and repeatedly
spits the loosened filth into the metal bowl.  What a picture this duo makes.  A
beautiful naked teenager with her arms fastened behind her back kneeling before
a loathsome lump of a man.  She is bent over sucking his toes so that her
perfect naked rump is in the air aimed at the ceiling.  Remarkably, despite all
the abuse Ivy's alabaster skin appears to be flawless.  Even the marks made by
the dozens of needles used by her grandmother are barely visible.  What cannot
be seen is the inside of her vagina whose tender lining is chafed and bruised
from her labia to her cervix.

As Master Clarence gazes at the beautiful girl's who sucks and licks his dirty
feet, he permits himself a brief moment of self-analysis.  What is it about
debasing a beautiful teenager that thrills him?  Perhaps it's his way of getting
back at all the pretty girls in his high school in the Sixties who wouldn't pay
him the time of day.  Behind his back (and sometimes to his face) they called
the overweight, pimply boy the "Swampthing". After all it wasn't his fault that
his family was too poor and his mother too drunk to teach him to bathe regularly
or to wash his clothes more than once every six weeks.  His humiliation before
these young beauties lasted for the full four years of high school. 
Fortunately, his forced isolation from his peers forced him to spend many hours
by himself.  Like many lonely, intelligent teenaged boys he became interested in
the new science of computer engineering.  Despite his loathsome personal habits,
he won a full scholarship to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  He
dropped out after three years to start his own software company and today, his
was one of the largest companies of its kind in the world.  Of course, his
financial success and the necessity to get on with his staff and other
businessmen motivated him to clean up his act.  Once a year, however, he
reverted back to his old ways and spent six weeks at Thanatos Manor wallowing in
his own filth.

Soon the bottom of the silver bowl is covered with a mixture of dirt and horse
shit, with the odd insect part.  Since Ivy has spit the filth from Master
Clarence's feet into the bowl, her saliva has served to turn the mess in the
dish into a thick loathsome stew.

The fat man is satisfied with the job the naked beauty has done on his feet.

"That's quite a good job my dear," he announces as he leans back in his chair. 
He spreads his legs.

"Crawl between my legs, Ivy, and prepare to suck my cock," he commands.

Ivy, with her hands now freed by Otto, obeys.

The fat man unzips his fly and pulls out his penis.

Ivy is assailed by the sour, musky odour that emanates from this fleshy member.

Clarence has obviously been turned on by the sight of the pretty naked teenager
sucking on his filth toes because his prick is already hard.

Ivy stares at it.  It is not particularly long (at least it isn't as long as her
fathers dick,) but it is quite thick.  Like the rest of the man, it is filthy. 
A crust of dried cum and what looks like blood covers much of the shaft

This is the first uncircumcised male member Ivy has ever seen.   She wants to
get this ordeal over quickly so she reaches out and grasps the man's penis.  She
pulls down its foreskin revealing a thick yellow cheese-like deposit coating the
base of the glans.  The only clean thing about his dick is the clear drop of
pre-cum fluid that has leaked out of its tip.

Ivy leans forward and dips her pink tongue into this drop of clear fluid.  She
then opens her mouth wide and envelops the filthy cock head with her mouth.  The
sour taste makes her shudder but she bravely sucks.  The fat man grasps Ivy by
the back of her head and pushes her down on his cock.  Ivy gags for a second and
then relaxes her throat muscles so that the entire length of the fat cock is in
her mouth.

He lets go of her head and the teen sex-slave raises up so that only the head of
the cock is in her mouth.

The fat man wheezes at Ivy.  "I'm about to shoot.  When I do I want you to keep
all my cum in your mouth.  Do not swallow a drop of it."

As soon as he says this he moans and releases a geyser of warm spunk onto the
hapless teenager's tongue.  Ivy does as she was told and manages to hold the
copious supply of sperm in her warm mouth.  After several spasms, Clarence's
climax is complete.  With an agility that belies his girth he stands up.  His
cock remains firmly in Ivy's mouth.  Now that he is standing over the kneeling
girl, her head is tilted back so that she is looking up at him.  He slowly
withdraws his now flaccid cock from her mouth.   A string of pearly cum connects
Ivy's lips to the tip of his cock for just a second and then the string breaks
and lands on the teenager's chin.

Ivy kneels before the fat man.  Her mouth is full of his cock slime.  She
wonders how long she will have to hold it in her mouth.

"Alright Ivy," he whispers.  "Spit the contents of your mouth into the dog
dish."

Ivy leans over and does as ordered.

Clarence is delighted at the sight of the naked fourteen year-old beauty
kneeling with her head over the dog bowl.  She opens her mouth and a long, thick
streamer of his sperm flows over her lower lip and slowly spills into the
mixture of horseshit, mud and saliva.  Ivy has inadvertently moved her head so
that the yellow-white sperm has made a spiral design on the surface of the brown
slime.  In a moment, Ivy's mouth is empty and she sits back on her haunches.

Clarence seems very pleased as he looks down at her.

"You've done quite well, my dear.  You've even managed to make that bowl of
filth more attractive with the lovely design you made on its surface.  Why it
almost looks like a bowl of Mexican bean dip with a drizzle of melted cheese on
top."

"That reminds me," he continues with an evil glint in his piggy eyes.  "You must
be starving.  Since you've made what's in the doggy dish look so yummy. I think
you should eat it."

"No!  Please no!" Ivy begs.  "Don't make me eat that.  If you do, I think I'll
die."

"Nonsense," says Clarence.  "I don't know what your problem is.  Whatever's in
that bowl has already been in your mouth."

Turning to Otto the fat man asks him to get a bowl of corn chips.

Obviously this has been planned all along because while Ivy was sucking the fat
man's cock, Otto's colleague went to the kitchen of the Manor and returned with
a bowl of triangular corn chips.

Ivy is ordered to sit cross-legged on the cold marble floor and to place the dog
dish on her crossed legs.  Otto then places the bowl of corn chips on the floor
beside her.

Reluctantly Ivy takes a chip and dips a corner into the foul mess.

"Don't forget to pick up some sperm along with the other stuff," Clarence
orders.

Ivy's mind reels.  The "other stuff" is a mixture of soil, horse manure, insect
parts and the filth from under the nails and between the toes of the fat man's
feet, all mixed together in her own saliva.

She stares at the corn chip in her hand, willing herself to put it in her mouth
and chew it.  Alas, she cannot bring herself to do so.

She looks up at her tormentor with tear filled eyes.  "I'm sorry.  I just can't
do it.  If you make me eat this I'll throw up."

Otto sneers at her.  "If you throw up we'll make you lick up your vomit as well.
Just like the bitch you are."

"Please Otto, don't be so hard on the poor girl," Clarence soothes.  "Look at it
her way.  That mixture is pretty thick and must be difficult to swallow."

Ivy cannot believe her ears.  Someone actually is concerned about her welfare. 
Her feeling of relief is short-lived as she remembers the "kind" words her
grandmother used before administering the horrid Pain Threshold Test.

Her trepidation is well founded when Clarence continues.

"I know.  Perhaps if Otto and I piss in the dog bowl you'll find its contents
more palatable.  I tell you what.  If you can eat all of that lovely mixture in
a minute or less, we won't piss in the bowl." 

He looks at his wristwatch.  "Begin...now!" 

The naked teen quickly jams the first corn chip in her mouth and begins chewing. 
It tastes absolutely vile.  Despite this Ivy digs a second chip into the mess
before she has finished eating the first mouthful.  She shoves it into her
mouth.  She shudders as her teeth crunch down on the grasshopper but she does
not throw up.

Ivy continues to eat shit laden corn chips until Clarence says "Time's up."

He and Ivy look into the dog dish.

"My dear!" her exclaims.  "You've done a very good job.  You must have been
famished for there's hardly anything left in the bowl.  Did you enjoy it?"

"No sir, I didn't," Ivy gasps.  Her abdominal muscles ache from her continuous
attempts to fight down the urge to vomit.

"Wonderful!  You weren't supposed to."

Otto grabs Ivy by the scruff of her neck and pulls her to her feet.

Clarence continues.  "I see that my time is up and we don't want to keep that
lovely couple waiting to see you cooling their heels longer than necessary.  So
I'll bid you farewell."

The fat man goes to the pedestal holding the silent auction list and writes his
bid for the teenage slave.

Otto drags Ivy to her feet.  He gives her some Listerine to wash out her mouth
and some water to drink.  Her stomach aches dully as she is forced to her knees
once again before the now empty dog food bowl. 

"You'd better get rid of the shit in your stomach," Otto says as had kneels
behind Ivy and encircles his arms around her waist.  "We don't want you too sick
to entertain  members of the Society."  He places his right fist on her abdomen
just under her rib cage.  He grasps his right hand with his left and jerks
violently up into her diaphragm.  This Heimlich manoeuvre causes Ivy to vomit
violently into the dog dish. 

About ten people, who have been watching Ivy's performance with Master Clarence
clap politely as she heaves repeatedly into the bowl.

When her stomach is empty, Otto yanks her to her feet once again.  He gives her
another belt of Listerine.

Meanwhile her final potential buyer has climbed the platform and is coming
towards Ivy.  He is not alone.

Ivy gasps with shock when she recognises both him and his companion.  It is
Uncle Frederick, her father's brother and his fifteen year-old daughter Linda.  
Her cousin Linda had been her best friend since they were both toddlers.  Ivy
remembers how much she missed Linda when she and her father moved out of the
neighbouring farm eighteen months ago.  Her parents told her they went to
California.  Now she can hardly recognize her friend.  The last time she saw
Linda she was a tall, willowy blond with long legs, narrow hips and breasts that
were just beginning to swell on her chest.  Here heart-shaped face was adorned
by a pert nose a full mouth and widely spaced cornflower blue eyes.  Oh how she
had changed since she left.  Looking at her cousin, Ivy quickly realises that
Linda, like her, had become a victim of the Thanatos Society.

The naked fifteen year-old is still blonde and tall but everything else about
her has changed.  Her once tiny breasts are now quite large, yet retain the tone
of youth and do not sag.  Silver rings had pierced her nipples.  Her uncle leads
her towards Ivy by a Y-shaped chain fastened to those rings.

A heavy silver collar tightly constricts Linda's throat forcing her neck to
stretch to its utmost limit. A silver ring slightly heavier than those in her
nipples has been forced through the septum of her nose and a large spiked ball
gag has been inserted in her mouth.  Thin rivulets of blood leak from the
corners of her mouth onto her breasts to mingle with the blood dripping slowly
from her abused nipples.

Linda's wrists are adorned with heavy silver manacles that, for the moment are
not fastened together so that her arms hang freely by her sides.

Linda's father has made his daughter to wear strange shoes.  They force the poor
teenager to walk like a ballerina on the tips of her toes.  Her feet are cruelly
arched.  What amazes Ivy is that her cousin's shoes have no high heels to
support her weight.  Instead, the hard black leather encasing Linda's feet are
forcing her on her tiptoes by arching her foot and binding her ankles so that
she cannot relax her feet by lowering her own heel to the floor.  Ivy cannot
imagine how painful it must be to be forced to bear the weight of you body only
on the points of your toes.  As her cousin is lead close, Ivy can see that the
poor girl's calf muscles are vibrating with a permanent locked spasm of pain.

"Ivy, my dear," Uncle Franklin begins when he and his bondage daughter stop in
front of her.  "Of course, you remember your cousin Linda."

Ivy is speechless.  Now that her cousin is right in front of her she can see the
damage that the Thanatos Society has done.  Her breasts and bum are a
latticework of fresh welts and healed scars.  Her cunt is without pubic hair. 
Just above her slit the words "DADDY'S FUCKTOY" have been branded into flesh.

Linda is moaning softly around the ball gag.  Despite her own predicament, Ivy
cannot but feel sorry for Linda.  Her cousin's pain must be horrendous.  Ivy
notices that blood is slowly running down the inside of Linda's thighs.  The end
of a large silver dildo protrudes from her cousin's vagina.  Ivy can see that
the surface of artificial cock is covered with a multitude of tiny needles.  Ivy
shudders when she realises that the entire surface of the silver dick must be
covered with similar needles and it is those needles that hold the cock firmly
and painfully in Linda's cunt.

Ivy's uncle continues.  "The reason I'm here with Linda is to replace  her.  I'm
in the market for a new slave and think it might be amusing if you killed her
for me."

Ivy cannot believe her ears.  "What?!!"

"You heard me," her uncle smiles.  " I want you to kill her right her and right
now."

"I can't." wails Ivy.

"Yes you can, my dear," Uncle Frederick responds.  "You see, anything that you
refuse to do to your dear cousin, I will have Otto do to you.

"I've been given permission by the Board of Directors of the Society to have
this filmed.  The snuff film will then be sold at a profit large enough to cover
the cost of replacing either her or you.  So, dear Ivy, you have exactly ten
minutes to kill Linda.  If you refuse, I will have Otto kill you and then kill
Linda.  So what do you say?  Are you going to be a good girl and do what your
Uncle Frederick asks?

Ivy looks at Linda.  Her cousin's eyes have the panicked look of a deer
surrounded by wolves.

"Well," her Uncle says.  "Will you do it or not?'

Ivy drops her eyes to the floor and says, "Yes."

------ End of Part 5




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Tale - Part 6

Warning: This chapter might prove disturbing to those with sensitive natures and
weak stomachs.

"You say that my way of thinking cannot be tolerated? What of it? The man who
alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool. My way of thinking is the
result of my reflections. It is part of my inner being, the way I am made. I do
not contradict them, and would not even if I wished to. For my system, which you
disapprove of, is also my greatest comfort in life, the source of all my
happiness --- it means more to me than my life itself."

----- Marquis de Sade

"If the bloodbath must come, then let's get on with it!"

----- Ronald W. Reagan



Fourteen year-old Ivy, prisoner of the Thanatos Society, looks deeply into the
eyes of Linda, her cousin and fellow sex-slave.

Is this how I'm going to look in a year she asks herself.  Her beautiful cousin
is only a year older than Ivy but twelve months as her father's slave has
reduced her to a scarred and broken but still beautiful teen.  In fact in the
eyes of members of the Society the scars and brands have made her even more
beautiful than ever.

As three video camera operators close in on the two girls, Ivy's Uncle Frederick
speaks up.  "I'm going to remove the gag from my daughter's mouth so that she
and you can say good by to each other."

Otto unbuckles the strap holding Linda's spiked ball-gag in place, removes it
and wipes away the blood that oozes from the corners of her mouth.

Tears run down Ivy 's cheeks as she gazes at her cousin whom she has been told
to kill.

"Oh Ivy," whispers Linda.  "Please kill me.  I can't endure another day of this
pain.  My father is a monster and I'd rather die than serve him.  Besides, he's
tired of me and has threatened to send me to one of his colleagues in Bolivia
where I'll be a slave in a tin mine by day and the miners' fuck toy at night.  I
can't live like that.  You'll do me a favour by killing me right now."

Despite this desperate encouragement Ivy does not feel capable of murdering her
cousin.

Her uncle interrupts her thoughts.  "Enough of this happy reunion.  What I want
you to do Ivy is gut my daughter like the pig she is.  I want to see her guts on
the floor in the next few minutes or it's your entrails I'll be running my
fingers through."

Otto hands Ivy a large knife with a curved blade.  It's the kind of knife that
is worn with classic Arab robes.  The blade is razor sharp.

His colleague has rolled a heavy table onto the small stage.  It has snap rings
and short chains at each corner.

"Before I die, Daddy," says Linda.  "Will let me suck your cock one last time?"

As she says this Linda makes eye contact with Ivy.

"Why my dear little fuck wad!" exclaims her father.  "I'm touched.  What a
wonderful idea.  Now your not offering to do this to prolong your life are you?"

"Oh no, Daddy.  I just want to give you pleasure one more time before I die."

"All right dear, get up on the table, lie on your back and hang your head over
the end," he orders.

Linda does as she is told.  Her wrists are fixed to the top corners of the table
and her ankles to the bottom.  Her head hangs over its edge facing her father.

Uncle Frederick addresses his niece as he releases his cock from his trousers.. 
"Ivy, I want you to give me a hand here."

Ivy grasps his semi-hard penis and strokes it.  It quickly swells to its full
eight-inch length.

"Now Ivy I want you to guide my prick into Linda's mouth.  Pay attention to what
I am doing and when I give you the word, I want you to slit open your cousin's
belly, reach in and pull out her guts."

Of course Ivy is revolted at the idea of doing this vile thing but remembers
that if she does not do it to her cousin, her cousin will do it to her.  She
nods in abject surrender.

Strangely, Linda is not struggling.  She calmly opens her mouth and lets Ivy
guide her father's penis into its warm but bloody confines.

Uncle Frederick pushes the entire length of his member into her.  He then
withdraws it part way.  His dick glistens with the blood that has seeped from
Linda's injured mouth.

He slowly pushes his penis into his daughter one more time.  Ivy is looking into
Linda's eyes.  It seems to her that her cousin is trying to tell her something
but what is it?

Her uncle continues his slow ravishment of his daughter.  Linda's throat swells
as Frederick pushes his fleshy rod deep into her.

Suddenly Ivy realizes what Linda is trying to tell her.  She grasps the curved
knife tightly.

"Get ready Ivy," her uncle orders.  "I'm about to cum.  When I do I want you to
gut this cunt.

Ivy watches closely as Linda's neck swells and goes back to normal as her
father's cock pumps her throat.

When her uncle's cock is lodged so far into his daughter that his balls are
resting against her eyeballs Ivy acts.

Instead of plunging the knife into her cousin's soft belly she draws it quickly
across her throat.  She knows that this is what Linda was trying to communicate
to her wordlessly.

The razor-sharp blade easily slices through the flesh of the fifteen year-old
captive.  Her carotid artery is severed and blood sprays out of the gash like
water from a garden hose.  Ivy and her uncle are soaked in her cousin's hot
blood.

Uncle Frederick shrieks in surprise and pain.  As his daughter continues her
death spasm he pull his cock from her mouth.  He looks aghast as he examines his
shrinking penis.  While slicing her cousin's throat Ivy has managed to cut the
top of her uncles cock just behind the glans.

Otto quickly disarms Ivy, drops the knife on the floor and holds the naked teen
tightly as she thrashes about.

"You bastard!" she shouts at her Uncle.  "I hope your bleed to death.!!"

Uncle Edward is bent over, whimpering softly as he examines the cut on his
penis.

Otto struggles to hold Ivy.  Her skin is slippery with her cousin's blood.

As Linda's death spasms end Frederick looks at Ivy with fiery hatred.

"You little cunt.  You tried to cut my dick off!" he bellows as her lurches
towards his niece.  "I'm going to kill you!"

Her uncle grabs Ivy by the throat but before he can crush her larynx John pulls
him away.  The giant easily subdues the enraged man who struggles vainly in his
arms.  Blood continues to seep from his cut penis.

Edward's shriek of pain and surprise brought Master Saunders, the manager of the
Society, running.

"Now Master Edward," he admonishes.  "Get control of yourself.  We can't let you
kill Ivy.  At least not now.  You're too angry and will kill her too quickly.
Besides, you're not the last person to bid for her after all.  Master Grimaldi
has just arrived and wants the opportunity to inspect Ivy so if you want to kill
her so badly, then submit a generous bid and maybe you'll end up owning her. 
Once you do, you can do what you want to her."

Edward has calmed down.  The cut on his dick is merely a scratch.  His rage has
turned into cold fury.  John releases him and he coolly walks up to Ivy who is
still being held by Otto.

 "My dear young niece," her smiles.  "I'm going to bid twice the amount that I
had originally intended because I want to own your pretty young ass.  And when I
do I'm going to hold a party and you will be the guest of honour.  First, you're
going to service all the guests and then I'm going to arrange for you to be gang
raped by a pack of hounds.  Then I think I'll see how long it takes to roast you
alive using only a Bic lighter."

As he talks, Ivy's uncle moves his hand over her breasts and belly, smearing
Linda's blood over the girl's skin like finger-paint.

"Just one last thing before I go," he announces as he steps away from Ivy and
pick the knife up from the floor.

Ivy braces herself for another attack, but Uncle Edward doesn't approach her. 
Instead he walks to the table where his dead daughter lies. He pinches the
girl's left nipple and quickly slices it off of her breast.  Putting the bloody
prize on the table he reaches over and deftly slices off her other nipple.  He
puts down the blade and picks up the first fleshy nubbin.  Walking up to Ivy, he
instructs her to spread her legs.  At first she does not respond, but Otto
twists her left arm behind her back and she complies.  Without another word her
uncle stuffs his daughter's severed nipple up his niece's cunt.  Ivy opens her
mouth in astonishment and Edward places the other bloody nipple on her tongue
before she has a chance to shut it.

"Eat it," he orders.

Ivy wants to spit the nipple out but is beginning to learn that at Thanatos
Manor disobedience results in even more horrible punishment.  The nipple is too
large to swallow whole so Ivy is forced to chew it up before she gulps it down.

Her stomach heaves with revulsion but she manages to keep from vomiting.

"You seem to have enjoyed that tender morsel," remarks Uncle Edward.  "I must
try some myself."

He shoves two fingers into Ivy's cunt and pulls out his dead daughter's pink
nubbin.  "Just keeping it warm," he jokes.  He then pops it into his mouth and
begins to chew.

":MMmm...mm!  Delicious!" he says.  "I really hope that my bid for you is
successful..  Once you're mine I'll eat your nipples too.  Only I'll cook them
while they're still part of your lovely breasts."

As he leaves to submit his bid, Uncle Edward tells Master Saunders that he can
give Linda's corpse to the chefs of Thanatos Manor to make into sausages for the
slaves who are kept on the property.

After her uncle has gone, Ivy is once again suspended from the wheeled metal
frame so that Otto and John can wash the blood off of her body and make her
ready for the final bidder.

After she has been washed clean Otto spreads baby oil over every inch of her
body so that her flawless skin glistens under the bright lights of the Manor. 

While Otto cleans her, one member of the staff wheels away the bloody table
containing the remains of her cousin while another washes the blood from the
floor. 

Otto releases Ivy from the cleaning frame.  Ivy steps down from apparatus. 
Unfortunately for her the bottoms of her bare feet are coated with baby oil and
her foot slips out from under her.  Before she hits the hard floor Otto grabs
her by the arm and steadies her. He tightly grips her elbow while they await the
arrival of the mysterious Master Grimaldi.

Ivy no longer struggles or attempts to escape.  She knows that to do so is
futile and will only result in further pain and degradation.  So she stands
quietly, her naked body glistening with oil.  In a moment she can hear the
tinkle of small bells.  Several people whisper excitedly that Master Grimaldi
and his entourage is coming.

In a moment the attention of all present in the foyer is drawn to an incredible
sight emerging from one of the hallways that lead into the large room..

A tall man is being borne in on a sedan chair.  Only this chair is unlike any
Ivy has ever seen in books or movies.  For one thing the "chair' is really an
open platform.  Master Grimaldi sits in the centre of this platform upon a
padded bench.  The bench has no legs.  Instead a naked girl who kneels at each
of its corners is holding it up.  The girl's are not much older than Ivy. 
Supporting the large man must be very difficult for the teenagers are bathed in
sweat.  While each girl's arms and legs tremble with effort she dare not put
down her burden as slender chains run from a ring in the bench to a similar ring
in the nipple of each of her breasts. To drop or lower the bench would result in
torn and bleeding breast meat.

As the procession draws near, Ivy can see that Master Grimaldi is indeed a giant
of a man.  His head is shaved but he wears a pointed beard.  To Ivy he looks
like the Devil. In his left had, he hold a short whip and in his right, a single
handle attached to two bright red leather leashes.  The end of one leash is
fastened to the heavy spiked collar fitted to the neck a large Irish wolfhound. 
The huge dog sits quietly at his master's feet.  A similar but smaller collar at
the end of the second leash is tightly fastened around the neck of Grimaldi's
other pet - a naked young girl.  Ivy can see that the beautiful blond can't be
much older than ten or eleven years of age. Only her nipples stick out from her
nearly flat chest and her pubic mound is completely without hair.  . She kneels
beside the dog. The kneeling girl and the sitting dog are about the same height
but it is apparent that the dog probably weighs twice as much as she does. Both
the girl and the beast look straight ahead.

As the procession draws near, Ivy can see what is making the bell-like sounds.

Sixteen naked teenaged girls are carrying the platform upon which Master
Grimaldi and his pets sit.   The bizarre sedan "chair" rests on two long wooden
rails.  Four girls struggle to support each end of the rail.  Like Grimaldi's
pets and human bench supports, his bearers are naked.    They appear to be in
their mid to late teens as their breasts are fully developed and their cunts are
shaved naked.  A golden ring pierces the nipples and labia of each girl.  A thin
chain is attached to each nipple ring.  The two chains are connected to a
slightly larger ring that rests just above the navel of each slave.  A single
chain leads from that ring down through the cunt ring and up to a small eyebolt
screwed into side of the wooden support rail.  If a girl were to drop her burden
her nipples and cunt lips would be torn open.  A bizarre touch to this vehicle
of pain is the fact that tiny bells hang from the nipple and cunt ring of each
beautiful girl.

Soon the procession reaches the platform where Ivy is waiting.  The sixteen
girls drop to their knees and carefully lay their burden down.  They cannot
move, as they remain chained to the wooden rails.

Master Grimaldi stands up.  The dog and girl on the leash get to their feet. 
Grimaldi is wearing black leather pants and a black silk shirt.  He wears black
boots similar to those worn by Ivy's parents when they raped and tortured her. 
Was it only last night that this nightmare began?

Grimaldi and his pets step off the platform and approach Ivy.  He is well over
six and a half feet in height and towers over the captive teen.  He unfastens
the leashes on both the wolfhound and the girl.  The young slave stands meekly
by while the dog approaches Ivy and begins to sniff her cunt.  Ivy tries to back
away but Otto holds her still.  Grimaldi smiles.

"My hound likes the smell of young and bloody cunt," announces Grimaldi.  He has
a deep voice and speaks English with a cultured Italian accent.

He continues.  "I watched the video of you being broken by your parents.  It was
broadcast up to my jet as I was flying here.  I was impressed by the amount of
pain you could endure without fainting.  After what your parents did to you,
your uterus must be bruised from your cunt lips to your cervix.  I think you
might make a delightful addition to my bevy of slaves."

As the Italian spoke his dog continues to bump his snout into Ivy's vagina.  He
makes loud snuffling sounds as he sniffs her girl flesh.  Soon his large, wet
tongue is lapping at the opening of the slit between her legs.

"If I buy you, one of your duties will be to 'look after' my dog Prince,"
Grimaldi declares.  He points to the naked eleven-year-old.  "Sally here is a
little young to "look after" him properly."

Grimaldi looks over at John who is standing by and asks him and Otto to assist
in a demonstration of the kind of care Ivy would be expected to give Prince.

"Sally, get Prince ready," he orders. 

John has grasped the huge hound by its collar and has pulled it away from Ivy's
crotch.  The dog begins to growl until it realizes what's in store for it for
Sally is kneeling behind him.  As John hold the wolfhound steady Sally reaches
between the dog's hind legs and begins caressing his penis.  The beast whimpers
as the little girl's hand strokes the bright red organ with her left hand.  Soon
Prince's cock begins to swell.

Ivy stares aghast at the sight of a naked little girl masturbating the shaggy
canine.  Obviously Sally has done this before.  When Prince's penis has engorged
to a length of eight inches she deftly lifts his tail and rotates his cock
between his hind legs so that it is pointing out behind him.  John uses his
other hand to hold Prince's tail up while Sally scurries around so that she is
kneeling behind the tall dog.  She continues to stroke the penis.  Ivy cannot
believe her eyes, as the red cock grows even larger.  As it lengthens under the
talented hand of the naked girl, the end of the cock begins to swell until it
forms a bulbous head.  Without hesitation, Sally bends forward and licks the
clear fluid that drips from the end of the dog's cock.  She opens her tiny mouth
as wide as she can and envelops the end of Prince's organ with her lips.  The
dog whimpers and shakes as the naked girl sucks his cock.  Soon the dog's cock
slime is dripping from Sally's chin onto the floor.

Grimaldi says that he thinks Prince is ready.  Otto turns Ivy around and forces
her onto her knees.  He pushes her head to the floor so that her naked bum is in
the air.  Sally lets Prince's cock escape her mouth with a pop.  John lets go of
the dog.  Immediately the wolfhound is on top of Ivy.  She can barely support
his heavy weight.  The dog is so large that his forepaws extend beyond Ivy's
shoulders.  Ivy can feel him battering at her cunt lips with his cock.  Sally
kneels beside Ivy and the dog and grasps the animal's huge, dripping organ.  She
guides it to the opening of Ivy's vagina.  With a mighty thrust the hound pushes
his cock into her uterus.  Ivy screams out in pain.  It feels like she is being
fucked with the fat end of a baseball bat.  In fact, Princes cock is slightly
larger than the end of a baseball bat.

Ivy suffers the agony of physical pain as the huge dog's cock ravages the
bruised and torn lining of her cunt.  She also suffers the humiliation of
knowing all eyes are on her as a giant Irish Wolfhound rapes her tender body.

The dog continues to pound his cock into her ravaged flesh.  At a signal from
Grimaldi, John pulls Prince backwards.  Ivy screams as the huge animal's cock is
brutally pulled from her vagina.  The dog is howling with excitement as John
raises the dog's forelegs and lets them rest on his shoulders.  Sally quickly
kneels between John and the beast.  She grabs the dog's dripping cock and puts
it in her mouth.  She begins to suck.  In a few moments the animal yelps and
penis begins spewing its hot load of sperm into the eleven year-old girls mouth. 
Her cheeks bulge as she fights to retain the copious load.  Prince continues to
pump sperm into her face so that twin ribbons of dog cum leak from the corners
of her mouth.

While this was going on Otto flips Ivy over so that she lies on her back on the
cold floor of the foyer.  After a few moments the large dog seems to settle down
and its cock begins to deflate in Sally's mouth.  She carefully lets the red
member slip from her lips.  She slowly stands up and walks over to Ivy.  She
kneels down beside Ivy's head.  The fourteen year-old can see that Sally's
cheeks still bulge.

While Prince is busily licking his now deflated cock, Master Grimaldi tells Ivy
to open her mouth.  Ivy does not immediately respond so Sally viciously pinches
the teen's nipple.  Ivy opens her mouth.  The eleven year-old slave lets go of
the nipple and bends over so that her face is directly over Ivy's.  Her lips
part and a long ribbon of pearly dog sperm flows out of mouth and into Ivy's. 
Ivy gags as the foul tasting slime fills her mouth.  She refuses to swallow and
soon her mouth is full of dog cum.  Soon Sally is finished transferring the
slime and she gets to her feet.

Otto forces Ivy to her feet.  Her mouth is still full of Prince's jism.

"Open your mouth," Grimaldi orders. 

Ivy does as she is told.  Grimaldi smiles when he sees that the teen's teeth and
tongue are bathed in pearly dog cum.

"Now swallow."

Ivy tilts her head back and allows the ghastly liquid to course down her throat.

"Fine.  I think you'll make a wonderful friend for Prince," Grimaldi declares.

Ivy shudders at the thought of being repeatedly raped by the wolfhound for years
to come.

"Prince and Sally have just one more trick to show you before we leave," the
Italian announces.

Once again Ivy finds herself forced to lie on her back on the cold marble floor
of the foyer of Thanatos Manor.

Tiny Sally leads the huge dog over to where Ivy lies.

"Open wide," the girl orders.

Remembering how Sally got her to open her mouth before, Ivy does as she orders.

The wolfhound stands beside Ivy facing her feet.  He lifts his hind leg and
directs an acrid stream of piss right onto the naked teen's face.  The smelly
yellow liquid hits her with the force of a garden hose.  Her eyes sting and her
mouth quickly fills and overflows.  After what seems an eternity the dog is
finished.  He lowers his leg and lopes away.  Ivy remains of the floor.  Her
face, hair and breasts are covered in dog urine. 

Before she can recover, Sally straddles Ivy's head.  She squats down so that her
hairless vagina is inches from her face.

"Open your mouth and keep it open," orders Master Grimaldi.

Once again Ivy does as ordered.  After all, if she can endure being pissed on by
a dog, she can endure the same from a young girl

Ivy stares into the Sally's crotch.  Suddenly the young girl releases a stream
of hot yellow pee in her face.  While disgusting, Ivy is sure that she can put
up with this ordeal.  Prince's piss was much more copious and revolting than
Ivy's.  In a few short moments, Sally is finished.  Ivy closes her mouth and
swallows the last of the young girl's urine.

Ivy is expecting Sally to stand up, but instead she continues to squat over her
face.

"Open up again," Grimaldi instructs.  "Sally is not finished showing you what
she can do"

Bewildered, Ivy stares at the exposed vagina and anus of the little girl-slave.

Ivy cries out in despair as she sees Sally's anus slowly widens and a cylinder
of slimy brown shit slides out of her ass.  Her nose is assailed by the
revolting smell and she begins to gag.

"Keep you fucking mouth open, or you'll regret it!" Grimaldi shouts.

In a few seconds the turd has extended three inches out of the little girl's
bum.  It is only one or two inches from Ivy's lips.  Suddenly the log of shit
falls directly into Ivy's mouth.

"Just pretend it's an Oh Henry bar," jokes Grimaldi, "chew it up and swallow
it."

By now Ivy can take no more.  However she cannot move as both John and Otto are
forcing her shoulders down on the floor.

Ivy wants to die.  She lies naked with her mouth full of a little girl's shit. 
Her stomach is convulsing and she knows that if she tries to swallow the shit
she will vomit it out.  She also knows that if she vomits, she will be forced to
eat that.

Ivy chews the horrible crap and swallows.  As she chews a second turd drops onto
her face.

Sally stands up and kneels beside Ivy's head.  Using both hands she smears her
shit over the fourteen year-old's face.  Soon her face is completely coated with
shit.

Sally stands up and walks over to her Master.

Otto and John lift Ivy to her feet.

Before Ivy can wipe at the excrement on her face, Otto has fastened her hands
behind her back with handcuffs.

One of the other attendants rolls an apparatus onto Ivy's platform of pain and
humiliation.

While Master Grimaldi is entering his bid in the book, Master Saunders arrives
and announces to the audience that the auction is over and that the bids will be
counted.  It might take a while to establish the winning bid as each bidder will
be asked if he would be willing to give Ivy to the Society in one year to be the
star of a snuff film. As a result, it would probably be an hour before the
winner was determined.

"While we wait, we're going to make Ivy as comfortable as she deserves to be,"
Saunders concludes.

Otto leads Ivy to the new apparatus- the Torture Horse.  The naked teen with the
shit smeared face looks at the simple device.  It is made of two plywood boards
measuring six feet by four feet.  They are laying on their sides.  The edges on
the floor stand about three feet apart.  The two boards lean against each other
so that together they resemble a wooden pup tent.  Ivy notices that along the
upper edge of the structure, where the two boards meet a long strip of wood has
been fastened.  As a result, the wooden structure comes to a sharp point.  Like
the boards themselves, the strip has not been sanded and is covered with many
sharp splinters of wood.

Ivy stands with Otto on her left and John on her right.  The two men grab her
and lift her over the wooden structure.  With one hand supporting her arm and
the other holding her leg both men lower Ivy onto the rough edge of the device. 
They spread her legs wide so that the splintery edge comes in contact with the
tender skin of her cunt.

Ivy whines as the slivers of wood tear at her tender flesh.  With her hands
cuffed behind her back she cannot use them to lift herself off of the wooden
horse.   Otto tells Ivy that they must make sure that she does not throw herself
off of the torture device after they let go of her.  While her holds her down on
the edge of the two boards, John wheels a metal frame beside Ivy.  The frame is
made of metal pipes and is shaped like a gallows.  He moves the frame so that
its horizontal upper arm is three feet above and one foot in front of Ivy.  Two
tiny winches have been fastened to the bottom of the upper arm from which hang
two strands of thin fishing line.  A large fishing hook dangles from each line. 

Ivy is squirming as the splintery wood digs into her cunt and ass.

"This should encourage you to keep still," announces John.  He and Otto take
hold of a fishhook and pull it down until it is level with the fourteen year-old
prisoner's nipples.  Ivy screams as each man presses the point of the hook into
the bottom of a nipple.  Each forces the point of the hook out through the top
of her nipple.

The sadists work quickly to crank winches, tightening the slack on the fishing
lines.  They stop only when Ivy is forced to arch her back in an effort to
relieve the pull of the hooks on her breasts.  Despite this both her nipples
have been stretched more than an inch from her breasts.

Tears of pain are coursing down her shit stained face while blood leaks from her
punctured nipples.

She cries and cries.  She cannot help it even though she knows that the cries of
a young girl in pain are music to the ears of the members of the Thanatos
Society.

Otto and John are not finished.  Each man grabs one of Ivy's feet.  They force
her to bend her knees up so that they are near her ears and her feet are at the
same level as her bruised cunt.  Working quickly the two men loop a thin nylon
cord around each of Ivy's big toes.  Each ties the other end of the cord to the
crossbar over her head.  Ivy cannot straighten her legs and is forced to bear
her weight on only her crotch.

She now balances precariously on the sharp edge of the torture horse.

Otto bend down to make sure that the splintery wood is well and truly forces
into Ivy's vagina.

"One last thing to make sure you don't get off," he whispers.

Using his left hand he runs his finger between the between the lips of her
vagina and her uterus.  Pressing the pink flesh of her uterine lips against the
wood, he shows Ivy what he is holding in his right hand.  It's a small staple
gun.  He pushes the machine against her inner cunt lip and pulls the handle,
forcing a small staple through her flesh and into the wood of the plywood board. 
Ivy screams even louder as he passes the staple gun over to John who brutally
fastens her cunt flesh to the other side of the torture horse.

Blood flows down each side of the plywood sheets.

"Just so you don't get too lonely while you wait to see who your owner will,
we're going to let you have some company," John announces.

Otto takes a bucket containing a solution of water and sugar and pours it over
Ivy.  At least the water washes away much of the shit on her face.

Her tormentor takes a clear plastic box about the size of a shoebox and places
it in a bracket on the edge of the torture horse in front of Ivy.  She is
horrified to see that the box is teeming with fire ants.

Otto opens a small door near the bottom of the box and soon the ugly little ants
start pouring out.

After five minutes Ivy's cries of agony have reached a new high.  Her body is
covered with thousands of fire ants.  They are on her torso and her face.  Some
have crawled into her cunt and ass and are sinking their fangs into her bruised
and tender flesh.  Others are crawling over her breasts, stinging and biting her
nipples.

For forty-five minutes Ivy endures this agony.

Master Saunders approaches Ivy and calls for the attention of the Members of the
Society.  As he does so, Otto inserts a ball gag into Ivy's mouth so that her
screams and moans don't drown out the announcement.

"Gentlemen, the auction is over and I am pleased to announce a winner.

"It might surprize you to know that none of the persons who personally inspected
Ivy was successful.  Instead, a man who saw Ivy's torture at the hands of her
parents submitted the highest bid by means of a fax machine.

"I'm pleased to announce that the successful bid was $750,000.00.  The owner of
the meat puppet known as Innocent Ivy is none other than Master Maximillian
Parker, the owner of the Bambino Bordellos."

Many in the audience cheered at the news.  They were very familiar with the
international chain of whorehouses that employed youngsters no older than
fifteen years of age.  Many realized that at fourteen, Ivy would only be able to
work for a few months before she was tortured to death in one of the orgies of
pain that the Bambino Bordellos were famous for.

Ivy was near mad with pain and did not understand her fate.  Otto and John began
to release her from the Torture Horse.

Considering what Ivy will have to endure to ensure that Master Parker got a
return on his investment in a short time almost made Otto feel sorry for the
little cunt.

To be continued.




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - Part 7

"I've already told you: the only way to a woman's heart is along the path of
torment. I know none other as sure."

			------------------- Marquis de Sade (1740-1814)

After Innocent Ivy is released from the Torture Horse.  She is immediately
brought to the Thanatos Infirmary where the wooden splinters are removed from
her inner thighs and vagina.  Then she is bathed and her minor wounds covered
with a healing balm developed in the laboratories of the Society.  The flesh of
a healthy fourteen year-old girl heals quickly.  While the exhausted girl sleeps
in a comfortable hospital her skin recover completely.  Even her nipples that
had been stung by dozens of fire ants return to perky pink perfection.  Her skin
heals however her damaged psyche produces nightmares in which she relives the
horrors of her first day in Thanatos Manor.

The beautiful captive has been sleeping for twelve hours.  Mistress Gloria wakes
her up.

"Come on Ivy," she briskly orders.  "It's time for to get you ready for your
journey."

The teen slowly opens her beautiful blue eyes.

Gloria continues.  "First you're to receive a complete medical then you can have
breakfast.  So let's go"

Ivy is famished and quickly slides out of bed.  She is still completely naked.

Mistress Gloria leads her out of her room and down the hall to a medical
examining room.

A kindly looking older man in a white coat is sitting at a desk and reading a
medical file.  He has a stethoscope draped around his neck.

"Doctor Steele," Gloria says.  "I've brought Innocent Ivy here for her
physical."

The old man looks up from his reading and gazes at the naked teenager.

"Ah yes!" he says in a soft British accent.  "Young Ivy.  I hope you are well
rested.  I daresay you appear to be in remarkably fine fettle when one considers
what you've recently endured."

He stands and orders Ivy to hop up on the examining table in the middle of the
room.

The girl quickly obeys.

Assisted by Mistress Gloria the old doctor takes Ivy's temperature and blood
pressure.  Ivy is relieved when her temperature is taken using an electronic ear
thermometer.  She had feared that the old physician would stick a rectal
thermometer up her sore bum.

"Yes, you appear to be in excellent physical health, all things considered," he
smiles

He instructs Ivy to stand up under a bright ceiling light while he inspects her
skin.  As he walks around her caressing her skin, he says to Mistress Gloria
that many of the fourteen-year-old's puncture wounds have completely disappeared
thanks to the quick healing properties of the Thanatos Balm.

Indeed it is true.  Ivy's skin looks as flawless as it had been before her
parents began her ordeal of torture and humiliation.  There are even no traces
of the wounds caused when her grandmother slid an eight-inch long needle through
the base of each of her granddaughter's small breasts.

"Hop back up on the examining table," orders the old physician as Gloria fixes
stirrup to the one end of the bench.

Ivy lies down on the table and does not resist when Gloria places her legs into
the stirrups.  The older woman then straps the teen's knees to the cold metal.

"I just want to give you a quick internal examination," the doctor says as he
sits on a stool at the end of the table between her open legs.

He gently spreads the lips of her labia.  "Do you see Mistress Gloria.  Even the
puncture wounds made when her vaginal lips were stapled to the Torture Horse
have almost healed completely.  That healing unguent is miraculous.  I
understand that the Thanatos Society is going to market it to the general public
next year through a pharmaceutical company owned by one of our members.  The
profits will be poured into the Society's "Innocent Ivy" development program."

He stands and looks at Ivy.  "Just imagine, my dear, hundreds of young girls
just like yourself raised by "loving" parents to be grist for the Society's
torture mills."

Ivy is speechless as the old doctor picks up a speculum up and uses it to open
Ivy's cunt.  He shines a bright light into her.  Ivy shudders as the ice-cold
metal pushes against her flesh.  He must store that in a freezer, she thinks.

"Oh my goodness," he says with what sounds like genuine concern.  "The poor
girl's vagina looks like a raw steak.  Most of the abrasions have healed but the
wall of her uterus is one large bruise.  My dear, does it hurt as badly as it
looks?" He removes the speculum and replaces it on an instrument table.

"Yes it does," Ivy whispers, gritting her teeth as the doctor inserts a
forefinger into her vagina.

"Oh my," he exclaims.  "Even your wonderful little clitoris is bruised."

Ivy screams as the kindly looking old man presses down on her clitty with his
thumb while pressing up with the finger in her cunt.

The old man smiles at Gloria.  "The screams of a young girl in pain certainly
float my boat."

He lets go of Ivy's cunt and spreads her ass cheeks.

"I just want to take a look at your bum hole, dear."

Shining a light on the bud-like sphincter her remarks that it's in remarkably
good shape considering what's been done to it.

"It's a bit bruised but otherwise in good shape."

He switches off the light and stands up.  He takes a syringe from the table.

"My dear," he says.  "You've been forced to eat a lot of pretty disgusting stuff
since you got to the Manor so I am going to give you a shot of antibiotics.  We
don't want you getting sick just when you are going to start your career with
the Bambino Bordellos.

"Now Ivy, normally I would inject this in a patient's buttock.  In your case,
because you are not a human but merely a flesh dolly, I will inject it in a more
sensitive part of your body.  However, since I'm a nice person I'll let you
decide where I should put the needle.  Do you want it in your left nipple or
your right? Quick now, decide."

Ivy hesitates.  She was a fool to think that this doctor was different from any
other member of the Thanatos Society.

"Please don't inject my nipple....EEAAGHHHH!!!"

"Too slow," says the doctor calmly as he slides the needle through her clitoris
and into the soft tissue of her pubic mound.

Ivy screams more loudly as the antibiotic burns through her flesh.

The nude captive whimpers on the examining table as Dr Steele makes notes in her
medical file while announcing to Mistress Gloria that Ivy is as healthy as a
horse.

"She should be very well in the Bordello," he declares.  "Even if she ends up in
the infamous House of Pain."

He finishes his notes, puts down the file and stands between Ivy's legs.  He
gently strokes her thigh while unzipping his fly.  He takes out his engorged
cock.

The old man is hung like a horse.

Addressing Mistress Gloria he says he always finds it arousing to slide a needle
into a teenager's cunt flesh.  He then places the tip of his cock in the
entrance of Ivy's vagina and slides it all the way in until it hits the end of
her bruised cervix.

Ivy grunts with pain while  the old man saws in and out of her.  In a few
moments Dr Steele groans and empties his seventy year-old balls into her
fourteen year-old cunt.  He withdraws his organ and zips up while his
yellow-while sperm leaks out of Ivy's snatch to form a small puddle on the brown
leather pad of the examining table.

Mistress Gloria unties the straps holding Ivy's knees and orders the young girl
to stand up.

The teen stands, shivering.  She has lost count of the number of times mouth and
cunt have been raped since arriving at the Manor.

"Thank you Doctor," says Mistress Gloria.  "I'm sure Master Parker will be happy
to receive this cunt with a clean bill of health."

Turning to Ivy she points to the puddle of cum resting on the examining table.

"Look what you've done, you sloppy girl," she admonishes.  Now lick it up before
I take you to the for breakfast."

Ivy is resigned to her fate and bends to her task.  With a few licks of her pink
tongue the cold sperm and cunt juice disappears down her throat.


Ivy leaves the examining room and is taken by Mistress Gloria to the slaves'
"dining room".

Ivy is astonished to see about a dozen slaves in the room.  They are all girls
ranging in age from seven to eighteen.  Like Ivy they are naked although some of
them are adorned with "body jewellery" - nipple and labia rings.  While there
are tables in the dining room, all of the slaves are kneeling at a large trough. 
Their hands are shackled behind their backs so they are forced to push their
faces into what looks like loose porridge.

As Mistress Gloria leads Ivy to one of the tables she explains that the slaves
are eating gruel fortified with nutrients, antibiotics, stimulants and, of
course, bull sperm..

"You do not have to eat that," she states as she orders naked Ivy to sit down. 
"Your new owner has instructed that you be given a complete and unadulterated
breakfast."

Ivy is relieved to hear the word "unadulterated".  She remembers with revulsion
the last breakfast she was forced to eat. - pancakes swimming in piss, sausages
coated with the blood of her own cunt and milk diluted with more urine.

  An almost identical breakfast is put before the girl.  This time the milk is
cold and refreshing and the whole-wheat pancakes are swimming in real maple
syrup.  There are also two sunny side up eggs on the plate.  Before she begins
the hot breakfast, Ivy is given a large bowl of All Bran.  The hungry girl eats
it eagerly.

She quickly finishes the cereal and picks up her plastic knife and fork and
tears into the hot breakfast.  (She is forced to use plastic implements.  The
Society doesn't want her to kill herself now that she has been sold.)

The food is delicious but when Ivy cuts a piece of egg and puts it into her
mouth she is shocked to taste the now familiar flavour of sperm.

Mistress Gloria notes her surprised look.  "The chef jerked off onto your eggs. 
You should be honoured to eat his sperm, so finish up.  We've got to get you
ready for your journey to the new Bambino Bordello in St. Petersburg.  Master
Parker is there now supervising the opening of this whorehouse and wants you
there for the grand opening.

Ivy finishes her meal and is brought to a large bathroom where she is given an
enema and  is told to douche.  She then showers as instructed using scented body
wash and expensive shampoo and conditioner.

She dries off with a fluffy towel and is then led to another room where her
raven hair is dried and put up in a French Braid.

Gloria then leads the naked teen to a room that contains large packing crates.

"The trip to St. Petersburg will be by rail.  You will travel through the
Chunnel to Paris and then go on to the Russian capital.  Because of connecting
trains the whole trip will take four days.  The car you will be in will be on a
siding in Paris for a day before your trip resumes.  Your new owner doesn't want
you to grow bored on your long trip and has left detailed instructions regarding
how you will be prepared for this journey."

She brings Ivy to a plywood box.  It is the size of a very large coffin.  It has
no lid.  On the bottom of the crate is a black rubber pad that is covered with
sharp rubber studs. Short adjustable chains that end in iron manacles are bolted
to the wood at the head and foot of the coffin.

Lara and Oksana, the twin Russian teenaged slaves who assisted Mistress Gloria
to prepare Ivy for the horrors of the silent auction have returned to help her
now.  Ivy notices that the pert bums of both girls are covered in blue-black
bruises.  It appears that she was not the only one to suffer at the hands of the
Thanatos Society.

Lara is holding a black bondage helmet that she hands to Ivy.

"Put that on," instructs Gloria.

Ivy unzips the back of the helmet and places it over her face.  It tightly
covers her entire head.  Lara helps to adjust it so that Ivy can see out of the
eyeholes and breath out of the mouth and nose holes.  As the Russian zips the
helmet closed Ivy's face begins to sweat.  Hanging beneath each eyehole is a
leather circle that can be flipped up and fastened over Ivy's eyes, blinding
her.

"Step into the coffin and lie down on your back," orders the dominatrix.

Ivy does as she is told.  As soon as she steps on the rubber mat the sharp studs
dig painfully into the bottoms of her feet.  When she lies down those same studs
press into her back and bum.

Ivy's heart sinks as she realizes that she is to be manacled inside this box for
four days.

She panics when Lara and Oksana force her to raise her long legs up.  The two
teen slaves bend Ivy's legs back so that she is bent in two.  Her feet are now
near her ears causing her bum to be the part of her body highest from the floor
of the coffin..  The slaves expertly manacle her ankles to the chains at the end
of the box where her head rests.  Meanwhile Gloria has fastened Ivy's wrists to
the chains at the base of the coffin. The Mistress and her slaves tighten the
chains so that Ivy cannot move.

Ivy moans as her back is pushed into the sharp rubber studs of the floor pad. 
She is bent in two at her waist and chained in that position.

She panics when she grasps that they intend to leave her like this for the
entire trip to St. Petersburg.

But her tormentors are not finished packing her.  Gloria takes a short, thick
black rubber hose from a table upon which rests a bowl containing a thick, red
liquid.  She holds the hose before Ivy.  Looking between her stretches legs, Ivy
can see that the tube is Y-shaped.  One end of the flexible pipe is split into
two narrower hoses.  At the wide end of the hose is a hard plastic tube.  A
leather collar has been fastened to this it about one-inch from its open end. 
The two smaller hoses at the other end have similar plastic tubes fastened to
them.  One is very thin while the other is somewhat wider.

 "Ivy, my dear," smiles Gloria cruelly.  "You're going on a four day journey. 
We in the Thanatos Society realize that a healthy meat puppet like yourself will
get hungry on your trip.  We are concerned that you don't get too famished so
we've arranged for you to eat the wonderful breakfast you've just had over and
over again.  What is more, my dear, our arrangement will ensure that you don't
make a mess in your crate"

Ivy didn't understand what Gloria was talking about.  How could she possibly eat
the same meal again and again?  Even if they put food in her coffin, her bonds
would make it impossible for her to get it.

Gloria dips the narrow plastic tubes fastened to the two small hoses into the
bowl of thick red liquid.  She makes sure that the entire surfaces of both tubes
are covered.

Oksana and Lara are kneeling at either side of the box.  Each girl spreads Ivy's
ass, revealing her butt hole.

Gloria bends over and pushes the thicker tube into Ivy's ass.

The poor girl wails.

"Oh yes, I should have told you that I coated the tubes with hot pepper and
itching sauce," Gloria reveals.

The two Russian slaves now pry open Ivy's cunt.  Again working quickly, Gloria
places the tip of the thinnest tube into the opening of Ivy's urethra.  Ivy
howls like a wounded animal as the burning plastic is forced into her tender
canal.

Gloria takes advantage of Ivy's cries of pain by shoving the wide plastic tube
at the other end of the hose into the fourteen year-old's open mouth.

Lara and Oksana work to fasten the collar around the plastic tube to the
mouthpiece of Ivy's bondage helmet.  When they are finished there is no way that
Ivy can spit out the plastic tube.

Gloria stands up to admire her handiwork.

Poor Ivy is bent in two at the waist and held in place by heavy chains around
her wrists and ankles.  Cruel rubber studs dig into her back which supports her
entire weight.  Her pelvis is bent so far that Ivy can see the ghastly tubes in
both her ass and cunt.

"We're almost finished, Ivy," announces Gloria.  "Oh by the way, if you think
that you can keep from shitting for four days, you are sorely mistaken.  You
see, we laced your bowl of All-Bran with laxatives."

Ivy's ass and cunt are on fire, but Gloria isn't finished.  She orders her
Russian slaves to hold open Ivy's cunt again.  They do so and the cruel woman
slides a large yellow dildo deep into the unfortunate teen's vagina.

She twists the end of the artificial cock and four metal studs snap out of the
side of the dildo's head and anchor themselves in Ivy's cunt flesh.  No matter
how much she wriggles and squeezes, she will not be able to expel it.

Gloria then flicks one of two switches at the base of the thick cock.  The
entire dildo begins to vibrate.

"The batteries in that fake dick should last for your entire trip." Says Gloria.

She flips a second switch and the hollow tip of the dildo releases a small
stream of burning pepper sauce onto her tender cunt tissue.

"The pump in your new toy will squirt a shot of hot sauce into you every hour. 
That way you won't get bored," Gloria laughs.  "Because your pretty pelvis is
inverted, the hot sauce will flow down towards the opening of your cunt.  By
tomorrow the entire lining of your vagina will be a mass of itching, burning hot
meat.

While she is speaking Oksana and Lara carry the lid of the box and rest it on
the floor. 

"Before we seal your 'coffin', there's just one or two more things to do, "
announces Gloria.  "But before we do it I just want to say what a pleasure it's
been having you as a guest here at Thanatos Manor.  You're a special meat doll. 
Your high pain threshold will allow your new owner to do things to you that he
wouldn't be able to do to his other slaves.  Perhaps we'll meet again.  If we
don't, just take comfort in the knowledge that I'll pray to Satan every night
for you to suffer the torments of hell.

"Now, just in case you get lonely during your trip your new owner has instructed
that you travel with some friends.  Girls introduce Ivy to her travelling
companions."

A naked Russian slave stands at each side of Ivy's coffin.  Each holds a large
plastic container.  Ivy is in so much pain that her eyes are constantly tearing
so she has to blink several times to clear up her vision.

Lara tips her container so that its contents fall onto Ivy's upturned bum. 
Hundreds of large cockroaches land on her butt and scurried over her body.  It
is now Oksana's turn.  The beautiful teen dumps her container of banana slugs
onto Ivy's naked chest.  Close to fifty ten-inch long slugs begin their slimy
journey over her torso, arms and legs.

Lara and her sister then snap the rubber disks over Ivy's eyeholes so that she
is completely blind.  She can't see but she can feel the slugs crawling over her
breasts and belly while the feet of the cockroaches tickle the flesh of her bum
and legs.

Lara kneels beside the coffin and places a Sony Discman on the floor beside
Ivy's head.  The Discman is connected to an external battery back.  She then
fits headphones snugly over the bound teen's ears.

Gloria continues.  "Ivy, your parents informed me that you like music.  Your
mother says that your favourite artist is Britney Spears.  Well as a special
treat we've programmed a Discman to play "I'm a Slave to You" over and over
until you arrive at the Bordello.

The dominatrix nods at Lara who switches the Discman on.  The opening bars of
the song floods loudly into Ivy's head, deafening her.

She can't see or hear the twins place the lid on the coffin but she can feel the
vibrations as they nail it into place.

Ivy's cramped body lay twisted in the coffin as it begins its long journey to
the Russian capital.

Despite her burning cunt and ass and her cramping muscles she can feel the crate
being moved.

Several jolts tell her that her crate had been thrown into the back of a truck.

After a bumpy ride she sensed that the truck stops.  Soon the crate that is her
prison is loaded onto a freight car.  Her long rail journey has begun.

After an hour in the box, Ivy has to pee.  For another hour she tries to
suppress this urge but eventually she gives in.  Her own warm piss floods her
mouth.  She gags but cannot spit it out.  She is forced to swallow it.

The slugs and roaches continue to range freely over her body. 

Several hours later, despite her best efforts, Ivy is forced to move her bowels. 
She shits.  Because her bowels have been moved by a laxative, her faecal matter
is loose and flows freely our of her ass tube, down the hose and fills her
mouth.  She gags and vomits but the puke has nowhere to go but back up the mouth
tube and back into her mouth. 

For two days she recycles her own shit and piss.  By the third day, she is
becoming dehydrated.  Now her shit is thicker.  She is pleasantly surprized to
see that when releases her bowels the shit doesn't flow down the tube.  Perhaps
"pleasant" is the wrong word as by now her entire vagina feels like it's on fire
and the vibrating dildo continues to ejaculate hot, itching liquid into her.

During the third day a large banana slug crawls across Ivy's mask.  It passes
directly over the nose-holes that are the unfortunate teen's only means of
breathing. Ivy panics as slime from the mollusc's body fills her nostrils.  The
slug travels so slowly that Ivy almost blacks out from lack of oxygen.  At last
the slimy creature slides away allowing the teen to breathe.

By the fourth day of her trip she is tormented by a variant of her shit-meals. 
Now when she empties her bowel and fills her ass-tube with her turds, the new
excrement pushes what already is in the tube into her mouth much like toothpaste
when one gently squeeze its tube.

Pain alone keeps poor Ivy conscious.  Her back hurts.  Her wrists and ankles are
chafed raw by the iron manacles.  Her leg muscles are in a continuous locked
spasm and her stomach is constantly cramping.  Meanwhile the burning of her
urethra, cunt and ass has not abated at all.  She no longer notices the
cockroaches or slugs. If the pain doesn't unhinge her mind the endless
repetition of the Britney Spears song will.

She barely notices when her crate is transferred from a rail car to a truck. 
Nor does she sense that the crate has stopped moving.

She has arrived at her destination.

End of Part 7




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - Part 8

"He has seen but half the universe who never has been shown the house of pain."

			--------------- Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882)

The nails holding the lid of her coffin in place are pried loose and the top
lifted off.  Because the hood blinds her, Ivy doesn't realize that her coffin is
flooded with light.  She can feel hands on her body as they work to remove the
tubes from her mouth, cunt and ass.   The Discman is switched off and the
earphones removed.  Her ankles and wrists are freed from their manacles. 
Several banana slugs are flicked from her breasts and belly and legs.

Ivy bawls in pain as she is lifted from the coffin.  Strong arms keep her from
falling to the floor.  The electric dildo remains lodged tightly in her cunt. 
Even now it continues to spit its acidic goo into her.  As she stand a small
stream of hot sauce and cunt juice flows slowly down the inside of her left
thigh.

As she stands supported on either side, someone removes her bondage helmet.

The bright lights hurt her eyes.  "Water, please...water," she begs.

Her eyes adjust to the light.  A tall woman brings her a glass of water. 
Gratefully Ivy drinks it down. Washing the last vestiges of her own shit from
her mouth.

"So," announces the woman in a Russian accent.  "You are Innocent Ivy.  Welcome
to your new home.  After we clean you up, I will give you a tour of the Bambino
Bordello and then introduce you to Master Parker, your new owner.

"I am Mistress Olga, manager of the Bordello.  You are just in time for our
grand opening this evening.  I'm sure you will find it educational."

Ivy looks at the persons who are supporting her.  They are two teenaged boys who
appear to be only a year or so older than she is.  Like Lara and Oksana, they
are identical twins.  Both tall, dark haired boys are powerfully built and hold
her with little effort.  They wear black knee length boots.  Their only other
"clothing" is a narrow leather belt cinched tightly around their waists.  A
small leather harness is fitted to the front of each boy's belt.  It is
connected to a leather loop that encircles the boy's cock and balls.  Ivy
notices that both boys' penises are fully erect.  The head of each lad's cock is
pierced with a large silver stud.

The boys support Ivy while they follow Olga into an adjoining bathroom.  They
help her into a large shower stall where they gently wash her body and hair with
scented soap.  Of course they cannot wash her cunt because the dildo remains
firmly in place.  She is permitted to brush her teeth and gargle with a
mouthwash.  Once cleaned up, Ivy is brought out of the stall.  She is recovered
enough now to walk on her own.  One of the boys, Boris, applies some Thanatos
Balm to the chafed skin of her ankles and wrists.

Olga instructs Ivy to leave her damp hair loose around her shoulders.  She then
tells her to put on a pair of white silk stockings and gives her a white lace
garter belt to hold them up.  She is then told to put on a pair of low-heeled
white patent leather slip-on shoes.  The other twin, Yuri, kneels before Ivy and
flicks off the switches at the base of the dildo.

Ivy immediately feels the vibrations stop.

Olga says, "I think that your plastic playmate is almost empty of its caustic
'semen' but I don't want to take the chance of any of it leaking out of your
cunt and staining your beautiful stockings."

Ivy notices that Olga is holding a dog leash.   The Russian woman hands it to
Yuri who connects the end of the leash to a ring at the base of the dildo in
Ivy's cunt.  He then stands up and hands the end of the tether back to Olga.

"Good.  Now I can lead you around like the bitch you are," she says.  She jerks
the leash.  "Let's begin our tour.

"I will begin by saying that the Bambino Bordello has been set up in a mansion
on the outskirts of St Petersburg that a Russian duke made his summer home
before the Revolution.  The Soviets used it as a KGB interrogation center.  Now
that Russia is a democracy  -- a democracy in need of foreign funds -- the
government was happy to sell the house to a member of the Russian Mafia.  He in
turn was pleased to give it to us as part of his fee to become a member of the
Thanatos Society.  He was thoughtful enough to leave the torture chambers in the
basement of the house intact.

"We are now on the main floor of the Bordello.  Off this hall are several rooms
where our guests can acquaint themselves with the girls and boys who work here."

Olga leads Ivy into the first room.  It is a large, luxuriously appointed
sitting room with several overstuffed sofas and armchairs scattered over the
ankle-deep carpets.  Sittings on some of the sofas are young girls.  Some are
naked except for stocking and garter belts similar to Ivy's. One or two others
are dressed in abbreviated Catholic schoolgirl outfits of patent leather shoes,
white knee socks, short plaid kilts and white blouses.  One of the girl's is
sitting with her legs parted and Ivy can see the twelve-year old's naked cunt. 
Two girls wear Girl Scout uniforms. Three others are wearing frilly "little
girl" dresses, which seem appropriate since they could not have been older than
eight or nine years of age.  They all are watching a large plasma television set
fixed to a wall.

"The inmates of the Bordello have been shipped in from similar whorehouses all
over the world," Olga explains.  Most are girls but we also have some boys. 
After all, you never know when a Catholic priest might visit," she laughs.

"Since the Bordello won't open until midnight, the girls have been instructed to
pass the time by watching an educational video.  Take a look at what they're
watching.  You might find it familiar."

Ivy tears her eyes away from the young whores and glances at the screen.  She
quickly realizes that it is her image on the screen kneeling before the
obscenely fat member of the Society as he shoots a load of cum into her mouth.

"Say hello to Ivy girls, " instructs Olga.  "You've seen her on the screen and
now you can meet her in person.  She's come to join our happy little family."

"Hello Ivy!" the girls all say in unison.

"Hello," whispers Ivy.

With a sharp tug of the leash Olga leads her prisoner out of the sitting room
and across the hall to a similar one.  Only in this is inhabited by boys aged
between eight and fifteen.  A few wear costumes similar to the Russian twins who
helped bathe Ivy.  However none have studs piercing their penises.  Two
youngsters were dressed in Boy Scout uniforms and one was wearing the costume of
a Catholic altar boy.  They too spent their time watching a video.  In it Ivy is
undergoing her grandmother's needle torment.  She winces as the image of the
screen is split in two.  The picture on the left shows only an old woman's hand
shoving a needle through Ivy's nipple while the one on the right is a close up
of  the reaction on Ivy's perspiration soaked face as granny drives the tiny
barbed spike slowly through her nipple bud.

Once again, Olga interrupts the video by introducing Ivy to the boys.

The fourteen year-old is then led down the hallway where they pass two more
sitting rooms.

Ivy is taken upstairs to see some of the bedrooms.  Several of the rooms have
been decorated just like a young girl's bedroom. In one there is a white dresser
and desk.  The desk is covered in schoolbooks.  The top of the dresser is
littered with the type of make-up a teenager would buy.  Posters of the Back
Street Boys and other boy bands adorn the walls.  A white canopy bed dominates
the center of the room.  Its frilly pink bedspread is piled high with stuffed
animals.  The only items out of place in this typical teenaged girl's bedroom is
a white leather cuff that hangs from a heavy chain fastened to each corner of
the bed frame.

A second room is decorated to look like a boy's bedroom.  A computer sits on a
desk along with a Sega Video Game set.  On the dresser is a plastic model
airplane.  The bedframe looks like a racing car and the night table beside it is
piled high with comic books.  Like the girl's room, the bed in this one is
adorned with leather manacles.

Ivy is brought into a third room.  This one looks like the principal's office in
an American intermediate school.  A large mahogany desk dominates the room-. 
Two straight back wooden chairs face the desk.  Behind the desk university
degrees hang in frames attesting to the qualifications of the "principal". 
There is a leather couch along one wall. Ivy notices that the ubiquitous leather
manacles adorn the couch.  In a stand beside the couch are a variety of paddles,
whips, tawses and riding crops.

Next Ivy is led into a large empty room.  One wall is completely covered with
large mirrors and a ballet dancing barre runs the length of the wall.

"This is where our little ballerinas will get a full workout," explains the
Russian.  "Oh you should see their cute costumes.  We had them designed
especially for the Bordello.  It consists of a leotard and a tutu but the
leotard just covers the top half of the girl.  From the tutu to her ballet
slippers she is completely naked.

Olga leads Ivy through other rooms.  One is decorated like the tent in a
Hollywood set designer's idea of a sultan's harem.  Another looks like a
miniature Roman Catholic chapel, complete with altar. 

The Russian manager of the Bordello tells Ivy that it is time to meet Master
Parker, her new owner.  He has instructed her to bring his new meat puppet to
the lower level of the mansion where he is correcting a recalcitrant inmate.

Olga leads Ivy by her leash into an elevator discretely placed at the end of one
the mansion's corridors.   The lift quietly whisks them down to the cellar of
the house.  The cellar is unlike the opulently appointed upper levels.  It is a
dank, stone walled corridor off of which are rooms sealed by heavy metal doors.

Ivy is taken to one of the doors.  Olga politely knocks.  "Enter," a high
pitched voice commands.

The Russian opens the door and leads Ivy into a well-appointed torture chamber. 
It is very hot in the large dark room. Ivy can hear the whimpering of someone in
pain.  She is relieved that, for once, it is not her.

"Master Parker, here is your newest acquisition," she says.  "The lovely and
talented Innocent Ivy."

At first Ivy does not see whom Olga is addressing.  Her attention has been drawn
to one side of the chamber where a girl no older than her is attached to a free
standing eight foot wooden cross.  The unfortunate girl is fastened to the cross
by large nails that have been driven between the bones of her forearms.   Her
arms don't support all of her weight.  Ivy can see that the girl is straddling a
small wooden beam that projects horizontally from the front of the cross's
vertical post.  A large sandpaper covered dildo juts up from the beam and into
the unfortunate teen's vagina.  Blood flows slowly out of the girl's snatch and
down the front of the cross.  Blood also drips from the nail wounds in the
girl's arms to form puddles on the stone floor of the chamber.  A large Russian
wolfhound stands before the cross wagging his tail happily ash he noisily licks
up the puddles of blood.  A huge man, naked but for boots and a breechcloth
stand beside the cross.  Ivy's heart jumps in her chest.  Can this cruel looking
giant be her new owner?

"I'm over here, Mistress Olga." The high-pitched voice startles Ivy.  She and
Olga turn around quickly in the direction of the voice.

Ivy cannot believe her eyes.  Her new owner is a naked dwarf.  He is not really
a dwarf because he is, except for one thing, a perfectly proportioned miniature
man.  He is no taller than Ivy's navel.  His skin is parchment coloured.  His
long white hair is drawn up into a ponytail.  Ivy finds two things shocking
about his appearance.  The first is that his eyes are blood red.  The man is an
albino.  Ivy always thought that albino persons had blue eyes, but this man's
eyes are as red as the Devil's.  The second shocking thing is s the size of his
cock.  It is absolutely enormous.  Although it is only semi-erect it is more
than nine inches long.  The fleshy spear is also as thick a Ivy's wrist.

He approaches the two women.

"So you are Innocent Ivy," he pipes in his high American accent.  "You are very
beautiful.  I hope that you are worth the three quarters of a million dollars
that I paid for you."

Olga forces Ivy to her knees before her new owner.  "The first lesson you must
learn, Cun, is that every time you come into the presence of your Master when he
is naked, you are to kneel, gently lift his cock with the back of you r hand and
place a kiss on the head its glorious glans. Now do so."

Ivy crawls forward on her knees.  Even kneeling, she is taller than Master
Parker.  She reaches out and lifts the immense organ with the back of her right
hand.  She bends forward and raises the cock slowly to her mouth.  The musky
smell of the organ assault her nostrils. She bends forward and plants a kiss on
the cock's gleaming glans.  As she does so, a few clear drops of seminal fluid
leak onto the back of her hand.  She gently lowers her master's organ and licks
his cock slime from her hand.

"Very well," Parker announces.

Turning towards his crucified victim he orders Ivy to stand up.

"Ivy," he says.  "Come and meet the girl you are replacing."

Ivy and Olga follow Master Parker over to the cross.

"I'd like you to meet Susan," Parker says. 

Ivy gazes at the blonde teen.  She is exquisite.  Ivy guesses that she is just
over five feet tall.  Her alabaster skin is flawless.  Her legs are slim and
hips narrow but her breasts are quite large.  Susan's heart shaped face is
contorted into a mask of agony.  She is moaning softly.

Ivy fears that Susan's ordeal has just begun.

Master Parker continues in his curiously high pitched voice.  "I bought Susan
five years ago when she was only eight years old.  She's worked in Bambino
Bordellos all over North and South America.

"By the time she was ten she was the most popular little whore in our Buenos
Aires house.  Despite her petiteness she could handle the largest cock.  Like
you, Ivy, her pain threshold was very high.

"Unfortunately when she was told that she would be moving to St Petersburg, she
protested.  It seems that she fell in love with one of the boys who worked in
the Bordello.  A fellow American named Peter.  She became more and more
unwilling to accommodate the clients of the Bordello.  The last straw came when
she refused to suck the cock of a general in the Argentinean Army.  To make
matters worse, when she was forced to suck his dick the little slut actually bit
him.

"So we brought her here to correct her misbehaviour and to teach her the error
of her ways.  As you can see, she has been prepared by Boris here."

Parker points to the giant Russian who stands beside the cross.

"Boris," he orders.  "Go and get the treat that I had prepared for Susan.

As the giant walks out of the room Parker stands on a step stool so that he is
eye to eye with the crucified teen.

"Susan," he says.  "Your bad behaviour seems to have started after you began to
have an illicit relationship with young Peter."

"I love him," the girl whimpers.

"Yes, yes.  That's all well and good," Master Peter continues.  "But you can't
let your personal feeling get in the way of you performance in the Bordellos.  I
want you to promise me that you will begin your service here in the Russian
Bordello with enthusiastic obedience.  This is your only opportunity to turn
over a new leaf."

"But what about Peter?" she asks.

Parker loses his temper.  "Peter!  Peter!  I'll show you "what about Peter'!"

Just as he finishes saying this Boris returns leading a teenaged boy into the
cell.

"Peter!" shouts Susan.  "What have they done to you?"

Ivy watches as the teenaged boy approaches.  He is naked except for manacles on
his wrists and ankles.  He has a large ball-gag in his mouth.  His back and
buttocks are covered in welts and bruises.

"Never mind Peter, you little slut," says Master Parker.  "I want you to agree
to serve in the Bordello."

"I'll do it only if you let Peter be with me," she says defiantly.

It's obvious that she really loves him if she is willing to fight for him
despite her desperate situation.

"Oh all right," concedes Master Parker, a little too quickly. "Peter can stay
here too.  In fact he can be with you.  But before I let you down from the cross
and release your boyfriend there is one thing you have to do for me."

"What is it? Susan asks.

"Peter can stay here only as a eunuch and I want you to castrate him."

Upon hearing this Peter struggles vainly in Boris's grip.

Susan cries in despair.  "I can't do it, she moans.

"If you don't, I'll kill him in front of you and then kill you" Parker
threatens.

"Boris prepare him"

The giant drags the helpless teenager in front of his crucified girl friend.  He
attaches the youth's wrists to a chain hanging from the ceiling.  He then joins
the boy's ankle cuffs together and chains them to an eighty-pound weight.

Boris then goes over and presses a button on the wall.  A winch on the ceiling
pulls the young man up until his cock is at the same level as Susan's head.

Addressing Susan, Parker tells her that he wants her to bite her boyfriend's
balls off.

All three teenagers are stunned.

"There's no way I will do it," announces Susan.

"Oh yes you will," Parker counters.  "In fact, in a few minutes Peter will be
begging you to do it.  Boris, please proceed."

The giant goes to a shelf near a wall and Russian returns with what looks like
two glass water pistols.   He hands one to Parker.

"Now watch closely Slut Susan," he instructs.  "These pistols are filled with
sulphuric acid.  Boris and I are going to start squirting your boyfriend until
her begs you to bite off his balls.

"And so you can empathize with him, I'll give you a little taste of the acid."

Boris grabs Susan's left foot.  He holds it immobile as Master Parker points his
acid pistol at her baby toe.  He pulls the trigger, releasing a thin stream of
acid.  As soon as the liquid hits her toe Susan shrieks in agony.  The deadly
fluid bubbles and hisses as it eats away the flesh of her toe.

Boris lets go of her foot and walks behind Peter.  He points his weapon at the
teenaged boy's back and pulls the trigger.  A stream of acid spatters against
his back.  Peter screams and thrashes about as the liquid eats into his living
flesh.  Boris continues to squirt acid on the youth's buttocks.  The acid runs
down the back of his legs eating away the skin.

Master Parker hands his pistol to Olga and tells her to spray Peter in his eyes.

Through his agony Peter comprehends what is about to happen!!  He will be
blinded and horribly disfigured.

"Stop, stop!!" he shouts.

"Susan," he continues in a hoarse gasp.  "Please do as Master Parker instructs."

Boris grabs Peter from behind and pushes him toward Susan.

Parker instructs Ivy to assist by standing on the step stool and holding Peter's
cock up so that his girl friend can get at his balls.

Reluctantly Ivy complies.

She stands holding Peter's cock as Boris pushes the suspended youth closer to
Susan.

Susan opens her mouth widely and takes both of her lover's balls.

She cannot bring herself to bite down.

"Do it," gasps Peter.  "Please do it quickly.  I don't want to be blinded."

He shrieks as his teenaged lover bites down on his gonads. Blood courses out of
her mouth as her teeth break through the delicate skin of his ball sack.  She
coughs and shakes her head like a bulldog and she slowly tears her lover's balls
from his body.

Peter is haemorrhaging but Boris quickly stanches the flow by applying a hot
iron to the wound.

Susan remains suspended on the cross.  Her boyfriend's bloody balls are in her
mouth.  His blood runs down her chin and drips onto her breasts.

"Since you were one of my favourite slaves, Susan," announces Master Peter.  "I
won't force you to swallow Peter's balls.  Just spit them on the floor."

She does as ordered.  Immediately the large wolfhound pounces on the tender
morsels.  He noisily chews up and swallows them.

As Boris carries Peter out Master Parker tells Susan that he will let her down
from the cross.  She will be given forty-eight hours to recover in the
Bordello's infirmary after which she will serve a month as a human urinal on the
main floor of the mansion.

The diminutive sadist then turns his attention to Ivy.

"My dear, let's get you prepared to participate in the grand opening Russia's
first Bambino Bordello."


End of Part 8




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - Part 9

"Behold, my love, behold all that I simultaneously do: scandal, seduction, bad
example, incest, adultery, sodomy! Oh, Satan! one and unique God of my soul,
inspire thou in me something yet more, present further perversions to my smoking
heart, and then shalt thou see how I shall plunge myself into them all!"
				
				--------------- Marquis de Sade (1740-1814)


Having just witnessed the torture and castration of a fellow slave, the stunned
fourteen year-old captive follows Mistress Olga and her new owner out of the
chamber to the elevator. 

Master Parker is a commanding figure despite his diminutive stature and
high-pitched voice.  A malevolent energy radiates from the man.  Even completely
naked, but for jackboots, he seems invulnerable.  His muscular body gleams in
the subdued lights of the hallway.

While in the lift, Master Parker tells Olga that the yellow dildo in Ivy's cunt
should be removed so that he and the clients of the Bordello can have quick and
easy access to her "charms".

"As soon as we get up to Level Three, make sure that it the plastic cock is
removed," he tells Olga without looking around.  "She can't escape from the
building, and if by some miracle she does, she'd never make off the estate."

The third level of the mansion contains the infirmary, a dining room, elaborate
theatrical dressing rooms and the sleeping quarters of the young whores.

Master Parker and Olga bring Ivy into the dressing room. Scores of different
costumes hang on racks along one wall.  On the opposite wall are several
dressing tables with large mirrors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
The Russian orders Ivy to go to a clear space beside one of the walls.  She
orders the teen to do a handstand and to rest her feet against the wall.  Ivy
does so with the ease of a trained gymnast. "Spread your legs," Olga orders. 
Ivy does so.  The older woman reaches between the teen's legs and grasps the end
of the thick dildo.  With her other hand she twists the base of the plastic
cock.  Ivy moans with relief as the spikes anchoring the dildo into her cunt
flesh retract into the head of the cock.  Olga slowly withdraws the torture
device from her bruised vagina.                                                                                                                                                                                                      

"Stay like that," says Olga.  "We don't want your cunt slime leaking out and
staining your stockings." The dominatrix inserts a tampon into Ivy.  This is the
first thing that has been put in Ivy's vagina that didn't cause pain since she
was brought to Thanatos Manor.

As Ivy gets to her feet she thinks that maybe the Bambino Bordello may not be so
bad.  After all, she's been there for a few hours and no one has tried to hurt
her.  Suddenly it dawns on her that just a week ago she would have been
flabbergasted if someone told her that she would consider life in a whorehouse
to be a desirable way of life.  She is crestfallen.  How miserable her life has
become!

"If you have to go to the bathroom, go now," the Russian orders.

For the past hour Ivy has had to get rid of the recycled shit in her system.  As
she walks into the large bathroom that adjoins the dressing area she sees that
the stalls have no doors.  Even more remarkable is the fact that the toilets
appear to be made of a clear plastic.  She enters a stall.  When she looks into
the toilet bowl she sees a tiny camera fixed to its side.

"Some of our clients are aroused by the sight of a beautiful boy of girl
shitting or pissing," explains Olga as she follows Ivy into the stall.  "So we
record all slaves' bowel movements and sell the videotapes."

She goes on.  "Before you sit down remove the tampon from your cunt."

Ivy does so.  The absorbent cotton has soaked up a combination of Ivy's blood,
her vaginal fluids and some of the hot, itching emulsion that has plagued her
since she departed Thanatos Manor.  Before she has a chance to drop it in the
toilet, Olga stops her.

"Don't flush that," she orders with a smile.  "Instead I want you to hold it in
your mouth like a dog bone, bitch."

Ivy swallows with revulsion but places the slimy tampon in her mouth.  She then
resigns herself to having her bowel movement filmed for the amusement of some of
the more bizarre clients of the bordello.

When Ivy is finished she is given instructions on the use of the bidets that
sits in a corner of the room.  She is allowed to flush out her vagina with a
soothing douche.  Finally, she is permitted to spit the tampon in a garbage
receptacle.

All this time, the diminutive Master Parker has been watching Ivy.  Her air of
innocence despite her recent ordeals enchants him.  The sight of the swell of
her developing breasts delights him, as do her hips that are just beginning to
flare as she matures.   He appreciates how the lacy white suspenders of her
garter belt frame her pert little bum.  Her face remains that of a child despite
her pouting red lips.  His giant cock begins to swell as he watches her move
gracefully about the room. 

"Mistress Olga," he says.  "I was going to wait until later to sample the
delights of Ivy, but I think that I would like to fuck her now."

  He orders Ivy down on all fours on the floor of the large bathroom.  Ivy does
as instructed.  Olga tells her to spread her knees a bit.  When Ivy obeys her
owner steps up behind her.   Because of his short stature, his enormous cock is
almost at the same level as her tiny cunt.  He steps onto her calves.   Ivy
grunts as his boots dig into her tender flesh.  Despite his short stature he
must weigh as much as Ivy.

Master Parker insinuates the tip of his cock into the folds of her labia.  To
the fourteen-year-old captive's dismay his large rod is ice cold. She gasps at a
sharp pain in both hips as he grasps her.  She hadn't noticed that his
fingernails were filed to sharp points.  Slowly and inexorably he pushes his
foot-long cock into her vagina. She feels like she's being raped with an icicle.

"O-o-o-h-h-h!" she moans as the huge organ plunges into her core.  This is the
largest cock that has ever violated her tender blossom. Every millimetre of her
bruised internal flesh hurts as her owner continues to plow his enormous penis
into her.  Ivy fears that her flesh is about to tear.   Master Parker's cock not
even half way into the fourteen year-old before he rams into the opening of her
cervix.  Her shriek of pain echoes off the walls of the large bathroom.  His
grunts are a counterpoint to her cries as he cruelly batters her with his
club-like organ.

Parker's bizarre red eyes are gleaming while he rapes his young new fuck-toy.

Olga is watching Ivy's ravishment.  "Ivy, if you're crying now, what will you do
if Master Parker ever decides to fuck you with a spiked cock-ring on his
magnificent organ?"

The entrance to Ivy's cervix is being pummelled.  She has fallen forward so that
her cheek rests on the floor.  In a daze, her screams have subsided to pathetic
moans that match the rhythm of the remorseless internal beating. As the huge
member pistons in and out of her, drops of semen and cunt juice form a puddle on
the floor between Ivy's knees.  Another puddle of saliva and tears spreads at
the drooling teen's head.

With a huge grunt the dwarf begins to cum.  Ivy can feel the icy cock inside her
pulsate again and again.  He continues to saw in and out of her as what feels
like cupfuls of sperm leak out of Ivy onto the floor.  At last he pulls his huge
member out beaten snatch.  It is still spitting cum.  Ribbons of thick, pearly
slime decorate the teenage girl's buttocks and back.  His ejaculation is so
powerful that a dollop of cock goo flies the length of Ivy's torso and splats
wetly onto her cheek.  It slides over her lips to mix with the puddle of her
drool on the floor.

Ivy collapses onto the floor, exhausted.

"Well," remarks Master Parker in his high-pitched voice as he steps away from
Ivy, "that was pleasant."

Olga orders Ivy to get up and crawl over to her Master and to clean off his cock
with her mouth.  Ivy does as ordered and then licks up the puddles of semen,
cunt juice and tears that lay on the floor.  When she is finished she stands up.

"You stupid girl," hisses the older woman.  "Look what you've done to your
stockings."

Ivy looks behind her to see that there are runs in the backs of Ivy's white
stockings.  Not surprisingly Master Parker's boots have torn through the
delicate fabric.  To make matters worse, now that she is standing up small
streams of sperm are trickling out of her pussy and running down her inner
thighs, wetting the tops of her stockings.

"Never mind that," interrupts Master Parker.  Ivy is astonished to see that
Master Parker already has an erection despite shooting his wad into her just
moments before. 

"I want Ivy in a Catholic schoolgirl outfit tonight.  Take her to the dressing
room and make sure she's dressed properly for the opening festivities.

"Oh, by the way.  Is everything on schedule?"

"Yes," replies Olga.  "I've told Boris and Yuri to come up and prepare Ivy. 
They should be on their way up.  When they get here I'll go downstairs to make
sure everything is in order."

As soon as she says this the Russian twin teenaged boys, who helped unpack Ivy
appear. Ivy is embarrassed to stand nearly naked in front of the two boys.  She
notices that their cocks are getting harder as they watch at her.

"Ivy," says Boris in heavily accented English as he goes to a dressing table. 
"You are very beautiful. - Miss Teen America.  Take off your garter belt and
stockings then come sit down in front of the mirror and we will get you ready
for tonight."

The teenager does as she is told and hops up completely nude onto an adjustable
chair.  It can be raised and lowered and it reclines.  While Boris goes off to
find Ivy's costume his brother Yuri adjusts the chair so that Ivy is lying back
at a forty-five degree angle.  Bright lights shine on her face.  The youth
removes all of Ivy's make-up with cold cream.  By the time his brother has
returned Ivy once again looks like the beautiful and innocent fresh-faced girl
she used to be.

Yuri expertly applies just a little blush and very subtle eyeliner to her face. 
She needs no mascara for her eyelashes are naturally long and curly.  Boris
laughs and says something to his brother in Russian.  Yuri looks down at the
chair between Ivy's naked legs and begins to laugh too.

"Ivy, you little slut," he says.  "You're leaking."

Sure enough a small rivulet of Master Parker's sperm has trickled out of Ivy's
cunt and formed a small puddle on the leather seat.

Yuri says, "That will make excellent lip gloss.  Part your lips Miss Teen
America."

As Ivy obeys, the Russian youth reaches between her legs and dips two fingers
into the puddle of sperm.

He rubs the thick liquid on Ivy's plump lips so that they shine.

Yuri adjusts the seatback so that Ivy is upright and then he begins to brush her
raven hair.  He starts to braid her hair while Boris shows the captive teen her
school uniform.

Ivy is shocked to see that it is almost identical to the uniform that she wore
to her Catholic school before she was taken to Thanatos Manor.  Only this
uniform is a mockery of her old one.   If she were to wear it to Our Mother of
Perpetual Agony the scandalised nuns would have expelled her.

Yuri finishes braiding her hair by fixing a barrette to either side of her head. 
Ivy looks at herself in the mirror.  The hair ornaments are very similar to the
colourful plastic ones she used to wear before her capture.  Except these
barrettes, instead of resembling ribbons or butterflies, are shaped like
miniature erect penises.  The tip of each appears to be spurting white plastic
sperm onto her black hair.

Boris now takes over dressing Ivy for the evening festivities.  He signals his
brother who grasps Ivy's wrists in his strong hands and holds them at her sides. 
Boris then informs Ivy that she is to wear no bra tonight.  In order to ensure
that her nipples stay erect the Russian fondles them until they harden.  He then
fits tiny elastics around the base of each nubbin of flesh.  The elastic
squeezes the engorged flesh so tightly that the blood is trapped in them. 
Immediately her Ivy's nipples begin to redden and throb.

Yuri lets go of Ivy's wrists and orders her to stand up.  Boris hands her a
white shirt.  Ivy puts it on.  The shirts she wore at school were made of heavy
cotton and were not fitted.  This one is of a very sheer fabric and is very
close fitting.  Boris tells her to do up only the top two buttons and to tie the
shirttails in a knot just below her tits.  Ivy looks at herself in the mirror. 
The shirt only covers her breasts, leaving her mid-drift bare.  Because it is so
translucent, her creamy mounds and erect nipples are on clear display.

Boris hands Ivy a man's tie.  At school her tie was red with the school crest
emblazoned in gold thread.  This tie is also red but it is graced with the coat
of arms of the Thanatos Society.  It is so short that, once tied, it extends
only between the lovely teenager's breasts, leaving her belly bare.

Next Boris hands her the school kilt.  It is patterned with the same green
tartan that she wore at school.  But, that one was quite heavy and went down to
just below her knees.  In fact the sisters at Our Lady of Perpetual Agony would
make a girl kneel on the floor.  If the hem of her kilt did not touch the floor
she was sent home.  Ivy's kilt back home had a vertical slit in it that was held
firmly in place by a large silver safety pin.  The short skirt that she is
fastening around her hips now is tiny.  Its hem barely conceals the lips of her
naked vagina.  What is worse, this tiny skirt has a vertical slit running along
the top of her left thigh.  Only there is no safety pin to hold it closed. 
Every time the fourteen year-old takes a step the kilt will open to reveal her
vagina.

Ivy sits down again to pull on white knee socks.  Finally the teen put on black
patent leather Mary Jane shoes and stands up.

The two boys slowly circle her admiring their handiwork. 

"You look very pretty, Ivy," says Yuri.   "Boris, you did a wonderful job
shining her shoes.  Look.  You can see her cunt reflected on her toes.

Ivy is very humiliated.  That and the pain in her bound nipples serves to remind
her of the hell she is living in.

"Ivy," continues Yuri.  "I think you should show your appreciation for our
efforts by getting down on your knees and sucking our cocks.  Unfortunately
there's no time.  The honoured guests are arriving and you should go downstairs
to be with them.  I believe Master Parker has a place of honour for you in the
festivities."


----------------------

The two boys lead Ivy down a large central staircase to the main level of the
mansion.  There are many men and a few women mingling with the youthful
prostitutes.  Much of what will go on tonight will be filmed for distribution to
members of the Thanatos Society and some of it will be distributed to wealthy
patrons of pornography.  For that reason many of the guests are wearing masks to
hide their identities.

Her innocent beauty quickly attracts the attention of some of the guests.  In no
time she is being pawed and fondled by cruel looking strangers.  Ivy cries out
as one man pinches her left nipple through her thin shirt.

"Gentlemen and ladies!" announces Mistress Olga from the head of the large
stairway.  "Welcome to the Bambino Bordello.  If you proceed down that corridor
to the Theater of Pain we will begin our opening ceremonies."

"Boys and girls!" she continues.  "Follow Yuri and Boris.  They will lead you to
your stations. 

"Ivy. You come with me."

The teen follows the Russian dominatrix down the hall through the double doors
of the Theater of Pain.

Ivy is impressed by the opulence of the room.  A relatively large thrust stage
is surrounded on three sides by two rows of luxurious seats.

"As you can see, Ivy," says Olga.  "This is a fully equipped theatre.  It would
be the envy of any company of actors.  Of course, everything that goes on here
will be filmed for the amusement of members of the Society."

Ivy notices that the guests have congregated around a large table near the front
door that holds silver trays of champagne.  As they enjoy their drinks Olga
explains that the wine is spiked with a chemical developed in the Thanatos Labs
called Spermspinner.  Once consumed it enables a man to have multiple climaxes
and to produce copious amounts of sperm. 

"With only one dose a man can cum over and over again," she continues.  "In
fact, you'll notice a bottle of mineral water in the holder on the armrest of
each chair.  Without replenishing themselves our guests would produce so much
sperm in an hour that they would become dehydrated."

"Master Parker has decided that you will have the honour of being the receptacle
for much of that sperm."

While she is speaking two large leather-clad men come up to Olga.  Without a
word they take the fourteen-year-old prisoner to a low platform near the back of
the tiny theater.

Thrusting up vertically in the middle of the platform is a large black dildo on
an adjustable rod.  The cock is coated with an orange paste.

Ivy is forced to kneel on the floor.  Her pussy is directly over the plastic
phallus.

As one man fastens her ankles and calves to the floor with metal brackets, the
other one adjusts the rod so that the tip of the dildo just touches her cunt
lips.

Ivy gasps as her girl-flesh begins to burn.

A small group of men have gathered in front of the platform and watch as the
leather wearing giant pushes the plastic prick further into Ivy's vagina.

She begins to shriek.  Her cunt feels like it is on fire.

Her cries make the guests smile.

"Gentlemen," explains Olga who has been supervising the two men.  "Let me
introduce you to Innocent Ivy.  This fourteen year-old fucktoy is a recent
addition to the stable of Thanatos Society sex slaves.  The reason she is in
such distress is that the plastic cock in her cunt has been coated with a paste
made up of Habanero peppers.  This type of pepper is one hundred and fifty time
hotter than the Jalapeno."

As Olga speeks Ivy squirms and cries.  One of the handlers grasps her head while
his colleague fits a chrome-plated metal device in Ivy's mouth and fastens it in
place with straps that go around her head.  She cannot close her mouth!

Finally they fasten the poor girl's hands behind her back with handcuffs.

The pepper paste on the dildo is causing her cunt to produce a copious amount of
juice in order to wash out the burning liquid.  Soon the insides of both of her
thighs are soaked with orange-tinged cunt slime. Blessedly the burning in her
snatch lessens.

Olga bends down and runs her finger along the inside of Ivy's right thigh.  She
holds the slime-covered digit before the girl and then rubs it along the inside
of her mouth.  Immediately Ivy's mouth begins to burn.

The theater lights dim momentarily.  A signal for the guests to take their
seats.

Soon Ivy is left alone.  Through tear blurred eyes she can see the stage. 

The house lights dim and Master Parker walks onto the stage to the polite
applause of the audience.

"Gentlemen and ladies," he announces.  "Welcome to the St Petersburg Bambino
Bordello.  I know many of you have travelled great distances to get here.  I
assure you that your trip will be worthwhile.

"You have noticed, no doubt, the beautiful Ivy at the back of the theatre.  She
is there to serve as a container for your cum.  Feel free to use her as many
times as you wish during the opening ceremonies.  This will be her first
experience of Bukkake.

"By the way, don't be concerned that we are filming the festivities.  Your
faces, should they be caught on camera, will be blurred."

Ivy flinches as heads turn to gaze at her impaled helplessly on a burning cock.

"For those of you who are first-time visitors to a Bambino Bordello, let me
explain a little about the institutions. There are over thirty located in major
cities around the world.  We are very popular and are always looking for new
talent.  Our recent association with he Thanatos Society has helped to resolve
our recruitment problems. 

"We are an equal opportunity organization.  We offer both boys and girls to our
clients.  The unique thing about our houses is that none of our whores is older
than sixteen.  In fact, some of them are as young as four while the average age
is thirteen."  He laughs.  "You might call them pedoprostitutes or 'pedopros'."

"One of the reasons we go through young cunt and cock so quickly is that the
Bordellos often put on extravaganzas for their clients.  These shows often take
quite a toll on our young performers.

"Now without further ado, let the show begin."

Ivy watches as the theatre is plunged into darkness.  She can hear stagehands
setting up props on the stage.  After a few minutes the lights come back on.

The stage set resembles a child's playground.  A swing, a seesaw, a sandbox and
a tricycle have been set up on a field of artificial grass.  The audience
members murmur in amusement.  Ivy can see that this is a playground for the
depraved for the seats of the swing and the seesaw are adorned with dildos. 
Rising from the centre of each seat is a bright red plastic cock about six
inches high and two inches thick.  A similar dildo has replaced the seat of the
tricycle.

Four boys come onto the stage.  Each one is leading a girl by a leash fastened
to a ring on the front of a metal collar fitted snugly around her neck. The boys
range in ages from twelve to fifteen.  Each one wears a Boy Scout outfit and
carries a riding crop.  The girls appear to be ten to twelve years of age.  They
wear no clothing,

Ivy has never seen such beautiful youths in her life.  Each girl has flawless
skin and an angelic face.  The younger girls are flat chested except for budding
nipples.  Their hips have not begun to develop feminine curves.  The older girls
have tiny swelling breasts with prominent pink nipples.  They are beginning to
bloom as women.

Ivy notices that one of the guests has left his seat and is coming towards her. 
He stops in front of her and grasps the top of her head.  He has already taken
his cock out and is stroking it.  He holds Ivy's head so that his dick is
pointing at her propped open mouth. As the each boy on the stage brings one of
the girls to a playground apparatus, the man grunts.  His cock spews a gusher of
sperm into Ivy's mouth.  His first ejaculation has filled the fourteen year-old
captives mouth to overflowing.  He continues to cum, splashing cupfuls of sperm
onto Ivy's face.  She gags and tries to swallow the cum in her mouth.  Streams
of semen flow down her face and onto her tie and thin shirt.  More creamy sperm
slides down both cheeks and drips off of her chin.

The man smiles and returns to watch the show.  Ivy blinks furiously to clear the
sperm from her eyes.  She notices that the man who had just hosed her with a
pint of cum still has a hard on.

One of the boys on the stage has led a ten-year-old girl to the swing.  She
kneels on the artificial grass and bends her head to lick the dildo, lubricating
it with her saliva.  She then stand up and mounts the swing.  She slowly lowers
herself on the artificial cock.  She squeals as the plastic club forces open the
tight lips of her cunt.  The Boy Scout stands behind her.  Her pushes down on
her shoulders, forcing all six inches of the phallus into her small vagina.

Two more girls whimper as they are compelled to sit on the dildos that are fixed
to the centres of the seesaw seats.  The fourth girl is led to the tricycle. 
She hesitates to mount the cock that has replaced the seat until the boy with
her gives her a few smart whacks with his riding crop.

The boy with the girl on the swing begins to push her so that she goes higher
and higher.  The little girl on the swing is crying from the pain of the dick
that fills her cunt.  The boy continues to push her but orders her to let go of
the chains supporting the swing and to put her hands behind her head.  She does
so.  He pushes the swing harder so that the girl is now travelling in great
arcs.  The only thing preventing her from slipping from the swing is the dildo
firmly planted in her vagina.

Meanwhile, the each lass on the seesaw has been ordered to link her fingers
behind her head and to begin.  A pretty eleven-year-old hesitates so that the
boy with her uses his crop on the back of her knees.  She quickly falls to the
ground and screams with pain as the dildo jams all the way into her when her end
of the teeter-totter hits the floor.  A similar cry erupts from the
twelve-year-old as she is lifted into the air, the dildo driving into her poor
cunny.  The boys lay their crops across the girls' backs so that in no time they
are rhythmically going up and down.

The girl on the tricycle is pedalling around the other apparatuses.  Her Boy
Scout companion is standing on the platform at the back of the trike.  He is
directing her by pinching her nipples.  The left one to turn left and the right
one to go the other way.  He has forced her to hold his riding crop between her
teeth so that he can free both hands to steer her.

Soon a second and third guest goes to the back of the theater where Ivy kneels
impaled on her platform.  They stand on either side of her and jerk off.  The
man on her left cums first, squirting a copious load of yellow-white slime right
between her eyes.  As that load slides down her face the second man fires his
load into her right eye.  The burning liquid blinds her temporarily and Ivy
blinks furiously to clear her vision.  The goo quickly slides down her right
cheek and drips onto her shirt.

While the captive children continue to play in that hellish school yard eight
more men go to the back of the hall to relieve their bursting testicles on Ivy's
face.

The chemically enhanced men can fill her oral cavity with spunk faster than she
can swallow it. Twice Ivy mouth has filled to the brim with semen and overflowed
over her lips, down her chin and onto her chest. 

On the stage the boy scouts allow their charges to dismount from their
playground torture devices.  The four young ladies line up to face their
audience.  They glisten with perspiration.  Two girls are clutching their naked
cunts as blood slowly oozes down the inside of their legs.  At a signal from the
oldest boy the girls bow to the members of the audience and are led off the
stage to polite applause.

The stage darkens while the second set is struck Madame Olga goes back to check
on Ivy.

"Oh my dear", she laughs as she stops in front of the impaled teen.  "I don't
think there is a centimetre of your body that is not drenched in sperm."

Ivy moans helplessly.  Her face and body have been lashed with the supersized
cock wads of the men of the audience dozens of times.  She is a mess.  She reeks
of cum.  Thick clots of goo have soaked into her hair so that her obscene
barrettes are submerged in the pearly liquid.  Her face is white with
overlapping streaks of cock slime. Both of her ears are filled and strings of
cum hang from her earlobes like liquid earrings.  Pearly yellow ribbons cover
her tie like icing on a cake.  Her school blouse is so sodden with cum that it
is translucent, making her breasts more visible than before.  Even her short
kilt is streaked with the foul liquid.  The fronts of her thighs gleam with
semen and she kneels in a growing puddle of cock snot.

It's impossible to tell if Ivy is crying for any tears she sheds quickly mix
with the semen that coats her cheeks.

Mistress Olga laughs when the fourteen-year-old's stomach, which holds close to
a quart of semen, rumbles and the girl belches loudly.  The air escaping from
Ivy's mouth forms a large, slimy cum-bubble that grows to a diameter of six
inches before it pops wetly.

Ivy would have collapsed to the floor by now were she not held upright by the
burning dildo in her cunt.

Two more audience members approach.  "Excuse me Madame," says one of the men,
"but we must relieve some of our sexual tension on this exquisite cum bucket.

The Russian dominatrix graciously steps aside and in a few minutes another pint
of semen covers the young captive.

The puddle of sperm beneath Ivy has grown so large that one of the men almost
loses his footing on the slippery floor.

At a signal from Olga, a giant assistant leads a young girl to where the Russian
is standing.  Tall and slim, the girl appears to be a year or two younger than
Ivy.  She is naked except for silver manacles at her wrists and ankles.   Her
dirty-blond hair has been set into two pigtails and, aside from her eyebrows, is
the only hair on her body.  A small upturned nose and wide-set pale blue eyes
highlight her beautiful youthful face. Her full red lips belie her youth.  She
has tiny breasts tipped with hard pink nipples.  Slender but shapely legs widen
to form a small, high bum those thrusts out attractively. 

Olga addresses the girl.  "Tammy, the pool of semen at Slut Ivy's knees has made
the floor dangerously slippery for our clients.  Clean it up."

With no hesitation Tammy drops to her knees and begins to noisily suck up the
cock slime that is on the floor.  Soon her mouth is so full that her cheeks
bulge.  She stands up carefully and approaches Ivy.  Using both hands to tilt
the fourteen year- old's head back, Tammy bends over so that she looks down at
Ivy.  With a smile, she opens her mouth slightly and releases a long, thick
ribbon of sperm across Ivy's forehead. She stops briefly and adjusts her
position so that when she releases the rest of the semen it extends from the
middle of the first line down Ivy's nose and into her mouth.  Ivy gags as the
cold, cock slime rolls over her tongue and down her throat.  The depraved
sex-slave has childishly written her initial on the older teen's face with the
sperm of a dozen men.  As soon as her mouth is empty, Tammy drops to the floor
and sucks up more of the vile liquid.

A group of four or five men have gathered to witness Ivy's humiliation.

Tammy continues to lap up the slimy cum from the floor and spit it into Ivy's
mouth.  In a few minutes the floor is clean.  Ivy moans quietly as she is forced
to swallow the loathsome, smelly liquid.

Tammy stands up and faces Mistress Olga.  She beams at her mistress.  The
youngster's lips glisten with sperm.

"Well done, slut," compliments the Russian beauty.  Turning to the group of men
she says, "I see the opening ceremony is about to continue.  Would any of you
like this little cuntlet to accompany you back to your seat?"

A large swarthy man with a Middle Eastern accent quickly responded in the
affirmative.  Tammy bows her head and meekly follows him to his seat.

Blessedly Ivy is left alone as the stage lights come up and everybody returns to
their seats.  Ivy notices that Tammy is kneeling between the knees of the Arab. 
Her head bobs up and down as she deep throats his cock.

The stage is decorated like the kitchen of a suburban house.  On the floor
beside the kitchen table is a large feeding dish for a dog.  A tall black man
walks onto the stage.  He is holding a red leather leash connected to a studded
leather dog collar. However the collar doesn't encircle the thick neck of a dog. 
No, a slim seven year-old blond girl has replaced the animal.  The collar is the
only thing that she is wearing as she reluctantly crawls on her hands and knees
behind the man.  He half leads and half drags her to the large dog bowl.  He
orders her to eat.  The girl looks with disgust at the large mound of canned dog
food.  Impatiently the man grabs the back of her blonde head and forces her face
into the mess.   She struggles in vain and begins to eat lest she drown in the
Alpo.  As she feed with her bum high in the air, a large, Rottweiller bounds
onto the stage.  He is sporting a large, red erection that nearly drags on the
floor.  He is well trained for he immediately comes up behind the girl.  She
grunts as the beast mounts her.  Ivy sees that he is resting his forepaws on the
soft flesh of the girl's shoulder blades while he thrusts his engorged red cock
into her cunt.  The girl squeals in pain as the beast pounds her cunt.  Soon the
excited animal's tongue flops out of his mouth and drool leaks from his mouth
onto the little girl's back.

Ivy notices that the dog's cock is streaked with the girl's virgin blood and
that scarlet ribbons slowly stream down the inside of her thigh.  It reminds her
of her father's blood soaked cock when it tore away her innocence just a few
days ago.

The dog yelps and pumps his semen deep into the little youngster's vagina.  He
soon is finished and attempts to pull out of the youngster.  The audience howls
appreciatively when they see that he cannot.  The end of his cock has swollen to
the point that he is locked into the girl.    He leaps forward over the girl's
body, landing on the stage in front of her head.  He is much heavier and more
powerful than the lass and he  drags her by her cunt so that she  does a
complete  somersault.  The dog yelps again.  His engorged cock is now bent so
that it points backwards between his hind legs.  The child is now on her back
behind the beast.  Her head and shoulders rest on the stage floor but her pelvis
is held aloft by the dog's huge penis which continues to fill her tight cunt. 
The girl struggles and screams as the animal races madly around the stage
dragging her behind him. The frustrated animal becomes more frenzied and
attempts to spin around in order to break free.  With an audible pop the large
penis is, at last, free.  The girl lies on the floor.  She is too weak to move. 
The large beast is turns on her.  He begins to snarl, baring huge yellow fangs. 
The girl attempts to sit up and scurry away.  However the beast is too quick for
her.  He lunges between her wide-spread legs and viciously bites her between her
legs.   Ivy is shocked.  The huge dog lifts the girl up and shakes his head back
and forth.  She screams in pain  and is shaken like a rag-doll.  Blood drips
from the beast's jaws.  He lets go of the girl.  She lays on the stage floor in
a state of shock.  At a signal from the man the dog leaps at the girl's throat
and sinks his fangs into her throat.  In a moment, the girl is, mercifully,
dead.

The depraved audience erupts with frenzied cheers.

Ivy's heart sinks even lower than she thought possible.  Surely she is in Hell.

----------------------------------------  To be continued.




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - Part 10

"It is only by enlarging the scope of one's tastes and one's fantasies, by
sacrificing everything to pleasure, that that unfortunate individual called man,
thrown despite himself into this sad world, can succeed in gathering a few roses
among life's thorns."

				---- Marquis de Sade (1740-1814), French author

Innocent Ivy has endured much pain and witnessed many horrors since her parents
handed her over to the brutal control of the sadistic Thanatos Society. 
However, the rape and fatal mutilation of the little seven year-old girl by the
huge Rottweiller dog for the amusement of its depraved members is the most
appalling.  Ivy's shock at witnessing that atrocity has made her momentarily
forget her own unfortunate predicament as she stares at the dead girl on the
stage.

"Ivy," a voice instructs.  "Look this way.  Ivy!"

The fourteen year-old tears her eyes from the horror on stage to look directly
into the engorged cock of a man whom she hadn't noticed approach her.  It
immediately spits a large wad of hot sperm directly onto her left cheek and into
her mouth.  Ivy shudders as another large gob of cock-slime slides along her
tongue and down her throat to mingle with about a quart of men's semen already
bubbling in her stomach.

While stagehands remove the little girl's corpse, wipe up her blood and clear
the rest of the stage, six more audience members use the short intermission to
empty their balls onto Ivy's face and body.  When they are finished her slutty
schoolgirl costume is soaked in semen, as is every square inch of her exposed
flesh.  She is constantly blinking her eyes to clear them of greasy man-juice.

Men set up the stage to resemble a torture chamber while the master of the dog
that has just killed the little girl approaches Ivy.  He controls the beast with
a thick, leather leash. Madame Olga walks beside them.  Ivy begins to quake with
fear.  The dog is stopped directly in front of her kneeling form.  His massive
head is level with hers.  He is panting and his meaty breath washes over the
young captive.  She leans back as far as she can to avoid the combined smell of
dog-breath and the coppery aroma of blood. However, the plastic dildo lodged
deeply in her bruised cunt hampers her movement.  As she bends back from her
waist the dog steps forward.

"Bruno is attracted by this slut's odor," says the dog's handler.  He lets the
dog to come even closer to Ivy so that its snout is only an inch or two over her
face.  The animal looms over her.  He snarls, revealing bloody fangs.   But he
doesn't attack her.  Instead he snuffles loudly and begins to lick the sperm
from her face.  Ivy shudders as the large, hot tongue laps the semen from her
cheeks and forehead.

"It appears that Bruno likes the taste of cum," laughs Madame Olga.

"So it appears," responds the dog's handler.  "I suppose we can consider this an
appetizer while the little cunt he just killed is taken down to the kitchen to
be ground into dog food."

The dog has cleaned Ivy's face and is now noisily licking her sperm-soaked
chest.  The animal works his way down the girl's front and is soon licking her
thighs.

Ivy has straightened to an upright kneeling position and the dog slowly circles
her, licking cum from her back and pert bum.

The dog is almost finished when Master Parker arrives.  He is leading a
beautiful East Indian girl by a leash not unlike the one used on the dog. 
Except for gold manacles on her ankles and wrists, she is nude.

"Olga," Parker says.  "I've had a special request for Ivy's services so I'm
going to take her with me.  I've brought Jasmine to replace her as the theater's
cum bucket.  I think the members of the audience will be amused by the contrast
of their white cum on her lovely brown skin."

Jasmine shudders but says nothing.  Ivy is somewhat relieved to learn that she
will no longer have to endure the sperm-storm.  She looks at the young Indian
who appears to be a year of two younger than she.  Her dark face is graced with
a straight nose, large honey-colored almond eyes and full, red lips.  Her glossy
black hair is drawn up in an elaborate French braid.  Ivy notes that that one
side of the sultry beauty's nose is pierced by a tiny golden barbell.  Ivy
recalls that this sort of decorative jewelry is common among the women of India. 
Less common are slightly larger barbells that pierce the dark brown nipples of
the dusky beauty's still-developing breasts.  As Ivy's gaze travels down the
girl's body she notices a similar ornament decorating her clitoris.  Like Ivy's,
her cunt is hairless.

The dog has finished licking Ivy and is pulled away by his master.  An attendant
squats behind her and releases her ankles and calves from the brackets that hold
her in a kneeling position. After removing the device that pries her mouth open,
he grabs her under her arms and lifts her to her feet.  She moans with relief as
the pepper-coated dildo slides out of her battered and abraded cunt.  Her knees
are weak so the attendant holds her by the scruff of her neck before Master
Parker.  Her wrists remain cuffed together behind her back.  Her short
schoolgirl uniform clings obscenely to her body.  Its white shirt is completely
soaked and all but transparent.  Parker can clearly see his fourteen year-old
captive's breasts and nipples.  The tight elastic band around each nubbin has
trapped blood making them swell to twice their normal size.  Now that the
peppered cock is out of her cunt Ivy truly appreciates how much her swollen
nipples ache.

The greasy girl is led away by Madame Olga and Parker.  She looks back to see
the Indian girl being forced to kneel onto the same dildo as had been imbedded
in her cunt.  It has been covered with a fresh coat of pepper sauce.   Jasmine
squeals as workers fasten her legs to the floor.  Men have already begun to form
a line.  Each one waiting eagerly to empty their cocks onto her tender body
before the show continues.

Her master leads Ivy out of the by the same leash and collar that had been
attached to Jasmine.

"We've got to clean her up," Parker says to his colleague.  "She is to entertain
some very special guests.  The Tarkovski brothers have flown in unexpectedly
from Warsaw and have requested some time with Innocent Ivy."

For the first time since arriving in the Bambino Bordello, Ivy sees worry and
disgust on Madame Olga's face.

"When those gentlemen visited the bordello in Rio, they killed two girls and put
four others in the infirmary for weeks," she states.

"I know all about them," responds Parker as they continue down the main corridor
of the building.  "They're my business partners.  Their family has been in the
Thanatos society since the eighteenth century.  You should be honored that they
chose to grace us with their presence.  Besides, they always pay for whatever
they break."

The corridor is still crowded with men and a few women.  Almost all have
selected a young boy or girl for the evening.  A man leading a young Boy Scout
by the hand smiles when he hears the squishing sound made by Ivy's shoes as she
walks.  Her knee-socks are so saturated with semen that her shoes are filled
with the vile cock-slime. 

The teen is led by the sitting rooms.  One room is almost empty.  Most of the
young whores have been chosen and are upstairs.  She notices an old man sitting
next to girl young enough to be his granddaughter.  She is wearing a frilly
white party dress with a large yellow bow around its waist.  In contrast to
these virginal garments the girl, who appears several years younger than Ivy, is
wearing white stockings held up by a small white garter belt.  She wears no
panties.  Ivy can see this for the man has run his hand up the girl's thigh,
pushing up the hem of her dress, and is inserting his dry middle finger to the
first knuckle into her naked pussy while her whispers quietly in her ear.  He
uses his thumb to rub her clitoris.  The expression on the young tart's face is
not fear but lustful anticipation.

When Ivy and her captors get to the foot of the main staircase, Parker hands the
leash to Madame Olga. 

"Take her upstairs and have her washed and dressed.  Then bring her down to the
Chamber 4 on the lower level," he orders.

Olga and her captive climb to the second level of the mansion.  As they walk
down the corridor to the staircase that leads to the upper level Ivy can hear
the sounds coming from behind closed doors.  She can clearly hear the grunts of
people fucking.  As she walks by one room she can hear the shrieks of a young
girl and the whistle and crack of a whip cutting the air and flesh. 

When they arrive on the top floor of the Bordello, Olga hands Ivy over to Boris
and Yuri - the teenaged boys who had dressed her in the Lewd Schoolgirl costume.

They unlock the cuffs holding Ivy's wrists and instruct her to remove all her
clothes.  Once naked she is allowed to remove the elastics binding her nipples. 
She is handed a towel and a bar of soap and led to a shower stall.

For ten minutes Ivy is able to wash the foul slime from her body.  She shampoos
the sperm out of her hair.  Ivy notes that there is a second shower head in the
stall.  It is attached to a flexible hose and is shaped like a penis.  Yuri
reaches into the cubicle and moves a lever on the wall.  Warm water begins to
stream out of the tip and holes in the sides of the dildo/shower head.  Ivy
gratefully takes the penis out of its bracket and carefully works it up her
vagina. The fourteen year-old sighs with relief as the soothing water washes out
the last vestiges of the hot pepper paste.  The tender flesh of her cunt is
still bruised but at least it no longer burns.

Ivy gasps.  While the shower/dildo is imbedded between her legs, one of the
Russian boys turned a dial making the water pouring out of it ice cold.  As they
laugh, she quickly pulls the cock from her cunt.

"Just having a little fun, Ivy," says Yuri as he shuts off the water and leads
her out to a large sunken tub filled with scented, oiled water.  He makes her
get in.

Ivy leans back in until the warm water us up to her chin.  She can feel her
muscles relax.

"The Tarkovski Brothers want you to loosen up for a while before you join them,"
explains Yuri.  "You are to rest in the tub for twenty minutes."

For the first time in days, Ivy is free to relax.  Her trepidation about what is
to come is forgotten in this rare moment of relief.  While the two Russian boys
lay out her costume, she begins to feel the tension in her muscles decrease. 
Unconsciously Ivy allows her right hand drift between her legs.  She closes her
eyes and rests her head on the edge of the tub while she gently strokes the lips
of her vagina.  Her bruised clitoris begins to swell.  Her finger finds the
sensitive organ and begins to rub it.  She opens her mouth and gasps as a
mixture of pain and pleasure shake her body.  Her orgasm is quiet and is the
first instance of pleasure she has experienced since her abduction into the
Thanatos Society.

She continues to rub her cunt but is interrupted by Boris who orders her out of
the bathtub.  After she climbs out the Russian teen hands her a towel.  She
dries herself while being led to the dressing table where her costume is laid
out.  She sits down in the adjustable chair and is still while Yuri dries her
hair and ties it a simple ponytail.  Boris is applying make-up to her face. 
This time it is subtle.  A little pink lip gloss to make her lips appear wet and
a touch of mascara.  When she looks in the mirror she sees a beautiful fourteen
year-old girl looking back.

Ivy is then told to put on her costume. It consists of a thin white T-shirt and
a pair of pink satin shorts.  She is to wear neither panties nor bra.  Finally
she is given white athletic socks and a pair of white and pink Nike running
shoes to wear.  She finishes dressing and looks at herself in the mirror. A
typical American teenager looks back except for the fact that the words in hot
pink on the front of her T-shirt read "My cunt belongs to the Bambino Bordello".

Madame Olga arrives to escort Ivy down to the lower level of the mansion where
the Tarkovski brothers await her.  As they walk to the small elevator Olga
explains.

"The two brothers have rather bizarre habits, Ivy.  You'd better follow their
instructions without hesitation or they will punish you in ways you cannot
imagine.  I remember two years ago when they visited our whorehouse in Paris. 
What they did to a beautiful thirteen year-old girl made even me shudder.  She
had to be taken to a private hospital where she stayed for two months. We
normally would have let her die but the Tarkovskis insisted on paying her
hospital bills.  They wanted her to recover so they could torture her again.  As
it happens she learned of this and killed herself by throwing herself out of the
window of her hospital room.

"These men are so powerful that they are truly above the law," continues the
Russian woman as she and Ivy get into the elevator.  "If they find you
displeasing they will kill you as readily as they would kill a fly.  Or should I
say pull the wings and legs off a fly  -- you see, they believe in making those
who displease them suffer.  If you make them mad, don't think you can depend on
the relief of a quick death."

The elevator opens onto the lowest level of the Bambino Bordello.  Ivy is
relieved when she is led past the torture chamber where she witnessed the
castration of the recalcitrant slave earlier that day.

She is stopped in front of a heavy door.  Olga knocks and they enter.  Unlike
the adjacent torture chamber this large suite is set up to look like the living
room in the luxurious suite of a five-star hotel.  White pile carpet covers the
floor.  A heavy brown leather sofa sits in the middle of the room facing a large
plasma television that is fastened to a wall.

Ivy can see into another room.  It appears to be a dining room whose centerpiece
is a large mahogany table.  There are three place setting of fine china plates,
sterling silver cutlery and Waterford crystal glassware.

Sitting at a bar along another wall of the living room are two men - the
Brothers Tarkovski.  They are identical twins in their mid-sixties.  They stand
to greet their guests. Tall and slim with an aristocratic demeanor, both are
wearing exquisitely tailored suits by Hugo Boss.  One is dark blue and the other
a gray pinstripe.  Their tailored white shirts are adorned by identical blue
ties decorated with a repeating pattern of the coat of arms of the Thanatos
Society. 

"Ah Madame Olga," says one of the men in accented English.  "I see you have
bought us our special guest.  Come here my dear."

Ivy meekly approaches the twins who now stand side by side.  They smile
encouragingly at her.  Ivy relaxes a bit.  Surely these sophisticated old men
can't be as dangerous as Madame Olga had described.

"Welcome Ivy," says Blue Suit kindly as he bows to kiss the back of her hands.

Ivy nods her head.

"Madame Olga, she is absolutely exquisite," he continues.  "A perfect example of
the All-American teen."

Addressing Ivy again he says, "I understand you've had a very harrowing time of
it the past few days.  We'd like you to rest a while with us.  You haven't had
much time to eat so I want you to join us for a late dinner, but first there is
something we want you to see.  You can call me Uncle Paul and my brother, Uncle
Daniel"

Still holding Ivy's hand, he leads her to the leather sofa.  Daniel tells Madame
Olga that she can leave.  He then joins Paul on the sofa.

Ivy is sitting between the two brothers.

"Ivy," says Paul.  "You probably don't know this but we are partners with your
owner Master Parker in the Thanatos film and video production business.  I'm
happy to say that you are star of what will be a series of films the first of
which is being edited in our Warsaw studio even as I speak.  We've brought a
rough copy of the trailer that we intend to include at the beginning of some of
our current features.  Watch."

While Paul clicks the button on a video remote his brother presses a switch on
the end table that dims the room lights.

The sixty-inch plasma television comes to life with an image of the Thanatos
Society symbol.  The deep voice of a narrator begins.

"Thanatos Films is proud to present its latest production - 'Innocent Ivy -A
Daughter's Degradation'."

The image fades and is replaced by a shot of Ivy before her abduction.  She is
smiling as she sits at the table in the cozy kitchen of her grandmother's house. 
Her mother and father are seated at the table as well.  They all smile happily
as Granny takes a sheet of fresh oatmeal raisin cookies from the oven.  The old
woman slides the cookies onto a cooling rack.

"Fourteen year-old Ivy is an Innocent Victim of the Society.  Her world falls
apart when her parents give her to the Thanatos Society," says the narrator.

The image of the happy domestic scene dissolves to be replaced by an overhead
shot of Ivy naked and spread-eagled in the cellars of the Manor.  The viewer can
clearly see her father brutally ripping away her virginity with his engorged
blood-stained cock.  Ivy sweaty face is twisted in pain and humiliation as her
father pounds his penis into her tight, bleeding cunt.

"Discriminating viewers will revel in the torture and degradation of this
innocent young soul," continues the narrator.

The image fades to be replaced by a picture of Ivy back at her grandmother's
kitchen happily munching on a cookie while her parents look on with devotion. 
Her granny sits at the table knitting what looks like a sweater for the girl.

That scene dissolves to one of a naked Ivy chained to the floor in the lobby of
Thanatos Manor being forced by her granny to eat her dog-shit laced cookies
whose raisins have been replaced by dead flies.  Next we see Ivy strung up on a
frame while her grandmother happily shoves a jagged eight-inch needle through
the base of her left breast.  Blood flows freely from the wounds made by a
similar needle in her right tit.

That scene is quickly followed by a montage of the poor girl standing and
singing a hymn while her former schoolmate cruelly jams his thumb repeatedly
into her cunt in time to the rhythm her song.

Next we see her on all fours while a penis-shaped cattle prod is shoved up her
ass.  That scene dissolves to one of Ivy sucking on the filthy toes of a hugely
obese man.

While Ivy watches this cavalcade of pain the two Polish brothers have begun to
caress her. "Uncle" Paul who sits on her left has put his right hand around her
shoulders and is caressing her right breast through her thin T-shirt.  Meanwhile
his brother has run his hand up Ivy's right thigh, pushing up the satin hem of
her shorts until the edge of his little finger rests lightly on the lip of her
vagina.

The narrator of the preview reminds viewers that Ivy's tribulations have just
begun.  The screen now shows the young girl on all fours again as a large Irish
wolfhound fucks her from behind.  The camera zooms into a tight shot of the
animals engorged red prick sawing in and out of Ivy's dripping cunt.

The final scene is Ivy with a feeding tube leading from her ass to her mouth as
she is twisted into a crate for shipment to the Bambino Bordello.

The narrator says that "Innocent Ivy" is only the first of a series of films
starring this fourteen-year old beauty and that several more are planned.

Ivy is thoroughly humiliated at the thought of her suffering being put on film
for the entertainment of the perverted members of a sadistic society.  Her eyes
well up and tears trickle down her cheeks.

The Tarkovski brothers appear to ignore her despair.  Paul is pinching and
twisting her nipple while his brother is running his fingers along the lips of
Ivy's vagina.  Despite herself Ivy can feel her cunt begin to get wet.

When the preview ends both brothers rise, turn of the television and turn on the
lights.

"My dear," says Uncle Paul.  "You are becoming a valuable asset to the Society. 
If your film sells well your master will be disinclined to have you star in a
snuff film - at least for the near future."

He graciously takes her hand and leads her from the sofa into the dining room.
Ivy feels a little less afraid now that she has been described as valuable to
the fortunes of the Thanatos Society.  Surely they will let her live and stay
relatively intact as long as she co-operates.  She makes up her mind to do so.

His brother asks if she is hungry.  In fact, except for the copious loads of
sperm she's been forced to drink, Ivy has eaten nothing  since arriving at the
Bordello.  She is ravenous.

"I am hungry, Uncle Daniel," she responds, smiling shyly.

"Good.  We want you to join us for dinner," he says as he pulls out a chair for
her to sit down on.  "We've brought out personal chef from Warsaw who ensures us
that the meal he has prepared is like none you've had before.

As Daniel is talking, Ivy notices that there are small video cameras mounted on
the walls of the dining room.

"Before we start I just want to say we're both getting on in years and the sight
of one such as you -- so young and beautiful  -- is a tonic to us both," says
Paul.  "Would you do us the honor of disrobing?"

After all she's been through in the past few days, Ivy is not surprised by the
request.  She is surprised by the polite way is has been asked.

Ivy nods meekly, stands up and removes all her clothes under the steady gaze of
the two brothers.

"My dear," says Uncle Paul.  "I know what you've been through since you've been
brought to the Society.  It is truly remarkable that there is very little
physical sign of your ordeals on your lovely body.  But for a little bruising
around the opening of your exquisite vagina, you look like a young Venus rising
from the foam."

His brother agrees.  "There is much to be said for fine physical conditioning of
the young and the healing powers of the Society's emoluments."

Ivy is invited to sit down again so the meal can begin.

Paul is seated at the head of the table.  Brother Daniel sits at the foot and
Ivy sits between them. Paul rings a small crystal bell to signal the staff that
they are ready to dine.

A door opens and a beautiful Asian girl comes carrying a bottle of white wine. 
She is about sixteen years of age.  The leggy beauty is wearing an abbreviated
French maid's outfit.  She wears a small white cap, a tight bustier that pushes
her breasts up, a tiny black skirt over a small white crinoline and black
stockings held up by a black garter belt. She is shod in black patent-leather
shoes with five inch stiletto heels. 

She circles the table filling their glasses and leaves the room.

Ivy, being only fourteen, has rarely drunk wine.  However, up until a few days
ago she had never sucked cock or been fucked.  She tentatively reaches for the
goblet and tastes the wine.  It is delicious.

The maid returns pushing a serving cart upon which are three bowls of soup.  Two
bowls are blue and the third is pink.  The maid carefully places a blue bowl in
front of each brother and sets the pink one on Ivy's plate.  She then leaves the
room. 

The bowls are covered with melted cheese.

"I hope you like French onion soup, dear Ivy," Uncle Paul says.

"I do," Ivy smiles and remembers the few times she was served that wonderful
onion-flavored broth upon which floated a toasted slice of baguette.  The whole
bowl would be covered with delicious melted cheese.

"Bon appetit," says Uncle Daniel as he and his brother lift their spoons.

Ivy is very hungry and picks up her silver soupspoon.  She notices that the
cheese on her soup is somewhat paler than is on the bowls of the two Polish
brothers.  She digs her spoon into the top of the soup capturing a large piece
of melted cheese.  She reminds herself to be careful because the melted cheese
is stringy and she doesn't want hot cheese to fall on her naked body.  Carefully
she turns the spoon so that the cheese separates cleanly from the bow.  With
watering mouth she pops into her mouth.

She gags.  Both brothers are looking at her, smiling.  She looks down at her
bowl and wonders why the cheese tastes strongly of sperm!  Grimacing she
swallows and quickly puts down her spoon.

"Ivy," asks Daniel.  "Don't you like your soup?  We had chef prepare your bowl
especially for you.  Your master has told me that you have developed quite a
taste for semen so, instead of pure Gruyere cheese, I've had chef blend your
portion with a half-cup of dog's semen.  He also soaked the baguette in sperm. 
You don't want to disappoint my brother and me by not finishing, do you? To say
nothing of the insult to chef.

Reluctantly, Ivy picks up her spoon and continues to eat.  Soon she has consumed
all of the sperm-den cheese and bread.  She is relieved to be able to
concentrate on the onion soup itself.

Observing her finish the melted topping of her soup, "Uncle" Daniel asks her if
she enjoyed it. Astonishingly, Ivy comes to the realization that she has
developed an appreciation of the taste of different types of sperm.  She nods
her head slowly.

"I'm not surprised, my dear," he comments.  "If one can develop a taste for such
things as oysters and Roquefort cheese one can come to appreciate just about
anything.

Ivy quickly finishes the soup and sets down her spoon.

The maid returns with three small bowls of sherbet.

"Ah good," remarks Paul.  "Some lemon sorbet to cleanse the palate before the
salad course.

Ivy looks apprehensively at the bowl in front of her.  Is it lemon sorbet or
piss?

Her fears are somewhat relieved when Daniel begins to speak.

"Ivy.  You know what my brother and I like even more than sorbet in a bowl?"

"What, Uncle Daniel?" asks Ivy.

"Sorbet licked of the nipples of a young girl.  Will you accommodate us please?"

Ivy rises from her chair and goes over to Daniel.  He holds his bowl of sorbet
out to her and she dips her left breast into the mound of icy crystals.  The
freezing mixture causes her nipple to swell immediately.  Daniel removes the
bowl.  Particles of the frozen delicacy cling to the tip of Ivy's breast.  He
bends and takes her breast into his mouth, licking the sorbet off of her
engorged nipple.

Ivy then goes to Paul and dips her other breast into his bowl of sorbet.  For
five minutes she goes back and forth between the brothers, offering her breasts
to them.  Ivy is conscious of the cameras recording the image of a naked young
beauty offering her breasts to two old men.

 When their bowls are empty, she is allowed to sit down and finish her sorbet. 
She is relieved to discover that hers is indeed lemon, not piss flavored.

At a signal from Paul, the maid returns to remove the sorbet bowls and bring in
individual plates of salad.  She lays a chilled fork beside each plate.

The salads appear to be of mixed greens topped with a creamy dressing.  She
picks up her fork and stabs a piece of lettuce.  As soon as it hits her tongue
she realized that her salad dressing has been made with sperm.

"Do you like you salad, dear?" asks Paul.

Ivy politely says that she does.

"This time chef mixed a quarter-cup of bull semen in your dressing," Daniel
informs her with a smile.  "Lots of protein for a growing girl."

As Ivy finishes her salad Daniel asks her if she had ever sucked a cock before
she sucked her father's in the dungeon of Thanatos Manor.

"No, Uncle Daniel" she responds in a whisper.

"Did you even date?"

"No."

"Good.  I think that fourteen is too young to date.  Don't you agree Paul"

"Yes, indeed." Paul replies.  "Too young to date but not too young to
masturbate.  Right, young Ivy?"

Ivy didn't think it possible but she begins to blush.

"Oh yes. My dear," Paul continues.  "We've seen hidden camera films that your
parents took of you rubbing you little clitty in your bedroom when you thought
that you were alone.  In fact we're going to include some of that footage in the
second volume of the Innocent Ivy film series.  I believe we have film of you
masturbating when you were only eleven years old."

Ivy has lost her appetite for the salad and puts down her fork.

The maid returns to clear the table and place more sorbet on the table.

"Ah, wonderful!" remarks Paul  "This time it's champagne sorbet."

Ivy expected that they would want to eat more of the frozen treat from her
nipples.  She was wrong.

"Ivy," says Paul.  "Last time you were gracious enough to let my brother and I
eat from your breasts.  I feel it only fair that we allow you to eat some sorbet
from our cocks.

Upon saying that, both brothers stand up and remove all of their clothing.  The
maid waits patiently to fold and take their clothes from the room.  Ivy can see
that both men are in pretty good shape for their age.  The hair on their chests
and their pubic hair is silver.  Both men have identical penises.  Although only
semi-erect each thick organ is more than seven inches long.

They return to their seats.  Paul tells Ivy to get under the table and crawl to
him.  She does as ordered.  As she approaches she can see now his erect penis
resting on the seat of the chair.  With a small spoon he piles a small column of
sorbet on the top of his cock's glans.  Ivy carefully lifts the large cock and
envelops the head with her mouth.  She sweetness of the sorbet is mixed with the
salty taste of penis.  Uncle Paul pushes her head away so that he can pile on
some more sorbet.  Again the teenager takes the old man's rod in her mouth
licking away the frozen delicacy which is now mixed with salty pre-cum.

When there is no more sorbet in Paul's bowl she is told to eat the sorbet off of
Uncle Daniel's cock.  She does this and returns to her chair.  Neither brother
has ejaculated.

Uncle Paul rings the tiny bell next to he place setting and the maid appears. 
"Soo-linn," says Paul.  "Our guest has made us most excited.  Would you please
suck us off before bringing in the main course?"

"Of course, Master," the Asian teen replies and drops to her knees and crawls
under the table.  She takes Paul's hard penis in her mouth and begins to suck.

While the girl is nosily deep-throating the Uncle Paul, Uncle Daniel asks Ivy if
she realizes that she is not the first "Innocent Ivy" to enjoy the hospitality
of the Thanatos Society.

Ivy responds that she did not know this.

"Indeed," he continues.  "I believe you are 'Ivy #32'.  Did your parents ever
tell you why they named you 'Ivy'?"

"They said I was named after my father's great-grandmother," she replies.

"Well they lied," says Daniel.  "Every girl such as you who is destined from
birth to become a slave of the Society is named 'Ivy" - 'I.V.' for 'Innocent
Victim'."

"We have a surprise for you," says Daniel as the Chinese teen noisily sucks his
brother's penis.  "You are soon going to meet "Ivy Number 31".  She was an early
bloomer and was brought to the Society last year when she was only twelve.  She
is a star of a series of Innocent Ivy films called "Innocent Ivy - Nature
Lover". Perhaps one day you will be given an opportunity to watch them."

A grunt from his brother indicates that he is cumming in the Chinese girl's
mouth.  She swallows all of his sperm, not spilling a drop.  Without being asked
she crawls under the table and takes Uncle Daniel's penis in her mouth.

Uncle Daniel seems not to notice the ministrations of the beautiful young teen
and continues his conversation with Ivy.

"Yes my dear, your predecessor is with us today and will be joining us for the
main course," he says with a wicked smile.

"We bought her from the Society six months ago specifically to star in the film
series mentioned by my brother," says Uncle Paul who has fully recovered from
the blow-job.

"You see," he continues. "We own a large country estate in the Polish
countryside.  It is part farm and part private zoo.  Many members of the Society
have a fondness for seeing young girls 'feel at one with nature'.  In the case
of Ivy 31 she 'felt at one with nature' by getting fucked by a variety of
animals.

Ivy listens with wide-eyed astonishment as Uncle Paul goes on.

"Yes indeed.  We filmed horses, boars, goats and a donkey raping the little
beauty.  In the second film she entertained the affections of wild animals.  We
had to build a platform to support Ivy five feet off the ground so a giraffe
could get his large prick into her cunt.  Other exotic animals that we filmed
raping her included a chimpanzee, a zebra, a caribou and a bull-moose.  By the
time we were finished with her that cunt of hers could accommodate everything
but an elephant's cock."

Paul is interrupted by the sound of his brother's low groan as he empties his
balls in Soo-Linn's mouth.

The maid stands up, and straightens her outfit.  Her lips gleam with semen.

"Is there anything else you gentlemen want?" she asks.

"Yes, there is," replies Paul.  "Show Ivy that trick that your mother taught
you."

With a smile the maid walks over to stand beside Ivy.  She tilts Ivy's head back
and tells her to open her mouth.

With her face over Ivy's, she opens her own mouth wide.  It is empty.  She then
closes her mouth.  She grimaces and her shoulders shake.  Ivy hears a series of
gagging sound coming from the girl's throat.    With a smile the Chinese beauty
opens her mouth again and a large stream of the Tarkovski brothers' semen flows
onto Ivy's tongue."

As Ivy struggles to swallow the load, Uncle Daniel explains that Soo-Linn is a
master of regurgitation.  He cannot understand how she can cough up only the
sperm he and his brother deposited in her stomach and not the meal he knows she
ate an hour before.

With a smile and a curtsy to Paul, the Oriental maid leaves the room.

Daniel continues to tell Ivy about her predecessor's film career.  In the third
volume of the "nature" series Ivy #31 was raped by smaller animals such as
snakes, squirrels, gerbils, mice and rats.

"You are probably asking yourself how can small animals with small pricks rape a
teenaged girl," says Uncle Daniel.  "Well we used a speculum to spread her
vagina and inserted a clear plastic cylinder into her cunt.  This cylinder was
about two feet long and four inches in diameter.  With long forceps we inserted
whatever the particular animal ate deep into her cunt and then put the animal in
the tube.  We had peanuts shoved into her and let a squirrel loose in the
cylinder.  The little beast had sharp claws and tore her up pretty badly.

"The 'money-scene" was having a large rat crawl all the way inside Ivy's snatch. 
You see, he was half-starved and went after some grain we had shoved into Ivy. 
Ivy howled like a wild animal herself.  On the film you can actually see her
lower abdomen swelling as the rat digs itself deeper into her until only a few
inches of his tail extend from her cunt.  We then put a small python in the
cylinder.  It hadn't been fed for weeks and went after the rat right away.  It
crawled into Ivy #31 and sunk its fangs into the haunches of the rat. 
Unfortunately, with the rat in its mouth the snake's head was so large that he
couldn't remove it from Ivy's vagina.  It's a good thing Ivy was tied down for
it took a long time for that snake to swallow enough of the rat that its carcass
passed along the body of the snake and out of Ivy's cunt.  We then pulled the
snake out by it's tail.

"Oh yes," says Uncle Daniel  "Ivy was lots of fun.  Now it's time to meet her. 
But first we've arranged a visit by one of her co-stars."

Uncle Paul rings the bell and this time the Chinese maid enters the room leading
a giant chimpanzee by the hand.  Ivy is shocked at the size of the beast.

Noticing her surprise, Daniel explains that most of the chimps she's used to
seeing on television are young as they are more easily handled. 

This beast is a fully mature male.  The ape is covered in coarse black hair.  He
looks around the room as he knuckle-walks behind the maid.  His gaze rests upon
naked Ivy and his dull eyes brighten and he begins a low huffing noise.

-------------- End of Part 10




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - Part 11

Ivy is horrified as the oriental maid leads the full-grown chimpanzee around the
table.

"Brutus has received special conditioning since he was young," Daniel explains. 
"The sight and smell of a naked girl like you excites him more than a female
chimp in heat."

Brutus lets go of Soo-Linn's hand and stands straight to walk on two legs. 
Standing, he is over five feet tall.  As he approaches with his long arms held
over his head, Ivy clearly sees his erect penis.  It is almost six inches long. 
He comes closer to the teenager who notices with growing revulsion that his
penis is now dripping clear pre-seminal fluid from its tip.

The animal stops beside Ivy's chair.   She can smell his musky animal odor.  He
reaches out with his left paw and strokes her breast.  The teen shudders as his
long rough fingers fondle her bosom.  Despite herself she can feel her nipples
harden under the chimpanzee's harsh caress.  He moves his long arm down her body
so that his paw now rests between her legs.  He makes a huffing, grunting noise
while he inserts his long finger into her vagina.  The girl tries to move away
but the ape grabs the back of her head with his other long arm, holding her in
her chair.  He then brings his face closer to hers and grimaces.  His lips curl
up to reveal large yellow teeth.

"He wants to kiss you," says Paul. "It's one of the tricks we taught him."

The beast brings his face closer to Ivy.  She can smell his foul breath.   As he
pushes his finger farther into her bruised cunt, the chimp inserts his tongue
into the fourteen year-old's mouth and covers her lips with his.  She struggles
to escape but the ape is too strong.  His tongue completely fills her mouth in a
travesty of a lover's kiss.  Ivy's stomach heaves as the chimpanzee's saliva
mixes in her mouth with hers.  She tries not to throw up.

"You know, my dear," says Daniel to Ivy.  "If you are to finish our dinner in
peace you are going to have to calm Brutus down."

"My brother has a point," says Paul.  "I suggest you take his cock in your hand. 
Perhaps you can jerk him off."

Ivy reluctantly reaches between the chimp's legs and fondles his hot penis.

Both brothers laugh as Brutus begins to screech excitedly.  He quickly pulls his
finger out of the aching chamber of Ivy's vagina.  He then pushes Ivy's chair
back from the table and leaps onto the seat before she can escape.  He stands
facing the teenaged girl, his feet straddling her legs.  Because he, like all
chimps has long arms but short legs, his erect cock is pointing directly at
Ivy's face.  The beast roughly grabs Ivy's ears and pulls her head toward his
dripping penis.  The fourteen year-old's face is so close that she can feel the
heat radiating from its fleshy cap.  He keeps pulling until his cock bumps Ivy's
lips.  She refuses to open her mouth.  However, the chimp has been trained well. 
He shrieks loudly and viciously twists Ivy's ears.  As she opens her mouth in a
painful scream he lurches forward and forces his vile cock past her lips and
along her tongue until it's tip batters the back of her oral cavity.  She can
feel the ape's pre-cum trickling down her throat as he holds her head tightly. 
Her nose is buried in the coarse fur of his belly.

Fortunately for Ivy, the ape doesn't make her suck his cock for more than a few
seconds.  With a grunt he pushes her head back.  His penis pops loudly out of
her mouth.  The chimpanzee quickly jumps from Ivy's chair.  Once on the floor he
grabs the teen by her hair and rudely pulls her onto the floor with him.  Ivy is
resting on fours when the beast quickly goes behind her.  Standing between her
legs her grabs her buttocks with his paws and rams his cock into her cunt.  Ivy
can feel the hard ape-cock pushing into her soft flesh.  Both brothers are
immensely pleased at the sight of the large chimpanzee raping the helpless young
girl.  They know it will make a wonderful scene in one of Ivy's movies.

"Play the bongos for us," Uncle Daniel order the chimp.

Immediately the ape begins to slap Ivy's buttocks as if playing a drum.  Ivy
squeals as the chimpanzee uses both paws to spank her.  She tries to crawl
forward but the beast quickly grabs her hips in his powerful hands.

Brutus shrieks loudly and thrusts into Ivy repeatedly until he emits a louder
screech.  Ivy can feel hot chimpanzee semen flood her vagina.  Having cum, the
ape pulls out of the girl.  She can feel his sperm trickling out of her cunt and
down her thighs.

She collapses to the floor.  Her humiliation at being raped and spanked by a
chimpanzee is surpassed only by the shame she feels when she realizes that this
violation is being recorded for the entertainment of the members of the Thanatos
Society.

The ape is now quiet and allows himself to be led away by Soo-Linn.

Ivy lays on the floor, exhausted.

"Oh do get up, my dear," orders Paul.  If you lay there you will miss the main
course.  Chef worked extra hard to prepare it and you don't want to disappoint
him by not eating."

Ivy drags herself to her feet.  As soon as she is erect she can feel the
chimpanzee's semen flowing out of her vagina and down the inside of her thighs. 
She resumes her place at the table.

Soo-Linn enters pushing a cart.  Two muscular members of the Bordello staff
accompany her.  On the cart are two large platters covered with silver domes. On
a shelf on the bottom of the cart is a large rotating "lazy susan" which one of
the men places on the centre of the table. Both men are needed to take the heavy
platters from the cart and deposit them on the table.  The smaller platter is
near Uncle Paul and the larger one has been placed on the stand in front of Ivy. 
Ivy mouth begins to water.  The smell is delicious.

"Do you like pork?" asks Daniel

"Yes," Ivy replies.

"Have you ever eaten roast suckling pig?" asks Paul.

"No," murmurs Ivy. " But I've seen pictures of it.  A whole pig roasted with an
apple in its mouth and cranberries in its eyes."

"Then this is your lucky day," says Paul ironically.  He nods to an attendant
who lifts the silver dome from the smaller platter.  Lying on a bed of greens is
a whole pig.  It does have an apple in its mouth as well as a red cranberry for
each eye. It looks delicious with crackling golden brown skin.

While Ivy eyes the roast piglet hungrily  Soo-Linn is placing bowls of side
dishes on the table.

Uncle Paul continues.  "Ivy.  Have you ever eaten 'long-pork'?

She had never heard of it.  "No, Uncle Paul.  Is it the same as roast piglet?"

"It is very similar," he responds with a laugh.  "But with one significant
difference.  Instead of roast piglet, it is roast 'cuntlet'."

As soon as he is finished speaking an attendant lifts the dome on the second
large platter.

Ivy cannot believe her eyes.  She tries to stand and run away but the strong
hands of an attendant push her down on her chair.

Lying on the platter is the roasted and trussed carcass of a teenaged girl.

"Meet your predecessor, Ivy #31," laughs Daniel.

Ivy cannot tear her eyes away from the platter.  Her predecessor is kneeling on
the platter in a bed of lettuce.  She is leaning forward and her head rests with
one cheek on the large serving dish.  Steam rises slowly from her body.  She
faces Ivy.

"In a Chinese feast, when the fish is served it is important that the head of
the fish be pointed at the guest of honor," says Paul.  "Ivy #31 is facing you
as you are our guest of honor."

Ivy notes with dread that instead of an apple, the girl has a large penis in her
mouth.

"That dick in her mouth was contributed with some reluctance by one of the
graduates of the Warsaw Bambino Bordello," says Paul.  "You see he reached the
age of seventeen and was too old to stay.  As nobody else wanted him, we bought
him and had him butchered.  While the rest of him is going into the sausages we
serve the inmates of the Bordello, chef thought his cock would make a fine
decorative touch to the dish before you.  Instead of cranberries each of his
balls grace the sockets of Ivy 31's eyes.  You see, her eyes would burst during
the cooking process.  So Soo-Linn plucked them out with two teaspoons just
before she was placed in the oven."

Ivy's stomach heaves.  She notices that the poor girl on the platter has had her
ankles wired to the ends of a two-foot long spreader bar.  A similar bar has
also been fastened to her knees to keep them widely separated so she doesn't
fall over on her side. Her wrists are bound behind her back.  With growing
horror she realizes that her predecessor must have been roasted while she was
still alive!

Her suspicions are confirmed when Soo-Linn turns the platter so that the roast
girl's bum faces Ivy.  She sees that a large carrot has been shoved in the
girl's ass.  Looking between the girl's legs Ivy can see that her abdomen is
intact.  She was not eviscerated before being put in the oven.

"Ivy, while my brother and I dine on the piglet, you will eat the girl,"
instructs Uncle Paul.  "Daniel, would kindly serve our guest?"

With a smile Daniel rises and picks up a carving knife and double pronged
carving fork.

"Ivy," he says.  "As a corn-fed country girl you must have eaten roast chicken
many times.  Do you remember your mother saving the 'oysters' of the chicken as
a special treat for you?"

She does indeed remember and nods her head.  The so-called oysters are small
round pieces of tender dark meat that can be found in the otherwise bony back of
a chicken.

"Well, my dear," Daniel continues.  "I'm going to serve you this girl's oysters"

He deftly pushes the fork into the plump cunt lips of the poor victim and slices
it off.

To Ivy's horror he places it and the other cunt filet on her plate.  He then
cuts some thin slices of buttock and places them on the plate.  He rotates the
platter until the roast girl's head is closest to him.  Her carefully removes
the roast cock from her mouth and put it Ivy's plate.  Finally he pokes his fork
into one of the dead girl's "eyes" and deposits a roast gonad beside the cooked
cock.

Soo-Linn then takes the plate and sets it before Ivy.

As Ivy stares at the meat in front of her the Chinese teen offers her some side
dishes.  She adds to the plate some steamed asparagus that she covers with a
cream sauce.

"Chef has spiced up the cream sauce with half a cup of horse sperm", she murmurs
softly.

The maid then takes the cover off a large bowl of mashed potatoes.  She spoons
some onto Ivy's plate. 

"Let me pour some gravy on those potatoes," she says.  Ivy is horrified as she
watches the girl pour "girl-gravy" onto her potatoes.

"Of course," says Soo-Linn.  "Chef thickened the gravy with some pig semen."

Soo-Linn withdraws but the attendants remain.  Uncle Paul has carved the roast
pig and served both himself and his brother.

Reluctantly Ivy picks up her knife and fork.  She prods a piece of filet of cunt
and slices it in two.  As she slowly lifts her fork to her mouth Uncle Paul
tells her that he expects her to eat everything on her plate and that if she
throws up, she will eat that too.

Ivy puts the cunt meat in her mouth and begins chewing.  Astonishingly, it is
delicious.  It tastes similar to roast pork but with a more delicate flavor.

After twenty minutes she has eaten everything on her plate except for the cock
and the ball.

Uncle Daniel admonishes her.  "Ivy, finish up so we can have dessert.  That cock
on your plate reminds me what our mother used to do.  When she had chef roast a
chicken she always made sure that the chicken's neck was cooked as well.  It was
mostly bone but did contain some tasty meat.  That cock has no bone in it and
looks delicious.  Why don't you pick it up and eat it with your hands like a
spear of asparagus."

Ivy does as she is instructed.  Lifting the large roast cock off of her plate. 
She opens her mouth and places the head of the penis on her tongue.  She them
bites down, severing the glans from the rest of the organ.  She chews it quickly
and swallows it.  Its flavor is stronger than the girl-meat she has been eating.

Finally she pierces the roast gonad with her fork and pops it in her mouth like
a meatball.  When she bites down it bursts, flooding her mouth with
sperm-flavored juice.  She chews the meat, noticing that it much tougher than
the cock head and swallows it.  At last her plate is clean.

The brothers have finished as well and the maid and attendant return to clear
the table.

As Paul leans back in his chair he says to Ivy.  "You know my dear, you have
impressed me greatly.  You see my brother and I made a bet before you arrived. 
I said that you would not be able to eat the food you were given and he said you
could.  So far he is right.  If you can just finish the special dessert we've
had prepared, he will win.  What does he win you ask?  Well if he wins he gets
to spend one hour alone with you in this suite.  And if he loses....  Well dear,
he doesn't really lose.  You do.  If you cannot finish dessert we both get to
play with you for two hours in the torture chamber next door.  Now, let's have
dessert.

Paul rings the bell and Ivy's heart leaps in her chest as she recalls Madame
Olga's warning to her about how dangerous these men can be.

Uncle Daniel says that as a fresh faced all-American teen she must love ice
cream in general and banana splits in particular.  To remind her of the home she
would never see again she is to have a very special banana split.

The Chinese maid returns wheeling a cart upon which are containers of ice cream
and all the decorative goodies one puts on a banana split.

"Soo-Linn would you please do the honors and prepare the desserts for us?" asks
Uncle Paul.

"Of course, Master," she replies.

"We want a classic banana split and I believe Ivy would enjoy the special one,"
Daniel remarks.

Ivy watches while the oriental beauty prepares three identical looking banana
splits, except she notices that the ice-cream that make up the two brothers'
dishes are taken from different containers than the ingredients that go into her
banana split.  Moreover, Soo-Linn uses different scoops and spoons to create the
treats.

The maid is soon finished and places a long dish of banana split in front of Ivy
and the Tarkovski brothers.

Ivy looks at her dish.  The banana split looks identical to the ones in front of
the two brothers.

"Before we start to eat, my dear," says Uncle Paul.  Let me explain how your
banana split differs from ours.

Our desserts have vanilla, chocolate and strawberry scoops of ice cream.  Your
ice creams are similar in color but your vanilla is made up, naturally, of cream
and sperm.  The chocolate is pure frozen dog shit and the strawberry is made of
cream, sugar and the menstrual blood of Soo-Linn.  Our desserts have bananas and
so does yours.  However your bananas were sliced yesterday and placed in a
urinal in the St Petersburg bus station for eight hours.  The chocolate sauce on
your sperm ice cream is, in fact, a mixture of more dog shit blended with dog
piss.  The strawberry sauce on dog shit ice cream is simply undiluted menstrual
blood and the caramel sauce on the blood ice cream was created by chef who
boiled a pot full of cockroaches down to jelly and then strained the jelly to
make that beautiful golden sauce.  The whipped cream on your dessert is
relatively pure but instead of sugar it contains pulverized insect parts. 
Finally the three maraschino cherries that top each scoop of ice cream shared
the urinal with your bananas.  Now eat up!"

Since her capture, Ivy had been forced to eat many disgusting things - insects,
shit, piss and, of course, sperm.  But this concoction in front of her is, by
far, the most revolting.  Especially since it looks so appetizing.  Heeding
Madame Olga's warning about the savagery of the Tarkovski brothers, she lifts
her spoon and retrieves a cherry and some whipped cream.  When she pops it in
her mouth she can immediately taste the piss that soaks the cherry.  She can
also feel the gritty insect parts that infest the whipped cream.  She takes a
spoonful of frozen dog shit, hoping that if frozen it would be tasteless.  She
put spoon in her mouth.  The frigid shit hits her tongue.  At first it's not too
bad but as the heat of her mouth melts the crap she learns how truly horrible
the bitter mess tastes.  She gags and fights hard not to throw up.  She knows
that she would not survive a two-hour torture session with these two monsters.

After fifteen agonizing minutes she finishes eating.  She still manages to keep
the vile mess down.

"Ivy, I see you're finished," observes Uncle Paul.  'I don't suppose you want
seconds?"

"No thank you," Ivy whispers quickly.

"Very well then," he says and turns to address his brother.  "Daniel, it appears
you have won the bet.  I'll leave Ivy here to your tender mercies and go off to
see what mischief I can get into upstairs.   I remember seeing a delightful
little whore masturbating an old gentleman in one of the sitting rooms.  I'll
dress and go see if she is available.

He leaves Ivy alone with Daniel.

"Ivy," he says.  "Now that we have finished eating, let's go into the other
room.  I understand you have had several years of gymnastic training.  I want to
see just how flexible you can be.  There is a fully equipped gym in the next
room.  I'm sure you are just dying to try out some of its special equipment."

---------------------------- End of Part 11




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - Part 12

"How delightful are the pleasures of the imagination! In those delectable
moments, the whole world is ours; not a single creature resists us, we devastate
the world, we repopulate it with new objects which, in turn, we immolate. The
means to every crime is ours, and we employ them all, we multiply the horror a
hundredfold."
                               
	-------- Marquis de Sade (1740-1814)

"Uncle" Paul Tarkovski, fourteen year-old Ivy's new "friend", leads the pretty
prisoner out of the suite's dining area into a small gymnasium. He admires her
naked body, remarking to himself how little the tortures of the past few days
have marked it. 

Two large leather-clad male attendants are already in the room, preparing the
equipment. 

"Ivy, my dear," says the old man.  "If you are to survive as a sex-slave of the
Thanatos Society, you must be strong and supple.  With these men's help I'm
going to give you the opportunity to show me just how strong you are."

He leads Ivy to the centre of the room where the men await her. 

"Get down on your hands and knees," orders Tarkovski.

The girl does as she is told.  She hears the hum of electric motors and a
trapeze descends from the room's high ceiling.  It stops an inch from the floor,
just in front of her hands.  A similar trapeze comes down to graze the floor
inches from her toes.  The horizontal rod in front of her is one-and-a-half
inches in diameter and three feet in length.  The one at her feet is also three
feet long, except that it is not cylindrical but flat, forming a two-inch wide
platform.  Both are covered in rough sandpaper.

"Now Ivy," says Uncle Paul.   "Put your toes on the back platform and grip the
bar in front of you."

She complies meekly.  An assistant passes a thin wire loop over each of the
girl's big toes, locking her feet onto the trapeze.  The other facilitator hands
a remote control to Tarkovski who presses a button.  With barely audible whirs
winches in the ceiling draw up both trapezes at the same time.  Ivy is forced to
support her weight on only her hands and toes. The rough surfaces of the bars
chafe her skin.  The naked teen hangs suspended four feet from the floor.  She
allows her body to sag so that it is bent like a bow with her pelvis at its
lowest point.

"You are indeed quite flexible," Tarkovski remarks as he admires the way that
the teen can bend her body backwards.

"Now let's see how strong your are."

One of the men brings a small table whose height can be adjusted and places it
in front of Ivy.

Ivy's heart leaps when she sees what horrors scuttle in small circles on the
surface of the platform.  An oval of six nails has been hammered into the wooden
top of stand.  Each nail is separated from the other by three inches.  A
one-inch long, red silk thread has been wrapped around each nail.  The other end
of each filament has been glued to the carapace of a black scorpion.

"Growing up in Kansas, I don't suppose you've ever been stung by a scorpion,"
remarks Paul.  "Have you ever been stung by a hornet?"

"Yes," whispers Ivy weakly.

"Well, this type of scorpion's sting is twenty times as painful.  Here, let me
show you."

Very carefully, an assistant grasps the thread binding one of the scorpions and
snaps it from the nail.  He dangles the beast inches from Ivy's face.

She struggles to remain still as she hangs suspended from the ceiling.  Her
stomach lurches at the sight of the shiny black beast.  It struggles as it
dangles from the thread.  Venom drips from its cruel looking stinger as it
thrashes angrily.  With a smile the leather-clad man lifts the tiny beast over
Ivy's head and drops it gently on the small of her back.

"Oh God, Oh God... Oh God!"  Take it off, take it off!" screams Ivy.  She can
feel the legs of the scorpion scrabbling in a circle on her flesh.  Her skin
crawls as the scorpion climbs up the gentle swell of her left buttock.  Ivy
gives a mighty lurch, thrusting her bum high in the air in an attempt to buck
the scorpion off.  Too late!  The tiny beast slams his stinger twice into the
soft flesh of her bum.

"EEEEEAHHHH!!" she screams as hideous burning pain radiates through her entire
left buttock.  She bucks again and again and the tiny beast finally falls off of
her onto the floor.  One of the assistants quickly captures it and refastens it
to the small platform.  The pain in Ivy's butt is growing.  Sweat drips from her
body.

"Don't worry, Ivy, the sting of these scorpions are not fatal," explains Uncle
Paul.  He admires the angry red blisters that have erupted on her skin where the
scorpion plunged its stinger in her flesh.

The fourteen year-old strains to maintain a grip on the rough trapeze bar.  Once
again she allows her body to sag in a downward arc.

"You'd better arch upward, Ivy," says Tarkovski.

Ivy is appalled as one of the assistants slides the scorpion-laden platform
under her so that her belly button is inches from the centre of the hellish
oval.  He turns a handle on the support shaft of the table and the surface
begins to rise.  With all her might, Ivy pushes down on the bars with her hands
and feet.  Her behind still burns with the venom of a single scorpion.  The idea
of a half dozen of them stinging her tender belly and breasts is sickening.

Ivy is now balancing on the bars with her bum in the air.  The muscles of her
legs and arms are swollen and tremble with her exertions.  The assistant
continues to raise the top of the table until it is higher than the bars that
support the poor girl's feet and hands.

"Good," says Paul.  "Let's see if you can hold that position for the next half
hour."

Sweat pour off of Ivy body.  Every muscle in her body quivers with effort as
Paul slowly walks around her, exulting in her misery.


Paul's brother, Daniel, wanders through the upper level of the Bambino Bordello. 
He is attracted by the recorded sound of the children's song "Pop Goes the
Weasel" emanating from one of the larger rooms on the main floor of the mansion. 
There are colored balloons fastened to the doorknob and a sign written in crayon
and taped to the door says, "Annie's Birthday Party - all are welcome". 

Daniel opens the door.  The room is decorated to celebrate a young girl's
birthday.  Near one wall a large table has been set. A smaller table in a corner
of the room is piled with gift-wrapped birthday presents.

Eight girls ranging in age from eleven to thirteen attend the party.  Every
young beauty is wearing a cone-shaped paper party hat and a brightly colored,
frilly  party dress more suited to a six-year-old. They are also wearing white
knee-socks belts and black patent leather Mary Jane shoes. But none are sitting
at the table.  Instead they are participating in a bizarre variation of musical
chairs.

Each girl kneels on a low padded platform measuring three feet square.  Four
girls form a line facing a similar line made up of the other four girls.  Every
one is bent forward so that her forehead rests on the surface of the platform. 
Daniel's cock stiffens at the sight of four naked bums and hairless cunts
peaking out from the hems of the colorful dresses.  Walking around the girls in
time to the music are a dozen patrons of the Bordello.  Each man is naked and
sports a raging hard-on. Daniel quickly strips, hands his clothes to an
attendant and joins the procession.   He and the other men circle the girls
three times when the music suddenly stops.  Moving quickly, each man strives to
place himself behind one of the kneeling girls.  For a man of his age, Daniel is
quite agile and is one of the eight lucky men to stand behind the girl
positioned at the end of a row.  She is a redhead in a green dress.  Using his
left hand he reaches between the girl's legs and spreads the soft lips of her
vagina.  He inserts the tip of his fleshy cock into her cunt and slowly plows
into her until he slams into her cervix.  The seven other men begin plunging
their cocks into the tender pussies of the other girls.

The attendant manning the music announces that the men currently fucking the
girls have won the right to be special guests at birthday party.  He goes on to
remind them that Thanatos Society mineral water, laced with a powerful form of
Viagra, is available for those who want it.

As he saws his cock in and out of the pretty little girl's tight cunt, Daniel
makes a mental note to avail himself of the special water.  He wants to remain
hard throughout the party.  He finds it remarkable that the water not only
allows one to maintain an almost constant erection, but it also promotes the
production of copious amounts of thick, pearly semen.  The girl that he's
plowing grunts each time he slams his cock into her furrow.  Daniel's cock
glistens with her fuck lube when he withdraws it.   She is so turned on that she
is trembling as pussy juice leaks down the insides of her thighs.  The old man
spreads the cheeks of her ass, revealing the tight pink rosebud of her anus.  As
his hand pushes up the hem of her dress he sees that the girl has a scar from a
branding iron on her right butt cheek.  The scar is a "T" overlapping an "S" -
the stylized initials of the Thanatos Society.  Forming a horseshoe shaped
border arching over the scar is a blue tattoo that says, "Property of the
Bambino Bordello". Closing off the open end of the horseshoe is a tattoo of a
year in red ink.  As an experienced patron of the Bordellos Daniel knows that
the tattoo is the girl's year of birth.  He looks down the row of girls and
notes that each one has a similar scar and tattoo.  The girl beside him is black
so her tattoo is in white ink.  Her livid red scar from a recent encounter with
a branding iron is a deep red and stands out well against her ebony skin. 

Tarkovski slowly insinuates his thumb into warm ass-hole of the eleven year-old
he is fucking.  When his entire thumb is buried in her rectum, her sphincter
muscles tighten around the digit, locking it in place.  The girl squirm when he
wriggles his thumb in her bum.  Her trembling increases.  He finds it remarkable
that a youngster just entering puberty can quiver with such passion.  In fact,
based on their moaning and grunting it is obvious that the seven other girls are
just as charged with lust.  As he plunges in and out of the wonderfully tight
cunt he can feel the sperm boiling up in his balls.  The trembling girl moans
loudly as hot sperm shoots out of the old man's cock and bathes the walls of her
fuck tube.  Daniel gasps softly as his penis spasms over and over in the velvety
tightness of her cunt.  A mixture of her cunt juice and his thick sperm drips
out of her vagina to form a puddle on the platform.

By now all the other men are cumming in their little harlots.

With a pop Tarkovski pulls his semi-hard cock from the redhead's cunt.  With
some effort he removes his thumb from her bum hole.   The girl nimbly gets off
the platform.  She stands in front of Daniel and smiles shyly.

"What is your name, my dear?" he asks.

"Violet, Master," the gorgeous lass replies.  By her accent Daniel observes that
she is American.

Daniel appreciates how well trained Violet is as she excuses herself to kneel at
the platform. Like a kitten with a bowl of cream, the young girl quickly laps up
the cooling puddle of fuck juice.  She stands up and faces the old man.  Her
lips glisten with semen.  She gently takes his right hand and examines the thumb
that Daniel had shoved in her ass.  It is streaked with her shit.  Without
hesitation, she brings raises his hand to her face and places the thumb in her
mouth.  She sucks the dirty digit as if it were a chocolate popsicle, swallowing
several times, until all the shit is gone.  She then pulls his hand away from
her lips.  His thumb is clean.

She leads Daniel by the same hand to the table that has been set for the party. 
Violet has Tarkovski sit on one of the padded chairs that ring the table and
perches on his left knee. 

"Which one of you is Annie, the Birthday Girl?" he asks.  Daniel has moved his
hand so far up her leg that he can feel the heat radiating from her vagina.  His
finger is damp from the fuck juice that remains on her thigh.  Before answering,
Violet brings his wet finger to her mouth and licks off the juice.

Squirming a little on his knee, she replies that the birthday girl isn't here
yet but should arrive soon.  He asks how old Annie is and is told that this is
her twelfth birthday.

"Annie is the Paris Bordello's champion masochist," says Violet admiringly.  "We
were there together until they shipped us here.  This birthday party is her
reward for winning the championship."  As she speaks, Violet wraps her right
hand around Daniel's cock and slowly caresses it.

By now the seven other lucky patrons are seated at the table with girls sitting
on their knees.  Other men stand around the table enjoying the spectacle.

The table has been set with plastic party-plates and cutlery as well as plastic
cups.  The pictures that have been printed on the plates amuse the men.  It's
not unusual for a young girl's birthday party to be graced with plates that
depict Cinderella in a "princess-dress" or Alice in Wonderland attending the Mad
Hatter's tea party.  The theme for this party is Alice in Wonderland.  Except
that the pictures printed on some the plates show a naked Alice in chains being
fucked up the ass by the Mad Hatter while the other plates show her on her knees
sucking the cock of the March Hare.  The handles of the plastic forks and knives
are shaped like erect penises.

As Daniel begins to fondle Violet's cunt, the music changes to "Happy Birthday"
which the girls around the table begin to sing.  A door opens and the Birthday
Girl is led into the room by one of the larger male assistants of the
whorehouse.

Annie is naked except for an inexpensive plastic "diamond" tiara in her blond
hair and a black leather dog collar fastened tightly around her graceful neck. 
She is one of the most beautiful young ladies that Daniel has ever seen. The
pre-teen beauty is just over five feet tall.  Blonde ringlets encircle her round
face.  Her peaches and cream complexion is flawless.  She has wide-set
cornflower blue eyes and a small button nose.  She has sensuous lips and a
large, wide mouth. Her alabaster breasts swell gently from her chest and are
tipped with hard pink nipples.  Annie has a flat stomach.  Her hips are still
narrow, just beginning to swell into womanhood.  Her bum is small but juts out
tantalizingly and her legs are long and slender.  As she draws near, Daniel
notices her breasts and bum bear the fading welts of a recent beating.  She
wears a small gold ring through the flesh of the left lip of her labia.  The
string of a red helium-filled balloon has been tied to the ring and the balloon
itself floats several feet above the young beauty's golden head. 

The assistant leads her by a leather leash fastened to her dog collar to a chair
at the head of the table.  She sits down hesitantly, resting her weight on one
buttock.  A barely audible hum emanates from Annie's body.  Seeing Daniel's
puzzled expression, Violet explains that the Birthday Girl has a six-inch
studded butt-plug anchored in her ass.  It has been set to vibrate constantly
and to give of a small electric shock sporadically.  Even as she speaks, Annie's
body jerks from one of the shocks.

One of the kitchen staff follows them into the room carrying a birthday cake
that she places on the table in front of Annie.

The top of the large round cake is ringed with thirteen pink penis-shaped
candles.  The words "Happy Birthday, Pain-Slut Annie" are written in the white
icing in the center of the cake.  The plates are passed to the head of the table
and the Birthday Girl is given a large dull knife to cut the cake.  As pieces of
cake are being passed down the table one of the ubiquitous assistant pours what
looks like red Kool-Aid into the plastic cups.  Pouring,  he explains that both
the cake and drink have been laced with an aphrodisiac as well as a drug that
heightens physical sensation making the girls' skin very sensitive.  The men are
given bottles of special mineral water.

The girls eat and drink.  After a few moments Daniel notices that Violet's
vagina has begun to moisten significantly.  The girl sitting next to them has
finished her cake.  She is the pretty black girl in a pale yellow dress.  She
sits on the knee of a fat, swarthy man.  He appears to be in his mid-fifties. 
The girl hops off of his lap and drops to her knees between his legs.  Gripping
his penis in her small hand, she eagerly sucks it into her mouth.  She noisily
slurps his cock.  In a few minutes she is noisily deep-throating the entire
eight-inch length of the thick organ.  His fleshy shaft glistens with her saliva
as she raises her head until just the tip of his organ remains in her mouth. 
She gazes at him with wide eyes and begins to lick the head of his cock as if it
were an ice-cream cone.  After swathing his cock head she pulls away briefly.  A
long gooey string of cock slime and saliva is suspended from the tip of the
penis to her smiling lips.  Moving quickly, she gobbles down the cock again.

Soon all the girls are kneeling between their guests' legs sucking their cocks. 
All except Annie who sits alone at the head of the table watching the spectacle. 
Daniel notices that the red balloon floating above Annie's head is being jerked
down rhythmically.  He smiles when he realizes that her cunt ring is shaking as
she rubs her clit with her finger.  The sound of eight girls sucking cock is
music to Daniel's ears.   Soon the man beside Daniel groans.  He begins to shoot
his load onto the tongue of the little African girl.  She manages to capture
almost all of it in her mouth.  When she stands up only a small stream of creamy
sperm trickles out of the left corner of her mouth.  A few drops of silvery
sperm drip off her chin onto the front of her yellow dress. 

Two more guests ejaculate as the first girl walks to the head of the table. 
When she gets to where Annie is seated, the birthday girl tilts her head back
and opens her mouth.  The little black girl steps forward until she is looking
down on Annie.  She opens her mouth and a stream of sperm dribbles out of her
mouth onto the pink tongue of the other girl.  Two other girls, their cheeks
bulging, wait patiently behind the first girl.  When she is done they drop their
loads of cum into the waiting mouth of Annie.  The sight of this excites the
rest of the men to orgasm.  Soon all the little girls, including Violet, have
drooled the semen of their patrons into the mouth of the Birthday Girl.    They
return to sit on the laps of the men.  Annie carefully closes her mouth, her
cheeks bulge.  Tilting her head up slightly, she opens her lips to show that her
mouth is completely filled with the sperm of eight men.  She tilts her head back
and begins to blow bubbles of sperm.  A sticky froth of cock-slime form on her
lips.  Some of bubbles grow quite large before wetly bursting.   She stops
blowing and closes her mouth.  She swallows twice and opens it, showing all that
she has gulped down the entire load of eight penises.  More than a cup of
stringy, white sperm.  The girls around the table clap their hands while Annie
smiles angelically.  She is proud of herself.

By now all the girls have removed their dresses and shoes.  They are clad only
in white knee socks and party hats.  The girl directly across the table from
Daniel and Violet is balancing with her feet on the thighs of the man on whose
lap she is sitting. She has her back to the man and is facing Daniel.  Her hands
grip the arms of the chair and the man is holding the black-haired beauty by her
narrow hips.  The man's erect penis is imbedded deeply in her anus.  She is
energetically bouncing up and down on the cock.  The man is fondling and
pinching the nipples of her developing breasts.  A look of rapture is on her
face as six inches of the man's fleshy penis disappears up her bum.  Daniel has
a good view of her vagina as she is holding her legs wide in order to support
herself on the man's legs.  Clear liquid drips from her cunt.

Within a few minutes the seven other girls are either being buggered or fucked
by their patrons.  Daniel's cock is plowing into the moist warmth of Violet's
vagina.  She is facing him with her legs spread.  She has her arms wrapped
around his neck and is thrusting her soft, pink tongue into his mouth.  She sits
on Daniel's hands so that he can control the speed and depth of his penetration
of her young cunt by lifting and lowering her as he wishes.  All the men are
grateful for the recuperative powers given to them by the Bordello's special
water.

Daniel feels a tap on his shoulder and disengages his mouth from Violet's.  He
looks up and smiles when he recognizes the face of a fellow member of the
Thanatos Society.  A famous retired professional basketball player.   The man
stands nearly seven feet tall. His huge ebony cock juts out through the fly of
his an immaculate black Armani suit.

Daniel," he begins. "It's wonderful to see you."  Pointing to Violet who
continues to ride the older man's dick he continues. "I wonder if I might avail
myself of the use of this delightful girl's mouth."

Always gracious to fellow society members, Daniel agrees.

Violet settles on Daniel's cock and squeezes her vaginal muscles rhythmically as
she bends slightly from the waist and captures the black giant's twelve-inch
penis in her mouth.  The head alone almost fills her oral cavity completely. 
Ever game, the beautiful child-whore begins to swallow the cock while continuing
to use her cunt muscles to squeeze Daniel's member without missing a beat. 
Daniel and the athlete gaze with amazement as inch by inch the foot long cock
slides into her mouth.  Soon six inches of his man-meat have been swallowed. 
The men's eyes widen as the girl's throat actually swells to accommodate the
huge organ.

The older man wonders how she can breathe with that huge cock blocking her
throat.  Inexorably the man pushes his penis further down her gullet until her
pretty up-turned nose is buried in he pubic hair.

With a grunt the black man begins to shoot his sperm directly into her stomach. 
Violet matches the speed of the contractions of her cunt muscles to the rhythm
of the black cock's spasms.  Daniel begins to spew hot love juice into her
vagina as the basketball player slowly pulls his gleaming semi- hard cock from
her mouth.

While this is happening the assistants have brought Annie her birthday presents. 
She stands up and begins to unwrap them as the men continue to ravish the young
girls.   The Birthday Girl tears the red paper from a box that contains a Barbie
Doll.  She takes the doll out of the box to show to the guests.  The men around
the table laugh to see that this is a Barbie unlike any they've seen before.  
It is Barbie in Bondage.  The doll is wearing a leather hood.  Her blonde hair
us in a ponytail that streams out of a hole in the back of the bondage hood. 
Her arms are laced together behind her back wrist to elbow into a tiny leather
sleeve that extends almost to her armpits.  The nipples of her large breasts are
connected to each other with a fine gold chain, held in place by tiny clips. 
Her legs are spread and bent in a kneeling position.  Annie smiles as she
removes a tiny red, plastic dildo from Barbie's anatomically correct cunt.

As Violet continues to hold Daniel's prick with her cunt muscles the Birthday
Girl opens another gift.

"Oh!  I was hoping to get this," she exclaims joyously as she holds up a large
studded dildo.  Like the one in her Barbie Doll, it is bright red.  However this
one has silver quarter-inch long studs covering its entire surface.

The girl being buggered across from Daniel says that she is glad that Annie
likes the present she chose.   "If you look closely you can see little holes in
the tip and along the sides of the plastic cock.  Once in you, it will squirt
hot pepper sauce in your cunt."

"Oh thank you," exclaims the Birthday Girl.

Annie opens the rest of her gifts.  Besides the Bondage Barbie and the dildo,
she has been given a cat-o-nine tails whip, a thicker gold cunt ring and a video
from the Society's "Fucking Fairy Tales" series of stories.

Annie smiles broadly.  "Oh boy!  'Snow White and the Seven Dorks".  It's a new
one I haven't watched yet."  She holds up the video cover for all to see.

The photograph on the cover is of a naked young girl, not much older than those
attending the party.  She is lying back with the cock of one dwarf up her ass. 
A second one is plowing his cock into her hairless cunt.  She is using her hands
to jerk off two more little men (with huge cocks), while a fifth dwarf straddles
her face with his sex shaft buried in her mouth.  The last two little men are
masturbating on her pert breasts.   The amazing thing is that the photo was
taken while all seven dwarfs were climaxing simultaneously.  Snow White's cunt
and ass-hole drip with semen.  Sperm drip down her breasts like syrup on an
ice-cream sundae.  Her nipples are the cherries.  The two little men she is
masturbating are spraying their cum onto her cheeks.  Ribbons of sperm hang from
her earlobes like pearl earrings.  Finally her mouth overflows with the jism of
the dwarf who has just gone off in her mouth.

Annie's other presents include vicious looking nipple clips.  They resemble
bulldog clips except that they are gold and their edges are not smooth but
ripple with tiny saw-like teeth.  Without hesitating, Annie fastens the clips to
her nipples.  She winces but continues to smile.  Tiny rivulets of blood begin
leaking from the tips of her breasts.  The sight of these scarlet rivers excites
three of the men so much that they immediately cum in the cunts of little
partners.

Ignoring the obvious pain, the Birthday Girl opens her last gift.  She squeals
with delight and removes a book.  It is an illustrated edition of "120 Days of
Sodom" by the Marquis de Sade.

Turning to Violet, Annie says, "Oh thank you.  This is a wonderful gift.  I've
always wanted to read this book."

Obviously, Annie is quite intelligent thinks Daniel.  The book is not easy
reading for one so young.  In fact, he is quite familiar with that particular
edition, as it is his company that produced it for the Thanatos Society.  The
numerous illustrations are in fact photographs taken in his studios in Warsaw. 
It subjects were the Society's sex-slaves.

He appreciates that an intelligent slave like Annie feels suffering more keenly
than a less gifted one.  Her superior intelligence lets her mourn more keenly
those lost golden opportunities that might have been hers had she not become
property of the Thanatos Society.  Her only hope now is for someone to purchase
her in the next three years before she becomes too old for the Bambino Bordello
and is made the star of a snuff film.


While the birthday party continues let us join Innocent Ivy back in the
gymnasium with Daniel's twin brother, Paul.

For twenty-five minutes she has maintained her position arched over the table of
scorpions.  The burning pain emanating from the "demonstration" scorpion stings
to her bottom exceeds the aching of her legs and arms and, thus, motivates her
to remain in place.  Her body drips with sweat.

Paul slowly circles the fourteen year-old.  He seems to be absorbing her
suffering with great pleasure.  He laughs when Ivy's exertions cause her to lose
control of her bladder.  She is humiliated as her pee flows down her legs onto
the floor beneath her.

"Trying to drown the scorpions, my dear?" he laughs as several drops of her pee
splashes onto the platform.

An attendant uses a white cotton cloth to sop up the puddle of urine.  He then
bunches it into a dripping ball and forces it into Ivy's mouth.  Sealing her
mouth closed with a wide strip of tape.  She is forced now to breathe only
through her nose.

"Only five minutes to go, Ivy," announces Tarkovski.

She hears this with some relief.  Perhaps she will survive.

Turning to one of the attendants Paul orders him to bring the saddlebags.

Ivy's heart sinks when the old man shows her a black leather saddlebag.

"Let's see if you are fit enough to carry some extra weight," he says as he
hands the bag back to the attendant who drapes it over the small of Ivy's back.  
The other attendant has rolled two carts containing ten-pound weights that he
places on either side of the girl.  With an attendant on her left and Paul on
her right, the men begin placing weights in the bags simultaneously.  Ivy
strains to maintain her arched position when twenty pound are placed in the
bags.  She begins to sob and lower herself after another twenty pounds are added
to her burden.  Her abdomen is now only a few inches above the scorpions.  The
two men add two more weights to the bags.  Ivy strains mightily but the weights
force her inexorably down.  Her body quivers as she struggles to maintain her
position.

Paul smiles at the attendant and says, "Watch this."  He reaches behind Ivy and
plunges his finger into her ass hole.

The shock and pain of this is so unexpected that Ivy loses control of her
muscles.  She falls within the range of the scorpions.  With lightning speed one
beast stings her left breast, another digs his barb into her belly and a third
stings the tender flesh between her navel and her vulva.

"Eaaaaaaaaggghhh!!" screams Ivy through the piss-soaked rag and falls onto the
platform.  Ironically the weight of her body crushes the scorpions.  Only one
manages to sting her belly before it dies.  As the young girl goes into
convulsions, the attendants quickly take her from the trapezes and place her on
the floor.  She curls up in a ball and lies whimpering on her side while Paul
rips the tape from her mouth and removes the piss-gag.

"Well dear, you almost made it," Paul announces.  "In fact, you came so close
that I think we'll forego that little torture session I had planned.  At least
for now.

"No.  I think you've earned some rest time."

Ivy heard all this through a haze of pain.  The stings on her body burned
horribly.  At least, she thinks gratefully, they're going to let me rest.

She is relieved when Paul orders the attendants to make Ivy comfortable.

She should have known better.  The two men drag Ivy over to an area of the gym
where "O" rings have been screwed into the floor.  They place her on her back
and fasten her wrists to manacles whose short chains they attach to the rings. 
Her arms are stretched wide from her shoulders.  Each man then grabs one of her
ankles and pulls her leg up so that it is perpendicular to the floor.  They look
at each other and the one holding her left ankle smiles and says, "Make a wish."

They brutally pull her legs apart into a wide split.  As Ivy squeals with pain
Paul steps between the attendants.  He is holding a long, adjustable steel
spreader bar that the men fasten to the inside of her ankles.  Two chains
descend from the ceiling to which they secure the ends of the bar.

Paul admires his handiwork.  Ivy lies in a modified spread-eagle on the hard
floor with her legs held in place by ceiling chains.  Tarkovski clicks a remote
control and the chains pull her legs up until her bum is no longer resting on
the floor.

"Ivy," begins Paul as the attendants go to retrieve some things in a corner of
the room.  "I remember from that wonderful film of you being raped and tortured
by your mother and father that you used to sleep with a teddy bear before you
became property of the Society.  Bentley, I believe, was the name of your teddy,
was it not?"

"Yes," she replies softly.  Memories flood back of her last encounter with her
beloved toy that had been modified with the addition of a pepper paste coated
dildo that had been anchored in her torn, bleeding cunt for hours.

"Well," Paul continues.  "I'm afraid that Bentley wasn't sent along with you to
the Bordello but we have some other companions to keep you company while you
rest.  They aren't as cuddly as a teddy bear but are much more lively.

He signals to an attendant who has returned.  He kneels beside Ivy.  He smiles
and shows Ivy her sleep time comforters.  Hanging from a three inch thread is a
black scorpion.  The other end of the thread is tied to a small but powerful
nipple clip.

"As you can see," Paul explains to the terrified teenager.  "We had some extra
scorpions.

The girl squirms in vain as the attendant fastens the clip to her left nipple. 
She squeals but he ignores her and attaches a second clip to her right nubbin. 
The beasts circle her nipples on the slopes of her small breasts.

The chains holding up Ivy's legs are shortened so that her bum rises off of the
floor.  As a result her crotch forms a fleshy pink bowl.  Paul himself attaches
a smaller spring clip to the girl's clitoris.  Two six-inch long threads are
connected to that clip.  Each thread is glued to the thorax of a small but nasty
looking scorpion.

Ivy can feel the sharp feet of the beasts as they go around her clitoris.

Paul stands between the fourteen year-old's legs and looks down.  The bugs are
exploring the girl's flesh.

"You might not know this, my dear," he explains.  "But scorpions like to hide in
dark, moist places.  That's why people who camp in area that the little beasts
inhabit are told to check their shoes in the morning before putting their feet
in otherwise they may get a nasty shock from a scorpion who has sought refuge in
the shoe during the night.  Well I guess you don't have to worry about your
shoes since you don't have any.  However, you probably don't realize it but your
legs have been spread so wide that the pretty pink entrance to your enchanting
cunt is stretched open."

Ivy moans in dread.  Indeed the opening of her vagina has been forced open.

Paul continues.  "It probably won't be long before these scorpions discover that
wonderful cave of flesh and decide to explore it.  Now once they do this you
better keep very still or they might get frightened and begin stinging.

"You know, I don't think scorpions are particularly social animal so there may
be a fight to see who claims the shelter of your snatch.  Let's turn this into a
learning opportunity."

He steps aside to make room for an attendant who has rolled up a full-length
mirror on wheels.  He adjusts its angle so that Ivy can see clearly between her
legs.  The scorpions are exploring her thighs.  One is on her right thigh and
the other on the left.  They each travel to the end of their tiny threads and
turn around and head for her vagina.  As the scorpions attached to her nipples
continue to circle the ones between her legs have stopped.  With horror the
teenager looks at the creatures.  One is standing on the left lip of her labia
and the other on the right.  Then the scorpion on the right moves up and brushes
against the clip biting into her clitoris.  It continues along until both beasts
are facing each other on her left cunt lip.  Their feet tickle her sensitive
flesh as they circle each other.  But they don't fight.

"Oh my," exclaims Paul who has been watching this scorpion dance.  "I think that
these two are in love.  Perhaps they will seek some privacy to consummate their
union."

Sure enough, one of the beasts moves towards Ivy' open vagina.  The girl shrieks
at the sight of the gleaming inch long arachnid as it places its front legs on
the opening of her cunt.  She cannot believe her eyes as the scorpion begins its
descent into her most intimate and private flesh.  Ivy can feel its progress as
it continues to push its way into her girl flesh.  Soon the other scorpion has
disappeared into her vagina.  All Ivy can see now is a silver clip attached to
her clitoris from which two black threads extend and disappear into her cunt.

"We'll leave you to rest now, Ivy," says Paul who signals to the attendants to
leave the girl.  "I'll be back in the morning to see how you made out with your
new sleeping companions.  Bye now."

Ivy is alone.  The scrabbling feet of the arachnids attached to her nipples
continue tickle the sensitive skin on her breasts annoyingly.  She can feel
similar but more ominous tickle in her love channel.

What will the scorpions in my vagina do if I have to pee she wonders.  Will they
drown and, if so, will they die before stinging me?  If I squeeze my cunt
muscles really hard, can I crush the scorpions?  Looking at the hard shells on
the bugs on her tits, she realizes that trying to squash the arachnids would
only trigger a dreaded defence reaction.  She is afraid to contemplate how much
it would hurt to be stung in the cunt by a scorpion and keeps perfectly still.

The clips fastened to her breasts have broken the skin of her nipples.  Several
thread-like ribbons of blood flow down the gentle curves of her boobs.  One of
the circling scorpions steps into the blood and begins to leave tiny foot prints
on her white skin.  Ivy tenses up when the two scorpions meet in the gentle
valley between her breasts.  They wave their stingers threateningly at each
other.

Oh God! she thinks.  Please don't let them fight  each other.  Ivy realizes that
most of the attempts to sting would fall short of their target and penetrate her
soft skin.

The scorpions move on to continue the orbit of her nipples.  Her relief is
short-lived for the tiny beasts in her cunt have become active.  She can feel
one of them moving towards the entrance of her vagina.  She looks at mirror and
sure enough the two claws of the scorpion emerge from the fleshy cave of her
cunt.  It is out completely and begins to climb over her vulva and journey down
towards her navel. It's obsidian carapace glistens wetly with the moisture from
her cunt.  Ivy notices a tiny ruby red bead of blood on her clitty.  The tiny
clamp has cut through her skin.

The second scorpion emerges and goes in the opposite direction towards her
ass-hole.

As the scorpions explore her flesh their feet continue to tickle her while the
pain from her nipples and clitoris grows by the minute.   Ivy sobs with despair
knowing that this torture will continue for hours.

---------- End of part 12.




Innocence Betrayed - A Thanatos Society Tale - The Final Chapter?

Fourteen-year-old Ivy's shoulder muscles are knotted into agonizing locked
spasms, as are those of her legs.  After hanging by her chafed ankles for three
hours, the naked teenager is delirious with exhaustion and pain.  The scorpions
attached to her nipples continue to circle ceaselessly.  An hour before, they
met in the shallow valley between her breasts and began the fight naked teenager
had dreaded.  Just as she had feared, the little beasts' stingers plunged into
her tit flesh more often than they did into each other.  They did themselves no
apparent damage thanks to their protective carapaces.  However, the damage done
to their living battlefield is apparent by the angry red blisters that now
decorate the skin between her nipples.  It looks like someone butted out
cigarettes on her flesh.  Her entire chest burns from venom.  Just when the pain
in her breasts begins to subside, one scorpion attached to the tiny spring clip
squeezing her clitoris returns and plunges its stinger into the base of that
pink petal of supersensitive flesh.  Ivy faints.  She remains unconscious for
half an hour and is only half awake when Paul returns with his helpers.  The
assistants gingerly remove the scorpions and then release Ivy from her bondage. 
She lies on the hardwood floor and Paul waves a vial of smelling salts under her
nose.  The teenager's eyes fly open and she immediately begins to cry as the
pain of her scorpion stings burns through her body.

The attendants drag Ivy to her feet.  Her aching legs can barely support her
weight.  She stands passively as Paul fastens a dog collar tightly around her
neck.  She winces when he jerks the strap so tightly that Ivy has difficulty
swallowing.  The old sadist then fastens a leash to the ring sewn into the front
of the collar. The inner surface of the collar is decorated with a single line
of sharp metal studs that dig painfully into her neck.  With a sharp tug, he
begins to leads her out of the room.  She stumbles and falls to her knees.  One
of the attendants grabs a handful of her hair and roughly pulls her to her feet. 
She manages to regain her footing follow Paul.  The two attendants trail behind
Ivy, admiring the taut curve of the naked girl's shapely bum.  Several of the
steel studs that line the inside of he collar have broken the soft skin of Ivy's
neck.  Tiny rivulets of blood begin to ooze out from under the leather.

Paul leads Ivy into an elevator and they ride to the main level of the bordello. 
Awaiting them in the hall are his brother, Daniel, and the diminutive (except
for his cock) Master Parker.  They bring the naked teenager through the building
and out a back door.  The sun has risen and Ivy can see two figures on the
rolling green lawn.  As she is led towards them, Ivy is surprised to see that
the figures are her parents.  The pretty, young captive's mind is filled with
confusion.  The last time she saw her parents they were handing her over to the
Thanatos Society.  Since then, her life has been filled with nothing but pain,
misery and degradation.  Are they now here to bring her away from this horror? 
Hope rises in her heart when her father and mother walks up and embraces her.

"Oh my dear," says her mother.  "What have they done to you?"

Ivy collapses in tears against her mother.  Her father shakes his head sadly and
glares at Master Parker.  He removes his daughter's dog collar.  Blood continues
to ooze down her body.  One tiny stream flows down the top of her breast almost
to her bruised nipple.

Ignoring the blood Ivy says.  "Mother, father!  Have you come to bring me home?"

As she asks this question several men with digital camcorders joins them on the
lawn.  Before she can react, her parents tell her that she is in the last home
she'll ever see.

With a nod, Ivy's mother signals the assistants who grab the girl.  They easily
wrestle her to the ground and drag her to a patch of gravel where thick metal
stakes have been driven into the ground. A heavy iron manacle dangles from a
short chain bolted to the top of each stake.  The men bind her hand and foot to
the posts so that she lies spread-eagled on her back.  She sharp gravel bites
into her bum and back.  Mother walks over and looks down at her.  She explains
that Master Parker had hoped that she would be employed in his bordello for
quite some time but that he received an offer that he found impossible to
refuse.

"You see, my dear," she continues.  "The video record of your ordeal has been
made available to members of the Society.  One, a reclusive billionaire, is
quite taken with you.  He is especially impressed by how well you endured the
Pain Threshold test that Grandma conducted.  Anyhow, he's offered Master Parker
one million dollars for you, Ivy.  You should feel honored, although frankly, a
million dollars to him is about the same as a hundred dollars would be to your
father.  What's even more remarkable, is the fact that your new owner doesn't
want you to come to him, nor will he come to you.  You see, he is a true recluse
and prefers to enjoy life voyeuristically.  He's simply ordered that we send him
a video record of us torturing you to death."

Ivy's heart leaps in her chest.  They are going to kill her!

An attendant, wearing protective mitts rolls up a large brazier beside Ivy. 
Meanwhile another attendant injects a stimulant into Ivy's neck that will
prevent her from fainting.  The girl can feel the heat radiating from the
container of hot coals.  The wooden handles of several branding irons stick out
the glowing mound.  Two videocam operators record the sight of Ivy's tormentors
lining up behind the brazier.  It almost looks like they are in line to get
hamburgers at a barbecue.  First in line is Daniel.  He grabs the wooden handle
of one iron and pulls it from the hot pit.  He approaches Ivy and holds the iron
in front of her face.  Ivy's eyes widen at the sight of he three letters of her
name glowing red.  Tarkovski then moves the iron so that it is inches from the
naked flesh of Ivy's pubic area.  She screams as he slowly pushes the red-hot
letters into her belly just an inch above her pussy.  Her shrieking intensifies
to an ear-splitting level as the hot metal burns into the flesh.  Daniel's nose
twitches as the sickly sweet smell of burning teenaged meat fills his nostrils. 
He carefully removes the iron and surveys his handiwork as the girl's screams
fall to a whimper.  An angry red scar spelling "IVY" adorns her once-flawless
abdomen.  The hot metal has scorched her horribly and several blisters are
beginning to form on the damaged skin. 

Next, Master Parker reaches into the coals and removes another iron.  It has a
small tip that is shaped like a star.  He walks up to the girl and slowly pushes
the iron into her left nipple.  She screams hysterically as the hot metal
destroys the pink nubbin.  He removes the iron, taking much of her skin with him
and puts it back in the coals for twenty seconds.  He then uses the iron to
destroy her right nipple.  When Ivy opens her mouth to scream again an
attendant, using a pair of tongs captures the girl's tongue.  Pulling it out of
her mouth until it is stretched painfully, he holds still while Master Parker
pushes the hot iron onto the surface of Ivy's tongue.  White vapor rises as the
metal scorches itself into her pink flesh.  Parker pulls away the iron and the
attendant releases her tongue and stands up.

Next, Mother lifts out an iron.  The end is shaped like a three-inch high
white-hot coiled snake.  She squats down and pushes the branding iron into the
soles of each of her daughter's feet.  Once again Ivy's shrieks of agony echo
off the back wall of the bordello.  Mother stands up and replaces the iron in
the coals.  When it is hot again, she presses the iron into Ivy's knees and arm
pits. 

Now it's Paul Tarkovski's turn.  He removes a branding iron and shows it to Ivy. 
Through her tear-filled eyes she can read that the end of the glowing iron
spells out the word "SLUT" Daniel plants his foot on Ivy's forehead to keep her
from struggling and pushes the iron into her left cheek.  When he pulls it away,
the word is branded into her face forever.

As the teen whimpers in agony, Mother says that it's time to give Ivy a break
before continuing.  The message provides the pain-wracked girl with a measure of
relief.  However, that relief is short lived. 

"Unfortunately for you, Ivy dearest, it'll be a 'break' in every sense of the
word" says her mother.  These nice attendants are going to keep you
entertained."

Two very large men approach and stand on each side of the girl.  Each is holding
a whip in his hand.  The man on the girl's left dangles a cat-o-nine-tails in
front of her face.  Ivy almost throws up with fear when she notices that sewn
into the surface of both sides of each eight-inch long leather strand are four
pairs of small fishhooks.  The scourge has a total one hundred and forty-four
barbed hooks!  The girl can see that the whip must have been used recently on
another unfortunate victim because bits of flesh cling to many of the
bloodstained hooks.  The man on Ivy's right shows her his whip.  It is a bull
penis filled with hundreds of lead pellets.  He rests it on her belly.  Ivy can
feel that the whip weighs more than twenty pounds.  The men step back.  The one
with the cat brings it down across her left thigh.  The hooks rip chunks of
flesh from her skin.  He then slashes her across the belly.  One of the nine
strands whips across Ivy's pussy.  A fishhook rips across her clitoris, ripping
it in two.  The other man brings his pizzle across the same bleeding thigh.  A
loud crack resounds across the lawn as Ivy's leg bone snaps in half.  For five
minutes, the two torturers whip the naked teenager.  They spare only her face
from their vicious assault.  The stimulant in her veins prevents her from
falling into the sanctuary of unconsciousness.  She is awake while the skin is
flayed from her body.  She is awake while the heavy whip snaps the bones in her
legs and arms as if they were balsa wood. Her ribs are cracked, making the very
act of breathing a torment.  Exhausted, the men stop.  Ivy lays moaning.  Blood
courses from hundreds of wounds to soak into the sharp gravel under her.  In
several places in her legs and arms, the jagged white ends of her bones have
broken through her torn, bloody skin.

Ivy's father walks up to the brazier.  He removes a branding iron and shows it
to his daughter and says,  "This should be familiar, Cunt Ivy."  It is shaped
like his erect penis - the very one that ripped away her virginity a few short
days ago.  Without hesitating, he pushes the glowing tip of the iron into his
daughter's left eye.  Her screams drown out the sizzling sound made by her
eyeball as it fries.  He reheats the iron and positions the glowing iron penis
between Ivy's legs.  The broken fourteen-year-old can feel the heat blistering
her pussy lips.  With a grunt, her father shoves the red-hot penis into his
daughter's cunt.... 

Ivy sits up in bed with a start.  Her heart pounds in her chest and she can
barely breathe.  She looks around in panic.  She's in her bedroom.  She is
wearing her flannel nightie with white bunnies on it.  The garment is so soaked
in her perspiration.  As her pulse returns to normal she realizes that she has
just awoken from the worst nightmare of her life.  She can remember only bits
and pieces of it and much of those are already fading from memory. 

The cinnamon-y smell of baking apple pies fills her room.  She looks at her
clock radio.  It's ten o'clock on Saturday morning.  As she sits on the side of
her bed, she can hear her mother talking happily to her grandma who came over
last evening to spend the weekend.  The young girl stands unsteadily and goes
into her bathroom.  Normally, on Saturday morning Ivy prefers to take a long,
leisurely bath.  Somehow today, when she thinks of sitting in a bathtub, her
mind flashes to an image of a tub filled with a foul smelling pool of yellowish
white slime.  No.  A shower is the way to go. She takes off her nightie and
turns on the shower.  Stepping into the soothing warm water, Ivy begins to soap
her body.  When her hands wander to her pussy she spreads her legs and carefully
inserts her middle finger into her narrow vagina.  She is relieved when the end
of her finger gently touches her intact hymen.  She withdraws her finger
wondering what compelled her to confirm her virginity like that.

She finishes bathing and steps out of the shower and dries herself.  She puts on
panties and a flowery yellow sundress.  She needs no bra for her small, hard
breasts require no support.  Slipping on sandals, she walks out of her bedroom,
intending to join her mother and grandmother in the kitchen.  However, as she
passes by her parents' bedroom, she hears the soft snoring of the father.  He's
sleeping in this morning.  The sound of her father's breathing sends a
mysterious jolt of fear and excitement through the young teenager.  Without
thinking, she turns the doorknob and enters the bedroom.  She quietly approaches
her parents' bed.  Her Daddy is lying on his back, fast asleep.  He's kicked off
the blankets.  He's wearing the blue cotton pajamas that she had bought him last
Father's Day.  Ivy's heart rate quickens when she notices that her dad's fly is
gaping open.  She can clearly see his limp cock.  She resists an urge to climb
onto the bed and kneel between her daddy's splayed legs.  She can see herself
bending over and capturing the tip of his cock between her soft lips.  She
believes she knows exactly what the salty rod would taste like.  Without
thinking, she stretches out her arm towards his cock.  Her father's breathing
rate changes and he roll on his side.  Ivy is jolted out of her trance and is
shocked by her actions.  Blushing, she quickly leaves the bedroom and goes
downstairs into the kitchen.

Her mother and grandma stop their friendly bantering when she walks in.  Grandma
takes one look at her and says, "Ivy, my dear, you're as white as a sheet.  Is
something the matter?  Are you not feeling well"

"I'm OK, Granny.  I'm just tired," answers the pretty teenager.  "It's just that
I've had a horrible dream.  It was just awful."

"Well, my dear," says Grandma.  "Don't bother your pretty head about dreams.
They can't harm you.  I remember your mother had nightmares when she was
fourteen.  Probably has something to do with puberty.  You'll grow out of them
like she did."

"I sure hope so," says Ivy.  She looks at her mother who is staring back at her
strangely.  Ivy has a vision of mother naked but for black boots.  She laughs
while holding her teddy bear, Bentley, in one hand and a plastic cock in the
other.  The teen shakes her head at the flashback.

"Sit down, Ivy," her mother says and I'll get you some breakfast.  How about
some blueberry pancakes and a big glass of milk."

Ivy's stomach heaves.  Somehow, mother's reference to blueberry pancakes makes
her think of piss and fat blue houseflies.  " No thanks, Mom.  I think I'll just
have a bowl of Cheerios."

"Let me get it for you, dear," says Grandma.  The old woman prepares a bowl of
cereal and sets it down before her granddaughter.  As the older woman stands
bedside her, a sudden chill of fear runs through Ivy's body.  Sharp pains shoot
through her nipples and, for some strange reason, visions of barbed steel
needles rush through her mind.  She is jerked out of her strange reverie by the
ringing of the oven timer.  Mother carefully removes two apple pies and places
each on a cooling rack.  The delightful smell of the pies fills the room.  "As
soon as the pies are cool, I'll give you a big piece, Ivy," Mother announces. 
"I know how much you love apple pie."

"Don't forget to add a nice piece of cheddar," reminds Grandma.  "After all,
dear, apple pie without cheese is like a kiss without a squeeze."  Ivy shudders. 
What she hears Grandma say is "Ivy's nipples without pins in 'em are like devils
without sins in 'em."  The kindly looking old lady reaches out and caresses
Ivy's shoulder affectionately.  Ivy must use all her will power not to pull away
from the old woman's touch.  In her mind's eye Ivy sees the old woman grabbing
her by the hair, ripping down the front of her sundress and pushing her naked
breasts into the steaming hot apple pies.

Ivy's mind copes with that brutal image as she finishes the last of her cereal. 
Her father walks into the kitchen.  "Hello all," he says cheerfully as he goes
up to his wife and kisses her on the cheek.

"Did you sleep well, darling?" asks Ivy's mother.

"Like a log my dear... like a log," he says happily.  He comes up behind Ivy and
places his hands on her shoulders.  He bends over and plants a kiss on the top
of her head.  "Good morning, Ivy.  How's my favorite daughter?"

Ivy shudders.  She imagines him jabbing the back of her neck with his erect
cock.  "Fine, Daddy," she says weakly.

Her father looks around the room and asks.  "Where's Barkley?"

"Probably lying in the sun on the front porch," says Mother.  "Ivy, be a dear
and see if he wants to come in"

Ivy puts her dishes in the sink and walks to the front of the house.  She opens
the door and steps out onto the porch.  She smiles at the smell of lilacs that
fills the air.  When Barkley sees her, he stands up and lopes over, wagging his
tail.  The large black Labrador Retriever nuzzles the teenaged girl.  She pets
his head and he pushes his snout into her crotch and sniffs.  Ivy steps back. 
For just an instant, she imagines Barkley's flat, wet tongue lapping at the
spread petals of her pussy.  She shakes her head to rid it of the thought.  What
on earth has gotten into me this morning!

As she stands on the porch petting Barkley's head her neighbor, Jimmy Higgins,
rides by on his bike.  A year older than Ivy, she and Jimmy have known each
other since they were toddlers.  They are best friends.  Jimmy is one of
Barkley's favorite humans, mainly because he provides the dog with the
roughhouse play that a gentle girl like Ivy just wouldn't think of.  The large
black dog races off the porch to intercept the lad.  Jimmy gets off his bike and
squats down to greet him.  Ivy watches her friend laughingly fend off Barkley's
wet tongue.  As he grabs the dog's ears and gently shakes its head, Ivy is
shocked at a sudden vision of herself, naked, laying on her back between her dog
and her best friend.  In it, Jimmy's cock is jammed in her virgin cunt while
Barkley's slimy red penis is stuffed into her mouth.  The vision is so real that
the lining of her pussy throbs.  She can taste the slimy mixture of her saliva
and the dog's cum filling her mouth to overflowing.  She stands on the porch and
swallows deeply lest she begin to drool.

Ivy's trance is broken when Barkley notices the squirrel that lives in the tree
at the edge of the lawn running towards home.  He rushes off in pursuit.  Jimmy
chuckles, knowing that, like in an old Warner Brothers cartoon, the dog has been
chasing the same squirrel since he was a pup and has never caught it and
probably wouldn't know what to do with it if he did.  The teen stands up and
walks over to Ivy.  He stops at the base of the four steps that lead up to where
Ivy is standing.

"Hi, Ivy," he says.

"Hi, Jimmy."

"You look kind of pale," he says with a concern rare in a fifteen year-old boy. 
"Are you OK?"

Ivy smiles and says, "I didn't sleep well last night.  I had this horrible
nightmare and feel more tired now than I did before I went to bed last night." 
As she talks, Ivy sits on the floor of the verandah.  She puts her feet on the
third step.  She sits in her sundress with her knees primly together.

"Are you cheering at the game this afternoon?" asks Jimmy, referring to the
football game their high school team is having with their arch county rivals.

"I was planning to go," responds Ivy who's a member of the junior cheerleader
team.  "But I'm really tired.  I'll have to see how I feel later on."  She
notices that Jimmy is blushing and acting uncomfortable as he stands in front of
her.  Suddenly the fourteen year-old beauty realizes that she had spread her
legs while she spoke, providing her best friend with an unobstructed view up her
dress.

Jimmy's face reddens but he cannot tear his eyes away form the sight of his
friends' creamy smooth thighs.  The fabric of Ivy's white cotton panties is so
thin that he can clearly see the outline of her pussy lips.  So that that's why
it's called a camel-toe, he thinks to himself.

Blushing, Ivy quickly stands up.  For an embarrassed moment neither teenager
speaks.  Finally, Ivy says that she'd better get back inside and calls for
Barkley.  The black dog has failed for the thousandth time to catch his
bushy-tailed nemesis.  Despite his failure, he is content to sit on the lawn and
noisily lick his balls.  He leaps up at Ivy's call and walks onto the porch. 
Ivy says goodbye to Jimmy and that she may see him at the ball game if she's
feeling better.  The lad says he hopes she can make it.  As he turns to get his
bike hoping that Ivy didn't notice the bulge in the front of his jeans.

Ivy and her dog go inside.  The girl is still shocked by how she had brazenly
displayed herself to Jimmy.  Despite their growing physical maturity, neither
had thought of the other in a sexual way.  Until now.  What's come over me, she
wonders.

Ivy follows the clatter of her dog's nails on the hardwood floor of the hallway. 
She follows Barkley into the kitchen where he noisily drinks from his bowl.

"Oh, Ivy," says her mother.  "You still look very tired.  Perhaps you should go
back to bed for a while before you have to leave for the game.  I can make you
some warm milk to help you sleep and when you wake up in an hour or two you can
have a big piece of apple pie and be on your way."

"I am very tired, Mom," Ivy replies.  "I think I will take a nap."

Her grandmother hands her a mug of warm milk that her mother had heated in the
microwave.  Ivy takes a large drink from her cup.  It tastes s bit odd but she
finishes it. She is very tired and only wants to go to bed.  She then goes up to
her bedroom. Barely able to keep awake, she takes off her clothes and slips
naked under her blankets.  Serenaded by the birds in the tree outside her
bedroom, the girl quickly falls into a deep,drugged, sleep.

She's been asleep for twenty minutes when, unbeknownst to her, Grandma walks
into the guest bedroom where she slept the night before.  She flips open the
suitcase that rests on a low bench at the foot of her bed.  The old woman
reaches in and removes a leather case.  It is closed on three sides by a silver
zipper.  She unzips the container and opens it like a book.  She smiles at the
contents - hundreds of barbed copper-headed steel needles ranging in length from
half an inch to eight inches.  She removes a six-inch needle and looks at it
lovingly.  She can't wait until she can use it and the others on the perfect
flesh of her granddaughter, Ivy.

Meanwhile, Ivy's Dad has been busy on the phone.  After dialing a long distance
number, he repeats a series of numbers into the handset.  A few moments go by
before he breaks into a broad grin.  He hangs up and turns to his wife, who
stands by expectantly.  He tells her that their bank in the Cayman Islands has
confirmed that their account has just increased by four hundred thousand
dollars.

Ivy's mother smiles and says,  "Well, dear, I guess the little cunt is
officially property of the Thanatos Society."

As she speaks, they can hear the motor of an unmarked van driving towards the
house.  In the back of the vehicle is a coffin-like crate that will be used to
transport innocent Ivy to her unfortunate fate.


The End

If you've enjoyed (or not) this tale, you can let the author, my brother
Cerberus, know at cerberus713@hotmail.com .  As some readers are aware, Cerberus
has been confined to a high security "hospital" in the bleak expanses of
northern Ontario for the past few months.  The team of therapists looking after
him had forbidden him to continue any of the many tales to be found on various
Web sites - hence the recent lack of new chapters.  After an unfortunate
incident with one of the young nurses, the doctors have changed their mind,
seeing my brother's "literary" efforts as an effective "valve" through which his
more sadistic impulses could be safely channeled.  They are hoping that my
brother will realize that fantasy is always more fulfilling than reality.  I
hope you realize the same thing.

D.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





