BDSM Library - Corrupting Anna




Corrupting Anna
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A lustfull mother brings her daughter into her world of erotitism, the hard way.
Corrupting Anna

By Simply Chris

A story of Lesbian Incest:





	Ever since Howard died I've never sought a relationship with men. Don't get
me wrong I still love cock but Howard was rare. As great a lover  he was, he was
an even better man. He with stood the pressure that some members of my family
gave us because of our interracial marriage. He never shied away from other
blacks when he went about with his white wife. Most importantly he fought and
provided for a young 17 year old wife and child all while putting himself, and
later me as well, through collage. When he died 7 years ago he was a successful
writer and business man and left me and my daughter well provided for. Since his
death I have explored many fascist of my sexuality. Please understand that
Howard and I engaged in some very kinky  stuff while we were together. It was
with him that I learned it was okay to be a complete slut.

	Now that he's gone, I've become, for the most part, dedicated lesbian. A
dominate one at that. You'd be surprised how many unsatisfied housewives and
high school and college sluts there are that need to be taught a lesson. Many of
my clients come to me for that special attention that would get them shunned out
of normal society if any one ever found out.

	This brings me to my Daughter Ann. Ann knows that I'm a lesbian and is very
comfortable with it. What she doesn't know is how kinky I really am. Ann  takes
after her father. She is fiercely intelligent and works hard at every thing she
doses. She got straight A's in school and graduated from high school a full year
early. She is kind thoughtful and sweet to a fault. She is currently attending
state college where she is excelling.

	However there is one thing about Ann that I'm not happy about. Her
relationships, or lack of relationships to be more accurate. Other than her
childhood best friend Raymond, a find young man I really whish she would settle
down with, she has never had a real boyfriend or girlfriend for that matter.

	None the less in the years after her father's death we grew so close that we
could finish each other sentences before the words were even out of each other's
mouths.

	It was this past summer that I realized how close to my daughter I really
was. Ann has flawless brown skin and a slender  frame with full breast just
slightly larger than they need to be. Her hair is black and  shoulder length 
with streaks of crimson. Her eyes are almond and she has pink lips that beg to
be kissed. I know a mother shouldn't think this but it amazes me that guys
aren't beating down the door to jam there cocks down her throat.

	One summer evening Ann and I were preparing dinner In our southern Louisiana
home. It was June and the heat had forced us into light sun dresses that
perspiration from our bodies made cling to our every curve. Not to brag but at
38 years of age I still have my college figure. at 5'11 I am about 3 inches
taller than my lovely daughter. My hair is red with no hint of gray , and my
hips are shapely  and sway with every move of my body.

	Working so close to Ann in the kitchen a startling realization occurred to
me. I was madly attracted to my daughter. My nipples were rock hard and cream
from my cunt mixed with the sweat from my body and oozed down my leg.

	"No" I told myself. "She is my daughter! Not some twisted slut to be tied
down and fucked to within an inch of her life." But as soon as that thought
entered  my head my mind was flooded with some of the most perverse images ever
to cross my Imagination. After dinner Ann excused herself to the deck to watch
the sun set.  I watched her from a window as she consumed a vanilla cone. Her
tongue would methodically carve the frozen treat then lick the access from her
perfect lips. On occasion some would fall to her chest only to be caught by her
dress. How I wished that dam dress was cut lower or better yet she had no top on
at all. I would imagine that my tongue was there to lick her clean.

	And then It happened. As I marched to my room to prepare I knew that the
actions I was about to take would change our relationship as well as my nice
sweet little girl forever. From a secret chamber in my room I gathered some of
my most powerful weapons.  Dildos, anal plugs, whips, chains and claps, body
oils and lots of lube.

	That night my daughter spent the evening cuddling in my arms watching
television like she has done a million times before. Only this time she was
driving me completely insane. When she finally kissed me good night I begin to
prepare. I showered and then dressed myself in my most intimidating dominatrix
outfit. When I entered my daughter's room she reminded me of an angel in every
since of the word. Moon light fell softly on her face and her breast heaved
gently. With all the conviction of a sexed crazed predator I walked toward my
unsuspecting daughter. My six inch spiked heels were muffled by the carpeted
floor. By the time she awoke I had secured her wrist to the wrought iron head
board of  her bead. Straddling her waist with my exposed and shaved crotch I
fully awaked her by violently twisting her fat nipples. The feeling that drove
me was incredible. This wasn't some sexually confused 16 year old who's mind is
easily warped. This was my daughter. A young woman with a clear sense of 
herself and well in control of her life.

	Ann awoke startled to find some leather clad stranger straddling her breast 
and ripping her cotton night gown to gain greater access to her nipples.

	She tried to move her hands but they were held fast. Her fear growing she
bucked wildly nearly throwing me off. Despite my size advantage  I
underestimated her strength. I smiled realizing further restraint would be
necessary.

	Finally she begin to call for me, her mother, to come help her. Still not
realizing that the force sexually assaulting her was the very person who loved
her most in all the world.

	At last I leaned close to her ear and whispered. "Stopped screaming I'm
here."

	"Mother?" she whispered back.

	Standing, I turned on the lights and faced her. Her eyes widened as she
faced me. The outfit I had on exposed my breast and my pussy.  Both of my
nipples were pierced as well as my cunt, as hers soon  would be. Although she
couldn't see it, a thick 8 inch butt plug spread my bowls apart.

	"Mom what is this?" She asked still trembling. "I don't understand Mother.
What are you doing?" For a second a small peg of regret entered my hart as I
looked in to her pleading eyes. Then I looked at her full exposed  breast.
Creamy brown with rock hard nipples her breast mesmerized me. There was
something about a black woman's  Tits that messes with my head. I looked into my
daughter's eyes again and knew that somewhere inside was a complete slut like
me. I never looked backed.

	I approached my only child. With one motion I whipped the remaining covers
off her bed and then straddled her again. I slowly and softly caressed her face,
stroking my thumb across her lips.

	"Why?" she whispered.

	"Because I love you" I answered. "Because you make me tremble when ever you
touch me. Your body fills me with pride and lust like you wouldn't believe. I
want you to know me the way other women know me, and I want to know you like a
whore knows her cunt."

	"Please no" she said. "You can't. It's not right."

	"I can, and before tonight is over, you will." I kissed her stunning lips,
driving my tongue down her throat. She tried to resist but a firm slap to her
jaw caused her to yelp. I tasted her mouth for the first time and I was
intoxicated. Her tongue was sweet when I could catch it. However I was
experienced at this and it wasn't long before I cornered the object of my desire
and sucked it to my harts content.

	I broke the kiss and licked a lingering bit of her saliva from my lips.

	"No mommy please!" she begged. She only called me mommy when she was truly
freighted about something. Once again my motherly instincts stirred but were
again over come by my lust. The feel of my child's trembling body beneath me,
pulsateting with energy, was to much. It was time to transform her forever.

	I left the room and returned with a duffle bag filled with all the sinister
tools of my trade. From it I removed  a pair of ankle manacles and walked over
to her playing with my pussy.

	"Listen you may as well stop resisting me. I'm going to have you Ann. I'm
going to take every fiber of your being. I going to do things to you, things you
have never imagined. Things I will make you love. Oh my child you are so like me
and tonight you will truly become your mother's daughter."

	"Give me your left ankle" I demanded.

	"No!" she said. "I won't!"

	I smiled, placed the manacles on the night stand, and retrieved a very
special cat o nine tails. It was long with thick strands and a porcelain 
handle.

	"You can't!" she said her voice trembling.

	"I wont if you give me your left ankle" I replied.

	She stared at me for a moment then turned her head away from me.

	"Mistake" I said. I brought the weapon down across her breast, reveling in
the sound of the straps biting into her flesh. A brilliant flash of pain
streaked across her eyes. Concentrating on the still covered areas of her body I
used my torture device to strip away her remaining clothing. When I had finished
all that remained were a few tattered remnants of her gown and her blue cotton
panties. Though her body had no whelps it was crimson all over and twitched
violently. Through out the whipping she screamed and struggled but in the end
her body was at attention.

	"Your ankle please" I said. Slowly with out hesitation she gave me her foot.
I placed one end of the leather restraint around her ankle and then, smiling
wickedly, I pulled her shapely leg all the way back to a iron bar on her head
board. She tried to protest but a quick glance silenced her whimpers. I repeated
this with the other leg  and stood back to admire my handy work. Her legs were
spread and doubled back over her body to give me full view and access to her
wonderful tits and great ass. Her mound stood up tall and fat and I could
clearly see the outline of her cunt lip through her panties.

	With a quick rip the last defense between me and her soon to be well fucked
holes were gone. From my bag of goodies I produced a pair of nipple clamps that
I quickly applied to her nipples, twisting them as I did so. Her pussy lips
called to me, beckoned me, but I still had to prepare her. Reaching into my bag
again I produced a bottle of lube and a very special set of anal balls. It was a
strand containing 4 large balls, each stainless steel and coated with Porcelain.
The Balls were painted to reflect a scene in Mardi Gras. At the end of the
strand was a special anal plug to lock the balls in place.

	"Your father gave me these during Mardi Gras. He shoved them up my ass and
them pulled them out before a horny drunken crowed."

	"Mother please!"

	I smacked her ass hard making her shiver. I smiled. I don't think she even
realized she enjoyed that. Spreading her ass cheeks I grabbed a bottle of lube
and injected the entire contents in to her puckered ring. She shivered once more
at the intrusion.

	I held the balls inches from her face. I knew they looked large and imposing
but one look at her hart shaped ass and I knew she could handle it, and more.

	"I can't stop you" she whispered. Do what you will." Tears streamed down her
face and her body tensed with fear.

	"Does this mean you surrender?" she stole a glance at the Cat o nine tails.

	"I'm you daughter, I belong to you. Please don't hurt me any more."

	"When I was whipping you did you think I was trying to hurt you?" She turned
away from me. I collected her torn panties and brought them to her face.
"They're soaked" I said. "They are so drenched that I can squeeze them and-" Her
own cum streamed from the material. "Open your mouth." I said.

	She refused. I gabbed my whip and struck her savagely across her pussy. The
whip returned splattered with cunt cream.

	"Gooooooood!" she screamed. "Noooooooo!"

	I wiped up the additional nectar streaming from her cut with her panties and
held them over her mouth once more. One look from me told her I meant business.
Her Mouth shot open and I flooded it with her own cum.

	"SWALLOW IT ALL, EVERY LAST DROP!" when the last drop of  sauce had been
wrung from her undies I noticed she inadvertently licked her own lips. I smiled.
Little by little the slut was emerging. I ran a single finger over her slick
cunt. You should have seen it. Her pussy is so fat. Her slit is a good 5 maybe
six inches long and the thought of how deep it must be made me tremble.

	"You like the taste didn't you?" I asked, rubbing my slime coated finger
across her mouth. "Suck it slut, suck my fingers clean. Taste your own cunt."
She sucked down two of my fingers  bathing them with her tongue.

	I removed my fingers and her trembling mouth actually chased after them
before she realized what she was doing and gasped.

	I positioned myself behind her inverted upturned ass and savored the sight.
I grabbed a second bottle of  oil and then got a very sinister idea. I stole
away to the kitchen and placed a pot of water on boil. As much as I wanted to
eat her sloppy cunt I had to do this. I returned to my daughter and whipped her
until she screamed my name at the top of her lungs. She jerked violently at her
bonds but with no leverage there was nothing she could do. I left her withering
in her own orgasm and them retuned from the kitchen with the scalding hot water,
the bottle of oil inside. I removed the bottle with a mitted  hand and tested
the contents on my wrist, like a mother testing a baby bottle. Satisfied I 
aimed the evil concoction at her sleek luscious body. She begged, she pleaded,
she shook her head back and fourth but her rock hard nipples and standing clit
told the whole story. The heated oil hit her like a lasers beam. She was silent
at first, her body merely vibrated. Then a deep primal scream escaped her lips.
I targeted her neck, breast, stomach, pussy and ass. Finally I jammed the tip of
the oil bottle inside her cunt and squeezed. She exploded. This time I really
thought she really would break her bonds. Her pussy quaked so hard it actually
sucked the bottle inside. when the contents were empty I grabbed the balls and
got down to business.

	Her twitching brown eye was like a jewel ready to be plucked. I positioned
the first ball to her anus and with both thumbs, pushed hard. A deep guttural
groan  escaped her lungs as the ball slid wickedly inside her anus with the aid
of the heated oil. To make things better each ball had counter weights inside
that cause them to vibrate with the slightest movement. Her bucking around would
only increase the effect. One by one I introduced the balls to her twitching
asshole until only the plug remained. By now she realized the true nature of the
balls and as desperately trying to remain still. Her breathing had grown quick
and shallow and her body was on fire. She looked up past her own pussy lips and
split ass cheeks to see the final piece of the puzzle.

	"It will tear me apart." she wined. The balls in her ass were about the size
of benwa balls. The plug was a solid 8 inches long and 3 inches thick at the
base. It was meant to push the balls deep down her anus to her bowels where they
would reside near her womb.

	I positioned the tip of the plug to her darkest hole and slowly worked it
in. She was gasping and bucking now as the tip of the plug started to push the
balls in deeper. An erupting orgasm caused some of the hot oil to spray from her
pussy and splatter the far wall. When that happened I used the palm of my hand
to slam the rest of the plug completely up her ass. Her resulting contortions
must have lifted the bed, with me on it, 6 inches in the air.

	With my anal preparations complete there was only one thing left. I returned
to the bag and pulled out two 13 inch black latex dildos. Walking over  to her I
grabbed a fist full of her hair and kissed her hard on the lips.

	"These were molded on you father's cock" I said. "He gave them to me so I
could satisfy myself when he was away. One for me and one for you. Open you
mouth." Her eyes widened when she realized what I had planed. "You should be
glad  i'm giving you a chance to get this nice and wet. Soon it's going be
planted in that greedy cunt of yours and if your ass is any indication I'm going
to need every inch to get to the bottom of that deep fucker."

	"Those balls, I can feel them buried inside me" she gasped.

	"I know, Isn't it great!" I slapped her ass hard and she screamed as the
balls rearranged her insides. she let out another howl and then swallowed hard.
"I can't sss-sstop, can't stop-"

	"Cumming," I finished for her. "Open you mouth" I commanded. "Trust me you
are going to want something to chew on for what's coming next."

	She opened as wide as she could and I inserted the thick member. "That's it.
Breath through your nose and relax you jaw. If you swallow it all I won't strap
it on tomorrow force feed it to you until you pass out."

	To my surprise she inhaled the entire 13 inches without a snag. This made me
wonder. "Looks like you're a natural cock sucker" I said. "Now it's time to
eat!"

	I stood, took the second Dildo and slid it into my cunt, shivering as I did
so. I hovered over her pussy and inhaled it's aroma, savoring it a split second
before I tore into it. I knew full well the effect the balls inside her would
have with a good cunt assault. I took great care to agitate them as much as I
could all while eating her pussy like a dike served the last cunt on earth. I
even reached up and yanked the chains on the nipple clamps. What would have been
screams to holy hell came out as muffled grunts and snorts because of the dildo.
For two full hours I subjected her to the most bitter sweet pleasure she could
imagine. When I finally came up for air she had be reduced to a trembling ball
of flesh trapped in a state of perpetual orgasm. Though it all I had been
rewarded with a constant stream of cunt cream.

	I caught a glimpse of her fluttering eye lids and knew that her mind was
following where her body had already gone. I grabbed the dildo by the base and
pulled. I took all my strength to remove the fuck stick from her pulsating
throat. She seemed almost panic stricken when I took the toy away from her.

	"What have you done to me?" she asked.

	"Ah my child I've done nothing to you that wasn't there to start with. Do
you want me to stop?" I asked honestly. "Look me in my eyes and tell me you want
me to stop."

	She closed her eyes and softly moaned. "No, please, don't stop." My hart
leaped. I undid her hands and started on her feet.

	"No." she said. "Leave them. I like this."

	She glanced at the dildo still in my pussy. "You want this?" I asked.
Without saying a word she reached over and removed the toy from my cunt and
swallowed it whole. The look on her face told me she had grown to savor taste of
pussy. While she feasted on the cunt soaked dildo I attached the harness for the
other fuck monster. I mounted my daughter grabbing the chained nipple clamps
like reigns. In one motion I impaled her.

	"Oh my child you are so like me." Like I suspected It took every inch of the
dildo the find the bottom of her cunt. Her hands and arms failed wildly. She
spat out the Dildo and howled like the true slut she now was.

	I leaned close to her ear and whispered. "Tell me you want it bitch. Tell me
or I swear to god I will leave you empty."

	"I want it mommy!, Fuck me please fuck me!"

	I jack hammered her cunt which grew wetter and sloppier with each thrust.
She came so violently I thought she would suck the entire dildo and me inside
her cunt. I snatch the dildo out of her pussy with a wet sloppy pop and laid it
aside. I repositioned my self and sat on her face. Instantly I felt an
incredible suction on my cunt lips and clit. I looked back to see that she had
buried four fingers completely in her quim and was actually playing with the
anal plug holding the balls in her ass.

	I spun around on her face and massaged her now massive cunt with both hands.
Then on her own accord she reached up and with four finger from each hand pried
her own pussy apart. I watched in stunned horniness as she spread her gushing
hole to an incredible diameter.

	"Would you like me to see just how deep you really are Ann?" She only moaned
and sucked my pussy harder in reply. Grouping the fingers of my right hand
together I plunged wrist deep into Ann's cavernous pussy. With steady pressure
my fist slinked deeper and deeper into her twat. My forearm came to a stop a
half inch from my elbow. I could feel the balls in her ass along side my arm.
With shear lust I started to pump in and out of her cunt like a plumber
searching for a clog in a drain. Ann at last released her trap jaw hold on my
cunt and started to scream louder than she ever has. I was punching the insides
of her cunt with one hand and violently twisting the anal plug with the other.
Her screams were defining but I knew she could take more.

	"You want more don't you Ann? I know you want more!"

	"yesssssss! Please! More! I need more! I, Ieeee, AhhhhAAAAAAa!

	With one deft move I popped the but plug from her ass. "Noooooo! leave it
please! I want it!"

	"Oh you'll get It!" I said. When the last ball exited her slick ass I picked
up the Dildo thought twice about it and then threw it across the room. With my
other hand I added two, then three, then four fingers. She looked at me and
realized what I was doing.

	"Do you still want more?' I asked. She simply reached up sanked her fingers
into her ass cheeks and pulled. She was as desperate to be filled as I was to
fill her.

	With a blood curdling howl her anus closed round my other wrist. Standing
over her completely penetrated holes in fucked my daughter with reckless
abandon. My fist and arms pumped in and out of my little girls holes in a wet
sticky blur. Finally a massive orgasm started to build deep with in her. I felt
it grow as her insides started to tremble. The sexual shockwave hit her like a
force of nature. So violent was the orgasm that she couldn't even scream. Her
breath had actually been taken away. All she could do was gasp for air, claw
insanely at my intruding arms, ant then, with a final spasm, pass completely
out.

	She awoke the next morning trembling in my arms. "Am I a whore now?" she
asked with a tough of shame in her voice.

	"No," I answered. "You're a slut. there's a difference. A whore does
anything with anyone. Slut does anything, but only with special people."

	"What now?"

	"We shower, I fuck the shit out of you again, then our journey begins."

	"Journey?"

	"You'll see, my child. You will see."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Simply Chris


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





