BDSM Library - The Girl Who Fell to Earth




The Girl Who Fell to Earth
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When a superheroine voluntarily abdicates and chooses to become mortal, there's hell to pay.
THE GIRL WHO FELL TO EARTH
By Torrent

---
(I)

She stood on the deck behind the cabin, looking over the moonlit valley. A 
cool breeze caught and lifted the bottom of her white silk camisole, 
revealing her slender waist. She wore only the camisole and white bikini 
panties, and for the first time in her life, she felt cold. In fact, she had 
goosebumps--and she loved it.
There had been a lot of firsts the past few days. For the first time in her 
life, she was not a superheroine. Oh, she still had powers that no other 
woman on earth could boast of: She could fly, she was incredibly beautiful, 
and she was immortal. This last gift was one she believed she could not 
surrender, even if she wanted to.
But the physical strength, the impressive muscular development, the X-ray 
vision, the blinding speed, even the skintight costume--all were gone. She 
had given them up happily, and with them the responsibility for saving 
lives, fighting evil, and always playing the perfect role model to young 
women all around the planet.
Now, she was taking a well-deserved rest, here in the mountains, far from 
any city of consequence, alone with the moon and the owl that hooted from 
the woods in the distance.
She raised herself on her tiptoes, then silently took flight. She flew in a 
languid spiral, rising above the cabin, and when she was high above its 
roof, she flew east, along the ridgeline on the south side of the valley, 
toward Big Pine Park. She flew gracefully, swimming through the air as if 
she were performing a water ballet. She was at peace with herself and the 
world around her. She no longer need concern herself with the dirty, gritty 
struggle in the faraway city, the struggle between greater and lesser evils, 
between the malcontents and the truly malevolent.
Nothing could mar her serenity as she glided through the cool evening air 
high above the dark woods of Big Pine Park.

*****
It was Irv who saw her first. She was silhouetted against the moon, a 
woman-shaped shadow in the sky.
But that was impossible, he thought.
He put his beer down on the picnic table and called out to the others, 
"Look, it's a fuckin' bitch, up in the sky!" He pointed up at the moon.
The other three, who were perhaps more inebriated, or simply wary of Irv's 
idea of a joke, sat silently around the table.
"I mean it, look up there," Irv insisted.
Jake, their leader, decided to humor him. He looked up, saw nothing at first 
except a very clear sky and a very bright moon - and then a shadow making 
lazy circles above him and a little to the west.
"Shit, look at it," he said, in a low but urgent whisper. "Look, there 
really is something up there."
Pete and Loopy now saw her too. They started talking excitedly, but Jake 
told them to hold it down. Whatever it was, he didn't want to draw its 
attention--or scare it away.
Irv, who had gone to the truck, returned with two rifles. He handed one of 
them to Jakes "Fuck that," snarled Jake, "You take the .22. Gimme the 
.30-06."
Irv's face fell, but he did as he was told. It didn't pay to cross Jake.
The shadow had drifted away and was now over the edge of the picnic area, 
near where the thick woods began. Jake pulled back the bolt of the .30-06. 
There was a round in the chamber. Good. No time to waste.
Now the figure was coming back toward them, but higher in the sky. Jake 
estimated 100 to 150 feet. And Irv had been right. As the shadow passed the 
moon, he could see for sure that it was a woman.
He raised the rifle to his shoulder and aimed. It would take an incredibly 
lucky shot to bring her down. He was more than a little drunk, and the 
target was moving.
"Fuck it," he said, more to himself than to his buddies. "No excuses."
The sound of the shot jolted them, even though they had anticipated it. For 
a second, they forgot why Jake had fired.
Then there was a cry of pain and the sound of lumber breaking, and they 
turned to see that their target, whatever it was, had tumbled out of the sky 
and crashed into a picnic table 30 yards away.
*****
Pete reached her first, with the others hot on his heels. He shined a 
flashlight down on the pale figure in the middle of the shattered table. 
They were very quiet for what seemed a long time. Then Pete said, "We've got 
to get her to a doctor."
"Yeah, and maybe you'd like to drop me off at the sheriff's office while 
you're at it," hissed Jake. "Think, you fuckin' idiot. I just shot this 
bitch out of the sky. If we bring her to a hospital, I'm going to jail. And 
I'm for damn sure not going to jail again."
"Maybe she's dead," said Irv, trying to be helpful.
But the figure moved slightly, and they heard a low moan.
"She's alive," said Loopy, softly. "Let's fuck her."
"Now, at last someone around here is talking sense," said Jake. And he 
stepped forward and grabbed the girl by her thick blonde hair.
"Upsy-daisy, sweetheart," he said, as he lifted her onto her feet. Her eyes, 
which had been closed, opened part way, and her lips moved. She was trying 
to speak.
Jake didn't give her a chance. Holding her hair with his left hand, he 
slammed his right fist into her belly.
There was a loud "whoosh" as her breath rushed out, and her knees buckled. 
He let her fall face downward to the ground.
"Okay, boys, we're going to give this flying fuck the worst beating she ever 
had--and the best group sex."
Jake told Loopy, by far the biggest of the four men, to bring her over to 
the table by the pickup. Loopy picked her up as if she were a rag doll and 
tossed her over his shoulder. Her hair and arms swung crazily as he carried 
her.
"Lay her on her back," Jake instructed. "Let's check her out."
He pulled up her camisole and exposed a lovely set of tits - and a big red 
welt on her rib cage, just below her left breast. There were no other marks.
"Where's the bullet hole?" asked Irv.
Loopy pulled down her panties just far enough to expose her pubic hair and 
announced, "I don't care about bullet holes. Here's the hole I want. Let's 
fuck it."
"Fuck it you shall, Loopy, many times over," said Jake. "But first we've got 
to figure out what we're dealing with here."
"I know what we're dealing with," said Pete, nervously. "We're dealing with 
trouble. Look, she was flying. And you shot her, but there's no bullet hole. 
You know who she is."
"Bullshit," said Irv. "You've been reading too many comic books. Besides, 
where's her costume with the big 'S'?"
"Irv's right," said Jake. "Where's that tight little costume with the logo? 
And what's more to the point, if she's who you think she is, Pete, how come 
she's lying here like a run-over dog in the road, instead of beating the 
shit out of us?"
Pete had no answer to that. Neither did Loopy or Irv.
"Okay," said Loopy, "let's fuck her."
At this point, SG whimpered and pressed her right hand against the angry 
bruise on her ribs. She tried to sit up.
"What do we do?" asked Irv, who was closest to her.
"This," said Jake. He pushed Irv aside and punched SG square in the face. 
Her head snapped back and bounced off the table. Again she tried to sit up, 
and again Jake punched her, this time in the jaw. She slumped back on the 
tabletop and didn't move.
"Okay," said Jake, breathing heavy, "turn her over on her belly and let's 
get this show on the road."
Loopy was the first to do the honors. While the others held her wrists so 
she wouldn't slide off, he pulled down her panties to expose the loveliest 
ass any of them had ever seen - and a pussy that seemed to cry out to be 
fucked.
Loopy unzipped his jeans and pulled out a prick that his friends swore was 
the biggest in North Carolina. It was ready for action.
He grabbed her hips and slammed his rod into her with no preliminaries. She 
awoke with a start and tried to struggle, but Irv and Pete held her wrists 
firmly. And Jake, who had been watching with a strange smile, now stepped 
forward, grabbed her hair and slammed her face down on the tabletop.
The struggling ceased.
Loopy didn't take long. He withdrew his oversized cock, dripping with cum, 
and said with a satisfied smile, "Now, that's a fuck!"
Irv was next. Loopy had lubricated her, so he slid in easily and pumped long 
and slow. He was taking his time, enjoying the best piece of ass he was ever 
likely to have in his lifetime.
Maybe she was enjoying it, too, he thought, because her ass wiggled slightly 
and she made an unintelligible but sensual sound that might have been an 
invitation to keep it coming.
Irv ended with a huge sigh and backed off.
"Your turn, Pete," said Jake.
"No way," Pete said. "This is insane."
"Insane?" said Jake, calmly--too calmly. "Insane? I'll show you insane."
He walked back to the table where he'd left the rifle and returned with it.
He shoved the barrel into her rectum.
"Now, it's too bad she's not awake and a contortionist," he said, "because 
she could kiss her ass goodbye."
With that he pulled the trigger. Everyone flinched, but there was only a 
loud click. Angrily, Jake pulled back the bolt and checked the chamber. It 
was empty.
"Looks like you'll just have to fuck her like regular," said Loopy, 
philosophically.
"To hell with that," Jake growled. He pulled the gun barrel out of her butt 
hole, raised the rifled above her and brought the stock down on the back of 
her head with a sickening thud.
"Jesus," said Pete.
Her body twitched, then went limp.
"Is she dead?" Irv asked.
"What the fuck difference does it make?" asked Jake. "She soon enough will 
be."
He scooped her up in his arms, carried her over to the pickup truck and 
dumped her onto the ground. "We'll get rid of her later," he said. "I'm 
ready for another beer." His voice was oddly cheerful, as if nothing more 
unusual had happened.
The others knew enough to humor him when he got like this. Irv opened four 
cans of beer and handed them around. They talked quietly. No one mentioned 
the woman who lay unconscious, perhaps dead, only a few yards away.

*****
But SG wasn't dead, and she was no longer unconscious. Her head ached 
terribly, and the pain in her ribs flared every time she moved. But move she 
must, before the men lost interest in drinking and decided on more fun with 
her.
Quietly, she crawled around the truck, away from their table. After she had 
made it about fifty feet along the gravel road that led out of the park, she 
got unsteadily to her feet and staggered forward.
The moon slipped behind a cloud, and in the darkness she didn't see the 
broken beer bottle. She stepped on it and let out a small cry of pain.
A small cry, but not small enough.
It was Irv; again, who spotted her first, a pale form on the road.
"She's getting away," he called.
They all jumped to their feet. But Jake told them to stay where they were. 
He groped in his jeans pocket, found the keys to the truck, leaped in and 
cranked it up as he hit the headlights. The truck swerved backward in a 
short arc, and when SG's slender body appeared in the lights, he rammed the 
transmission into first gear. The truck bolted forward, spewing a hail of 
gravel behind it.
She was only a few dozen yards down the road, and she seemed frozen by the 
oncoming lights. She made no effort to evade the truck.
"Don't," Pete cried, but his plea was lost in the roar of the engine and the 
loud thump as the pickup smashed into SG and sent her flying. She landed 20 
feet in front of the truck, but Jake wasn't finished. The truck rolled over 
her body with a jolt and continued down the road before skidding to a stop.
Irv and Pete and Loopy, who had been watching all this in a mixture of 
fascination and horror, now ran toward her. It was Pete who saw the truck 
approaching them in reverse.
"Get off the road," he shouted.
Amazingly, SG was moving, writhing in the gravel, reaching, with her left 
hand, for some imagined source of succor or help.
The truck crunched over her prone form, skidded to a halt, then jerked 
forward again, as Jake shifted gears, all the while grinding the girl into 
the gravel.
At last, he backed up enough so that she lay in the headlights, covered with 
gravel dust, her eyes open but rolled back, her mouth open and slack-jawed.
Jake jumped out of the cab, rushed over to her and pressed two fingers 
against her throat.
"You're a fuckin' maniac," Irv said, in a tone that suggested admiration as 
well as revulsion.
"Any pulse?" asked Pete.
"As a matter of fact, Petemeister, there is," said Jake. "Not much, but 
maybe we can help."
He went back to the cab of the truck, opened a metal case and came back with 
jumper cables.
"Here, Loopy," he said, "Let's give her a charge."
"You've gotta be kidding," Irv said. Pete turned away in disgust.
"No kidding," said Jake cheerfully. "This'll be just like ER."
Loopy attached the cable to the truck's battery terminals, then handed the 
other end to Jake, who brushed the clamps together to produce a shower of 
sparks.
SG lay crumpled and twisted in the road. Jake kicked her arms and legs until 
she lay spread eagle on her back. Then, straddling her, but with his feet 
parted widely enough to avoid contact, he reached down and attached the 
clamps to her nipples.
"Clear!" he shouted, but he barely cleared her himself as she went into wild 
convulsions.
"She's humpin' like a snake run over by a mower," Irv said.
"Let's turn up the juice," said Jake. He climbed back into the cab and 
gunned the engine.
"Christ, she's smokin'," called Loopy.
Jake turned off the engine, climbed back out and looked at the twitching 
body. Smoke was indeed rising from her breasts.
"Better put it out," he said. He unzipped his pants, pulled out his pecker 
and began to piss on her.
The piss sizzled on the overheated clamps and the smell was sickening, but 
Jake didn't seem to mind. He smiled contentedly.
"This," he said quietly, "is a hundred times better than sex."

***
Before they finished with her that night, Loopy had fucked her four more 
times, and Irv had poked her twice. Pete, who had slunk away, returned 
sheepishly and asked for a chance to join in. Jake sneered but said, "Go 
ahead."
For all his earlier concern about her, Pete put his heart into it. And when 
she seemed to regain consciousness before he was finished, he smashed her in 
the head with a flashlight. He was one of them, as guilty as Jake. He was 
filled with self-hatred--and lust.
***

When the sky began to lighten, Jake said it was time to dump her. They 
loaded her into the back of the pickup. Loopy climbed in beside her, to make 
sure she didn't wake up and escape.
Irv drove, Pete and Jake beside him.
"Where to?" asked Irv.
"The dumpster behind the Foundry Apartments," said Jake. "They don't pick up 
for two days."
They drove past the apartment buildings to the littered cul de sac where the 
dumpster squatted like an ugly metal toad.
Irv backed up to it, then Jake jumped out to help Loopy. He lifted the heavy 
metal dumpster lid, while Loopy picked SG up and tossed her naked body into 
the dark, foul-smelling steel box.
"Is she's still alive?" Jake asked.
"That's highly unlikely," Loopy drawled. "Since I twisted her fuckin' head 
180 degrees while we were driving here. And I heard her neck crack."
"You're a good man, Loopy," Jake said. "You're my kind of man."
They drove away, as the first rays of the sun lit the thin high clouds. The 
apartment complex would be stirring in another hour, but for now all was 
quiet.
Well, not completely quiet. If anyone had been standing beside the dumpster, 
they would have heard an occasional rustle and scraping inside.
Perhaps it was the sound of scavenging rats. Or maybe simply the trash bags 
and debris settling.
Or maybe, just maybe, it was our heroine, super no more, struggling to hang 
onto life--or, given the pain and humiliation she had endured that night, 
perhaps she was struggling to shake off her immortality and embrace the 
comforts of the grave.




(II)

Stick drove slowly down Ironmongers Lane, peering into the semi-darkness to 
avoid parked cars. The headlights of his battered van were turned off. No 
sense advertising his presence. Somewhere near here, if he remembered 
correctly, there was a right turn that led to the dumpster. He'd used it 
several times before, driving the eight miles from town with special 
packages, rather than trusting them to city sanitation crews.
He almost passed up the turn, pulled a hard right then followed the short 
street to the cul de sac.
The dumpster loomed in front of him, with something pale, packing material 
perhaps, hanging from its rim.
He got out quietly, slid back the door and lifted his package from the 
floor. It was wrapped in black plastic garbage bags and tied with rope.
When he reached the dumpster, he could see what was hanging from it more 
clearly.
It was a body, a young woman's body. She was bent over the rim, her head and 
arms and upper body dangling outside, the rest of her - assuming there was a 
rest of her - still inside.
He carefully laid his package on the ground, leaned forward and touched the 
body. It was still warm. He knelt, grabbed a handful of blonde hair and 
lifted her head. He was gazing into the most beautiful face he had ever 
seen. Her eyes, which had been closed, opened partially, and her lips tried 
to form a word, but only a soft moan emerged.
He gently released her hair, then, using a fragment of a concrete block that 
was lying next to the dumpster, propped the lid open enough and began to 
pull her out. It wasn't easy, and she cried out as her hips and legs cleared 
the rim.
He lost his balance, and she landed on top of him. He lay there a moment, 
trying to resist the urge to unzip his pants and fuck her right there, next 
to the dumpster - hell, in the dumpster, anywhere. His dick was as hard as 
concrete.
But this was crazy. He had to get her out of here. He picked her up and 
placed her gently on the floor of the van. He pulled a blanket from under 
the driver's seat and wrapped it around her. It was then that he noticed a 
foul smell. Maybe it was from her being dumped in with all the garbage. Or 
maybe she had pissed herself, poor thing.
No matter, he'd get her back to the apartment in town and wash her up. He'd 
get her a cup of tea and turn on the gas heater in the living room.
Then he'd fuck her and fuck her and fuck her. They didn't call him Stick 
because he was tall and thin. In fact, he was short and wiry. They called 
him Stick, and he called himself Stick, because of his nearly perpetual 
erection - an erection that masturbation a dozen times a day and occasional 
long weekends with women could not tame.
*****

When SG regained consciousness - regained it enough to remember who she was, 
and who she had been - she was lying in a hot bath, amid mounds of bubbles. 
A man with a square face and dark hair was caressing her with a sponge. His 
expression was one of concern and gentleness. It seemed a long, long time 
since she had experienced gentleness.
He slid the sponge over her breasts, down her belly and between her legs. 
She sighed and closed her eyes. Then she felt his lips on her eyelids. He 
was kissing her, even as the sponge caressed her pussy under the warm water.
After the bath, as Stick had hoped and planned, they made love beside the 
gas heater, on a pile of thick bath towels. Unbidden, she took his cock into 
her mouth and softly sucked it. She stroked his scrotum. Then she spread her 
legs and invited him in. He had never been hotter, and she - well, she had 
never had an experience like this before.
Or had she? She tried to remember the previous night. Had it been a bad 
dream, those cruel and contemptuous men beating her and sticking their dicks 
in her? She shuddered beneath Stick's humping body as the memory of the 
pickup truck and the jumper cables washed over her.
Stick mistook her shudder for passion and redoubled his efforts.

*****
She awakened to the sound of his voice. He was telling her about his 
roommate, someone named Stars. He seemed worried. SG smiled and caressed his 
cock. He placed his hand on her shoulder, then leaned down to kiss her on 
the mouth.
There was the sound of a key in the lock of the front door, and he said, 
urgently, "She's here. Stay quiet. Don't do anything to piss her off."
The door opened, and standing there was a young woman in black biking shorts 
and a black leather vest that left her muscular, tattooed arms and shoulders 
exposed. Her hair was short and very black and seemed to stick out in all 
directions.
She radiated an angry, unstable energy.
"Hi, honey," Stick said. "We've got a house guest for a few days." He 
gestured to SG, who had wrapped a towel around herself and stood timidly 
behind him. His warnings had confused SG. Should she step forward and offer 
this strange woman her hand? Should she introduce herself?
Instead, she remained silent--and hoped for the best.




(III)

Stars looked SG over carefully.
"What's your name?" she asked.
SG said nothing. She wasn't sure, from Stick's warnings, what she should 
say.
"What's her name, Stick?"
"I don't know. She didn't tell me. Come to think of it, she didn't say 
nothing all day."
"I'll bet," said Stars, "what with her mouth being so full of dick since she 
met you. Where'd you find her?"
"In a dumpster over at the Foundry Apartments," said Stick. Then his face 
darkened, and he added, "Where I was busy disposing of one of your messes."
"Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry about that," said Stars. "I owe you one."
She turned back to SG.
"Okay, you'll be nameless. No, we'll call you Trash Girl, in honor of your 
humble origins. That'll be your new name. Trash Girl. Mine's Stars. Wanna 
know why?"
SG started to speak, then thought better of it. She didn't know how to deal 
with this odd person.
And she certainly didn't expect the sudden punch that hit her square in the 
face and knocked her to the floor.
"They call me that because when I'm around, some folks end up seeing stars," 
said Stars, with a laugh that sounded like a bark.
And sure enough, SG did see stars--and little chirping birds circling her 
head, just like in the comic books. She wondered dreamily if the others 
could see them.
Stick said, "C'mon. Give her a break. She hasn't done nothing. Besides, 
she's different."
"Different?" said Stars, with a look of mock amazement. "How so, different?"
She knelt and spread SG's legs and jammed two fingers into her pussy.
"Looks like a cunt to me," she said. Then she sniffed and licked her fingers 
and added, "Smells and tastes like cunt, too. No difference there."
Then she grabbed SG breasts and twisted them so hard that SG gave a little 
yelp.
"Regular tits. Same as on all the other sluts you've dragged home."
She pulled SG upright by the hair and stared closely at her face.
"Prettier than most, I agree," said Stars. "Is that the difference, Stick?"
"Yeah, I guess so. I don't know, she just seems special somehow."
"Special, huh? Well, what could it be that's so special?" She pulled SG to 
her feet and looked her over, up and down, with exaggerated care.
Then she stepped back and said, seriously this time, "There is something 
different. I hit her real hard in the nose and there should be blood all 
over the place, but there isn't."
Stick hadn't noticed, but Stars was right. Not a drop of blood. And the 
girl's nose wasn't even swollen.
"I think we need to pursue this scientifically," said Stars, as she pulled 
back her right fist for another punch. SG flinched and raised her hands to 
protect her face. But the blow landed, instead, in her stomach.
She fell to her knees, then crumpled all the way to the floor, holding her 
gut.
"May not bleed, but definitely feels pain. Make a note of that, doctor," 
said Stars, who then delivered a devastating kick to SG's kidneys.
SG writhed in agony. Stars was right. She felt pain, and not just physical 
pain. The man called Stick, who had been so kind to her that day, and who 
had made such passionate love to her, had betrayed her. He now stood by 
passively while this sadistic, incredibly strong bitch turned her into a 
punching bag.
But this despairing line of thought was rudely interrupted as Stars landed 
another kick - a stomp, actually, since she brought her boot down like a 
piston on SG's exposed midsection.
SG gasped and shuddered. The last thing she saw before passing out was 
Stars' face, hovering above her and wearing an expression of intense 
curiosity.

*****
She was unconscious all through the 6 o'clock local news, which was too bad, 
because she would have found it interesting.
It seems that the nephew of a sheriff's deputy, a young man named Pete, had 
tearfully confessed to his uncle that he and some buddies had killed a girl 
and dumped her body behind the Foundry Apartments. The uncle had dismissed 
it as some kind of sick fantasy, but shortly after 1 p.m. a Foundry resident 
had made a grisly discovery: a human head, partially wrapped in plastic 
garbage bags, lying near a dumpster. Dogs or coons had gotten into the 
packaging.
The head was described as that of a young woman. But due to circumstances, 
her face was all but unrecognizable.
Pete had now been charged with murder, and two of his buddies had also been 
arrested. But the alleged ringleader, a man named Jake, had disappeared.
Funny thing is, Pete, after having confessed earlier, insisted he had 
nothing to do with the woman whose head had been found. The others also 
claimed to know nothing about a headless woman--or, more properly, a 
womanless head.
Stars, sitting next to Stick in front of the TV set, was elated.
"Jesus, we've got someone to take the rap. They will never, ever get all 
this untangled. That cunt I snuffed, what was her name . . ."
"Ruby," said Stick. "It was Ruby."
"Whatever. She's their problem now, not ours. They've got her confused with 
our Trash Girl. Thank God for shit-brained good ole boys."
She took a swig of bottled water, then asked, "Where's the rest of her?"
"You don't need to know," said Stick. "I'm trying to protect you. I'm always 
trying to protect you."
"I know," said Stars. "I know, and I appreciate it. I mean it. And I 
appreciate you lettin' me have a little fun with Trash Girl. I promise I 
won't do any permanent damage."
Stick merely grunted. Stars was like a sister to him, but he knew she never 
could keep a promise if it meant not maiming or dismembering the women he 
occasionally brought home. It was just a weakness she had, and some day it 
would get them both in trouble.
But he hoped to enjoy himself with this one for at least a few more days. 
And maybe he could find a way to let her escape, if she promised never to 
tell anyone of her experiences in their apartment.
*****

Stick was right. Stars couldn't resist inflicting punishment on SG. First 
thing the next morning, she bounded out of her bedroom full of energy. SG 
was sleeping on the floor in the living room, in front of the TV.
"Morning, cunt," said Stars, cheerfully, as she leaped into the air and came 
down, knees first, on the small of SG's back. Then she boxed her ears, 
grabbed her hair and slammed her face into the floor.
"Time for breakfast," Star said, dragging SG by the wrists into the kitchen. 
"I'm a health nut, but there's no reason you can't enjoy some bacon and 
eggs. I'm fixin' 'em anyway, for Stick."
She dropped SG in the corner, next to the garbage pail - funny how that girl 
had such an attraction for trash, Stars thought - and set about fixing 
breakfast.
Stick came in, with a sleepy, puzzled look on his face. "What's up?" he 
asked.
Stars looked past him at SG, who was now on her hands and knees, trying to 
find the strength to stand.
"Our guest is what's up," said Stars.
She picked up a cast-iron skillet, already hot from the gas flames, and 
slammed it with a loud metallic bonk on the side of SG's head.
SG fell backward, emitting a groan and the smell of singed hair.
"You promised," said Stick.
"I did, and I'm keeping my promise. No permanent damage. See, she's already 
trying to get up again. No normal woman, or man, for that matter, would take 
a belt like that from an iron skillet and be ready to join us for breakfast 
20 seconds later. And you are ready, aren't you, Trashy?"
SG held the side of her head and staggered to a chair. Stick helped her.
"You okay?" he asked.
Okay? Suddenly, she had a vision of herself, as if in a dream, effortlessly 
defeating a dozen strong men, all twice as big as this woman named Stars. 
Had she been able to do that once? And now? Now, she was a pitiful, battered 
weakling.
"Okay?" Stick repeated.
"I remember something," she said softly.
"Ah, the cunt speaks," said Stars.
"Remember what?" Stick asked gently.
"I think I remember who I am - or was."
"And just who are you, Trash Girl?" Stars asked.
SG lowered her eyes and fell silent. They wouldn't believe her, not now, 
after all that she had been through. Stars would simply beat her harder, to 
prove she was delusional. And Stick - he too would think she was crazy.
Stars shoved a plate of bacon and eggs, over easy, in front of Stick. "How 
do you like your eggs, cunt?" she asked.
"I don't know," SG said, almost in a whisper. "I don't think I've ever eaten 
eggs."
"Jesus, a picky eater. Just what I need. Okay, how about toast and coffee?"
SG began to weep. Had she ever eaten or drunk before? They ate for energy, 
and pleasure. Did she need to eat for energy? She couldn't remember.
"Okay, get the fuck out of here," Stars said.
SG went into the living room, pulled her knees up to her chin and sobbed 
softly. On the TV, cartoon characters were hitting each other with big 
wooden mallets and dropping anvils from office windows.
"Just like real life," she thought.

*****

Actually, real life was soon to be quite a bit rougher than what the 
characters on TV endured.
Stick left, with a plea to Stars to restrain herself. He knew it was futile. 
He looked at SG, but turned away quickly when he saw the fear in her eyes.
"Well, it's just you and me, Trash Girl," said Stars, as the door closed.
SG shut her eyes, took a deep breath and tried to summon up powers she had 
voluntarily relinquished. If that failed, she would just have to see what 
she could do with mere human strength and courage.
Stars hadn't yet put on her leather glove, so the rough stuff started with a 
wrestling hold instead of a punch. SG resisted, but she quickly found 
herself face down on the floor, her wrists held behind her by Stars' 
powerful grip. In fact, Stars was so strong, she needed only one hand for 
the job. With the other, she grabbed SG's hair and pulled her head so far 
back that SG feared her neck would break.
Stars let her head fall back to the floor, then dragged her over to the desk 
by the front door, opened a drawer and pulled out stainless steel handcuffs.
In no time, SG's wrists were secured behind her. Stars lifted her to her 
feet and stepped back to admire her work.
"Very nice, but you need a touch of leather," she said. With that, she 
punched SG harder than she ever had before, and our defenseless heroine 
slammed into the door and collapsed.
*****
When she came to, she thought perhaps she had been blinded by her beatings. 
Her eyes were open, but she could see nothing.
And she was having difficulty breathing. Something around her neck was 
constricting her windpipe.
Had she been able to see herself as Stars now saw her, she would have been 
even more alarmed. SG was suspended from the ceiling of a dank cellar by a 
chain attached to a leather contraption that held her arms behind her. There 
was a leather collar around her neck, and over her head was a black leather 
hood.
The chain from the ceiling ran through a steel ring on her collar, down to 
her wrists. It couldn't be said that she was hanging by the neck, but the 
collar supported part of her weight. The rest was borne by her twisted, 
outraged arms and shoulders.
Her toes were only a few inches above the concrete floor, but of course, 
under the circumstances, an inch was a mile.
She heard a gurgling, wheezing sound, and it took a few seconds before she 
realized that she was making it. She was beginning to suffocate. She tried 
to relieve the pressure on her throat by pushing down with her wrists, but 
the pain to her arms and shoulders was unendurable.
"Having fun," asked a familiar voice.
With supreme effort, she was able to say, "Please." But that was all.
"Please?" said Stars. "Please what? Please beat the shit out of me? Please 
jump on me and hang there until the weight breaks my neck? Or my head rips 
off? Or how about this?"
She grabbed a toilet plunger from a nearby sink and stuck the wooden handle 
deep into SG's pussy, jerking it violently back and forth.
SG cried out in pain.
"Now, that's more like it," Stars said. "A response I can understand."
She tossed the plunger aside and pulled out a pair of leather gloves.
"Now comes exercise time. I need a workout, and the crippled, fat-ass 
son-of-a-bitch who owns this building won't let me hang a heavy bag, not 
even a speed bag. So you're it, sweetheart."
SG flexed her belly muscles in anticipation of the punishment she knew was 
coming. But with the first punch, it was painfully clear that even this 
meager defense was useless.
Stars worked methodically and vigorously. Jabs to the breasts, hooks to the 
sides and kidneys, an uppercut to the crotch. The blows came so fast that SG 
lost count - and consciousness.
At last, Stars took a break and squirted bottled water into her mouth. She 
squirted some onto SG, too. Trash Girl was awfully quiet. No moans. Not even 
gurgles and gasps. If she was dead, Stick would be pissed.
Stars grabbed a step ladder, detached SG from the chain and dropped her to 
the floor. Then she leaned down and felt for a pulse. There was none, or at 
least none strong enough to detect.
"Shit," she said. "You may not bleed, but you're just an ordinary mortal 
cunt after all."
She picked SG up and crammed her into a dark space between the water heater 
and the sink. Hardly anyone came to the basement anymore, not since the 
washing machine broke down. She'd leave the cunt here, walk to Maxine's 
house and borrow a car. She'd have to dispose of this one herself; no asking 
Stick this time.
And she suddenly felt remorse--not for the girl whose battered body lay on 
the cold, dirty concrete but for Stick, whom she had once again 
disappointed.




(IV)

	SG sat in the lotus position atop a crystal pillar. Arrayed around her were 
all the gods and goddesses, on their thrones. The clouds behind them were 
suffused with a golden light. Music from instruments unseen and 
unrecognizable filled the heavens, blending with the murmur of the deities.
	A bearded figure, chief among the gods, leaned forward and asked her if she 
regretted surrendering her powers. Did she realize now that only by saving 
others could she save herself?
	SG lowered her eyes. She was reluctant to defy a being so powerful and 
wise, yet she was determined not to resume her role as superheroine.
	"I cannot," she said. "I can no longer be what I was. I'm sorry."
	"Then know that we cannot protect you. Your powers were inextricably 
linked. You have lost the strength to defeat an army of mere mortals. Soon, 
you yourself will be mortal. Death will be your destiny if you pursue this 
selfish course."
	She raised her eyes. The god's face was now only a few feet from hers. It 
was enormous, filling her entire field of vision, crowding out all else....

**
SG found herself looking up into the very fat face of an enormous man. He 
had been leaning on a thick black cane, but he now shifted his weight, 
flipped the cane and hooked the handle into the ring on her collar. He 
lifted her up as if he were pulling a trout from a stream. Obese and lame he 
may have been, but it was clear that he was also very strong.
"Who are you, child, and how did you get here?"
She stood unsteadily, her knees still weak from all she had endured.
"Don't worry," the man said. "I won't let you fall."
"Thank you. My name is... I don't know my name. She calls me Trash Girl."
"She? You mean Stick's lady friend? Ah, yes. She's quite unbalanced, you 
know. I hope you haven't had much to do with her. Has she beaten you?"
"Yes," said SG.
"You don't look like you've been beaten," said the man. "I've seen some of 
the women she's worked over. Whatever they looked like before, they 
certainly weren't beautiful when she finished with them - and you, by 
contrast, are quite beautiful, quite delectable."
"Thank you," said SG.
"Much too delectable to be mishandled by that over-muscled dyke. I think I 
can help you, and perhaps you can help me. Stick is a good tenant, but he's 
behind on his rent, and his girlfriend has done some minor damage to the 
apartment. I think it would be quite appropriate, and beneficial to all 
concerned, if you became their security deposit. What do you think?"
"I will do as you say. But please ... please don't hurt me."
"That, alas, I cannot guarantee. It is so easy to hurt others without even 
being aware of it. But I will do my best to be kind."
At this point, he removed his soiled white shirt and covered her naked body. 
She noted his enormous rolls of fat. Never had she seen anyone so huge.
"There," he said. "I've given you the shirt off my back. What more could 
anyone ask?"
*****
Mr. Cochon, for that was his name, took her up to his apartment, which had 
the same layout as Stick's but was more tastefully decorated, a rather 
modest achievement.
All the chairs were quite large, and the bed SG saw when she glanced through 
one door was enormous - big enough for four or five normal-sized people to 
sleep quite comfortably.
Mr. Cochon told her to make herself comfortable in the living room, then 
went into the kitchen. He returned with a glass of ice water and a white 
pill.
"I'm brewing a pot of tea," he said. "Take this. It will relax you."
"Thank you, but I don't need medication," she answered.
"Don't think of this as medicine. Think of it as a comforting friend, 
someone in whom you can have absolute trust."
"Okay," she said. "I guess it can't hurt."
She washed the pill down with water, then waited for something to happen. 
She didn't have to wait long.
Mr. Cochon was talking about recipes and restaurants. There was a small 
place in Charlotte he especially liked, a place where they made a delicious 
kidney pie.
She smiled and nodded politely but found it difficult to follow his 
conversation. She was sitting on an overstuffed sofa, and the cushions 
seemed to invite her to lie down, if only for a moment.

*****

Mr. Cochon rose quietly and examined the sleeping girl. She was indeed very 
lovely. If her insides matched her outside, she would have the most 
extraordinary organs.
He lifted her, brought her into the dining room and laid her out on a long 
mahogany table. He removed the shirt he had given her and stroked and poked 
her body. Excellent muscle tone. Very nice breasts, with nipples like milk 
chocolate buttons atop two mounds of peach sherbet. He leaned down and 
sniffed her pussy. It would be quite lovely, sauteed in butter and garlic.
Then he frowned. Money. He would be a fool to devour what could bring a very 
pretty price at the Medical Center. And after all, he had his financial 
future to think about. He wasn't getting any younger, he couldn't work at 
any conventional job, and his rental properties brought in barely $75,000 a 
year.
Decisions, decisions.
He rubbed her belly with his fat hand, then leaned over and licked her 
crotch.
Quite extraordinary. He sighed. The future, he told himself, think of the 
future -and not of the feast foregone.




(V)

Shortly after Mr. Cochon phoned the Medical Center, the future arrived in 
the form of two young black men wearing identical long leather jackets and 
identical expressions of insolence and ennui.
"We here for the bitch," said the taller of the two.
"And to deliver a package to me," said Mr. Cochon.
"Right," said the tall one. He handed Mr. Cochon a bulging leather pouch.
"Thank you," said Mr. Cochon. "Now you understand that the young woman must 
be delivered alive. Alive and in good shape."
"Yeah, man, we understand. Where is she?"
Mr. Cochon ushered them into the living room. The two young men looked at SG 
silently for a moment, then the shorter one said, "This is gonna be one fine 
fucking assignment."
Mr. Cochon was annoyed. "It is not a 'fucking' assignment, it is a simple 
matter of delivering merchandise. No rough stuff. She is to arrive safe and 
intact at the Medical Center, or you will pay - not to me but to your 
employers, and you know what kind of people they are."
He didn't need to elaborate.
They wrapped her in a bed sheet, an oversized sheet from Mr. Cochon's 
oversized bed, and the black men left without a word.
Mr. Cochon opened the leather pouch. He didn't count the money. There was a 
lot there, and he trusted the Medical Center. They had done business before.

*****

The black men dumped SG into the trunk of a '79 Pontiac that looked half a 
block long.
The tall one got into the driver's seat, turned to his accomplice and showed 
just the shadow of a smile. "We do a little detour," he said.
"Absolutely, man," said the short one, "a detour to Fuckland."
And so they drove west on Third Street, instead of south on Begala, and in 
five minutes they were in neighborhood even more rundown than the one Mr. 
Cochon lived in - rundown and sparsely populated.
They pulled into the side yard of a house with boarded windows and a sagging 
front porch. The back door had been boarded, too, but the wood had been torn 
away. The short man carried SG over his shoulder, stepping over what was 
left of the doorframe. Inside, it was dark and smelled bad.
They let their eyes adjust to the dark. Just enough light came through slits 
in the boarded widows to enable them to see the broken glass and 
unidentifiable trash on the floor - and, sagging against one wall, a 
mattress that looked like it might harbor more urban wildlife than an entire 
block of abandoned tenements.
The tall one flipped the mattress onto the floor, and his companion dropped 
SG onto it. She cried out softly and lifted one hand, then let it drop.
"She's comin' to," said Shorty.
"That just makes it better. I like it when they're awake, and scared."
SG was indeed awakening. She opened her eyes and saw two shadowy figures in 
the gloom. She had no idea, of course, where she was or who these figures 
were, but she suspected she was once again in trouble.
"What do you want?" she asked.
"Yo pussy, yo mouth and yo sweet white ass," answered the taller of the men.
Then he reached down, slipped two fingers inside the leather collar around 
her neck and pulled her to her feet.
"We can start with yo mouth," he said.
He slapped her hard across the face.
"Kneel, bitch," he said. She knelt, and he unzipped his fly and pulled out a 
large uncircumcised dick. "Suck it. Suck it like you've never tasted 
anything better in yo whole fucking life."
Tentatively, she took his dick in her hands and stroked it.
"I said suck, bitch."
She took the head of his dick into her mouth and sucked softly. Then she 
took in more, stroking the head with her tongue, while her lips massaged his 
shaft.
He came quickly, more quickly than he had wanted. He angrily pulled out his 
prick, then smashed his knee into her jaw.
"Bitch, you too goddam good."
Now it was Shorty's turn. He spread her legs, licked her cunt to lubricate 
it, then plunged his dick into her.
"Wiggle, slut. Move or I'll cut yo tits off."
SG tried to move, but the blow to her jaw had left her dazed and weak. It 
didn't make any difference. Shorty, like the tall one, shot off a wad of cum 
in less than half a minute.
He withdrew and, kneeling between her spread legs, reached into his pocket 
and pulled out a shiny black object. There was a click, and a blade 
appeared.
The tall one slapped it out of his hand.
"You fuckin' crazy. You cut her and we gonna end up on one of those slabs at 
the Center, with no kidneys, no livers, no eyeballs and probably no dicks. 
Think, you stupid mutha-fucker."
So Shorty thought.
"Okay, we don't cut her. We don't leave no scars. But they ain't interested 
in her asshole, right? We can do what we want with that, so long as it ain't 
cut or bleeding?"
"What you got in mind?"
"Is the water still on here?" asked Shorty.
"Yeah, I guess so."
Shorty stepped through the doorway, looked around, then disappeared. He was 
back in a few seconds with a garden hose.
"Stick this in her asshole, and I'll go out and turn on the faucet."
"Man, you are bad," said the tall one, with newfound admiration for his 
companion.
He stuck the corroded metal nozzle into SG's rectum. She cried out in pain. 
Seconds later, the hose vibrated as it filled with water, then it did a sort 
of hiccup and SG began writhing on the mattress. The nozzle slipped out, and 
water spurted over her back and head. But the tall one jammed it back in, 
and Shorty arrived and held her down to prevent her from escaping.
"Push it in more, push it in more," Shorty cried. "Push it up to her fucking 
tonsils."
The tall one laughed and shoved it in further. He pushed a foot and a half 
of hose into her, and her efforts to wriggle free were weakening.
Shorty lifted her head from the mattress, looked into her pain-filled eyes 
and said, "See, honey, I knew you could move if you really wanted to."

*****
They wrapped her back up in the sheet and took her out to the car. The tall 
one had worried that the hosing would act like an enema and she'd be covered 
with shit, but the water that came out of her ass was clear. Guess she 
hadn't eaten in a while - except for his cum.
They put her in the trunk. Before the tall one closed it, she asked, "Where 
are you taking me?"
"Where you can serve yo fellowman and fellow-woman. You gonna be a blessing 
to a whole bunch of folks, and you gonna travel all over the country."
He laughed. "I just hope they save a part for me, honey."




(VI)

They pulled into a section of the underground parking garage reserved for 
special deliveries like this one, then took the elevator to an even lower 
level. When the elevator door opened, Dr. Hammond and Dr. Cutler were 
waiting.
"You're half an hour late," said Hammond, a large middle-aged man with 
thinning hair. "Where have you been?"
"We got lost trying to find his house," the tall one lied. Then, reading the 
skepticism on their faces, he added, "Then we, like, started jiving and not 
paying attention."
"Put her on the table," said Hammond. Cutler, an attractive dark-haired 
woman with the merciless eyes of someone who enjoyed vivisection, pulled the 
sheet from SG.
"She's conscious," Cutler said, as SG raised her head. "Why wasn't she 
sedated?"
"I dunno," the tall one answered. "She was out when we picked her up. Guess 
the stuff the fat man gave her just wore out."
SG tried to sit up, but Cutler pushed her back.
"Lie down," she commanded. "We've got an examination to do." She ran her 
hands expertly over SG's body, then told her to turn over. "There's rawness 
here around the rectum," Cutler told Hammond. "And, ugh, there's something 
seeping out of her vagina. I think it's semen."
Hammond was very annoyed.
"Jerome, Khalid, I've told you before, you're simply to pick up and deliver. 
This will go in your job evaluations. I don't know how much longer the 
Center is going to tolerate this kind of undisciplined behavior."
"Sorry, boss," said the tall one, Jerome.
After the black men left, Cutler said, "Let's get to work. We've got a 
helicopter on call for her liver and the kidneys are staying here in town."
"I don't know," said Hammond. "It seems such a waste. She's quite 
beautiful."
"And expensive," said Cutler, icily. "We've got 20 grand invested in this 
piece of meat."
At which point, SG, whom they seemed to have forgotten was awake, offered 
helpfully, "I don't want to make trouble. What do you want of me?"
Her voice startled them. Cutler said, "We're going to have to sedate you. 
Then we're going to do a little operation. It won't take long." She opened a 
cabinet and pulled out a hypodermic.
"Wait a minute, Helen," said Hammond. "Maybe there is a way we can recoup 
our investment and still allow this young woman to enjoy something 
approaching a normal life span. What about the Sexual Response Clinic? She 
seems made to order for it."
Cutler frowned. "People are counting on her organs. People we can help."
"Cut the bullshit, Helen," Hammond said. "You just enjoy carving, especially 
when it's an attractive young woman."
"Is that a sin?" Cutler asked innocently. "Is it so terrible to enjoy your 
work?"
"No, but there's more to this center than harvesting organs, profitable 
though it may be. The Sexual Response Clinic is doing quite nicely, but it 
hasn't yet won a national reputation. This young woman is just the sort of 
talent we need to break through to the top tier."
Cutler knew that Hammond was weak, but he was also stubborn. Tactical 
retreats were sometimes necessary to keep him under control in the long run.
"As you wish, Harry. I was just trying to be helpful," she said.
*****
Hammond's faith in SG's sexual potential was richly rewarded. She was a 
natural. They made several instructional videos in a studio deep with in the 
Center, with well-hung actors from New York or California flown in for the 
purpose - or with another young woman for lesbian instruction. But mostly SG 
performed live, in a small room in front of a two-way mirror. Behind it were 
the clinic's clients and one or two therapists. Hammond, though he had many 
other obligations at the Center, dropped in on these sessions as often as 
possible. He found them immensely arousing, and he had insisted that SG keep 
her leather collar. The hint of slavery and degradation added so much to her 
allure.
Cutler came by occasionally, too. She was biding her time, waiting for SG - 
or the Foundling, as she called her -  to make some major blunder and 
embarrass Hammond into agreeing she was worth more as transplant meat than 
as a porn star. But that wasn't the only reason for Cutler's interest. The 
Foundling fascinated her from the very first day, when she tried to draw a 
blood sample and discovered that the needle wouldn't penetrate her skin. 
Quite remarkable.
Hammond, of course, hadn't been interested. He wasn't a blood-and-guts sort 
of doctor. Administration and public relations were his forte. That and 
occasional sexual bouts with Cutler. These had become rarer and rarer, until 
the Foundling showed up. Now he seemed re-energized. Which was another 
reason Cutler hated her. Who wanted a man who was good in the sack only when 
fantasizing about another woman?
It was late on a Friday afternoon, when Cutler looked into the small 
auditorium where the sex clinic clients sat to watch the Foundling perform. 
The auditorium was empty, but there, on the other side of the glass, 
artfully illuminated, was the Foundling, on a chaise lounge, practicing. She 
caressed her pussy and moaned softly. Foundling, hell, the Fondling was more 
like it, thought Cutler.
Then the door to the small studio opened and a man peered in. Cutler 
recognized him as the new man on the janitorial crew. There was something 
creepy about him, but Fletcher, the head of maintenance, said he was the 
sort of young man who might come in handy one day for other assignments. The 
kind of assignments Jerome and Khalid had carried out until they were 
terminated and put to better use.

*****
SG opened her eyes when she heard a floorboard creak. The stage lights made 
it hard for her to see who had entered. But they were perfect for Jake - 
yes, the same Jake the police had given up looking for. He saw SG in all her 
glory, lying there and staring in his direction.
It was the bitch he was accused of murdering. It was the bitch Loopy and Irv 
and that asshole Pete were now in jail for supposedly having helped snuff.
And here she was, like she was some kind of porn queen, wearing nothing but 
a leather collar.
SG rose just as Jake stepped into the light. She gasped and looked 
frantically for a way to escape. There was none. He was between her and the 
door.
"Fancy meeting you here," he said quietly. "I heard you was dead."
On the other side of the glass, Cutler could hear as well as see as this 
dramatic reunion unfolded. She wondered if this were a rehearsal for a video 
the clinic was producing.
Jake quickly made it clear that this was for real. He grabbed SG around the 
waist as she tried to rush by him, then slammed her to the floor. Cutler 
moved to the glass to see what would happen next. She was breathing heavily. 
It was wonderfully exciting.
What happened next was that SG got unsteadily to her feet just in time for 
Jake to slam his fist into her gut. Back down she went, this time on her 
face. He grabbed the collar around her neck, pulled her up, then sent her 
careening into the back wall. The impact was more than the thin stage wall 
was built for. SG plunged through it and into a maintenance storage area 
behind it. Jake followed quickly. He held her collar while searching a 
pegboard full of tools. Cutler could barely see them, since they were beyond 
the range of the stage lighting. But Jake dragged her back into the studio. 
He was carrying a large pipe wrench.
SG was begging now, offering any and all kinds of sexual favors, anything to 
avoid a beating with the wrench. Jake seemed amused.
He smiled as he raised the wrench and brought it down on her upturned face. 
The thud was sickening, and Cutler turned away with a cry -  a cry that Jake 
heard.
He froze. Someone was watching. He stepped close to the one-way mirror and 
tried to look through it. He could see only his own reflection, and the 
reflection of SG lying unconscious on the floor.
Cutler slipped out of the auditorium and headed down the hall to Security. 
McKinnon and Jones were on duty.
"Quick," she said, "a janitor has just bludgeoned one of our employees at 
the Clinic studio. Get him before gets out of here, get him and kill him."
Then she grabbed the phone and called upstairs to Transplant Express.
"Get down to Lower Level 2 fast and bring a crash cart. We've got an 
unexpected donor."
Then she punched Hammond's extension. She hoped he was in. She would enjoy 
this.
"Harry, our little Foundling's had an accident. No, I didn't have anything 
to do with it. But Express is on the way down. I'll meet you in the OR. This 
should be fun."




(VII)

By the time Hammond arrived, Cutler was already scrubbed and ready. SG's 
seemingly lifeless body lay on the operating table. But one of the OR nurses 
was objecting.
"We don't even know if she's dead," she said. "You haven't even taken her 
pulse and pressure."
"I saw her bludgeoned by a pipe wrench," said Cutler impatiently. "Now, if 
you're not going to help get the fuck out of here."
The nurse appealed to Hammond. "Look," she said. "This woman doesn't even 
seem to have any visible injuries. Just a little swelling on her forehead 
and over one eye. You can't just rip her open."
"Just watch me," Cutler said angrily. She grabbed a scalpel, pressed it 
against SG's sternum and sliced downward, toward her navel.
Nothing happened. No incision. No blood. The knife pushed in but didn't cut.
Cutler tried again, slashing from SG's navel all the way down to her pubic 
hair.
Again, nothing.
Cutler reversed her grip on the scalpel, raised if above her head and 
brought it down with all her strength. SG cried out and her knees jerked up. 
But the knife didn't penetrate.
Cutler, Hammond, the nurses and two young surgery residents all looked at SG 
with amazement. She was indestructible. She was not of this world.
"That's impossible," Hammond said hoarsely. He took the knife from Cutler. 
With one hand he softly stroked SG's blonde hair. Then, with the other, he 
jabbed the knife into her side.
She made a little yelp and looked at him with hurt surprise.

*****
SG was now an even more valuable commodity than an organ donor or sex clinic 
star. After locking her in her room near the studio, Hammond and Cutler 
called the top medical staff gathered to brainstorm.
Hammond opened with the question on everyone's mind: "What do you do with a 
woman who can't be hurt? How can we profit as a medical center? How can we 
profit as individuals?"
Dr. Bowles, who was new to the Center, said this was much too big a 
discovery to be confined to one medical institution. He suggested calling in 
other researchers. The others glared at him.
Dr. Distruggio suggested further tests. This extraordinary being had 
survived a massive blow to the head and was impervious to the knife. What 
about burning, electricity, drowning?
"Does she feel pain?" Dr. Tickler asked. He had done important research on 
pain and was looking for examples of people who felt little or no pain, or 
who were exquisitely sensitive to it.
"Oh, she feels pain, all right," said Cutler. "I heard her when that janitor 
was roughing her up."
"And she cried out as if she was in pain when Helen stabbed her in the OR," 
said Hammond. "By the way," he added, turning to Cutler, "that was an 
especially nasty piece of work."
"And you were just showing affection when you tried to open up her side?" 
Cutler said frostily.
The discussion went on for another half hour, and the meeting ended with 
agreement that the "Foundling" would be subjected to a series of tests to 
determine her vulnerabilities, if any, and her pain threshold.
Cutler was delighted to be chose chairman of the experiment. She had so 
wanted to get to know the Foundling better.

*****
The days that followed were a living hell for SG. She was burned, first with 
disposable cigarette lighters, then with a cutting torch. She shrieked with 
pain, but survived, and with no permanent scars.
The hospital's emergency generator was cranked up to provide a separate 
source of power, and she was chained to a metal screen and subjected to huge 
jolts of electricity. Her hair stood on end, her saliva turned to steam in 
her mouth, and her eyes seemed about to burst out of her head.
But she was left with no lasting damage, beyond a few bad hair days.
The drowning experiment at first seemed to expose a fatal weakness. She was 
handcuffed, a 75-pound weight was attached to her collar, and she was dumped 
headfirst into the hydrotherapy pool. She thrashed around, and soon bubbles 
poured from her mouth.
After 20 minutes, they removed her from the pool. She appeared irrevocably 
dead. Indeed, 45 minutes later there was still no pulse and her body was 
turning cold.
An EEG revealed no brain wave, and Cutler delivered mocking last rites: "We 
commend this little slut to the obscure grave she deserves, regretting only 
the lost opportunity to inflict a little more pain before she left us."
But she hadn't left. Six hours later, in the Center's morgue, SG awoke with 
a violent fit of coughing. Water spurted from her mouth, and she convulsed 
with desperation and pain, her every cell crying out for oxygen.
It was 2 o'clock in the morning, but the orderly, following instructions in 
case such an unlikely contingency happened, called Dr. Cutler. She was 
furious, not at being awakened but at the Foundling's insistence on living.
She'd pay for that, Cutler said to herself as she drove to the Center, 
though how SG could pay any more than she already had was almost impossible 
to imagine.

*****
On Cutler's instructions, two orderlies carried SG down to the parking 
garage and tied her wrists to a drainpipe that ran along the top of one 
wall. SG's toes barely touched the concrete floor.
Then Cutler pulled her Land Rover to within a couple of feet of SG and 
gunned the engine. In the headlights, SG wriggled as she tried to escape her 
bonds. One of the orderlies called out, "Dr. Cutler, you'll hurt yourself." 
But it was too late.
The Land Rover lurched forward, the bumper and grill slamming into SG's 
pelvis and abdomen with a mighty sound of metal bending and glass breaking. 
The impact crumpled the Rover's hood, and Cutler, who hadn't attached her 
seat belt, was thrown forward into the steering wheel and windshield.
She was taken to the ER for treatment. An orderly managed to get the Rover 
into reverse and back it up. Meanwhile, SG was left dangling from the 
drainpipe like a side of beef at a packing house.
"Man, she must have god-awful internal injuries," said one of the orderlies.
"I don't know," said the other, "They say she's damn near indestructible. 
She oughta be in fuckin' action movies - you know, a stunt cunt." He 
laughed, but he didn't have his heart in it. Working at the Center wasn't 
good for your nerves, or your soul.




(VIII)

His idea was a good one. Hollywood would pay a lot for a beautiful woman who 
not only could be menaced by bad guys and monsters but could actually be 
beaten, burned, buried - and still show up fresh and ready to work the next 
day.
But the orderly was only an orderly, and men and women with far more 
impressive credentials, if much less imagination, now met in the Center's 
boardroom to decide SG's fate.
The committee agreed that the Foundling was incredibly durable - far more 
durable than poor Cutler, who was now in intensive care with a concussion 
and two broken ribs. This durability was a matter that deserved further 
study, but not only for the sake of advancing scientific knowledge. If the 
Center couldn't dispose of her, she might one day become a liability. She 
had to have a weak spot, and the committee had to find it.
Dr. Distruggio suggested that her ability to feel pain might offer some 
clues. Dr. Tickler enthusiastically agreed. The mind-body connection was 
well established, said Tickler, and perhaps psychological warfare would 
succeed where physical assaults had failed. The committee agreed it was 
worth a try, and SG was now to become the property of Distruggio and 
Tickler.
The good doctors set about their work with the seriousness it deserved. They 
consulted with the staff psychiatrist, Dr. Taubmann, but he offered only 
platitudes about self-esteem and gave them a self-help tape. But when Dr. 
Distruggio and Dr. Tickler listened to the tape, purely for amusement, it 
occurred to Tickler that if encouraging words boosted mental and physical 
health, perhaps a tape filled with hateful, demeaning messages would have 
the opposite effect.
They began recording a series of such messages in the technical suite where 
the Sexual Response videos were edited. "You are a useless slut," hissed 
Tickler into the microphone. "Nobody loves you," snarled Distruggio. "We all 
eagerly await your death."
Soon others on the staff were joining in. Cutler, newly released from 
intensive care, offered her own special endearments: "Die, you slimy little 
bitch. Feel your spirit shrivel up inside you. Die, you little coward. Die, 
you miserable piece of shit."
Hammond's efforts were recorded, then erased. Drs. Tickler and Distruggio 
agreed he was much too stiff and self-conscious for this kind of work. "We 
are very annoyed with you," went one of his messages. "I don't think you're 
capable of rehabilitation, and you've cost us a lot of money."
Surprisingly, Dr. Bowles caught on quickly. His messages were brief and to 
the point: "Eat shit and die." "You're a worthless tramp." "You're too 
stupid to live."
They even had her favorite sex clinic video co-star send in an especially 
nasty tape telling her that she was a lousy lay and that when he fucked her 
it was like sticking his dick in a bag full of garbage.
Then speakers were installed in the ceiling of SG's tiny room, and the 
psychological bombardment began.
Day and night, hour after hour, the taped messages ripped at her soul. The 
sound of hateful voices alternated with hideous human and non-human sounds: 
metal scraping against glass, the squeal of pigs in a slaughterhouse, the 
angry hiss of a cat or snake, the screams of torture victims, including 
several screams by SG herself that had been recorded during earlier 
experiments.
SG was at first puzzled by the psychological barrage. They had tried in so 
many ways to hurt her, ways that were infinitely more painful than this. 
What could they be thinking?
But in its insidious way, the negative conditioning began to work. She 
became listless. Her energy drained away. Sleep was impossible. She yearned 
to talk with someone, anyone, but she remained locked in the tiny room, her 
only company the voices of people who hated her, who wanted to see her die.
And, deep inside, she began to die.
After 10 days, Distruggio and Tickler decided to see how their experiment 
was going. They found SG lying curled up on the floor, her arms wrapped 
around her head, trying to ward off the voices.
"Get up, bitch," Tickler commanded. The medical staff had agreed beforehand 
that SG was to be addressed only as "bitch," "slut" or "trash."
SG didn't move. Tickler kicked her in the back. She groaned but remained 
curled up on the floor. Distruggio reached down, grabbed her collar - her 
only clothing -and dragged her from the room. A burly orderly took her, 
slung her over his shoulder, and they went to the upper level lecture hall.
The entire medical staff was there. SG was brought in on the stage, flanked 
by Distruggio and Tickler.
"Here we have our subject for the day," said Tickler. "Let's greet her 
appropriately."
"Die, bitch, die," the assembly roared in unison.
"Very good," said Tickler. "Now, Dr. Distruggio and I will run some routine 
tests."
Distruggio held SG firmly, her elbows jammed together behind her. Tickler 
raised his right hand dramatically, spread his fingers, then made a fist. He 
lowered it, pulled it back, then punched her with all his considerable 
strength in the stomach.
She crumpled up and would have fallen to the floor had Distruggio not held 
her.
"As you can see," said Tickler, "the subject remains sensitive to physical 
pain. The question is whether, after days of psychological torture, her body 
is at last vulnerable to real and lasting damage. Whether her skin can be 
penetrated. Whether she can bleed."
Here he drew from the pocket of his white lab boat a syringe. He removed the 
plastic cover from the needle, pulled back SG's slumping head with his left 
hand and plunged the needle into her neck with his right. The plastic 
chamber quickly filled with blood.
There was a gasp, then applause from the audience. Tickler gave a signal, 
and everyone shouted, "Die, bitch, die."
"And die she surely will," said Distruggio. "It's only a question of how."




(IX)

It was the normally unimaginative Hammond who came up with the answer, 
though, as usual, he had a financial rationale. Local promoters were 
planning a Tough Broad Brawl at Ralph's Arena downtown. They were looking 
for girls who could fight, or who at least were good looking enough to get 
the crowd excited.
The Foundling clearly wasn't tough. At one time, she could take a lot of 
punishment, even if she couldn't dish it out. Now, she probably wouldn't 
last 10 seconds with some of the over-muscled dykes attracted to this 
competition. But she was still very beautiful, far more beautiful, he felt 
sure, than any other woman who would be entered in the competition. The 
promoters would pay for that. And in the unlikely event that she won, there 
was a $15,000 prize for the evening's champion.
His plan, endorsed by the committee, was to offer the Foundling as a 
competitor on the condition that the promoters schedule her in the last 
bout, after all but one other fighter had been eliminated. The Foundling 
would fight the toughest of the tough, not because she had earned her way 
through earlier rounds but because she was too spectacularly good looking to 
be entered in any but the championship bout.
The chief promoter, Sam Marx, reluctantly agreed to come to the Center and 
listen to Hammond's proposal. He was skeptical at first. Fight crowds like 
those at Ralph's  loved mayhem, but they believed in fair play. They wanted 
fighters to advance only over the bodies of fallen competitors. What these 
medical guys were suggesting would cause a riot.
But when SG was brought into the conference room, wearing only her leather 
collar and a string bikini, Marx instantly reconsidered.
Sure, the crowd would be pissed at first. But when they saw this slender, 
lovely girl bounced around the ring by whatever tough broad made it to the 
finals, they'd go wild. Here was a chance to see Beauty battered, to see an 
aristocrat, unfairly elevated to the championship, destroyed by a good, 
solid, working-class woman with real muscles and a real work ethic.
"You've got a deal," he told Hammond, then reached into his coat pocket and 
drew out a handful of cigars.

*****

Fight night started early, at 5:30. Hammond, Tickler and Bowles arrived to 
watch the preliminary bouts, but soon found them boring. Most of the women 
were big and ugly and slow. They wore boxing gloves and headgear, but mostly 
the fights degenerated into wrestling matches. It was surprising how quickly 
some of the fighters called it quits after getting hit. Of course, the docs 
had become spoiled after watching the Foundling, that paragon of punishment.
One fighter did impress them, though. She was compact and muscular, and she 
went about her work like a pro, knocking down much bigger women with savage 
punches, then, in clear violation of the rules, kicking them when they were 
down. She was repeatedly warned; each time, she apologized, then promptly 
forgot the warning.
There was no danger, however, that Stars - for that's who it was, of course 
-would be disqualified. She was a local favorite, and she was clearly a 
superior fighter.
"I think we may be looking at our Foundling's nemesis," said Hammond, as 
they watched Stars knock the teeth protector out of the mouth of an 
especially fat broad, then put her away with a devastating blow to the ample 
belly.
SG, meanwhile, was in a van in the parking lot, handcuffed on the floor. 
Cutler, Distruggio and an orderly were with her, trading office gossip and 
occasionally directing a discouraging word to their captive.
It was a lovely night out. The sky was clear and the stars seemed to hover 
just out of reach, like fireflies. SG looked through the rear window and 
remembered how much she loved to fly on an evening like this. Why had she 
given up her powers? Why was she now so hated and reviled? What had gone 
wrong?
Her reverie was interrupted by a sharp kick from Cutler. "You're on, bitch," 
she said.




(X)

The ring announcer cleared his throat, then spoke into the microphone: "For 
this fight only, there are NO rules." He paused and let that sink in. "No 
rules. Our lovely young challenger may use whatever stratagems she cares to. 
And as for our irrepressible champion, Stars, well, she's been doing pretty 
much whatever she wants to all night." The audience roared its appreciation.
"Now, girls, I won't ask for a good, clean fight, because clean is out of 
the question. Just give it your best, and may the best woman be the last one 
standing."
He stepped out of the ring, the gong sounded, and SG turned to face her 
doom.
Stars, who had opened each of her earlier bouts by rushing forward and 
getting in the first punch -usually the first flurry of punches - was oddly 
relaxed. She sauntered over to SG with exaggerated casualness and turned to 
an especially vocal part of the crowd and pretended to yawn. Then she cocked 
her head, pointed to her jaw and invited SG to punch it.
The crowd got into the spirit. "Go ahead, hit her," yelled one fan. "What's 
wrong, pussy, don't you know how to punch?" yelled a big woman at ringside.
But SG backed away, seemingly confused, and the crowd began to boo.
"Deck her, Stars," someone yelled. "Get this over with."
Stars shrugged and raised her hands in a gesture that said, "What more can I 
do? I've given her every chance."
Then, so quickly that SG had no chance even to brace for it, Stars whirled 
and punched her in the right breast. SG cried out, held her breast and 
retreated. When she reached the ropes, she turned to protect her face and 
belly from Stars' blows.
Stars hit her hard in the kidneys. SG's knees buckled. She was hanging on 
the ropes, facing the crowd. People were screaming, snarling, laughing. What 
were they laughing at, she wondered, just as Stars ripped off her headgear 
and grabbed her by the hair.
Stars spun her around and looked into her frightened blue eyes.
"Okay, Trash Girl, let's see if you've learned how to bleed."
Holding her by the hair, she delivered three quick punches to SG's face.
"Ah, sweet Jesus, you've answered my prayers," Stars cried out as blood 
gushed from SG's nose and already swelling lips and poured down her chin and 
neck.
The sight of blood energized the crowd, and it was like a jolt of adrenaline 
for Stars. She pounded SG mercilessly, and when SG slumped to the floor, 
Stars shifted to her kicking mode. She kicked SG's stomach, she kicked her 
crotch, she kicked her head.
Desperate to escape, SG pulled herself to the ropes and tried to crawl 
beneath them. Stars grabbed her feet, dragged her back, then picked her up 
and raised her high above the canvas.
SG was stretched out above her, one of Stars' hands gripping her throat, the 
other holding her crotch.
"What do I do with her?" Stars yelled to the crowd.
"Slam her," several fans responded.
"Throw her over here," yelled a big drunken lout, who then grabbed his 
crotch and gyrated suggestively.
Stars walked around the ring, holding SG overhead like a championship 
trophy. She was enjoying herself immensely. She was radiant, almost 
beautiful. She was no longer just Stars, she was a Star.
Too bad it would have to end, but at least it would be the end of Trash 
Girl, too.
Stars went to one corner of the ring and laid SG out on her back where the 
ropes met. "Hold her hair, Maxine," she told the big woman at ringside. 
Maxine grabbed SG's hair and gave it a good yank.
"Hold her feet," Stars told another fan. He climbed up and did so, first 
sneaking his hand between SG's thighs, to the delight of the crowd.
With her head hanging over the ropes, SG looked into a sea of merciless 
faces. Everyone was upside down. Then she recognized Stick. Unlike the rest 
of the fans, he sat silently, without expression. Then their eyes met, for 
the briefest of moments. A look of pain spread across his face, then he 
turned away.
SG wanted to call out to him, but a huge blow landed in her stomach and her 
body involuntarily tried to double up. That was impossible. The big woman 
held her tightly by the hair, and someone else was holding her ankles.
With SG stretched helplessly on the ropes, Stars pounded her midsection, 
first with one fist, then another, then with both hands clenched together.
Even for an athlete in as good a shape as Stars, this was hard work. She 
stopped for a breather, the walked around the ring, her hands on her hips, 
gulping air and smiling at the crowd.
God, this was fun.
Then returned to the ropes, picked up SG and slammed her face down onto the 
canvas. "I need your mike," Stars called to the ring announcer. The 
announcer handed her his cordless microphone through the ropes. She placed 
it on the canvas, next to SG's outstretched left arm. Then, planting her 
right foot firmly on SG's elbow, Stars grabbed her wrist and sharply jerked 
it upward, away from the canvas. The crack of the joint could be heard above 
the noise of the crowd, and SG, who had seemed beaten into unconsciousness, 
revived with a cry of anguish.
Stars picked up the mike and said breathlessly, "Now that's gotta hurt." 
There was scattered laughter, but the crowd seemed subdued. Even the most 
sadistic fans seemed shaken.
"How about the other arm?" Stars called out to the crowd. There were a few 
shouts of encouragement, but it was clear that most fans had seen enough.
Stars felt hurt - and angry. Her moment of triumph was being spoiled. The 
crowd that had so recently cheered her had suddenly transferred its sympathy 
to this pitiful tramp.
Because of beauty. Because Trash Girl was pretty, and she was not.
Volcanic rage welled up within her.
"Okay," she shouted into the mike, "forget the arm. Let's work on that 
pretty face."
She dragged SG back to the corner, stood her up, threw her arms over the 
ropes and told Maxine to hold her elbows so she wouldn't sink back down to 
the canvas. Then Stars went to work with newfound strength and savagery.
SG's head bounced back and forth as the punches battered her face. Gobs of 
blood and an occasional tooth fell to the canvas.
After 30 punches, Stars stopped.
SG's head had fallen forward, her chin on her bloody chest. Stars spun her 
around,  then grabbed her hair and raised her head.
There were gasps of horror.
One eye was swollen shut. The other eyeball had partly emerged from its 
socket and stared up at the ceiling. SG's nose was a shapeless, bloody lump. 
Her jaw hung open, and her front teeth were missing from the bloody hole 
that had been her mouth.
"You want pretty?" Stars screamed. "Here's pretty."
Then she grabbed SG's collar, dragged her to the middle of the ring and 
dropped her lifeless body to the canvas.
It was all over.

*****

The coroner, a paid adviser to the Center's pathology department, certified 
that the young woman, name unknown, died tragically in an athletic contest. 
No one was to blame. Judge Vinson, a member of the center's board of 
directors, accepted the coroner's report, and the case was closed.
SG's body was returned to the Medical Center. The kidneys and liver, too 
badly damaged for transplant purposes, were removed, neatly packaged and 
sent via a refrigerated truck to Mr. Cochon. In return, he made a generous, 
tax-deductible $2,000 contribution to the Medical Center Foundation.
SG's breasts and buttocks were sliced and sent to a local deli owned by 
Hammond's nephew.
Her arms and legs went to the county animal shelter, as dog food.
SG's disfigured head was deposited in a large jar of formaldehyde and ended 
up on a shelf in a closet just off Dr. Cutler's office. From time to time, 
she showed it to special visitors. Sometimes she enjoyed looking at it all 
by herself.
Stars insisted on SG's heart and pussy, which she brought back to the 
apartment, chopped up and made into a savory stew. Stick, unaware of the key 
ingredients, pronounced it the best meat he'd ever tasted.
And the part of her that actually remained immortal? It descended to Hades 
to suffer continued torment at the shadowy hands of those who had preceded 
her: Jerome, Khalid, Jake and the scores of villains she had dispatched 
before surrendering her super powers.
Sometimes, on a clear, cool night on the deck of the cabin overlooking the 
valley near Big Pine Park, you can hear her screams. They sound like the 
wind.
Thus do the gods reward those who defy them.


THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Torrent


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





