BDSM Library - The First Day




The First Day
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alright, this is almost a true story about the early stages of the relationship i had with my cat until the day she died, the events involving only myself and she did occur almost exactly as written, and all i'll say on it is that my parents were totally uninvolved, but the rest is absolutely true.
The First Day

I got her for my ninth birthday.  She never really had a name to me, I know my
parents told me some name or another that they had given her, but that name held
no meaning for her, and after a few minutes, for me as well.  My parents, the
assholes.  I'd have been an abortee if we'd been in an area that wasn't so
heavily pro-life, and they reminded me of it constantly.  Bringing her to me was
the only good thing they ever did for me, I'd say that they gave her to me, but
I know that they simply let her walk in from the front porch, they didn't notice
her until after she had climbed into my arms, I had seen her laying there
through the window, I looking out, and she looking in, they tried to tell me
that I couldn't keep her, coming up with all sorts of excuses, all of which I
had an answer for.

"It might have diseases."

"Since when have you cared when I was sick."

"We can't have it running around the house."

"I'll keep her with me."

"Having a litterbox stink up the house is unacceptable."

"It'll be in my room," I really meant that one, and I really did have her
litterbox in my room for the whole 11 years we were together.

"We aren't going to pay to feed another worthless mouth."

At first I couldn't find anything to say, how could I respond to that? I looked
down at her, curled up in my lap.  She nuzzled her face into the crook of my
arm, and I had my answer.

"Then I'll eat less," I said defiantly, looking my parents straight in the eyes,
and meaning every word, "I'll give her half of my food at meals."  At this point
they realized in what, for them, was a rare flash of intelligence, that trying
to separate me from this cat would be as futile as trying to attack a coming
winter, or trying to mount an assault on a changing tide.  She was a very small
black tabby, probably the runt of her litter, and while many people see black
cats as bad luck, I never really understood how that worked, and so didn't feel
nervous about her in the slightest.  Throughout my entire life, until only a
month or so ago, the only compassion, caring, or comfort I had received had come
from her.  I've seen how various pets look at people usually, and I know that
she was unique.  Dogs always have this look of blind adoration, like a willing
slave.  Cats generally look bored, only rarely appearing to have any interest in
the people they live with.  Her face never held either of these expressions. 
When we looked into each other's eyes, I felt from her a sense of overwhelming
love, like I'd imagined I would have seen in my mother's eyes, had my mother
ever cared about me.  The very first night we were together, we simply lay there
in what passed for my bed, and held our faces close together, learning each
other by sight, by smell, and by feel.  Neither of us slept that first night,
and for a reason which I have never been able to discover, at one point when I
opened my mouth to breathe, she leaned her head towards me and licked the tip of
my tongue.  I didn't really understand what she had just done, but it had felt
good, so this time I leaned towards her, and licked her tongue.  We soon reached
the point where we had pressed our faces together, and were engaged in what I
was later to realize was our first deep kiss.

Over the course of the next week, during the days she came to school with me,
hiding in the back of my shirt.  Thankfully, the teacher didn't mind because,
unlike other "pets" that had been brought in, and proceeded to run amok, she
stayed with me, constantly rubbing against me.  Nights she continued her
exploration of my body, and it was nearly sunset exactly one week after my
birthday, that she found my love hole.  Looking back, I think she must have been
through some kind of birth trauma, and wanted to "go back to the womb," but I
don't mind.  Whatever her reason for beginning to push at my virginal cunt that
night, she started us on our road together.  She rather soon had managed to
deflower me, and was then licking away the slowly leaking blood.  All I knew,
unable to see what she was doing, was that it felt good, and that since she, the
only one who had ever cared about me, was doing it, it felt right!  She pushed
her face at my pussy, licking and nibbling all over, while I was keeping my hips
and legs rock still, so as not to risk hurting her, my upper body was starting
to twitch out of control from the pleasure.  For a few minutes this ecstasy kept
building, and then she gave me my first orgasm.  I was totally unprepared for
it, as was she, I believe, since she then walked across my body up to my face,
glaring into my eyes with my juices dripping from her head.  I leaned upward and
kissed her and, since I had seen her clean herself with her tongue, tried to
apologize by starting to lick her face clean.  She seemed to understand, the
temporary look of anger in her eyes once more gone, replaced by the now familiar
expression of caring.  Since she had given me so much pleasure, I found myself
wanting to return the favor, and tried to tell her this by rubbing one of my
fingers between her hind legs as I finished cleaning off her face.  I was once
more amazed at how easily she and I understood each other, when she turned
around to place her own slit directly above my mouth, and lay down on my chest
and began to softly bite one of my nipples.  I lifted my head slightly, and
rubbed my tongue around her pussy.  After a few moments, I built up my courage
enough to thrust at her hole with my tongue, I was at first afraid that I had
hurt her because of the little bit of blood that came out, but the fact that she
didn't move away soon convinced me that all was well.  I licked up the blood, to
keep it from making a mess, and then continued tasting her vagina.  I thrust my
tongue into her, my lips closed around her love triangle, and I probed inside of
her, moving my tongue back and forth, occasionally pulling back a bit to thrust
in and out of her, trying to give her as much pleasure as she had given me.  It
was right after I had thrust forward again, about 5 minutes later, that she came
all over my face, and I liked it.  It seemed like I was feeling her love rain
down onto me, into my mouth, I did what felt natural, I brought my face back to
her leaking hole, and drank all that she had released.  Then she turned back
around, bringing us face to face once more, and cleaned herself off of my face,
as I had my juices off of hers.  After this, we kissed again for a few minutes,
and then I could tell that she was ready to sleep, and so was I.  Since I knew
she was tired, I was baffled at first as to why she was walking back towards my
cunt.  She stuck her front paws just a little ways inside of me, and went to
sleep.  I had no objections, while it was a little uncomfortable at first, I
soon found I enjoyed it, and there was no risk that I'd injure her by rolling
over, on one's back was the only way to sleep on that thing that wasn't painful,
and besides, there are always a few bits to work out when two creatures set up
housekeeping together.  It became our nightly ritual, we'd go to bed, have sex,
and she'd crawl partway into my pussy, a little farther each night, and we'd
both go to sleep.  I realized what she was doing soon enough, but I didn't mind,
in fact, I liked the idea.  By the time a month had passed, she had loosened me
to the point where she could crawl all the way into me, turn around, and push
her head back out with only minimal difficulty.  This wasn't all that extensive
a stretch, she was always a very small cat, and I felt happy that she wanted so
much to be close to me that she slept inside of my cunt.  We would have many
years together, she and I, that I was able to keep living only because of her
support, but that night, the future didn't matter.  All I knew was that this cat
had opened up for me a whole world whose existence I had previously never known,
had shown me a new life.  And there was evening, and there was morning, The
First Day.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kite Mangarus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





