BDSM Library - Maya




Maya
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It is about the transforming of a virgin king and the torture of the woman he chose to have.
MAYA


	Standing looking into the mists of the early morning hour, Maya looked at
the highest mountain peak she had ever seen. She was to climb to the top of it
and give her life willingly to the Gods for the benefit of her people. She was
in a party of fifteen guards, six priests, and the King of the people. She was
the only female in the group, and none of the men would look at her. She was
very beautiful, with long red hair, green eyes, and very pale skin. She looked
like a perfect gift to the Gods on the mountain. Her body although not perfect
and scarred in certain areas did matter; her beauty outweighed the damage done
to her.

	The King would pretend not to look at her, but he could not help himself,
she truly was very beautiful. Very unusual looking, and that fascinated him to
no end. In the village he watched her work and toil over corn, he liked the way
she presented herself to people, head up and always looking them in the eyes.
This made her seem like she could see directly into the souls of those she
looked at. She had been chosen to die and only he could save her, but she was
unwilling to be his, so he condemned her to die. The King knew he would give her
one more chance before he would forcibly take her and torture her until she was
his.

	He also knew that she comes form a race of people who would rather die than
to be forced into slavery, it made them great sacrifices to their Gods. His
people have almost pushed her people to extinction, but they did not care they
still fought against him. He was going to make an example of her even if it
meant killing her.

	The King ordered that she would not be sacrificed and chose another to take
her place, this one would be tortured for his pleasure. Maya tilted her head up
in defiance of him, and he slapped her face hard leaving a red imprint on it.
She would be his pet to play with; he had the feeling he would have his hands
full with her. This was good he loved a challenge and he loved contrasts. She
was both of these. None of the women of his people looked like her and she
really touched a part of him that no one else had. He was unmarried and had
never touched a woman in his life, but she was different, she turned him on in
ways he did not know how to handle.

	The guards escorted her back to the prison she was being held in and the
king ordered her to be cleaned and bathed, he wanted her dressed in the finest
garments they had and her hair taken care of. He also ordered that her armpits
remain unshaven, for he really liked looking at them. He loved to touch the soft
blonde hair that grew there.  He returned to his palace and bathed in
preparation of the torture he was about to give his prize. She would be his toy
to play with, maybe even when he was finished with her he would give her to his
men to play with, then have her killed. He had not decided yet.

	In his palace, the king lowered himself into his tub to bath, thinking of
how her body would look with marks on it and his brand. She must be marked for
him, he decided but where and how. He knew the priests would place the mark of
the Gods on her, but he wanted something different like her.

	In three hours the woman called Maya was brought to his private rooms, she
looked like an angel, when he saw her. She was dressed in white silk, and she
wore a gold slave band on her left arm. Her hair was worn down and she had been
instructed several times not to look at him in the face. But the King wanted to
see her eyes and ordered her to look at him. When he saw those eyes, he saw open
contempt for him in them. He wanted those eyes to shine with something other
than that for him, he knew this and was going to make sure the next time she
looked at him it would be with love.

	He ordered that she remove her clothing, and at first she did not do
anything but stand there staring angrily at him, but then he ordered one of his
servants to strip her, she complied. As she removed her clothing, the King saw
that she was not perfect in her body, but she was beautiful none the less. It
was her eyes that captured his interest.  He watched them change color in front
of him, as he was checking out the rest of her body, he noticed that her
breasts, were the size of medium apples, and that her waist was narrow and her
hips were a bit larger than normal, not unpleasing. Her ass he discovered was
heart shaped, and she had red hair on her pussy that matched her hair on her
head. He reached out to touch her and found she was very soft. He ran his
fingers down her face, looking into her eyes, and down her neck feeling the
softness of her skin. He began to trace the lines of her body with his fingers,
as he ordered his servants to leave. He was amazed she stood there and allowed
him to touch her like this. He removed his clothing, and led her to his bed; he
pulled her to him feeling the stiffness of her body against his. He decided that
this night he would just hold on to her. He wanted to feel if she would be good
against his skin, and he discovered as he drifted off to sleep that she indeed
felt right against him. She began to relax, and he in his sleep began to caress
her body. This is how he slept all night, with her in his arms, feeling the
movement of her body against his, feeling his erect cock growing harder and
harder. The King decided that she was to remain in his private chambers and the
servants decided to make a sleeping area just for her, he ordered that she be
taken well care of and that there be no more marks put on her body. When he left
her, he still had not had sex with her. He wanted to wait and break her first,
but his own needs were getting stronger and stronger. She would become his
greatest weakness.

	When he returned to her later, he was surprised to see her lying in his bed,
and naked. He looked at her as she left the bed and knelt before him, she was
right at the level of his cock, and he could see it waving in her beautiful
face. At that moment she took him into her mouth, he let out a gasp. He had
never felt this before and was stunned to find it felt very good to him, he
leaned against the wall as she continued to take him in further to her throat.
He could feel her tongue running the length of his cock and her soft lips
sucking gently on him. He could also feel his cock in her throat and at times he
could feel her choke on it. It was an amazing feeling. She took his balls into
her soft hands and began to gently stroke them adding to his pleasure. He cried
out with pleasure as he shot his hot and steaming load into her throat, she
swallowed every bit of his come he shot into her mouth. He was smiling broadly
as he watched her struggle not to choke of the volume of come she shot into her
throat. She was being his slave and he could have her anyway he wanted and he
felt himself growing erect again.

	He wanted to take her in ways he had only seen the priests take ceremonial
victims. He wanted to have her soft pussy and her small anus. He wanted to
examine her body further. He pulled her to her feet and pushed her to the bed.
He bent his dark head and began to look at her body.  He saw the freckles
covered her body completely, she looked as if she was from the cat clan that was
south of here, but her pale skin, showed she was from the north. Her eye color
was very unusual; they went form blue to green. That showed signs of being a
witch. Her hair color was another unusual characteristic of hers; no one had
this color hair. He wondered were it came from. He saw the scars on her body and
asked her how she got them.

	"I was part of an experiment in my village, they made my breasts smaller to
make the tribal leader's daughter look better. His daughter was beautiful but
had small breasts compared to mine. So the leader decided to have my breasts
made smaller to make her look better." She replied.

	"Where are you from?" he demanded to know.

	"I am from a tribe that is from the far north almost to the ice cap at the
top of the world, my people left there when the ice overtook our lands. My
father thought that further south would be good for our people, little did they
know your people would kill all of them but me."

	"Those were your people that were sacrificed?' he said in disbelief.
Remembering the huge sacrifices that went on when his parents ruled the land.

	"Yes and I was sent to live with a chief from the south, he adopted me and
made me his daughter. He felt sorry for me and took me in when everyone left me
to die. He is my father, his name is Montezula." She angrily replied.

	He had heard of her adopted father, he was his father's bitter enemy, and
now he had the man's daughter. This was good luck for his family and tribe. He
was going to keep her captive until her father surrendered to him. Then he would
have the pleasure of wiping the whole family off the map. Then he would keep his
daughter for his favorite whore. But first he was going to send word to her
father and let him know he had his daughter, and if he wanted her back he would
have to surrender to him.

	The man that held her captive was called Maiza, he was tall dark and very
handsome. She decided that he was worth obeying at least until she could escape
from him, she did not know what exactly he had in store for her. But she was not
willing to give up her body very willingly to him. She belonged to someone else,
and she did not want to break her word to the man. If he forced her she would be
shamed and her mate may not want her back. She gave him head to keep him happy
until she could figure a way out of the lodging.

	Maiza on the other hand had become quite smitten with her, and was not ready
to let her go until he had his fill of her. Maybe he would give her to the
priests for their pleasure. Then again he might decide to keep her as his
private play toy. She was very intriguing to him. She had the moves of a cat,
the way her body moved in different directions with one fluid movement. He
watched the way she carried herself and the way she presented herself to him.
She was submissive he was sure of it, but how to tap into it and use it against
her.

	He decided to find away to make her obey him without harming her too much.
He figured she was not a virgin, in fact he was sure of it, where was her mate?
How could he use this to his advantage? He was sure she would not surrender
willingly.

	He decided to have her tortured in front of him, maybe she would give up the
secrets of her clan. He ordered his servants to tie her to a chair with her legs
spread apart and to have the carvers and potters make him sexual torture
devices, he drew out what he wanted in the shapes of penises.   The king showed
the priests the designs and they were very impressed with them. There were two
distinct shapes, one was about ten inches long and 2 inches in width, and it was
shaped like a real phallus. The second was smaller, it was about 6 inches and
smaller around, this one was designed with removable spikes. This one was the
one the priests liked the most, maybe they would have one made for their
ceremonies. The craftsmen immediately responded, to the King's orders, and they
had the priests present them to the king to see if this was what he wanted. The
king inspected them and he was very impressed with the design of them.

	This was when a plan formed in Maiza's mind. He was going to have some fun
with her and seek his revenge on his enemy ant the same time. This is what he
told the priests that he wanted to do with her. First he would humiliate her by
having everyone walk by her and call her names, and then he would allow them to
throw spoiled vegetables at her.  By the doing this it would show the contempt
of his people for her and her tribe. Plus it would shame her to be stripped the
naked by the people and to be treated worse than dead. He left her there and
instructed the people to humiliate her for three days and three nights, she was
to be called names, and the spoilt vegetables were to be left on her skin. This
way between the people calling her names, and the rotting, stinking fruit drew
flies and these bit her skin. Leaving red marks that itched all the time and
there was no way she could scratch them. On the third day Maiza had her taken
from the square and rinsed in the temple area with very cold water. This would
cause her to shiver and he could watch her nipples harden from the cold water.
This excited him very much, causing him to think of ways to torture those small
but beautiful breasts. When the priests were finished rinsing her, the were
instructed to then drag her by her hair into Maiza's private lodge and suspend
her from rafters in the ceiling by her delicate wrists. He began to plot his
revenge as he watched the helpless woman being pelted by the rotten vegetables
the people had been ordered to throw at her. They called her a witch, a whore, a
demon. They demanded she be put to death or severely punished. The king only
wanted her punished. That is when it happened, someone in the crowd picked up a
small stone and threw it at the woman and hit her in the head. The king's guards
immediately grabbed the person and beheaded them on the spot, leaving the dead
rotting corpse to lay there as a lesson to the people not to disobey the king
anymore. They had been told not to actually harm her just throw the vegetables
and to call her names. That was the order from the king. The king seeing the
woman was injured ordered the guards to break up the crowd.

	The King ordered that she be brought in side immediately. When the guards
brought her inside he saw that she had been knocked out. The wound on her head
was not deep and she should be coming around very soon. He wiped the blood from
her face as her eyes began to open, he looked into them to make sure they were
clear, and had no trauma to them. He saw that they were a beautiful green, and
full of fear. The last thing she remembered was the stone hitting her in the
head and then everything went black. She could not understand why he treated her
like this after she had been so compliant with him. The king ordered that she be
bound by her wrists in his room.  Maiza smiled, knowing that in a few minutes
she was going to be screaming his name and begging for him to fuck her body. The
guards dragged the helpless woman into his room and tied golden chains around
her wrists and pulled her up by golden chains connected to a pulley in the
ceiling of the lodge.  While she was hanging by her wrists servants came into
the room. Her body was scrubbed clean and perfumed. Her hair was brushed and
braided into one single braid in the back. Her legs were tied apart exposing her
anus and her sex.  He stood back and looked her over, smiling; she looked
beautiful hanging there. She was blindfolded, and gagged, she literally looked
like a living statue.  He reached out and touched her body feeling the goose
bumps that formed on her cold skin. Again he smiled, tracing her curves with his
fingers.  He touched her underarms, the servants left them unshaven as ordered
by Maiza, he liked them this way but if he got bored he would have them shaved.
He touched her pussy feeling the soft downy hair that grew there. He decided
that this was going to go because he was bored and wanted to feel her without
the hair there. So going over to his stand he picked up a very sharp stone
knife, as he approached her he smiled knowing that she had no idea what was
about to happen to her, and began to shave the hair from her pussy.

	She could feel the cold hard stone knife against her skin; it sent shivers
up her spine. There was no way she could protest, she had been gagged, she could
not see who was doing it, and she was blindfolded. She only prayed that the
person doing the shaving would not cut her skin. The King smiled and let the
blade slip alittle causing her to draw in her breath as she felt the knife slice
her skin. Tears began to flow down her face, and the king leaned over and began
to lap the blood from her skin. Then he reached up and removed the gag and
kissed her soft mouth making her taste her own blood mixed with his saliva.
Tears were still streaming down her face as he continued shaving her. But this
time he was careful not to cut her, she was still bleeding alittle and he took
his finger and touched the blood, smearing it on her lips, and into her mouth. 
He smiled, she was shamed by having to taste her own blood, and she was helpless
to stop him from doing anything he wanted to her.   The man wanted her to
suffer, maybe he would skin her alive if she disobeyed him one time, and send
her dead body back to her mate. But the idea of torturing her was more than he
could stand, it excited him like nothing else had so instead he decided that she
would be his to torture and play with when he wanted.

	He must find and kill her mate, he must never be allowed to see her again,
and that meant everyone in her family. No traces of her past must remain. He
returned to his torture of her, he picked up a crude shaped penis and rammed it
into her pussy feeling her shudder from the pain of being entered forcibly. She
cried out as he continued to invade her body, not caring how much he hurt her,
he was going to tame her and make her his and his alone. She would forget her
other life, he would make sure of it. When he was finished with her she would
only know him and no one else. And this was the way he wanted it with her. When
he was bored with stretching her pussy with his new toy then went over to the
worktable and picked out several new things to play with.

	He picked up a whip and began hitting her breasts leaving marks on her pale
skin. He took a pair of crude looking clamps and fastened them to her nipples
making them pull down, causing her to scream. He smiled and thought to himself,
before I am done with her she will wish she were dead. He returned to hitting
her breasts and leaving marks on her. The whip marks cut deeper into her flesh,
as he hit her harder. His cock was getting harder than it ever had before. He
looked at her body, knowing he could fuck her anyway he wanted. So he lowered
her just enough to enter her anus, roughly. She cried out and he moved harder
against her feeling himself plunge deeper in to her bowels feeling her muscles
tear, as he plundered her. He moved his cock in and out of her slowly to make
the pain last longer. He could feel her body shudder and jerk, from the
confusion and the pain, he was causing her.

	He continued to fuck her roughly, as she tried to move away from him. He
knew there was no way she could escape him. He could feel himself building as he
felt her body go rigid, it made him feel as if she was clamping his cock trying
to pull it off. He pushed harder and leaned over and bit her hard on the back of
the neck, as he came harder than he ever had. When he was finished he lowered
her down enough to be able to put his cock into her mouth. He ordered her to
suck it clean, if she did not he would beat her again. He moaned as he felt her
soft lips touching his hardening cock again. She could taste her own scent on
his cock, it nearly made her choke at first, but knowing he would torture her
again if she did not do as she was told, she continued to suck him. She could
feel his growing hard and she could feel him wanting to hurt her again. She knew
he was not finished with her yet.

	He withdrew from her mouth and raised her again, to the level he could fuck
her pussy, she hoped he would remove the thing inside of her but he only bent
his dark head and gently licked and kissed her shaved pussy lips, teasing her
clit gently. She cried out in pleasure, when he suddenly bites her clit hard,
causing her to scream in agony. Then he raised up and entered her while the
penis toy was still inside of her, screamed in agony as she felt her insides
being stretched apart with two cocks in her pussy, she never felt this before
and it hurt very badly, but he did not seem to care. He fucked her rapidly, so
that he could get her down before her wrists were damaged permanently. As he
came he felt the toy rubbing against his own cock, it felt very intense.

	He untied her and she collapsed onto the floor, he laughed as he kicked her
in the side softly, and he leaned over and picked her up. He carried her to his
bed and climbed next to her, he leaned over and whispered into her ear, "now you
belong to me, know one will have you again but me. I can do anything I want to
you and there is nothing anyone can do about it, I suggest you remember it."

	She whimpered very softly, not knowing what to do, he had proven that he
could be very brutal to her. She did not like what he did to her, and she was
not sure that he would not kill her if she tried to escape him.

	In the morning the news came to him, that the guards had found her father
and her mate. The king ordered that they be brought before him, when they
appeared, they were shocked to see their daughter, and mate bound naked to the
king's thrown. The King smiled and ordered them to be executed on the spot in
front of her, to make sure she understood what would happen to her.  She cried
out and begged for their lives, he made her watch as their heads were cut off in
front of her. Then a child was brought before the king; this surprised him, when
he realized it was her child. He knew he could use the child against her. It
would be easy, if he killed the child there would be no reason for her to
surrender completely.	

	He ordered that private chambers be made ready for the child, and he allowed
the mother to remain with her. He told the woman that as long as she served his
wishes the child would live, one mistake and the child would die. She agreed and
he unfastened her bindings. She went to the child and held her close to her. The
child was scared and for a moment the King was jealous of he child, for the
child had her love. He decided she would be made to love him, or die. She would
be his forever, his soul mate, his slave, his wife, his greatest weakness.

	So the King made an effort to befriend the child, he would make the mother
watch him while he played with the child, never once harming her. He had the
priests teach her reading, and writing. This way she could be taught as a royal.
The King adopted her, as his own. The female on the other hand was very placid,
he kinda missed having her disobey him, but he knew she only did it for the
child's sake.  He watched the child tell the mother how well the king treated
her and that mom should give him a chance. Then she would see that the King
loved her very much. The mother was very afraid of the King; he could be very
brutal when he wanted. And she knew he wanted her, and he took her when he
wanted. She was not allowed out side of the temple lodge, she never spoke to
anyone but her daughter or the King. She could not help but to begin to fall in
love with him, he was the only person she could talk with. He limited her
contact with everyone including her daughter. He wanted her to be nothing but
his slave, and devoted wife. Motherhood would always be strong with her, he knew
this and was careful not to harm the child. She was the reason the woman did not
fight him anymore.

	The king began to see that he needed to be very gentle with her just one
time to show her if she allowed him to control all of her that she would be well
treated. So when he was strolling in his garden one day he saw her looking at
the flowers that grew there, she looked so beautiful standing there. He
approached her carefully and slowly, not making any noises as he came up behind
her.  So he began to gently kiss her the back of her neck in the garden. He
continued to kiss her soft skin, removing the dress she was wearing and slowly
kissing her shoulders. She moaned with pleasure, as he continued to kiss her
back, working his way down to the top of her bum. He turned her around and began
kissing her stomach and tracing her curves with his wet tongue, he worked his
way to her breasts. He gently teased her nipples; gently sucking them until
blood worked it's way to the surface, causing a dark mark to appear on her skin.
He loved this, he could mark her anywhere he wanted and everyone knew that she
belonged to him.

	He kissed her neck, again leaving his mark on her skin. Then he leaned over
her beautiful face and kissed he soft lips, parting them with his tongue, gently
teasing hers out of her mouth.  He looked into her eyes and for the first time
in his life told her he loved her with all his heart. He went on to tell her he
wanted to marry her now and make her his forever, but the priests said he must
have her willingly first. It was custom, but since he had to force her every
time, this was not possible unless she was made to love him.

	He kisses her again, looking in her eyes noticing how they were beginning to
soften when she looked at him. He thought to himself that at last she would be
totally his. This made him happy, his hands touched her body very gently. Giving
her intense pleasure wherever they roamed. She felt him enter her pussy with his
cock very gently. Slowly, teasingly fucking her building the intensity slowly.
He felt her body begin to shake violently as he felt her beginning to come, he
also felt himself come with such intensity at the same time she did. He heard
her cry out that she loved him, and she wanted him. His heart rejoiced and he
kissed her again and again.

	Later when he went to his room he found her in the bed lying there naked and
waiting for him. This pleases him to end, to see her willingly in his bed. This
meant that she was going to be his after all, and he would get to torture her
whenever he wanted.  He climbed into his bed and as he went to reach for her, he
felt her willingly come to him. He pulled her close to his body feeling her skin
against his. She was soft and curvy while he was tall and lean. He loved to run
his hands on her body; her skin and hair were like touching very soft downy fur. 
He with her by his side drifted off to sleep, having the best dreams of his
life, she was his finally. She was his treasure, and no one would be able to
take her from him. For him the world was nothing without her in his life. That
is how much he loved her, he was willing to do anything for her. But every time
he asked her, the only thing she wanted was his love that is what made her
happiest. This puzzled him for a while but it was all she wanted and he was
happy to give it to her. He was happy that he would be able to do as he wished
with her from this point on.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  wildfire_flame20020


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





