BDSM Library - Voodoo Dreams




Voodoo Dreams
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Bourbon Street stripper runs into big trouble from a bunch of good ol' boys -- and alligators.
Voodoo Dreams  
VOODOO DOLL 
By Torrent 
--- 
(I)
Even by the raucous standards of Bourbon Street, the crowd at the Voodoo Doll 
that Friday night was unusually noisy. New Orleans was full of good ol' boys 
from the Carolinas, Texas and Tennessee, what with the NCAA 
regional basketball finals being played in the Super Dome. And the National 
Assault Weapons Association was having its annual gun orgy at the Convention 
Center. It attracted an especially interesting breed of redneck. 
So the crowd at the nightclub was excited. Most of them had never seen anything 
remotely like the show there -- except on tapes from the raunchiest video 
stores back home. 
The warm-up acts were a cute blonde stripper named Goldie whose specialty was 
tassle-twirling and a dark-haired, exotic looking snake handler named Zanna They had 
done reasonably good jobs, but the boys were clamoring for more -- more tits, more 
ass, more wriggling and more autoerotic stroking of pussies and buttocks. 
The announcer, a midget with a surprisingly deep voice, called for a big round 
of applause as Zanna and her boa left the stage. Then, in a stage whisper, he 
said, "The next act is for the kinky members of our audience. All undercover 
cops and agents for the Christian Coalition are cordially invited to leave." 
He shifted to full voice, "Ladies and gentlemen, assuming we have any of either 
in this crowd, Voodoo Doll proudly presents Beauties and the Bitch." 
With that, the drummer in the trio at the far left of the stage did a roll, and 
into the spotlight stepped a stunning short-haired blonde in a black vinyl 
bikini. She was built like an athlete, with powerful shoulders and arms, a flat 
belly and a nice pair of knockers. A dragon tattoo ran down from her right 
shoulder almost to her elbow, and a rose was tattooed on her left breast, just 
above the nipple, which was barely covered by her vinyl cup. 
She moved slowly and sensually to the rhythmic music of the trio and smiled 
lasciviously at the audience. Then she slipped both hands into her bikini 
panties and rubbed her pussy. 
"It needs a lickin'" she called out. "It needs a lickin' real bad." 
"How 'bout a fuckin' instead," called someone in the audience. 
"That's nice, too," she said. "But it's a lickin' I want tonight, and I know 
just who can give it to me." Then she turned and called out, "Lulu, 
where's my Lulu bitch? Bring me that lickin' bitch." 
The drum rolled again, and a tall, handsome black woman in a hot pink garter 
belt came on stage, holding a silver chain. And at the end of that chain was a 
smaller woman, a girl really, wearing only a leather collar, to which the chain 
was attached, and a thin white cord that bound her wrists together behind her 
back. She was slender, dark-haired and oriental looking. And she had a small, 
lovely mouth with full lips, a mouth that every male at the Voodoo Doll was 
already imagining wrapped around his prick. 
"Oh, Tanya, how kind of you to bring me my bitch," said the blonde. 
"My pleasure, Carla," said the black woman. "And soon she will be your pleasure, 
too, won't you bitch?" 
The girl named Lulu looked down and said, with a heavy Vietnamese accent, "I try 
please you both. I your sex slave and bitch." 
Carla approached her and took the chain from Tanya. Then she moved quickly 
behind Lulu and pulled the chain, jerking her backward. 
"Do you like the feel of my breasts against your back, bitch?" she asked. 
"I like," said Lulu. 
"Then turn around and give my tits a lickin', bitch." 
Lulu turned to face Carla. She was nearly a head shorter, so she had to bend 
only slightly to take Carla's left nipple into her mouth. She rolled her head 
back and forth as she sucked, and she wiggled her ass, which produced cries of 
encouragement from the audience. 
"Suck it, baby," called one big young man in a North Carolina T-shirt. "Then 
come suck this." 
Carla pushed Lulu away, then spun her around so she faced the audience. "This 
Lulu, she'll suck this whole crowd dry if you let her. She is such a little 
slut, but we love her." 
"Now, kneel," commanded Carla. Lulu knelt. Carla bent, pulled her black panties 
down and stepped out of them. "Tanya," she called. Tanya came and stood behind 
her. 
"Hold me, Tanya, while this bitch licks me." 
Carla leaned back against Tanya, then spread her legs. "Lick it, bitch," she 
told the Vietnamese girl. "Lick it slow and nice." 
Lulu gently nuzzled Carla's crotch with her nose and mouth, then began to lick 
her cunt. She closed her eyes as her tongue probed the recesses of the blonde's 
vagina. 
Carla's eyes closed, too, and she began moaning loudly. Her pelvis began to 
gyrate, nearly knocking Lulu off balance. The crowd, which had gotten very 
quiet, began to show its appreciation with hoots and hollers. 
"Oh, God, this is good," cried Carla. "This bitch is making me lose all 
control." 
Indeed, she did seem to be having an orgasm, and when she suddenly pulled Lulu 
away from her crotch, the Vietnamese girl's face was covered with pussy juice. 
"Goddam you, bitch," cried Carla, "you made me cum too soon. Now you must pay." 
There was another drum roll, and Tanya, who had stepped off stage a moment, 
returned carrying a shiny silver rod about two feet long, attached to which was 
a thin leather strap. 
"Oh, Tanya," said Carla theatrically, "you are just so thoughtful. A whip is 
just what we need." 
She slipped the chain attached to Lulu's collar between her bound wrists, then 
pulled it up and through the collar ring again, so that Lulu's wrists were now 
forced up to the middle of her back, only a few inches below the collar. It 
looked painful, and Lulu grimaced. But it was all part of the act, of course. No 
one was actually going to get hurt. 
A stagehand brought out what looked like an exercise bench with a red vinyl 
cushion. Carla forced Lulu face down on the cushion, so that her legs were 
straddling one end of the bench and her bare behind was exposed. 
Carla turned to the audience and asked excitedly, "Shall we punish the bitch? 
Shall we whip her?" 
The crowd roared its approval. This is what they had come to Bourbon Street for, 
it was the kind of act you couldn't get back home at the honky-tonk bars that 
were more truck stop than strip club. 
Carla snapped the whip twice in the air. It made a nice crack. Then she told 
Tanya, "Girl, you better hold this bitch, cuz she's going to go crazy when this 
leather starts caressing her ass." 
With that, she brought the whip down on Lulu's behind with what seemed 
a mighty whack. 
"Oh, oh," cried Lulu, "You hurt me." 
Then Carla struck again, and again and again. Lulu continued to cry out. It was 
all phony, of course, but there were realistic looking welts on the girl's ass. 
Finally, Carla said, "Now for something different." 
She took the silver rod, but instead of using it was a whip, she probed Lulu's 
ass and pussy with the handle. 
"You like?" asked Carla. 
"I like better," said the girl. She was trying to keep up her part, but she 
sounded exhausted. 
"You'll like this best of all," said Carla, as she shoved the handle into the 
girl's vagina. 
Lulu grimaced, then tried to look sexually excited. 
Carla pumped the handle in and out, turning to the audience and asking, "Any of 
you boys want to give it a try? My arm's getting tired." 
A twenty-something kid in baggy shorts and a loose denim shirt suddenly was elevated from the 
front row onto the stage by his buddies. 
"What's your name, honey?" asked Carla. 
The young man blushed and said, "Sam." 
"Okay, Sam," said Carla, "you give it a try, but be gentle, okay?" 
Sam took the rod gingerly and grinned a stupid, embarrassed grin. 
"Go ahead, push it in," cried several in the audience. 
"Shove it up to her fuckin' tonsils," yelled the big guy in the Tarheels 
T-shirt. 
The kid slid the rod in and out with tentative movements, then got more 
confident and began pumping it hard. The girl let out a cry, and Carla stepped 
in quickly and grabbed the whip. 
"Okay, that's fine, Sam. Let's give this horny bastard a big hand." 
There was scattered applause, but the crowd now wanted more excitement. They 
wanted rough stuff. 
The folks who ran Voodoo Doll knew how to give them what they wanted--safely, of 
course. 
Carla pulled Lulu up from the bench and held her tightly by the chain. She 
pushed Lulu to the edge of the stage, so that she was facing the audience, only 
a few feet from the men at the closest tables. 
"Isn't she lovely?" Carla asked. "Wouldn't you just love to fuck her?" 
The crowd yelled its assent. 
"But Lulu's been a bad little bitch, so we have to correct her behavior. Do you 
want to see that?" 
"More whipping?" yelled a boy at a front table. 
"Oh, no, rougher than that," said Carla. 
Tanya appeared again, and Carla turned Lulu so she was facing the black woman. 
The trio began playing an improvisation full of menace and suspense. 
"She's a lyin' bitch, Tanya," shouted Carla. "What do we do to lyin' bitches?" 
"This," yelled Tanya, and she delivered a stage punch to Lulu's midsection, 
accompanied by the drum. Lulu gave out a loud groan and tried to double up. 
"And this," said Tanya, with an uppercut that looked even more fake than the 
first punch. Lulu straightened up, her head snapped back, then fell forward. 
Carla let her go, and she fell, much too gracefully, to the stage floor. 
Everyone knew it was phony, yet it was tremendously arousing. The crowd was 
calling out for more, more beating, more punishment, more rough stuff. 
Carla, who wore black high heel shoes, kicked Lulu in the behind. Tanya, who 
like Lulu was barefoot, placed her right foot on Lulu's upturned face and ground 
it. Or seemed to. The boys nearest the stage could see the girl's nose and mouth 
distorted by the pressure and could hear her moans. 
But it had to be an act. 
The finale was approaching. The announcer, off stage, said, "Okay, boys and 
girls, only at the Voodoo Doll, only at the Voodoo Doll will you see a lovely 
little slut like Lulu snuffed before your very eyes." 
Tanya pulled Lulu upright again, then held her from behind as Carla slapped her 
hard across the face. Unlike the punches, this looked real. Lulu's head snapped 
to the right, and when she turned to face Carla again, her left cheek was red. 
Carla was holding the whip again. She unscrewed the handle and pulled out what 
appeared to be a short sword. She waved its shining blade back and forth in 
front of the audience, then licked the sharp tip and smiled wickedly. 
"Off the gook!" yelled someone in the audience. 
Carla frowned but went on with the act. She placed the tip of the blade against 
Lulu's throat, then drew it gently down her chest, circling first one breast, 
then the other and punctuating each motion by pressing the point into each 
nipple. 
Lulu's eyes were closed now. If she was afraid, she didn't show it. If she was 
supposed to pretend to be afraid, she was beyond pretending. She seemed numb, 
hypnotized. 
With a quick motion, Carla slid the blade down Lulu's belly and between her 
legs. Lulu's eyes fluttered open. She seemed confused. 
"Slice her open," came a cry from the audience. 
The trio was building toward a dissonant crescendo as Carla suddenly grabbed the 
girl by the hair and plunged the blade into her belly. 
Lulu shrieked in pain, and blood, or what appeared to be blood, spurted from 
where the hilt of the sword was pressed against her belly, just below her navel. 

Then Tanya let go Lulu's arms, and Carla withdrew the sword. They stepped back, 
leaving Lulu alone in the spotlight. Her face was distorted with pain. Slowly, 
she sank to her knees. 
She was only a few feet from the edge of the stage, and from the young men who 
now, stunned into silence, watched what appeared to be her death agony. 
She collapsed sideways onto the floor and her body twitched wildly for several 
seconds. Then, nothing. No motion. No sound. 
The tension was too much. "Is she dead?" someone in the audience called out. 
"Sure, asshole, they're going to kill a slut in front of an audience," answered 
a voice from farther back. 
"Who gives a fuck?" said the big guy from Carolina. "Either way, I want a piece 
of her." 
Carla lifted Lulu into her arms. The girl's head dangled limply, seemingly 
lifeless. 
Then Tanya stepped forward to address the audience. 
"All is not lost," she said, dramatically. "Our little Lulu can be saved, if you 
believe in her. Come on, everyone, say you believe. Say you believe she's 
alive." 
There was nervous, confused laughter in the audience. Whatever the joke, they 
didn't get it. 
"Okay," said Tanya with a sly grin. "Forget about believing. How 'bout 
imagining? How many of you guys can imagine fuckin' a dead girl?" 
Several cries of "all right" and "right on." 
"How many imagine Lulu reviving and sucking their dick the way she sucked 
Carla's tits?" 
A bigger and even more enthusiastic response. 
"How many can imagine her fuckin' and suckin' her way through every team in the 
NCAA Regionals, with 50,000 fans at the Super Dome looking on?" 
Lots of cheers and laughs now. 
"Voila!" exclaimed Tanya, who stepped aside and pointed to Lulu and Carla. 
Lulu had, indeed, revived. She jumped from Carla's arms and took a little bow. 
She was blushing with pride and embarrassment. She didn't understand this Tinkerbell act. 
She didn't understand the noisy American audience. But she was well paid and 
shared an apartment with Carla and Tanya. And she was safe. 
"Thank you, sadists and gentlemen," said the announcer as the girls left the 
stage. "This concludes tonight's show. Come back tomorrow to the Voodoo Doll, 
where magic always awaits you." 

*****
The crowd poured out into Bourbon Street, breaking into smaller clusters. One, 
consisting of the big man in the North Carolina T-shirt and two friends, 
wandered down a side street, headed nowhere in particular. The big one, called 
Loopy, was dissatisfied. 
"It was a good show, I admit it," he said, "but I was looking for something more 
realistic." 
"More realistic? You mean like actually beating the shit out of some girl? Like 
actually ripping her guts out?" asked Irv, a fellow Carolinian. 
"They have shows like that here, if you have a lot of money and know the right 
people," said the third member of the group, a short, dark-haired young man named Joe Joe. He was from Louisiana, but not New 
Orleans. He had grown up in Cajun country. He had met Loopy and Irv at a casino 
in Biloxi a few days earlier. They had hit it off well. And after Loopy hit a 
$3,500 slot machine jackpot and was ready to do some serious spending, Joe Joe 
had offered to be their guide in New Orleans. 
They were staying at a cheap motel on Airline Highway. No sense spending your 
money on a room you only sleep at. Put the big money on good food, booze and 
entertainment. 
The street they were on was dark and nearly deserted. There were no night spots 
in this direction. Joe Joe suggested they turn back and walk down Bourbon toward 
Jackson Square. 

(II)

They didn't recognize the young woman approaching them until they were almost 
upon her. It was Lulu, the Vietnamese girl from the Voodoo Doll. She was wearing 
a white halter top and a short tan skirt. 
"Hi ya, honey," said Irv. 
She looked up, startled. 
"Remember us," said Loopy. "We remember you. We was just at the Voodoo Doll and 
we really liked your act. 'Cept it just wasn't realistic enough." 
She tried to pass them. Joe Joe moved in front of her. She turned to step into 
the street, but Irv grabbed her arm and pulled her back onto the curb. The three 
men pushed her up against a brick wall. She was scared and started talking fast, 
mostly in Vietnamese but with an occasional word or phrase in English: "I no 
whore . . . . Call police . . . . You get trouble." 
Then Loopy cut off the conversation by placing his big, meaty hand over her 
face. His hand was so big, and her delicate face so small, that his palm covered 
her mouth and nose while his fingers curled past her hairline. 
She continued to try to speak, but only indecipherable sounds emerged. And when 
she tried to pry his hand loose, Irv slapped her hand away and told her, "Relax, 
bitch. Relax and let him do whatever he fuckin' wants." 
She lowered her hands but left her arms bent, uncertain whether to try to 
protect herself or hope that passivity would save her. She was trembling 
violently. 
"Too bad we can't get into this building and fuck her," Loopy said softly. 
"Maybe we can just bulldoze our way in." 
With that he pulled the girl's head forward, then slammed it back against the 
bricks. The impact produced a surprisingly loud "crack," and a muffled cry from 
Lulu. 
"Bricks are still there," Loopy said, as he again pulled her head forward. "Just 
have to try harder." 
He slammed her head against the wall again, and this time her hands fell to her 
side and her body slumped. She would have fallen to the sidewalk if Loopy hadn't 
had his hand wrapped around her face. 
"I think she's out," said Irv. 
Loopy shifted his grip so that hand was now around her throat. Her lips were 
parted and her eyes nearly closed. Just a little white showed under the lids. He 
slid her head to the right, and they could see her blood on the bricks. 
"This is fine," said Joe Joe impatiently, "but it's not helping us get her 
fucked, is it?" 
Just then, a young couple came around the corner, laughing. They froze when they 
saw the three men and the Vietnamese girl. 
Irv saved the day. "Shit, she's drunk, you're just going to have to carry her," 
he said to Loopy. He looked apologetically at the couple. "I know. Yahoos like 
us shouldn't be on the streets, even in New Orleans, but shit, this is our big 
vacation." 
The couple walked past them quickly. 
Loopy tossed Lulu over his shoulder. "There's an alley over 
there," he said. "It looks dark and cozy." 
He carried her across the street and into the alley. It was dark enough for 
their purposes, though it smelled of piss and beer. 
They found a large wooden box, and Loopy dropped her face down on it. Irv tore 
away her skirt and pulled down her panties. Then he knelt and unzipped his 
pants. 
"Okay if I go first?" he asked. 
"Sure, Irv," said Loopy, "get her lathered up for Joe Joe and me." 
Irv fucked her quickly, then collapsed on top of her. His cheek brushed against 
the back of her head and felt wet. Her head was still bleeding. 
Joe Joe was next, but he shot his wad before he even entered her. Then he danced 
a little dance of frustration, repeating over and over, "Shit, shit, shit, shit, 
shit." 
Loopy consoled him with a clumsy pat on the back, then turned his attention to 
the girl. He stripped away her top, then sat on the box and placed her, facing 
him, on his huge prick. He bounced her up and down on his shaft. Her tits 
jiggled. They looked appetizing, so he let her body bend backward, then leaned 
forward and took her left nipple into his mouth. He sucked on it, caressed it 
with his tongue, then bit down, hard. 
She screamed and tried to sit up. Irv, standing beside them, punched her in the 
side of the face. Loopy grabbed the other tit in his mouth and bit this one even 
harder. When he removed his mouth, her breast was bleeding. 
Finally he came, with a mighty groan. Then he lifted her off his prick and 
tossed her onto the slimy cobblestones like a used rubber. 
They left her, unconscious and bloodied, and headed back to Bourbon Street. The 
night was still young. 

*****
When Lulu came to, she was lying face down in a foul-smelling puddle. She hurt 
but she couldn't tell where. It was as if her whole body had been transformed 
into a receptacle for pain. 
From the street at the end of the alley she could hear laughter. She tried to 
call for help, but her voice failed her. 
Slowly, using a wall for support, she managed to get upright. She was dizzy and 
nauseous, but she forced herself to begin the 20-yard trek to the street. It 
seemed an enormous distance, and twice she fell. 
But she reached the street, just as a young man was walking past the alley. He 
did a double take. Here was a naked girl standing before him, reaching out to 
him. Clearly, she was in some sort of trouble. 
He slipped his hands under her arms as she fell toward him. 
"Hold on, honey," he said. "I've got you. Let me help you lie down, and I'll go 
get help. EMS, the police." 
"No," said the girl in a weak but urgent voice. "No police. No INS. I okay. Just 
go home." 
He wrapped one arm around her shoulders and held her elbow with his other hand. 
"Okay, no police. Now where do you live. It better not be far 'cause you aren't 
going to make it very far." 
She guided him down the street, away from Bourbon and the crowds, then right. 
"Here," she said. "I live here." They had stopped in front of a wooden door in 
an old brick building that was flush with the sidewalk. 
Her knees buckled, and he thought, for an instant, how much he'd like to whip 
out his pecker and force her to give him a blowjob. Her mouth was incredible. 
He banished the thought and knocked at the door. Then he realized that whoever 
answered would assume he was responsible for this young woman being naked and 
bloodied. 
"I can't stay," he said. "You'll be alright. I'm sure you'll be alright, but I 
can't stay." 
He crossed the street almost running. Lulu, on her knees, leaned against the 
door. The wood felt cool to her cheek. 
Then the door opened and she fell forward onto the tile floor of the vestibule. 
It was Carla who had answered the door, and she gasped when she saw Lulu 
sprawled at her feet. 
"Oh, honey, what'd they do to you? Who did this?" 
She lifted Lulu, carried her into the sitting room and laid her on the couch. 
The TV was on, Carla had been watching it, and a man and a woman were discussing 
vampirism. The woman had a beehive hairdo and too much eye makeup. It was a '60s 
horror movie. 
Carla got blankets and covered the girl. Then she brought in wet wash cloths and 
wiped her face and the back of her head. The cloths were quickly covered with 
blood. 
"I've got to get you to a hospital," she told Lulu, but Lulu refused and became 
panicky. She begged to stay where she was. 
Carla sighed. She couldn't tell how badly hurt Lulu was. She didn't know how to 
take care of someone with a head wound. Then the door opened and Tanya came in. 
Carla felt relieved to have someone to share the responsibility of dealing with 
Lulu. 
Tanya looked at the gash in the back of Lulu's head and listened to Lulu's 
disjointed account of what had happened to her. Then she interrupted, "I'm going 
for Madame Tiresias." 

(III)

Madame Tiresias, a wizened crone who lived across the street, was reputed to 
know all about cures, as well as spells and curses. Her parents had come to 
Louisiana from Haiti, and Madame Tiresias had visited the island several times. 
She had nothing but contempt for the faux voodoo of the Marie Laveau wannabes 
that was marketed to the gullible by so many New Age charlatans in the French Quarter. 
Her spells were the real thing. She was a skilled practitioner who took great 
pride in her work. 
She hobbled into the apartment the three women shared, her eyes darting to every 
object in the room, seeming to show no special interest in Lulu, lying on the 
couch. 
Carla offered her a cup of tea or a glass of water. "Tea would be fine, child," 
said Madame T. "Tanya, where are the lizards you once kept as pets." 
"In my bedroom, Madame," said Tanya. "I moved them there to keep me company." 
"Bring them out here," Madame T. commanded. Then, finally showing interest in 
Lulu, she pulled up a cane rocking chair next to the couch. 
"What happened to you, cherie?" 
"She was raped by three men," Carla said. 
"Let the girl talk," said Madame T. "They beat you. Hurt your head. Did you 
scratch any of them? Is any of their flesh under your fingernails?" 
"No," Lulu said softly. "I afraid to fight. They kill me." 
"Yes, they probably would have. And you have no item of clothing from any of 
them?" 
"No." 
"When they raped you, did they ejaculate?" 
Lulu looked puzzled. "Ejaculate?" 
"Yes, did they--never mind. I'm sure they did." Madame T. turned to Carla. "Have 
you bathed or douched her?" 
"No, I was going to, but Tanya came in, and we thought we'd better get help from 
you, pronto." 
"Good. We will need cotton swabs, a teaspoon and a small bowl, and bring your 
lizards in here, Tanya." 
Tanya and Carla exchanged puzzled looks. Then Carla shrugged and went into the 
bathroom to get a box of cotton balls. 
Tanya went to get the terrarium with the anoles, small green lizards that most 
people in New Orleans erroneously called chameleons. 
Madame Tiresias patted Lulu's knee and said, "You will survive, cherie. You will 
get stronger, even as the men who did this to you get sick and grow weaker and weaker. 
It is like a balance, a balance in the spirit world. When a great wrong is done, 
making it right hurts the transgressors and that hurt brings health to the one 
who was wronged. And if the one who was wronged was killed, the hurt to the 
transgressors helps her in the next life, the life most of us can't see but is 
all around." 
Lulu had no idea what this small, dark woman was talking about. Her head hurt, 
she was very tired, so she lay back on the pillow and shut her eyes. She 
shivered under the light blanket. 
Carla came in with the cotton balls and a spoon, and Tanya followed with a glass 
terrarium. The bottom of it was covered with rose colored gravel, and there was 
a branch from a crepe myrtle tree. Two lizards were on the branch, another 
scurried, frightened, back and forth across the gravel. Tanya put the terrarium 
on the coffee table in front of the couch. 
"What are you going to do?" asked Carla. 
"I'm going help our little friend by hurting those who hurt her. We must have 
something from them, something intimate to them, and the only thing from them is 
inside this child's body." 
"You mean, their cum?" Tanya asked, her face wrinkling in an expression of 
disgust. 
"Yes, their semen," said Madame T. "We must scoop it out with the spoon, then 
smear it on the cotton balls. We put it all in the bowl with this" -- at this 
point Madame T. took a small plastic packet full of gray powder from a pocket in 
her capacious skirt -- "and then mix it thoroughly. What do you feed your lizards, 
Tanya?" 
"Meal worms, mostly." 
"Bring them, too. We will cover the worms with the mixture, then feed them to 
the lizards." 
"What will happen to the lizards?" asked Tanya. 
"They will sicken and die," said Madame T. "There is no other way. If you do not 
accept my remedy, you must bring her to Charity Hospital, and maybe the American 
doctors can help her. But it will be an incomplete cure, because there will be 
no justice." 
"Okay, Madame Tiresias," said Tanya. "We'll do as you say. I can always get more 
lizards. They're all over Audubon Park. I even see them in Jackson Square 
sometimes." 
Lulu, who had been listening to this conversation with fading attention, 
suddenly revived. 
"You kill these little animals?" she asked. 
"Yes, I'm afraid we must," said Madame T. 
"No, no. I Buddhist. No kill animals. Wrong. Wrong." 
Tanya stood tall and put her hands on her hips. Her voice was firm. "You ain't 
in Buddhaville anymore, honey. You're in New Orleans, and if you don't kill the 
animals, they'll kill you first. And the baddest of those animals are walking 
around this neighborhood on two legs." 

(IV)

Irv was the first to get sick. He woke up just before noon with a bad headache 
and stomach cramps. He thought it must be a hangover, but they hadn't drunk much 
the night before. What had they done? Oh, yeah. The Voodoo Doll and the quickie 
in the alley with the Vietnamese girl. Lulu. 
Irv went to the bathroom and suddenly felt he was going to throw up. But it was 
just the dry heaves. He glanced in the mirror. He looked like shit. 
He heard a groan from the bedroom. It was Loopy. He sounded as bad as Irv felt. 
Then the motel room door opened and it was Joe Joe, carrying a big bag of 
doughnuts and a cup of coffee. He was about to say something cheerful, then he 
saw Irv's face and stopped. Then he looked at Loopy. 
"Man, you guys look terrible," he said. 
"I feel like I'm fucking dying," Loopy said, pressing the palms of his hands 
against his eyes. "Close the fucking door, the sunlight's killing me." 
Neither Irv nor Loopy could eat. Both said they felt feverish. They stayed in 
the room all day, getting sicker and sicker. Joe Joe went to the drug store and 
returned with aspirin, antacid and a thermometer. 
Irv's temperature was 102. Loopy's was half a degree higher. 
"You got to see a doctor," Joe Joe said. 
"You know a doctor in New Orleans?" Irv asked. 
"No, but I got a friend works at Charity Hospital. He can get you treated at the 
clinic there pretty cheap." 
Joe Joe drove them into town to the hospital and let them out at the emergency 
room entrance. It was four o'clock in the afternoon, and they were getting 
sicker by the minute. Joe Joe wondered why they were sick and he wasn't. They 
had been together for three days, eating the same food, breathing the same 
air--fucking the same women. Well, sort of. He blushed as he remembered his 
failure with the Vietnamese girl. 

*****
Joe Joe's friend at Charity was just an orderly, but he seemed to know all the 
staff -- and all the angles. To Joe Joe's amazement and relief, he helped convince 
the ER doctor to admit Irv and Loopy. It didn't take much convincing. Clearly, 
these two men were very sick. 
Doctors and nurses poked a lot of needles in them and put them on IVs because 
they were dehydrated. The next afternoon, a professor from Tulane Medical School 
came by. He told a couple of residents who accompanied him that these were 
interesting cases. Both men had high fevers, couldn't hold down any food, slept 
poorly and seemed to be suffering identical delusions: that some sort of 
reptiles were eating their insides. 
The blood work turned up no hallucinatory drugs, and neither man seemed to be in 
the advanced stages of alcoholism. Food poisoning also had been ruled out. 
"Strange," said the doctor. "You'd almost think it might be psychosomatic, but 
these hardly seem the sensitive types, do they?" 
Joe Joe's friend, Carlos, who had been listening just outside in the hallway, 
grinned a knowing, wolfish grin. 
Later, he met Joe Joe in the snack bar next to the waiting room and told him 
about the doctor's puzzlement. Then he said, "It's no mystery. They been hit 
with a spell." 
Joe Joe looked up from his coffee. "A spell? What the fuck do you mean, a 
spell?" 
"A spell, you know, black magic. Voodoo. That kind of shit. Tomorrow, I bring my 
uncle to see them," said Carlos. "He grew up here and in Brazil. He traveled all 
over the Caribbean as a seaman. Learned all kinds of magic, good and bad. He'll 
know what's wrong with these boys, and what to do about it." 

*****
Carlos's uncle was a small, wiry man with a nearly bald head and skin that 
looked a couple of sizes too small for his face. He wore a grey turtleneck 
pullover and faded jeans. Around his neck were several leather cords with 
amulets. He could have been 50 years old. Or 80. 
Loopy looked at him with watery eyes, then asked hoarsely, "Who the fuck is the 
hippie?" 
"He's my uncle, Tenebros," said Carlos. 
"And who the fuck are you?" asked Loopy, his suspiciousness overcoming his 
lethargy. 
Joe Joe, who had been waiting by the door, stepped forward and said, "Carlos is 
a friend of mine. He's been trying to help you guys. His uncle is some kind of 
witch doctor -- beg your pardon, sir, I don't mean no disrespect. I mean, he knows 
voodoo and shit like that, and he thinks you and Irv might have a spell on you." 

Irv, who had been silent in the next bed, said in little more than a whisper, "I 
think he's right. I been having real bad dreams with all kinds of supernatural 
shit." 
"Tell me about your dreams," Tenebros said. 
"There's a witch in most of them. And that Vietnamese girl. The one we fucked 
her a few nights ago. Hey, what day is this?" 
"You been here three days," said Joe Joe. "Which means you bastards had to be 
pretty goddamned sick. Nobody stays in a fucking hospital three days anymore, 
unless their old man owns the hospital or they're on the way to being dead." 
"The Vietnamese girl, who is she?" asked Tenebros. 
"Just some whore we met," said Joe Joe. "Well, that's not quite accurate. She 
was a dancer or whatever at the Voodoo Doll in the Quarter." 
"Voodoo Doll?" 
"Yeah, well, the name doesn't mean anything. I mean, it's just a club with 
strippers and kinky stuff, fake violence." 
"Maybe the name doesn't mean anything," said Tenebros. "Or maybe it does. What 
happened between your friends and this Vietnamese?" 
"Well," said Joe Joe, "we all sort of, I guess you could say we got a little 
rough. We..." 
"We pulled her into an alley and raped her," Loopy said wearily. "That's all. 
Just roughed her up a little and fucked her. Funny thing is, I've been having 
the same dreams Irv was talking about, with a witch, and the Vietnamese girl and 
lizards chewing at my innards. Me and Irv compared dreams, and they're just 
about identical." 
The group fell silent. Tenebros stroked his chin and seemed to be deep in 
thought. 
Then he removed an amulet from around his neck and handed it to Loopy. "Wear 
this. It will help." He gave another to Irv. He also reached into his pocket and 
gave each man a small paper packet. "Mix this in juice and drink it. It will 
taste bitter, but it will bring you strength. The amulets will help ward off the 
dreams. It's gris-gris. Soon you will be better." 
"Wow, thanks doc," said Loopy. "You're the first person in this fucking place to 
even suggest we were ever going to leave here in anything but a hearse." 
"But there is more," said Tenebros. "As long as the Vietnamese girl is alive, 
you will be in danger." 
"You're suggesting that we kill her?" asked Irv. "I thought you were some kind 
of doctor." 
"I am, as you put it, some sort of doctor. And I am helping you as a favor to my 
nephew Carlos, and he asked me as a favor to his friend, Joe Joe. You don't have 
to take my advice, or my medicine." 
"Okay, okay," said Irv. "I'm sorry. So we should kill this girl?" 
"Yes, but how you kill her will be important. Think about the dream. Think about 
the symbols. Think what would be the most appropriate means of disposing of 
her." 
Then, turning to Carlos, he said, "Have you met this girl?" 
"No, uncle." 
"Then you must be their eyes and ears. Go to this Voodoo Doll, and see this 
girl. Find out where she lives. Find out if anyone lives with her. And, here, 
wear this ring. It will help you to know if any powerful magic is associated 
with her." 

*****
It didn't take Carlos long to find out where Lulu lived, and with whom. When he 
saw her at the nightclub, he was excited about the project. He could have some 
fun with this girl. 
But when he followed her back to her apartment, he got a powerful feeling of 
unease and his ring finger tingled. It was a warning. 
He would let Joe Joe and these others deal with this girl and her roommates. He 
would not participate until she was safely removed from this street.
 
*****
Loopy and Irv were finally well enough to check out of the hospital. They signed 
a lot of forms saying they would pay a lot of bills they had no intention to 
pay. Then Joe Joe drove them back to the motel, where they tried to figure 
out what to do next. Carlos reported where the girl lived, but said he wouldn't 
help. 
What had Tenebros meant when he said they must think of the appropriate 
way to dispose of this slut? 
It was Joe Joe who suddenly saw the light. 
"I know what he was talking about," he announced. "I know what we need to do. 
It's a fucking brilliant plan, if I do say so myself." 
Loopy looked at him quizzically. "Just so long as it involves giving me another 
chance to fuck her," he said. "I don't care about the rest." 
"Oh, but you will," said Joe Joe, then he told them his brilliant plan. 

(V)

Carla was stoned. Tanya was stoned. And Lulu was the most stoned of all. She 
giggled a lot, and when she didn't giggle she cried. She spoke words Carla and 
Tanya couldn't understand, but they probably wouldn't have understood even if Lulu had 
been speaking English, because Carla and Tanya were very stoned. 
They had smoked a lot of joints and popped a lot of pills that Carla's boyfriend 
Fred had brought them. Fred couldn't stay. Fred had to work. Poor Fred. 
Carla and Tanya wore identical terry cloth bathrobes with big pictures of pink 
and blue cartoon elephants on them. They had bought them at K-Mart together. 
Lulu wore only a thin cotton dress. But she was unaware of  
what she was or wasn't wearing. Everything seemed terribly funny or terribly 
sad. When Carla got up to go to the bathroom and stumbled over the coffee table, 
it was very funny, and even Carla laughed. But then they saw the blood on 
Carla's shin, and Lulu began to cry. Carla cried, too, at first, then she looked 
at Lulu crying, and she began laughing hysterically. Tanya alternated between 
looking real mean and laughing. She seemed to have a hard time getting her eyes 
to focus right. 
Then the front door burst open, and two men rushed in. They seemed very excited. 
They had guns. Lulu laughed. The lamp on the table next to Carla 
exploded. That was strange. Carla got up and tried to jump on the man who was 
nearest her. He was very big. He pushed her off him, then hit her in the jaw and 
she fell down. The other man was shooting his gun, but it made hardly any noise 
at all. It had a big metal tube at the end of its barrel. Lulu thought she had 
seen guns like that in American movies. 
His gun kept shooting, but the sound in the room was not the sound of gunfire 
but the sound of things breaking all around the room; lamps and furniture kept 
exploding or getting holes in them. Tanya tried to run back to the bedrooms, but 
then she fell down. There was blood coming out the back of her left leg. That 
made Lulu said, and she started to cry. 
The big man grabbed Lulu's arm and pulled her up. 
Carla started to get up off the floor, but the big one kicked her in the head 
and she went back down. Lulu began to cry even louder. It was noisy and scary. 
Then the big man put his arm around Lulu's waist and 
pushed her to the doorway. The other man followed, carrying his gun and glancing back and forth. 
It was cool outside in the night air. Lulu took a deep breath. 
"Where the fuck is Joe Joe?" the big man asked. Then a pickup truck came around 
the corner, and the big man opened the door, shoved Lulu inside and climbed in 
beside her. She was between him and the man who was driving. He must be Joe Joe, 
she thought. The other man who had been in the apartment got in the back of the 
truck. 
She wondered where they were going. She didn't feel too good and hoped they 
wouldn't be going far. 

*****
"I cannot fucking believe it," Irv said. He was sitting on one of the twin beds 
in the motel room. "I must have squeezed off ten rounds, and I couldn't hit 
shit. I missed the white girl entirely, and it took four or five shots to hit 
the black bitch, and then only in the leg. I mean it was like they were 
protected by some invisible shield." 
"That's okay," said Loopy. "Don't be hard on yourself. We got what we came for, 
didn't we sweetie?" The last remark was directed to Lulu, who was sprawled on 
the other bed, naked again and somewhat the worse for wear. Loopy had stripped 
and raped her as soon as they got into the room. Then Joe Joe, worried about 
ejaculating too quickly, demanded a nice, slow blowjob. He threatened to stick 
his gun in her pussy and pull the trigger if she didn't do it. He wouldn't have, 
of course -- they had other plans for her -- but she didn't know that. It wasn't the 
most expert blowjob he had ever had, but it was certainly performed by the most 
beautiful mouth. 
Irv had passed up the opportunity for sex. He was too upset with his poor 
shooting. 
Now Lulu lay there exhausted. The drugs were wearing off, and she felt sick and 
scared. These men would kill her; she was sure of it. 
There was a knock at the door. Joe Joe grabbed his gun and hid it under a pillow 
in his lap. Irv went to the door and asked who was there. 
"It's me, you pricks. You were supposed to call me when you picked up the girl." 
They recognized Carlos's voice. 
Irv let him in. Carlos looked around quickly, sized up the situation and said, "I 
see you started without me. How was she?" 
"Not bad," said Joe Joe. "Not the greatest, but not bad." 
Carlos walked over to the bed, grabbed Lulu's arm and pulled her upright. "Come 
with me, slut," he said. He dragged her to the bathroom and shut the door. The 
others looked at one another. Loopy shrugged. "I guess the asshole likes his privacy," 
he said. 
A few seconds later they heard Lulu scream. Loopy tried to open the door. It was 
locked. 
"Open up, Carlos," he said. "I don't want you damaging her." 
The door opened and Carlos brushed back his slick black hair. "Okay," he said. 
"Okay. Have it your way. I was just having a little fun." 
Loopy looked in. Lulu lay on her back on the tile floor. She looked okay at 
first, then he saw the teeth marks on her throat. 
"Oh, Carlos," Loopy muttered. "You are such a weird fucking 
bastard." 

(VI)

It was a hot morning, nearly 85 degrees and not yet 10 o'clock. Irv climbed 
behind the wheel of the pickup, and Joe Joe joined him. Loopy and Carlos got 
into the back, after lifting Lulu on board. Her wrists were bound behind her, 
and her thin cotton dress was so short they could see her pussy as she 
struggled, on her knees, to get as far from them as possible. 
The truck pulled out into the traffic on Airline Highway, headed out of town, 
toward Baton Rouge. In the cab, Irv and Joe Joe found a Cajun music station and 
talked about all the seafood Irv and Loopy had missed out on by being sick. 
In back, Loopy was quiet, squinting in the bright sunlight and thinking his own 
thoughts. Carlos was quiet, too, but his eyes stayed on Lulu. He had a predatory 
look. 
Lulu was frightened but resigned. She knew that no one would bother to help her. 
The motel clerk had looked at them when they passed the office that morning, had 
seen her with her wrists tied, then had looked down again at the book he was 
reading. Her survival was now up to fate, or perhaps the unexpected generosity 
of her captors. 
After about 30 minutes, they turned off Airline Highway and headed southwest on 
a two-lane road. There were drainage ditches on either side of the road, where 
long-legged water birds hunted fish and frogs. 
Lulu had curled up next to the back of the cab, trying to get some protection 
from the sun. But the truck hit a pothole and her head bounced on the metal bed. 
She sat up, dazed and confused. 
"Where we go?" she asked. 
"Not far," drawled Loopy. "Joe Joe says it's a short haul. Then we'll stop for a 
bite." He grinned. 
It took Carlos a few seconds to catch on, then he laughed. Even when he laughed, 
there was something wolfish about him. 
Lulu turned from them and looked out at the swampy landscape. She didn't 
understand these men, didn't understand what more they wanted from her, now that 
they'd had their long night of sex. A wave of panic washed over her, and she 
tried to stand. Maybe she could leap from the truck and run to safety. Maybe 
someone would see her and call the police. 
Loopy reached for her, but Carlos was even quicker. He grabbed her leg, pulled 
her off balance, then slammed her down and punched her hard in the stomach. He 
was about to hit her again when Loopy intervened. 
"Don't mess her up," he said. "I want to see her all fresh for the farm. Fresh 
food is always best." 
Carlos reluctantly restrained himself, settling for a savage kick to her butt. 
She now lay in the middle of the truck bed, the sun beating down on her, her 
dress, soaked with sweat, clinging to her like a second layer of skin. 
A few miles later, the truck slowed as they came to a large sign that 
proclaimed, in fading paint, "Ol' Croc's Alligator Farm." It showed a big pair 
of jaws emerging from a pond with lily pads. 
Just beyond the sign, about forty feet from the road, was a ramshackle 
collection of wooden buildings and, behind them, a chain link fence that 
appeared to enclose a sizable expanse of nothing -- nothing except a few trees 
with Spanish moss, a lot of water and a scattering of fallen logs. 
Irv brought the truck to a halt in the gravel parking lot. Joe Joe leaned over 
and honked the horn. The two men got out and stretched. "I gotta piss so bad I 
can taste it," said Irv. 
"Go ahead," said Joe Joe, "my cousin won't mind." 
While Irv relieved himself on the gravel, Joe Joe bounded onto the porch of the 
main building and opened the screen door. 
"Where you at, Cousin Camille?" he yelled. 
At that moment, a heavyset, unshaven man with bright blue eyes came around the 
corner of the building. "Here I am, cousin. Ready to entertain you and your 
guests. You bring the specialite du jour?" 
Camille and Joe Joe embraced, then Joe Joe introduced Irv and Loopy. Carlos was 
lifting Lulu down from the truck. 
"There she is, cousin," said Joe Joe proudly. "What d'ya think?" 
"I think this is going to be tres interessant," said Camille. He shook Carlos's 
hand perfunctorily, then stepped close to Lulu. He lifted her chin so he could 
look into her eyes. 
"You afraid, cherie?" he asked. 
Lulu said nothing. 
"You should be afraid," he said, and began a silent laugh that shook his whole 
body. The others began laughing, too -- all except Lulu, who looked nervously from 
one man to another, searching for a hint of compassion. 
"How do we do this?" asked Irv. "I mean, where do you keep the gators?" 
"Where do I keep them?" asked Camille. "Why there they are," he said, gesturing 
to the chain link fence. 
Irv approached the fence and looked in. Sure enough, what he had thought were 
logs in the water and sitting on the patches of higher ground were, in fact, 
alligators. But they looked smaller than he had expected, and too lethargic to 
provide much of a show. 
"You're disappointed?" said Camille. 
"Well, I was hoping for something more ferocious looking. You know, bigger and 
hungrier." 
Carlos looked disappointed, too. "They say American alligators aren't very 
dangerous," he said. "Not like the crocodiles of Africa and India." 
"Well, there's some truth to that," said Camille. "Crocodiles get a lot bigger, 
and they fairly regularly pull humans into the water and devour them. Women, 
usually, who have gone to the river get water for cooking or to wash clothes. 
Crocodiles are quite a nuisance, in that regard. But I must tell you -- what was your name? Carlos? I must tell you, Carlos, that 
alligators can be quite dangerous, too. If you don't believe me, perhaps you 
would like to accompany this young lady into the enclosure." 
Carlos laughed nervously and shook his head. 
"I didn't think so," said Camille. "Now, here's what I would like to do. Joe 
Joe, you go inside and get the video camera. It would be nice to have a visual 
memento of this morning's activities. Mr. Loopy, under the porch is a bucket of 
chopped fish. Just follow your nose, and bring it to me. Carlos and Irving, 
bring the girl up on the porch with me." 
The porch ran around the house on three sides. At one point, it extended out to 
the fence, where there was a padlocked gate. On the other side of the gate was a 
wooden platform, at the same level as the porch extension, about four feet above 
the swampy ground. Attached to the platform was a thick wooden beam, and atop 
the beam was a large bell in a metal frame. 
"What you do to me?" cried Lulu. "What this place?" 
"Ah, she speaks," said Camille. "Well, cher, this place is a sort of wildlife 
sanctuary. Here we raise alligators, once an endangered species but now 
flourishing, thanks to enlightened wildlife management and establishments like 
this one." 
The girl had no idea what he was talking about. She scanned the swampy land 
beyond the fence. Large reptiles were sunning themselves. These must be the 
alligators the man kept talking about. She had seen plastic toy replicas of them 
in the gift shops in the Quarter. She didn't like alligators. 
Joe Joe and Loopy joined them on the porch. Camille took what looked like an 
electronic garage door opener from a basket on the porch railing and put it in 
one pocket of his overalls. Then he led the small party out onto the extension. 
He fumbled with a set of keys, then unlocked the padlock and swung open the 
gate. "Come on through, come on through. Careful, young lady. Cousin, why don't 
you release her wrists? She's not going to escape, and what's about to transpire 
will be so much more interesting if she has full freedom of movement." 
Joe Joe pulled out a folding knife, flipped it open and cut her bindings. Her 
face was full of gratitude and confusion as she rubbed her wrists and even 
kissed her hands. She seemed very glad to see them again. 
When everyone was on the platform, Camille waved his hand at the expanse of 
swamp. "There are over a hundred alligators in here. Most of them are young 
adults -- five, six, seven feet long. And a few that are larger. And one that is 
very large." He paused and wiped his brow with a dirty handkerchief. 
"Despite what Carlos suggested, they are dangerous animals. And they can move 
quickly when they are aroused, or hungry. They look like driftwood, but as you 
will see shortly, they can be very animated and agile." 
He turned to Lulu. "Young lady, would you like to ring the bell?" He pointed to 
the short rope attached to the bell. 
She looked at him, then at the others, confused. This was some kind of joke. It 
would be a cruel joke. These big American men only seemed to know cruel jokes. 
"Go ahead," Camille said, gently but firmly. "Go ahead and pull the rope." 
She pulled it tentatively, and the bell produced only a soft "bong." 
"Harder," said Camille. "Ring it harder." 
"Go ahead, bitch," said Loopy. "Ring it hard, or I'll wring your fuckin' neck." 
She rang the bell louder this time, then again, even louder. 
"Thank you, Lulu," said Camille. "Now, gentlemen, observe." 
Alligators were moving toward the platform, dozens of them. They didn't seem in 
a great hurry, but they weren't dawdling, either. They moved slowly and 
deliberately. 
Several were already at the foot of the wooden supports for the platform, their 
heads upturned, jaws slightly open. Waiting. 
Camille took the bucket of fish from Loopy and tossed the head of a mullet in 
the direction of two alligators that had been jostling for position. One snapped 
it out of the air with a movement so sudden that everyone on the platform 
gasped -- except Camille, who began one of his silent laughs. 
Then he tossed two more pieces of fish far out to where three gators were 
climbing out of the water. They pushed and shoved each other. The smallest of 
the bunch proved the quickest, gulping up the fish along with mud and soggy 
grass. 
Joe Joe had started the video camera. He shifted back and forth, from the 
alligators scrambling for fragments of fish to Lulu, who watched the scene below 
with growing apprehension. 
"Okay, I think we're about ready for the main event," said Camille. "Gentlemen, 
go back to the porch." 
They retreated, disappointed not to be closer to what promised to be some 
exciting action. Lulu tried to go with them, but Camille grabbed her arm. He was 
very strong. 
He turned her around, so she was facing the edge of the platform and the gators 
below. 
"What you do? No, no, no, no, no," she screamed. 
"Yes, yes, yes," said Camille softly. Then he gave her a powerful shove and she 
flew past the alligators and landed in a patch of slippery mud at the water's 
edge. 
She slid on her belly, and looked up just in time to see a large pair of jaws 
emerge from the water, just as in the sign by the road. They snapped shut inches 
from her face as she pulled back from the pond. 
But the other gators had now turned around and were only a few feet behind her. 
One lunged at her foot and grabbed it in its jaws. 
Lulu screamed and jerked free. Then she crawled desperately along the water's 
edge, trailing blood. When she had put what seemed a safe distance between her 
and the pursuing gators, she got up and hobbled toward the fence. 
"If she gets to the fence, she can climb out," Irv yelled. 
"No," Camille said quietly, "she won't escape. Watch." 
He pulled the garage door opener out of his pocket just as Lulu reached the 
fence and started climbing. He pressed the button, and 20 feet away Lulu 
screamed and recoiled from the chain links as if a powerful force had seized 
her. 
"It's electrified," said Camille. "To keep out poachers, not to keep the 
alligators in." 
Lulu was writhing on the ground, trying to recover from the shock. A six-foot 
gator was inches from her. She saw it just as it went for her head. Its jaws 
closed on her shoulder, instead, ripping out a hunk of flesh and tearing the 
cotton dress from her body. 
She leaped to her feet, now naked, wounded and alone. Alligators were 
approaching from every direction. She retreated from them until, unaware of this 
new danger, she backed into the fence. An uncontrollable reflex propelled her 
forward, into the mass of hungry reptiles. And, miracle of miracles, she 
stumbled past them before any could sink their teeth into her flesh. 
But there was no safe haven, no escape. It was only a matter of time until the beasts 
wore her down or she slipped and fell into a pair of deadly jaws. 
On the porch, Irv was taking bets. "She's plucky. I say she'll last another 10 
minutes." 
"Not a chance," said Joe Joe. "I've seen these animals go after a man. He was 
bigger and stronger and quicker than this little Vietnamese slut, and he went 
down in less than two minutes." 
"I don't know," said Carlos. "These aren't very big alligators. Already, she's 
been bitten, and she got away. Maybe she will outlast them." 
"I won't bet with you," Camille told Irv, "but as to their size, what you are 
seeing so far are the smaller ones. Soon, the big boys will arrive. In fact, I 
think one already has." 
He was right. Lulu had managed to wade through the shallow water to an island, a 
small patch of higher ground sheltered by an oak tree. Weakened by fatigue and 
loss of blood, she was having difficulty trying to pull herself onto one of the 
lower branches. And now a gator, bigger than any they had seen so far, suddenly 
rose from the water and lunged for her dangling legs. 
It caught her left leg, and she fell with a cry to the soggy ground. The gator, 
which must have been 9 or 10 feet long, held her firmly just above the knee and 
was pulling her toward the water. She kicked it with her other foot, but the 
beast seemed oblivious to the blows. As the gator crawled backward into the 
water, another approached, grabbed her right leg and tried to pull her back onto 
land. 
She lay on her back, being pulled apart by two alligators and staring up into 
the pitiless sky. Her last coherent thought was the absurd notion that someone 
or something might save her. 
Perhaps it wasn't so absurd. Deliverance came an instant later when a giant pair 
of jaws exploded out of the water and closed mightily on her exposed lower 
torso. Even from their safe distance, the men on the porch could hear the crunch 
of bone and tissue as the huge jaws crushed her pelvis. 
"Jesus," said Loopy softly. 
"No, not Jesus," said Camille. "That's Ripper, the biggest gator I've got. 
Fourteen feet from nose to tail. Over a thousand pounds of him." 
The other alligators hadn't given up their grip on Lulu's legs, but it was clear 
that Ripper would take the most of what had been Lulu. He twisted his head back 
and forth. First one leg, then the other was ripped away, the consolation prizes 
for the smaller reptiles who had got to her first. Ripper now dragged her body 
to the water. Another alligator, which had waited patiently in the pond, now saw 
an opportunity and bit off her head. Ripper seemed unperturbed. He had what he 
wanted, and he even seemed to smile as he sank into the water, leaving a layer 
of Lulu's blood and the contents of her torn guts shimmering on the surface. 
Her spirit sped upward, to await rebirth in a gentler time and place. 
The men on the porch were silent for several minutes. Finally, Loopy said, 
"Wow." 
"Yes, wow," said Camille. "Wow says it all. Gentlemen, I appreciate your 
thoughtfulness in feeding my pets, and I will see that each of you get a 
videotape of the proceedings. Now, let's go inside and enjoy a cold beer." 

*****
Irv drove back to the city with Loopy riding shotgun. Joe Joe and Carlos were in 
back. The sky was clouding up, and the air suddenly turned cool. Soon, it would 
rain. 
Irv was quiet at first, listening to the radio and thinking about what they had 
seen that morning. 
"Do you feel bad about what we did?" he finally asked Loopy. 
"Yeah, I kind of think we should have kept her a few more days at the motel and 
fucked a lot more. Now we're going to have to find a new woman." 
"No," said Irv. "I mean, did we do wrong by feeding her to the gators?" 
"Well, we had to do that," answered Loopy. "We couldn't very well let her live. The guy at the hospital said she 
was involved in that spell that made us sick. It was only fair to kill her. And 
it worked. I feel a lot healthier now that she's dead. Better than I've felt in 
a couple of weeks, since that fuckin' spell was put on us. Her getting' snuffed 
by the gators is part of our healing process." 
He fell silent, stretched his legs and scratched his balls. He felt wise and 
philosophical. 
"You know," he added after a while, "I've been thinking. You and I, we've had 
some interesting experiences, things Joe Joe and that creep Carlos wouldn't 
understand. I mean, sure, we all fucked a girl who was fed to alligators, but 
you and me, we've also fucked a girl who was shot out of the sky.  {NOTE: see 
"The Girl Who Fell to Earth"} It, like, expands your mind. You know what I 
mean?" 
"Yeah," said Irv. "I guess so. It's hard to appreciate until you've done it." 
"I'm ready to go back to Carolina and the mountains," Loopy said sleepily. "I've 
had enough of this voodoo shit. And Cajun shit. And Crescent City shit. And 
gator shit." 
"Speaking of which," said Irv, "I wonder where our little Lulu is now?" 
They laughed, and the truck rattled on, headed back to the Big Easy, where the 
harsh judgment of powers greater than they could ever imagine awaited them. 

THE END
~~~~~~




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Torrent


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





