BDSM Library - Arrival




Arrival
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An arrogant sub gets her first lesson in true submission.
Arrival

I was tried and had mild jet lag combined with the brutal fucking and caning I
had received last night in honor of my arrival.  But I was pleased, I felt my
aching cunt gently, still aroused.  There was a knock at the door.  I walked my
blanket clad body over to the door and asked who it was.  "It's Jessica" the
voice said.  I opened the door.  She looked very professional.  Smart white
button down blouse, navy skirt just above the knee, high heels.  I offered her
something to drink, she declined and sat down at the table.  "So, Jess..what can
I do for you?" I asked, curious.  She gave me a strange look just as the phone
rang.  "Answer it" she said.  I walked over and picked it up.  It was him, "Good
Morning, Do everything she says".  Click.  I started to say "wait" but he was
gone.  I looked at Jessica, she was very smug and now had unbuttoned her blouse
to reveal her breast in a tight push up bra.  "Sit down" she ordered.  I sat
facing her.  "What can I do for you?" I asked again, more contrite this time. 
She began playing mindlessly with my hair, "You are to sit there and look at me,
silently while I tell you all about him, what he's like in bed with me, how much
he enjoys my body and I his" She was looking into my eyes intently, and when I
cringed and rolled my eyes she grabbed my face, hard, forcing me to look at her. 
"What do you say slut?" She barked.  "I'm sorry, I will sit and obey" I said my
anger already beginning to rise.  She seemed to be happy, and started at the
beginning, sparing no detail.  She described him to me, how she came to be his
slut..how he beat her..and how he made her cum over and over again.  How his
tongue felt on her cunt, how his hand felt in her cunt.  She told me everything,
taking extra time to go over the things she seemed sure I hadn't done yet with
him.   I wanted to claw her eyes out, but I knew I couldn't, so I begged for her
to stop.  She slapped me for speaking. Then stood up infront of me and pulled up
her skirt.  He cunt was visibly wet.  She grabbed my hair and shoved my face in
her cunt.  "Lick my cunt while I keep going" She said.  She was grinding her
sloppy pussy on my face as she told me about how she would masturbate for him on
command, and how he thought she was an excellent whore.  She suddenly got quiet
but kept fucking my face.  Her hips bucked and almost smothered me with her
shaking cunt.  "Lick it up whore..you slut" Her voice was filled with lust. 
After I had sufficiently licked her cunt clean she stepped away from me. And
there he was.  He must have come in during the festivities, and I missed it.  He
leaned in and kissed me full on the mouth. Then roughly slid his hand under the
blanket and between my legs.  A huge smile spread across his face.  "You are a
good fuckslut" he began sliding his fingers up and down my wet slit.."mmm yes..a
cunt licking whore.." I moaned and he shoved three fingers up my dripping pussy. 
I began squirming in my chair.  " haha..yes you want a cock don't you?..well
I'll give you two bitch" With that he snatched me up by my hair and half dragged
me to the pillar in the middle of the room.  He roughly tied me to the cold
plaster then shoved a vibrator up my ass and cunt.  "yes that fits a cunt like
you" He looked more excited than the night before.  "Whore, come here" He
beckoned, his eyes never leaving me for a moment.  Jessica walked over, now
naked except for the garters and shoes.  She stood in front of me and kissed my
lips tenderly, only to bite me suddenly, making me cry out.  She laughed as she
bit at my bulging breasts, drawing more moans and cries.  He stopped her and
pulled her back to him. I watched helplessly as his hands caressed her stiff
nipples, and his mouth kissed and licked her shoulders.  He began fingering her,
watching my discomfort and doing it even faster.  Jessica was pumping up and
down on his hand, smiling at me.  Then without warning, he grabbed her and took
her behind me.  I could hear the moaning and the begging..the cries of how good
his cock felt and how she wanted taste his cum.  It all made my pussy gush, I
was jealous and horny and pissed off all at once.  I was going to cum hard.  I
wanted to wait, I wanted to wait for permission to cum for him.  But my body was
already shaking as things got quieter behind me.  I came, a cry involuntarily
escaped my mouth.  I shut my eyes as I felt my cum running down my legs and
tears running down my face.  I wasn't sure why I was crying, it felt so good to
cum, and I felt so humiliated. Not to mention I was afraid of what would happen,
having cum without permission.  The emotions were intense.  I opened my eyes and
they were standing in front of me, her head on his shoulder, her hand rubbing
his chest.  She wasn't looking at me, her eyes were directed solely on his cock. 
He was looking at me, I wasn't entirely sure if he was giving me a kind look or
a mocking one.  Either way, he told Jessica to get dressed and go.  I watched as
she put on her clothes in silence and walked out without a word to either of us. 
He walked over to me and began untying me.  "You were excellent..." He said
proudly as the last rope fell off..."until you came without permission
whore.."..he whispered in my ear softly.  I felt a ripple of fear run up my
spine.  He slapped me hard in the face and the punishment began.

I fell to the floor from the power of his slap.  I was sobbing already.  "Please
don't.." I begged.  He told me to stand.  I did and he slapped me again.  This
time I stumbled but didn't fall.  "Please..please..I'm sorry..I am..I couldn't
he.." SLAP!  I was again on the floor.  He sat down and told me to crawel to
him.  I did as I was told, my mind frantically trying to find a way out of
whatever was comming.  I sat at his feet my eyes lowered.  It felt like forever. 
"Turn around" he ordered.  I turned around and sat my back to him.  He grabbed
my arms and tied them painfully behind me.  I moaned.  He pushed me face
down..so my ass was in the air.  His hands began gently rubbing the welts from
last night.  "Please don't cane me again..please I'll do anything..I can't take
another welt" I pleaded, crying.  I didn't think I could stand another caning so
close to the first one.  He pinched one of the welts, making yell out in pain. 
He stopped touching me and I heard him get up.  He came around to the front of
me...he pulled me up by my hair.  Once I was standing, I suddenly had to pee
very badly.  I began squrimming.  "Stay still whore" He said.  I tried but I had
to go, my legs kept squeezing together involuntarily.  "Spread your legs cunt"
He had caught on.  "No..I can't..." I began to mumble weakly.  His hand caught
my neck and squeezed hard.  I spread my legs and hoped my bladder would hold on. 
He spit in my face, making me cringe.  "Do you have to use the bathroom?" He
said mockingly.  "Yes" I replied, my voice barely audible.  "What?Cunt!" His
face inches from mine.  "YES" I said louder.  "Yes I have to pee, please..."  
"So, go slut...piss yourself" He was smiling.  "But ...here ..I can't...I
won't..." I was getting desparate.  "YOU WON'T??" He was indignant.  He
tightened his hold on my neck...making it hard to breathe.  "PISS NOW CUNT" He
ordered.  I couldn't cry, I could barely breathe.  I felt the stream of hot piss
running down my legs.  He was watching amused.  "Good girl...how does it feel to
piss yourself pig?" He asked.  I shook my head, not wanting to answer.  "I asked
you a question" He was calm now that I had humiliated myself even more.  "It
feels good" I answered embarrassed.   When I was finished he let go of my neck
and produced nipples clamps.  He roughly clamped my tender nipples, again making
me cry.  "Kneel whore" he said.  I was going to step out of my piss and he
stopped me.  "NO...kneel in the mess you just made, it's fitting for you" He
smiled.  I was reluctant..he watched intently, taking in his newest conquest. 
His cock was hard, and I wanted it.  But I knew not to speak.  I looked down at
myself..clamped, kneeling in my own piss.  I was a whore.  I was kneeling there
just wanting him to stuff his cock in my mouth.  And as if he was reading my
mind he walked up and let his cock touch my face, teasing me with, rubbing it on
my eyes and cheeks..over my lips and chin.  My breathing was getting heavy and I
was about to beg for it.  Then he slapped me again and laughed.  "You are a good
slut...would you like to taste my cum?" He was teasing me and it was making me
mad.  "NO" I answered difiantly.  He raised his eyebrows at my bitchiness. 
"No?" he was almost laughing.  "No" I said again, this time weaker.  He knew I
wanted it, but was feeling degraded and trying to save what little face I had
left.  "All right then" he was smiling, it made me very nervous.  He walked away
briefly.  When he returned he had a whip in his hand.  "No..I'm sorry..god..I do
want to taste your cum...please don't whip me..please.." I wasn't cocky anymore. 
"Too late bitch..You need to learn a couple things ...first..you never cum
without my permission..NEVER....and second..You live to eat my cum
whore...anywhere, anytime, the answer to "do you want my cum" is fucking
"YES..PLEASE"....this whip will help you remember these things..don't
worry..I'll be whipping your breasts..not your sore ass"  I could hear in his
voice how much he was going to enjoy this.  "Stand up and walk back to the
pillar" He ordered.  I got up and walked slowly over.  I couldn't get out of
this, I knew it and suddenly I was even more aroused than before.  He retied me
and took off the clamps. The blood rushed back to my nipples, burning and
hurting.  He played with them..rolling the nipples between his
fingers..intensifing the pain.  I began shaking, I was scared.  "Are you
afraid?" He asked "yes" I answered He leaned in and kissed me.."Good" smiling he
stood back and cracked the whip a couple times.  "God please don't..." I gasped,
my last pathetic attempt at saving my milk white breasts from the red angry
welts that would soon cover them.  I was ignored.  The first lash began to raise
into a welt and I screamed.  By the fourth one I was barely able to stand, if it
hadn't been for the ropes holding me to the pillar I would've been on the floor. 
He stopped at six.  I had six burning red lines criss crossing my once perfect
breasts.  I looked down at them in despair.  I wasn't crying anymore, but my
face was wet with sweat and tears.  He came over to me and gently petted my
hair, calming me down.  "Can you tell me why you were whipped slut?" his voice
was soft.  "I ..I..came without your permission, and I said "no" to you...I'm so
sorry" I was again in tears.  "Yes, as you should be, now I will ask you
again..would you like to taste my cum?" He kissed my forehead and looked into my
eyes.  "Yes..I would love to..please let me" I meant it too..I wanted his cum in
my mouth..I wanted to swallow him into me.

He untied me and I dropped to my knees and gratefully took his hard cock into my
mouth.  "Good girl.."..he smiled and patted my head.  After I was lucky enough
to taste him, I asked him if we could stop for the day.  I was generally
exhausted.  I felt like I had no more to give.  I was as raw as I had ever been. 
He could see this in my eyes and graciously said I could go shower. 

I cringed as the water touched my hyper sensitive skin.  I had never been so
tired, I had to sit.  I lowered myself to the tub.  My side being the only part
of me I could lay on comfortably as I shut my eyes for a few minutes.  I heard a
door and he opened the curtain.  "Are you all right?" Concern clouding his face. 
I smiled at him, "I am just dead tired, I can barely move" He visibly relaxed. 
I stood up letting him in with me.  He was very gentle as he washed me.  He
wrapped his arms around me and rubbed my back.  My lips instinctually began
laying soft kisses on his body.  I appreciated him so much I felt like crying
again.  I felt so safe and content.  Being his felt better than I had ever
dreamed.  I looked at him and he kissed my swollen lips sweetly.  Then the
kissing got a little more urgent, he tasted so good, his tongue was soft and
demanding in my mouth, my body began to respond.  I felt his cock rising against
my skin.  His hands remained on my back as I put one foot on the tub spreading
my cunt to him, wanting him to use it.  He didn't make a move, just kept kissing
me.  I was getting so aroused I was beginning to lose my breath.  He finally
broke the kiss and without a word guided his hard cock into my cunt.  I gasped
and clenched it inside me.  It felt perfect.  He held me by my ass as he fucked
me.  Each dig into the tender flesh producing small moans and cries.  Until he
was fucking furiously into me, grabbing my ass even harder as my orgasm mounted. 
My body shook furiously as I came, every muscle was contracted and the noise I
made, I had never heard myself make before.  It was like an animal, half grunt
and half scream.  He watched my face intently, and when I cried out he came too. 
It felt glorious.  We kissed passionately for a few more minutes.  "I have never
felt so lucky" I said to him.  He smiled, " I feel pretty lucky as well" His
voice was sincere.  My eyes filled with tears, "Oh no..." he smiled "What is
it?"  I smiled back, and laughed a little at myself..."Nothing bad..I just can't
believe I'm finally here..."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather2


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





