BDSM Library - Parker 22: Infidelity




Parker 22: Infidelity
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man uses binoculars to spy on an attractive female in a nearby building.  A chance meeting sets off a chain of events which lead to an unexpected result.

                              PARKER22.TXT -- 1/1

                                   INFIDELITY
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

           WARNING: None needed. There is nothing in this story which
           could possibly be considered offensive by anyone other than
           those who find the very idea of sex offensive.

       Copyright 1994 by Parker (me). Feel free to distribute (unchanged
       of course), but be discrete.
       =================================================================

     This is what happened:

     I was watching as closely as I could.

     Without being too obvious, of course. It's not easy trying to be
inconspicuous while staring out the window through a pair of binoculars at
another apartment just across the courtyard, but I did my best. It was worth
the effort. Or, rather, the woman who had just moved into the apartment across
the courtyard was worth the effort. Well worth it. Tall, with short blonde hair
and a dancer's lithe, athletic body - my first impression was that she moved
like a dancer - she was more than worth the effort. I had first seen her
earlier that afternoon when I'd come home from work at the university library.
She had been carrying some boxes into the elevator. The only thing I really
noticed was her ass, swaying enticingly in a tight pair of jeans before
disappearing behind elevator doors, but it wasn't until I realized that she was
moving into the suite just across the courtyard, and, having nothing better to
do, had picked up the binoculars, that I'd realized just how beautiful she was.

     I'd been watching ever since.

     Watching while she slowly unpacked boxes and shoved books on shelves,
placed pots and pans in cupboards, hung clothes in closets... and so on.
Mundane tasks to be sure, but she made them look...

     Well.

     I really couldn't say exactly how she made them look. Worth watching, at
the very least. And that's just what I'd been doing since I'd gotten home from
work.

     Watching.

     I couldn't really make out the details of her face, but what I could see
looked positively angelic. God... I was getting hard just watching her unpack.
I dropped one hand down to rub my aching cock where it pressed urgently against
the zipper of my jeans, leaving the other hand to steady the binoculars. Maybe
I had time to...

     "Peter."

     Karen.

     Moving quickly, but trying not to seem as if I was moving quickly, I
pulled the binoculars from my eyes, dropped my hand to me side, and attempted
to look innocent. Karen, my wife, walked into the living room. Seeing the
binoculars in my hand, she walked up to me and peered curiously out the window
into the dark courtyard.

     "What are you looking at?"

     "I... uhm..."

     And then, thankfully... mercifully, the blonde woman turned out her living
room light and her apartment went dark. Karen couldn't see what I had been
watching.

     "Just, uh... looking," I said, lamely.

     "Hmmph." Karen looked doubtful, but didn't pursue it. "Well, dinner's
ready." She walked away, brushing a lock of brown hair off her forehead.

     "Great." I followed behind her, discretely placing the binoculars on the
bookshelf. I couldn't help but glance out the window one more time as Karen
disappeared into the hallway. I could have sworn that I saw the blonde woman, a
dark shape silhouetted against the window, but I couldn't be sure.

     It might have been my imagination.

                                     *****

     Her name was Talia.

     I bumped into her the next evening in the laundry room. It seemed kind of
unlikely - there were almost two hundred apartments in our complex - but the
way I had been thinking about her since I had watched her the previous evening,
the meeting had an air of inevitability about it.

     Talia.

     I rolled the name around inside my head, feeling it... touching it...
tasting it... A strange name, to my ears, strange and exotic. But at the same
time, enticing.

     Erotic.

     Just like the woman herself.

     A lot of women look attractive from behind or at a distance, but when they
come closer, or turn around, the illusion is shattered, and they become human.

     Not Talia, though.

     Up close, her body, tall, slim and elegantly curved as it was, faded into
insignificance next to the beauty of her face. She was a walking wet dream,
with a small, elfin face perfectly set off by a halo of short, honey-blonde
hair. And if her green eyes were just a little too large for her face, well,
they gave her an appealing, little-girl look of innocence.

     Talia.

     When I walked into the laundry room, she was standing in front of an open
dryer, searching through her pockets while muttering angrily to herself.

     I screwed up my courage: "Something wrong?" My voice sounded tight and
forced. At least to my ears.

     She looked over and shrugged her shoulders, a slight smile appearing on
her face. "Didn't bring enough tokens," she answered. "Last place I lived you
only needed four." Her voice was low and throaty. Just like I would have
imagined it. Heck, just how I *had* imagined it.

     "Here," I said, trying to keep my voice casual as I walked forward with
the laundry basket under my arm. "I've got a couple extra."

     "Oh no..."

     "Really." I pulled a token out of my pocket and held it up. "It's no
problem."

     She hesitated for a moment and then took the token. It might have been my
imagination, or wishful thinking, but it seemed to me that she deliberately
brushed her long, cool fingers along my the back of my hand after taking it. I
felt my face redden and turned away to hide the growing erection in the tight
pair of shorts I always wore when doing laundry.

     "Thank you," she said from behind me.

     "Ah, don't worry about it." My cock felt like it was going to burst. I
hadn't felt like this in years; not since... well, not since long before I
married Karen.

     As I loaded my own laundry into the machine, I heard her close the lid and
switch the dryer on. I wanted to turn and say something, but my tongue felt
thick and clumsy. And the erection bulging in my shorts would have been almost
impossible to hide. Maybe if I held onto the laundry basket? Still...

     "My name is 'Talia'."

     Talia.

     Gathering my courage, and leaning forward so that my loose tee shirt would
cover the bulge at my crotch, I turned to say something, but she was gone.

     Talia.

                                     *****

     She was in my apartment the next day when I came home from work, talking
to Karen, who had gone home early in the afternoon after a seminar had been
cancelled. My heart skipped a beat as I walked into the living room and saw
them sitting together. I actually felt guilty, although I hadn't done anything.
Karen looked startled and then angry for a moment when I came into the room,
but quickly turned away.

     Talia smiled at me.

     "Peter," Karen said nervously, turning back and getting to her feet, "I...
uh, gather you've met Talia. She's..."

     "I wanted to thank you for your help in the laundry room," Talia
interrupted, still smiling at me as she got to her feet. "It was very noble."
She glanced over at Karen and then looked back at me. "A true gentleman."

     I shrugged, struggling to appear casual. "Don't worry about it."

     "No, really."

     She walked forward and held out her hand. I think Karen said something,
but I didn't hear what it was.

     "Here."

     I opened my hand and she placed two tokens in it. And, just like last
night, her touch lingered just a moment longer than was strictly necessary.
And, again just like the night before, I felt myself growing hard.

     "Two tokens?" I stared down at my palm as she pulled her hand away. "I
only gave you one."

     With her back to Karen, Talia gave me a smile that promised everything.
"Interest," she whispered, slowly licking her lower lip.

     Then she turned back to Karen. "Thanks for the coffee, Karen." Maybe it
was my imagination, but her voice sounded a little haughty - almost
condescending. "Maybe I'll see you later; it's always nice to meet new
neighbours."

     "Uhmm... sure." Karen shrugged her shoulders. She was trying to seem
indifferent, but I could tell she was upset. Had she picked up on something -
the attraction - between Talia and myself?

     With one last glance at me, and another smile, Talia turned and left the
apartment. I took a deep breath and immediately set out to erase any impression
Karen might have received about Talia and myself: giving her lots of
attention... telling her I loved her... that sort of thing.

     Nothing worked, though. She was out of sorts all evening.

     It wasn't until a couple of hours later that it occurred to me that I
hadn't told Talia my apartment number. How had she found me?

     Interest.

                                     *****

     Talia.

     She moaned, her voice low and thick with lust, as I slid my hard cock deep
within her with one smooth lunge. She was tight... and warm... and wet... just
as I had imagined she would be. Her long legs, already wide and smiling,
wrapped around my body, enveloping it and pulling me in even deeper. The
feeling of friction as the head of my cock squeezed through the tight walls of
her pussy was incredible. And, just as I was convinced that I could go no
further, she pulled me deeper still.

     Now it was my turn to moan.

     Talia.

     Bracing my knees against the mattress, I pulled back slightly and then
slid forward, beginning that familiar, age-old dance. She relaxed her legs and
then pulled herself forward and up, the muscles of her inner thighs tensing and
then relaxing, her motions melding perfectly with my own.

     Talia.

     I looked down at her sleek, glistening body sprawled out on the bed
beneath me. Her head was thrown back on the pillow and her short blonde hair
swept away from her face and fanned out like a halo. Her lips were slightly
parted, and her tongue slid slowly along her lower lip. Moving my gaze down her
body, I watched, mesmerised, and her small, firm breasts bobbed and jiggled in
time with my urgent thrusts.

     Talia.

     "Ohh..."

     She tossed her head to the side and then back again, opening her large,
green eyes and looking up at me. One long, lithe arm snaked up around and
behind my neck, drawing my face down to her's for a long passionate kiss. The
tempo and urgency of our movements increased as our tongues writhed together,
darting in and out, dancing, exploring each other's mouths. Finally, our faces
broke apart. I stared down at her as, eyes closed again, her breath began to
come in short, frantic pants. I increased the pace of my thrusting, trying to
keep up with her twisting, writhing glistening body as I felt the tell-tale
build up of pressure in my deeply buried cock. We were both getting closer and
closer...

     "Talia..."

     "Huh?"

     I opened my eyes... and looked down at Karen. Her head was thrown back on
the pillow, her thick, brown hair limp and sticky with sweat. She stared up at
me with hard, brown eyes. I kept pumping, hoping that she wouldn't pursue it.

     "What did you just say?"

     Damn.

     She stopped moving beneath me, her legs falling back to the bed.

     "I didn't say anything," I lied.

     "I thought you said something. It sounded like..."

     "I told you," I growled. I began to move my hips even faster, grinding my
cock into her to get to her shut up about it. "I didn't say anything." She just
grunted, unconvinced. I brought my face against her's and tried to kiss her,
but she turned away. I sighed, and continued to fuck her now motionless body.

     Eventually, I came.

     She didn't.

                                     *****

     Things became a bit strained with Karen after that, but we were both busy
enough that we didn't have to see much of each other. Between her doctoral
thesis and the class work and the seminars, Karen seemed to be spending almost
all of her time at the university anthropology department as the fall slowly
turned to winter, often so deeply buried in the department archives that I
couldn't find her even when I did find the time to wander over to her
department.

     Not that I made much of an effort.

     As for me, the university library was finally getting around to
computerizing its catalogue, so I had more than enough work to keep me busy.

     And Talia...

     I kept an eye on her and gradually began to figure out her schedule: when
she left for work... when she came home... when she did her laundry... With
Karen at the university all the time, I had plenty of opportunity to
'accidentally' bump into her as often as I could manage it. Very quickly, our
polite nods and greetings became conversations and then meetings for coffee at
the little cafe across the street. At first I was concerned that Karen might
see us, but Karen's schedule was both full and predictable, so that wasn't a
problem.

     And so, I found myself spending more and more time with Talia. It turned
out that she worked as a clothing designer at a fashion house which was located
just off the campus. When she discovered that we worked so close to each other,
she invited me over for lunch. I picked a day that Karen was busy, which wasn't
difficult, and accepted.

     It was quite the operation. I don't know what I had expected, but when I
walked out of the elevator, I was immediately impressed by the size of the
place. And very posh. The receptionist was some cute blonde bimbo with an ultra
short skirt and half-open blouse. I was surprised that they would let her work
here dressed like that. I mentioned it to Talia when she came out of her office
to meet me, but she just laughed and said that the support staff were required
to wear the latest fashions, most of which were either designed or distributed
by that company; almost like walking advertisements. She pointed out a number
of such girls as she showed me around the office, all beautiful and all wearing
daring outfits.

     I was impressed.

     As we walked into the elevator, she put her hand on my arm and gave a
squeeze. It was like a bolt of electricity shooting through my body.

     I was falling in love.

                                     *****

     I continued to see less and less of Karen as Christmas approached. We'd be
together on the odd weekend when one of us wasn't at work or at school; we'd
talk, see a movie... even fuck once in a while, but it wasn't important. It
didn't seem real.

     I lived for the meetings with Talia.

     Not that anything had happened.

     Yet.

     There was, however, plenty of promise of things to come. Talia and I met
two or three times a week for lunch, and I eventually became well known at her
office. I even got to know that blonde secretary I had been so dismissive about
earlier. Despite her appearance and high, little-girl voice, it turned out she
had an MBA. From Harvard, no less! I asked her about the job and she said she
took it because of Talia. She said that Talia was one of the top designers in
the country, and it was great experience to work for her.

     Even as a secretary.

     I had no idea Talia was so important or well known. When I asked her about
it, Talia just laughed. She said something about reputations and flattery and
deceptive appearances, and then talked about her career, but I didn't really
hear it. I was still lost in the sound of her laughter.

     We spent more and more time together. Talia became quite busy with her job
as the Christmas season approached, often working late two or three nights a
week, or having to be away on weekends, but my schedule at the library was
pretty flexible, and I was able to arrange things so that I was working
whenever Talia was working and available when she was available. Of course,
this meant that Karen and I saw even less of each other, but I didn't really
notice.

     Talia and I became closer and closer...

     And one night, as Talia and I sat together on the couch in her living room
watching a movie, I finally got up the courage to put my arm around her
shoulder. She looked over at me, her green eyes wide and questioning, but
didn't say anything as I drew her closer... and closer, until finally our faces
were inches apart.

     "Peter," she whispered, looking uncertain for the first time since I had
met her, "I..."

     "Shhh..." I put a trembling finger on her lips.

     "I... what about..."

     I silenced her by pressing my lips against her's and slipping my tongue
into her mouth.

     My heart was pounding like a jackhammer.

     Was I going too quickly?

     Had I misread the situation?

     Was I going to lose her?

     No. She stiffened for one terrible moment and then melted into the kiss,
opening her mouth and welcoming me. Letting out a quiet moan, she slid
backwards onto the couch, drawing me down onto her. We explored each other's
bodies like a pair of teenagers, hungry, grasping... almost desperate in our
need for each other. Finally, panting, she lifted her arms and began to slide
out of her tee shirt.

     I looked up from the couch, staring out the window at my own dark, empty
apartment across the courtyard. "Shouldn't we close the blinds?" I asked,
feeling suddenly exposed.

     She laughed and pulled my face down to her small, firm breasts. "Don't
worry about it," she told me, gasping slightly as my tongue found her hard,
sensitive nipples. "No one can see."

     And that was the last I thought about it.

     It was better than I'd imagined...

                                     *****

     Two days later, Talia invited Karen and myself to her Christmas party. I
debated over whether to tell Karen, but eventually decided that I had no
choice. It would be too obvious, otherwise. And so I waited one night until
Karen was almost asleep beside me and then mentioned, in passing, Talia's
party. Karen mumbled something about some her parents being in town or
something like that, and then rolled over.

     Her parents.

     Perfect.

                                     *****

     "What do you mean you're not going!" She was mad. Furious. I don't think
I'd ever seen Karen like that before. "You *know* how important this is! They
only come into town a couple times a year. I *told* you I would have come late
after making an appearance at this bloody faculty party. They'll arrive at the
restaurant and..."

     "Karen," I interrupted, standing my ground, "I told you a week ago. You
should have said something then. I've already told Talia that we were going."

     "You didn't say anything to me about it!"

     "I did." Sure, when you were half asleep.

     She fell silent for a moment, her hands clenched in tight little fists at
her sides. I started to say something, but changed my mind. Best to keep quiet
and see what happened.

     I have to admit, she looked great, standing there in the new evening dress
she had bought for the faculty party. She wasn't as tall or slender as Talia,
but she still had a great body and a beautiful face surrounded by thick waves
of brown hair. And the dress, which left her upper body and arms bare showed
her off to perfection. But Talia... I felt a lump in my throat as I mentally
compared my wife to the woman I loved. Karen and I...

     "Peter," she said, more begging now than angry, "you know how important
this is." My heart ached for her, but I had to be firm. Maybe it was for her
own good. "I *have* to go to this faculty party; if my parents..."

     I shook my head. "No. I've already told Talia that I would go to her
party."

     'I', not 'we'.

     Karen's shoulders slumped. Her eyes glistened and I thought for a moment
she would start to cry. Fortunately, I was spared that ordeal; with a quiet
sigh, she turned and walked out of the kitchen towards the front door. I stayed
where I was and listened while she changed into her dress shoes and left the
apartment without another word.

     Finally, she was gone.

     I walked into the dark living room and glanced out the window at Talia's
apartment across the courtyard. It was brightly lit and already full of people.

     Talia...

                                     *****

     The party was in full swing when I arrived. I looked around the crowd, but
didn't see anyone I really knew. From the look of things, it was mostly people
from Talia's office. I thought I saw the receptionist, still dressed in the
same daring fashions which she wore at work, but if it was her, she was quickly
swallowed by the crowd.

     Not that it mattered.

     I was only looking for one person.

     Talia.

     With Karen gone for the night, and maybe for good, I wanted to be with...

     And there she was, walking out of the kitchen and into the living room. As
usual, she was stunning. From her beautiful feet, encased in patent leather
shoes; to where her long, sleek legs disappeared into a black, leather skirt
which barely covered the bottom curves of her ass; to where a white, frilly
blouse made the most of her small breasts; to her long, bare arms; and,
finally, her flawless face and green eyes, perfectly set off by her short
blonde hair and a pair of green, teardrop earrings dangling from her earlobes.

     God, she was beautiful.

     Our eyes met. I felt a thrill shoot through my body as she broke off her
current conversation, grabbed a couple of drinks from a tray, and began walking
across the room towards me. Towards *me*! This wonderful, incredible creature,
surrounded by all her friends and colleagues, wanted nothing more than to be
with me.

     Right then and there, I knew that my marriage was over.

     She stopped a couple feet in front of me, looking me up and down with her
large, green eyes. "You're alone," she noted, handing me a drink.

     I shrugged. "Karen couldn't make it. She had a party on campus tonight.
And her parents are in town."

     Talia smiled. "I'm sorry."

     I smiled back. "Yeah. It's a shame."

     We stared at each other for a few moments. We both knew that tonight would
be special. And then: "Dance?"

     I nodded, and downed the drink in one swallow. She took my hand and led me
through the crowd to a corner of the room set aside for dancing. A fast song
was playing, so we joined the crowd in bouncing and swaying in time with the
music. As we danced, the crowd seemed to melt away, and my gaze became more and
more focused on Talia: the way she moved; the way her long legs twisted and
slid under the dark skirt; the way her breasts jiggled under the blouse...

     Someone handed us two more glasses and we emptied them without leaving the
dance floor. We just danced and danced, and, when a slow song finally began, it
seemed to me like we had the whole dance floor to ourselves.

     The whole world to ourselves.

     She melted into my arms, pressing her small, firm breasts against my chest
as we began to sway back in forth, maybe in time with the music, and maybe not.
As we danced, my hands roamed her body, sliding up and down her back and
cupping her ass through the leather skirt. She moaned and brought her mouth up
to mine for a long passionate kiss. My cock quickly grew rock hard in my pants.
Talia ran her hand along it and smiled.

     "You like this," she whispered, licking at my ear.

     "No," I answered, pulling her even closer to me, " I *love* this. I love
you."

     This seemed to startle her for a moment. She glanced around and then
looked back up at me with her green eyes. "I know that," she told me, smiling a
strange smile, "but your wife..."

     "She doesn't know about us," I told her. "And besides..."

     "I think she does." Talia nodded at a corner of the room. "She's right
over there."

     What!?!

     "Watching."

     I let go of Talia and whirled around. It was Karen, standing on the other
side of the room.

     Watching.

     With tears in her eyes...

     Cursing under my breath, I walked towards her.

     'Well,' I thought to myself, noticing that Talia was right behind me,
'maybe it's better to get this over with now.'

     "Karen..."

     I reached out to touch her shoulder, but she turned away. Running a hand
through my hair, I noticed for the first time how dizzy I was. It might have
been the alcohol, or maybe the fact that all my blood had rushed to my cock,
but I suddenly felt very unsteady.

     I reached out again: "Karen, I don't..."

     "Don't touch me," she hissed, shrugging away from my hand. Her eyes were
wet with tears.

     "Damn it." I was beginning to get angry. She was supposed to be somewhere
else. What was she doing here, fucking up my evening? Fucking up my life! "I
don't want to..."

     Again, she turned away.

     I was about to grab her by the shoulders and start shaking when Talia
slipped around to stand beside me. "Let me," she whispered. "I can help." I was
doubtful, but let her do as she wanted.

     Better her than me.

     Talia gestured towards the bar. Shrugging, I turned and walked away. It
was Talia's party; if she was worried about Karen making a scene, that was her
problem. I just hoped she wouldn't be too hard on the poor girl.

     Me, I needed a drink.

     There was a small wet bar set up just outside the kitchen. I ordered a
double scotch and took a long sip. It was the good stuff, certainly better than
what Karen and I had been able to afford. I took another swallow, downing most
of the drink. Thus fortified, I turned to watch the fireworks.

     Only there weren't any. Talia and Karen were still in the corner. Talia
had her hand on Karen's bare shoulder and was talking intently. Karen look
uncertain, her damp eyes fixed on the blonde woman's face, but Talia kept
talking. Finally, Karen nodded, wiping a tear from her cheek. Talia turned and
walked back to the dance floor with Karen following close behind. As she
walked, Karen shot me a look of... well, I'm not sure what: hatred? anger?
love? fear? I couldn't see clearly, but it scared me. She seemed... well,
strange. Shaken, I downed the remaining scotch and ordered another. By the time
it arrived, the music had started up again and the two women were dancing
together.

     Dancing.

     I watched in stunned disbelief, drink all but forgotten in my hand. Talia
and Karen stood facing each other, staring at each other's faces and swaying in
time with music. Karen was stiff at first, tentative, but she quickly loosened
up and got into it.

     She always did love to dance.

     The two women, one tall, sleek and blonde and the other shorter, with
thick brown hair and soft curves, were quickly the centre of attention. No one
seemed shocked or surprised, and there were still other dancers on the floor,
but you could tell that everyone was watching Talia and Karen as their dance
slowly, but surely, became increasingly seductive. The other people on the
dance floor smiled and gave them room.

     The dance continued.

     Talia made the first move, placing her hands on Karen's shoulders and
moving closer to the shorter woman. Karen looked uncertain for a moment but
then, shooting a quick glance to see if I was watching - I was; oh god, I was -
she slowly, sensuously slid her own hands up Talia's bare arms and, reaching
around behind the her back, drew the blonde women closer. Bodies swaying, their
faces met and I felt myself shudder as Talia's mouth opened and...

     What was happening?

     After an eternity, the kiss ended. As Karen pulled her face away, Talia's
tongue darted out and traced a slow, proprietary path all along the outside of
Karen's slightly parted lips. Karen stood there, breasts rising and falling
quickly under the thin fabric of her dress, a light sheen of perspiration
glistening on her face, while Talia completed her journey and then drew her in
for another long, excruciating kiss.

     I swallowed most of my drink in one gulp and held out my glass for a
refill.

     The kiss ended.

     Karen, turning gracefully, slowly wrapped herself in Talia's long, smooth
arms. Soon, she was leaning back in the other woman's grip, completely relaxed,
allowing herself to be led around the dance floor, eyes closed and lips parted.
I could see that her breathing was becoming heavy as Talia leaned over and
whispered something in her ear. Karen giggled... and then giggled again as the
blonde woman ran her tongue alongside her ear, down her neck...

     I wanted to get up off the stool.

     I wanted to walk over and grab Karen by the arm and jerk her away from
Talia. I wanted...

     I just sat there, mesmerized, while Karen bent her head back, parted her
lips and shivered as Talia joined her in another long, passionate kiss. I just
sat there as the two women abandoned any pretence at dancing and began to neck
openly right there on the dance floor, their hands exploring each other's
bodies; cupping each other's breasts... I just sat there and watched as Talia
broke off the kiss and, with a quick glance at me and a strange, triumphant
smile on her beautiful face, took Karen by the hand and led her off the dance
floor towards the bedroom. I got a quick glance at my wife's face as the blonde
woman led her away. She seemed dazed, her eyes blank and her breasts rising and
falling in quick, urgent gasps beneath the low cut of her evening dress.

     The entered the bedroom and the door closed.

     The spell was broken, and I could move again. I got up and half staggered
across the room towards the closed door. A big guy I didn't recognize stepped
in front of me and shook his head. Confused, I came to a halt and looked around
the room. The music had stopped and no one was dancing any more.

     Someone laughed.

     And then someone else.

     I felt my stomach heave, mostly because of the manner in which I'd downed
the last couple of drinks, but also because of fear. Breaking out into a cold
sweat, I turned and half-ran to the door. No one blocked my way and I was out
in the hallway before I knew what was happening. I heard the music start up
again as I staggered away down the hall.

     I barely made it to my own apartment. Gasping for air, I stumbled into the
bathroom and began to retch into the toilet.

     Karen...

                                     *****

     Karen didn't come home that night.

     Nor the next.

     Nor the next after that.

     The blinds were kept down at Talia's apartment and I didn't have the guts
to go over there and knock on the door. And so, not knowing what else to do, I
went to work the next Monday. I called the anthropology department, but Karen
wasn't there. When I got home, most of Karen's things were gone from the
bedroom.

     I did nothing.

                                     *****

     Four days later, I answered a knock on the door. It was a man I'd never
met before. He asked who I was and then, when I told him, he handed me an
envelope. I asked him what it was, but he just told me to open it.

     It was a petition for divorce.

                                     *****

     By the end of the next week, I was frantic with worry and sick at the
thought of losing... who, Talia? Karen? I didn't know any more. I just knew
that it wasn't fair! I'd tried repeatedly to contact Karen at the university,
but they told me that she hadn't shown up for any classes or seminars in two
weeks. She was in danger of losing her position.

     So I tanked up on a few drinks at lunch the next day and wandered over to
Talia's office. By the time I got there, I was half convinced that the whole
thing was some scheme of Talia's to get Karen out of the way.

     Clever.

     But still...

     I walked out of the elevator.

     Karen was working as the receptionist.

     She sat at the desk where the blonde girl had been before, wearing the
same skimpy, ultra-fashionable clothing the other girl had been waiting.

     "Can I help you?"

     Her voice was high pitched and girlish, just like the blonde woman's, and
she had that same half-dazed expression I had seen on her face that night at
Talia's, a look full of confusion and... what else, lust? confusion? I don't
know. She didn't look the same, though.

     I took my wife's hand. "Karen..."

     "You're not welcome here, Mr Parker."

     I looked up.

     Talia.

     "What have you..."

     "Would you please leave now?"

     I just stared, unbelieving, feeling my anger rise. What was...

     "Talia," Karen whined like a little girl, "He's h-hurting meeee." I looked
down. Her hand had turned white in my grip. Karen had tears in her eyes, and
her lower lip was stuck out like a pouting child.

     Letting go of her hand, I looked up, suddenly enraged. "You bitch," I
yelled, "What did you do to her?" Furious, I dodged around the desk and lunged
at the blonde woman. She was too quick for me, though; she took a calm step
backwards and then kicked me in the groin.

     Hard.

     By the time I was able to stand without retching, the police had arrived
and I was arrested for assault.

                                     *****

     The charges were quickly dropped, but I lost my job the next Monday.
Someone had spread the story that I had gotten drunk and attacked a woman. By
mid-morning, there were half a dozen campus "womyn's" groups picketing the
library, demanding that I be fired. Mr Blake put me on temporary suspension
before lunch, and made it very clear that there was nothing temporary about it.

     "Some of these women have even threatened to start burning books," he
confided in me, looking horrified at the very thought. "Burning books." He
shook his head. "Can't have that; this is a library."

     And so, I went home a noon.

     Without a job.

                                     *****

     The next day, I was served with more legal papers, setting out the basis
of a "negotiated" settlement. Basically, Karen got everything. I got nothing.
Also enclosed in the package was a small envelope containing pictures. Pictures
of me and Talia, fucking on Talia's couch. I was clearly identifiable in the
pictures.

     Talia, of course, was not.

     I signed.

                                     *****

     And that's what happened.

     So now I'm sitting, watching through the binoculars, as Talia leads my
wife - soon to be ex-wife - out of the kitchen and into the living room. As
usual, Karen's on all fours, naked except for what I think is some kind of dog
collar around her neck. I'm not certain at this distance, even with the
binoculars. Karen's large tits are swaying and jiggling as she scampers about
on her hands and knees to keep up with the blonde woman, but she doesn't seem
to mind.

     Karen crouches on the floor beside the couch and Talia rubs her head. Then
the blonde woman spread her legs and gestures for Karen to get to work. My cock
is rock hard, naked in my fist, as Karen eagerly buries her empty face in
Talia's pussy. In my mind's eyes, I see her tongue hard at work, lapping and
sucking...

     My hand begins to move faster and faster...

     Talia picks up the remote control and begins watching television while
Karen continues to lap at her pussy. Then, as she does every night at just
about this time, she looks out the window, across the courtyard, and smiles.
She reaches over, grasps something hanging down from the top of the window and
suddenly everything goes blank.

     She's closed the blinds.

     Ahh, but she's too late this time. My hand is moving in a blur, rubbing
furiously up and down my cock as I replay the night's activities in my head.
She's taken everything else from me, but she...
     can't...
          take...
               this...

     "Ah."

     I feel the familiar rush of pain and pleasure swell up in my cock and
burst out over my hand in a warm, sticky fountain. Yes. Panting I put down the
binoculars, smiling to myself as I contemplate my victory.

     Talia...

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
                      As usual, all comments are welcome.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





