BDSM Library - Hanging Janet




Hanging Janet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Janet found the hanging pictures on the internet were so erotic to her. She wanted to have a taste of it. She was not killed, instead, she was incredibly hot after the hanging. This is a fiction, DO NOT try it at home!
Hanging Janet



	Well, Janet is alive to tell the story!!  And, yes, she did hang herself
publically.  It was the most intense, erotic experience of her life... and truly
the most terrifying... not at all something I would recommend to the faint of
soul.

	Janet had come across several pictures of a mock hanging in a web sight
about a year ago.  I don't know why, the truth is I really don't care to know,
but she found them uniquely erotic.  She kept them in a secret file, often
reviewing each scene.  I stumbled across them a month or so ago quite by
accident.  I am her husband... and accomplice to her hanging.  Sure they were
probably fake.  But she was turned on, fascinated, almost consumed by them.  I
could easily tell that, but still... hanging from a rope... by the neck.  Yet
something about the whole thing drew her like a moth to the flames.

	After several months of discussion, and it took a lot to talk me into
being her assistant we decided to try it.  I had read many articles about
asphyxia so that I would have a basic working idea of safety.  The hard part was
going to be judging her asphyxia and minimizing any physical damage to her neck,
throat, larynx, or brain.  We would have to be extremely careful with this.  It
took another two weeks for ME to get up the courage to hang my wife... no joking
here.  I love her and was very concerned about this. 

	We had to prepare, and verify several different things.  Safety would
have to be checked and double checked.  Because this was NOT going to be a fake
hanging.  And I was not interested in being alone in a cage with Bubba as an
extended guest of the State.

	

The Test of Determination & Courage



	"Are you sure you want to do this?"  I asked with more than a little
concern, repeatedly.

	"Yes."  I placed Janet's trim wrists in the padded leather cuffs we used
for play locking them securely behind her back.  Then I tug a bit more slack
thru the noose placing it loosely upon Janet's shoulders.  I lifted her soft
brown hair from about the rope.  The noose looked as much like the pictures of a
hangman's noose as we could fit... I had half inch rope so we used that to begin
with.  I pulled the slack out of the noose setting the tag end at the base of
her left ear.  It had absolutely NO tautness about her neck...  I stepped to the
lead next to the wall.

	"Ready?"  I asked. 

	"Yes.  I am so wet already."  Janet's soft sex was fully engorged.

	"Ten seconds of air time, right?"

	"Exactly... and not a second less.  If this is going to be a hanging I
have to hang there for awhile... and I have to know what to expect." 

	Slowly I snugged the noose around her neck.  Her head tilted slightly to
the right giving way to the noose at the base of her skull.  It cinched snug
showing slight signs of pressure upon her skin.  Janet's hands gripped into
rigid fists.  She stood to her tip toes.  Slowly I began to pull upon the rope. 
We had secured a three loop block and tackle to a large eye hook in the glue lam
beam of our vaulted living room.  It was the only place tall enough to provide
room for the event Janet had planned.  The noose tightened around about her 
neck instantly stopping her airway.  She gasped a bit.  I paused... only
briefly.

	"Ready?"  He took another secure hold of the rope.

	"Yes."  She wheezed thru the tightened noose.  I pulled hard upon the
rope another time.  With this pull I could feel the rope sliding thru the noose
tightening about her neck. 

	The pain of the rope cutting into the musculature of her neck knifed
thru Janet's mind.  Her heart pounded fiercely.  Janet's feet swung free of the
ground.  She was now hanging about three inches above the ground, with great
effort her toe's barely scuffed the ground beneath her.  Janet's mind screamed
as her feet first lost contact with the ground beneath her. 

	"One, two, three, four, five... ten."  I spoke clearly, deliberately,
counting off ten full seconds. 

	The rope bit hard, very hard about and into Janet's neck.  She swung
slightly before she began to struggle with the rope about her neck.  A wave of
panic, horror, desperation to get free race violently thru her being.  Janet's
finger's dug into her neck seeking to loosen the rope about her.  Her legs
quivered.  Her toes stretched and pointed at the ground seeking relief and
support for her body's weight.  A toes scuffed lightly upon the surface offering
no support.  Her hands and arms struggled mightily so that they might taking
hold of the rope about her neck... to no avail... she had not the strength to
lift herself by the rope about her neck.  Her eyes bulged slightly in horrible
panic.   Janet jerked her head... the rope creaked from her weight as a tattle
tail sing of her struggles. 

	At ten I eased Janet's feet back to the ground... the rope did not
loosen or release her from it's grip.  Janet's legs gave way sagging her against
the rope.  I too was over come with panic as I pulled the rope loose about her
neck.  She gasp loudly for air... coughing, gasping, choking for air.  Janet
doubled over struggling to regain her senses, her hands still cuffed behind her
back.  And this had been only ten seconds. 

	I held her close as she struggled to recover her composure. 

	"Are you sure you want to do this?"  I asked genuinely concerned about
my wife.  I was sure that she would change her mind now.

	Fact was, that at the moment Janet was quite sure that all she wanted
was to breathe again.  She strode to the mirror to check for marks.  The rope
had left a slight red mark but other than that Janet was substantially
undamaged... except for the trauma.

	"Yes.  I am more sure now than before.  I know I can survive and now I
know what to expect.  And my pussy is so wet... go figure!!  Why?  I truly don't
know...

	"Fuck me... fuck me now."  So I did!!!  And why not, she was hot,
pretty, and my wife!! But I knew 'I' needed  more preparation. 

	Janet had been truly unprepared for the tightening of the rope, the
panic that raced uncontrolled through out her mind.  I feared too about
fracturing her larynx or her 135 lbs breaking her neck.

	I read more... I was correct to have fears about these things.  I found
that she could do without oxygen for several minutes as long as her airway
remain usable afterwards.  Janet tried holding her breath.  I timed her...
thirty to forty seconds was all she could muster.  She was not used to not
breathing regularly!  So... a minute and a half without air and another twenty
to thirty seconds of held air, I figured a bit less do to the panic she was
going to have to deal with... two minutes of hang time, max... but none the less
do able.

	For the next trial I used a larger, one inch rope.  It would cut less
into her skin.  I cinched the noose till it was very thoroughly tight about
Janet's neck and marked the rope.  Then I pulled another inch and a tiny bit
smaller.  I put a small padlock thru the rope.  That would prevent the rope for
cinching beyond that point... and I hoped would also prevent significant damage
to her larynx.  As for breaking her neck, Janet figured to step off a stool
rather than fall... and there in hanging herself too, relieving me of particular
internal conflict.  It is the falling and jerking that breaks the neck... we
hoped. 

	I felt safe, tho anxious as I began to pull upon the rope.  Again the
rope began to tighten.  Janet took a deep breath.  I watched. Tthe second after
she took her deep breath, I pulled hard.  The rope cut into Janet's neck
stopping her airway immediately.  She swung free of the ground.  She was hanging
by her neck again!  The padlock stopped the rope as I had planned tho it did not
stop the tightness of the rope nor the panic, nor the sensation of the hanging. 
I pulled her another two feet free of the ground.  Janet's pussy flushed wet. 
She began to struggle almost instantly.  She fought the cuffs trying mightily to
free her hands... She struggled to find the ground.  Janet swung freely in the
air... not gently to and fro... she swung wildly about with each desperate
struggle.  She stretched and kicked about  to contact something, anything.  Her
legs thrashed wildly.  Janet began to fail... sagging limply.  I was not
counting... It would be a full minute before I felt the rope slip thru my hands
lowering her to the ground.  Janet was sweating profusely... then so was I!  She
all but stopped the struggles as the clock passed the minute mark.  I waited and
watched.  She just hung there... in the air above the ground... quivering. 

	I let the rope slip thru my hands lowering Janet to the ground.  Her
limbs were weak, to weak to support her.  Janet need to breath.  I slipped the
noose loose around her neck.  She gasp and fell to the ground...  Her pussy
squished from the dampness.

	"So?"  I puzzled as she regained her legs.  "And that was only a minute. 
How are you going to do two minutes?"  Janet dipped her fingers between her
legs.  They glistened in the light as she held her hand up for me to see.

	"Shh...  Fuck me... fuck me now."  Janet was so horny, hornier than I
had ever seen her. I  fell upon her like the wanton Woman she was.  It felt so
good to be inside her hot wet pussy... lost in her passions. 

	"How..."  I said as we lay in a heap upon the floor beneath her noose. 
I lay naked gazing upward at the noose above us.

	"I may very well pass out, but I will survive... and then you must see
that I am fucked long and hard."  Janet smiled lustily.  I shook my head,
confused, but then who am I to say why or what turns someone on...

	"Yes, I can surely do that..."



RSVP for a Hanging



	The invitations were simple enough.  I decided to send them to several
of our secret play friends... with a RSVP:



For crimes of passion and wanton behavior Janet will be tried, stripped, and
publically hung on Friday night.  The trial is as 6 PM.  Stripping and display
will be at 7 PM.  And she will be hung at 8 PM.  You are invited to participate
at
out home.  RSVP.



	Janet's heart pounded as she dropped all twelve invitation into the mail
box.  As they slipped past her fingertips she knew that she was committed or
must be humiliated in front of our friends.  She was going to be hung...
publically two weeks from Friday... and that was that!



	That two weeks seemed to both fly and drag.  The first week or so flew
by as curious inquiries poured in with their RSVP. 

	"Yes... she is going to be hung... for real.  Yes, we are going to put
her on trial.  Well, for crimes of passion... You know the kinds of things she
does.  Yes, exactly.  For real... no she won't die or anything so dramatic...
It's her idea.  Seriously..."

	By the middle of the second week we had an RSVP for twelve jurors.  The
stage was set. 

	Janet went to the hair salon getting her hair trimmed short for this
auspicious occasion.  On Friday I shaved her pussy smooth.  She showered,
primped and fussed for two hours before the first guest arrived.  Then she
dressed.

	A simple navy thong... black garter... a pastel peach tricot bra (her
nipples were very visible)... tan hose... a short, short black corduroy skirt...
and a soft peach blouse (like a dress shirt).  Janet was ready.  It was five PM.

	The first of our guests arrived about five fifteen.  Janet, looking sexy
to say the least, mingled and visited as tho this were just another social
party.  No one broached the reality of the subject, at least with her... tho
whispers could be heard between members of her jury.  By five forty-five all
twelve jurors were assembled... at six I called the trial to order.

	"Hear yea, hear yea... The trial of Janet Walker is about the begin. 
She has been known for wanton behavior on more than one occasion and will be
tried tonight for such crimes of passion by a jury of her peers."  I  pointed
about the room.  There was applause, cheers, and jeering.  A few drinks, and bit
of small talk, and the jury was in the mood.

	Janet sat before a jury of twelve of her peers, people we had known,
grown up with, and partied with for nearly a decade.  I bound her tightly to a
kitchen chair.  I placed a bit gag in her mouth securing her into silence before
the jury.  She did not need a defense, after all this was to be HER hanging!!

	"Who will be our first witness?"  Jim raised his hand. 



	"Remember the time at the beach two years ago... when Judy strode about
topless.  She  made us all crazy... titillating and teasing us... she loved
every minute."   They all nodded in agreement at the memory.  And to tell the
truth she loved their reaction as she slipped her top off in front of the guys.
In fact, Jim, had hounded her all night about seeing her tits... so she did. 
Janet's  tits were ample and firm, her nipples large and hard.. and she had
enjoyed the reactions she got from flaunting them about... often.





	"I remember the time she did that strip tease then took on three of us
at the New Years Eve party..."





	"And the time she..." 



	It did not take long before the memories of her past painted an
overwhelmingly lurid scenario.  Janet sat almost embarrassed at the out pouring
of her deeds.  She sounded slutty, truly a horny wanton Bitch.

	After nearly fifty minutes of tales and memories it was time to cast
ballots.  Each juror received a small trip of paper and a tiny pencil.  (The
local golf shop unwittingly donated several pencils.)  The papers were collected
and counted....

	"It is unanimous.  Janet is truly a wanton Woman.  And herein found
guilty of crimes of passion by this jury of her peers.  For this she will be
stripped and at eight PM... hung."  Silence fell upon the group... then someone
clapped... applause came eagerly.  The cheering was riotous and I untied Janet
from her chair.  She stood before the group.

	Each article of clothing was ritually removed... to cheers and applause. 
In another several minutes she stood naked before her friends.  Shaved smooth
and oiled lightly her skin glistened in the lighted room.  I placed her hand
into leather cuffs tethering them and Janet to the beam above us.  Her feet were
cuffed some thirty inches apart into a spreader bar.  A butt plug was inserted
into her ass and a dildo into her pussy.  Each in turn were plugged into the
wall and turned on.  No batteries to die, no respite.  Just an hour of
stimulation and humiliation as she stood and/or collapsed at her multiple
orgasms... until her eventual hanging.  Within ten minutes Janet sagged upon the
tether line cumming almost continuously.  Her friends wandered passed often
taking advantage of her situation, her body, her sex, and nudity.  Watching,
exploring, caressing, diddling...  The next hour seemed like an eternity to
Janet.

	It was twenty minutes to eight.  I called Janet's trial back to order...



To be Well Hung



	"It is time for our feature event tonight.  Please take your seats."  I
called the raucous group to order.

	I removed her cuffs and the spreader bar.  Then released Janet from her
tether.  Jim escorted her to the restroom.  Janet removed the dildo and plug...
then took relief before she was to be hung.  She stood looking into the mirror
for a full minute... Her palms clammy and sweaty, her skin cold... beads of cold
sweat stood upon Janet's forehead.  She did not feel turned on... just terrified
at the reality before her... she was to be hanged, her choice, her doing... her
hanging... and now her reality!

	"ARE you NUTS?"  She asked herself aloud.  There was a knock at the
door.  It was time...

	"Five minutes, Janet."  Jim spoke clearly.

	"Yeah, but they're not hanging you!"  Janet spoke harshly, but quietly
enough to not be heard.  Her heart pounded loudly as the door knob turned in her
hand.  Janet exited the bathroom following Jim to the living room.  The noose
hung motionless in the air before her.  Janet froze in her tracks.  Her noose...
for her hanging.  She looked about the room.  Many puzzled eyes starred back. 
Surely they would not force her to do this thing.  Her knees wobbled and buckled
at the next step.  Jim caught her arm.  Surely not, Janet screamed in the
silence of her own mind.

	"Doug. Assist Jim and escorting Janet to the front here."  Doug stood...
Yes, they were going to see this thing thru.  Janet struggled as they tugged at
her arms nearly dragging her the last few feet.  I gave the cuffs to Doug. 
Janet's arms were bound behind her back.

	"Stand still."  I scolded her.  Janet froze in place... her eyes wide
focusing solely upon the noose before her.



Reading the Verdict



	"Janet Walker, you have been tried by a jury of your peers and found
guilty of wanton acts of carnal passion on multiple occasions.  Do you have
anything you wish to say to the jury?"

	Janet stood still as stone her eyes fixed upon the noose.  "No.  I am
truly a wanton slutty Woman..."  She broke her gaze from the noose seeking a
recognizable face before her.

	"Then it is the decision of this jury that you be hanged by the neck for
the space of two full minutes.  Do you wish to respond?"

	Janet looked at each man intensely... "Fuck me... fuck me long and hard
when this is done... fuck my pussy."  With that they jury began to cheer.  I
don't know who started it but a chant began....

	"Hang the Slut.  Hang the Slut..."  I placed the bridle gag into Janet's
mouth and helped her to mount the stool in front the noose... her noose.  She
stood tall.  I was proud of her for that.

	I bound her upper thighs and her knees.  We had decided that too much
struggling hurt her neck... and too little, well, just wouldn't be right.  She
wanted to struggle.  She wanted to be hung and it was about to happen... 

	Janet's sex flushed warm.  Her labia responded swelling noticeably from
her own passion.  Their were beads of dampness about her vulva as I bound
Janet's thighs. 

	I placed the noose about her neck making sure that no hair got tucked
beneath.  Then I pulled the slack out of the noose placing the knot behind her
left ear as we had practiced.  I removed my chair from beside her stool.  I
pulled the roped tautly about her neck and tied it off to a cleat we fastened to
the wall.  One minute remained...

	All eyes were upon Janet... the second's sweep hand raced about the
clock.  Janet's eyes were fixed wholly upon that hand.  If she failed to step
off of the chair by the passing of thirty seconds... I was to remove the chair
tipping her off... hanging her as she wished.  I secretly pleaded that she had
the strength to take that step herself...  Five... Four... Three... Two...
One...



Janet Swings



	Janet took one last deep breath.  I could see her knee begin to bend as
the sweep hand cleared that last second... Her foot lifted off of the stool...
Janet's weight move forward... and downward... as tho she was going to step down
off of the stool... her foot found only air... Janet's weight followed her
forward into unsupported space... her body stepped downward... into air,
nothing... the stool tumble to the side... the rope tightened to the padlock. 

	Ever done something that you knew instantly was an OOPS?  Or had that
moment when everything plays out in ultra slowly motion before you?  You notice
every single minute detail and then have to scream 'OH, SHIT!!'  Well, Janet
could not scream...   It all played out so very vividly and in minutely
memorable detail. 

	Janet notice the feeling of nothing beneath her foot.  Felt her weight
shift forward... downward... losing balance at the end.  Janet could feel every
weave of the rope as it slipped thru the knot behind her ear.  She was acutely
aware the instant it began to tighten about her neck.  The rope press hard into
her throat stopping any passage of air.  The bite of the rope hurt! Pulling
abruptly, stopping Janet's stepping, the downward pull of her own weight
cinching the rope deep into her neck. 

	Momentum swung Janet away from the stool.  The jeering crowd of her own
peers fell stone silent as Janet swung gracefully into the air before them. 
Stopping short of the ground... hanging... by her neck.  Janet swung back passed
where the stool had been.  I waited only a moment before removing it from
beneath her. Her feet would find nothing... nothing but the air in which she
hung.

	Instinctively Janet reached with her right hand to grab at the rope
pulling it away, loosening its grasp about her neck... to get her fingers
beneath the cord relieving the pain, stopping the biting of the rope into her
flesh, arresting the panic erupting inside her being, and allowing precious air
to fill her lungs.  The right hand pulled hard upon the left, the cuffs at her
back securely binding each to the other.  She fought the cuffs hard, violently,
shaking her arms and shoulders to free a helpful hand.  Her neck burned.  Her
eyes bulged in panic, sweat began to bead upon her back.  Janet kicked with a
foot to the side searching diligently for the stool... nothing.  The kick swung
her body.  Her weight pulled the rope harder upon her neck.  She pointed a toe
downward to find the ground... maybe a little support... nothing.  Janet flailed
the other leg struggling to find any means of support.  She pulled hard again at
the cuffs behind her...

	I watched the clock carefully.  I watched Janet struggle with her
handcuffs.  She could not free her hands.  She reached with her toes for
anything solid, her feet seeking a stool that was not there.  Thirty seconds... 
She kicked her feet and struggled frantically. Panic vivid upon her features.

	Janet's mind raced from panic to terror.  She felt weak, relaxing
slightly... her toes tingled as her mind clouded.  She tested the cuffs again...
reached a toe... relaxed a bit more... and swung quietly, slowly back and forth. 
The rope creaked at the changing stress of Janet's slow swinging motions.

	I watched Janet quiver slightly.  She trembled.  A minute passed...  A
shudder ran the length of her body.  She swung softly before a very quiet group. 
Hanging... hanging by her neck... hanging very limp, very still.  Her limp body
began to rotate in utter stillness before the group.  Her face grew red... and
redder... and purplish and ashen.  She twitched again... then hung absolutely
still... swinging about gently.   A minute forty...  Moisture gleamed at Janet's
engorged labia.  She was hanging!! 

	Her pussy wet.  I could see the dampness upon her thighs.  Janet lost
her struggle for consciousness as she approached two minutes.  I began to free
the rope.  At two minutes fifteen she lay unconscious on the floor.  I slipped
the noose from about her neck... and waited.  It took another ten full seconds
before the first gasp of air raced thru her lungs.  Jim removed the bindings
about her thighs.  Doug removed her cuffs.  I held my wife as she regained
consciousness.  In ten minutes she was standing... and slight red mark about her
soft neck.



	"Who's going to fuck me first?"  Her voice was raspy and horse but very
audible.  "I need a good fucking... right now."  She strode towards the bedroom. 
Jim followed quickly...

	"Guess, we'll have to hang her again next month..."  Was all I could
say... the jury cheered.





NEVER TRY THIS AT HOME!!!  THIS IS ONLY FICTION.

DEATH OR INJURY MAY FOLLOW!!!





Comments are welcome at Golffdude45@AOL.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





