BDSM Library - Asian Adventure




Asian Adventure
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young sailor encounters a persistent partner with an unusual appetite.
Asian Adventure

	The brilliant multicolored nightlights played on his senses as he strolled
out of the noisy bar and onto the busy street.  Forty long days at sea
surrounded by shades of gray had finally given way to this bustling Asian port
and he was now more than ready to cast his fate to the four winds for the night. 
Although inadvertently separated from his crewmates earlier in the evening, he
was undaunted in his revels as he was somewhat of a loner by nature and had
never found reason to fear anyone.  A taxi swerved over and splashed to a stop
in front him as the aging, partially toothless driver leaned out and mumbled
something he didn't understand.  Smiling, he waved the driver off and turned
towards the heart of town, hypnotized by the flashing colors that danced off the
puddles on the newly rain washed street and mesmerized by the sing-song
conversations that swirled through the evening air.  He never saw her approach.

	"How about dinner an' a fuck'" came the sweet voice of the girl that now
stood beside him.

	"That's my line," he quipped in surprise as his eyes meet the opaque pools
of hers.  He silently noted that her smiled revealed the most even, beautiful
teeth he had ever encountered; and her shiny long black hair reflected the
city's aura like a halo.  She has a lovely countenance for a middle-aged
prostitute, he thought to himself as he began to turn from her.

	"C'mon sailor," she urged, "Have dinner wit' me - I'll buy!"

	"Is that all that's in if for me," he goaded, momentarily halted by her
persistence.

	"I give you da ride of your life too," she offered, persistently.

	"Let me think on that," he returned as he strolled away, picking up his pace
as the distance between the two widened.  He didn't really feel like settling
into her charms as the evening was still young and he thought he'd seen several
other younger working girls further up the busy street standing just outside a
club whose entrance was guarded by a neon dragon.

	As he entered the club, he was all but mugged by the girls waiting therein. 
Either they had never seen a sailor before, or business had really been ugly for
the past several years.  They began grabbing for his crotch unmercifully while
cooing sucky fucky overtures that would entice only the most desperate souls. 
He was taken aback and stumbled backwards back onto the busy street with both
hands in his pockets protecting his over ripe assets.  Dazed, he turned back
towards from whence he came only to realize that he was no longer sure where
that could be.  A slight prick of panic crept across his chest as he focused his
eyes carefully in a futile effort to locate a familiar landmark.  But all he saw
was his rejected dinner date standing several yard in front of him with her
hands on her hips and that damned disarming smile stretching across her face.  
She slowly approached him with her eyes fixed on his.

	"You lookin' for me, sailor?"

	He made a snap decision, figuring she could help him back to the ship when
their encounter was over and reached his hand out to her.  She grasped it
firmly; her delicate fingers curling around his securely. Without a word, she
led him across the busy street and down a dark alley to an obscure flight of
wooden stairs.  She felt his hesitancy, and gently coaxed him on with a
reassuring squeeze of her hand.  Once on the third level, she reached inside her
brassiere and withdrew a single shiny key that she opened the old creaking door
with.  She flipped on the light, threw her coat onto an old wooden table, and
winked at him as if she was quite proud of herself.

	"Tea, or me," she purred.

	"Both," he returned in a broken voice.  Still somewhat overwhelmed by the
events that brought him to this small one room dwelling, he surveyed its
well-worn and meager contents.  The bed, next to a semi-obscure widow that was
opened into the drafty alleyway, had seen much better days with the thick
moth-eaten comforter barely masking the telltale slump in the middle of the
mattress.  The bathroom next to the bed reeked of stagnant water, and bore a
small cracked mirror above the cracked sink as its only decor.  The kitchen,
located straight across from the foot of the bed housed a small refrigerator
that sounded like a blender and a counter-top gas stove barely visible under the
mountain of worn tin pans.  The walls were cracked and eroding plaster with
brown colored streaks where the rain had found a path from the wallpapered
ceiling to the barren wood floor.  A small table under the only bare light bulb
in the entire dwelling rounded off room's meager decor.  From the small sink in
the bathroom, the telltale sign of a leaking faucet resounded through the
thin-walled room and out to the street below in an aggravating monotone. 

	His host brushed the pans away from one of the burners unsympathetically,
and drew some water from a small plastic pail on the floor, then hummed to
herself in a melancholy oriental song as she lit the burner with matches from
nowhere.  Once she adjusted the small blue flame, she turned and winked at him
before disappearing into the bathroom behind the termite riddled door that would
only forcibly close.  He sat on the bed that protested vehemently under his thin
frame and reached over to a small wooden cabinet to fondle a small cracked
ashtray with a picture of a WWII battleship taped on the bottom.  He began to
absently reflect on the night - the mayhem a mere block away, and the meager
existence reflected in the four walls that surrounded him.  It was strange, that
someone with her looks was barely existing despite the wages she snatched from
her trade.

	She emerged from the dripping room in a petite white teddy that   barely
concealed the neatly trimmed bush that he had come to invade.  His arousal
became evident almost immediately not only because of the "feast or famine"
sexual diet the military service forced upon him, but because of the deliciously
frail, beautifully tanned woman that now stood shyly before him.   Everything
from her shiny long hair to her delicately manicured toenails reflected
unspoiled femininity.  Her lithe tanned legs jutted from the hem of her
nightwear in a study of contrasts between unblemished sensuality and artificial
eroticism.  The firm ripples of her muscles beneath her flawless skin attested
to her conditioning and enduring youth.  Her small pert breasts were crowned
with small erect raisins.   Waltzing past him gingerly, she floated into the
kitchen and prepared his tea as he gawked at her assets; transfixed by her
pristine beauty.  Returning to his side, she handed him the small chipped china
cup filled with fragrant tea and locked her eyes on his as she sat next to him
and seductively crossed her legs.  His eyes slowly consumed her delicacies as he
nervously took his first sip of the delicious herbal tea.  Within moments the
tranquilizer had taken its effect on his nervous system and, with a guiding
nudge, he fell over backwards onto the bed. 

	He awoke naked with his four extremities securely tied by nylons to the bed
frame and his mouth stuffed with her underwear.  She was pumping his cock
frantically with one hand while desperately trying to force a small L-shaped
metal rod up his ass.  Around the base of his glans was a small metal ring with
an alligator clip and a long wire leading to an old wooden box sitting on the
wooden cabinet next to the bed.  Another wire led from the box to the base of
the metal probe she continued to struggle with.  He felt the small tip force
it's way towards the base of his cock amidst her unintelligible gibberish and
for the first time that night he knew fear.  She continued to move the probe
within him for several minutes while stroking his unlubricated aroused member
feverishly until, with a gentle sigh, she rocked back and sat on her feet and
winked at her captor impishly.

	"OK sailor," she whispered as she wiped the accumulated sweat from her
disheveled hair, "It's food time!"  Her body rocked forward so that her mouth
could full engulfed his glans, and she began to hum to herself as her tongue
moved across the now swollen organ with gentle yet expert motions that were
quickly coaxing his seed from within.   His mouth became the Sahara instantly as
his engorged cock began to throb with his impending orgasm.  Somehow, despite
her delicate yet delicious manipulations, a thread of reasoning fueled with
fear, kept him from ejaculation.  Sensing his softening resolution, she reached
over to the wooden box and slowly turned the worn black knob.  She watched
intently as the first building jolt of electricity raced through his prostrate
and up the length of his cock, reinforcing his earlier firmness and bringing him
unexpectantly to the verge.  As the second jolt gradually increased its
intensity, she grabbed the small ashtray and guided his cock to target the
unsuspecting battleship within.    

	Reasoning, self-control, and fear were abolished in an instant as the second
jolt peaked in intensity forcing his hips skyward and his life giving essence to
explode from his cock violently, knocking the unsuspecting ship out of her hand
with an audible crash.  She squealed and cupped the pulsing member in her hand,
eagerly collecting every drop of his spent seed as quickly as he delivered. 
After the fourth stream bathed the palm of her hand another jolt began to build
deep within his pelvis, unloading a second ferocious battery of warm cream of
such volume that her hands began to overflow.  She struggled to keep the life
giving semen in the confines of her slippery hands as spurts of ejaculate
exploded from the tip of his deep-purple shaft.  With the agility of a gymnast,
she swung her foot at the frayed electrical cord which led to the wooden box,
and kicked the plug from the exposed wall socket.  She fell backwards with a
sweet sigh of relief and rested her quivering head on his thighs for a long
moment of sweet bliss while still cradling his swollen member gingerly.

	After a short eternity, she slowly rose from the bed and walked  into the
kitchen carefully keeping the dripping strands of spent cum in the confines of
her palms until she reached the nearest tin pan.  Meticulously, she wiped the
creamy substance from her hands into the pan, until her hands were dry and
crusty.  She then reached into the noisy refrigerated and pulled out a small
carton of milk, several shelled eggs in a chipped bowl, some cooked seaweed and
some brown rice combining them in the same pan as the sailors essence.  She
began to hum to herself as she lovingly massaged the ingredients together over a
low flame, glancing up occasionally at her unsuspecting donor appreciatively. 

	He was exhausted; in less than a minute he had drained forty days worth of
accumulated cum and now his gonads throbbed, his prostrate felt shriveled to the
size of a pea, and his overworked cock contracted into a small feverish glob of
reddish gristle.  Although his respiration was returning to normal, the
throbbing headache from the strong sedative was keeping his breaths shallow and
his body tense.  He closed his eyes to keep the room from spinning only to see a
kaleidoscope of the night's colored images framing the beautiful face of his
captor.  His ass hole burned and as his sweat began to trickle into his eyes, it
made them burn also.  Somewhere deep within, his mind gyrated wildly between his
fight or flight instincts that were eventually manifested in his twitching
fingers and the small pool of piss that was forming under his ass.

	She looked up from the now steaming pan, and saw him shift uncomfortably on
the bed as the once warm pee quickly cooled.  From a shelf above the stove, she
grabbed several jars of seasoning, and using a pinch of each she stirred them
quickly into the steaming brew before she turned down the flame and moved the
pan over to cool in the sink.  With a spoon that lay nearby, she took a sample,
savoring it slowly before turning to him decisively and remarking;

	"Need more!"

	He felt every muscle tighten in his body as he was snapped from his revels
in and instant.  Sex is one thing but forced milking was quite another and he
had no intention of exploring the quantitative limits of his regenerative
reproductive abilities now or ever.  He began to protest vehemently with grunts
and confined body language to no avail as she encompassed the spongy tip of his
cock with her sweet sucking lips and began to expertly coax it back to life. 
For the better part of a quarter hour, she used the best of her accumulated
skills to nurture his cock back to its life giving potential, yet despite her
best efforts, his manhood barely stirred.

	Finally, in a fit of futility for them both, she leaned over the edge of the
creaking bed and plugged in the wooden box.  The pool of piss combined with the
glistening moisture on his glans formed a lethal spike for the rheostat,
shorting it out immediately.  The resulting surge of direct current to the
unsuspecting organ triggered a genital light show that could easily have been
witnessed from the street below.  She screamed and ran from the room in her bare
feet as he watched geysers of blood tainted sperm erupt from his glowing organ. 
Finally, with a flash not unlike a white sparkler on the fourth of July and the
sizzle one hears when fat hits the fire, the box blew apart and over half the
city went dark.  He faded into tomorrow amidst the odor of burning flesh and
fried rice.

	He was found in a small drainage ditch next to the main gate to the Naval
Base early the next morning.  With a blackened smudge where his once proud
manhood once resided and an explanation that was suitable for a sci-fi sitcom,
he was given massive doses of antibiotics and quickly flown to an obscure
research hospital hardly anyone has ever heard of or about.  He hasn't been
heard from since.

	It is rumored that she still prowls the crowded brightly lit streets after
dark but that she has traded the brown box for a plunger.   




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





