BDSM Library - Raiders Dungeon




Raiders Dungeon
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Story is set in the future. A feudal system is in place. It is a mix of old and new modern miracles. Pain is a way of life for many. As the story continues in several parts an over view of what might take place in a world where even the most cruel tortures can be repaired only to begin again.RAIDERS DUNGEON   
Raiders Dungeon Part 1 celeste  
The night was starless. The mist swirled around Wolfs Lair castle like a
  cape, its black stone visage loomed ominously in the dark. It is Lord Raiders
  castle, Raider of the mist they called him because of his uncanny way of simply
  appearing. He made no sound as he walked. A man to be respected yet feared
  should you cross him. This story neither ends nor begins here but it is where
  I shall start it.  
The year is 2245. Many changes have come about over the last two centuries;
  some for the good of mankind, while others were used for more nefarious reasons
  and some for both. It is a time of both new space age miracles as well as the
  old ways. The feudal system was in place once again and you kept that which
  was yours through might and force. I was allied with the Raider of the Mist,
  not only because he was my dear friend but also because he was a warrior without
  equal. It is always wise to have a friend such as he.  
I walk down the steps to the dungeon, one of my favorite places in the castle.
  The sounds of moans and screams greet my ears as I open the door to the main
  dungeon. I smile, a cold and somewhat sinister smile. I am wearing a black
  leather bra, a leather mini skirt and my thigh high leather boots. My heels
  make a hollow sound as I cross the floor to one of the cells. Raider's female
  guard opens the door for me then holds the lantern high. The girl, I have come
  for, kneels in the center of the cell.  
&quot;Well, slut, it seems you have overstepped yourself yet again.&quot; The
  young woman lifted her head and stared at me, her eyes widened briefly in fear. &quot;Yes,
  Celeste, it is I, the Lady D'elle, I am here to visit with my friend Raider.
  He is not here as yet, so I thought I would prepare you for some fun."  
&quot;NO! You cannot touch me. I do not belong to you. You can do nothing.&quot; Celeste
  was barely 22. She had shown an aptitude for training the pony girls and a
  penchant for inflicting pain. She had not, however, developed a penchant for
  receiving it. In fact certain areas of her body were very sensitive to pain. &quot;YOU
  HAVE NO RIGHT TO TOUCH ME!!! You are as much a slave here as any of us." She
  screamed that last bit at me. I laughed at the girl.  
&quot;That is where you are wrong. You see I have a unique spot here when
  I come to visit. Raider and Raider alone rules here, never doubt that. He is
  Lord and Master of this castle. But he does not own me. I am here of my own
  free will. What we do, we do to our mutual benefit. I respect him greatly.
  I have a very healthy respect for him and his temper but I do not fear him.
  YOU, however, should fear him. He does OWN you. You are his property to do
  with as he pleases. I sent a messenger to find him and tell him about you.
  His reply is here in this letter the messenger brought back to me."  
He writes, "Welcome to Wolfs Lair Castle my D'elle, I am on my way. Please
  feel free to discipline any or all of my errant slaves. Especially celeste.
  Since you warned me of her before, you may do as  
you like to her, within reason of course," signed Raider. Smiling at the
  stunned girl I turned to the Guard. "She needs to be prepared for severe punishment."  
In minutes the guard, a buxom wench wearing only a loincloth and a band on
  her arm indicating her status as guard, had celeste dragged by her long red
  hair out to the cleansing room. Her trainers clothing was torn from her body.
  She would never again wear the symbol of a trainer. She struggled to no avail.
  Her feet were spread and locked to the posts that supported the hip high railing.
  Her head and arms were placed in the stocks.  
I stepped forward and grabbed celestes' beautiful locks and with one swipe
  of my knife, cut the girls thigh length hair off.  
&quot; NOOOOOOOO!&quot; She protested. I held the hair so she could see it.
  Laughing I ran it over her back.  
"This does not hurt now but perhaps I shall have it made into a whip to be
  used on your back. Smiling, I grabbed what little hair was left and pulled
  her head back so a band could be attached and her head held in place. Her eyes
  opened wide as she saw the guard approach holding a device with a thick ring
  in it. She had done it to others many times. She looked at me as if begging
  me not to disfigure her. The sound of the cartilage in her nose being pierced
  was drowned out by her scream of agony. The woman who liked to use her Lords
  property for her own purposes, fainted.  
I used the healing wand on her and brought her to with smelling salts. She
  watched me fixing a syringe.  
&quot;Don't worry celeste, this drug lasts for 24 hours. It will keep you
  awake no matter how much pain you experience. I would not want you  
to miss a thing." I shoved the needle into her nipple causing her to scream
  again. I held up a mirror to show her the thick ring in her nose. "I have matching
  ones for each nipple and your labia. You see...you will never train again.
  You will never be a pony girl. You will pull only the trash wagons or the dung
  wagons."  
I stepped back and watched the guard as she used the tool again and soon
  thick heavy rings pierced celestes' nipples. Because of the size of the rings
  and her very sensitive nipples the pain of each tender tip being mutilated
  was tripled. Her screams were music to my ears. At a nod from me they pulled
  on her labia and placed two rings on each side.  
"AIIIIYEEEEEEEEE NOOOOOO PLEEEEEEAASSEE." Her screams echoed in the dungeon
  and soon turned to moans. Her head was released and her nose ring hooked to
  the board below her so as to keep her head down. As I passed the healing wand
  over the new piercings the guard prepared to shave her head. It was done slowly
  and the camera zoomed in for a close up so that Raider could watch it at his
  leisure.  
First the hair was cut shorter. Then lathered with shaving cream. The  
guard chuckled to herself as she slowly shaved off all of the remains of
  celeste's beautiful hair. A special cream was smoothed over it to inhibit growth
  for up to a full year. Next came the cleansing enemas. Two full quarts each.  
&quot;Give her four and she is to hold each for 30 minutes. Use the large
  butt plug.&quot; I ordered. I smirked and stared into the girls eyes. &quot;Shave
  off the eyebrows as well and while you are at it, pierce her clit too. Then
  heal it." I watched as both eyebrows were slowly shaved away. I held up a mirror
  so that celeste could watch it being done to her.  
Then the guard pulled on celeste's clit and as she slowly pierced the tender
  flesh, the screams tore from the girls lungs.  
&quot; Isn't crystal power amazing? I asked celeste. "You can whip a slave
  nearly to death. Put her in the restorer and voila she is good as new. Turn
  the dial and you cause more pain then electricity could ever generate. The
  fun thing about it is no matter how high the voltage IT NEVER KILLS. You are
  a stupid whore. Did you think you killed the girl? You do not torture Raiders'
  property without his consent. She lived to tell of your abuse. Night after
  night you whipped and branded and cut these pony girls and restored them so
  no one would know. You are a fool to think you could do that and get away with
  it. You were to discipline only, but, no, it was not enough. You took it too
  far. Had you killed his slave you would be looking at death when he comes home. &quot; Start
  her enemas I shall be back.&quot;  
I watched as Raider approached the doors to the castle, his tall lean body
  encased in black leather.  
&quot;So what have you been doing to my property D'elle?&quot; I laughed
  and hugged him.  
&quot;Nothing much so far. Just the rings I told you of and of course the
  enemas. But don't worry, I have it all on holographic imagery for you. Every
  screaming detail up close and personal. You will be able to watch it over and
  over again.&quot; Raider laughed.  
&quot; You think you know me sooooooo well.&quot;  
&quot; I know you as well as you wish me to know you my friend. But I do
  know you like to watch the preparations too so I taped it&quot;.  
The girl knelt shaking on the floor. When she saw us she crawled to him and
  begged for mercy. She found none.  
&quot;Do as you like D'elle.... I shall watch.&quot;  
I nodded to the guards who locked her wrists behind her and took her to  
the wooden horse. Two pieces of wood formed an inverted V. She cried and
  struggled trying to break free.  
"NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! NOT this. Oh pleassssseee Master I am sorry. I will never
  disobey you again. PLEASEEEE have mercy!"  
Her struggles and protests were to no avail as she was lowered onto the point.
  The rings of her pussy lips were pulled down and attached to the horse so that
  she could not rise up. The point of the horse went deep into her slit. Her
  wrists were raised up behind her forcing her to bend over. A chain went from
  her nose ring to her clit. Her legs were chained together underneath the horse.
  The thin wire running along the point hooked to a crystal generator. The pain
  of the horse only increases it never fades and the current would make it even
  sweeter.  
Raider and I sat back and watched as we took turns jolting her with crystal
  power. Each jolt causing her excruciating pain, which was increased by her
  pulling on her nose and clit rings. Her screams and her jerking around on the
  horse turned us both on. My hand rubbed the bulge in Raiders' pants.  
&quot;MMMMM nice my Raider very nice.&quot; The devilish smile that played
  across his lips, gave way to a chuckle,  
&quot;Woman, what am I going to do with you?&quot; I simply leaned over  
and told him in detail.  
Part II celeste's torment  
Celestes cries of pain rose then faded with the discharge of current running
  through the wire along the point of the wooden horse. In between her cries
  of agony, she begged to be taken down. Nearly two hours had passed and if it
  had not been for the &quot;alert&quot; drug she would have passed out long
  before. I ordered her taken down but it was not to rest. I had only just begun.
  How dare she betray my Raider. She had much to learn.  
I pointed to what looked like a large half barrel on legs standing on a  
platform. Her legs were spread wide and chained to the wooden platform. Her
  body trembled as her ankles were secured and they bent her backwards over the
  barrel. Manacles were fastened to her wrists then chains from the platform
  were attached. I watched her eyes open in surprise as I pushed the button and
  the legs rose pulling her body taut.  
"AAAAAHHHHH nooooo, pleeeeeeeeassssse it hurts. It hurrrrrtttts."  
Slipping my leather gloves on I patted her face.  
&quot;It's suppose to hurt you stupid slut. We have not even begun to really
  hurt you. When we finish with you, you will be known as nag 427. That number
  will be branded on each breast, both ass cheeks and just above your pubic mound,
  as well as both inner thighs. There will never be a doubt that you are nothing
  more than a drudge pony. Pulling the shit  
wagons. Did I tell you that you must pick the shit up with your hands and
  load your own wagon?&quot;  
Knowing that my Raider watched I enjoyed tormenting the girl.  
My gloved hands roamed over her body. I do not have sex with women. I am
  far too straight for that. But touching them with gloved hands seems to make
  them feel used and worthless. I squeezed her breasts with my hands then slapped
  them hard.  
&quot;Yes indeed, it is a hard life as a nag horse. The brands show that
  you are the lowest form of slave there is. You will spend the rest of your
  life doing menial labor. Hard work." As I spoke, I attached a bungee type cord
  to each side of the barrel and attached the other end to her clit rings so
  her sex was totally exposed. I chuckled for it was obvious she was wet. The
  drug not only kept them awake but horny. It served two purposes, the latter
  being to keep her very aroused. Yet it took direct stimulation to allow her
  to cum, a very useful and fun drug. My leather gloves were rough on her skin
  as I pinched and pulled  
and rubbed her clit. She moaned in pleasure.  
&quot;Oh no slut, no cumming for you.&quot; Celeste moaned and begged me
  to let her cum. &quot; Oh you will have plenty of time for that slut. Oh, dear
  I forgot. You do not like men at all do you? Did you think you could fool your
  owner slut? My Rogue is not easily tricked by the likes of you. Anyway, the
  overseers are all male. VERY, VERY male. They do not  
receive much pay but they don't mind. Most are not hirable elsewhere. But
  they make good guards. You see they have free access to the nags. I picked
  up my red crop from the floor and smiled at Raider. I ran the crop up the inside
  of her leg nudging the girls' clit as I reached it.  
&quot;Yes indeed slut, they are going to have a good time using you.
    All your holes will be filled. You see they have access to you all day long.
    You will learn to see to their baser needs. Those needs go beyond just sex.
    In fact they go so far beyond that that there is a restorer machine in the
    guard's quarters. I tugged on her clit ring. Did you know for instance that
    the machine is sooooo good that if I ripped this ring out or your clit, the
    unit would repair you and we can re-pierce you? I chuckled at her gasp of
    horror. In fact, sometimes it repairs the brands if it gets set too high
    by accident or design and then we get to re-brand you."  
    
"NOOOOOOOOOOOO! PLEASE NO MORE. PLEAAAAAAAAAAAASE." Her whine was done very
  well but I do detest it so.  
I brought the crop down hard on her clit and she screamed. I did not watch
  her, I preferred to watch my Raider. The half smile on his face and his eyes
  darkened worked to make me shiver.  
I struck her clit over and over her cries of pain were music to my ears.
  I struck her tender inner thighs leaving tiger stripes down both thighs. MMMM,
  they looked good. I could see that my Raider enjoyed the show. I brought the
  crop down on her belly and then I struck her tits.  
I held each breast up by the nipple ring as I hit it with the crop.  
She screeched as I worked all the way around both breasts then back down
  to her pussy. I loved her cries of pain and could feel myself growing wet.  
"Did I tell you how they whip the nags daily? Ten in the morning, ten at
  noon and ten at night and did I tell you that you must hang on to the rings
  dangling from the ceiling and spread your legs to allow  
them to do it? If you let go or fail to obey, it's doubled daily for a month.&quot; I
  laughed at the horrified look on her face before I had her taken off the barrel.  
&quot;Don't be too relieved slut. I have something for you to do.  
It's time to see that the crops inside the keep are watered. You are going
  to be fastened to the water wheel and you will turn it. But I do not want you
  to get lazy. That just would not do.&quot; Smiling I showed her the rubber
  pants with the two dildo's. She watched as the guards put on special rubber
  gloves and began smearing a greenish paste on them.  
"It's a hot pepper paste with itching powder mixed in."  
&quot;NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! Oh, god please nooooooooooo. Not that, NOOOO!!!  
She shrieked and struggled to be free.  
&quot;Put the catheter in her. Did you know that we have a liquid solution
  of the pepper paste?&quot; I laughed out loud and could hear Raider chuckling
  as I filled her bladder with the pepper solution and inflated the catheter.
  The two dildos were inserted into her anus and vagina and more paste smeared
  on her clit. Paste was also put on her nipples. Which would cause her more
  pain. She was taken to the wheel and her nipple rings were locked to it. &quot;If
  you fall the rings will rip out and we will begin again. As for incentive,
  200 full turns will do the watering. The sooner you are done the sooner the
  pain and itching will be gone. Move it! I shouted and brought the crop down
  on her ass.  
Her body shuddered and she moaned while the pain filled her being. As she
  walked she did sort of a dance because not only did it feel like fire, she
  itched from it. Raider was laughing at her dance but I could tell he was aroused.
  Her gyrations were humorous to watch as she tried to ease the itch between
  her legs and from her nipples. It was of course impossible. I ordered one of
  the female guards to use the dressage whip to keep her moving and not just
  trying to free herself from the pain and horrible itching. The guard would
  snap the dressage whip, striking her nicely rounded buttocks every few minutes.  
It took celeste some time to complete the task I had given her. Raider and
  I had rested while she labored at the wheel that supplied the water for the
  garden inside the walls of the keep. I signaled to the guards to release her
  from the wheel. She stumbled to Raider, as he sat back in his chair watching.
  When she reached him she fell to her knees.  
&quot;Oh please my Master, please no more. I promise to be the best and most
  obedient slave you have. PLEASE!!!!! NO MORE. I cannot take it.&quot;  
Raider stroked his goatee as he sat staring at her. Then he began to laugh, &quot;I
  never realized what a whiney piece of shit you are. I am not sure you are even
  fit to pull the dung wagon here.&quot; Raider reached down and gripped her
  chin. &quot;You dare beg for mercy? Where was your mercy to my ponies? You
  had NONE. You dare to take what is mine and use them as if they belonged to
  you. NO ONE takes what is MINE. NO ONE!!!!!! Least of all a slut like you.&quot; As
  he spoke, he let his hand move to her breasts. He took hold of her nipple and
  pinched and twisted it.  
"AAAAAArggggggHHHHHHHH!!!!" she shrieked  
 &quot; You have not begun to suffer as yet. But you will.&quot; He stood
  up and walked around her. &quot;Chain her to my new toy,&quot; he ordered the
  guard. The new toy was a rotating frame. Two large posts on the outside  
supported the inner frame.  
Raider watched as the guards chained the girl to the four corners of the
  frame. Her lithe body was pulled taut. The flickering flames of the lit torches
  made the sweat, that clung to her torso, shine in the light. He ran his hands
  down her sides.  
&quot;So you think you have suffered enough? I have not yet begun with  
you." He stroked up her inner thigh as I watched from his chair. Her body
  quivered at his touch. He smiled at her then slapped her inner thigh hard.
  She gasped at the sudden assault. He did not stop at one slap. He hit both
  thighs several times as she moaned and gasped. Tears ran down her cheeks. He
  walked away from her and stood before a wall of whips, paddles, straps, and
  canes.  
He selected what I call a man made switch. It was similar in size and flexibility
  but longer. Raider was very good at using it and I settled back for the show.
  He let her see it, even swishing it in the air before her. She shook her head
  no and he smiled. Not a friendly smile, but one of cruel and sinister intentions.
  The switch struck her belly.  
&quot;AAAAHHHHHH NOOOOOOO!!!!&quot; she cried. He traced the welt with his
  finger. Then he began in earnest. The switch rose and fell with  
speed. One scream blended into the next as he slashed at her back and breasts.  
&quot;PLEASE MASTER...NO MORE PLEEEEASEEE!&quot; She screamed.  
He covered her body from neck to knee with one stripe after another. She
  writhed in pain as his assault continued. The salty sweat of her body caused
  the welts to burn more. He was breathing heavy as he motioned me to come near.
  He handed the switch to me then rotated  
the frame so she was nearly vertical. Her head was only slightly elevated.
  I watched as he unfastened his pants. His cock was rock hard. I reached over
  and stroked the length of it with my hand. His eyes grew darker as I guided
  him to her. He rammed himself into her cunt. She was slick with her own juices.  
Despite her dislike of pain, she was wet. Smiling he pulled out and I spread
  her ass cheeks wide. She gasped and cried out.  
&quot;NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! OH NO NOT THERE.&quot; I watched as he pressed the
  tip of his cock into the tiny opening. Her moan turned to a shriek of pain
  as he thrust his full length into her.  
"AAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHH!!!!!!" I brought the switch down on her back.
  Each time he slammed into her I struck her back. As he picked up the pace of
  his thrusts, I targeted her breasts. Her screams were loud and her pain was
  thrilling. I watched Raiders face as each thrust of his swollen cock brought
  her more pain.  
His body stiffened, his back arched and a growl escaped his lips as he came.
  I hit her harder and faster to heighten his pleasure. Finally, his body shuddering,
  he withdrew from her. She sobbed and pleaded again for mercy. He lowered her
  a bit and walked to her head. He sneered at her.  
&quot;There is NO mercy for you slut. Lick me clean and be quick about it.&quot; I
  watched as she obeyed him. I whispered in his ear and he chuckled. &quot;Not
  my usual thing but what the hell.&quot; He told her to wrap her  
lips tightly around his cock, Again she obeyed. &quot;Now then you filthy
  nag, I need to piss and if you spill one drop we will begin again with your
  punishments.&quot; Celeste gulped frantically as Raider relieved himself down
  her throat. It was the ultimate in humiliation for her.  
I motioned for her to be removed from the frame. Raider watched and smiled
  as she was led to a special chair. Celeste protested some when she saw the
  two rather large dildos in the seat of it. I pressed a few controls to show
  her that they went up and down and whirled around and small knobs would come
  out and then small needles. Only the needles retracted when it spun around.
  Then I showed her the knob that turned on the power to both. She was strapped
  into the chair after being forced onto the two dildos. Her legs were wide apart.
  Then I showed her the one feature that she had not seen. I pushed the button
  that made them stretch her with their girth. She gasped and shuddered. I moved
  the one in her cunt up and down and twirled it. At a nod  
from me one of the guards began to rub her clit. Celeste moaned.  
&quot;OOH yesssssssssssss.&quot;  
Her eyes closed in ecstasy. As her need built I watched her. Just as the
  moment of pleasure arrived I sent the needles into her and a long jolt of current
  set on high. Her scream was so shrill it hurt our ears. Raider was visibly
  amused by it, as was I.  
We continued this form of torture several more times. Her pussy was dripping
  wet but she was not allowed to cum. Later she would be allowed relief so she
  could experience the punishment for it. I could hardly wait. But first we had
  things to do to her. So many things, so little time to do them.  
I handed the guard a special head harness. It started with a wide collar.
  The straps went over the top of her head and were attached by two straps that
  went around the back of her skull. To these straps could be fitted many things.  
Smiling I started with the first attachment. I showed her the nose hook before
  hooking her nostrils and pulling it over top of her head and down the back
  to the collar. I patted her cheek.  
&quot;Nice little pig girl. &quot;Open your mouth wide nag, I forced the
  metal spreader into her mouth and hooked it to the sides of the harness. Smiling
  I picked up a pair of pliers and gripped her tongue. &quot; Now then nag we
  have a few more piercings for you."  
Looking over at the woman who had pierced her earlier, I told her to use
  four large pleasure studs and the large center ring.  
Celestes head was strapped to the back of the chair. I explained as the first
  one was inserted in her tongue. Her scream echoed in the room.  
"The pleasure studs are not for you nag, but for the men you will service
  with your mouth. Each stud is nicely rounded so as to give more pleasure to
  him but the studs also have another purpose. They can be set to pleasure frequency
  and enhance the oral stimulation." Each of the four studs were slowly put into
  place. Celeste was sobbing now. Her moans and groans and grunts were so amusing.  
The thick ring hurt the most as it was placed at the tip in the center. The
  wand healed the piercings so there would be no infections. I did not tell her
  the studs could also be used to shock her. She would soon find out about that.  
I turned on the two dildos and let them pump into both orifices as she was
  prepared for the next step. A wooden tray was brought in and placed under her
  breasts and locked to the chair back. Another smaller one was placed under
  her chin and locked to the back of the chair. The guard took her tongue ring
  and pulled her tongue out and hooked it to the board. She could not move. I
  selected the tiny brand made up of three numbers 427 put together. They were
  not quite as wide as her tongue. I showed the white hot iron to her just before
  placing it on  
her tongue. The sizzle was loud but not as loud as her shriek.  
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE" I lifted the iron
  and the perfect 427 was burned into her tongue. Raider standing near by, a
  slave kneeling before him, yelled &quot;YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!&quot; Tears streamed
  down celestes' face.  
Her tongue was healed with the wand. &quot;The brand will give a man pleasure
  also.&quot;  
The wooden tray was removed and her newly branded tongue was once again behind
  the metal mouth spreader. Next a metal device was placed over her left breast.  
"Three neat squares." I explained to her, &quot;You see we could make the
  three letters in one brand. But what fun would that be? Why none, of course.
  SOOOOO we are going to do everything three times and these squares will make
  sure that all is even.&quot; Her eyes widened in horror.  
I picked up the first brand.  
"See the lovely number four? The brand was white hot. I slowly moved it toward
  the first square and set it down into it, The smell of burning flesh and the
  sounds of her shrieks and grunts as I made sure it burned deeply. Her breathing
  was harsh and raspy as I put the iron back in the brazier for future use. I
  showed her the number two. Smiling I held it close to her face before placing
  it next to the four. Then came the seven and she shrieked before I touched
  her. It was wonderful. Raider thought so as well, while another of the slaves
  saw to his needs. I stepped back as the metal frame was placed on the other
  breast. Smiling, I handed the first iron to my friend and I watched Raider
  as he teased and taunted her with the brands before placing them  
on her flesh. I had to leave and come back into the room I was so turned
  on.  
When I entered I saw the squares had been arranged across her forehead. The
  girl was bleating in fear as Raider got the brands ready. This time he teased
  her a bit more.  
&quot;Maybe I should brand your cheeks too.&quot; Celeste was frantic.  
"ughhh naaaaaah annnnnnaaaoooo. He pressed the four into her forehead.   
AAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! When he was done he stepped back to admire
  his handiwork.  
&quot;Nicely done my Raider.&quot; I told him in my husky voice.  
&quot;Yes I think so too.&quot; All during the branding both dildos had been
  pumping inside her.  
&quot;Mustn't cum nag. Remember that.&quot; I reminded her as I set the voltage
  on high and she stiffened in the chair. Her screams were becoming more and
  more hoarse. We had been at this all day. Torture does seem to wear out the
  victim. Thank heavens for the alert drug. I do hate for  
them to miss one moment of pain.  
Next the top of each thigh was branded three times. Once again the irons
  were reheated.  
I smiled and set the voltage to the low setting. Pleasure filled her. Her
  orgasm was quite beautiful to watch. Her whole body shuddered and her groan
  was one of pure animal lust. Raider smiled, he kissed her baldhead. His voice
  was soft as he spoke to her.  
&quot;Did you enjoy that my sweet? I hope so. Your punishment for cumming
  without permission is going to be severe. To begin with we will add to your
  brands. One of my men has designed a special branding iron for women. You shall
  be the first to test it out.&quot;  
At his nod she was removed from the chair. First she was placed bent over
  the half barrel. Straps held her in place so her ass could be branded. Followed
  by the backs of her thighs. Each time the brands  
touched her tender flesh her screams grew fainter.  
Next she was taken to an examination table and her legs put in supports.
  Her legs were bent at the knee and strapped into place. Raider pushed her legs
  wide apart. He laughed at her look of horror when she saw the next brand. It
  looked like two small spatulas put together. She could see the numbers on both
  sides.  
&quot;Can you guess where this goes?&quot; He asked with a wicked grin.  
Laughing he pulled on the rings on one side of her pussy. Pulling them out
  as the guard clamped the branding iron to it. The sizzling pussy meat was the
  only sound at first as the brand burned into the outside and inside of the
  labia. The indrawn breath hissed between her teeth then the scream, loud and
  long and wailing as the pain rocked her already abused body. As the wailing
  died away Raider smiled and showed her the second similar brand.  
&quot;No, oh please no Master,&quot; her voice no more than a whisper. He
  said nothing just nodded and she closed her eyes with a sigh. They flew open
  again as the second brand seared her pussy. She laid there, a sobbing quivering
  mess. The healing wand was used not out of mercy but to prevent infection setting
  in. Next Raider burned the number into her lower abdomen. The last two irons
  were ready. We watched as the first one was placed on the sole of her left
  foot. Her body stiffened and her eyes flew open. Her mouthed opened in a soundless
  scream that seemed to go on forever. She barely had time to recover before
  the right foot also bore the number 427. She was made to stand on her newly
  branded feet and walk to the mirror so she could see her new adornments. Raider
  tugged on the large nipple rings.  
&quot;They look like door knockers.&quot; He laughed at her look of horror.
  Bald and branded and pierced. She would never again be the beautiful Mistress
  Celeste. Sobbing she fell to the floor.  
&quot;The best part of this all, is that we are not finished punishing you.  
Unfortunately I must leave on business for awhile and my friend the Lady
  D'elle must return home for a time. But we shall play with you more in a week
  or two. Then you will be set to work on the dung wagons.&quot; He turned to
  the guard, &quot;You have your instructions, take this scum bag away.&quot;  
Raiders Dungeon  
Part 3  
The confession  
A week had passed since I paid a visit to my Raiders' castle. He had business
  to take care of elsewhere. Celestes punishments were being postponed. She was
  being kept in the dungeon and made to ride the horse four hours every day.
  She was becoming quite meek and would indeed be more so when all her punishments
  were completed. When she was not on the horse she was placed in a tiny stone
  cell and bound in one of the many painful positions used to promote total cooperation.  
I had just received word that my friend Raider was coming to see me at my
  estate. His room was in readiness should he choose to use it. I had no idea
  how long he would stay. Whatever he chose to do, all was in readiness. I had
  even selected two female slaves for him. Both were fairly tall and slender
  with firm tits and tight pussies. Both had been warned that should Lord Raider
  find fault with them for any reason they would be punished severely every day
  for the next six months. I tolerated no failures in a trained slave and few
  in an untrained one.  
I had planned a grand feast for my friend Raider and went about checking
  out the details. I had many slaves both male and female. I prefer female but
  there is good money in the male slaves as well. I was thinking of breeding
  them but it's such a long process and we can always get more by raiding other
  districts. Although, we seem to have an endless supply of those sentenced to
  slavery instead of prison.  
Prisons were an unproductive waste of time.  
The young and beautiful were sold at auction. The others worked for the Lords
  seeing to the roads and working in the deep mines for the crystal. I had some
  working my fields. I prefer better looking ones but then most of mine are.
  House slaves who displease me go to the fields for a week or a month or more.
  They are most obedient when they get back. The overseers are not very kind.  
I dare not go by the training grounds. I like them too much. I spend a great
  deal of time there. I must see to the banquet. I want my Raider to meet the
  other Lords who are loyal to him in a more congenial setting. The banquet would
  be held the next day and I hoped it would be as pleasant as this day was for
  it would be held outside. The tall pillars that lined the paved walkway were
  being readied, as were the lounges around the pool. The long table was in readiness.
  The invitations had gone out. The Dom and Dommes of the area would be  
here. My Raider needed to meet the people he guarded and they needed to meet
  him. He was not the most social of men. But they needed to see that he was
  a good man, one to be trusted. One they could be loyal to. One it would be
  wise not to betray.  
Lord Raider arrived just as I was about to go down and inspect the new slaves
  that had just arrived. Over the next few days my trainers would find out what
  each one was capable of doing. Then they would evaluate them as to their beauty,
  their personalities, what they needed to learn or unlearn and teach them my
  number 1 and 2 rules. Disobedience of any kind is not allowed and will be severely
  punished and hesitation no matter how slight is considered disobedience.  
&quot;Would you like to come with me and watch the processing or would you
  like to go to your room and rest?&quot; He laughed.  
&quot;You worry too much about my resting. I slept well last night and have
  heard of your state of the art processing tube. I would like to see it.&quot;  
&quot;Then you shall my dear Raider.&quot; We looked as if we had planned
  our clothing together.  
I was dressed all in black, my tight pants and knee boots blending together,
  my silk shirt was open at the neck and I had left my long auburn hair undone.
  Raider also wore black pants that clung to his masculine thighs quite nicely
  I thought, black knee boots and a black shirt and black leather vest.  
The male and female trainers were lining up the frightened new slaves as
  I appeared. Each slave had her wrists bound before her and her wrists were
  placed on a hook at the entrance to the processing tunnel. I smiled as they
  were then stripped and raised off the ground and their legs spread painfully
  wide apart and attached to the tracks on the sides of the tunnel. The tunnel
  was open for viewing the process. I explained to Raider what was going to happen.  
Each slave would be a few feet behind the other. First they passed through
  the depilatory light. All superfluous body hair was removed permanently. Next
  came the humiliating enemas. A tube entered the rectum, filled the bowels,
  held it there, then allowed her to release it. This was repeated twice more.
  The cries and whimpering this brought  
about pleased both of us.  
Then like in the car washes of the 20 th  Century,
  power sprays washed, disinfected, and brushes scrubbed them all over. A tube
  douched them with a medicated cleansing agent then another forcefully rinsed
  it out. After that the blowers dried them.  
Next came the med-scan unit. It would detect any and all physical and mental
  problems within the slave. Once out of the tunnel each was then placed in the
  med-tube, which was powered by the crystal. They would be repaired if necessary
  and then the implants would be placed inside each slave..  
First the sterilization implant, a very useful item for a female slave. It
  meant she would not be able to breed without permission but it also stopped
  all menstrual flows until it was removed. So a Master would not be inconvenienced
  once a month. Then tiny microscopic chips were placed in each nipple and her
  clit using a needle to do so. I liked the process because it was painful. The
  sterilization implant was also done without benefit of a painkiller. I watched
  the unit insert the  
chips. Each of the needles went into the center of the nipple and back about
  and inch.  
Piercings would not interfere with its functions. I could see that Raider
  liked this part as much as I did and I explained that it was not only a tracking
  device it was also a punishment device. Each chip was set to a certain number.
  That would be the slaves number and would be calibrated to respond to a control
  monitor in the handle of one of the guards stimmers. (a crystal powered cattle
  prod only it was three times as painful). The guards would point the crystal
  stimmer in  
a slaves direction and press the button on the it. Pain or pleasure could
  be generated up to 500 feet away. The guards used it to keep control over the
  slaves as they went about their chores. The chips also increased the slaves'
  libido. This discovery was not in the design but found by accident.  
Their nipples and clit were made very sensitive to both pain and pleasure.
  I enjoyed this because I did not allow masturbation, either self or mutually
  reciprocated. Even when used sexually by the guards they were not allowed to
  cum without permission. They were kept in a constant state of arousal. Orgasms
  are a privilege.  
The entire process was done in 20 minutes, even with its many functions.
  I watched as they were made to stand for inspection. While I would keep a few
  most would be trained for sale. Once trained they rarely amused me. I like
  my slaves to make mistakes. Unlike a Master and a slave I preferred them not
  to enjoy what I do to them. It makes it more enjoyable for me.  
This group was quite good from what I could see. I saw the Asian twins stand
  side by side. I motioned to the guard. &quot;The twins, they are to be specially
  trained. They will be sold as a pair. See to it they know how to pleasure both
  male and female in all ways and especially with each other.&quot; During the
  medtube evaluation, small tubes probed inside both the vagina and rectum for
  problems. The side effect being that both passages were made tighter but very
  elastic. It was, I am told like fucking a virgin each and every time. Both
  openings would  
stretch, albeit painfully, to accommodate large objects without tearing.
  Then,they would go back into shape for the next time. This saved a considerable
  amount of repairs to the barracks whores.  
&quot;Well, what do you think of my tunnel?&quot; Raider, who had been silent
  throughout the processing, turned and grinned at me.  
&quot;D'elle you have a winner here. It's all so impersonal. You let  
them know right from the start that they are slaves. Who came up with this
  for you?&quot;  
&quot;One of my male slaves. I cannot free him because he was sentenced to
  a  
life term for the killing of a someone.&quot; If you like I can have him
  set one up in the room next to your dungeon.&quot; He nodded but seem distracted.
  Then I too saw her. I motioned to the guard, &quot;Is the brunette with the
  large tits drugged?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, My Lady, she knows every thing that is being done to her but  
cannot resist it.&quot; I smiled and nodded to Raider.  
&quot;Go ahead, but NO shaving the head. The drug will wear off in an hour
  or so. Then she will be able to move. Right now she moves in such slow motion
  it seems as if she is not at all. But she hears and feels all.&quot;  
Raider stepped forward and grabbed her by the hair, jerking her head back.
  Her eyes darkened in anger. &quot;So, the slut has fire does  
she? Well, we shall see what can be done to make her understand that she
  is now a slave.&quot; The guard stepped forward,  
&quot;Lord Raider, the wench was taken when our men stopped a raid on one
  of the villages within our border. She is from Morgana Dupree's sector.&quot;  
The guard stepped back as Raiders eyes darkened. &quot;Is that so?&quot;  
&quot;Y-y-yes sir. She bit one of the men bad enough to make him bleed.&quot; Raider
  turned to the girl,  
&quot;So, you think you can steal from my people. I shall teach  
you the error of your ways. I love the fact that one can be brought so close
  to the edge of death and restored over and over again. It does make it fun
  to see how much one person can endure.&quot; Raider turned to me, &quot;You
  will allow me to have fun with her won't you my D'elle?&quot; He could tell
  I was furious.  
&quot;The raid took place on my land Raider. I, too, wish to see to her torment.&quot;  
An hour later the drug was completely gone from her system. I had her chained
  to the rotating frame similar to the one Raider had in his dungeon. Her lithe
  body was pulled taut. Her legs spread, arms stretched wide above her head.
  Her full rounded breasts stuck up firm and proud. I slid on the leather gloves
  I always wore during a session.  
Raider watched as I ran my hands over her back and ass then over her breasts.
  I pinched her nipples hard and twisted them. She did not  
make a sound and I smiled. I walked away and returned with a pair of pliers.
  I gripped one nipple with the pliers and pulled hard then twisted. I heard
  Raider in the background, &quot;YESSSS!!!&quot; Smiling I took the other nipple
  and applied the pliers to it. Sweat now beaded her forehead and the muscles
  in her neck stood out but she made no sound. I walked away and returned with
  a syringe filled with the alert drug. The needle was long and thicker than
  most. I again gripped her nipple in the pliers and shoved the needle in straight.
  As the burning liquid  
entered her, she screamed. I only injected half the contents, the other half
  was for her other breast. It was Raiders turn now. I turned to him,  
&quot;She is all yours to use.&quot;  
He watched her eyes as he ran his hands over her body. She did not like his
  touch yet had not flinch when D'elle touched her. He played with her bruised
  nipples then sucked on them. His hand wandered down her belly and he ran his
  finger between her nether lips.  
He rubbed her clit and pulled on it. She grew wet and he laughed.  
&quot;You are a slut aren't you?&quot; Chuckling to himself he walked over
  to the wall and selected the braided cat. She could not see him nor did she
  see him bring his arm back and swing the cat. The nine braided leather tentacles
  struck her back hard. She gasped at the pain and as it struck again the air
  escaped her lungs in a scream. He did not hesitate but continued to strike
  her back, her ass and her thighs as hard  
as he could. Her body bore the signs of each of the nine knotted braids.
  He moved to the front and struck her breasts.  
&quot;NOOOOOOOOOO PPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLEEEEAAAAAAASEEEEE STOP!!!!!!!!!&quot; Raider
  ignored her pleas. He struck her belly and thighs over and over before returning
  to her breasts. At his nod I rotated the inside  
frame that she was attached to. He continued whipping her breasts, only now
  he struck the tender undersides.  
&quot;AAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGHHHH!!!!&quot; She shrieked.  
Then he brought all nine braided strands down on her exposed pussy. The scream
  was shrill.  
"aaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeee. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
  more PLEEEEEAAASE NO MORE."  
He paid no attention to her pleas as he struck more than twenty times. I
  smiled and offered my encouragement, which consisted of the words HARDER and
  AGAIN. He laughed but complied with my request.  
Some of the many stripes bled and the salt from her sweat stung them. Raider,
  did not pause in his work. He had her taken down and laid on the special rack
  like table. Her feet were held by separate wooden stocks for the table could
  splt and her legs spread wide. Her wrists were held by rope wound around a
  wheel which he turned until her body was pulled so tight another inch and her
  shoulders and hips would be pulled from their sockets. Her feet were held to
  the board by a band.  
&quot;The feet are so tender. I know you do not like feet D'elle, but shall
  I show you just how tender?&quot;  
&quot;By all means Raider, please do.&quot; As if I didn't already know this.  
Using a slender rod he proceeded to strike the soles of her feet. She howled
  in pain but could not move. Her head rolled back and forth and her cries of
  pain seem to echo in the room. He said nothing and only her screams and the
  thwacking sound, as the rod hit her tender feet, could be heard.  
He put the rod down and selected a long needle. The stainless steel needle
  was T shaped. He jabbed it into her heel and her shriek of pain was repeated
  with each stab into the tender flesh. He finally stopped and over fifty small
  holes were bleeding on each foot. He returned with a leather case and I smiled.
  I knew what he had. The case held special flat stainless steel probes. The
  thin flat portion could be easily  
pushed under a nail. The flat part tapered and became round with a ball on
  top.  
He began with the little toe of her right foot. He slowly and deliberately
  pushed the probe under the nail.  
&quot;AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! NOOOOOOO!! Oh pleeeeeeeaaaasssse
  NO.&quot; Then he repeated the processs on the next toe and on to the big toe,
  which seemed to hurt the worst. All five toes had a the round ball sticking
  straight up. As he began to do the same to the other foot she sobbed and begged
  him not to. When he finished the other foot I watched as he began wiggling
  each of the probes and I smiled at the pain it caused her. She strained her
  body trying desperately to free herself and escape the pain. He walked to her
  head.  
&quot;It has occurred to me that you must have information I can use to find
  Morgana. I want it.&quot; Her breathing was raspy,  
&quot;I will never betray my leader.&quot; She gasped the words out slowly.  
He merely chuckled. &quot;Oh yes you will.&quot; Smiling he turned the wheel
  and watched as first her shoulders pulled apart at the socket then her hips.
  I had thought her screams were loud before but they had been nothing. The sound
  bounced over the stone walls and those in cells awaiting their fate, shuddered.  
&quot;Tell me what I want to know slut.&quot; He walked to her feet and using
  a just a small amount of pressure as he took hold of the probe on her toe.
  He pulled the nail back then ripped it off. The little toes were first and
  caused her to grunt. Each toe became more painful as he pulled the nail from
  the toe then off. The big toe he did slowly  
and her words were mumbled and interspersed with screams.  
&quot;The beauty of it is I can have you restored and we can do this again.
  The sobbing girl looked at him in horror as he motioned for the guards to take
  her to the med tube. They were none to gentle with her as they tossed her limp
  body about.  
It took less than five minutes to restore her body to perfect health. I do
  so love the med tube. Raider motioned to the guards and she was placed on a
  table and spread wide. He pushed over the crystal generator and unrolled the
  cords. Smiling that cold smile of his, he placed the clamp on her left nipple
  and tightened it. He repeated this with her right nipple. This time she moaned.
  Then he fastened one to her clit and she shrieked and begged him to stop.  
&quot;Tell me where Morgana is and you shall go free from here.&quot; When
  she did not answer he turned on the generator and gave her the first wave of
  power. Her body stiffened and her back arched. Pain filled her. &quot;I can
  do this all day and night girl. Tell me what I want to know and end your torment.&quot;  
When she said nothing he set the voltage higher and turned it on. Her body
  arched. Her nipples grew rock hard as the current flowed into the tender tips
  filling her with pain. Her screams once again echoed in the dungeon.  
&quot;Tell me what I want to know.&quot; Again silence. He upped the voltage
  and turned it on. Her body shook and her screams had become unearthly. The
  pain was far more excruciating than the electricity of old. This time when
  he turned off the power she sobbed as she gave him the information he wanted.  
&quot;Take her to the training cells, &quot; I ordered. &quot;Morgana, will
  be brought here, am I correct my Raider?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, my bloodthirsty D'elle. Now then, did you say I have two nubile
  young beauties awaiting me?&quot; I laughed and shook my head.  
&quot;Yes, Raider, two buxom beauties for your pleasure.&quot; He gave me
  a hug, and was bounding up the steps. I shook my head and wondered when or
  if he would ever change. As I walked back up the stairs I wondered what the
  girls name was. Ah well, there was a feast to prepare  
Part IV Bacchanal  
The day dawned bright and cheery. The temperature would be neither too hot
  nor too cold. I lay in my bed, not yet willing to get up. The door opened quietly
  and I watched as theresa tip toed in.  
&quot;OH! You are a wake MiLady!&quot; She exclaimed.  
&quot;Yes, but I do not wish to be. Is that coffee I smell?&quot; Giggling
  she approached the bed.  
&quot;Yes MiLady. Lord Raider thought you might need it.&quot;  
&quot;He is up already?&quot; I sounded incredulous.  
&quot;Oh yes MiLady. Shall I fetch you a robe?&quot;  
&quot;Thank you theresa, yes, I guess I shall have to go down and join him.&quot; Giggling
  again, she mumbled,  
&quot;As if that is a hardship....breakfast with a handsome Lord.&quot; I
  shook  
my head.  
&quot;How did I ever end up protecting such a gentle slave?&quot; I asked
  sarcastically.  
&quot;Just lucky I guess MiLady.&quot; She replied, choking back a chuckle.
  I slipped on my robe and tied it around me. As I passed her, I swatted her
  ass.  
&quot;Gentle but cheeky slave.&quot; Her laughter trailed after me.  
I walked out into the first section of the back lawn of my home. There seated
  at the table was Raider, also wearing a robe. On the lawn stood a naked girl,
  her arms behind her head, her legs spread wide.  
&quot;Morning D'elle. One of your burly guards brought this lovely slut up
  here for you. I told him I could watch her just fine.  
&quot; Yes, this is one of three that I am looking at to be my personal  
slave. I am selling ilsa, to Lord Dartmore.&quot; Raider looked at me,  
&quot;Isn't she a lez?&quot; He smiled, already knowing the answer  
&quot;Yes,&quot; I smiled, &quot;She is very lez. She has become obsessed
  with me and  
it bores me. I warned her but she paid no heed. So after tonight, she belongs
  to him. I will tell her just as he takes her away.&quot; I turned as theresa
  approached, followed by a slave girl bearing a tray of food for us. Theresa
  handed me my leather gloves.  
&quot;I thought you might want these M'Lady.&quot; She giggled and blushed.  
&quot;That was thoughtful of you little one.&quot; Blushing, she backed away.
  Raider looked at her  
then me.  
&quot;Who is she?&quot; He raised and eyebrow in question.  
&quot;That is theresa, personal slave to Lord Frederick. He is away on business
  and has asked me to be her Protectress. She is a gentle  
creature with an enormous appetite for watching other peoples pain.&quot;  
I laughed, for her face had turned beet red. &quot;As you can see, I am right.&quot; The
  slave poured more coffee while I slipped on my gloves and walked over to the
  girl.  
I ran my gloved hand down her back, then over the protruding belly filled
  with water.  
&quot;To lose control is to be disobedient to me,&quot; I whispered to her.
  I could almost feel her fear as I ran a gloved finger between her slit and
  flicked her clit, then pinched it hard. Her muscles strained and I chuckled.
  I walked back to theresa and asked her to bring me some things. I watched as
  she hurried away and returned in only a few minutes.  
&quot;Thank you theresa, you need to eat. You may bring your food out here
  if you like.&quot; I walked over to the girl and handed her two adjustable
  clamps both of which were attached to the ends of a stretchy cord.  
&quot;You will attach this one to the left lip, pass the cord around your
  hips and this to your right lip. You are to make sure that the clamps are tight.&quot; I
  walked back to the table and picked up my coffee cup, sipping the hot liquid
  as the trembling girl obeyed. She made no sound save for the intake of air
  through clenched teeth as the tiny needles sank into her tender labia. She
  passed the cord behind her and pulled  
on it to fasten the other clamp. She shut her eyes as a wave of fresh pain
  passed over her. Raider nodded in approval. I tossed her two weighted clamps.  
&quot;Fasten these to your nipples then stand as you were.&quot; The girl
  obeyed. Her body tense now, as she struggled not to release her bladder. I
  sat down and enjoyed my breakfast, the other item theresa had brought for me,
  a thin flexible plastic rod, lay on the table. &quot;So, are you going to go
  and bring back Morgana?&quot; I asked Raider.  
&quot;I was, but if I go it makes her too important. I sent Sir Roark to
  bring her. He will let me know when he approaches the town. I have plans for
  the traitoress. Pledge allegiance to me and all here then betray us to our
  enemy Ragnor. We lost many of our people to him because of her. Many widows
  and orphans, for Ragnor takes no male prisoners.&quot;  
&quot;Yes,&quot; I responded, &quot;I am all to well aware of that. I care
  not what you do as long as I am here to see it.&quot; I picked up the slender
  rod and walked to the girl and without warning struck her thigh hard.  
&quot;AHHHH!!&quot; she cried out.  
&quot; SILENCE  !!!,&quot; I shouted, then stepped back.
  This was not about her, this anger inside me, I took a deep breath and struck
  again. This time I did not strike as hard. I continued to move around her body
  striking here and there. I brought the rod up between her legs and she groaned
  loudly. I struck her ass repeatedly and then the backs of her thighs. Then
  up between her legs. She brought her thighs together and groaned.  
&quot;oooooooooooooohhhhhh noooooooo please Mistress.&quot; She cried out.  
&quot;Stand up and spread your legs wide.&quot; I ordered. She obeyed.  
I tapped her breasts lightly at first then faster and harder. Her body trembled.
  I tugged on the clamps then slowly pulled them off. I watched as the nipple
  stretched and the clamp snapped the tip, pinching it cruelly. Her cries were
  pure and melodic. I rubbed the tip and she whimpered. I repeated this with
  her other nipple. Smiling I stepped back. Using the rod I began tapping her
  clit.  
Not hard, not soft. Nice and steady, the rhythm getting to her. Her eyes
  flew open as she released the contents of her bladder.  
&quot;OOOOOOOOH NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!! She cried out in horror and shame.  
I turned to Raider, &quot;The two losers go to the fields for a month.&quot;  
I laughed and tossed her the rod and sent her back to the training hall. &quot;One
  down and two to go.&quot; Raider just shook his head and  
said he was off to his room for a shower. I sat and watched the preparations
  for the party.  
I was going all out for this party. The decadence would be appalling and
  all would have a good time.  
As the sun started to set, the guests began arriving. Pony carts pulled by
  buxom young women brought them around the manor to the back and into the garden.  
Between each set of pillars a girl hung naked upside down, her legs spread
  wide. Stuck in her vagina was a large candle. Its flame flickered in the breeze.
  Before long it would start to drip. Their arms were bound at wrist and elbow
  and then tied to the large dildo in their rectum. Each was silenced with a
  penis gag. No sense disturbing the guests with their begging. All guests would
  be personally served by either a male slave or a female slave of his or her
  choosing, depending upon their tastes. Raider and I joined the group. Neither
  of us particularly liked large groups but this was necessary for his leadership.  
&quot;Nice candle holders D'elle.&quot; He chuckled.  
&quot;My dear you ain't seen nothing yet.&quot; I replied.  
&quot;I am quite sure of that.&quot; He began making the rounds and shaking
  hands. Naked slave girls served drinks in a unique manner. A tray was strapped
  to their waist. Chains running from the front corners to the clamps fastened
  to their nipples. Their arms were bound behind them at wrist and elbow. I had
  an extensive collection of old bondage books and drawings. I had seen this
  in a drawing and had been using it ever since. I found it quite amusing as
  did my guests. Male slaves were not my style but many of the guests liked them.  
Each male carried trays of food around to the guests. Each male bore an erection.
  Around the base of their cock was a band that maintained the erection. Around
  the head of each cock was another band with chains that ran to the rings piercing
  each nipple. A warm wet towel hung over his erection for the guests to use
  to wipe their hands clean. Each of the males sported a tail from the dildo
  in their ass. A slave must be trained to endure humiliation. They don't have
  to like it. These males would be sold soon perhaps even tonight.  
I watched the gathering from the steps leading down to the garden. To one
  side in back of the pillars were small tents. Inside male and female slaves
  were bound in a kneeling position. Their heads back and a funnel strapped into
  their mouths. They were the human urinals. Slaves who had refused to perform
  this task for their trainers. While it was not my cup of tea, so to speak,
  the slaves I train must be able to please both sexes in all ways for I have
  no idea who will purchase them. Raider joined me on the steps. I nodded toward
  the tents,  
&quot;It is amusing and informative as to which tents the guests go. Horace
  Silver for instance has been in the third tent from the end three times. The
  slave in that tent is male. I find it amusing that he pretends to be so straight.
  But then with his wife Beulah I can see why he would turn to men.&quot; Raider
  nearly choked on his drink and many turned at the sound of his laughter.  
&quot;So, have you decided upon your new slave yet?&quot; He asked still
  laughing.  
&quot;No, tonight will be the final test.&quot; I turned as theresa approached, &quot;Yes,
  theresa, what is it? &quot; She curtsied.  
&quot;MiLady, should we start the dancing girls now and put the slaves in
  the sling chairs for the guests enjoyment?&quot;  
&quot;Yes theresa, that would be a good idea. Have the six slaves for our
  contest brought out as well.&quot;  
&quot;OH! Yes, MiLady, can't wait for that.&quot; Off she went giggling to
  herself her silks billowing out behind her.  
Raider smiled, &quot;I like her.&quot;  
&quot;Yes, me too.&quot; I watched as one of the female guests used the towel
  draped across a very well endowed male slave. She fondled the young mans balls'
  and ran her hand over his erection. Her nail traced the head of his cock. She
  reached behind and pulled the dildo out and pushed it back in. His body shuddered
  and he closed his eyes. She stood up and patted his cheek then walked to me.  
&quot;He is cute D'elle. I want him.&quot;  
&quot;Well, Rebecca, I do believe we can do business.&quot; I smiled at her
  and led her to the side. A few minutes later she had a collar and leash on
  the young man and was leading him to a privacy tent on the far side of the
  garden. The dancing girls bored me to tears but the men seem to like them.
  I think it was the undulating belly rolls and the hip movement. As I looked
  around many of the men were enjoying the administrations of one or more of
  the slave girls.  
I had the six slave girls brought out. Around the neck of each girl was a
  wide ribbon. Each ribbon was a different color, red, green, blue, yellow, purple
  and orange. Each girl was quite lovely and each looked as if they were pregnant.
  That, however, was not the case. They were placed in a kneeling position with
  their heads down.  
&quot;Ladies and gentlemen, if I may have your attention. You may have noticed
  that each of the slaves has a colored ribbon around their necks. Each has been
  first thoroughly cleaned out and filled with two quarts of colored liquid matching
  the collar. The butt plugs will be removed and we shall take bets on which
  one shoots the farthest. There is incentive for the slaves, the one who wins
  gets to be a trainer.  
The rest will be trained as ponies and sold at auction in a few months.  
&quot;What do we get for betting?&quot; shouted one of the men. I merely
  shrugged.  
&quot;This is for amusement but you can bet amongst yourselves. The six butt
  plugs were removed. Raider shook his head slowly.  
&quot;The things you come up with D'elle.&quot; Theresa giggled and clapped
  her hands as we watched the slaves struggling to hold in the liquid. The  
longer they could hold it the further it would shoot. &quot;MiLady, I say
  red will win, what say you?&quot;  
&quot;I agree little one, red wants it and it is the strongest of the lot.&quot; I
  smiled at her. The slaves were groaning as the cramping hit them, I could hear
  the people betting. Then one by one they spewed the colored contents of their
  bowels behind them. Red won easily for she held it the longest. The gathering
  laughed uproariously at the humiliating game. Five of the six slaves were blushing.
  Only red did not for she grinned from ear to ear as she was given her own crop
  and stimmer designating her a trainer.  
&quot;Now then ladies and gentlemen if you will look to the center in front
  of you. You will see three very pretty slaves. Each is kneeling as you can
  see with their legs wide apart. One of these three will be my personal slave.
  They have all passed the same tests and this is their last one. It is also
  the most difficult one. Before each is a small crystal generator. Attached
  to it are three wires that end in clamps. The three will attach the wires to
  their clit and their nipples. The generators are set at three and will go up
  from there." I paused for a moment as the guests made comments before carrying
  on.  
They will hit the start button and the current will run up the wires to them
  for five minutes. They must stay in a kneeling position with their hands behind
  their heads. If they shut it off, or remove the leads, or not remain in the
  kneeling position they lose. The one who endures the most wins. BEGIN!!!&quot;  
It was wonderful. Their bodies shook, they cried out in pain as the current
  ran through them. Their breathing was ragged as the five minutes ended. Sweat
  glistened on their lithe bodies.  
&quot;Set it higher.&quot; The people watching cheered them on. Their bodies
  shook and it was hard to maintain their position. When they reached seven,
  the first girl lost her composure and sobbed. At eight we lost  
the second girl. The one left, the first one I tested, looked at me and turned
  the dial to ten. Her face strained and her body shook but she endured it.  
&quot;Well done anna.&quot; She beamed with both relief and pleasure. I looked
  at theresa's face and shook my head. &quot;Blood thirsty is what you are theresa.&quot; She
  giggled and hurried away to help anna. The bacchanal continued.  
Many a slave girl was bent over and used by the men. The women were only
  slightly less discrete as they led their choice of slaves to a privacy tent.
  The night wore on.  
The wine flowed. The hot wax spilled over the candle edge and down to the
  waiting slave girl. I watched Raider prowling through the gathering. He stopped
  here and there to talk to his supporters. Without Raiders trained men we would
  not stand much chance in an attack by Ragnor. I could tell he was waiting to
  hear about Morgana. She could have been his lady. Instead she chose to pit
  herself against him. It was all about greed. Raider would not have treated
  her as an equal. Something she demanded of him. She did not know that Ragnor
  would not treat her as an equal either. He had lied to her.  
Raider would not stoop to telling a lie. I saw him striding toward me and
  I marveled that this man was my friend. He smiled a cold and chilling smile.  
&quot;They have Morgana and will be at the edge of town by sunrise. I shall
  be there, will you join me D'elle?&quot; I smiled back at him.  
&quot;I would not miss this for the world  
Part V....Morgana  
Part V morgana  
Raider was not in a good mood. In fact his mood was black as I watched him
  pace back and forth. His long, lean, muscular body was tense. He was clad,
  as usual, all in black. A leather thong held his hair back at the nape of his
  neck. He looked younger than his years and many made the mistake of underestimating
  him.  
Morgana's arrival had been delayed. It seems she escaped Sir Roark's man
  that he set to guard her. However, Raider had been assured, all would be put
  right and they would be here within a day. I pity the poor guard. Sir Thomas,
  my closest neighbor sat back, his eyes closed, listening to his music. He too
  was getting tired of waiting. Others milled around impatiently. Lord Oak leaned
  against a tree; he also was dressed in black. His leather pants molded to his
  frame nicely. We had been far outside the town all the day and night. It was
  only four  
O'clock in the morning but the camp was awake and well rested. I looked at
  my new slave anna and smiled.  
&quot;Raider, you need something to occupy your mind. My new personal slave
  here needs to be punished for not seeing to my clothes. Perhaps you would like
  to show her the error of her ways.&quot;  
&quot;It would be my pleasure D'elle.&quot; He took my crop from me and turned
  to anna. &quot;STRIP NOW!&quot;  
She looked from him to me, her eyes pleading.  
&quot;Look to me slut, not her.&quot; His words were sharp and she knew to
  obey him quickly. &quot;I gave you an order slut.&quot; She removed the blouse
  and skirt I had allowed her to wear. &quot;Stand up straight. Lock your fingers
  behind your head.&quot; Her lean body was well toned, her breasts were neither
  to large or to small and were very firm. Her pale nipples hardened in the early
  morning air. Raider palmed her breast and ran his thumb over her nipple. She
  shivered at his touch and I watched as her eyes seem to fill with fear. As
  if reading her mind Raider spoke to her in a low voice, &quot;Don't worry little
  slut, I will not take my anger out on you.&quot; He walked away from her and
  when he was in the middle of the clearing he called her to him. She hurried
  forward her hands still behind her head. &quot;I want all who care to watch
  to be able to see you.&quot;  
The girls' face turned red but she did not move. He traced the curve of her
  body with the crop. He circled her breasts with the flat tip. Smiling he struck
  the nipples in rapid succession. She gasped but did not move. He tapped the
  crate next to where he stood.  
&quot;Kneel up here.&quot; She obeyed. &quot;Knees wide. WIDER!&quot; He
  ordered her as he struck her inner thighs with the crop to enforce his command.
  He walked away and returned with a flexible plastic rod. He told her to kneel
  up and bend over keeping her hands behind her head. It was not easy to maintain
  this position under the best of circumstances. This  
was not one of those times. He brought the rod down on her ass hard.  
He laid one welt after another across her firm buttocks and the backs of
  her thighs. She let out a yelp with each one. I smiled as I noticed theresa
  sitting quietly at the edge of the clearing, her attention fully on anna as
  she wiggled her feet in delight. I turned my thoughts back to my slave and
  my friend. Raider had her touch her head to the crate. Standing at her head
  he brought the cane down hard.  
I watched as it fell between the crack of her buttocks and curled under to
  snap her clit. She screamed and her body jerked. He directed eleven more blows
  to her clit. He pulled her up by her hair and struck her tender and sensitive
  breasts with the rod.  
&quot;NOOOO please, Sir, no more.&quot; She begged him and he took pity on
  her. &quot;You may go back to your Mistress and thank her for allowing me to  
punish you.&quot;  
&quot;Y-yes sir.&quot; She hurried to me, fell to her knees, &quot;Thank
  you my  
Mistress for allowing Lord Raider to punish me for you.&quot;  
&quot;Kneel up,&quot; I bid her and watched as she raised up on her knees. &quot;Raider
  punished you for him not me. I have yet to decide your punishment.&quot; Her
  eyes widened in fear as I smiled at  
her. Her voice a whisper as she said,  
&quot;Yes, Mistress.&quot; Her eyes cast down and her lip quivered.  
"You will remain naked until you earn your clothing. Kneel beside me. I handed
  her a collar and leash and watched as she fastened it around her neck.  
Shortly before five in the morning the entourage consisting of Sir Roark,
  his guards, nearly two hundred and fifty female prisoners and in a cage, pulled
  by slaves, was Morgana.  
Even filthy she was beautiful. Her long raven hair, her sultry eyes and her
  shapely body all went together perfectly. She knew that it did and used her
  beauty to get her own way. She made a big mistake by betraying  
Raider and siding with Ragnor. It had cost the lives of many and one of those
  was Raiders friend Christopher. He would not kill her, I knew, for death was
  too easy. She would beg for it in time but he would not allow it.  
Raider did not kill women and children, as did Ragnor. I watched as Raider
  went for the cage door.  
&quot;Unlock this,&quot; his order was spoken softly but instantly obeyed.
  He  
reached in and grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her from the cage.
  She screamed in outrage at him.  
&quot;YOU DARE TREAT ME LIKE AND ANIMAL???&quot; She shrieked at him. Raider
  laughed,  
&quot;Hardly, Morgana, I treat you like the slut and whore and traitor that  
you are. My animals would never be chained in a cage.&quot; She lunged at
  him.  
&quot;I WILL KILL YOU.&quot; Her hands, bound before her, were curved into
  claws. The long nails coming dangerously close to Raiders face. His foot swung
  out and knocked her to her knees. Smiling he grabbed her wrists and painfully
  snapped each of the long nails off.  
&quot;Never, and I mean never, raise your hands to me again bitch.&quot; His
  voice was dangerously cold.  
&quot;Go to hell.&quot; She spat on the ground at his feet.  
&quot;I most probably will, Morgana, but I will save a place especially for  
you. He then fasten a metal collar around her neck. Her wrists were fastened
  to the back of the collar. Her long hair was pulled to the top of her head
  and a rope braided into its mass of thick curls. She was suspended by her hair
  from the branch of a tree. Her cries of outrage brought laughter to the men
  and women gathered. The irrigation pump from the nearby stream was used to
  hose her down. The icy blast of water felt like a thousand needles on her skin.  
&quot;AAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHH YOU BASTARDS!&quot; Her legs were pulled apart
  and the water was directed at her sex. This brought both a screech of pain
  and outrage. Two of the women from the town stepped forward with scrub brushes
  and bars of soap. As Morgana screamed her outrage they used both on her body
  making sure they got every crevice. The brushes turned her body a bright red.
  When they finished she was sprayed again, her body spinning under the force
  of the water. She had passed out. Raider turned to me.  
&quot;This will never do. She must not miss one minute of her punishments.&quot;  
&quot;I brought the alert drug my Raider. Never fear she will know it all.&quot; I
  turned to theresa and asked her to bring me my satchel.  
She smiled, &quot;Yes, M'Lady at once.&quot; She returned quickly and held
  it for me as I prepared the syringe. Morgana was quite awake when I approached
  her. Gripping her breast I touched the needle to the center of her nipple and
  slowly pushed it straight back. Her eyes widened and she let a shriek of agony
  escape her full lips. I waited a moment before injecting the liquid. The burning
  began at once. I pulled the needle out and gripped her other breast repeating
  the process.  
&quot;Look, slut, there is still more. I wonder where I can inject this.&quot; I
  laughed as she called me a bitch. &quot;Hold her legs open.&quot; I ordered
  the two closest to me. Smiling I parted her nether lips and inserted the needle
  into her clit. The people watching smiled and laughed as her shrieks of pain
  echoed in the woods around us.  
Raider came forward with theresa who held a tray. On it were the rings he
  would pierce Morgana with. He did not say a word to the woman as he picked
  up the special pliers and inserted the heavy brass ring. He pulled the ring
  apart to show the thick pointed end. The weight of her body pulling down on
  her hair kept her from moving her head. She protested to no avail as he pressed
  the tip to her septum and closed the pliers. The crunch of the cartilage was
  drowned out by her scream. Next he pried open her mouth and she tried to bite
  him.  
&quot;Not a wise move Morgana. I shall punish you for that when I am done
  with the piercing.&quot;  
&quot;Go to hell. Ragnor will kill you for hurting me.&quot; Raider laughed,  
&quot;Where did you ever get the idea you were important to Ragnor for any
  other reason than the water rights to your land. He has no water on his land.
  His people die from thirst and their crops with them. He needs your water not
  you. You betrayed those who trusted you. This is why you will suffer.&quot; He
  pried her mouth open and held it with the metal spreader. He wasted no time
  piercing her tongue with a thick ring in the center of the tongue before removing
  the mouth spreader. Next he slowly pierced her nipples. She moaned and whimpered.
  He paid no attention. She tried to protest as he ordered her legs spread wide.
  Her cries of pain grew louder as he pierced her labia five times on each side
  and then using the same thick ring he pierced her clit. He left her to suffer
  the pain while he began preparation for the next two punishments.  
I watched as theresa only too gladly lent him a hand. I walked past  
her, &quot;Bloodthirsty wench aren't you?&quot;  
&quot;Yes, MiLady, it would seem so,&quot; she giggled as she set out the
  wicked looking pliers.  
Morgana was brought over to the makeshift rack. Her wrists were fastened
  above her head. Her legs spread and anchored to the bottom with rope. The wheel
  turned and she was stretched taut upon the rough wood. Raider showed her the
  pliers and smiled at her.  
&quot;I wonder if you know what these are used for. They pull out molars.&quot; His
  laughter did not reach his eyes, while hers widened in horror as she realized
  his intentions.  
&quot;NOOOO, no you can't do that to me!&quot; She whimpered.  
&quot;Ahhhh, but I can. You will never bite anyone again.&quot; His voice
  was cold and distant and I shivered, glad it was not me. He pried her mouth
  open and inserted a wooden block under her tongue and had it pushing up against
  the roof of her mouth. Her screams were loud and pitiful as one by one he pulled
  her teeth starting with her molars. No one there took pity on her. No one felt
  sorry for her. Blood dripped from her full mouth and her screams turned into
  moans.  
Her body glistened with sweat as Raider continued to pull each tooth. The
  front teeth remained when he stopped. &quot;I nearly forgot.&quot; He shook
  his head.  
&quot;I can't believe I forgot.&quot; He picked up the drill and smiled as
  he inserted the drill bit. &quot;This is the first payment for Christopher's'
  life.&quot; With that he drilled into the four upper and four lower teeth.
  I had thought her screeching before was loud but it was nothing compared to
  the sounds she now made as he drilled through the nerves in her teeth. He allowed
  her to suffer for a time as the cold  
air hit the exposed nerves. I watched as he said something to theresa and
  she nodded then hurried away and came back with a cup of cold water. She looked
  at Raider who nodded to her and she poured the water over Morgana's remaining
  teeth.  
&quot;AAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE&quot; The screech was high pitched and
  loud. Her head shook back and forth and you could see the visible shudder ripple
  through her body. When her screams died away, Raider pulled the remaining teeth.
  I did notice that theresa's eyes were brighter and her smile even wider then
  usual.  
I watched as preparation was made for her next punishment. Blood still dripped
  from her mouth but the wedge was gone. Lord Oak and Sir Thomas my friends and
  neighbors stepped forward. Each bore a branding iron whose tip was white hot.
  She did not see them until Thomas set the first brand on her belly. Then Lord
  Oak set the second one. The inhuman sounding screams were much less shrill.
  It would seem she was losing her voice. I looked at the two brands. TRAITOR
  and WHORE. I ran my finger over them and listened to her gasp at the pain.
  I asked  
theresa to bring me my crop.  
&quot;The black one without the flapper at the end.&quot; I watched Morgana,
  her eyes closed, her breathing raspy. There was so much more pain and humiliation
  for her to endure. I could hardly wait to watch it. I turned as theresa approached
  and handed me the crop. Turning back to Morgana, I grabbed the nipple ring
  in her left nipple. Pulling it up caused her pain and her eyes flew open as
  a moan escaped her lips. I struck the extended breast with the crop.  
&quot;AHHHHhh NOOOO!!&quot; I paid no attention to her words or her cries
  of  
pain as I continued to strike the firm flesh. I watched as Sir Thomas approached
  and held out his hand. I handed him the crop and watched as he did the same
  to her right breast. Her body shivered with the pain as he continued striking
  her and moved down to her thighs. He marked both thighs with welt after welt.  
Smiling I looped cords through her rings and spread her sex wide for him.
  The crop struck hard on her already abused clit. I watched as he tapped lightly
  at first then hit it hard. Then lightly, tap, tap, tap, and whack. She jerked
  and cried out each time. Tears rolled down her cheeks and not one person felt
  sorry for her. I suggested her feet needed attention. Thomas smiled at me.  
&quot;I know that you hate feet my friend. I will be only too happy to see
  to them for you.&quot; Using only one strong arm he struck the soles of her
  feet and she howled at the sting of it. When the soles of both  
feet were covered with welts she was turned over and stretched out face down.  
Lord Oak, a gentle soul, not as cruel as his friends and neighbors, used
  a wooden paddle on her firm white buttocks. I was surprised to find him giving
  her his all for each swing of the paddle was hard. No tender taps and soft
  caresses from him this time. When he finally stopped he had struck both rounded
  globes nearly fifty times. His look of disgust for her was more than evident.
  He jerked her head back by the hair.  
&quot;That does not even make up for the life of my cousin you filthy, traitorous
  bitch.&quot; That said he quickly walked away. Sir Vincent stepped up next
  and looked to Raider, as Raider nodded to him he used the cat on her back,
  buttocks and thighs. Each blow was delivered with accuracy and strength. Welt
  after welt appeared on her fair flesh. After nearly thirty strokes her voice
  was mostly gone.  
&quot;Enough!&quot; shouted Raider. &quot;Now we take her to town. But first
  she must be displayed properly. D'elle I will need your assistance.&quot; I
  smiled and joined him while the others rested. I did notice a slight pout on
  theresa's face. I am sure she wanted to help as well.  
Part VI The Trip to Town.  
Raider and I decided that in order for her to endure more, Morgana would
  have to be repaired. I hated to see the welts leave her but there was no choice.
  She would always remember the feel of what I believed to be her first taste
  of the paddle or the cat. The portable med tube was put into use. I thought
  it prudent to use the implants on her. Also the slender tubes that entered
  her rectum and vagina were used so that both passages could be used without
  tearing. They would be tighter but very elastic.  
 I couldn't help but smile at the thought of her being used. Raider pulled
  her from the med tube by her hair, the rope still braided into it. Having been
  revived, Morgana was once again her delightful self.  
&quot;You bastards will pay for this! Finish the restoration, I want my damn
  teeth back NOW!" She managed to spit out.  
&quot;Afraid not slut, your mouth has been healed as much as it will ever
  be. I made sure no one can give you back your teeth.&quot; I laughed as I answered
  her. She was outraged and lunged at me. I backhanded her as Raider jerked her
  back toward him. She fell to her knees wiping her mouth.  
&quot;YOU BITCH! You will pay for that.&quot; I merely laughed in her face.  
Raider jerked her backwards again and dragged her naked body over the stones
  and branches to a wagon.  
&quot;Never talk to my friend that way again.&quot; His voice was deadly
  quiet as he spoke. That was not a good sign. Raider was a man to be reckoned
  with under the best of circumstances. When he was quiet and spoke softly, well
  lets just say....run. &quot;Apologize to the Lady D'elle and be quick about
  it.&quot; Evidently, Morgana realized this and glared at me with such hatred
  a lesser person would be intimidated.  
&quot;I'm sorry.&quot; She said through gritted teeth. I said nothing in
  return, we both knew she did not mean it and I saw no reason to speak to her.  
The wagon had many interesting rings on the sides and floor of it. At the
  back end was a high bar held up by two posts. I climbed up into the wagon with
  Raiders help and held tight to Morgana's braid while Raider jumped up. He took
  hold of the braid and pulled her up, her screeching hurt my ears.  
&quot;Damn, I forgot the bag with the ropes and other things I will need.
  Just then we heard a very eager voice.  
&quot;I will get them for you MiLord.&quot; It was theresa as she hurried
  from behind the bushes to do just that. Raider and I looked at each other and
  laughed.  
&quot;I should punish her, but she would probably like it, but I didn't tell  
her she had to stay behind. Besides she is Lord Fredericks problem, I am
  merely watching over her." Theresa returned with the bag and I told her to
  stay back.  
Just then Morgana made a break for it. She jumped down and struck out at
  Theresa who crumpled to the ground. She took off running and Raider jumped
  down to see to theresa.  
&quot;Never mind Raider I will see to the little one, get that traitor bitch.&quot; I
  jumped and landed near theresa as he nodded and took off. She was already getting
  to her feet as I reached to help her up.  
&quot;Just the wind knocked out of me MiLady. I am well.&quot; She responded
  quickly, though she sounded a little shaken.  
 Before Raider had crossed the clearing, Sir Thomas, Sir Vincent and Lord
  Oak appeared. Between the first two was a very limp Morgana. Her head lolled
  forward and she appeared to be knocked out. Thomas grinned and tipped his hat,  
&quot;She had a wee bit of a run in with my fist. She seemed to think it
  would be all right to raise her claws at me. I believe I set her straight on
  that.&quot; Vincent nodded.  
&quot;I think she has seen the error of her ways.&quot; Lord Oak chuckled.  
&quot;She did seem to be a bit stunned by our friend here.&quot; Raider smiled.  
&quot;I think we underestimated her gentlemen. Perhaps you would like to
  stay and make sure she does not think she can do it again.&quot; Thomas grinned
  wickedly.  
&quot;I wouldn't mind helping out at all my friend.&quot;  
&quot;Well, I was going to rest but this sounds like more fun to me. Count  
me in.&quot; Vincent nodded toward the reviving Morgana. &quot;So where do
  you want this since I am to be robbed of my nap.&quot; I smiled at him,  
&quot;What was your naps name Vincent? How old was she?&quot; He laughed
  out loud.  
&quot;Sheila and old enough.&quot;  
Morgana tried to jerk free of the two men. Lord Oak held her as the other
  two pulled her back on the wagon. Her arms were bound behind her at the wrist
  and elbow. The end of the rope was then tied to the high bar forcing her to
  bend over. Her feet were spread wide apart. I tied her braided hair to her
  wrists so that her head was pulled back. Next I used a nose hook and pulled
  that back as far as I could. Raider handed me a circle gag, which I forced
  into her toothless mouth holding it open for use. Rope was threaded through
  her nipple rings and tied to the bed of the wagon pulling her ample breasts
  forward and out to the side. The strain caused her to moan. Beads of sweat
  broke out on her forehead. Her breathing was raspy.  
I watched as theresa climbed up on the wagon. In her hand was the elastic
  with the hooks on both ends. She reached under the woman and hooked her labia
  rings on one side and pulled the elastic around her and to the other side and
  hooked the labia rings on that side with the other end. When she let go Morgana's
  privates were well displayed. Still smiling her sweet smile, theresa clamped
  and tightened a weight to Morgana's clit. Morgana howled as theresa tightened
  the clamp and  
again when the weight dropped. She curtsied to me and made a comment.  
&quot;I could have used the ring but the clamp and weight seems to hurt more.&quot; I
  shook my head and then nodded to her. I smiled as she giggled and got down
  from the wagon. Raider looked at me and raised one eyebrow.  
&quot;Sadistic little thing isn't she?&quot; He then stood there and laughed.  
Morgana it seemed did not find it funny. The look on her face was one of
  viscious hatred.  
I watched as Raider took something from his bag. It took me a minute to figure
  out what it was. Then I smiled as he filled the infuser with ice cold water.
  He did not say a word as he shoved the tapered end into her anus. Morgana howled
  again at the painful intrusion. She strained against the ropes and only caused
  herself more pain. I picked up the inflatable dildo and as Raider pulled the
  infuser from her I jammed the dildo into her and pumped it until I was sure
  it would not come out. He smacked her ass.  
&quot;Lets get this bitch to town.&quot;  
The team of six female ponies was hitched to the wagon. They were from Raiders
  training camp and they were work ponies and looked sleek and fit and more than
  ready.  
The wagon lurched forward and Morgana moaned as she swayed back and forth
  the cords pulling on her making the pain and humiliation worse. The road to
  town was bumpy after the spring rains. She looked a pitiful mess. The once
  beautiful Morgana was reduced to a slobbering toothless wretch. Her belly distended
  from the water and the cramping that had begun. The two-hour trip would be
  most uncomfortable for her. I rather enjoyed that prospect of the journey.  
As we approached the outskirts of town, Morgana's moans and groans were getting
  louder and she was straining to release the contents of her bowels. We approached
  the large town house of my friend Lord Dresden, also known as the Mechanic
  for his work with machines of various types, as he stepped out the door.  
&quot;HELLO!&quot; he shouted to us. &quot;What have you there?&quot; He
  took a few steps  
toward us and began laughing. &quot;So, you caught the bitch. Good for you.&quot; He
  jumped up on the wagon and ran his hands over her body. &quot;She is a comely
  wench I will give her that.&quot; He stood in front of her and rubbed his crotch. &quot;I
  got a big surprise for you slut.&quot; He laughed as she tried to protest.
  He reached down and pulled on her nipples and swung the weight attached to
  her clit.  
Lord Dresden turned to Raider, &quot;Sir, I would like to fuck this bitch
  in the ass. What say you?&quot; Raider smiled as Morgana tried to protest. &quot;  
"We need to empty her first.&quot; With that he pulled the dildo from her
  without deflating it. She grunted and moaned and her bowels erupted. The filthy
  brown water spewed from her and those that watched laughed at the sight. The
  once haughty beauty was reduced to a mewling object of hatred. They used a
  hose to wash her off and ran water inside her filling her twice before finally
  rinsing and drying her off.  
Raider stepped up and smiled at her. This is only the beginning Morgana.
  He unfastened his pants and stroked his long thick cock letting her see the
  length and thickness of it. She tried to turn her head as he slowly shoved
  the full length into her mouth and throat. The men licked their lips as they
  watched Raider begin to fuck her mouth and throat. They heard her grunts as
  he began to pick up speed.  
Each thrust was painful for it pushed her back pulling on her nipples. His
  face was one of cruel determination. He tensed and as he began to  
cum he pulled from her and his cum covered her face.  
&quot;You are not worthy enough to tasted my seed you slut. But I will share
  something else with you.&quot; That said he slid his cock back into her mouth
  and pissed down her throat as he squeezed her hooked nostrils shut.  
She choked and hacked as the golden stream hit the back of her throat and
  the smell wafted up to her nose. Raider sneered at her and fastened his pants.  
&quot;Lord Dresden help yourself to this slut.&quot;  
Lord Dresden smiled and stepped up on the wagon.  
&quot;For all her treachery she is a fine figure of a woman." He smiled and
  leaned over the side of the wagon.  
&quot;theresa would you hand me that switch hanging by the door?&quot;  
&quot;Oh yes Sir. Right away Sir.&quot; theresa giggled and hurried to get
  the switch and handed it up to Lord Dresden.  
&quot;Thank you theresa, you are a big help.&quot; He turned to Morgana and
  without a word struck her ass hard with the switch. It left a tiny red line
  across her cheeks and was soon followed by more and more stinging red stripes.  
Her grunts of pain were amusing. Raiders' cum had begun drying on her face
  as she grunted or cried out with every hit if the switch. Lord Dresden was
  obviously aroused for he was a very well endowed man. He unfastened his codpiece
  and freed his engorged cock. He stroked into her already wet cunt a few times
  then pulled out and placed the tip of his cock at the tight puckered opening
  of her rectum. She tried to scream no but it came out more like a grunt of
  protest. He slowly pushed the tip of his cock into her tight opening.  
&quot;She has been in the tube my friend she will not tear.&quot; I assured
  him.  
He smiled and rammed his cock deep into her cleaned out bowels. She shrieked,
  as pain became her only concern. He was not easy on her as he pumped in and
  out of her rectum. He went in as deep and as fast as he could. As he pumped
  he smacked her ass cheeks or pulled on the various chains and ropes attached
  to her. The weight on her clit swung wildly now and her howls of pain were
  constant. Suddenly he stiffened and groaned as he spewed his seed deep in her
  bowels.  
&quot;Damn but that was good.&quot;  
Lord Oak stepped up onto the wagon bed and without preamble, he unfastened
  his pants and began fucking the sobbing Morgana. His shaft like a piston pumping
  her hard and fast. Each thrust making her pull on the ropes that were attached
  to her stretched nipples.  
Sir Thomas' cock shut off her howls. He had quietly stepped up on the wagon
  bed and bided his time. The others cheered the two on. Theresa pretended not
  to watch as the men, that she knew so well, each took Morgana in their own
  way.  
When Lord Oak finished with her he swatted her ass hard before making way
  for Sir Vincent. In Vincents' hand he held a strap. He stood to the side and
  let it strike her ass viciously. Sir Thomas' cock cut off her howl of pain
  and he groaned as he enjoyed the vibration it caused along his shaft. Vincent
  struck again and again.  
&quot;You made me miss my nap today you slut and she was a hot young thing.&quot;  
He yelled out his admonishment. Had it been anyone other than Morgana I might
  have felt sorry for her. NO, on second thought I would not have felt sorry
  for any wench. Chuckling to myself I watched as Vincent mounted her from behind.
  He was not gentle but he was not as rough as I thought he would be. I watched
  as Raider picked up the crop and lashed at her breasts. Vincent groaned as
  she screamed in pain. He thrust his long shaft into her wet cunt. Thomas had
  held back as long as he could, then he, like Raider, came on her face and then
  washed it off with his piss.  
&quot;Damn, Dresden was right that felt good. But she is a wee bit of a mess.&quot; Thomas
  laughed as he strutted over to a bucket of cold water and poured it over her
  head. When Vincent finished with her she was washed out with very cold water.  
Raider pointed to the driver. &quot;If you want her take her now. I want
  to move on. The man wasted no time jumping on the wagon bed. He looked into
  her eyes.  
&quot;I lost my brother in one of your lovers raids. He was loyal to you.
  I want you to suffer for a very long time you filthy slut.&quot; Smiling he
  took the cigar from his mouth and blew on the end of it. His smile widened
  as he touched the glowing tip to the upper part of her breast. She moaned and
  her eyes rolled back in her head.  
He unfastened his pants and released what had to be the biggest human penis
  I had ever seen. He stroked it a few times and walked around behind her. He
  lined his cock up to her pussy and rammed it into her. She screamed as, what
  must have felt like a tree branch, filled her and stretched her. I chuckled
  at theresa who was fascinated with the drivers endowments. I had heard her
  gasp when he unfastened his pants.  
The men were cheering him on and Morgana was screaming now. The med tube
  wands had done their work on her vagina and rectum. She would not tear but
  the pain was nearly unbearable. We all watched as he pulled from her cunt and
  rammed his monster cock into her ass. The scream was loud and shrill and seemed
  to never end, when at last he began to cum, he took his cigar and pressed it
  into her ass. This caused her to tighten her muscles and milk his cock. When
  he pulled from her a copious amount of cum dripped from the moaning Morgana.  
We once again set out for town. As we passed the various houses we stopped
  the wagon so that the people along the way could use or abuse the now pitiful
  looking Morgana. At one house the wife stepped up after her husband and son
  had each had their turn. She pushed her fist into Morgana and began fist fucking
  her. As I watched the moaning Morgana I heard theresa mumbling behind me.  
&quot;No one told me I could do that. OH no its fetch this fetch that but
  do I get to smack her or fist her? NO I do not.&quot;  
&quot;theresa, what are you mumbling about?&quot;  
&quot;Nothing MiLady.&quot; She hung her head.  
&quot;I thought not.&quot; I chuckled and as I turned back around I saw the
  town directly ahead. This was going to be fun.  
PART VII The Town  
The town of Demons Rest, nestled snugly in Raiders Cove, was large by the
  day's standards. The people of the area came in all sizes and colors and all
  were sweetly sadistic.  
Perhaps it was in the water, I thought, as I watched a man cane one of his
  female slaves while we passed. He paused only to wave and then once more her
  melodic screams could be heard. I never seemed to tire of the sound of a woman
  screaming. Ah well, what can I say? I am, after all, a sadist now aren't I?
  I chuckled to myself and Raider glanced my way.  
In the distance I saw a dung wagon moving along slowly. I narrowed my eyes
  a bit not sure of what I was seeing. Then I smiled. &quot;So Celeste joins
  us my Raider. How nice.&quot;  
Raider winked at me and said, &quot;I thought perhaps you would like that
  D'Elle.&quot;  
I watched as she stopped every so often to pick up the horse droppings with
  her bare hands.  
Her nipple rings were fastened to her nose ring and her clit ring. Each movement
  pulled on both those tender spots. Her sex was held open by a bungee cord fastened
  to both pussy lips and passed around behind her.  
She looked tired and miserable but I had no sympathy for her.  
As we passed her she did not look our way and from the left came a young
  man of perhaps sixteen years. He walked up to her and told her to bend over
  and hang on to the wagon. She obeyed him and he unfastened his pants, quickly
  entering her from behind. His hand smacked her ass hard as he stroked in and
  out.  
She grunted with each thrust and then he groaned. His seed dripped from her
  as he spun her around. &quot;Lick me clean you cunt.&quot; She obeyed him and
  he rewarded her by pissing in her mouth when he was done. &quot;Swallow it
  bitch.&quot; I smiled as we continued on.  
We arrived in the center of town and were immediately surrounded by a crowd
  of people. Shouts of, TRAITOR and BITCH and WHORE could be heard.  
I stood in front of Morgana and smiled. &quot;Can you hear your adoring fans
  slut? They all want you. Isn't it nice to be so popular?&quot; I laughed and
  patted her cheek.  
Raider stood on the seat of the wagon and held up his hands for silence. &quot;You
  all know who this is. Morgana is a traitor to her people. A town was destroyed
  because of her betrayal. By rights she should die.&quot;  
Shouts of &quot;KILL THE BITCH&quot; and &quot;DEATH TO TRAITORS&quot; could
  be heard as Raider, once again, raised his hands to silence them. &quot;She
  should die, but I have a better idea. Death brings her peace. Instead after
  today and tomorrow I think each of our good establishments here in town should
  use her in any manner they choose. I am going to leave her as she is today,
  tonight and tomorrow all day and night tied as you see her. All of you men
  and women may do as you please with her as long as she lives. You are not to
  kill her. I do not expect to be disobeyed in this.  
I watched as Raider gave his speech, something he never liked to do. He looked
  good standing there and as I watched I could see a dozen young women staring
  at him. I smiled at him and nodded to the young women. He growled at me. GRRRRRR.
  I laughed, delightedly.  
Still smiling I turned to theresa, &quot;Fetch the brown box up front for
  me please.&quot;  
&quot; Yes, MiLady at once.&quot; Giggling she went to the front of the wagon
  to get the box I requested.  
Turning to Morgana, who, despite her pain, still glared in hatred at me,
  I spoke in my best, honey dripping, voice, &quot;Oh my, Morgana. Such animosity
  and it's your own fault. You put yourself in this position with your betrayal
  of your own people.&quot;  
Sliding the crop from my belt I traced around her full breasts with the tip
  of it. She was a lying little slut and I had no pity for her.  
Still smiling, I began tapping against her nipple. Each tap a little harder.
  I hit the chain that ran from her nipple ring to the floor of the wagon and
  she groaned.  
I turned as theresa approached me with the box. Smiling I took out the syringe
  and the small vial of the awake drug. I filled the syringe and handed it to
  theresa. She smiled in delight and approached Morgana. She walked around Morgana's
  struggling body. She made grunting sounds as she worried about where theresa
  was going to put the needle. I watched as theresa walked in front of her and
  bent over and inserted the needle into her left nipple.  
The needle is a fairly thick one and the pain was instantaneous.  
Morgana howled in pain nearly drowning out theresa's giggle. I watched as
  the needle was next applied to Morgana's right nostril. Her eyes were like
  those of a crazy woman as she howled again. The final place was Morgana's clit,
  a most tender spot. Uh uh uh uh uhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooooooo she howled. As
  theresa stepped around her to hand me the syringe I exchanged it for my crop.  
&quot;MiLady?&quot; she gulped and looked at me her eyes filled with hope
  and questions.  
&quot;Go ahead, it's for you to use. You will be the first of the people
  here to have at her.&quot;  
&quot; OHHHHH MiLady, thank you. Thank you sooooooooo much.&quot; Raider
  and I, along with the rest of the town folk, watched as she slashed at Morgana's
  thighs. First, theresa attacked the backs, then the fronts, and then the soft
  and tender inner thighs. Raider and I watched in amusement as she started in
  on Morgana's tender breasts. Spurred on by Morgana's grunts and cries of pain,
  theresa continued. Her ass became the target of a dozen or more blows. Then
  we watched with great curiosity as she wiped off the crop and handed it back
  to me. &quot;Thank you MiLady.&quot; Then she walked to the front of the wagon.  
We could not see what she had in mind. Raider turned to me. &quot;What is
  she up to?&quot;  
&quot;Your guess is as good as mine.&quot; I responded shrugging my shoulders.  
Theresa turned around and on her right arm was a long, opera length, rubber
  glove. She walked with purpose over to Morgana. &quot;You are an evil woman.
  You are the cause of many deaths. I hope you suffer the eternal flames of hell
  forever.&quot; At that a cheer rose from the crowds and theresa walked around
  to the back of Morgana. She was not at all gentle as her hand rammed into the
  tied woman's vagina.  
Raider and I stared in surprise then began laughing. Theresa began pumping
  her arm in and out of Morgana. Morgana's howls were loud and pitiful but no
  one seemed to mind. When she pulled her arm out she walked around to Morgana's
  head,  
&quot;You are pathetic, here you are on display like the prize pig you are
  and you are ready to cum. You disgust me.&quot; She pulled the glove off smacking
  Morgana in the face with it and motioned for someone to help her down from
  the wagon.  
Raider was trying not to laugh now with little success. &quot;Ladies and
  Gentlemen let the fun begin!&quot; he shouted.  
The crowd roared and the first two men jumped up. One man in front, the other
  behind. After that Morgana was FULLY occupied. Two by two they came to show
  their contempt of her. It was not long before cum and piss dripped from her
  and she had to be hosed down and hosed out. Even that took on a form of torture
  as the ice cold water was held inside her. Nothing seemed too outrageous.  
The second time she needed to be cleaned up I had Celeste lick her clean.
  I was amazed at just how broken the slut had become. She made no protest at
  all but licked her pussy clean to the towns delight.  
As the evening went on I, too, grew bored. I bid my farewells to my friends
  and told theresa to try and behave herself. I left her sitting on one of the
  barrels wiggling her feet and giggling with friends.  
I entered my room and found anna asleep on the floor. She had much to learn.  
I nudged her with my toe and she jumped up immediately. She stood with legs
  spread, arms locked behind her head, eyes on the floor. &quot;It would seem,
  anna, that you need much more training. I have been lax with you since you
  won the contest to become my personal slave. You need something to remind you
  that you are here to do MY bidding.  
Slaves do not sleep unless given permission to do so. I GAVE YOU NO PERMISSION.&quot; She
  cringed as I yelled at her but made no other move. I motioned to the wooden
  dildo chair and she moved toward it quickly.  
Anna was not aware of the full beauty of the chair. I made her lower herself
  onto the chairs large wooden dildo. When it was fully inside her I made her
  bring her legs over the arms of the chair. I fastened her ankles to the back
  legs. Her arms went over the back and down and attached at the base of the
  chair causing her back to arch nicely and her breasts to thrust out.  
I put on a pair of heavy duty rubber gloves. Smiling I brought two elastic
  straps with clamps on the end from the back of the chair around to the front.
  I pulled on one and attached the clamp to her labia. I pulled the next one
  and attached it to the other side.  
She cried out at the bite of the clamps, of course that made me smile.  
Next I brought out a large jar and unscrewed the top. Reaching down underneath
  the chair I began pouring it into a special cylinder.  
&quot;I can see you are wondering what I have here. It is a mixture of hot
  pepper paste and itching powder. I rubbed some on her nipples then fastened
  heavy weighted clamps to each nipple. Tubes ran to each of the strange looking
  clamps and to the third one that I would place on her clit. I rubbed the paste
  on her clit and the inside of each of lip of her exposed pussy. I then fastened
  the clit clamp.  
She howled in pain and I laughed and began the quiet pump under her. Two
  dildos not one were connected. She gasped as the butt plug entered her. Her
  gasp turned to a moan of horror as she felt both dildos squirt liquid into
  her.  
I waited and watched as the desired effect took place.  
The heat of the peppers started burning her and the itching powder began
  to drive her crazy. I stood back and watched as the gyrations increased.  
&quot;PLLLLLEAAAASSSSSEEEEEE MISTRESS!&quot; It was all she could get out.
  That and "aahhhhh ahhhhhh arrrghhhhhh aaaaarrggggghhh aaahhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhhhhhhhh.
  OOHHHHHHH aaaaaaaaaggggghhh."  
Every few minutes more would be sprayed up into her and it would ooze from
  the  
clamps. I patted her cheek. &quot;I need my sleep anna. I will see you in
  the morning.&quot;  
I closed the soundproof door connecting that room from my bedroom. Just before
  the door clicked shut I heard her, &quot;NNOOOOOOOO PLEASE N NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.&quot; I
  of course ignored her.  
Not long afterwards I was sleeping peacefully. Meanwhile my friend Raider
  was having his own brand of fun.  
........................................................  
Raider had had enough of watching Morgana's humiliation and turned bidding
  me farewell for the evening.  
As he passed a buxom redhead with a pretty face and a shapely body he motioned
  her to follow. &quot;But Sir, I am a free woman.&quot;  
He paused and turned to her, simply staring. He did not say a word, then
  turned and headed for his room above Murphy's D/s Pub.  
Whenever he was in town he stayed there at his friends establishment. The
  room was soundproofed and held all he needed.  
The girl followed him in and her dark green eyes widened as he locked the
  door. &quot;Run a bath for me and be quick about it.&quot;  
The girl hurried to obey him. He smiled as he watched her. He removed his
  vest and shirt and waited for her.  
When she came back out he motioned to her with his index finger to come to
  him. She did so hesitantly.  
He ran his hand through her hair and twirled a strand around it. &quot;You
  have good reason to fear me. I, like my friend D'Elle, believe that the pain
  of obedience should be less than the pain of disobedience. It is something
  you would do well to remember. Know this, that by coming to this room you did
  so of your own free will. I take nothing you have not freely offered to me.
  YOU are mine for as long as I see fit to keep you and not a minute longer.
  NOW strip and be very quick my bath awaits.&quot;  
The girl shook all over. Her eyes wide with fright, she could not help wonder
  what she had gotten herself into. &quot; Please Sir, I - I .......&quot;  
&quot; I told you to get naked. NOW DO IT.&quot; He shouted at her, his face
  angry and his words harsh.  
She jumped and with trembling fingers unfastened her clothing.  
While she undressed, he walked slowly around her. He knew he was making her
  nervous. He watched her ivory skin reveal itself as she removed her blouse
  and let it drop. She wore nothing under it and as she removed her skirt she
  was revealed in all her nakedness.  
He chuckled, &quot; What a slut you are. Nothing under a thin blouse and
  skirt.&quot;  
&quot; OH NO SIR. I am poor tis all.&quot; She protested feebly. He ran his
  hand down her back and slapped her ass hard.  
She squealed, &quot;oooooooohhhhh SIR!&quot;  
He moved to the front of her and ran his finger along her jaw line then down
  her neck and over her shoulder. Then down her left breast to her hardening
  nipple.  
Watching her face he slowly circled the pink bud then flicked it with his
  nail. She gasped at the pleasure that seemed to come out of nowhere. Her body
  shuddered and he smiled as he laid his hand on her belly and slid it downward
  letting one of his long fingers find her slit.  
He ran his finger along the moistness and rubbed her swelling clit.  
She whimpered and bit her lip. &quot;You are a slut. You are wet for me.
  Now take off my boots, I want my bath.&quot;  
Her breathing was ragged as she watched him sit down and raise his leg. She
  knew she wanted him but she was also afraid of what he would do with her. She
  bent down and pulled first one boot then the other.  
He stood and removed his tight fitting breeches. She gasped as he deliberately
  stroked his long thick cock. Chuckling to himself he walked past her to the
  bathing room.  
He sighed as he settled into the hot water and began to wash. He had at first
  planned on her washing him but now he had other plans. He rinsed himself and
  stepped out wrapping a towel around him.  
As he entered the room she jumped and turned around dropping his clothes. &quot;I
  was just going to straighten your clothes Sir. You startled me.&quot;  
He stared at her for a few minutes before telling her to come and kneel before
  him. He removed the towel and brought her head forward. &quot;My need right
  now is immediate. See to it.&quot;  
She looked up at him then licked the tip before taking him all the way in.  
Raider gave in to the pleasure. His hands in her hair holding her in place
  as he began pumping in and out. &quot;Suck harder you slut. Suck harder.&quot;  
His body, still full of adrenalin pumped her harder and when she raised her
  hands and gripped his firm ass, digging her nails into him he groaned.  
A moment later his body stiffened, his cock swelled and he groaned as his
  seed bounced off the back of her throat and the copious amount slid down her
  throat MMMMMMM FUCK YEEEESSSSSLUT.&quot;  
She was choking and gasping for air when he finally pulled out of her mouth
  and rubbed the last drops on her lips.  
Smiling he moved away from her and opened a cabinet.  
Taking out a pair of leather cuffs he motioned for her to come to him.  
She was shaking but she obeyed him.  
He locked the two cuffs to her wrists then handed her two more for her ankles
  and told her to fasten them on. He watched her in silence then turned and pushed
  a button and watched as a rotating frame slid out from the wall.  
He smiled, Thomas had liked it so much he had one in the bar, one in the
  cellar and one at home. &quot;Come here, NOW!&quot; he ordered without even
  turning around.  
In only moments she was spread between the rotating posts. He pushed a button
  and her body was stretched. She gasped at the pain as her outstretched arms
  bore her weight.  
He was behind her moments later fastening a collar around her neck and attaching
  a chain from the top of the rotating frame.  
The chain and collar kept her stretched and unable to turn around. All she
  could do was imagine what the sounds were behind her . If she could have seen
  his face as he laid out the various tools he wanted to use on her she would
  have been terrified.  
He had hoped to have some sex, a few laughs and sleep. Now he would have
  to deal with her.  
So stupid to send the wench, she was not a very good spy.  
He walked around in front of her and stood with his legs wide apart and his
  hands behind his back.  
&quot;Listen well slut, I have no patience for your lies. I want to know
  why you were going through my drawers and the closet. He held up his hand,
  in it was a piece of paper. &quot;This was in your skirt pocket, it is mine.
  Who do you spy for slut? Tell me now and while it will not go easy for you
  it will at least be swift.&quot;  
Please, Sir, I do not know how that got in my pocket. P-please d-don't hurt
  me.&quot;  
Raider smiled at her, &quot;Good you wish to take the long and painful way
  out.&quot;  
Walking behind her he picked up the toy of his choice. She heard the ::::WOOOSH
  and CRRRRACK of the whip.  
He did this several times before the first hit on her naked back.  
She screamed shrilly as the burning sting of the lash felt as if she were
  being sliced. Again and again he struck.  
Her lithe body gyrating to the dance of the whip and her screams of pain
  filled the room.  
He stopped only to take a drink of ale.  
Sweat ran down her body stinging the two-dozen lashes he had given her.  
He moved around in front of her and laughed as she begged for mercy. &quot;I
  have no mercy for liars and traitors. YOU are Ragnor's bitch and you will tell
  me all you know.&quot;  
He slashed at her breasts and belly as her body undulated in agony.  
The movements aroused him. He walked to the side and flipped the frame so
  she was nearly face down.  
He moved in behind her and pressed the head of his cock against her tight
  and tiny anus. She moaned as he urged the head of his cock to slide into her
  and gave a full shriek of pain as he quickly rammed his cock into her.  
&quot;AAAAAARRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGHHHHH NOOOOOO!!!! You are killing me.&quot;  
Raider rammed her harder and laughed, &quot;Yes slut, eventually. He was
  merciless in his sodomizing of her.  
He groaned and filled her with his thick cream. When he was finished he used
  her skirt to wipe himself clean.  
&quot;I love the fact that the medtube has been invented. It leaves me so
  many options.&quot;  
He gave her an injection of the alert drug.  
Next he picked up the special pliers he kept there and inserted a large ring.
  He showed it to her before piercing her septum. She screamed as he slowly brought
  the two ends together. &quot;Not bad". He thought as he tugged on it and watched
  her eyes water.  
Next he pried open her mouth and using the same pliers pierced her tongue
  with a thick ring. After that he used a pair of needle nose pliers to pull
  on her left nipple. She moaned as it clamped down on the tender flesh. He then
  pierced the nipple with a thick ring through the fleshy part of the tender
  flesh. He repeated the process with her other nipple, making sure to go slow.
  The slower he did it the more painful it became  
Smiling he showed her three more rings. &quot;She shook her head no and whispered, &quot;Please
  no.&quot; It did not take long to pierce both of her tender pussy lips after
  which he used the pliers to pull on her clit.  
This had her howling in pain and her voice rose to a keening wail as he slowly
  pierced her clit with the large ugly ring.  
Chuckling he went behind her to get a candle. He lit it then took hold of
  the left nipple ring and held the candle under it. Her body twisted and turned,
  the pain so bad she thought she would lose her mind. The smell of her roasting
  flesh filled her nostrils and she watched in horrified fascination as her nipple
  turned black.  
She nearly lost it as the ring pulled free of the burnt flesh. She had no
  rest from the agonizing pain as he began roasting the other nipple. As the
  ring tore through the burnt and mutilated flesh she felt her bladder release
  and her piss covered the floor.  
Raider stared at her in disgust and gripping the clit ring he burned her
  clit until it was gone and the ring jerked free. Tears of pain flowed down
  her cheeks. &quot;Don't worry slut I have a healing wand. Did you know that
  you could go 72 hours before being healed? Well you can but that's for later.
  Within ten minutes both nipples and her clit had been restored. &quot;There,
  good as new. Oh wait something is missing. I know what it is. The rings. I
  am going to do it all over again. Won't that be fun?&quot;  
&quot;NOOOOOO please no more. Please I cannot take it,&quot; she begged piteously.  
You didn't find that to be fun?&quot; His voice turned menacing, &quot;Then
  you tell me what I want to know."  
PART VIII - THE NEXT DAY  
I woke to the heavenly smell of coffee and one giggling fairy girl. 
   
  I opened one eye, &quot;Just how long have you been standing there?&quot;  
   
&quot;Not long MiLady, just long enough to let you wake slowly to the smell of
fresh 
  coffee.&quot; 
   
  I shook my head as she giggled at me. &quot;I need to go check on anna.&quot; 
   
&quot;No need MiLady. I checked on her last night when I came in. I filled up
the 
  container again and took the clamps off and restored blood flow and then 
  reclamped them. I have to say she howled really loud as I rubbed her nipples
  and 
  clit. Perhaps because I used rubber gloves I could not feel how hard I pinched 
  them.&quot; 
   
  I watched as she shrugged her shoulders before she continued. 
   
&quot;Anyway I just removed the clamps and did that again and put them back on.
Oh 
  my, she is very, very, very swollen. Why the slightest touch seems to send
  her 
  into a screaming, begging, spasm of delicious agony.&quot; 
   
  She smiled so sweetly at me I nearly choked on my coffee. 
   
&quot;You, fairy one, are one sadistic little bitch.&quot;  
   
  She giggled, &quot;Yes, MiLady, thank you but I know.&quot; 
   
  I watched as she left the room her hips swaying. I could not wait to tell Raider 
  what she had done and said.... screaming, begging, spasm of delicious agony. 
  Shaking my head I got out of bed. 
   
  After slipping on a robe I went to anna. I opened the door to her screams and
  I 
  walked in. I put on my thick rubber gloves and removed the clamps and turned
  off 
  the pump. She was fairly hoarse from screaming all night. My little friend, 
  theresa was quite right my slave was very swollen. I untied her and told her
  to 
  stand up. 
   
&quot;Into the bathroom with you anna. I want you to wash and hose yourself out 
  front and back. This will hurt and it will not take away the pain but it will 
  take away the itching.&quot; She did not say a word but obeyed me. 
   
  I left her to her howling and cleaning. When she came out she was shaking,
  her 
  knees weak and her eyes watery. I studied her for a while. 
   
&quot;I can see we have much to do with you anna. You have potential but you
are in 
  need of strict discipline. I will not tolerate you sleeping when you should
  have 
  been working. You are not allowed the luxury of simply sleeping the day away.
  I 
  realize you are not use to being a slave. But a slave is what you are. I 
  purchased you from prison. I gave you a chance to have a better life than most 
  prisoners. Instead of being grateful you show me disrespect. I will not tolerate 
  it. You think too highly of yourself. You are not a prized slave anna. You
  are a 
  convict slave. There is a major difference in one who gives herself to slavery 
  and one forced to it. In case no one told you, you are considered less than 
  human.&quot; 
   
  I watched her face seemed to reflect all her emotions. 
   
&quot;You give yourself away slut. You allow your anger and hatred to show. That
is 
  not a wise thing for you to do. Because you need discipline, you will no longer 
  be allowed clothing until such time you are deemed worthy of being covered.
  I 
  have decided to have you displayed for the day. While no one can fuck you,
  they 
  can touch and do other things to you.&quot; 
   
  I turned from her and slipped into my tight black pants and my knee boots.
  I 
  settled on a dark turquoise silk blouse to complete my ensemble. Beckoning
  to 
  anna I bid her to follow me. 
   
  I started to the door and theresa stopped me. 
   
&quot;Did you want the collar and leash MiLady?&quot; 
   
&quot;Reading my mind again fairy one?&quot; 
   
&quot;I guess so MiLady.&quot; She giggled and handed them to me. 
   
  I fastened the collar to anna and attached the leash. 
   
&quot;Now remember anna, head up, eyes down, shoulders back. If I stop to talk
you 
  are to squat down. When I tug on the leash you will stand again. This punishment 
  is to rid you of your false pride. Only in making me proud of your acceptance
  of 
  your punishment are you to find pride. If I say display yourself to someone
  you 
  will lock your hands behind your head and spread your legs wide. If they touch 
  you, you will make no sound.&quot; 
   
  I put on my soft leather gloves and turned back to her. As I stroked her left 
  nipple and watched her shudder from the pain my hand caused her, I spoke softly 
  to her. 
   
   
&quot;Remember that the pain of obedience is always less than the pain of 
  disobedience. One more thing to remember is that hesitation to obey is 
  disobedience.&quot; 
   
  That said, I pulled on the leash and with theresa by my side we set off to
  walk 
  the two blocks to town. 
   
  As we started to leave Murphy's D's Pub, Raider came out the other door. 
   
  The girl with him had spent the night far worse off than anna. Finger and 
  toenails had been removed. She had been whipped, cropped, caned, and heaven
  only 
  knows what else. Her arms were bound behind her at wrist and elbow. Her hair
  was 
  pulled to the top of her head and a hook had been braided into the long braid. 
   
  Raider looked like a thundercloud as he came out the door. He did not speak
  or 
  nod to me. 
   
  The naked girl was on her knees and forced to crawl as Raider held her by the 
  hair and as he picked up speed he half dragged her along the street to the 
  scaffolding in the center of town where he handed her over to two men. 
   
&quot;See that this slut is hung by her hair.&quot; 
   
  He turned then and leaned over and gave me a kiss on the cheek. 
   
&quot;Morning D'elle. Looking good as usual.&quot; 
   
&quot;Why thank you.&quot; I pointed to the girl, &quot;Care to share the reason
for that?&quot;&nbsp; He 
  nodded and smiled as theresa came forward carrying a cup of coffee. 
   
&quot;Reading my mind again fairy one?&quot; Both theresa and I broke into laughter.
I 
  briefly told him about the morning. 
   
&quot;She really said that? Screaming, begging, spasm of delicious agony?&quot; Shaking 
  his head he began laughing. &quot;Then you said the same as I? Too much.&quot; 
   
  He was still shaking his head as he mounted the scaffold he held up his hands 
  for silence to the crowd staring up at him. 
   
&quot;Let me have your attention for a moment. I need to know all that you have
told 
  this girl. She is one of Ragnor's whores. She thought to steal information
  from 
  me. That was a mistake. She has confessed to me the error of her ways. She
  will 
  hang here today in full view of all of you. Tomorrow begins her punishment.
  One 
  hundred days of torture. When the one hundred days are up she will be put to 
  death. Her name she tells me is Lorna. I want to know all about her from those 
  of you who know her. Do NOT make me search you out or you will join her here.&quot;  
  That said he came down the steps. 
   
  I handed anna over to two men to place on the punishment post. Her arms were 
  bound to the cross piece and her ankles were fastened to the outside of her 
  wrists. She was horrified as this left her totally exposed. A penis gag was 
  placed in her mouth. The people of the town did not disappoint me. They were 
  soon passing by fingering her, pinching her, squeezing her tender parts.&nbsp; I 
  noticed that theresa was in the line as well. I nudged Raider and pointed to 
  theresa. He simply shook his head. 
   
  Raider and I walked a short distance away from the crowd.  
   
&quot;D'elle, Ragnor is only ten miles from here. He and his men are on the other 
  side of the cove. If I can surprise him he will be our prisoner.&quot;&nbsp; Raiders
  voice 
  was husky and full of emotion.  
   
&quot;Raider, do we have enough men for this?&quot; I couldn't help notice that
my voice 
  was quivery. &quot;I want this man dead Raider.&quot; 
   
&quot;Never fear D'elle. He will not live. I am going to send one of my best
trackers 
  out to see what he can find out. I do not want him attacking us. The element
  of 
  surprise is on my side. I have had the entire town encircled. NO one in or
  out.&quot;&nbsp;  
   
  Morgana was taken down and hosed off and placed in the medtube. She was filthy 
  and covered in dried semen and piss. Her body was covered with welts and stripes 
  and cuts. But the medtube repaired her nicely. I ordered her to be placed back 
  as she had been and for the crowd to continue to use her to their hearts 
  content. 
   
  As I turned to leave the people to their fun I noticed theresa. She was standing 
  there with a pout on her face. 
   
&quot;Now what? What is that pout for my fairy girl?&quot; 
   
&quot;All my crop work gone. Poof just like that.&quot; 
   
&quot;Um theresa might I point out that you can do it all again?&quot; I laughed. 
   
&quot;OHHHHHH YESSSS!!!!!!!!!! WAIT I must punish her. Thank you mi lady.&quot; She
took 
  off running for the wagon as the last chain was attached to Morgana. I laughed 
  as Morgana's hoarse scream was heard. 
   
  That evening Raider and I ate with Thomas at his pub. A hearty Irish stew filled 
  our stomachs nicely. I sipped water as the men drank their Irish brew. 
   
&quot;Have you heard yet from your man my friend?&quot; asked Thomas. His usually
smiling 
  face was filled with concern. 
   
&quot;Not yet, Thomas but before dawn I should have word.&nbsp; The men of the
town must 
  be ready at a moments notice.&quot; Raider responded somberly. 
   
  I listened for awhile longer then bid my farewells for the night. I left the
  two 
  men to their talk of war. I knew what I had to do when the time came and I
  would 
  do it.  
   
  I entered my room to find anna, having been returned earlier, moving slowly
  and 
  painfully as she cleaned the furniture. She paused when I entered and I motioned 
  for her to continue. Like Raider, I preferred staying at the pub because Thomas 
  had all the delightful toys I so loved to use. 
   
  I opened a cupboard and rolled out the platform with the half barrel on legs
  on 
  it. I motioned for anna to come to me. 
   
&quot;On your back slut.&quot; I waited for her to obey. She stared defiantly
at me and my 
  cold smile told her she had done wrong once more. Tears rolled down her cheeks 
  as she positioned herself on her back on the half barrel. I smiled as theresa 
  came out of her room adjoining mine. 
   
&quot;I will do that for you mi Lady.&quot; At my nod she fastened anna's wrists
to the 
  base of the platform and then spread her legs wide and chained them. I pressed
  a 
  button and the barrel rose on the four legs. It stretched anna taut and she 
  moaned at the discomfort. 
   
&quot;I will not tolerate disobedience anna. As I told you before you are a prison 
  slave with no choices. This one, pointing to theresa, is a slave also. However, 
  she is a treasured slave owned by Lord Frederick. She is his by her own consent. 
  He owns her but did not pay for her as I paid for you. She is under my 
  protection while he must be away. She is also special to me. YOU, are not.
  You 
  are here to serve your time and I will see to it that you do and do it painfully.&quot; 
   
  A knock sounded as I finished speaking and theresa let Raider into the room.
  I 
  nodded to him and he removed his jacket and handed it to theresa. He walked
  to 
  anna and ran his hands over her swollen nipples. He watched her face as he 
  pinched and twisted them cruelly. He smiled as it contorted and a hoarse cry
  of 
  pain emanated from her. 
   
  I whispered to theresa what to fetch and she hurried to do so. He sat on a
  stool 
  by anna's head. He smiled as theresa offered him his choice of knives. He 
  selected a serrated hunting knife. Smiling he showed her the huge knife and
  she 
  whimpered in fear. He grabbed a handful of hair and hacked it off close to
  the 
  scalp. The knife sawing back and forth as piece after piece of hair fell to
  the 
  ground. 
   
&quot;NOOOOOOO!!! Oh no no please no. Not my hair&quot; she rasped out. 
   
  Raider reached up and pinched her nipples hard. 
   
&quot;NEVER speak without permission slut.&quot;&nbsp; He turned as theresa rolled
a tray table 
  over to him. A pan of water was next to the cloth covering his choice of tools. 
  He lifted the cloth and looked at the knives. 
   
&quot;MMMM I wonder which one would be best.? He held up a long thin knife as
he 
  stood and moved to anna's side. 
   
&quot;This is a skinning knife. You make and X and pull back the flap and begin 
  cutting between the skin and the muscles that lie beneath. You can just make
  a 
  line from the neck to the pubic bone.&quot; He ran the knife down the front
  of her 
  from neck, between the breasts, to the pubic bone. She was sobbing now. &quot;Or
  you 
  can simply cut around each breast and pull it off. I understand they make 
  excellent tobacco pouches.&quot; 
   
  I smiled at him and shook my head. He did like to scare them first.  
   
&quot;Now hold still slut. I do not want to cut you but if you move this is very
sharp.&quot; 
   
  He used the knife to trace a path down her legs, first one then the other.
  He 
  moved up the inner thigh and nudged her pussy lips. He opened her lips and 
  prodded the clit with the tip of the knife. She could not see him change the 
  knife for one whose edges were not sharp. She was sobbing harder. 
   
&quot;Ever wonder what it would be like to go through life with no clit?&quot; 
   
&quot;NOOOOOOOOO OOOOH PLEEEEEEEEAAAAASSSSSEEEEEEE NOOO!!!!!!&quot; anna could
hold back no longer and she screamed. 
   
  He grabbed her clit and held the dull knife to it. 
   
&quot;Speak one more time slut and I will cut this from you and feed it to you.
If 
  you don't want to be sliced then don't move. He slowly inserted the dull knife 
  into her vagina. She whimpered as he moved it in and out. He chuckled as he 
  fucked her with the knife for she became wet. 
   
&quot;What a slut you have here D'elle. She is hot for my knife. Look at how
wet she 
  has become yet she whimpers in fear. I should gut her here and now. Some sluts 
  just never learn. Let us hope for her sake she is not one of them. I can always 
  skin her for you my friend. Did you know that a slut like this one can live 
  several days without her skin. It is very painful especially when you douse
  them 
  with salt water. 
   
&quot;I did not know that Raider. Perhaps if she is such a slut I should have
you do 
  that and be done with it.&quot; I said playing along with him. I smiled as
  I looked 
  over to see theresa watching intently. 
   
  Raider stood and moved to her side. The dull knife still in his hand he circled 
  her nipple with it. Then as she gasped he moved it down to the base of her 
  breast. 
   
&quot;I could make you a coin purse out of her tit D'elle. But perhaps we should 
  tattoo a design on it first. I did that once. Had the bitchs tit tattooed with 
  tigers then I cut it around the base here and peeled it back. Anna moaned in 
  fear and relieved herself all over the platform. Without warning Raider 
  unfastened his crop from his waist and struck her pussy hard. She screeched
  in 
  pain as he landed a dozen blows to her already sore and swollen sex. 
   
&quot;Stupid cow. HOW DARE YOU soil yourself without permission. When I am done
you 
  will lick that up. I had best get on with this. 
   
  He showed her the knife he would use then began. Slowly he made his first pass. 
  It was only a few inches long from the side toward the back of the head. As
  he 
  went he wet her head just a bit. The drag of the knife made the skin red and 
  anna moaned at yet more pain. He continued to make each pass overlap the 
  previous one. Anna did not move but continued to cry as he slowly turned her 
  head this way and that to complete his work. 
   
  He was not done when the head was shaved and the tender exposed skin was red.
  He 
  did not bother to wet her eyebrows but simply scraped them off. It left two 
  angry red marks on her forehead.  
   
&quot;Not bad if I do say so myself D'elle. What do you think?&quot;&nbsp; He
asked, smiling 
  wickedly. 
   
&quot;A perfect job my friend.&quot; Now sit back and relax and enjoy.&quot;&nbsp; He
shook his head 
  and pulled up a comfortable chair and theresa fetched a footstool for him.
  I   
used a mirror and showed anna her new hairless head. She cried harder. 
   
&quot;I had hoped that a day on display in town would have curbed that temper
and 
  self pride of yours. It has not. I have to tell you it does not sadden me to 
  punish you. I enjoy it immensely. You, however, will not.&quot; 
   
  I turned and theresa brought me the tray containing my piercing tool and the 
  silver rings of a slave. Raider smiled and leaned over to hold her head for
  me. 
  His grip was like a vise. I placed the first ring in the piercing clamp and 
  brought it to her nose. Her eyes widened in horror as she realized what I was 
  going to do. The crunch of cartilage was heard as she howled at the pain. This 
  was followed by the snap as the ring joined together. 
   
  Next I placed another thick ring in the piercing tool. I pulled on her left 
  nipple and she moaned. I could have healed her but I wanted her to feel the
  pain 
  even more. I slowly closed the jaws of the tool on her swollen nipple. Blood
  ran 
  down her breast as the thick ring pushed through the flesh. Her keening howl 
  seemed to fill the room.&nbsp; I repeated the procedure on her right nipple. 
   
  I let her rest for a moment while I poured Raider and I some ale. 
   
&quot;I think I shall save the rest for another time. It grows late and I want
to 
  have a little fun with her.&quot; I turned to theresa, &quot;Please put the
  tray back and 
  bring me the braided cat and my flexible rod.&quot; 
   
&quot;OHHH at once mi Lady.&quot; I watched her hurry to bring it to me her giggle 
  following her.  
   
  I began with the braided cat. I worked her breasts and belly and thighs. She
  was 
  open and vulnerable and her nipples and clit were so swollen.&nbsp; I did not
  spare 
  so much as an inch of exposed flesh from the bite of the cat. She writhed as 
  much as she could with each lash. I handed the cat to theresa and took from
  her 
  the rod. I took my soft leather gloves from my pocket. 
   
  I slowly ran the rod over her body letting her feel it against her skin. I 
  tapped it against her inner thigh several times before bringing it down hard.
  I 
  was rewarded with a scream. Again and again I struck her. Her thigh bore each 
  welt prominently. I moved to the other thigh and repeated the process. Smiling
  I 
  moved to her breasts. I struck the top and then the underside of each. No 
  tapping this time, I simply struck hard. I pulled each breast up by the newly 
  installed ring and struck the nipple hard. 
   
  Raider's eyes had darkened lustfully and theresa was licking her lips. I turned 
  and brought the rod down on her swollen clit. Her body tore at the bindings
  that 
  held her and she screeched. Again and again I swung it until her body shuddered 
  and lay still. She was unconscious. I sighed. 
   
&quot;Well enough for the night. She seems to have been done in by the day's
events. 
  They just don't make them like they use to. Theresa would you unchain her? &quot; I 
  tossed water in her face. She gasped and shook her head. &quot;Get up slut
  and lie on 
  the rug at the foot of the bed.&quot; I watched as she struggled to obey. &quot;Wait.
  I 
  forgot. Lick up your piss first slut.&quot;&nbsp; She looked up and me and
  then at Raider 
  with the knife still in his hand and obeyed my command. 
   
&quot;Thank you for shaving her head for me.&quot;&nbsp; I gave Raider a hug. 
   
&quot;No need to D'elle it was my pleasure. I will let you know tomorrow what
is 
  going on.&quot; With that he was gone. I hugged theresa and kissed her forehead. 
   
&quot;You may retire theresa. Thank you for your help.&quot; I held up my hand. &quot;Yes, 
  before you say it, I know you love it. Now scoot to bed.&quot;   
PART IX - Betrayal 
   
  The next day promised to be bright and brisk. I could not help but wonder what
  news of 
  Ragnor had been heard. I hurried and showered and dressed once again in tight 
  fitting pants and my knee boots. I pulled a sweater over my head and thought
  to 
  myself how cold anna was going to be today. 
   
  She moaned as I nudged her awake. Her thighs were still welted and bruised. 
   
&quot;Get up slut. Go and shower and be quick. Oh, and anna, do not relieve yourself. 
   
  I brushed my hair and saw to my makeup. I chuckled to myself at anna as she
  saw 
  herself for the first time. She made an awful lot of noise. I don't think she 
  liked her red head with no hair. 
   
  I looked out the window and saw celeste moving slowly along the street. I saw
  a 
  man in a dark leather coat stop and speak to her. I do not know what made me 
  think to do it but I picked up my holo-camera and began recording. I turned
  my 
  head as theresa came in and when I turned back the man was walking away. I
  would 
  watch this later. I could not place what it was that made me wary about the 
  man but it would come to me.  
   
  I watched anna come out of the bath and walk to me and kneel at my feet. I
  was 
  not fooled. She had not yet resigned herself to her new life. But then I had
  not 
  finished with her either. She had much to learn and I was more than delighted
  to 
  teach her. 
   
&quot;Morning MiLady. I trust you slept well.&quot;&nbsp; I smiled at theresa's
sleepy voice. 
   
&quot;Yes sleepy fairy girl. I take it your Master called last night after you
retired. I watched her face light up. 
   
&quot;OH yes he did. It was wonderful. He was so happy to hear my voice and was
most 
  interested in all that you did to anna. I told him how Lord Raider shaved her 
  head with a knife and how I thought he was going to skin her. Oh and he is
  doing 
  well and he thanks you again for looking after me.&nbsp; I was so happy to
  hear him 
  as well.&quot; She finally stopped talking and took a breath. 
   
&quot;Let us go down to breakfast. I am sure Raider is probably already up.&quot; 
   
  After fastening a leash to anna's collar I set off down the steps to the main 
  room below.&nbsp; As I had thought, Raider was there talking to Thomas. I kissed
  both 
  the men on the cheek and ordered breakfast. Once breakfast ended Thomas 
  remembered a package that was brought to me from my home. 
   
&quot;Oh good. If its what I think it is I will be very very happy.&quot; 
   
&quot;What might that be my Dark Angel?&quot; Thomas asked, a bit intrigued. 
   
  I pulled out a small box and in it were several rings. I selected one and 
  slipped it on my middle finger. 
   
&quot;Thomas, do you by any chance have a slave in need of punishment?&quot; I
asked 
  smiling wickedly. 
   
&quot;I do indeed my Dark Angel.&quot; He replied and left to bring the slave
to us. 
   
  The girl was young not much more than eighteen. She was naked except for a 
  loincloth. I had him put her in the wooden chair. Her face showed her fear
  very 
  nicely. 
   
&quot;Thomas would you be so kind as to tie the girl for me? Bring her arms up
over 
  the back of the chair. Tie her wrists together and bring her elbows close to 
  together then tie her wrists to the bottom rung so her back is well arched.
  Then 
  tie her legs so they are wide apart and her ankles are tied to the bottom of
  the 
  back legs.&quot; Thomas did all I asked. &quot;Thank you my friend.&quot; 
   
  The girl's body was arched, she could only look up, and her perky young breasts 
  were pointing to the ceiling. I put my gloves on, ripped off the loincloth
  and 
  holding the ring in my hand I touched the stone to her left nipple. Had Thomas 
  not caught the chair the girl would have flipped it over. 
   
&quot;AAAAAIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE NNOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!&quot; She screamed 
  shrilly, her body shaking in pain. 
   
  I touched her right nipple and held it there. At first she could make no sound, 
  the pain was so intense. Then the keening wail that sounded like a wounded 
  animal filled the room. 
   
&quot;What the hell kind of ring is that D'elle? Asked a very interested Raider. 
   
&quot;It's a stimmer ring. My slave, Theodore, the one who built my processing 
  tunnel, made it for me. Well, actually for us.&quot;  
   
  I picked up the other rings and began touching her body. Her head and her 
  breasts were so sensitive. I spread her pussy lips and touched her clit. At 
  first her hips gyrated in pleasure and her juices ran down her spread thighs.
  As 
  she began to cum I set the ring to high and her body shook with the pain and
  her 
  scream was so loud it hurt my ears.&nbsp; Her sobs and her shaking body had 
  everyone's attention. I tested each of the rings at all the different levels. 
   
  I gave Thomas, Raider and theresa each a ring. 
   
&quot;I have another for Lord Oak and I wish he were here now.&quot; As if on
cue he 
  entered the pub. 
   
&quot;Do you always get what you wish for D'elle?&quot;&nbsp; Laughed Lord Oak. 
   
&quot;Yes I do if I wish hard enough. Now come here and let me show you how to
use 
  the ring. You can see on the side there is a small button. Each click advances 
  it higher. There are eight settings and the number can be seen in the center
  of 
  the stone. It is used for instance if someone comes up behind you and grabs
  you. 
  You just shove this against him or her.&quot; 
   
  The men and theresa looked at the ring and Raider stepped forward and tested
  it 
  on the girl. Her screech of pain as he touched her nipple told me it was set
  to 
  high. He tried out all of the settings. Then Thomas tried his ring. He seemed
  to 
  like the highest setting as he worked her breasts and nipples. Then Lord Oak 
  gently stroked her face. She calmed down just before he pressed the ring to
  her 
  clit. He tried out all seven settings on her clit and we all enjoyed her 
  gyrations and her screams, sobs and pleading. 
   
  Then as we watched a very solemn theresa walked to her. She started at the
  first 
  setting and tried them on her nipples and then her clit. She held the stone
  for 
  several seconds at each setting. The highest setting and the results of it
  had 
  theresa quite flushed. She turned around, her face beaming in one of her 
  brightest smiles. 
   
&quot;OOOOOOH MiLady it is wonderful.&quot; She laughed excitedly. 
   
  All of us laughed. I looked in the box and saw that there was something else.
  I 
  picked up what looked like a handle to a whip. I read the note attached. Smiling 
  I asked them to stand back from the girl. I pointed the handle and pushed a 
  button on top and the girl's body arched back and she screamed as the welt 
  appeared on her breasts. The group stood staring incredulously. I laid several 
  more welts on her breasts. 
   
&quot;I know you all are wondering what this is. It's a sort of whip. It looks 
  harmless and it is until activated. Each one is set so that the first to use
  it 
  imprints his or her fingerprint on the button and no one else can get it to 
  work. It is a sort of a failsafe thing so it can't be used on you. It sends
  out 
  waves of pain from the crystal and leaves painful welts but does not break
  the 
  skin. However, the welts will last for a minimum of two weeks. Theodore says
  the 
  pain will feel like it did when first inflicted for the first week. He tells
  me 
  he had it tested on a slave from the field who had caused a problem. He was
  able 
  to continue working but was in a great deal of pain.&quot; 
   
  Raider came forward and took the handle I held out to him. It had his name
  on 
  the side and he put his finger on the button and swung it at the girl. The
  welt 
  formed across her belly and was followed by several more. I handed Thomas his 
  and he motioned to Lord Oak. 
   
&quot;Here you go Mighty One try it out.&quot; I handed his to him and he laughed
for the 
  name on it was THE Mighty Oak. He pressed the button and watched the welt form 
  on her thigh. He decorated both thighs with several welts. The girls voice
  was 
  getting hoarse from the screaming. 
   
&quot;theresa here is yours.&quot; I smiled and handed hers. 
   
&quot;MINE MiLady? She looked so surprised. I tapped the handle. It said Fairy
Girl 
  on it. OH MiLady, thank you soooooo much.&quot; 
   
&quot;You are very welcome my little fairy girl. Now go ahead and try it out.&quot; 
   
  She did just that. She struck her under arms and sides and she hit the girl's 
  pussy several times producing shriek after shriek from the girl. When she was 
  done we watched Thomas untie the girl and take her across the room and tied
  her 
  bent over an unoccupied table. We watched as he began at her shoulders striking 
  her naked flesh all the way down to her knees. Row after row of welts went
  from 
  neck to knee in almost perfect lines. Whatever she had done, I was sure would 
  not be repeated. 
   
  As he released the girl I told Raider of the man talking to celeste. Moments 
  later the man walked into the pub. I nodded to Raider and he watched the man
  as 
  he crossed the floor. 
   
&quot;I know where I saw him. He was in town just before the attack. I need to
go 
  check the holo cam and see what it holds.&quot; As I finished speaking I did
  not need 
  to look behind me to know that one by one they would come to my room. 
   
  I put the disk into the hologram projector and we watched as the man spoke
  to 
  celeste and she reached under the dung in her wagon and spoke into the filthy 
  wagon. The man turned and walked away. 
   
&quot;There is my leak.&quot; Raider's voice was low and calm. He turned around
but Thomas 
  was already gone. A shout from downstairs had us all on the run. We got there
  in 
  time to see the man laid low with a blow from Thomas. 
   
  When I got there I looked down at the man and suddenly it became clear why
  I 
  thought there was something wrong. He was a she. 
   
&quot;Pick.... that up and bring it downstairs to Thomas' dungeon.&quot; I laughed
as the 
  three men stood staring at me giving orders to them. &quot; I was going to
  say please 
  until I saw your faces. Oh do stop looking at me as if I had three heads. I 
  can't lift it. Would you three wonderfully macho men help me, PLLLLLEEEASEEE?&quot;  
  I laughed at the grumbled comments that came from behind me. I believe I heard 
  the words &quot;Bitch&quot; and &quot;smartass&quot; from them.  
   
  Once downstairs they put their burden down on the rack. 
   
&quot;I thought there was something funny about this person. It just wouldn't
come to 
  me until I saw the body on the floor. It was the walk. He is a she and when
  she 
  thought no one was around this morning she walked like a girl.&quot; 
   
  Raider took his knife and began cutting away at her shirt and pants. Naked
  she 
  was quite something to look at. How unfortunate that she would be marked. I
  set 
  about fastening her ankles to the rack. The men stared at her with what could 
  only be described as a lustful look. I shook my head and noticed that theresa 
  was chaining her wrists to the other end. 
   
&quot;Thank you theresa. Would you go and get my leather box. The one with the
carry 
  strap and please be careful. I would rather you take you time with it. I don't 
  want the contents broken. I only need that box so you needn't bring anything 
  else.&quot; 
   
&quot;Yes, MiLady at once.&quot; We all watched her hurry to do as I asked. I
saw anna by 
  the steps watching. 
   
&quot;I want you to come over here where you can see what I will do to this trash.
It 
  will be a good lesson for you on what happens to those who betray others. Her 
  reasons do not matter. She may well have been forced to do this. But she could 
  have come to us at any time. She could have gone to Raider and told him or
  if 
  too afraid to do that she could have come to me. But she did not. So now she 
  will pay dearly.&nbsp; Her answers will save her from a painful death but only
  if 
  they are the correct answers.&nbsp; You will do well to remember that.&quot; 
   
  I smiled as theresa returned with my case and carefully set it on the table
  I 
  indicated that was placed near the rack.  
   
&quot;Thank you theresa. I know you like to help but part of what I do this time
must 
  be done by only me. I will allow your assistance for part of it so don't pout.&quot; 
  I watched as she nodded and grinned. 
   
  I used smelling salts to awaken the girl. Raider stood to one side and I to
  the 
  other. Thomas and Lord Oak stood at her head staring down at her.&nbsp; She
  tried to 
  get up but the chains held her in place. I smiled as Raider ran his hand over 
  her breasts and gave them a squeeze. 
   
&quot;Get your hands off me!&quot; She said in a very cold but calm voice. Raider
chuckled 
  at her words and tone. 
   
&quot;Those are brave words coming from someone in your precarious position.
I have many questions slut and I want them answered. I usually get what I want.
Now as the clich&eacute; goes, you can make this easy or hard on yourself. Answer
now and be free from pain or 
  later after you have suffered greatly. I have time so I hope you refuse at 
  first. But I know my friend here and sooner or later you will talk. She is
  all 
  yours D'elle.&quot; 
   
  As he finished speaking two men brought Lorna down the steps. She looked 
  exhausted from her overnight ordeal. Hanging by ones hair in the cool night
  air 
  would exhaust anyone.&nbsp; I indicated that she was to be placed on the horse.
  I had 
  chosen the horse because she could be seated on it so she faced the rack. Her 
  arms were placed behind her and tied then raised up and attached to a chain.
  Her 
  head was pulled back and her hair attached easily to her wrists. A ball gag
  was 
  shoved in her mouth and buckled behind her head. She began moaning immediately 
  for the horse shows no mercy. Her legs were tied together under the horse. 
   
  Thomas smiled and took out the handle and lashed the girl across her breasts. 
  She screamed through the gag as he lashed her several times. The welts formed
  on 
  her breasts immediately.&nbsp; Thomas turned and smiled his wicked smile at
  us. 
   
&quot;Booooobies. I like boobies.&quot; After he broke the tension in the room
we all 
  turned back to the pleasant job ahead. At least I thought it was pleasant. 
   
  Why aren't you surprised that the wench is here Raider?&quot; I watched his
  face as I 
  waited for his answer. 
   
&quot;I sent for her.&quot; We looked at each other and began to laugh. 
   
&quot;Scary my friend we both sent for her.&quot; I shook my head. 
   
  I went to my case and opened it. I prepared two syringes of the &quot;awake&quot; drug.
  I 
  handed one to theresa along with a pair of gloves. 
   
&quot;Please see that Lorna is kept awake.&quot;&nbsp; She nodded to me and hurried
over to the 
  girl. I watched as she pulled on her nipples and injected some of the drug
  into 
  each tip. Then she went behind her and Thomas smiled and parted the girls'
  ass 
  cheeks. Theresa then injected the drug into the rim of her ass. This elicited
  a 
  loud screech of pain from her. Theresa walked serenely back to me and tossed
  the 
  empty syringe into the trash.  
   
&quot;Mind handing me those tongs over there theresa?&quot; She nodded and watched
as I 
  took them in my hand. I gripped the tip of the girls' breast and pulled it
  up as 
  I clamped it tight. She gritted her teeth to keep from screaming. I jammed
  a long 
  needle into the tip and though she made a valiant effort to keep still she
  screamed sweetly for me. I gave it a nice twist before releasing it. I smiled
  and patted her cheek. 
   
&quot;I would not have to hurt you if you told us what we want to know.&quot; When
she 
  said nothing I continued on to her other nipple and repeated the procedure.
  I 
  I went from her nipples to her feet and without touching them I rammed the 
  needle into her heel. She howled in pain. I hate feet but they are so tender
  and vulnerable. I smiled and turned to Raider. 
   
&quot;Would you like to begin Raider?&quot; His smile said it all and I watched
as he   
leaned over the rack. He let his hands wander over her body. He whispered 
  something to theresa and she returned with a wooden block. When he lifted her 
  hips up theresa slid it under her ass. Then she turned the wheel just a bit
  to 
  stretch the girl. 
   
  Raider stared at her for a few minutes. Then removed the crop from his belt.
  He 
  smiled and ran it over her body. She watched as he stared at each portion he
  ran 
  the crop over. While her attention was on him tapping her thigh he laid his
  hand 
  on her breast and the ring did the rest. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOOO STOPPPPP IT HUUUUURTS!!!!!&quot; Her wails
seemed to echo in the dungeon. He merely smiled and ran his hand over the other
breast as 
  he waited for her to calm down. As he felt her heart slow down a bit he zapped 
  her other nipple. Again her back arched and she struggled to free herself.
  She was 
  sobbing now and feared his hand as he moved down her body. He cupped her sex
  and 
  began massaging her clit. She moaned as he put the stimmer on one and she grew 
  wetter and wetter. His fingers probed her wet cunt and the stimmer ring made
  her 
  clit hard. She moaned and as she started to cum, Raider pushed it up to eight. 
   
&quot;AAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.&quot; She sobbed so
nicely. I watched as he repeated this several times. First bringing her to the
beginning 
  of an orgasm only to fill her with more pain then she could ever have imagined 
  possible.&nbsp; In no time she was begging him for release. 
   
&quot;You know what I want. Talk and I shall give you what you need so badly.&quot; She 
  turned her head away from him. He chuckled and stepped back from her. &quot;Do
  what 
  you wish to her D'elle.&quot; 
   
  I put on a leather apron and some safety glasses along with special gloves.
  The 
  men and theresa watched in curiosity. I asked for the block to be removed and 
  for theresa to turn the wheel until I said stop. When I did the girl was 
  stretched to the point just before dislocation of her shoulders and hips. I
  gave 
  her one last chance to talk but was glad when she refused. She lay there 
  groaning deliciously. 
   
  I took out a scalpel and I made a deep cut in her thigh about three inches
  long. 
  Her howl of pain was nothing. I took out a bottle and using a glass dropper
  I 
  removed some of the liquid from the bottle. Using my free hand I opened the 
  wound and squeezed out the contents of the dropper along the cut. At first
  all 
  we heard was her indrawn breath as the bubbling started in the wound. Then
  her 
  blood-curdling shriek of pain filled the room.&nbsp; The wound was turning
  black and 
  I smiled at my friends. 
   
&quot;Sulfuric acid. It cauterizes from the inside out. It's quite painful as
you can 
  see and hear.&quot;&nbsp; I leaned over her leg and made several more incisions.
  Then 
  began on the other leg. 
   
&quot;NOOOOOOO NO NO NO NO NO NO. Pleassssssssssse no more.&quot; Her voice was
low and 
  trembling as she choked back sobs.&nbsp; I said nothing to her but set about
  filling 
  each of the twelve cuts I had just made. Her shrieks of pain were loud and 
  constant. This was as close to the pain caused by the crystal that you could 
  get. I let her rest for a moment. I watched theresa's flushed face as she stared 
  intently at each cut now turning black and still bubbling with the acid. 
   
  The girl lay moaning for the pain had not abated. Each wound was on fire with 
  the acid burning into her raw flesh. I continued on to her belly. Then I moved 
  to her left breast. Her voice was raw from screaming. It came out in whispers
  as 
  she tried to speak. 
   
&quot;Please no more. I will tell you what you want to know. Lorna and I were
sent to 
  keep watch of you and Raider. The girl celeste is or was his lover. She will
  do 
  anything for Ragnor. He is now camped on this side of the cove. He hides in
  the 
  old underground caves. He is digging to the towns' tunnels. His men will invade 
  in three days time. That is all I know. Please, kill me now. I can not bear
  the 
  pain.&quot; 
   
&quot;Oh it is not that easy slut. We shall verify what you have told us. If
you lie 
  this day will seem like bliss.&quot; I set about loosening the rack and removing
  the 
  chains. After warning her to remain still I neutralized the acid. Thomas and 
  Lord Oak grabbed her and put her in one of the cells. They chained her wrists 
  behind her and chained her feet together. A chain and collar of metal were 
  fastened to her neck. The door slammed shut behind them and her sobs could
  no 
  longer be heard. 
   
  Raider had Lorna taken down off the horse and placed in the medtube in the
  far 
  corner. I left the dungeon and when I came back Lorna had been restored. Raider 
  was checking over her new fingernails and testing them for hardness. He smiled 
  and stroked her face. She tried to bite him and her jerked her head back. 
   
&quot;I can tell that you have learned nothing from last nights ordeal. We shall 
  have to see about that.&nbsp; He had her placed in what looked like a reclining
  St. 
  Andrews' cross. Her arms were spread up and out to the sides and her legs were 
  spread wide apart. Her head was strapped down and she had very little movement. 
  She sat in a somewhat upright position. 
   
  I watched as Raider had the brazier carried over to where the chair was. It
  was 
  then that I noticed the long metal rods turning white hot in the coals. Using 
  gloves he picked up one long slender rod and showed it to her.&nbsp; Then smiling
  he 
  laid it onto her inner left thigh. She screamed as it sizzled into her tender 
  flesh. He said nothing to her as he put that rod back in the coals and removed 
  another and laid it on her right inner thigh. 
   
&quot;IIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!&quot; she shrieked pitifully. He laid another
on her 
  belly and then another. 
   
&quot;NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMOREEEEEEEE plllllllleaaaaaaaaaase no more.&quot; Raider
did not even 
  pause as he selected another rod and laid it on her left breast. She was 
  becoming frantic now and her screams more pitiful and more frightened. Raider 
  simply continued to burn her with the rods. Nearly two-dozen brands covered
  her 
  naked flesh from neck to knee when he laid the first of six on her feet. Three 
  on each before she shrieked out at him that she would talk. 
   
  That is when anna tried to make a break for it and run up the stairs. But 
  theresa who was closest to her shoved her ringed hand into anna's back. Her
  ring 
  was set on high and anna screamed and fell to her knees. Thomas and Lord Oak 
  grabbed her and she soon hung by her wrists dangling inches from the floor. 
   
&quot;Thank you fairy girl.&quot; I gave theresa a hug and Raider came forward
and also 
  took her in his arms. 
   
&quot;Well done theresa! That was quick thinking on your part.&quot; I watched
as she 
  blushed and received hugs from both Lord Oak and Thomas. 
   
&quot;Raider is right theresa you did a fine job and we are proud of you.&quot; Thomas 
  smiled at her as he kissed her cheek. 
   
&quot;OH MY. Thank you all. I-I am speechless for a change.&quot; She smiled
so brightly 
  and her face turned red.&nbsp; I walked over to anna and stared at her. 
   
&quot;I am both delighted and disappointed in you anna. Either way I am sure
to enjoy 
  your suffering. I walked back to Lorna and waited for her to begin. 
   
  It was an interesting tale of love and greed and Ragnor's' need to have it
  all. 
  He wanted the town of Demons Rest and he wanted Raider's head and it seemed
  that 
  he wanted me as well. The thought made me laugh. Ragnor was too stupid to have 
  me. But one thing that was most interesting was that anna, my slave, anna was 
  their ringleader and part of Ragnor's army. No wonder she was still defiant
  this 
  morning.  
   
  I turned my attention to anna as did the others. Over my shoulder I spoke to 
  theresa and asked her to fetch the generator, the special needles and special 
  clamps. 
   
&quot;Now then anna slut. I know you think you are very tough. You think last
night 
  was bad and you can endure anything. I assure you, you are very wrong. Theresa 
  while you are over there bring me my black leather bag please.&quot; 
   
&quot;Yes. MiLady, right away.&nbsp; I waited until she hurried back. Opening
the black 
  bag I pulled out a syringe and filled it with a green liquid. Raider looked
  at 
  me puzzled for he had not seen it before. 
   
&quot;This is a unique drug. It takes some time to really work well but once
it does 
  it is amazing. First it burns like fire wherever you inject it. Then it 
  heightens the nerve endings so all that is pleasurable or painful is magnified 
  at least ten times. Then as the adrenalin surges throughout the body it becomes 
  a truth serum. Once we reach that stage she cannot lie. But as I said, it takes 
  awhile and in the mean time we can have some fun.&quot; 
   
  I put on my leather gloves and began as always with the nipples. She glared
  at 
  me in hatred and I smiled and jabbed the needle into her other nipple. She 
  gritted her teeth but made no noise. I pulled on her clit and injected it there. 
  This time she moaned. I smiled and had Thomas and Lord Oak hold her legs as
  I 
  inserted the needle into her vagina and stabbed it into the tender inner flesh. 
  This time she screamed in pain.  
   
&quot;If you gentlemen will hold her legs spread like that I will begin preparations.&quot; 
   
  I brought out a metal dildo that had two clamps on each side and one in front.
  I 
  pushed it into her cunt as hard as I could. Then clamped the side clamps to
  her 
  labia. The one in front was special. The clamp had a hole in the center of
  the 
  it. I took a needle and after clamping her clit I ran the needle thru the hole.
  This brought the most delicious screams from anna's mouth. I attached wires
  to the needle and to the metal dildo.  
   
  Next I began placing clamps up her side and to her under arm. My assistant 
  theresa attached the wires for me. The men assisted too. They put a spreader
  bar 
  on her ankles. Next I pulled on her nipples using the ring. Smiling I shoved
  the 
  needle straight down. Her mouth opened in a silent scream that came out as
  I 
  shoved another into the same nipple going sideways. This was repeated with
  her 
  other nipple. Her grunts and groans told me she was in a great deal of pain.
  But 
  then that's what I wanted, pain. I used a variety of clamps and the needles
  to 
  make sure the pain would be severe. I even used clamps on her nostrils and
  her 
  lips. 
   
&quot;There she is all ready. Now we shall have some fun. I will start at the
tip and 
  work down. You will see her body undulate. We shall start on low and show her 
  what a cataclysmic orgasm is like.&quot; 
   
  I started at her head as she glared at me. It traveled down her body making
  her 
  needle pierced and already ringed nipples to stand out more than they ever
  had. 
  By the time I got to her clit she was groaning loudly. Her first orgasm jolted 
  her. I upped the current to her nipples, clit and the dildo deep inside her.
  She 
  was soon screaming her pleasure. Her shapely body was keeping the men's 
  attention. But as we all know, too much stimulation is not good for us. As
  she 
  began to cum I upped the voltage on her clit. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEENNNOOOOOOOOOOO YOUUUUUU BITCH!&quot; I blinked
at such blatant disregard for my station in life. 
   
&quot;Gentlemen I ask you, is that a nice thing for this pile of rat manure to
call 
  me?&quot; The men all shook their heads laughing but visibly intrigued shall
  we say. 
   
  I upped the voltage on all the contact points. I soon had her body, which was 
  totally supported by her arms, undulating from top to bottom. The strain on
  her 
  wrists and arms were beginning to tell on her. The pain was starting overwhelm 
  her but I was not done yet. We had been at this, amazingly enough, for over
  an 
  hour. I upped the current. She howled in agony. Her body rocked and she tried 
  kicking with the spreader bar on her ankles. I turned it higher and let it
  run 
  for over ten minutes. I loved the crystal power. It never killed but induced 
  such deliciously painful results. 
   
  I noticed the men had begun to perspire just a bit over the next hour. I smiled 
  at them but they only saw anna's sweat slicked body undulating seductively
  in 
  excruciating pain.&nbsp; I must admit to licking my lips now and then myself.
  There 
  is nothing quite so lovely to a sadist as a beautiful naked female body in
  the 
  throes of agony and I am every inch a sadist. 
   
  When I finally stopped the current anna hung limp in her chains. I indicated
  to 
  Raider that he could begin his questions. I heard theresa gasp when anna spoke 
  of how they were going to get theresa's Master, Lord Frederick, to come after 
  her so they could kill him. I didn't even try to stop her as she turned the 
  power on high and pressed the button.&nbsp; We watched as she sent wave after
  wave of 
  current into anna. Then as suddenly as it began she stopped and turned and
  ran 
  upstairs. 
   
  Raider finished his questioning and anna and Lorna were placed in separate 
  cells. I was not at all finished with anna. Oh no she had much to atone for. 
  Raider wanted it to look like business as usual. We all went upstairs to the 
  pub. I excused myself for a moment and went up to our adjoining rooms looking 
  for theresa.&nbsp; A moment later I was running down the steps with a letter
  in my 
  hand. 
   
&quot;RAIDER!&quot; I shouted, &quot;theresa is gone. She went looking for celeste.
We have to 
  find her she will be taken and killed.&quot; I grabbed his arm in desperation. 
   
&quot;HURRY, Raider, HURRY. We can't leave the fairy alone.&quot;   
Part X - Confessions 
   
  Horace Silver and his nagging wife Beulah made their way into Demons Rest pulled 
  by four rather studly male slaves.&nbsp; They needed four because their combined 
  weight was too much for only two. As usual Beulah was talking. 
   
&quot;If I told you once Horace, I told you twice we needed to get to town. Now
most 
  of the fun is over. But NOOOO you could not be rushed. Had to take your time,&quot; 
  She continued to harangue him as they entered the town. 
   
&quot;BEULAH!&quot; He shouted at her. &quot;All you wanted to do was feel her
titties. She's 
  still up there and you can still feel them.&quot; 
   
&quot;How dare you say that to me?&quot; Beulah turned her head away. &quot;Look
Horace there's 
  that little pet of D'elle's. Oh, what's her name, theresa that's it. Look at 
  her, the little slut, running off with those four men to do heaven knows what.
  I 
  can't wait to see that bitch D'elle and tell her about the little slut.&quot;  
   
  Beulah sat back smugly now. She hated taking a back seat to D'elle in anything. 
  She had offered to look after the girl but Lord Frederick had refused flat
  out. 
  Such an insult it was. He had told her that she was not fit to care for his 
  slave. Not fit, how dare the man. He had told her she was not even fit to care 
  for the slugs in her yard. The girl was a slave for mercy sakes. Beulah fumed 
  her way to Murphy's D/s Pub just as Raider, D'elle, Lord Oak and Thomas burst 
  out the doors. 
   
&quot;Good heavens!&quot; exclaimed Beulah, &quot;You really must slow down.&quot; 
   
&quot;I don't have time for you now.&quot; I glared at her through clenched teeth.
But she 
  would not move. &quot;MOVE YOU FAT COW!&quot; 
   
&quot;WELL! How dare you, you and that slut of yours theresa and her four men.&quot; 
  Raider did not give me a chance but grabbed her himself and spun her around. 
   
&quot;What are you talking about? TELL me NOW.&quot; The look on his face was
fierce and 
  you could see the fear on Beulah's. Horace cowered in the buggy whimpering
  like 
  the coward he was. 
   
&quot;W-well she was running off with four men. Four burly men and they were
running 
  out of town and toward the river. Really, she is no better than the town whore.&quot; 
  She said indignantly as she tried to pull away from his grip. The look of smug 
  satisfaction on her face disappeared as Raider spoke. 
   
&quot;How long ago?&quot; His voice was deadly calm as his grip tightened. 
   
&quot;How dare you treat me this way? Take your hands off me.&quot; Her voice
rose to a 
  high pitch as the fear began to truly set in. 
   
&quot;Listen and listen well you stupid, vindictive sow. If theresa is harmed
because 
  you delayed me you will be dead within minutes of my return.&quot; Beulah shook
  as 
  his words set in. She knew that he would follow through on his threat. 
   
&quot;Why just moments ago.&quot; Beulah gasped as Raider pushed her aside and
strode off 
  in the direction she had indicated. As we started to follow he turned. 
   
&quot;YOU had best not be lying to me.&quot; That was said in a voice so cold
it made me 
  shiver. 
   
  We ran after Raider as he moved toward the river. We could hear theresa before 
  we saw her. She was tied between two trees. One man was doubled over in pain
  and 
  another had backhanded her. Several more had joined the original four. 
   
&quot;I'll teach you slut. We'll all teach you a thing or two. We want answers
and we 
  want them now.&quot; He moved forward and tore the front of her dress. Theresa
  yelled 
  at him in outrage. 
   
&quot;You take your hands off me. My Master will kill you slowly and roast you
over 
  hot coals. You have no right to touch me. ONLY my Master can touch me.&quot; The
  men 
  laughed at her. 
   
&quot;When we're through with you he won't want to touch you.&quot; The man rubbed
his 
  crotch. We are gonna have us a good time with you.&quot;&nbsp; Behind him came
  a voice. 
   
&quot;I do not think so.&quot; The sword in Lord Frederick's hand lunged forward
and into 
  the back of the man taunting theresa. His look of surprise faded as he fell
  to 
  the ground.&nbsp; One of the other men came at Lord Frederick. 
   
&quot;MASTER!!!!! LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU!&quot; Shouted theresa. The rest is quite
a blur. 
  Raider and Thomas and Lord Oak all went after the men. As one raised a club
  to 
  use on Lord Oak I used my new whip and he screamed at the pain and dropped
  the 
  club. Lord Oak turned around and laid him low with his sword. 
   
  Raider dispatched his man in a matter of minutes. Thomas, having left his sword 
  at the pub, used his fists. The last blow to the mans' jaw sent him flying 
  backwards and he struck his head on a rock breaking his neck. All in all the
  men 
  were quite magnificent. I turned to theresa but saw there was no need. Lord 
  Frederick was seeing to her now.&nbsp; The rest had run at the sight of us.  
   
&quot;Ah my little slave they have hurt my property.&quot; He murmured softly
in her ear. 
  This was said with a very sexy Maltese accent and when he spoke, his words 
  seemed to caress her. She stared at him silently as he cut the ropes that bound 
  her. &quot;Ah my taa ray saaa, they have left marks upon your delicate skin.
  I shall 
  have to kill them again for you.&quot; Once freed, she threw herself into his
  arms 
  and he crushed her in his strong grip. 
   
&quot;Oh Master you were magnificent. You are the absolute best. You saved me.
I was 
  so afraid Master. But I am safe now because of you.&quot; She placed kisses
  all over 
  his face causing him to laugh. 
   
&quot;My little slave seems to have recovered from her ordeal quickly.&quot; He
chuckled 
  as she blushed. They both turned as the other three men grumbled about being 
  left out after all they did. Theresa giggled and looked to her Master who nodded 
  to her in approval. She then ran to each and gave them a hug and a kiss before 
  returning to her Master. 
   
&quot;Thank you all. You were alllllll magnificent but my Master was most of
all.&quot; 
  She beamed as she looked up at him. 
   
&quot;My taa ray saa is quite right. I thank you for saving my treasured slave.&quot; That 
  said he picked her up in his arms. &quot;I wish to get her to a med tube to
  heal her 
  wrists and this bruise on her delicate cheek. She is a fragile slave and should 
  not be exposed to such brutal deaths.&quot; At this we all started laughing.
  Theresa 
  was staring at him in shock. He smiled and winked at us.  
   
&quot;OOOOH my yes, she is a fragile lass isn't she?&quot; Thomas managed to
get that out 
  before he began laughing. This set us all off again. 
   
&quot;Well, I am!&quot; exclaimed theresa adamantly. &quot;I am fragile.&quot; Lord
Frederick 
  laughed the loudest as he carried her back to town. 
   
  We left the two as he laid theresa in the med tube. She was smiling at him
  and 
  there could be no mistake that she was totally devoted to him. 
   
  We started to return to the pub when Thomas stopped dead still. 
   
  Damn, I nearly forgot. That slut Morgana is still up on the platform. She is
  to 
  be my slave for a time. Now, now Mighty One we all know I am much more evil
  than 
  you are and since I am the next King of Ireland tis only right that I go first 
  don't ya know.&quot; He patted Lord Oak's arm and laughed as Lord Oak shook
  his head. 
&quot;Besides my friend we all know you as the love slut.&quot;&nbsp; He ducked
before Lord Oak 
  could connect his fist to Thomas' jaw. By this time we were all laughing 
  uproariously.  
   
&quot;Thomas, never fear I shall leaf her to you.&quot; We all groaned at the
tree pun. &quot;I 
  will pine away in silence knowing she will be mine soon.&quot; 
   
  Morgana looked nearly dead. It was not a problem for she would soon be restored 
  and it could all begin again. We had the guards untie her from the platform.
  She 
  groaned as her arms were released. They hung limply from her body. She moaned 
  again as the circulation was restored. The guards took her to the closest 
  medtube. Thomas had some sort of plan and would not tell us what it was. 
   
  Once restored Morgan was hosed down as well as inside out. The hose was shoved 
  into her rectum and vagina to remove the large quantities of sperm.&nbsp; You
  could 
  tell that she was restored for her look of contempt for us was more than 
  evident. Thomas stepped up with a leather collar and fastened it around her 
  neck. Next he attached a strap at the back and brought up her wrists to the 
  middle of her back. He smiled at us as he took her around the side of the 
  building. We heard her scream then the moaning began. 
   
  We didn't have to wait long. First we saw one of Thomas' slaves from the bar 
  pulling a wagon. On the wagon was a small wooden horse. The kind that came
  to a 
  point and seated on it was Morgana. Her feet were pulled out to the sides of
  the 
  cart and all her weight was on the point. I smiled at the look of pain on her 
  face. The slave pulling the wagon turned to the far side of town. She had been 
  told to hit any and all ruts and bumps in the road. The people of the town 
  roared with laughter and clapped their hands as she passed by. Each time she 
  screamed they applauded more. 
   
  The trip down the main street and around the perimeter of town took well over 
  ninety minutes. As the wagon came to a stop in front of the pub Morgana was 
  sobbing in pain. Thomas released her and pulled her into the pub by her hair. 
  She half stumbled half crawled after him.&nbsp; He chained her to the foot
  rail at 
  the end of the bar and told one of the bar slaves to fetch her some food. The 
  girl hurried to obey. She returned with a dish of dog food, having been 
  instructed by Thomas beforehand what Morgana would eat. 
   
  Morgana looked at it in disgust and Thomas laughed and jerked her head back.
  He 
  studied her for a moment before talking. 
   
&quot;First off slutbag this is what you get to eat. It's more than most in your 
  position should get. So eat or starve it makes no difference to me.&quot; He
  released 
  her hair and turned to me. 
   
&quot;Ok, how did you do it? I mean I know she has no teeth but it looks like
she 
  does and when the shrew speaks it sounds like she does. So what gives?&quot; 
   
  I had to laugh. Everyone wanted to know how I managed that. 
   
&quot;That my friend is what all inquiring minds want to know. Everyone, meaning
all you 
  males, pitched a fit about the teeth. So the medtube did sort of a rubber cap 
  thing over her empty gums. It looks like teeth but is very soft and will not 
  harm certain portions of the anatomy.&quot; Thomas started laughing and was
  soon 
  joined by Raider and Lord Oak. 
   
&quot;D'elle, my demonic friend, you are too much.&quot; Thomas laughed again. 
   
&quot;That I am my dear Thomas and don't any of you forget it. I smiled and pointed 
  to Morgana trying to eat the dog food with her hands still bound behind her.
  She 
  knew we were watching but she was hungry. Two days on a semen and urine diet
  had 
  made her ravenous for even dog food and she was soon finished. 
   
  Thomas reached down and grabbed Morgana by her hair. He pulled her back and 
  released her chain from the foot rail. He did not give her time to stand but 
  dragged her over to a large wooden chair. It had wooden arms and the back came 
  up to her shoulders. He released her arms only to lock her wrists together
  and 
  tie her elbows so they touched. He forced her arms up over the back of the
  chair 
  and secured them to the back rung. He forced her legs up over the arms and
  tied 
  her ankles to the back legs. This left her back arched and her legs spread
  wide 
  open. 
   
  He studied her for a moment. Then went and got two bungee cords. He hooked
  one 
  end to the rings in her labia and pulled and hooked the other end to the 
  underside of the seat. He laughed as she groaned and cursed him. He walked
  to 
  the bar and took the wet towel from the bartender. He began twirling it. 
   
&quot;When I was a kid I use to be a damn fine shot with a towel.&quot; Thomas
said as he 
  snapped the towel and hit her navel. The only thing heard was Morgana sucking
  in 
  air. The next four hit her inner thighs. Then he hit her nipples dead on. Each 
  time the towel snapped there was a gasp from Morgana and a red mark where it 
  connected to her flesh. 
   
  The next few blows were concentrated on her breasts and nipples. The moans
  grew 
  louder as each snap of the towel found its mark. When he grinned a rather 
  charming evil grin we knew where the next blow would land.&nbsp; Sure enough
  he hit 
  her clit dead on. This time she screamed and didn't stop as he continued to 
  strike the tiny knob with accuracy. When he did finally stop and Morgana was 
  sobbing he had struck her clit and inner labia more than thirty times. Thomas 
  looked at us and chuckled. 
   
&quot;Now then, my friends, how's that for an Irish warm up?&quot; 
   
  The grin on his face had us laughing and reaching for the towel. By the time 
  that Raider, Lord Oak and I were done having fun with the towel Morgana was
  a 
  sobbing mass of red welts and swollen nipples and a very swollen clit. Raider 
  reached down and pinched it hard and it had her rocking the chair. 
   
  When we had finished playing Lord Frederick entered with theresa in his arms.
  He 
  placed her in a chair at our table. Lord Frederick caressed her cheek and to
  say 
  her smile was smug is an understatement. 
   
&quot;My taa ray saa is better now. Her wrists and cheeks and her delicate ankles 
  have been repaired. Before you say anything D'elle, I do not hold you 
  responsible for this.&nbsp; My little slave is often impulsive. She will not
  be in 
  the future.&quot;&nbsp; I smiled and thought with that said in such a stern
  voice I had no 
  doubt she would obey. I watched her nodding her head up and down as fast as
  she 
  could. The impish grin on her face made us all chuckle. 
   
&quot;I want to find celeste.&quot; I said coldly. Turning I went to the basement
door. 
&quot;This will only take a moment.&quot;&nbsp; The rest nodded and within moments
heard the 
  first of several screams as I asked each one of the three women where celeste 
  was hiding. The crystal whip was a delicious tool. Finally anna told me to
  check 
  the abandoned warehouse at the south end of town. Seems there was an underground 
  route to the river from there. 
   
  I returned upstairs and told Raider where I was going and why. He simply sighed 
  and put his hand tightly on my arm. 
   
&quot;YOU know I cannot allow you to do that. I will go.&quot; Before I could
protest he 
  held up his hand, &quot;You may come with me but you will not go into the tunnels.
  I 
  squinted my eyes at him. He merely laughed and tweaked my nose. &quot; Come
  on lets 
  go.&quot;&nbsp; I watched as Lord Frederick held on to a squirming theresa
  shaking his 
  head no. 
   
  Raider's men disarmed the security lines and we found the entrance. Her cart
  was 
  at the foot of a ramp. We moved cautiously along the tunnel. I was at the end
  of 
  the line of men. As I passed by a protrusion of rock it moved and I found an
  arm 
  around my neck and a knife to my throat. 
   
&quot;Why celeste I would know your cologne anywhere.&quot; I chuckled. 
   
&quot;Shut up you fucking bitch or I will kill you. Now back up.&quot; I had
no choice for 
  the moment but to do as she said. &quot;Not so proud and haughty now are you
  bitch? I 
  am going to enjoy making you pay.&quot;&nbsp; This was followed by her high-pitched
  scream 
  as she doubled over in pain. The men were on her in an instant and had her
  arms 
  bound behind her. The ring pressed into the navel must not have been her cup
  of 
  tea I thought to myself. 
   
  I reached down and put my finger into the nose ring and pulled her up. Smiling
  I 
  attached a short lead to the ring and pulled her behind me. Raider was shaking 
  his head. I just laughed and said, &quot;See I told you if I was in front this 
  wouldn't have happened.&quot;&nbsp; His look had me laughing. &quot;OK! OK!
  If I had stayed up 
  above it would not have happened either.&quot;   
 
&quot;NOT funny D'elle. Not funny at all. You could have been killed. I don't
give 
  orders for the fun of it. I am responsible for your safety. It undermines my 
  leadership if you disregard my orders. Were you a man....&quot;&nbsp; He did
  not get a 
  chance to finish. I placed my fingers on his lips. 
   
&quot;If I were a man you would have not cared if I went or not. I will try very, 
  very hard to obey you in matters of safety from now on. I just did not want
  to 
  be left behind. Please do not be angry with yourself or me.&nbsp; His response
  was 
  typical Raider. 
   
&quot;GRRRRRRRRRR, you think you have won again don't you?&quot; 
   
&quot;No, my Raider, I did not win against you. I won with you. 
   
  I pulled celeste along through the town to Murphy's Pub. I turned to see celeste 
  staring at Lord Silver and his wife Beulah. The look was fear. I pulled her
  into 
  the pub and down into the cellar. 
   
&quot;Tell me about Silver and that fat cow wife of his.&quot;&nbsp; She remained
silent and as 
  Thomas went to open the cell door she tried to make a break for it. I jerked 
  hard and she howled in pain as I ripped the ring out of her nose. Blood poured 
  down her face as she knelt sobbing. 
   
&quot;D'elle!&quot; shouted Thomas. 
   
&quot;Watch her.&quot; I said to Raiders men. I hurried to the first cell. The
two girls 
  Lorna and the nameless one that had dressed as a man were dead. Their heads 
  severed.&nbsp; In anna's cell, her legs had been chopped off as well as one
  arm. The 
  word sow was written on the stone floor in her own blood. Raider and I looked
  at 
  each other and yelled Silver. 
   
  They were headed out of town arguing with each other as usual when we saw them. 
  Raider's men surrounded them and had them bound and gagged and laying in the 
  bottom of the manure wagon.&nbsp; We brought them back to town the back way
  and into 
  the pub without being seen. Once in the cellar both struggled and tried to 
  scream at us through the gags. I told the men to chain them to the wall. 
   
  I had celeste hauled out and tossed at their feet. 
   
&quot;Now then slut what do you have to tell me? &quot; I stared down at her. 
   
&quot;NOTHING!&quot;&nbsp; She shrieked. &quot;I will tell you nothing.&quot; 
   
&quot;Put her face down on the rack and stretch her taut.&quot; Once stretched
as far as 
  she could be without her arms pulled from the socket, I set about her torture 
  with the crystal whip. I began at her shoulders and moved down her body to
  her 
  ankles and then back up. She screamed in agony for I had it set on high. I 
  attacked her feet, laying a good twenty stripes on them. 
   
&quot;Turn her over and stretch her.&quot; I waited while they did as ordered.
Raider and 
  Thomas and Lord Oak watched. I began whipping the front of her from neck to
  her 
  ankles. I paid close attention to her breasts. When I had done that I had the 
  men unfasten and hold her legs up and spread wide. I began whipping her pussy. 
  Stroke after stroke hit her pleasure center.&nbsp; Her hips gyrating in agony
  as 
  the pain from the crystal ripped through her private parts. 
   
&quot;Talk you stupid bitch. Tell me what I need to know and this will stop.&quot; She 
  said nothing. I looked up to see Lord Frederick and theresa by the stairs 
  watching. &quot;Well fairy one what are you waiting over there for girl?&nbsp; Come
  fetch 
  the long needles with the wires attached.&quot; 
   
  She looked up at her Master and he smiled and nodded to her. 
   
&quot;OH Thank you my wonderful Master.&quot; She giggled and hurried to the
drawers 
  holding what I had asked for. She stopped to get the crystal generator and 
  pushed that over as well. I smiled and shook my head. 
   
&quot;Now I believe I need the inflatable tube for the urethra, my gloves, an 
  inflatable butt plug and the two quart hand infuser and have the men bring
  four 
  quarts of ice water. You two men, put her on rotating frame upside down. Make 
  sure she is stretched in a taut X. OH and little fairy the awake drug too, 
  please.&quot; I laughed as I watched her rush around and heard a faint, yes
  milady 
  sort of mumbled along with fetch this fetch that. I smiled at Lord Frederick
  as 
  he laughed at his slave as she returned quickly. 
   
  I slid on my leather gloves as I watched the men secure celeste's legs wide 
  apart. I picked up the plug for her urethra and began inserting it. The tiny 
  opening expanded painfully and celeste moaned. When it was fully in, I inserted 
  a wire up into the bladder. I then used the infuser attached to a tube to fill 
  the bladder with ice water. She began shuddering immediately. I pushed the 
  plunger and the ice water emptied into her bladder fast making her belly 
  distended. 
   
  I then shoved the butt plug into her ass. I slid a coated wire through it and
  up 
  the colon into her intestines. Using the infuser again I filled her bowels
  with 
  ice water and inflated the plug. No leakage would be allowed. 
   
  Next I took a speculum and opened her vagina wide. The cramping from the ice 
  water was having its effect on her. She moaned and groaned nicely. I merely
  held 
  out my hand and theresa handed me the first long needle. I shoved it deep into 
  her vagina and enjoyed her howl of pain. This was followed by seven more 
  agonizing screams as I shoved the long needles into her cervix. One would have 
  done the job but her screams were wonderful to hear. 
   
  I attached the wires to the metal cuffs on her wrists and ankles. Once that
  was 
  done I rotated the frame so she was face down and parallel to the floor.&nbsp; I 
  winked at theresa and pointed to what looked like small cone shaped cages.&nbsp; I 
  took one and smiled at theresa as she used pliers to pull on celeste's nipple
  as 
  I fastened it around her breast. Tiny metal points were shoved into the base
  of 
  her breast causing her to gasp at the pain. More tiny metal points went around 
  the nipple to hold the tip so it stood straight out. This was repeated with
  her 
  other breast.&nbsp; Wires were hooked to the cage. I rotated her until she
  was 
  upright and ready for the fun to start. 
   
  I watched as theresa attached saw toothed clamps to each nipple and one to
  her clit. 
  I added wires to her earlobes and her nose. I smiled at her and enjoyed the
  pain 
  and fear I saw on her face. 
   
&quot;Now then, you stupid useless slut, you are going to tell all. The crystal
does not 
  kill, but you already know this. The drug theresa is preparing to inject into 
  you will keep you awake no matter how bad the pain gets and it will get bad.&quot; I 
  waited as theresa injected celeste with the awake drug. Then I stepped back
  and 
  flipped on all the switches. I smiled as I threw the on the main switch. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU&quot; 
  celeste screamed. Her cries filling the room as her body undulated to the pain. 
  Her distended belly was cramping again and again. She jerked and screeched
  so 
  loud some covered their ears. I left it on for nearly ten minutes of unrelenting 
  pain. The current caused her muscles to spasm painfully. It was as if a huge 
  hand were gripping and twisting them continuously. 
   
  When I turned it off she hung limp her head had fallen forward. I pushed her 
  head back and smiled. I began to work the switches. Starting at her feet and 
  moving up her body and back down. Wave after wave of fresh agony shook her
  body. 
  Her flesh glistened with sweat and her moans and groans and even her shrieks
  of 
  pain were growing weaker. 
   
  I watched Horace and Beulah and could see that they were afraid of what their 
  fate would be. After nearly an hour I let Celeste rest.&nbsp; I walked to Beulah
  and 
  though the thought repulsed me I ordered her stripped. 
   
&quot;You really are a sow aren't you Beulah?&nbsp; I turned and selected a crystal
prod. 
  The men roared with laughter as I amused myself with touching her fat body
  all 
  over. We laughed as I put the prod between her legs and held it there on low.
  It 
  was both funny and disgusting as we watched her hips thrusting against the
  prod. 
  As she began to cum I turned it on high. 
   
&quot;Oohhhh ohhhhhh yesssss yesssss NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
  AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE&quot;&nbsp; I shook my head
  as she 
  emptied her bladder on to the floor.&nbsp; I gave her three full powered jolts
  to her 
  fat crotch and called her a few names.&nbsp; Next I turned to Horace. He screeched 
  before he was ever touched. 
   
  Once his clothes were torn from him it was hard to decide which of them was
  more 
  repulsive. I used the prod to lift his small limp cock. The men watching 
  snickered as I taunted him. I turned the prod on low and watched it harden.
  Even 
  fully erect it was no bigger than my index finger.&nbsp; Curious I stimulated
  him to 
  orgasm and watched as one small glop fell to the floor. Now the men were in 
  hysterics laughing at the man. They laughed harder as I turned the prod on
  high.  
  His scream was louder and shriller than any woman's. 
   
&quot;She knows. She knows. Make her talk.&quot; At first I thought he meant
celeste but 
  he gasped out Beulah before he fainted. She was furious and shouted to him
  to 
  shut up. But it was far too late. Three lashes of the Crystal whip and we had 
  our answers. 
   
  Ragnar held celeste's sister captive. Barely eighteen, she was a beauty. Ragnar 
  used her to keep celeste in line and feeding him information. It had been Beulah 
  that had ordered the death of our three captives. It seems that Beulah and 
  Ragnar were cousins and she had been promised all my holdings within Raiders 
  lands. 
   
&quot;Leave them naked and lock them in separate cells. Chain them so they can
do no 
  harm to themselves.&quot; I walked to celeste. &quot;You betrayed me, you betrayed
  Raider, 
  you betrayed an entire town to save your sister from a man who has no honor.
  If 
  your sister is not dead already, she may very well wish she were. All you had
  to 
  do was come to me or to Raider and we could have saved her. Lock this piece
  of 
  filth in the cell. Chain her well.&quot; 
   
  Raider, Thomas and Lord Oak were already upstairs when I joined them. I knew 
  Raider would be adamant about me not going. I was not wrong. While I understood 
  his reasoning, I was not at all pleased with his decision. But he was my liege 
  Lord and I had vowed loyalty to him. We compromised, much to his dislike. I 
  would go but would stay well away from the danger. Lord Frederick was going
  with 
  us and theresa was to stay in her room guarded by two of Raiders best men.
  To 
  say she was unhappy with that was an understatement. 
   
&quot;BUT Master. Pllllleeeeaaaaaaasssssssssseeeee don't leave me behind. I will 
  worry so about you. You don't want your property to worry like that do you? 
  Please Master, I will wait with milady.&quot; She looked at him adoringly. 
   
&quot;Nice look my slave. The answer is still NO. I will hear no more about it 
  slave.&quot; His look was stern. I watched theresa lower her eyes and then
  bow her 
  head. 
   
&quot;Yes Master. I hear and I obey you.&quot; She let a tear trickle down her
cheek as 
  she pivoted on her right foot and went meekly upstairs to her room. He sighed 
  and mumbled something about women and slaves and something else. I do believe
  he 
  was swearing in Maltese as he went after her to soften his words with a caress. 
  He returned moment's later smiling. 
   
  Plans were made. The people would be warned and told to stay in their cellars. 
  However, no warnings would be issued yet, Ragnar was not set to attack for
  two 
  more days.&nbsp; Raider spoke with one of his men and sent for his Captains.
  All 
  would be ready when the time came tomorrow morning. We would not wait for the 
  attack we would seek them out first. The element of surprise would be on our 
  side. Raider spoke to all of us in the room. 
   
&quot;It is most important that you all go on about your business. We do not
want his 
  spies sending back reports on us.&quot;&nbsp; We all looked at Morgana as she
  sat cleaning 
  the spittoons. Thomas smiled and went into his back room. We were all puzzled
  as 
  he pushed out some sort of wooden structure. 
   
&quot;Ah, I've not used this in many a year. But it is in good condition. It's
a 
  beauty D'elle.&nbsp; Just wait until you feast your eyes on it.&quot;&nbsp; We,
  Raider, Lord 
  Oak and I, moved to stand around the structure as Thomas removed the tarp.
  It 
  was a thing of beauty. The stocks were in the front. Not your ordinary stocks
  as 
  Thomas began to explain. 
   
&quot;These stocks are for my favorite part of the anatomy. THE BOOBIES.&quot; He
shouted 
  the last part loudly. &quot;Aye, ye fit the boobies in here. They kneel here,
  legs 
  spread very wide. The center section here adjusts so the wooden cock fits right 
  up in their pussy nice and tight. Then ya can expand it and the center can
  take 
  in a tube or wire for your wicked sadistic punishments.&quot;&nbsp; He wiggled
  his 
  eyebrows at that. I can use the nose hook to keep her head back and you can
  put 
  a ball gag or whatever in her mouth. Now then the fun part is if you bring
  the 
  string from the nose hook over and fasten it to the butt plug, well it's just 
  more fun.&quot; He walked over to Morgana and unfastened her chain. She tried
  to pull 
  away but was no match for Thomas. 
   
  He and Raider tied her arms together behind her at wrist and elbow. Raider
  held 
  her as Thomas positioned her &quot;boobies&quot; into the stocks and closed
  the top down 
  on them. The fit was nice and snug and her ample breasts bulged out like nice 
  round balls. They positioned her legs and strapped them down. She began to
  moan 
  as the raised the wooden dildo up into her. Next came the butt plug and Raider 
  shoved it into her. She was moaning now and Thomas forced her mouth open and 
  pushed the ball gag into her mouth. Next came the nose hook, which was pulled 
  tight and fastened to the butt plug. Thomas fussed with the butt plug until
  he 
  was satisfied then hooked a wire into the small opening. 
   
&quot;If she tugs on the butt plug she will get herself a jolt in the ass. I
set it 
  on high.&quot;&nbsp; To demonstrate he tugged on it. Her eyes opened wide as
  she stared at 
  the ceiling. She began to scream and jerk about.&nbsp; This in turn jerked
  the butt 
  plug, which continued to shock her. It was delicious torment I thought. 
   
  I simply could not resist adding to her torment. Using my red crop, I began 
  striking her breasts. I paid particular attention to her nipples. This produced 
  wonderful screams and moans. There she was all trussed up her head back, nose 
  pulled. I sighed and turned in time to see Ulysses King, the worst barber in 
  town, slipping down the steps to the cellar. I grabbed Raider's arm but he
  had 
  seen him as well. Slowly and quietly I watched Raider make his way down the 
  steps. Raider watched as Ulysses unlocked Beulah's cell. Her voice was shrill. 
   
&quot;YOU! It's about time you idiot. Get us out of here.&quot; She spit the
words out. 
   
&quot;Not exactly what I had in mind you sow. Ragnar wouldn't like that. He sent
me 
  here to kill you. I shall enjoy watching you die. You and that viper's tongue
  of 
  yours.&quot; He chuckled. Then spun around quickly when her heard Raiders voice. 
   
&quot;I don't think so Ulysses. I do dislike a traitor but I find that someone
who 
  betrays his friends even more repulsive.&quot;&nbsp; Raider drew his sword. &quot;Defend 
  yourself, coward, if you can.&nbsp; The fight did not last long. A thrust and
  parry 
  another thrust and Ulysses was dispatched to his just reward. Raider bent down 
  and wiped his sword on the dead mans jacket and returned it to his scabbard. 
  Since he had fallen backwards into Beulah's cell Raider merely closed the door. 
  Even through the door he could hear her shrieking at him.   
 
  I took one look at his face and gave him a hug. He was a warrior and not afraid 
  to kill or be killed. But that didn't mean he had to like it. 
   
&quot;Another life gone because of that coward, Ragnor's is one life I will rejoice 
  in ending. That one down there was not worth my time.&quot; Raider turned and
  sat at 
  the table lost in thought. I looked over as Morgana began to grunt and squeal. 
  Thomas was whipping her tits. I smiled. Tomorrow was another day. The tyrant 
  would be dead or we would.   
Part XI..Death of a Tyrant 
   
  While Raider and D'elle, along with Thomas and Lord Oak sat in the pub 
  discussing what to do with Ragnor, their nemesis was having a girl readied
  for 
  torture. He knew her family had no money buried on their land but he had been 
  bored in the underground home he had made for himself. Under the cover of 
  darkness he and his henchmen had ridden out. They had burned the young girls 
  home and killed off her only surviving relatives, her Aunt Rachel and Uncle 
  Owen. 
   
  Ragnor had already had his sport with her before he burned her home to the 
  ground. He now watched as, the surprisingly defiant, girl was brought in by
  two 
  of his men. He had thought her far too meek to struggle now. This might be
  fun 
  after all he thought. As she was brought before him one of his men entered
  the 
  room and came right to him. He knelt on one knee and placed his hand over his 
  heart. 
   
&quot;My Lord I bring news from the town.&quot; Ragnor looked bored but relented. 
   
&quot;Tie the slut to the post I will play with her in a bit. Now then tell me
what 
  has you so upset.&quot; The man took a deep breath and began. 
   
&quot;Your cousin is not dead. Lord and Lady Silver are locked in the dungeon
cells 
  below the pub. Ulysses King is dead. He and Raider fought with swords.&quot; The
  man 
  watched as Ragnor's face turned beet red in his anger. &quot;I was in the back
  and 
  overheard the two slave girls talking in the kitchen. The one was going to
  go to 
  her Master and tell him of our plans.&quot; Ragnor was furious. 
   
&quot;Did you kill the bitch?&quot; The man was shaking now. 
   
&quot;No, My Lord, I brought her to you. I thought it to swift a death for her.&quot; The 
  man lowered his head waiting for the blow from Ragnor. Instead he heard the 
  deadly calm voice of his liege. 
   
&quot;Bring the slut to me now.&quot; Ragnor watched as the girl tried to pull
away from 
  his men. She was so frightened she wet herself. As she came close, he stood
  up. 
  Ragnor was not very tall. In fact he was less than six feet. 
   
  Ragnor was also dark skinned and hairy. Thick mats of hair covered his back
  and 
  chest along with his arms and legs. He had a large red nose from too much 
  drinking and thick fleshy lips. His dark eyes were set too close together. 
   
  There was long scar on his left cheek, a souvenir from a past battle with 
  Raider; it puckered his face making him look as if he were a leering clown.
  His 
  long thick hair was matted and hung well below his shoulders. As always there 
  was the odor of unwashed clothes and body about him.&nbsp; He studied the sobbing 
  girl dispassionately. 
   
&quot;Strip the slut.&quot; He stepped toward her as his men obeyed. &quot;So
you dared to even 
  think about betraying me.&quot; It was more a statement than a question. &quot;You
  will 
  suffer long and well for this you filthy slut.&quot; The girl screamed. 
   
&quot;NOOOOOOO! Please my Lord Ragnor. I have been your faithful servant. I would
not 
  betray you. It was only idle talk. Please I beg you.&quot; The girl broke down
  again 
  and sobbed. 
   
  Ragnor stepped forward and fondled her breasts. He worked the nipples with
  his 
  fingers until they were hard nubs. He bent his head and suckled at them. The 
  girl moaned in spite of her fear.&nbsp; He chuckled, and then bit hard on first
  the 
  left then the right. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE NOOOOOOOOO!&quot; The girl struggled
to break 
  free to no avail as Ragnor continued to bite her nipples and breasts. Her 
  shrieks of pain excited him. 
   
&quot;Hold the bitches legs up and spread wide.&quot; Ragnor reached for his
codpiece as 
  he snapped the order to his men. The men holding her watched grinning as he 
  stuck two fingers into her pussy. Then he added a third and forth finger. He
  was 
  laughing as she struggled and moaned. The bitch was hot and wet. 
   
  He worked his fingers in and out of her then he held the tips of his four 
  fingers and his thumb together forming a sort of cone. He laughed as two of
  his 
  men spread her pussy wide for him and he shoved his hand into her wet vagina
  up 
  to and past his wrist. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO..... NOOOOOOO
IT 
  HURTS PLEEEEEZZZZE.&quot; 
   
  Her pleading had no effect on Ragnor. He began pumping his fist in and out
  of 
  her like a piston. His hand was slick with her juices. 
   
&quot;Turn this cunt over.&quot; The men quickly obeyed and Ragnor began pushing
his hand 
  into her anus. Her screeching filled the room as his entire hand filled her 
  bowels. The med tube had done its job and both her vagina and her rectum were 
  like stretchy rubber. They did not tear or rip. Ragnor pumped her ass hard
  then 
  pulled out his fist and rammed his hard thick cock into her. The men cheered
  as 
  he sodomized her. 
   
&quot;Hang her spread upside down and give her the awake drug. I don't want her 
  missing anything.&quot; While his men obeyed him he walked over to the girl
  tied to 
  the pole. &quot;Watch well slut you will be next. Maybe not today but surely 
  tomorrow.&quot; He liked how she hated his touch. He tore open her tunic and
  played 
  with her breasts. Pinching and pulling on her nipples he chuckled to himself.  
  He liked them to hate his touch. It was more fun for him. 
   
  Turning he walked over to the girl hanging upside down. He selected several 
  single birch rods from the barrel of brine water and tied them together. 
  Laughing he began whipping her front and back with the rods as hard as he could. 
  Her body writhed and jerked in agony with each strike of the rods. Red lines 
  appeared and blood dripped slowly from each of the cuts. He soon began on her 
  inner thighs and her exposed pussy. The birch rods pummeled her tender sex.
  He 
  went back to her ass and breasts until all three areas were bright red and 
  welted. 
   
&quot;Please pleaaaaaaaasssssssee no more I beeeeggggg you. 
  AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.&quot; Her screams were growing 
  fainter as she strained her voice. 
   
  The sweat and the salt from the brine soaked rods made each of the cuts hurt 
  worse. It was not enough for Ragnor; he had her sponged down with the brine 
  water. This set her screaming to a higher pitch. Ragnor was hard again. He 
  ordered one of his men to continue birching her while he watched. He turned
  and 
  pointed to one of the naked female slaves and motioned her to kneel before
  him. 
  She hurriedly obeyed, too afraid not to do his bidding. 
  ,&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.. 
  Meanwhile in the pub, plans were being made for the coming attack. Men were 
  going to be dispatched to all the tunnels. The attack would come from all 
  directions. Thomas looked up as one of his slaves was walking out the front
  door 
  of the pub. 
   
&quot;YOU! Where do you think you are going?&quot; He shouted to her. 
   
&quot;N-n-n-no where Master.&quot; Thomas stared at her. 
   
&quot;Exactly right slut, get your ass back in here and serve the food. Where
is the 
  other slut?&quot; The girl shook her head and shrugged. Thomas studied her
  as she 
  hurried to obey him. Then he caught sight of the other slave. Only her back
  but 
  that was good enough. 
   
&quot;Thomas, you do not trust them do you?&quot; I inquired. He shook his head
no. I 
  turned and went into the kitchen. I had seen both girls enter but now there
  was 
  only one. I smiled and slipped on my leather gloves. I grabbed the first girl
  by 
  her hair and jerked her head back. 
   
&quot;I want answers slut and I want them now. I pulled at the neck of her shift
and 
  bared her breasts. Picking up the tongs I applied them to her nipples. She 
  moaned loudly. 
   
&quot;Where is the other slave and are you one of our spies?&quot;&nbsp; She
did not answer. 
  She just stared at me. I stuck the tongs into the fire of the wood stove. This 
  time when I applied them her scream was sweet. I gripped and twisted the 
  tortured tip.&quot; She was no fun. She told me yes she was a spy and the other
  girl 
  had gone downstairs.&nbsp; I hit her over the head with a rolling pin and knocked
  her 
  out. I wanted no trouble from her. 
   
  I thought to call for Raider but didn't know how much time I would have. I
  moved 
  slowly and silently down the steps. I heard the squeal of Horace; it was high 
  pitched and sort of gurgling. Then I heard Beulah. 
   
&quot;NO! You bitch NO. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO. 
  AAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEE.&quot;&nbsp; I moved forward so
  I could see 
  who was there. It was the girl I had seen earlier. She opened Celeste's cell. 
   
&quot;Selena! Oh thank heaven you got away from him. Are you alright?&quot; Celeste
spoke 
  in an excited voice. &quot; Hurry free me and let us be gone. 
   
&quot;I don't think so sister dear.&quot; Selena's voice sounded so sarcastic. &quot;I
think 
  that right there is just fine for what I have to do.&quot; 
   
&quot;SELENA!&quot; Celeste's voice went up an octave. &quot;What do you mean?&quot; 
   
&quot;You never were too bright were you? First you fucked around with Raider's 
  ponies and got yourself royally tortured by that bitch D'elle. Then branded
  and 
  sent out as a dung slut. How disgusting. I on the other hand have been living 
  quite well. Ragnor may not be much to look at but he will be ruler soon. I
  will 
  be his queen. When he finds out I have killed his cousin and her husband, then 
  you and Morgana the slut bitch upstairs. Oh and the other little kitchen slave 
  too. Then when he wins, D'elle will be ours to torture and Raider will be dead 
  along with that pub owner upstairs and Lord Oak.&quot; Selena smiled smugly
  at her 
  sister. 
   
&quot;You are the one that is not overly bright sister. Look at all Ragnor has
done 
  to the slaves and his family. You honestly think he cares about you? He cares 
  for no one but D'elle. He wants her as his Queen.&quot; Celeste shook her head. &quot;To 
  think I have done all this so you would not suffer. You are right I am stupid. 
  Go on get it over with.&quot; 
   
&quot;Gladly my sweet sister.&quot; I watched as the girl raised her hand. The
straight 
  razor flashed in the light from outside the cell. Her snarl turned to a yelp
  of 
  pain as I used the crystal whip to knock the razor from her hand. That soon 
  turned to a gasp then a growling snarl as she turned to run at me. 
   
  I lashed out at her face and she screeched and kept on coming. I turned the
  whip 
  on high and struck her several times in the face and breasts. She dropped to
  her 
  knees holding her face. I did not trust her and continued to whip her. She 
  writhed on the floor with each blow and when I looked up there was Raider along 
  with Thomas and Lord Oak. I smiled. 
   
&quot;Meet celeste's sister selena, she came to kill celeste and the others.
Now, now 
  Raider please don't scowl at me. I tried to yell but there was so much noise
  out 
  there. I had to get to her.&quot;&nbsp; He stared at me for a very long time. 
   
&quot;When will you learn not to be so impulsive? Do you think I issue orders
for the 
  fun of it? Do you think I do so to be mean to you?&quot; He shook his head. 
   
&quot;No, my friend and Liege, but there was no time. I had the whip and after
all it 
  is only a woman.&quot; I rolled my eyes as Thomas and Lord Oak both agreed
  with me.  
  Raider saw me and began laughing. 
   
&quot;What if it had been a man?&quot; he asked with a smirk on his face. 
   
&quot;Why then I would have hurried and called to you of course. I am after all
only 
  a woman and I could not dare hope to best a man.&quot;&nbsp; I smiled my most
  innocent 
  smile at him. He shook his head and as he passed me he smacked my butt.&nbsp; He 
  reached down and grabbed the girl by her hair and pulled her to her feet. 
   
&quot;I don't have time for this shit.&quot; She tried to hit him but he merely
jerked her 
  around by her hair. He dragged her over to the rack and slammed her down on
  it. 
  In seconds he had her hands chained to the top of it and Thomas and Lord Oak 
  chained her feet wide apart. 
   
  He turned the wheel and stretched her taut. While this was going on I walked
  to 
  the cells containing Horace and Beulah. Both were dead. Horace lay with his 
  belly slashed open and his penis sliced off. Beulah was cut from neck to crotch. 
  Next to her on the floor laid Ulysses King. The smell of death rose and I closed 
  the door. I turned as selena cried out. Raider was attaching the clamps to
  her 
  nipples and clit. Thomas gave her the shot of awake to keep her alert. 
   
&quot;Now tell me what I want to know and you wont have to do this.&quot;&nbsp; The
girl looked 
  at him stoically. 
   
&quot;Go ahead and kill me. I will die a hero.&quot; She spit out at him Raider
laughed at 
  her. 
   
&quot;The crystal power does not kill. You will wish yourself dead but it won't
kill. 
  As for being a hero, no it won't happen. We won't tell. He pressed the button 
  sending the current into her body. Selena gasped then let out a blood-curdling 
  scream. We watched as her body strained to free itself from the pain. When
  he 
  released the button she gasped again. 
   
  Her respite was short lived for he hit her with another wave of pain. He would 
  let up for a few seconds then turn on the current again. She held up for quite 
  awhile then told all there was to know. He leaned close to her and spoke softly. 
   
&quot;I have not finished with you as yet. I have plans for you. You are the
worst 
  kind of scum there is. You turn on your sister after she sacrificed for you.
  You 
  were going to kill her. You will be very sorry little slut. &quot; He chuckled
  as he 
  walked away. &quot;Thomas would you be so kind as to chain her in a cell.&quot; 
   
&quot;Oh sure, no problem there Raider my friend. I've one more where there are
no 
  dead bodies in them.&quot; Thomas moved off mumbling.  
   
  Once she was secured we locked the cell door and the one containing celeste.
  A 
  guard was stationed in the cellar to ward off any further attacks. We arrived 
  upstairs to find that Lord Frederick's men had arrived and theresa was pouting 
  because she had not been there to assist Raider. 
   
&quot;I promise you will be called to assist me next time little sadistic fairy 
  girl.&quot; Raider shook his head and chuckled to himself.&nbsp; This at least
  had her 
  smiling. She was also mumbling to herself. She did not realize that she was 
  getting louder and louder as she went. Her feet were swinging back and forth
  as 
  she sat on the table and she was twisting her shift at the same time. 
   
&quot;I just don't see why I can't stay with MiLady. She is only going to the
first 
  entrance and there will be guards there. What if they come back and try to 
  kidnap me here? Then where would I be? Poor little slave fairy, left all alone 
  here to worry about her Master and friends. Who will assist MiLady? I just
  don't 
  know how she will manage without me. Why I can do many things. I am very 
  helpful. I don't like being far away from all the goings on. It just isn't 
  right.&quot; She looked up when Lord Frederick stood in front of her. 
   
  Her smile lit up the room and he found himself smiling back at her. 
   
&quot;ta ray saaa,&quot; he said in his Maltese accent, &quot;You are my property,
my slave, 
  and I will not have you that close to the danger. I would be worrying about
  you 
  and watching for you and I could get myself killed. Do you wish this?&quot; He
  stood 
  looking at her. She did not disappoint him. 
   
&quot;OH MASTER NO! OH you mustn't get yourself killed whatever would I do without 
  you. I would be heartbroken. I will do as you wish Master I was only talking
  to 
  myself.&quot; She looked around as everyone in the room started laughing. 
   
&quot;My slave when you talk to yourself perhaps you should not shout it so loud.&quot;  
  Her blush was instantaneous and she hid her face in the front of Lord Fredericks 
  jacket. He didn't seem to mind. 
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;. 
  Ragnor listened as the girl shrieked. She had been taken down and laid on the   
rack. The men had stretched her to the point of dislocating her shoulders
    and 
  hips. He stood up pulling his limp cock from the slave girls' mouth and walked 
  across the floor. He looked at the girl on the rack. Her naked body glistening 
  in the glow from the crystal torches made him smile. He ran his hands over
  the 
  cuts, down her sides then cupped her abused sex. 
   
&quot;This is all you are good for,&quot; he said as he shoved his fingers in
and out of 
  her pussy. &quot;You are not even smart enough to get me information. How dare
  you?&quot; 
  He walked away and came back with a branding iron. Its white-hot tip gave off
  a 
  lot of heat. He said nothing and shoved the iron down on her just above her 
  pubic bone. At first all you heard was a sizzling sound and her indrawn breath. 
  Then her agonizing scream filled the room. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
  HHHHHHHHHHHHHHNOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!&quot; 
  She seemed to go on forever before it turned into a moan as he removed the
  iron. 
  The word WHORE was branded into her flesh. He did not seem satisfied with that 
  and continued to brand the young woman. He branded slut on her left breast
  and 
  cunt on the right. Fuck was branded on her left ass cheek and me was branded
  on 
  her right one. He put his brand on the soles of her feet. 
   
&quot;Put her in the cage. I might want to brand her some more.&nbsp; Put the
other one in 
  the box until morning. I am tired and in the need of sleep.&quot; Confident
  that his 
  orders would be obeyed he looked over the women and chose a young girl that
  he 
  had not yet tried out. He liked that she began crying right away. He dragged
  her 
  down the tunnel to his private little hole in the wall. 
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;. 
  The pub was crowded with men. Many were in the stables and still more in the 
  barbershop. All had been fed and all were preparing for the battle the next
  day. 
  It would not be easy to fight them in the tunnels but in the great rooms under 
  the city they would put their weapons to a test. Swords and crystal stingers, 
  Raider had laughed. 
   
&quot;What a combination. Using Swords from the old and ancient times and stingers 
  from the now, an interesting way to fight your enemy.&quot; I could see the
  irony of 
  this too. 
   
&quot;Personally I am very glad we have the Crystal Stingers. Leave it to us
to make 
  something that doesn't kill into something that does. Just remember they have 
  them too. I am tired of wars. I hope this will bring peace to our sector but
  I 
  fear that it will not. It is late and we need rest. I bid you all a good night.&quot; 
  I left the pub and went upstairs to my quarters. I laid out my things for the 
  morning and took a quick shower. I braided my hair in one braid down my back
  and 
  dressed in all but my shirt and boots. I lay back on the bed knowing that sleep 
  would not come. 
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;. 
  Ragnor woke slowly. He looked over at the girl next to him. She had been fun 
  last night all her squealing and crying. She was so tight and her mouth was 
  small as well. He looked at her nipples and liked that they were so swollen. 
  That meant they were nice and tender and when he pinched or bit them as he 
  fucked her she would give him a good ride. He smiled as he fastened the hook
  to 
  her bound wrists. He was in the mood for some fun before he tortured the girl
  he 
  had had to neglect yesterday. 
   
  He raised the little sluts arms and woke her by pinching both swollen nipples. 
  She came awake with a scream and Ragnor kissed her. 
   
&quot;Time for more fun you stupid cow.&quot; He ignored her protests and pleas.
He raised 
  her up then slid his legs between hers so she straddled him with her facing
  his 
  feet. His cock was already hard and he lowered her down onto him. 
   
&quot;Now whore, you will fuck me and you are going to give me a really good
ride.&quot; 
   
  He laid back and waited for her to move. He propped pillows behind him and 
  reached for a cigar. Once it was lit he grinned and put the burning tip to
  her 
  ass. 
   
&quot;YEEEEEEEOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWW&quot; She screeched and jerked her hips. He roared
with 
  laughter and took a puff before pressing the tip to her other butt cheek. He
  was 
  having too much fun. The girl was sobbing as he began burning her back with
  the 
  cigar. Her screams and pleading excited him.&nbsp; He liked what he was doing
  so much 
  he came and was instantly hard again. 
   
&quot;Turn around slut and be quick. You heard me girl spin around here and face
me.&quot; 
  He groaned with pleasure as she turned and faced him. His hard cock never left 
  her.&nbsp; He lit another cigar and told her to get fucking. He pinched and
  pulled on 
  her nipples as he burned her breasts with the cigar. 
   
  The girl begged and begged for mercy but Ragnor had none to give her. He laughed 
  and burned her belly and thighs as she tried to do his bidding. When he had
  cum 
  inside her again he pushed her from him and lowered her to the floor. She lay 
  curled and sobbing at his feet. He reached down and pulled her head up. 
   
&quot;Now slut, I need to piss. You open your mouth and you suck it all down
and 
  don't you spill a drop or I will stick this cigar in your eye.&quot; He roared
  with 
  laughter at her look of both horror and fear. He loved that she shuddered as
  she 
  obeyed him. He was still laughing as he finished relieving himself and got
  up 
  from the bed. He tossed the rope down and pulled on his pants and boots.&nbsp; He 
  never looked back at the retching girl on the floor. 
   
  In the main room he ordered a slave to bring him coffee. He moved to the box 
  that the girl was in and opened it. She blinked at the light. He reached in
  and 
  grabbed her by the hair and pulled her out. He ripped off the rest of her 
  clothing and dragged her over to a table that had several restraints on it.
  He 
  bent her over the table and secured her wrists to the opposite side. 
   
&quot;I think that pretty ass of yours needs some warming up.&quot;&nbsp; He
picked up a wooden 
  paddle and set to work. Each loud smack of the paddle was followed by a grunt 
  from her. He paused here and there to drink the coffee held by the slave that 
  brought it to him. After nearly thirty strokes he jerked her head back and 
  licked the tears from her cheek. His fetid breath nauseated her as he clamped 
  his fleshy lips over hers and slobbered his kiss on her. Her look of disgust 
  angered him and he dropped the paddle and picked up a leather strap. 
   
  He worked her back and ass and thighs with the strap laying more than fifty 
  lashes on the helpless girl. He wanted her to scream but so far she had merely 
  groaned and cried. He would teach her. He picked up a long thin flexible rod
  and 
  began whipping her ass with it. The cane cut into her tender ass cheeks and
  he 
  at last got her to cry out in pain.&nbsp; Laughing now he poured brine water
  over her 
  ass. This brought the screams he loved to hear. 
   
  Ragnor untied her wrists and turned her on her back and retied them. The harsh 
  wood made her back and buttocks hurt more. Her ass was on the edge of the table 
  and he pulled her legs apart and back then tied them to the front legs of the 
  table. This left her totally exposed. He grinned at her as he fingered her
  pussy 
  and fondled her breasts. He turned his head and told the girl to fetch 
  something. When she returned he tightened a strap around the base of each breast 
  so they looked like round balls. 
   
  He picked up a thin whip and began whipping her breasts and down her belly
  and 
  her exposed inner thighs. She gritted her teeth as the pain grew with each
  new 
  stripe. That wasn't enough for him. He used the strap on her, slashing at her 
  breasts over and over again. Her nipples stood out bruised and swollen. Then
  he 
  concentrated on her sex. This brought a screeching cry from her. He loved it
  and 
  struck her there and on her thighs. 
&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;.. 
  While Ragnor tortured the girl Raider and his men were taking their places.
  His 
  group would go through the main tunnel to Ragnor's underground room. The rest 
  would enter through the other tunnels. All entrances were blocked and guarded
  by 
  those loyal to Raider.&nbsp; I bid my friends well on their task ahead. Raider
  was 
  not happy that I had come this close. I assured him I would move back to the 
  rise above the tunnel. That wasn't good enough. He sent his Capt. Of the Guard 
  Roark with me. 
   
  Roark started to protest but one look at Raider's face told him not to. He 
  nodded and left with me to the rise along with two other soldiers. Together
  we 
  watched them enter the tunnel. 
   
&quot;I am sorry he made you come with me Roark.&quot; I tried to smooth things
over. It 
  was to no avail. 
   
&quot;Women like you should be chained to the bed and left there.&quot; To say
I was taken 
  aback is putting it mildly. 
   
&quot;HOW dare you. When Raider hears of your conduct&quot;, my words were cut
off as he 
  backhanded me. I staggered back and wiped the blood from my cut lip. 
   
&quot;Shut up you slut. My brother Ragnor will see to Raider. Then you will be
his 
  and when he tires of you then I will have my fun with you.&quot; I said nothing.
  I 
  simply bided my time. He took my crystal whip and fastened it to his belt.
  My 
  arms were tied behind me and he gagged me with my scarf. He pulled me along
  with 
  him and I put up just enough of a struggle so he would not become suspicious. 
   
  It seemed there was a hidden entrance. One none of us knew about. It is odd
  the 
  things that come to mind when in a dangerous position. We had left Morgana
  tied, 
  as she had been most of the day and all of the night. I was pulled into the 
  tunnel and ordered to silence. Who knew that Ragnor had a brother that looked 
  like Roark? Ragnor was ugly whereas Roark was a tall good-looking man. I 
  wondered how many brothers he had.   
 &hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip;&hellip; 
  Ragnor laughed at the girls' struggles as he used the strap on her. He then 
  decided on something new. He went over to a chest and came back with a box. 
   
&quot;Now for some real fun.&quot;&nbsp; The girl gasped in horror as he showed
her the long 
  needles and the large thick safety pins. She shook her head and started to 
  scream. He laughed and brought a strap around her head to hold her to the table. 
  Laughing he set to work on the girl. He showed her slightly smaller safety
  pins. 
  Smiling he gripped her lips together and pulled then slowly and painfully pushed 
  the pin through both lips. The girl screamed as he continued to place safety 
  pins across her lips. Seven in all, her lips barely opened and her studied
  her 
  for a moment before sliding a pin through her nose from one side to another. 
   
  Tears and blood mingled and fell down the side of her face and onto the table. 
  Ragnor patted her cheek then began pulling on her nipple. 
   
&quot;MMMMM Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo&quot; she managed to get out. 
   
  He merely laughed and pushed one of the larger safety pins into her nipple. 
   
&quot;AAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEE!!&quot; He 
  pushed another into the same nipple so that they crossed. He was giggling like 
  the demented man he was as he repeated this to the other nipple. Her screams 
  delighted him. 
   
  He began playing with her sex and she began struggling more and more. 
   
&quot;Ah, you know what I am going to do now don't you?&nbsp; HE HE HE HE HE
HE.&quot; He 
  sounded like a small child as he picked up another safety pin. &quot;I shall
  teach 
  you to keep secrets from me.&quot;&nbsp; He was so into his &quot;playing&quot; with
  his victim he 
  forgot that there was no gold. 
   
  He slid the pin into her labia and slowly pushed it through the tender flesh. 
  Then he pushed it through her clit which brought him shrill screeching. Then 
  into the other tender sex lip until it came out the other side and he could 
  fasten it. He continued to seal her pussy with the thick safety pins. When
  he 
  was done she had ten safety pins closing her up. The girl was moaning now her 
  pain obvious on her face. Laughing he poured brine water and alcohol on her 
  face, breasts and sex. She let out one loud shriek and fainted. Ragnor turned 
  and shrugged. 
   
&quot;Some women are such wimps. Get me some food you whore!&quot; The men laughed
and the 
  women cringed. Ragnor grinned as he walked to the table. He liked their fear.
  He 
  looked up as the passage to the hidden tunnel opened. Swords were drawn as
  Roark 
  came into the room. Ragnor's face turned from concern to a smile then to a
  grin 
  as I was pushed forward. 
   
&quot;Well, well, well, the fair D'elle herself. How delightful to see you my
dear.&quot; 
  He bowed low and I merely sneered at him. 
   
&quot;You will have time later Ragnor to amuse yourself with the slut. Right
now 
  Raider is coming through the tunnels to you.&quot; He no sooner had the words
  out and 
  Raider was there his sword at Ragnor's back. 
   
&quot;Correction, I am here. Surrender or die.&quot;&nbsp; Ragnor chuckled and
pointed at me. 
   
  I merely nodded to Raider but I could tell he knew what I was about. 
   
&quot;Roark has my crystal whip, Raider. You be careful he that he doesn't take
your 
  sword from you with it.&quot; I looked scared as I said it. 
   
&quot;D'ELLE!!!!!! He would not have thought of it.&quot; Raider made as if to
step back 
  and Roark smiled and held it out in front of him. He pressed the button and 
  nothing happened. He pressed it again and he stiffened no sound escaped his
  lips 
  then poof he was gone. Just dust on the floor and my crystal whip of course. 
  Ragnor was furious. He lunged for his sword a few feet away. 
   
  Raider had let him. His eyes were cold and dark as he watched Ragnor. He could 
  see me as I used a tool on my belt to cut through the ropes on my wrists. I 
  stooped and picked up my crystal whip. I put it on full and the first man that 
  moved screamed as I struck where it would do the most good. Only three of us 
  knew that Raider was going in ten minutes before the others would start into
  the 
  tunnels. Not even Roark knew this. Ragnor turned and raised his sword. 
   
&quot;This time you won't be so lucky. I will split you in two.&quot; He swung
the sword. 
   
&quot;I don't think so Ragnor. This time I will simply take your head.&quot;&nbsp; The
sword 
  fight seemed to go on forever. I stood back making sure no one interfered with 
  either of them. Each sported wounds and I waited my eyes on Raider and the
  room. 
  The two men did not even notice as Lord Fredericks men came through the hidden 
  tunnel. He pushed theresa to me and she clung to me, her eyes round with fear.
  I 
  noticed a rope burn on her neck but turned my attention back to Raider and 
  Ragnor. 
   
  The men were tiring but Raider pressed on. Then Ragnor lunged in anger at him 
  and Raider brought his sword down. As promised Ragnor's head rolled across
  the 
  floor. I hurried to Raider as he leaned against the table.&nbsp; I paid no
  attention 
  to his protests and ripped open his shirt. The worst wound gushed blood, and
  he 
  had lost much. I used the healing wand I always carried to stop the bleeding. 
  The med tube would be needed to restore him fully. Then he would need to rest 
  for a day or two. 
   
  The men, led by Thomas and Lord Oak had done their job well. All of Ragnor's
  men 
  had been contained. It was then that I saw the girl tied to the table. Her
  eyes 
  were open and filled with pain. 
   
  'This will hurt. I have no choice in that but I will heal you later. There
  will 
  be no scars. Are you ready?&quot;&nbsp; She nodded and I began with the pin
  in her nose.   
Then I began on the ones in her lips, which were hard to unfasten.
    I asked 
  theresa if she knew the girls name. But she shook her head no. When I had taken 
  the last of the ones from her lips she whispered to me. 
   
&quot;My name is ruth.&quot; I smiled and winked. 
   
&quot;Just a bit longer ruthie.&quot; Poor ruthie was sobbing by the time I got
rid of all 
  of the pins and released her from the table. I held her for a few minutes and 
  one of Raiders men found her a warm cloak to put on. I turned her over to 
  theresa and her gentle ministrations. 
   
  It seemed like the battle had only been going for a few minutes. When in fact
  it 
  had been several hours. Many of Ragnor's men were dead the rest had surrendered. 
  The women would be sorted out later and until we knew who was loyal and who
  was 
  not, they would be isolated. The dead would stay underground. Raider was going 
  to collapse the tunnels. Thomas had a slight head wound and Lord Oak a rather 
  rakish looking cut on his cheek. I asked if he was going to keep it or not. 
   
&quot;Let us leave this place. We will put the bodies of the others in with them. 
  There has been enough of the stench of death to last a lifetime.&quot; Raider
  smiled 
  at his friends and his men. &quot;Well done all of you. Well done indeed.&quot; 
   
  It was a battle weary group that headed back to town. Once in the pub the wounds 
  of all were seen to. We made ruthie go first and the med tube healed all but
  the 
  memory of her ordeal. That was something she would have to do for herself.
  I 
  thought perhaps she was much stronger than she appeared to be. Raider was last. 
  We were all sworn not to talk about the battle until he was done in the tube.
  He 
  would be weak for a day maybe two. Then he would be back to his usual robust 
  self. As I started to close the tube he stopped me. 
   
&quot;Does this mean I can't you know?&quot; He smiled so innocently. 
   
&quot;NO it merely means she has to be on top and you can't do it ten times in
a 
  night for two nights. You will have to cut that in half.&quot; He nodded as
  if I were 
  serious. I shut the tube and he shut his eyes and slept. I stood near not 
  letting anyone close to the tube. 
   
  Two hours later night had fallen. It was cold and dreary. The bodies from the 
  cellar had been tossed in with Ragnor and his men. Morgana had been given the 
  choice of death and burial with them or continue on as a prisoner. She chose 
  prisoner. When asked celeste chose death. Her guilt over betraying everyone
  for 
  her sister was too much for her. She chose the stinger and a swift death.&nbsp; Then 
  Raider started with me. I raised my hands. 
   
&quot;Ordinarily I would agree with you Raider. I would have said yes I should
have 
  stayed at the pub with theresa. However, it did not matter. Had I been there
  the 
  outcome might have been quite different. Tell him theresa.&quot; She looked
  at me in 
  shock. Her lip quivered and she looked tearfully around the room. 
   
&quot;I tried to be obedient my Master. I did. I really did. I stayed in my room. 
  Then I heard your two men say they wished this was all over and Ragnor would 
  rule again. That they could rape all the women they wanted then but that you,
  my 
  Master, would not allow it. Then I heard them say they were going to kill me.
  I 
  didn't know what to do. They came into the room and put a rope around my neck 
  and I used the ring on them both. I - well I --- sort of&nbsp; um sort of grabbed 
  them by the balls. There I said it. Yep, I did. Right by the balls first one 
  then the other. Amazing how well that works. Then I hit them over the head
  with 
  the baseball bat I keep under the bed. I hurried to tell MiLady and saw that 
  Roark hit her and tie her up and I saw the other men. They were going to follow 
  him in. Must have been a hundred of them but MY MASTER stopped them. I ran
  as 
  fast as I could to tell him. Whew. That's it.&quot; She smiled and wiped away
  her 
  tears her legs had not stopped swinging. 
   
&quot;So you see my dear Raider, it would have made no difference whether I stayed
or 
  not. I am sorry I made you worry. It was not my intention to do so.&quot; I
  smiled at 
  him. &quot;Now all the tales and retelling can wait. We are all tired and fed.
  Let us 
  be off to bed. Since theresa will be with Lord Frederick you will sleep in
  her 
  room ruthie.&quot; 
   
&quot;Oh no MiLady I could not. I will sleep by the fireplace if it is alright
with 
  Sir Thomas.&quot; She smiled shyly. 
   
&quot;It may be fine with him but not with me. Now come along.&quot;&nbsp; She
smiled and 
  followed me. I gave her one of my old warm gowns. It was too long for her and 
  she laughed but curled up in the warm bed and was quickly asleep. I was not
  long 
  after her. 
   
  I woke to the aroma of coffee the next morning. I smiled at ruthie and 
  gratefully accepted the cup. I told her I would shower and join the group 
  downstairs. 
   
  Raider had been up for several hours. He had been through the tunnels and had 
  gone through Ragnor's personal belongings. The girl he had raped and burned
  was 
  still there and Raider had brought her back. I studied his face for a minute. 
   
&quot;So, how many brothers? He looked up at me and started to laugh. 
   
&quot;I hate when you read my mind like that. There were seven in all each by
a 
  different mother. Five are dead. Two live. Both it seems are quite barbaric.
  The 
  one is peculiar in some manner but it does not say how. Something about him 
  enjoying both worlds. I don't know if any lived to carry the news of Ragnor's 
  death to them or not. I cannot worry about what might be I have to deal with
  the 
  what is.&quot; I nodded. 
   
&quot;I say we go to the farm. You will like parts of it. A few you won't. It
has 
  grown much and we are very self-sufficient. Besides you need a rest and you 
  promised.&nbsp; You all are invited. Lord Oak you can bring Morgana with you
  if you 
  like. You as well Thomas you must come along. I would like you to come along
  as 
  well ruthie. Unless of course you have family here or a reason to stay.&quot; 
   
  It was agreed upon that all would come. Morgana would ride the horse the entire 
  way there. The prisoners would pull the wagons. The women from the underground 
  tunnels were turned over to the town to be sorted out. 
   
  Two days later a more refreshed group of people set out for Demongate Farm. 
  Raider had pierced selena's nose and hooked a lead from it to the wagon. He
  had 
  left her naked and her arms tied behind her back. She had no choice but to 
  follow us on our new adventure.   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DemonLady


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





