BDSM Library - Service With a Smile




Service With a Smile
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive husband discovers that providing stud service to an assortment of women as his Mistress requires him to do it is not nearly as pleasurable as it could be.
Service With a Smile
Ladyvet

        I'm certain many of you men reading this have had the same daydream I
used to have; to provide stud service to a succession of attractive women.
Remember the old saying "be careful what you wish for. You just might get it!"

        I've served my Mistress for five years. We had a "normal" sexual
relationship while we were dating and during the first few months of our
marriage but She soon got into bondage and big sex toys and things changed
dramatically. She became more interested in owning me than in being a marriage
partner. I loved Her, so I went along with it and submerged into complete sexual
slavery. She enjoys toys more than intercourse. I'm almost eight inches long and
very thick but I could never really satisfy Her. She's always enjoyed toys and
fisting and She has a taste for things much larger than life. She does, however,
enjoy foreplay, especially oral, as much as ever. She has me stimulate Her,
sometimes for hours on end, before letting me have an orgasm.

        For our first anniversary, Mistress had an ornate gold circular lock
about the size of a silver dollar and a quarter inch thick pierced through the
head of my cock just ahead of my ridge. Needless to say, it makes sex of any
kind, including masturbation, impossible. I remember the day it became part of
me. She let me have sex with Her for the first time in many months just before
we went to have the piercing done. She was very excited and stimulated by what
would soon be done to me. She lay under me with Her legs hooked behind my arms,
knees against her shoulders and rammed Herself upward, meeting my thrusts just
the way She used to in the early days of our relationship. She was extremely
loose from using her big dildos but I'd gone without for so long I didn't mind a
bit. She enjoyed it as much as I did until we were ready to cum, then She made
me pull out and wait for Her to get Herself off with Her hand. The doctor had
warned Her against ever getting pregnant again after half a dozen miscarriages.
I knew I'd leaked a little inside Her and prayed She wouldn't notice. She lay
back with Her hands behind Her head after Her orgasm and commanded me to clean
Her.

        She came again against my tongue, then She allowed me to masturbate to
completion while She enjoyed the sight. She used the bathroom afterward. Within
moments, She ran back into the bedroom, held up her hand with a smear of sticky
semen on Her fingertips and screamed at me. Things were damned tense until She
had Her period, at which time She announced that She never intended to allow me
to have intercourse with Her again. She wasn't about to submit to surgery and
abstinence was the safest form of contraception; no prescriptions, no
remembering to take precautions and no side effects, at least not for Her.

        I was damned uncomfortable during the several weeks the piercing took to
heal. As soon as the pain subsided, it was replaced by terminal arousal which
was even worse than the pain. Even though Mistress refused to have intercourse
with me, we had had a very active sex life and I was used to cumming at least
once a night. Her favorite ritual before the piercing was for me to massage Her
body with hot oil until She was relaxed and ready for sex. I was then allowed to
fondle and suck Her breasts until She wanted me to make oral love to Her. I
would continue until She was ready for me to bring on Her climax with a very
large dildo. She had never been able to cum while we made love. She got close
but never quite got there. Never believe for a moment that size doesn't matter!
She would lose patience, make me withdraw and finish Her with a dildo, after
which She would reward me by masturbating me to completion. Sometimes She would
give me a treat; she'd restrain me spread eagle on the bed, suck me until I was
ready to climax, then squeeze me so tightly that no cum could escape. She kept
sucking with Her fingers jammed into the place just behind my balls so She could
feel my internal muscles contracting, struggling to ejaculate. These orgasms
were very prolonged and intense but somehow, unsatisfying. She finally stopped
when fatigue ended my spasms and I softened. That was torture but Her mouth felt
so good it was worth it. I would stay semi-rigid and She would repeat it again
and again during the night. Between times, I would lie next to Her naked body
and try to ignore my unquenched desire until I could finally fall asleep. One
night after my piercing healed, it got so bad I tried to masturbate while
Mistress was out of the room. I couldn't get myself off with all that metal in
my cock but She caught me trying and that was enough. She pulled the sheet off,
looked at my stiff, metal-heavy rod and scowled.

        "I see you're healed and ready to go, Dennis but I don't remember giving
you permission to play with yourself. Your lock is a reminder that your cock is
My property! Now you have my permission make yourself cum. I want to see how
much you've accumulated."

        I couldn't jerk off because the lock was in the way no matter how I
grabbed myself. She smiled in satisfaction while I rubbed it every way I could.
I couldn't finish. I lay back defeated with my hardon still defiantly holding up
it's metal tormentor.

        "That's twice you've disobeyed me tonight, Dennis. I told you to cum!
Get out of bed, turn around and put your hands behind your back." She cuffed me
tightly and removed the lock. Free of its weight, my cock sprang up instantly,
rock hard and ready. She held it in Her warm, soft hand and I felt Her tremble a
little. Her pupils were so dilated they almost hid the light gray of her irises.
The sight of my unsuccessful attempt at masturbation had really turned Her on! I
thought She might even be hot enough to let me make love to Her. She stroked it
a few times and smiled when I began to pant. "You really need to cum, don't you,
Dennis?" She asked. "How would you like to fuck Me?" She opened Her robe and
showed me Her passion-hardened nipples. I was so hot I couldn't even answer. I
just nodded. That was another major mistake.

        "You insolent bastard!" She snarled. "Who the hell do you think you are?
Do you think you're worthy of having sex with Me after disobeying Me? Lie face
down on the floor!" I knelt on the thick rug, fell onto my side and rolled over
on my stomach. She reached under me, arranged my cock so it lay between my
stomach and the rug, then said "you wanted to get yourself off, so go ahead!" I
moved my hips and rubbed my cock against the soft, thick pile. "That's it, you
son of a bitch!" She said as I squirmed. "You wanted to fuck your fist? Fuck the
goddamned carpet instead. That's the only thing you're going to make love to for
a hell of a long time! Enjoy it!"

        She lay down next to me and rubbed Herself on my leg while I moved my
cock back and forth against the carpet. She held Her face near mine and let me
kiss Her deeply. My climax exploded. She moaned and went rigid with Her own as I
panted into Her mouth. She reached under me, grabbed the tip of my cock with Her
fingertips and I soaked the rug beneath me.

        She cuffed my hands behind my back and commanded me to stand at the foot
of the bed the following night. She took off Her nightgown, lay on Her back with
Her legs spread and played with Herself, alternately watching my face and cock,
which stood straight out despite the weight of my lock, while She used Her
fingers, then the big dildo. She knew She was driving me crazy and loved every
minute of it.

        She finally commanded me to serve Her with my mouth. I climbed clumsily
onto the bed, lay between her legs and licked Her until She closed her thighs on
my head and came against my mouth. She pushed my face away as soon as Her orgasm
ended. I gazed helplessly at Her wet opening. She mocked me, spreading Herself
wide, showing me Her erect clit and wet, passion-swollen inner lips. After that
she commanded me to lie on my back, wrapped her soft, warm hand around my shaft
and wagged me back and forth hard enough for the lock to flop against my belly.
I was so hard I hurt when she removed my lock.

        "Don't get your hopes up, Dennis. You aren't putting anything inside Me
but your tongue. You are going to have some fun, though. I'm going to start
conditioning you to cum as soon as you're touched and I think we'll both enjoy
your training."

        I looked at my bounding cock and knew my first lesson would probably be
a success.

        "I'm going to stroke you ten times. If you don't cum, I'll stop and put
your lock back on for a week, then we'll try it again." She knelt over me,
wrapped Her hand tightly around my cock and commanded me to count Her strokes.
She stroked me slowly from base to head with the pressure she knew I liked best.

        "One, two, three, four..." I watched Her beautiful breasts sway with
each stroke. "Five, six, seven..." She pinched one of Her large, dark nipples,
licked Her full lips and touched the slit under the tip of my cock with Her
tongue, then pulled her lovely mouth away. "Eight, nine..." I filled Her hand.
"Good boy, Dennis!" She exclaimed. She kept pumping me, squeezing my shaft with
each upstroke. My cum ran over her hand and down Her wrist to pool on the silk
sheet. "We'll do this again tomorrow night," She said as She put my lock back on
"and see how obedient you are."

        The next night was a disaster. I wasn't able to cum although I got
close. She restrained me spread eagle on the bed, put my lock on and tied a rope
to it. She pulled it tight enough to stretch me and fastened the other end to
the rail at the foot of the bed. I thought She would simply leave me that way
for the night but that would have been too easy on me. She straddled me,
positioned Her clit against my suffering cock and moved back and forth on it
until She came. She waited a full week before She let me try to cum again. I was
horny enough the next time to shoot almost as soon as She started to jerk me
off. It was touch and go the following night but I made it in nine strokes. She
performed the ritual each night for the next few months. I managed to cum more
quickly toward the end, sometimes needing only two or three strokes.

        "You've made real progress, Dennis," She commented the night I filled
Her hand after only one. I stayed hard, as I often do after my first climax. She
continued to hold me tightly. "Come on, Dennis" She ordered "if you want to cum
again, do some of the work." I raised my hips off the bed and thrust into Her
hand, straining to ejaculate.

        "That's it," She exclaimed, "fuck my hand, Dennis, and tell Me what
you'd rather be doing."

        "I'd like to be inside You, Mistress," I said. She spread Herself and
showed me Her slippery wet depths.

        "Yes," She whispered breathlessly "wouldn't it feel great if I let you
put it inside or sucked you off and swallowed your cum?"

        I moved as quickly as I could in Her hand, staring at Her slick opening
and remembering how we used to screw for hours. I came, pumping Her hand until I
was completely spent and soft. She wiped my sticky fluid on my face and hair and
said "We'll put your training to use soon. Until then, you'll save your cum."

        "Pretty soon" turned out to be a long time to have to wait for another
climax. I learned why Mistress had conditioned me to cum so quickly when Her
sister Martha and her husband arrived for a visit a few weeks later. She'd
masturbated me and let me play with her every night with my lock on to make sure
I couldn't to make sure I'd be ready. Martha had been trying unsuccessfully to
get pregnant for years. Her husband is much older than she. His sperm count low
and he has great difficulty attaining and maintaining an erection. They were
getting desperate but didn't want to use artificial insemination. Mistress and
Martha decided to use me without her husband's knowledge and let him think the
child, if one resulted, was his.

        Mistress removed my lock when we went to bed but left my hands cuffed
behind me until Martha knocked softly on the bedroom door in the middle of the
night. She came in, dropped her black peignoir on the floor and slipped into bed
with us. She lay next to me on her back, drew her long legs up and spread them
wide. Mistress told me to position myself above her with the tip of my cock
against her slot. Her soft, thick pubic hair was wet and sticky from being with
her husband. The mixture of her delicate musk and expensive cologne made me
dizzy with desire.

        "Don't move a muscle until you're ready to cum," Mistress commanded
"then shove it in all the way and keep it there. Don't move inside her. You're
not doing this for enjoyment." I gazed down at Martha's beautiful face and full,
heavy breasts and thought how wrong Mistress was about my enjoying it. Just the
sight of Martha beneath me and the scent of her arousal were almost enough to
get me off. Mistress only had to stroke me twice before I started to cum and
buried myself in Martha's hot, wet depths. It took all my concentration and
willpower to keep from thrusting while I ejaculated. I forced myself against
her, jamming my pubis against hers. She squirmed under me and wrapped her legs
around my back. Her tight internal muscles contracted, milking me as she pulled
me against her. I wondered whether she had had an orgasm with her husband and
needed another or if she had failed to have one, allowing me the privilege of
enjoying her first one with her. Mistress pressed Her fingers against me just
behind my balls so She could feel me cumming. I filled Martha's tight opening so
completely that some ran out around my cock. Mistress ordered me to withdraw as
soon as my muscles stopped clenching. Martha shuddered and moaned, then
reluctantly lowered her legs so I could pull away. She grasped my cock as I
pulled out and squeezed it very tightly, forcing every last drop of cum into Her
sister. Martha's eyes were misty with desire and I was still quite hard. God,
she was beautiful and it had been so long since I'd had sex! I wanted to ram
myself back into her and extinguish the fire raging inside us but I couldn't.

        "Get off her, you son of a bitch! You're finished!" Mistress snarled. I
managed to brush Martha's breast with my hand as I climbed over her. She sighed
deeply, touched her swollen, sticky opening with her fingertips, then got up,
slipped on her peignoir and left without a word.

        "That was fine, Dennis," Mistress exclaimed. She cuffed my wrists and
locked me up. She hadn't seen me touch Martha! "I didn't know anyone could cum
that much and still stay hard! You ought to be limp as a dishrag. Martha must
have had quite an effect on you. She's a sexy little bitch, isn't she? She's
been like a cat in heat since she got her first period. I suppose I should have
let you fuck her brains out just to be nice to her but what the hell! She can
always try to get her husband in the mood again or finger herself if he can't
get it up. I need some attention and you probably would have taken forever to
cum a second time. Now bring that mouth of yours down here and serve Me!" I
pictured Martha lying in bed with her husband and wondered if they were love
again or if she was masturbating. I futilely rubbed my cock against the sheet
and licked Mistress to Her climax.

        The four of us ate breakfast together. We made small talk while I tried
to avoid Martha's gaze. She stared hungrily at me whenever her husband wasn't
looking and it drove me crazy. I kept picturing her beneath me, eyes glazed with
passion. I relived the sensation of her body against mine, her hot, wet sheath
squeezing me. Her husband left after breakfast to attend to some business.
Martha wasted no time.

        "Come on, let's go upstairs!" she urged as soon as his car left the
driveway. Mistress looked at me and nodded.

        "Go ahead, I'll be up in a few minutes."

        Martha took my hand and placed it inside her robe as soon as we were in
the guest room. Her nipple was prominent and hard. She kissed me and rubbed
herself against me. I realized that Martha thought I'd be able to make love to
her. Mistress hadn't told her about my lock. My cock tingled and erected,
lifting the heavy lock. She touched my fly, then recoiled. "God, what's this
thing?" she demanded. I showed it to her and explained how I'd accepted slavery
with her sister as my Mistress.

        "She won't take this thing off you until She's ready to make love?" she
asked incredulously.

        "We don't make love any more." I replied.

        "No wonder you finished so quickly!" she exclaimed. I explained how
She'd trained me.

        "I can't believe She'd do this!" she said. I told her that Mistress
enjoyed depriving me of pleasure and that making me cum immediately was one way
of doing so. That way, I couldn't enjoy the buildup of pleasure.

        Mistress walked in and laughed at the sight of my metal-heavy erection
protruding from my pants. She patted it and asked "what's the rush, Martha?
You'll get serviced soon enough."

        "Why on earth did you do this to him?" Martha demanded.

        "Dennis is fertile as hell," Mistress explained. "I can't risk another
miscarriage and the best way to prevent it is to keep him from fucking me."

        "What's wrong with having a tubal ligation or getting him a vasectomy?"
Martha asked incredulously.

        "I don't want to have unnecessary surgery. He's still my husband. I
don't want him playing around behind my back. Can you think of a better way of
solving both problems than keeping him locked up?" Martha shook her head.

        "I guess not, if you don't mind making him miserable."

        "Are you miserable, Dennis?" Mistress demanded. "Tell her how you like
our arrangement. Would you be happier being single so you could fuck anything
that walks?"

        "No, Mistress," I replied. "I love You."

        "There, Martha, so much for misery. Dennis is getting what he needs and
so am I, which is more than I can say for you!"

        Martha sat on the edge of the bed, stared at my cock and said "Yes,
you're right about my not getting what I need. How about taking that thing off
and leaving us alone for a few minutes? I won't ruin him."

        Mistress looked at my cock which stood was standing proudly at attention
despite the lock's weight and demanded "Do you want to make love to My sister,
Dennis? Would you enjoy sucking her nipples and pumping that wet cunt of hers?"

        I took a deep breath and answered "Yes, Mistress, if You want me to!"
Martha ran the tip of her tongue over her lips and stared hungrily at my cock.
Mistress rubbed my balls and smiled.

        I thought She was actually going to give me permission but She said "No,
I'll stay here and make sure you two don't have too much fun. You're here to get
pregnant, Martha, not satisfied." She knelt down in front of me and removed the
lock. "Dennis used to love it when I sucked him but he never learned to hold
back even though he knew I didn't like him to cum in My mouth." She took the
head of my cock briefly into Her mouth, then stood up and wrapped Her hand
around it and squeezed. The sensation was so strong it made my hips jerk. She
squeezed harder, expelling a small drop of clear pre-orgasmic fluid. "Martha,"
She warned, "if you want his cum, you'd better not waste any time. He's ready!"
Martha lay back on the bed. She rubbed her breasts through the thin material
with her left hand and pressed her right against her mons.

        "Don't try to fuck him like you did last night," Mistress warned. "Keep
your clothes on, your legs flat on the bed and let me get him off." Martha
parted her robe just below her waist and continued to rub herself as I knelt
between her legs. I put my hands on the bed with my arms against her ribs so I
could feel the sides of her breasts and held my body above hers with the tip of
my cock against her labia. She brushed it lightly with her finger tips, then
spread herself to take me. Mistress commanded me to enter her completely, then
hold perfectly still. I pushed myself into her, relishing her heat and slick
tightness. Martha kept her legs out straight but pressed them tightly against
mine. Mistress jammed one knee into the small of my back to keep me from moving
my hips.

        She pressed her fingers into the area behind my balls and said "I'm
waiting, Dennis."

        Martha dug the long nails of one hand into my back, pulling me against
her while she stimulated herself with the other. She was too excited to lie
still. She made small, sinuous, barely visible motions with her hips. Her thigh
muscles bunched as she moved imperceptibly under me. She rubbed her clit with
tiny circular motions until a shudder and sigh announced her orgasm. I looked
longingly at her knotted nipples through the thin material just inches from my
mouth. Her wide blue eyes grew vacant and her contractions started. She gasped
and strained against me. Her cervix moved against the tender tip of my cock.
That was all I needed. I filled her while she moaned and shuddered. Mistress
commanded me to withdraw as soon as my spasms stopped. Martha touched my
still-hard cock as it slid out of her and I ejaculated again, spurting onto her
hand and thigh. She gathered the thick liquid and smeared it over her labia.
Another shudder wracked her body, then she went limp. Mistress caught me staring
at Martha's glistening, swollen slot and ordered me off the bed.

        "You and Dennis are a good match," Mistress said and laughed. "You cum
as quickly as he does. Brett must be worthless in bed if he leaves you this
horny!" Martha pulled her robe around her and turned away.

        She muttered "You bitch!" under her breath. Mistress laughed again and
handed me the lock, which I reluctantly slipped through my piercing and snapped
shut.

        "You never could get enough, could you, Martha?" she asked. "You married
Brett for his money and that's all you got! I hope it's worth it. You aren't
going to get more from Dennis than you need to get pregnant. Stay here and rub
yourself off if you need to. Watching you two got me going and I can't wait any
longer. Come on, Dennis, your tongue has work to do." We left Martha lying on
the bed.

        I'm fully trained now. Mistress has me prepare Her with my mouth until
She's ready to finish Herself with the dildo. She leaves my hands cuffed behind
my back and the lock on while I'm in bed with Her to make sure I can't cum. She
doesn't permit me to have orgasms in bed because She doesn't like the mess. She
occasionally takes pity on me after She's had Her climax and rewards me in the
shower. She removes the lock and stands behind me. She presses Herself against
my back and lets me probe the wet heat of Her slot with my cuffed hands, a
pleasure denied to me at all other times. She reaches around me and grips my
cock tightly. When She's ready to cum, She gives me permission to thrust into
Her hand. I do it a few times until I feel my cum start to boil upward, then
stop. She holds the base of my cock with one hand and rubs my heavy balls with
the other. We watch my cum spray against the tiles. She presses Her firm breasts
against my back and moves on my hand, rubbing Herself against my fingers and the
handcuffs until She's finished cumming. Once my cock is down, She rubs it to see
if She can get it hard again. She usually succeeds. When She does, my reward is
Her soft, hot mouth. She sucks me until I have another orgasm, this time with
little or no ejaculate for Her to have to taste. I watch the streaks of semen
slide down the tiles and wish I had been inside Her when I came. After She's
finished with me, She puts my on, frees my hands and we shower. I wash Her
supple body under the hot water until all traces of Her passion are gone and
towel Her skin to a pink sheen with a heavy Turkish towel.

        Two months after Martha's visit, she called Mistress with the happy news
of her pregnancy. Mistress told me She had good news and bad news. Martha's
pregnancy was bad news as far as I was concerned. I'd really been looking
forward to being with her again, even under Mistress' conditions. I kept that to
myself.

        "The good news," She said with a wicked smile "is that Martha has a
young and very pretty friend who's having trouble getting pregnant. I'm going to
let you play stud again. The bad news is that I'm not going to take your lock
out and allow you to cum again before you service her, whenever that is. This
way, you'll be at your best. You will be ready, won't you?" She opened my fly,
pulled out my cock and rubbed the head until I was erect.

        "Yes Mistress, I'll be ready!" I replied too quickly.

        "You're too anxious, Dennis. Maybe I let you have too much fun with
Martha. I saw you staring at her pussy. You managed to touch her tit, too, when
you thought I wasn't looking. I'll have our clients keep their clothes on from
now on while you're servicing them and I'll keep your hands cuffed behind your
back. I don't want you to get more spoiled than you already are." She smiled
down at my hard cock and squeezed it. "I want it to be strictly business. That
way, I know you'll appreciate it when I do you a favor and give you one of My
special hand jobs!"

        Brenda arrived a few days later. She was a knockout with long, black
hair and high, pointed breasts! I knew after one look at her that Mistress would
make me service her clothed, just as She'd threatened. There was no way She
would let me enjoy any aspect of the experience if She could prevent it.
Mistress and Brenda settled on the fee. Brenda agreed to the amount and said she
wanted to shower and freshen up.

        "That won't be necessary. You won't be taking off your clothes,
"Mistress replied. "You two aren't going to get romantic. He's going to
impregnate you, not make love to you." Brenda looked incredulously at me, then
at Mistress.

        "But Martha said..." Brenda began. Mistress cut her off.

        "I've improved the procedure since she had it done. It will be over
before you know it. You won't even get your hair mussed." Brenda looked very
disappointed. We went into the guest bedroom. Mistress cuffed my wrists behind
my back, took out my cock and removed my lock.

        Brenda stared at my long, thick staff and said "I'm paying a lot for
this. I want my money's worth."

        "Get this straight," Mistress said icily. "This isn't for your
entertainment or his. Dennis is my husband. I'm doing you a favor by letting him
get you pregnant. If I wanted him to make love someone, it would be Me, not
you." Brenda sighed and nodded.

        "Get on your hands and knees on the bed, raise your skirt, slide your
panties down to your knees and hold still while he's inside you."

        I knelt behind Brenda. Mistress positioned the head of my cock near
Brenda's hot pussy, commanded me to tell Her when I was ready to shoot and
stroked me, pausing between each up and down movement. I warned Her that I was
ready after three strokes. She guided me between Brenda's labia.

        She was wet and incredibly tight. She moved back against me and rubbed
herself with her right hand. I began to ejaculate as soon as I was inside her.

        "Now, Mistress!" I grunted. "I'm cumming now!" Mistress couldn't feel
beneath my balls to tell when I was finished. She looked at Her watch and
ordered me to pull out after a half-minute or so. Cumming inside Brenda was a
treat but, to be truthful, it less enjoyable than a hand job.

        Brenda got off the bed, adjusted her panties and skirt and looked at my
wet cock sticking out of my pants and exclaimed "I wish my husband were built
like that!"

        Mistress laughed. "Yes, he has one hell of a cock, doesn't he? He'd be a
lousy lover, though. He's lazy and you saw how fast he cums. He's perfectly
happy to just stick it in and cum immediately or let Me jerk him off. She smiled
at me and rubbed Her hands. "Aren't you, Dennis?"

        I answered "Yes, Mistress" and bit my tongue to keep from saying
anything else. Brenda shook her head and sighed.

        "I can't believe how You control him," she said, still staring at my
cock. "I wish Jeff were a little more controllable."

        "Nothing to it," Mistress replied, discussing me as though I weren't
there while She freed my hands. "It's just like training a dog. You use a system
of rewards and punishments to create the proper behaviors, then reinforce them.
Sex is a reward and abstinence is a punishment. This was the first time I've let
him cum in about a week. He's due for a little reward for servicing you. Dennis,
show Brenda how well trained you are. Jerk off for her."

        I was completely humiliated but my cock was still stiff and I wasn't
going to argue. Brenda sat in a chair in front of me, crossed her legs and let
me see her sheer white panties, transparent with wetness at the crotch. I stared
at her dark, thick bush through the white silk and fantasized that I was inside
her again, really fucking her this time. I had to rub myself until sweat ran
into my eyes and my arm was sore but I finally came, emptying my few remaining
drops into my palm. Brenda shifted in her chair and sighed deeply when I
ejaculated.

        She stood, wiped her sweaty palms on her skirt and exclaimed "thanks!
I've always wanted to watch a man do that." Mistress motioned for me to rise. I
stood in front of Brenda's chair. She handed Brenda my lock and asked if she
wanted to put it on me. Brenda examined it carefully, shook her head and gave it
to Mistress, Who smiled and handed it to me.

        "Here, put your lock back in," She commanded to complete my humiliation.
Brenda watched in fascination as I smeared my cum on the hasp to lubricate it,
threaded it through the hole in my cock and obediently locked it. Mistress
didn't give me permission to put my cock back in my pants so I left it out.
Brenda couldn't take her eyes off the heavy lock dangling from it. I wondered if
she was picturing a lock in her husband's cock.

        Mistress counted the thick wad of bills and smiled. "Just like
artificial insemination with none of the clinical bullshit. If you don't get
pregnant this time, monitor your ovulation cycle and schedule another
appointment for when you're most fertile. You can come back as many times as it
takes and it won't cost you any extra. I want you to be," She turned Her head,
winked at me and laughed "completely satisfied."

        Mistress has quite a little business established now. Sometimes I get to
service a few women a month but only as I did it with Brenda. I never get to see
their bodies, let alone touch them with my hands. Mistress seldom lets me cum
anymore except when I'm working. If no client is scheduled within two weeks,
Mistress sometimes takes pity on me. She cuffs my hands behind my back, removes
my lock and jerks me off. It only takes a few strokes.

        I'm so horny when I'm working, I usually start to ejaculate while I'm
sliding in. If I don't cum immediately, Mistress makes me pull out all but the
head and strokes me a few times. That's all it takes. I bury myself and fill the
client's hot insides with cum, then pull out.

        Mistress is very pleased with Herself! She makes a few thousand dollars
each time I service a client and has some fun at my expense to boot. I'm just
happy to be able to cum, especially in the occasional attractive woman who'll
move on me a little...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ladyvet


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





