BDSM Library - Buns of Steel




Buns of Steel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the story of an adulteress in Las Vegas, a mother and daughter on vacation in Rio whose lives come together because of the whim of a prince of an African counrty.
Buns of Steel

The lives of several people, living in three different countries, on three
different continents are about to embark on a collision course with one another,
a course filled with twists and turns and a little fate, that would change their
lives forever, some a great deal more than others.

Few people in the world have even heard of, much less care about Kenja, a small
but wealthy African nation, wealthy at least for Prince Majib, it's ruler, and a
few others composed of his carefully selected, self appointed regime. At the
moment the prince is in a serious discussion with Mistress Marika, his loyal
overseer of the slaves. Although both are black, their skin tones are
contrasting in nature, Prince Majib's being very dark, almost coal-black while
Marika's coloring is that of cocoa, suggesting a mixture of blood in her
heritage. They are both literate in the english language and spoke as if well
educated. 

"Call me crazy Marika but I've had this vision in my mind lately, a fantasy, if
you will." "I see myself driving a team of all blonde ponygirls, not bleached
blondes mind you, but genuine, natural blondes, on their pubic areas as well as
on their heads." "Is this achievable Marika, can this be done?"

Marika smiled, now enjoying her own vision of training such a rare team of
ponies.

"Up until now our slaves have primarily consisted of local blacks, to expand in
the manner that you propose could be quite dangerous if word ever leaked to the
outer world and indeed it would also be quite expensive, I am sure."

Prince Majib rubbed his chin as if contemplating Marika"s words.

"The expense is of no concern, you know that Marika, as for the other it would
also be to our detriment if it was discovered what goes on in our country right
now and so far there as not been the slightest cry of outrage, besides America
is busy fighting terrorism right now."

"It appears to me Prince Majib that your mind is already made up, I shall look
into this matter at once."

.......................................................................

Some many thousands of miles away from Kenja, on one of the fabled beaches of
Rio, two beautiful blondes on vacation are soaking up the rays, unaware that
they are the focus of two sets of binoculars held by two men standing on the
highway above the crowded beach.

Both men wore the usual tourist garb, flowered shirt, not tucked in, cut off
khaki pants and sandals.

"There, the one on the left, she's the mother, hard to tell the difference isn't
it?"

"Yeah, shit, she must have been a baby herself when she got pregnant."

"Her name is Cheryl Watkins, never been married, got pregnant out of wedlock at
sixteen, was a mother at seventeen." "Her daughter Kathy is fifteen now so I
guess that would make her about thirty two wouldn't it?" "She's done quite well
for herself too, owns a chain of clothing stores throughout Europe."

Both blondes were gorgeous and definitely babes, the resemblance was apparent
but yet they were quite different. Cheryl, the mother was three inches taller
than Kathy's 5' 2" and was more slender, her larger, more developed breasts
abundantly filling her strained bikini top. Kathy, while shorter, was more curvy
and although her breasts, round and hard had not yet blossomed to full maturity
they would certainly be the envy of most fifteen year old girls.

The man that had all of the pertinent information and seemed to be the one in
authority continued with his dialogue.

"They are staying at a friends beach house and for the last three nights have
taken a midnight stroll along a strip of desolate and private beach, should they
follow that same routine tonight, we'll move on em."

........................................................................

It was mid afternoon in Las Vegas, Lydia Cortlandt stood in front of the large
bay window of her office looking five stories down at the lines of vehicles
crawling slowly along Las Vegas Blvd. She could see her own club, the Oasis
Casino, in a few hours it's massive neon sign would be helping to light up the
Las Vegas skyline, drawing tourists like moths to a flame. Lydia was indeed
proud of her accomplishments, she had turned a near bankrupt hotel and casino
into a flourishing, money making endeavor. She may have been a female operating
in a predominantly male domain but she hadn't let that slow her down for one
second, when need to be she could be as ruthless as any man, maybe even more so.
Lydia ruled her empire with an iron fist, surrounding herself with strong mafia
types that had earned her trust through acts of loyalty. Lydia had no qualms
about dealing harshly with those who crossed her in any way, including her
personal life as well as her business ventures.

It was a problem with her personal life, actually her husband's current
indiscretion that had set the wheels in motion for the upcoming charade. Lydia
would ordinarily delegate messy business to one or two of her associates but she
wanted to participate personally in the punishment of her husband and his
adulteress bimbo. Her thoughts retreated to about a year ago, she could vividly
envision the leggy, buxom showgirl, bound and gagged, flopping around naked on
the bottom of the freshly dug pit, her disbelieving eyes bulging in stark terror
when the shovel fulls of sand began to pelt and cover her goose-bumped flesh.
Richard had gotten off easy that time but she gave him ample warning about never
letting it happen again. Sure, she continued thinking, her anger mounting to a
new crescendo, so I'm fifty years old and a little overweight and Richard is
only thirty two, but he came to me without two nickels to rub together and now I
support him in the style of the rich and famous and he should show me respect
instead of trying to fuck every hot babe in town.

Lydia crossed the room and seated herself behind the large mahogany desk, this
was not her normal business office but rather one of her several "special"
offices that could be used for extra curriculum or secret meetings, one that
could not be easily traced back to her name or one of her companies should
anyone have reason to be investigating her. When she had last seen her
philandering husband earlier that morning he was being held in a modest home
located on the outskirts of the town, bound, gagged and being guarded by two
members of her goon squad, now the trap was being set for the bitch. Lydia was
taking a slight chance of being recognised by the mark but the chance was slim
and besides she wanted badly to be involved first hand with the sting, she
thought it would be amusing to personally dupe and cool off the over heated
little minx who had been sleeping with her husband. Lydia picked up the private
investigator's report from the desk and perused it for what seemed like the
hundredth time.

Date:    2-15-02
Name:  Brandi Wylde
Age:     23
Hgt:      5' 9'
Wgt:     125 lbs.

2000:    Miss Florida 1st runner up
2001:    Miss Hawaiian Tropic winner
2001:    Star of television series "Kaanga, 
              Queen of the Jungle" (Cancelled)
2001:    Star of fitness video, "Buns of Steel"

2-7-02 Met Richard 8:00 P.M. King's Lodge Motel. Left 2:30 A.M.

2-9-02 Met Richard 1:30 P.M. at Sandstone Park. Picnic until 3:30 P.M. Left
together, went to Mojave Motel. Left together at 7:30 P.M. Returned to Sandstone
Park to pick up Ms. Wylde's auto. Left separately.

2-12-02 Met Richard 8:00 P.M. at King's Lodge Motel. Left at 5:00 A.M.

2-14-02 Met Richard 1:00 P.M. King's Lodge Motel. Left 2:00 P.M.

Lydia chuckled at the last entry, thinking to herself that it must have been a
"quickie" and then got heated again thinking about all of Richard's lies about
spending time in the casinos gambling, working on his system to beat the tables.

"Unbeknownst to Brandi Wylde, she was about to be snared into a devious plan of
revenge, the trap was set and ready to be sprung. Wherever Brandi went her
natural beauty turned heads, the swank office building lobby was no exception.
She was breathtaking, with a face made for the cover of Vogue, high cheek bones,
classic nose and gorgeous blue-gray eyes, further accentuated by the rich bronze
tan that shaded not only her face but the entire length of her tight firm body.
Her golden blonde hair was wavy, appearing wind blown and flowed wildly across
her shoulders. She wore an emerald green two piece ensemble with matching pumps,
on top was a knitted halter that hinted "see through" but really wasn't, the
outward indentions in the fabric created by her stiffened nipples could clearly
be seen as could the detailed outline of her breasts. Below the halter was
several inches of bare midriff and then the tantalizingly tight mini-skirt with
a hem that reached to about mid thigh revealing long fully calved legs, she wore
no stockings, none were necessary, her freshly shaved, deeply tanned legs were
lightly sheened with a rich creamy conditioner, the four inch heels she wore
defined their shapely contours to their best advantage.

Brandi approached a gray-haired elderly man sitting behind a small table, a
slight swagger in her walk, an air of confidence in her demeanor, on top of the
table was a sign indicating information.

"Excuse me sir."

The man looked up through the thick lenses of his horned rimmed glasses. 

"I have an appointment with Ms. Miller, am I in the right place?"

The old man's smile fairly dripped with honey.

"Must be your lucky day miss, take the elevator up to five, first door on the
left, you can't miss it."

Brandi thanked him and entered the already waiting elevator, failing to see the
man's evil smile as she walked away or the quick call he made on his cell phone
before picking up the information sign and exiting the building with a rush.

Lydia was still seated behind the large, polished, mahogany desk when Brandi
entered the office.

"Aha!, right on time Ms. Wylde, I like that, please have a seat."

She pointed to the chair positioned directly in front of the desk. Brandi
extended her hand before sitting down and the two ladies shared a warm hand
shake.

"Very nice to meet you Ms. Miller."

Lydia glimpsed the crotch of pale green panties before the young blonde crossed
her legs, although most of the copper colored skin of her finely toned thighs
remained exposed to her stare. The older lady mumbled under her breath.

"Who does she think she is, Sharon Stone?"

"I beg your pardon Ms. Miller."

Lydia paused for a moment.

"I said like wise I'm sure Ms. Wylde."

Lydia poured two glasses of ice tea and offered one to Brandi who politely
accepted.

"Now let's see, your television series has been cancelled, is that correct?"

Brandi stammered a bit.

"Well yes, but you see the director really had no idea of the intended concept,
he..........

The older lady interrupted her.

"Then the answer is yes?" "No matter, I'm sure that you received lots of
exposure from the series, if you know what I mean?"

The young blonde stirred uncomfortably in her chair, sipping her ice tea to calm
her nerves."

"Ms. Miller, your representative mention something about commercials."

"Yes, that is correct, we have an important client that is getting ready to
introduce a new energy drink to the market place and they are looking for
someone that exemplifies fitness and health to be their spokesperson in
television advertisements as well as making personal appearances around the
country and quite possibly abroad,"

The blonde's blue-gray eyes lit up with renewed enthusiasm.

"That sounds like something that I would fit into very nicely Ms. Miller, you
know with my Buns of Steel exercise video."

"Buns of Steel Ms. Wylde?, I thought you were Kaanga, Queen of the Jungle."

"I am...uhhh.... I mean I was, but I have this very successful exercise video
that guarantees a rock solid buttocks within six weeks if followed properly."

"I thought it was steel Ms. Wylde, is it buns of rock or is it buns of steel?"

Flustered, rattled and confused, Brandi's hand was visibly shaking as she raised
the glass of ice tea to her trembling lips.

"It's a figure of speech Ms. Miller, a matter of sema...sema ."

"Are you trying to say semantics Ms. Wylde?"

"I'm.... I'm sorry Ms. Miller, it's just a little warm in here, I'm having a
hard time bre...breathing, can you help me up?"

Lydia smiled watching the athletic blonde's feeble attempts to stand up, on her
third try she staggered clumsily to her feet, her wobbly legs under extreme
duress to support her own body weight. Brandi placed her hands on the surface of
the desk and leaned forward searching desperately for support but her arms
reacted like rubber bands, instead she fell forward, her face and breasts
smashing heavily against the hardwood surface of the desk with a resounding
thud, the desk now supporting her upper torso while her legs hung lifelessly
over the edge. In this position, with her mini-skirt hiked up towards her waist,
her entire posterior was exposed, her green lace panties clinging tightly to the
contours of her bottom cheeks.

Lydia grabbed a handful of golden locks and lifted the unconscious girls head.
Brandi's eyelids remained closed but her lashes fluttered ever so lightly, as if
agitated, Lydia lifted each lid with her index finger, the young girls pupils
were dilated and her eyeballs rolled upwards.

A mafia type man wearing a dark suit and tie quickly emerged from the back room.
Lydia pulled the young blonde's panties down until they were stretched taut
between her knees.

"There you are Jackson, go for it, conduct your own close up and personal
inspection of Kaanga, Queen of the Jungle and her celebrated buns of steel."

"Jesus, get a load of that ass, it's fucking gorgeous."

Jackson placed the tips of his fingers and thumbs against each of her orbs,
testing them like melons.

"Look at that will ya?, not an ounce of fat on em."

He slid his hands up and down the smooth skin of Brandi's freshly shaven legs,
the sweet fragrance of her rose scented skin conditioner adding to his pleasure,
her still body offering no response when his hand slipped smartly between her
parted thighs, tweaking a fold of her vagina's unprotected outer lips.

.....................................................................

It was nightfall when Lydia and Jackson, now joined by Louie, another associate,
escorted a bound and gagged but otherwise fully clothed Richard to the waiting
limousine. Louie opened the rear door for Lydia, who entered first, followed by
Richard and then Jackson, Louie closed the door and then proceeded to the
driver's seat. The three others took seats along the side as the rear seat was
fully occupied by the full length of Brandi's horizontal form. She was on her
belly, arms tied behind her back at the wrists and elbows with thin cord, her
trim ankles were crossed and also tied with cord, her face and head completely
hidden by her dishevelled blonde mane. Brandi was wearing the halter top,
mini-skirt and pumps but wore no panties, her celebrated buns showcased for all
to see by the abbreviated skirt. When the limo had made it's way onto the main
highway, Lydia motioned to Jackson who promptly hoisted the helpless blonde by
the shoulders to an upright sitting position. This was the first meeting between
the two adulterous lovers since their abductions. Brandi appeared to still be in
a somewhat drugged state, her eyes appearing glassy and unfocused, tear stains
streaked her face, mingled with smudges of mascara. Brandi's panties rendered
her speechless, stuffed into her mouth and held firmly in place by a black scarf
tied securely at the nape of her neck. Her halter top had been pulled up in
front fully exposing her naked titties, both of which appeared to have bruises
in the shape of bite marks. Lydia turned towards Richard, pleased with the
beautiful blonde's state of disarray.

"Don't worry Richard, your little playmate is just a little woozy from the
mickey I slipped her." Lydia reached over, patting her on the head, "Isn't that
right honey?"

As the limo slowed down everyone turned their attention from Brandi to the dark
and what appeared to be deserted area of McCarron Field. The limo proceeded
cautiously down an unlighted driveway and came to a stop in front of a heavy
metal gate with a large sign marked "PRIVATE PROPERTY-NO TRESPASSING.

Louie pressed the button on a remote control device and the gate began to rattle
and creak and slowly open inwardly, only when the gate was fully ajar did the
vehicle proceed on it's journey. Brandi was facing forward and could see someone
off in the distance waving what looked like a flashlight, as they got closer she
could see a man wearing a security guard uniform. Brandi realized that with the
tinted windows, it would be impossible for the guard to see through the treated
glass, with renewed vigor she screamed hysterically into her saliva sodden
panties trying desperately to gain his attention.

Louie braked the limo to a stop and Lydia immediately rolled down the window. A
mild looking, middle aged man stooped over and peered into the rear cabin of the
limo at the trussed, gagged and near naked blonde who was making loud snorting
sounds and bouncing up and down on the rear seat the best she could under the
circumstances, her free hanging titties performing a cute little dance for the
newcomer. With the show over for the moment the uniformed man turned his
attention to Lydia.

"Good evening Ms. Cortlandt, I suspected that it might be you, your plane is
warmed up and ready for takeoff."

With those fatal words, Brandi sobbed out loud, her pitiful muted sound filled
with despair and total frustration. her wayward breasts once again performing
their lewd act for everyone's amusement.

"Has the plane been prepared the way I requested and has it been stocked with
some appropriate toys?" "The boys here may get bored along the way and want to
amuse themselves with our charming new plaything." Lydia smiled and glanced at
Brandi as she spoke.

"Yes indeed Ms. Cortlandt, everything is exactly as you requested."

Lydia smiled graciously.

"Thank you James, good job as always."

She slipped him a handful of rolled up bills and they drove off.

......................................................................

Lydia, Richard, Jackson, Louie and Brandi all boarded the plane, it was
amazingly large, thirty seats on each side, sixty in all, the space that
contained the first fifteen rows was separated by a sliding curtain hanging from
an over head rod. When you are as wealthy as Lydia Cortlandt almost anything is
possible, even making an uncharted, non scheduled international flight in a
large jet.

Lydia drew the dividing curtain open and she was pleased, the front fifteen rows
of seats had been removed, on the right side of the fuselage a fairly large bed
had been installed and on the left side there were shelves filled with
paraphernalia of the sorts requested. Lydia pulled the curtain back in place and
turned to the guests of honor. They untied Richard and Brandi and removed their
gags. Brandi immediately pulled down her halter top to cover her naked breasts,
then smoothed an pushed down her wrinkled mini-skirt until the hem was at mid
thigh once again but the respite was short lived, however. Lydia ordered Brandi
to strip but the young blonde balked.

"No! god damn it, you can't do this to me, this is kidnapping, I want off this
fucking plane right now, do you hear me?"

The older woman delivered two stinging blows to the left side of Brandi's face
in rapid succession that sent her mind reeling in all directions.

"Jackson, please assist the young lady, she needs some help disrobing."

Brandi quickly accepted the inevitable.

"No, wait, I'll do it,"

It only took moments for Brandi to pull the halter top over her head, slide the
mini-skirt down over her hips and to step out of her pumps. She stood before
their gaze, eyes downcast, her brown sun-kissed body revealed in all it's naked
glory. Brandi offered no resistance now, allowing Jackson to guide her by the
arm to the rear of the plane, he sat her on the left side in the last row of
seats, using two pairs of handcuffs he secured each of her wrists to separate
ring bolts located near the bottom of the seat so that her hands were held low
and her arms to her sides. Brandi could only turn her head in disgust as
Jackson, not so gently squeezed her right breast and then inserted his index
finger into her arid slit before buckling up her seat belt.

"Don't worry baby, I'll be back real soon and you can have some more of that."

When he left, Brandi looked up and saw that Richard was seated on the same left
side just five rows in front of her, appearing to be manacled to the seat in the
same fashion that she was. Lydia was seated on the right side just across the
isle from Richard, her two cohorts seated in the row right behind her.

Almost like magic, field lights were illuminated lining the runway like guiding
beacons and very quickly the huge jet was air borne and on course to it's remote
destination in South America.

While Lydia, Jackson and Louie all adjusted their seat backs to a reclining
position and closed their eyes, the two prisoners remained wide awake with
nervous anticipation. Lydia's thoughts were of the fabled Cota de Casa and it's
infamous owner, Senor Samuel. She wondered if the stories were indeed true, if
they are, then for sure one, and possibly two of the passengers on board will
not be returning. It is difficult to believe that the perverse and sadistic
stories are actually true, especially in this day and age, but she knew her
sources to be very reliable. Lydia's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by
Jackson leaning forward over the seat and whispering something in her ear to
which she nodded in the affirmative,

"Can't get your mind off of blondie's ass, can you lover boy?"

Much to her chagrin, Brandi saw Jackson coming towards her, his dark eyes filled
with lust, his intentions no secret.

"I promised you I'd be back sweetie, did you miss me?"

Jackson released her left wrist completely, then used the handcuff on her right
wrist to manacle both of her wrists together behind her back.

The frightened young blonde pleaded from her heart as the burly man literally
dragged her up the aisle.

"Dear god, please don't rape me, please don't."

When they reached the row where Lydia sat, she dug her heels in, fighting
desperately not to be taken through the curtain. Brandi turned imploringly to
the older woman.

"Please Ms. Cortlandt, I'm sorry that I slept with your husband, please forgive
me."

Brandi was still screaming and begging as she was finally hauled through the
curtained off area.

"He's going rape me Ms. Cortlandt, please stop him, I beg you." 

Richard turned his sorrowful face towards Lydia.

"Don't even go there Richard, the little whore has it coming, besides Jackson
isn't going to do anything to the little tart that you haven't already
done.......at least I don't think he is." she laughed.

It was difficult for Lydia to keep Richard's attention, for when Brandi had been
manhandled through the curtain it had been left in such a position where as
Richard had a clear view of the bed area that those sitting on the right side
were not aware of.

Tired of talking to herself, Lydia dozed off as did Louie and although Jackson
and Brandi were not presently in view, Richard's eyes remained glued to the bed.
He could hear muffled sounds that he was sure came from Brandi. Suddenly Jackson
appeared carrying Brandi over his shoulder, her legs flailing wildly until he
tossed her onto the bed, landing heavily on the taut mattress she bounced once
or twice before finally settling on her back. She wore some sort of leather
helmet encasing her entire head, appearing to have no openings for the mouth or
eyes with only two small slits available for her nostrils. Naked and sporting a
semi-erect penis, Jackson grabbed Brandi by the ankles, using them as leverage
he rolled her body until she was flat on her her stomach. Richard could now see
that her wrists were cuffed behind her back. The frantic young blonde arched her
body, attempting to lurch forward when she felt the first cold touch of
Jackson's vaselined fingers pressing against the bud of her anus, the suppressed
sound of her indignant squeal indicating that her mouth was full of something
other than her tongue. Jackson forced two slippery fingers past the tight ring
of her sphincter muscles throughly lubricating the inner passageway of her
rectum. Now fully realizing Jackson's intent, Brandi maniacally tried slithering
forward but he placed his hands beneath her quaking stomach and lifted her to
her knees, her face still buried in the mattress, her crinkly rosette now level
with his throbbing penis. There was no movement for several moments, then Brandi
felt the weight and shape of Jackson's cock resting quietly in the divide
between her widened rear cheeks, her blood suddenly boiled, she could feel her
face tinge with anger and insult that her rapist could leisurely take his time
with her and play with her as if she was a toy. Then her sudden anger turned
just as quickly to fear, she felt the bloated head of Jackson's penis pressed
firmly against her well lubricated anus, then the unthinkable happened, Brandi
Wylde's rear orifice was penetrated for the very first time. The searing pain
over rode any thought of indignation, it felt like red hot irons as it spread to
the most remote regions of her intestines. Brandi bucked and heaved but
Jackson's giant hands held like a vice around her slender waist while his
stiffened rod continued to tear and mutilate the tender tissues of her violated
rear entrance. When Jackson sensed his impending ejaculation he slowed down his
piston like motion in order to savor the moment, he looked down at where the two
of them were sexually joined, he could see Brandi's brown wafer clinging
tenaciously to his prick and puff outwardly with each of his withdrawals, a
scream of agony marking time with each and every one. Jackson's body tensed, he
pulled Brandi's ass closer, then used slow, deliberate strokes to empty his
entire load into Brandi's abused backside.

"That's it baby, take it all, I'm going fill your fuckin belly with my spunk."

The lovely young blonde did just that, she took it all, both sightless and mute
with her ass thrust high in the air she became a mere receptacle for Jackson to
deposit his creamy substance. When he was finished with her, he released his
grip on her waist and withdrew. The damage inflicted on her rectum was apparent,
the membrane ruptured and bleeding, her buttocks and the insides of her thighs
coated with a mixture of blood and jism. Brandi emitted a muffled scream as
Jackson yanked her off the bed. Now out of Richards vision, he could hear Brandi
sobbing while Jackson spoke to her for a great long while, using a low monotoned
whisper that Richard couldn't make out. Then Brandi spoke, her voice high
pitched and whinny.

"Please sir, don't make me do that."

"You either do what I ask or your going to feel this butt plug where you really
don't want to feel it right now."

Suddenly Brandi pulled back the curtain with a swoosh that brought both Lydia
and Louie out of their snoozing.

Brandi was on her knees in front of a very naked Jackson, she was wearing a two
piece, abbreviated leopard skin Kaanga, Queen of the Jungle outfit, the top half
being about two inches wide and the bottom
half about four inches wide. Lydia had had it made   specifically for
the trip. As soon as the curtain opened, the young blonde began cleaning
Jackson's prick with her tongue, only hesitating long enough to answer Jackson's
mocking questions.

"Hey you down there, what's your name?"

"I'm Kaanga, Queen of the Jungle sir."

"Are you enjoying yourself, cleaning my prick?"

"Yes sir."

"You do know where it's been don't you?"

"Yes sir, it's been in my asshole."

"Is it the biggest and nicest prick you've ever had been put in you?"

"Yes sir."

OK Kaanga, Queen of the Jungle, go over to Richard and tell him that."

Brandi stood up and walked over to Richard,  neither attempting to make eye
contact.

"Richard, Jackson has the biggest and nicest prick I've ever had put in me."

Watching the beautiful young blonde licking Jackson's prick had kick started
Louie's libido. He took Brandi by the arm, escorting her to the make shift
bedroom, the helpless young girl once again looking to Lydia for pity. The older
woman shook her head.

"That's right, Kaanga, your nooky gets passed around.

Louie pushed Brandi through the curtain and then pulled it closed behind them.
Soon there after the interior lights were turned out, Lydia and Jackson fell
asleep almost as soon as their heads touched the backrest, Richard however,
chained to his seat, drifted in and out of slumber all during the night. Two or
three times he was awakened by Louie's grunts and groans when he was obviously
fucking Brandi. No sooner had Richard dozed off than he was awakened by a nudge
on his shoulder, he opened his eyes to find Lydia standing over him.

"Wake up sleepy head, we're on our final descent, I want you awake even though
you and your whore won't deplane with the first group."

Lydia went into the other compartment, deliberately leaving the curtain wide
open. Brandi was lying on her stomach, hogtied and naked, her brown body taut as
a bow with her wrists and ankles drawn tightly together and secured in place, in
her mouth was a red ballgag. The older woman bent over Brandi's trussed form,
wiping the damp, matted hair from her face. The young blonde's blue-gray eyes
blazed intense hatred.

"My, I don't think Kaanga is very happy, didn't you take care of her properly
last night Louie?" "Maybe what she needs is a good piece of ass."

Louie laughed, "You think so, do you?", he asked Lydia while removing Brandi's
gag.

"Would you like me to untie you Kaanga and give you another fuck before I
deplane?"

"No sir, please no more, please?"

"Tell Ms. Cortlandt why not."

"You fucked my brains out last night sir, your too much man for me, I can only
handle a wimp like Richard."

Lydia smiled, glancing back at Richard, "I'll say one thing for you guys, you've
sure taught the bitch some manners."

Lydia was greeted off the plane pretty much like royalty, however foreman Ortega
did have to apologize for the absence of Senor Samuel who had been called away
on urgent business but was expected to return very shortly. Ortega himself
escorted Lydia up to her suite which was on the second floor of a two story
building. There were two such buildings on the grounds, standing side by side
but there must have been fifty or more small cottages spread throughout the
landscape similar to the ones that Jackson and Louie were given. Lydia's suite
was both expansive and luxurious, about ten rooms in all, she could see the
pride beaming on Ortega's face as he conducted the tour. The master bedroom was
impressive, furnished with two king size, four poster beds and all of the
bondage and torture equipment that anyone could ever imagine. Maybe even more
impressive was the "playroom", not only did it have the same multitude of
equipment but it was aligned with three "jail" type cells along the rear wall,
iron bars and all. 

Lydia was suffering from jet lag and requested that she be allowed some time
alone to rest, freshen up and to gather her thoughts. Before Ortega left he
presented Lydia with a huge binder containing written information and
photographs, Lydia was amused with the cover, it read, "Everything You Always
Wanted to Know About Cota de Casa and Were Afraid to Ask."

Lydia wondered how enormous the perimeter of the ranch must be, after all they
had just landed a jet plane, she reasoned that many government officials must be
on the take in order for the ranch to stay in business. Lydia wasn't even sure
what their business was, she knew that very wealthy people came in from all over
the world and paid large sums of money to satisfy their particular peccadillos,
but she had also heard stories and rumors of unwilling guests, of white slavery
and human flesh being sold, but where were they kept, surely not in the
cottages.

Lydia mixed herself a tall cool one from the wet bar, picked up the binder
Ortega had left and relaxed in a large over stuffed easy chair. Once she started
thumbing through the binder she became engrossed, her desire to exact revenge on
her husband's lover was rekindled, she knew now that she had made the right
decision, burying the blonde bimbo in the desert would not have been as sweet as
this.

Lydia read about the shows and exhibitions presented in the main auditorium
every Wednesday and Saturday night, one main attraction supported by several
side events. There were so many types of punishments and humiliations to
consider for Brandi and Richard that it boggled her mind as she read through all
of the options.

(Piercing and Ringing) of the nose, nipples, vagina lips, clitoris and penis.

Lydia pondered there a moment and thought to herself, doesn't sound half bad for
either of them.

(Shaving or Permanent Depilating of Hair) Scalp and/or pubic areas of both male
and female.

(Forced) fellatio ,sodomy, copulation, lesbianism/homosexuality.

(Whipping/Flogging/Bastinado) Choice of unlimited variations of whips, straps
and canes to be applied to body part/parts of choice.

(Golden Showers/Scat)

(Confinement) Small cages, caskets.

The list went on and on, Lydia skipped forward and continued reading.

"Owners" may personally administer punishments and perform procedures or
contract the ranch staff to perform the desired services, in which case "owner"
is welcome to participate.

At "owners" request, punishments may be administered as an "attraction" in front
of a live audience or in the privacy of a dungeon or suite.

An "owner" may at any time assign his or her charge or charges to one of the
establishments personal trainers who will be responsible for their tutoring and
training as well as any requested punishment on a twenty four hours a day
schedule, except of course when they are under their "owners" care and
supervision.

There is a wide variance of talented trainers available depending upon the
"owners" particular tastes or situation. i.e. "owner might want to assign a
white racist to a black trainer, an adulteress to a lesbian or a wayward husband
to a homosexual.

Lydia giggled, speaking out loud to herself.  "Did they know I was coming when
they wrote this manual?" Then she continued.

Trainers available consist of black amazons types, muscular black males,
homosexuals, lesbians, very young or very old males and females, caucasian males
and females, she males and dwarfs, among many others. Please feel free to make
requests and most likely we will be able accommodate you.

Lydia's train of thought was broken by a very light tapping on the door.

The handsome man standing at the door nearly took Lydia's breath away, the suave
looking, brown-skinned man gently lifted Lydia's hand, kissing it tenderly with
the feathery touch of his lips.

"I am Senor Samuel, it is my great honor to finally meet you Ms. Cortlandt,
please forgive me for my tardiness but unfortunately it could not be avoided."

Lydia took a moment to regain her composure.

"That's quite alright Senor Samuel, I understand that important matters must be
attended to at once, I too run a business of my own."

"And run it quite well, I understand."

Lydia smiled, acknowledging the compliment from the handsome man, feeling pretty
good about herself. He took Lydia by the arm.

"May I show you the playroom Ms. Cortlandt?"

When Samuel opened the door to the playroom, Lydia arched a startled eyebrow, 
occupying the cell on the left was Brandi while Richard occupied the cell on the
right, they being separated by the empty cell in between. Lydia turned to
Samuel.

"Your talents are quite diverse Senor Samuel, that of a magician not excluded."

The handsome man laughed out loud, flashing his perfectly aligned pearly whites.

"Not at all Ms. Cortlandt, this building as well as the grounds have a myriad of
tunnels, passage ways and catacombs, some of which I am anxious to show you."

Upon closer inspection, Lydia could see the faint outline of a panel on the rear
wall of each cell and the riddle was solved. Brandi had obviously been groomed,
her skin looked fresh scrubbed, her hair had been styled and her make-up
impeccably applied. The young blonde wore a brief, white breast halter made of
sheer, almost transparent silk with matching panties, the panties cut high and
tight leaving her sun-tanned hips bare, they narrowed in the front to just cover
the blonde fleece that crowned her sex, at the rear a narrow wisp of material
lined her crack, leaving the sleek solid ovals of her bottom-cheeks exposed.
They had fitted her with white pumps with four inch heels so that her backside,
thighs and calves were seductively exaggerated. Brandi's wrists were handcuffed
behind her back, a red ballgag wedged between her teeth.

"I hope that you approve Ms. Cortlandt, that is the customary attire for female
slaves at Cota de Casa unless of course the owner wishes otherwise."

What he said kind of took Lydia by surprise, slave?, owner?, she thought to
herself, I guess she is a slave and I am an owner.

"Do you approve Ms. Cortlandt?"

"Why yes of course Senor Samuel that will do nicely until I decide what do with
her."

"Since you have broached the subject Ms. Cortlandt I would like to say that in
any case Ms.Wylde would indeed be a rare commodity, but throw in the full growth
of golden curls  between her legs and she will be highly sought after on the
open market."

Brandi openly seethed as the two continued to discuss her like a piece of
chattel.

"I haven't really thought that far ahead Senor Samuel, why don't we just play it
by ear and see what comes up."

"As you wish Ms. Cortlandt, you know until this week we have never had any
slaves to rival the beauty of Ms. Wylde but it appears that the gods have smiled
on us, there seems to be a run on beautiful blondes, I would like to show them
to you if you are interested."

Lydia glanced at Richard, two cells down.

"Of course, I'm very interested but first let me tell you what I've decided for
Richard after reading your interesting manual."

Lydia whispered in Samuel's ear and he quickly made a call on his cell phone.

Now standing in front of Richard's cell, Lydia could see that he was bound and
gagged in the same fashion as Brandi, a black leather pouch with a zipper in
front supported his penis and testicles, it was held in place by two thin straps
around his waist and a third strap that ran under his legs and up through the
divide between his ass cheeks.

His wife chided him....."You look just adorable Richard, you really do."

Richard was startled by a sudden noise behind him, he turned to see the hidden
panel at the back of his cell open, a man with dyed orange hair and obviously
gay emerged.

Samuel made the formal introductions.

"Richard, I'd like you to meet Brucie your new personal trainer, Brucie this is
Richard, you are to introduce him to the gay life style in the art of making
love."

"Richard, your wife has contracted this fine young man to be your personal
trainer, you will be in his capable hands at all times, day or night, except of
course for those times that Ms. Cortlandt is using you for her own pleasure."

The slender homosexual collared and chained Richard and even before he had led
him out through the rear panel Brucie had his middle finger stuck up Richard's
asshole. Lydia yelled at him as they left.

"Think of your bitch Brandi when you have a cock stuck up your ass."

The older woman looked two cells down at a dejected Brandi.

"Let her stew awhile Senor Samuel, take me on a tour of your fine
establishment."

......................................................................

The two of them entered an elevator, Samuel pushed a button marked 3B and they
started on a downward descent. Lydia was amazed as they walked along the
pristine hallway that reminded her of a hospital.

"We are three floors beneath ground level Ms. Cortlandt, all three of the
subterranean floors are used to house slaves but the more important slaves are
held on this floor, should you place Ms. Wylde in our charge she would spend
much time at this level." "Some of the slaves are of course here against their
will, while others generate enjoyment and pleasure for themselves and their
masters through their willful punishment and captivity." "Ah, here we are at
last."

Samuel used two keys to open a heavy metal door, he reached in and switched on
the lights before they entered, the room was not large or lavishly furnished but
did have a comfortable leather couch that faced what looked like a very large
mirror.

"Please have a seat Ms. Cortlandt."

Once Lydia sat down, he joined her and then used a remote control box located in
front of the couch to turn off the lights, then pressing another button on the
box the large mirror became a giant size glass window so that they could view
the occupants of the adjoining room. Two young girls were in the room, both were
nude, the blonde was on the bed lying on her back, her wrists tied wide to the
bed posts, the dark haired girl was sitting on the bed next to her, they were
talking but there was no sound. Samuel explained this unusual tableau to a very
interested Lydia.

"The young blonde's name is Kathy Watkins,  fifteen years old, she was kidnapped
off a beach in Rio while vacationing with her mother, quite exquisite, is she
not?"

The older woman nodded. "Yes, yes she is."

"It so happens that the other girl is my thirteen year old daughter Maria.

Although only two years separated them in age, the difference in their physical
maturity was evident, the younger dark haired girl was skinny, her figure
lacking the well defined curves of the blonde, her chest flat and under
developed.

"Kathy has been in my daughters keep for a week now, Maria enjoying time
spent with someone so near her own age."   

Lydia could see that the young blonde's breasts were discolored and that the
smooth curved plain of her stomach was lined with several red, angry looking
streaks. "Yes", Lydia commented, "I can see that she is enjoying herself."

Samuel leaned forward and pressed a button on the remote control and they could
hear Maria's voice.

"So Kathy, you are one of those so called beach bunnies, I believe it is?"

The blonde was snivelling as she spoke. "I guess so Mistress Maria,
I....I....spend a lot of time at the beach, if that's what you mean?"

The conversation could have been between two normal teenagers except for the
word "mistress" and the fact that the skinny dark haired girl that would have
belonged to the group referred to as nerds was obviously in control of the
situation while the blonde cheerleader type was obviously intimidated.

"No, that's not what I mean, I mean that you go to the beach in your tiny
bikini, showing off your body so that you can excite all of the young boys and
even the older men."

"It's not like that Mistress Maria, it's just the........."

The skinny girl interrupted her. "If you are so interested in arousing the male
species then I don't understand why you are still a virgin, you did say you were
a virgin, didn't you?"

"Yes, yes I am, but you........."

Maria interrupted her again. "It doesn't seem fair to me that you entice men in
this fashion and then deny them satisfaction."

With that said the dark haired girl moved across the room and scanned over the
various items scattered atop a large table.

"I think you need to be taught a lesson not to play with people's emotions."

Kathy strained her neck, trying desperately to focus her eyes on Maria's
actions.

"What are you going to do to me?" "Haven't you punished me enough already?"

When Maria turned around she held a red ballgag and a strap-on dildoe in her
hands. Kathy made a slight show of defiance, struggling against her bonds but to
no avail. She struggled even more when Maria brought the ballgag towards her
face.

"Please, no.....nnnnnnngggggg"

The young girl quickly buckled the gag in place, then forced each of the Kathy's
legs up and back and fastened her ankles very close to her wrists using leather
straps that were already attached to the bed posts. The young blonde was
stretched and strained, her knees positioned on either side of her face.
Everything between her legs was on view, the lustrous yellow tuft, the tight
rubbery ring of her anus and the purplish-yellow welts that crisscrossed her
divine twin spheres. Samuel glanced at Lydia who looked to be throughly
entranced by the fascinating scenario so he decided to remain silent, not
wanting to break the spell. The thin, dark haired girl spoke to her captive
while she strapped herself into the black leather harness.

"I'm going to deflower you Kathy, I'm going to take your virginity."

"Nnnnnnnnnngggggg." "Nnnnnnngggggg."

"Hush up Kathy, this should have been done a long time ago."

Maria stood beside the bed, the large, rubbery, life-like phallus, equipped with
two large testicles swinging to a fro between her legs.

"If I had my way, I'd shave your pussy first but it seems that your little puff
of blonde hair has peaked one of our clients interest, as it is, your loss of
virginity will lower your value a great deal."

The skinny, flat chested girl was on her knees, the crown of her menacing rubber
cock between Kathy's dainty love-lips, Kathy drew a deep breath through her
flaring nostrils as she anticipated Maria's entry.

"This is for all of the young boys that have gone home and masturbated after
your shameless exhibitions at the beach."

Slowly, Maria advanced her marauding weapon until she felt the soft touch of
mucous membrane guarding Kathy's sacred opening. The dark haired girl paused and
stared down at her victim, her cheeks red with indignation, then there was fear
in her tear filled eyes as she felt the sudden sharp pressure, her sensitive
feminine folds felt as if they were being invaded by a red-hot poker. Maria
didn't bother to test it's resistance but poked through her hymen with a loud
pop, Kathy screamed out through the shocking pain, she had indeed just lost her
virginity to a thirteen year old girl. The cruel violation continued, Maria
began fucking strongly and swiftly in and out of Kathy's hemorrhaging
love-sheath while her entire body contorted in violent agony. Maria grabbed hold
of the hollow rubber testicles and with her next downward thrust squeezed a warm
sticky substance into the young blonde's unprotected vagina.

"That is spunk from Ferdinand, the ranch's prize bull."

Maria completely submerged each subsequent downward thrust and with each one
spurted a dose of Ferdinand's seed into the young blonde's belly until the
testicles had been depleted of their substance, Kathy groaned pitifully into her
gag as Maria withdrew, the pink folds of her splayed-apart labia clinging
tightly to the enormous girth of the rubber phallus feeling as if being turned
inside out. Maria spoke to the sobbing teenager as she removed the apparatus
from her body, the dildoe coated with a reddish-white cream.

"You were just fucked by a bull Kathy, next time I may use the sperm of a dwarf
and maybe I can get you pregnant, would you like to be a mommy?"

Samuel fidgeted with the remote control and the glass window became a mirror
once again.

"That was quite a demonstration Senor Samuel, your young daughter is certainly
one to be reckoned with, I would not want to exchange places with that haughty
little blonde."

"Thank you Ms. Cortlandt, there is one other thing that I would like to show you
before we return to your suite."

Within a matter of minutes they were in the very next room, sitting on a similar
couch watching an attractive blonde lady sucking a man's cock. They were both
naked, the man lying on the bed, the woman kneeling between his outstretched
legs. Samuel could see the quizzical expression on Lydia's face.

"That's correct, the lady giving head is Kathy's mother, the resemblance is
striking but yet they are so different. Isn't she exquisite at thirty two years
old?" "She bore Kathy when she was just seventeen."

Lydia agreed.

"Indeed, they could easily pass for sisters."

"The fellow enjoying himself so throughly is Lorenzo, he is the resident
lothario, all of the females love him, staff and slaves alike." "As you can see,
Ms. Watkins is untethered and under no duress and is yet doing a marvelous job
of cock sucking if I may be so vulgar."

The older lady laughed.

"I must say that she is attacking his manhood like a lady in need.

"It seems that Ms. Watkins has pretty much stayed clear of men, except for a few
occasional dates since her unpleasant affair as a sixteen year old, her
boyfriend got her pregnant and then vanished." "She was reluctant with Lorenzo
at first but he actually seduced her, she just about climbed the wall when she
had her first orgasm with him, might have been the first one she has ever had."
"Anyway, Lorenzo has been gentle and nurturing with her and has brought her to
orgasm two or three times a day for the entire week and she is in heaven but
beleive it or not he has not yet penetrated her with his organ, each orgasm has
been brought to fruition by finger manipulation. The poor frustrated woman is in
love and yearning to feel her lover's manhood inside of her but she has been
denied and I am afraid she will never experience that pleasure."

Lydia was somewhat puzzled by Samuel's last remark but decided to let it
by-pass. They could see Lorenzo's loins start to move and stir and then the
pulsating action of Cheryl's throat as she eagerly sucked her lover dry, careful
not to lose a drop of the pearly essence. Lorenzo hugged her passionately, then
gave her a long, lingering kiss on the side of her neck and left. When a dark
haired hispanic looking woman approached Cheryl, Samuel smiled and quickly
turned on the sound.

"Unbeknownst to Cheryl Ms. Cortlandt, this woman is Tina, Lorenzo's loving
wife."

"You are a devious group here Senor Samuel, I must watch my step."

Cheryl's face was sad and forlorn, already longing for her new found love, she
turned when she heard Tina's voice, knowing that she had come to fetch her as
usual.

"Your pretty much smitten with Lorenzo, I see."

"Oh yes, he's wonderful, I've never felt so alive."

The beautiful blonde stood passively while Tina handcuffed her wrists behind her
back, then she leaned in close to Cheryl's ear.

"I probably shouldn't be telling you this but the rumor has it that Lorenzo is
going to make love to a certain blonde as part of the Wednesday night program.
if you get my drift?"

Cheryl practically swooned with anticipation at hearing the news and then
thought about it for a moment.

"My god, in front of an audience, oh what the hell?, I guess I won't mind, it
will be worth it, once he makes love to me there then we will be free to make
love in private whenever we want, that's why Lorenzo has been waiting, he's been
saving the first time for the show."

The girl gave her a big smile. "That's right, for the show, now open your mouth
wide, pretend you are sucking Lorenzo's wonderful cock."

Cheryl opened wide and the hispanic girl fitted her with a ballgag harness that
strapped around and over her head and under her chin and then the beautiful
duped blonde was led away, naked, manacled and gagged by Lorenzo's adoring wife.
Wednesday night couldn't come soon enough for Cheryl, it had been two long days
since she had enjoyed Lorenzo's company, she could feel the wanting arousal
stirring in her loins as she sat in the waiting room just outside the main hub
of the auditorium, as usual she was naked, wrists cuffed behind her back and her
constant attendant, Tina at her side. It was intermission between the last
preliminary show and the main attraction which was to be Lorenzo and herself.
She looked up at Tina.

"Do I look alright Tina, will Lorenzo be pleased with me?"

The hispanic girl smiled, "You look beautiful Cheryl, Lorenzo will enjoy your
performance."

The inside of the large auditorium was pretty much structured in the style of
the Roman coliseum, the performance area, flat and sunken, the spectator's seats
in the shape of a rotunda and escalating from near floor level to seats located
several rows up. Tonight the seats were filled to near capacity, with of course
the guest of honor Ms. Lydia Cortlandt seated in the front row, sitting to her
right was her gracious host, Senor Samuel, on her left was Jackson, Louie and
Brucie in that order. Brandi was kneeling in front of Lydia, wearing the ranch's
traditional set of white bra, panties and pumps, her mouth rudely accommodating
an extra large red ballgag, her wrists were strapped behind her back and around
her neck was a wide black leather collar that forced her chin up and her head
back, in Lydia's hand was a leash that attached to Brandi's collar. The young
blonde's beauty and perhaps her notoriety as well had caused a stirring and some
commotion among the interested spectators, Lydia proudly holding Brandi's leash
in her hand as if showing off the statuesque young blonde as her trophy. Richard
was similarly presented in front of Brucie's seat, wearing only the black
leather pouch that contained his penis and testicles.

An attractive light-skinned negress approached their party wearing an expensive
looking all black leather outfit, including knee high, high heel boots.

"Good evening Senor Samuel, great show, I've been waiting for intermission so
that I could  stop by and say hello."

Samuel took her hand and kissed it with the same style and grace that he had
done with Lydia's when they first met, Lydia felt a twinge of jealousy ripple
through her body.

"Always nice to see you Mistress Marika, I was expecting you, news of what you
are looking for preceded your arrival."

The black woman laughed out loud. "I have learned never to under estimate your
resources Senor Samuel."

Now it was Samuel's turn to laugh. "Mistress Marika, I would like you to meet
Ms. Lydia Cortlandt my esteem guest and her associates."

The negress made a slight bow with her head. "It is my honor to meet you Ms.
Cortlandt, I have been envious of you all evening."

Lydia became a little flustered. "Errr....envious of me?"

"Why yes Ms. Cortlandt that you should have such a lovely pet on the end of your
leash."

The older woman's shoulders straightened up and her chest puffed out a little.
"Thank you Mistress Marika, it's just a little trinket I brought along."

Brandi fumed, her face a rosy tint with indignation.

"May I conduct a closer examination of your  umm...trinket Ms. Cortlandt?"

Lydia looked towards Samuel for advice, he nodded ever so discretely before
Lydia responded with her reply.

"Yes, of course you may."

The negress held out her hand, Lydia at first not realizing her purpose, then
she handed her the leash. Mistress Marika took hold of the leash near to where
it was attached to Brandi's collar, leaving no slack, she quickly had the
gasping and choking blonde hauled to her feet, her marvelous buttocks and the
backs of her legs exaggerated to perfection by the high heels she wore.

Marika used one hand to pull Brandi's panties down over her hips until they were
held fast between her thighs, spectators now gathering around the attractive
blonde's public debasement.

"Aha Ms. Cortlandt, just what I was hoping for, the golden curls of her triangle
are indeed impressive."

The negress lowered her hand holding the leash so that Brandi was forced to bend
at the waist, she then bent forward herself, first feeling the blonde's muscle
hard buttocks, then running her hand down the length of her sleek, finely toned
calves before finally letting her raise up. Marika scuffled Brandi's panties
back into place, then jerked down her flimsy make-shift bra baring the young
blonde's breasts to the delight of the whispering crowd. The negress lifted each
teat as if testing their weight and resiliency, then partially re-covered them
with the remnants of her torn bra, before finally returning a scarlet faced
Brandi to a kneeling position and handing the leash back to Lydia. Samuel stood
up, speaking to the crowd of onlookers.

"I hope that you all enjoyed the impromptu entertainment provided by Ms.
Cortlandt, Mistress Marika and of course the charming slave Brandi."

The crowd showed it's appreciation with a loud round of applause.

"Now please return to your seats if you will as the main attraction will start
very shortly."

His words cut Brandi like a scalpel, it was the first time she had been referred
to as a slave. Meanwhile Marika was speaking to Lydia, discussing Brandi as if
she wasn't even there.

"Thank you so much Ms. Cortlandt for your thoughtful consideration." "Ms. Wylde
is exactly what I am looking for, in this particular situation the shade of her
bush was a prerequisite, but that aside she has all of the qualities to make an
outstanding ponygirl."

Lydia looked at Samuel, a puzzled look on her face. He winked. "I will explain
it to you later Ms. Cortlandt."

Marika continued speaking in earnest. "Slave Brandi's long slender legs should
provide her with speed while the muscles in her hind quarters indicate endurance
and staying power, her breasts, while quite delightful are not overly large and
should not affect her balance or cause her to labour."

While Lydia was trying her best to digest all of what Marika was saying the
emcee announced over a microphone that the main event was about to begin.

Marika quickly shook hands with Lydia. "It was really great meeting you.....and
your trinket, we must get together real soon and discuss one or two important
matters."

The older woman nodded her agreement. "Absolutely, I'll look forward to it."

Marika kissed Samuel on the side of the mouth and walked away. "Ciao darling."

Two uniformed attendants had rolled a regular size bed with wheels attached to
the bottom of the legs into Cheryl's waiting room. The nervous blonde was
hesitant but allowed a smooth talking Tina to tie her spreadeagled to the bed.

"You don't need to tie me down, I'm perfectly willing to spread my legs for
Lorenzo."

"He knows that honey but the people in the audience came to see a little B and D
thrown into the mix, it's just for the benefit of the spectators, that's what we
do here."

Tina slipped a leather bolster under the blonde's ass. "There, that will make
your cunt more easily accessible for Lorenzo."

The hispanic girl approached Cheryl carrying a long black penis gag that had a
rubber tube extending out the front and which was attached to a round rubber
bulb at the other end. Cheryl balked when Tina attempted to strap it on her.

"I don't want that thing on me, what if Lorenzo want's me to suck him?"

Tina forced the vile looking gag on the struggling blonde.

"Nnnnnnngggggggg." "Nnnnnnnnnnggggg."

Tina looked down at the distraught beauty.

"You know something Cheryl?, your a real fucking whore that has come out of the
closet."

The two attendants rolled the bed containing the prostrated blonde through an
archway leading into the auditorium, Tina walking casually to the side. At the
same instance, two attendants rolled a bed out of the opposite archway, Samuel's
young daughter, Maria walking by it's side. The heat generated by the giant
overhead lights illuminating the bottom level of the rotunda quickly warmed
Cheryl's chilled naked flesh. She could hear the murmurs and rustling of the
audience but they sat in pitch black darkness. The emcee spoke to the crowd over
a microphone while the four attendants moved the two beds first one way and then
the other so that the spectators could clearly view the naked occupants from all
angles.

When the two beds passed close to one another, Cheryl could see that it was
Kathy strapped spreadeagled to the other bed, she was also gagged but with the
more conventional ballgag. The beds were finally placed in a side be side
position, the attendants quickly closing clamps attached to the wheels to render
them stationary, Cheryl started to sense that the up coming scenario might not
be as she was led to believe by the conniving hispanic girl, her head was
spinning out of control, the emcee's voice loud and blaring in her ears.

"Ladies, gentlemen and slaves we have a rare and unique couple in our presence
this evening, not only are they mother and daughter but......"

A sudden loud murmurous sound erupted from the surprised audience, the emcee
giving them adequate time to settle down before continuing.

"As I was saying, not only are they mother and daughter but as you can see,
their well presented vulvae are each embellished with an incredible abundance of
golden curls which is indeed a rarity." "The other two participants in tonight's
show, I am proud to announce are the Cota de Casa's very own Lorenzo and
`Julio."

They were greeted with a warm round of applause as they entered from the
archway, Lorenzo the lothario and Julio the dwarf, each one wearing only a loin
cloth tied around his mid-section, they turned in all directions, raising their
arms and waving to the energetic crowd. 

The emcee used his hands to quiet them down.
"Tonight's show is to be a contest to see which one of our gentlemen contestants
can ejaculate the quickest, of course into the love pocket of one of our blonde
beauties, our host Senor Samuel has agreed to put up one thousand dollars,
payable to the winner."  "I've just been informed that Mr. Lorenzo has won the
coin toss and has chosen Kathy the daughter as his partner."

The rigged contest was on, Tina's ruse to humiliate Cheryl was in motion. Cheryl
twisted and turned in her bonds, mumbling incoherently into the penis gag. Tina
placed her hand on Cheryl's quivering stomach.

"Calm yourself gringo, you didn't really think that you were going to settle
down in some little love-nest with my husband, now did you?"

Cheryl snorted her displeasure but nevertheless the proceedings continued, the
emcee counted one, two, three go and each contestant ripped off their loin
cloths, throwing them recklessly aside and then each one took an entirely
different approach from the other. Lorenzo took his time, obviously with no
intention of winning the bogus contest but rather to seduce the young girl
despite the circumstances of her captivity, he began plying soft, tender,
passionate kisses on her neck, breasts and supple young body. Julio, with his
small frame jumped up on the bed, his penis already at full erection was much
larger than one would suspect but smaller than Lorenzos' and not as nearly as
appealing to the oposite sex with the end crooked and gnarly. The beautiful
blonde fought against her bonds, her flexed muscles ridging the tanned flesh of
her arms and legs as Julio positioned himself between the wide vee of her legs
and in front of her raised vagina. Cheryl threw her head back in incensed
outrage when the dwarf inavded her genital canal, then Tina waiting for that
precise moment squeezed the rubber bulb attached to Cheryl's gag and the rancid
bull semen gushed into her shocked and unprotected throat.

"Gulp."...swallow.   "Gulp"....swallow.    "Gulp."....swallow.

Tina leaned down close to the glutting girl's ear. "Your daughter has carried
Ferdinand's seed in her womb, now you can taste his fruits and carry it in your
belly."

The hispanic girl squeezed the bulb again.

"Gulp."....swallow.   "Gulp"....swallow    "Gulp."....swallow.

While Julio continued to ram violently in and out of the tight narrow channel
between Cheryl's legs, the vile liquid burned and scorched the tender lining of
her throat as it oozed like lava flow into the pit of her convulsing stomach.
The diminutive man's motion became spasmodic, then he groaned and made several
downward sharp thrusts, the beautiful blonde suffering the anguish of each one,
knowing full well that it was planting his unwanted seed into the cavity of her
womanhood. Julio leaped from the bed and jumped up and down.

"I won, I won."

The audience loved him, they gave him a standing ovation as he took his bows,
being showman that he was. Tina whispered to two of the attendants.

"Take her to room my room on 3B."

Cheryl heard her daughter's moans of passion even before looking over to see
Lorenzo working his magic, his magnificent manhood gently moving in and out, the
young girl's churning vulva meeting his every move with one of her own. Cheryl
sobbed aloud as they wheeled her out of the auditorium.
.........................................................................
An hour later Cheryl was lying naked and dishevelled on a couch in front of a
large mirror similar to the one that Samuel and Lydia had used to witness
Kathy's deflowering by Maria just two days earlier.Tina stood over her, gloating
satisfaction, the hispanic had tied the distraught blonde's wrists behind her
back with thin cord, crossed her ankles and then tied them with cord. Cheryl
fought to hold back the tears, her throat still burning from Ferdinand's
acid-like cream.

"Get over it gringo, I told you that Lorenzo was going to make love to a certain
blonde and I wasn't lying to you, now was I?"

The blonde's eyes blazed hatred at the girl who had made a fool out of her. "You
bitch", Cheryl spat at her, "Lorenzo wanted me, I know he did, this was all your
doing because you were jealous of me."

Tina pressed a button on the remote control box laying on the low table located
just in front of the couch and as with Samuel and Lydia the mirror became a
glass showcase for the adjoining room. Lorenzo and Kathy were both naked, he
sitting in a comfortable stuffed chair, his legs splayed wide while the young
blonde kneeled in front of him eagerly and wantonly sucking his distended cock
like a lollipop. Cheryl remained silent but turned her head in obvious deep
depression.

"Whose jealous now?, gringo."

Tina untied the blonde's ankles and horsed her around until her legs were spread
and her slightly parted vagina lips lewdly exposed. Cheryl screamed, her voice
agitated.

"What the hell are you doing?, get away from me."

The dark skinned girl motioned towards a large hypodermic syringe laying on the
table. "Would you rather I sedate you?, I would like nothing better than to
stick that sharp needle into your white ass."

Cheryl didn't answer but Tina could see from the expression on her face that she
was pretty much resigned to accept whatever fate had in store for her.

Tina left for a few moments and then returned carrying a small bowl and a towel,
both of which she sat on the table, Cheryl had not strayed from the position in
which she had been left. The hispanic girl picked up a small wash cloth from the
liquid contained in the bowl, wrung out the excess moisture and pressed it
gently against the wrinkled lips of the blonde's vagina, Cheryl's pelvis
flinched in alarm at the first touch but found the feel of the soft material to
be warm and soothing, she flinched again, only less so when the moist material
passed her portal and brushed lightly against the inner folds of her feminine
flesh, but discovered the sensation to be both pleasurable and exciting.

Tina whispered to her while using delicate placate strokes with the moist warm
cloth to thoroughly cleanse Cheryl's recently used sheath. "Don't worry honey, I
will have all of dirty little Julio's scent removed before I am done with you."

Shortly thereafter Tina used the towel to pat dry the dampened blonde curls,
then parted the lips and pressed the towel against the outer regions of Cheryl's
narrow channel. Tina then used her fingers to pull apart the pouty lips as if
peeling a fig, the dark skinned girl could see Cheryl's pea-size organ, the
titillating wash cloth having provided the erotic stimulus of foreplay causing
it to pop free from it's protective covering, Tina pressed her lips to the
alluring appendage.

"No please don't", Cheryl grunted in a low whisper.

Tina flicked the tip of her stiffened tongue over the exposed bud several times,
the blonde's belly quaking involuntarily.

"Oh god!, please yes, don't stop."

Tina totally enveloped and kissed Cheryl's narrow slit with the full openness of
her mouth and lips, her darting tongue exploring the rapidly lubricating creases
of inner flesh. Then Tina's tongue became relentless, teasing and massaging
Cheryl's clit until it was throbbing and pulsing, lingering desperately on the
sweet promise of sexual release. The blonde's moans of pleasure were constant
now, her breathing fast and shallow. Tina challenged her.

"Come on baby, talk dirty to me, tell me what a whore you are."

The euphoric blonde screamed. "Yes!, I'm a fucking whore, I'm your little whore,
fuck my brains out with your wonderful tongue."

Cheryl's breathing became more rapid, her cunt voracious, as it sought to impale
it's self on Tina's ever probing tongue.

Cheryl was rutting in sexual arousal, her eminent explosion close at hand, Tina
quickly slipped her middle finger into Cheryl's anus. The blonde yelled, swept
up in a sexual frenzy.

"Yes, that's it, ravage my body, abuse your fucking whore."

The muscles of Cheryl's belly contracted, she screamed out loud and her fevered
cunt began a series of quick, short, involuntary spasms, each one spewing her
pent up juices until her pink flesh was glistening and saturated.

Tina left her sucking for air, her body dripping with perspiration and walked
casually to the door, making two light taps with her knuckles, two uniformed,
male attendants quickly entered.

"Take this slut to her cell and keep her hands tied so she can't diddle herself,
she's like a bitch in heat."

Cheryl was still panting heavily from her sexual exertion when they lifted her
to her feet, she pleaded with Tina.

"Please Tina, let me stay with you, I can do you now, I can be your plaything,
I'll do anything you want just don't let them take me, I know something bad is
going to happen to me."

Cheryl glanced through the glass at the silent tableau taking place on the other
side and her nightmare all came back to mind, Kathy was on her back, her ankles
resting on Lorenzo's shoulders while he drilled her sweet young pussy with his
fabled cock. One of the men collared and leashed the visibly shaking blonde,
Cheryl was still begging as she was led away naked at the end of a chain. Lydia
and Samuel were sitting in her suite enjoying drinks while the Saturday night
preliminary events were being presented, the main attraction scheduled less than
an hour away.

"I wanted to let you know Senor Samuel that I have discussed slave Brandi's not
so bright future with Mistress Marika and have made the decision to offer her
for sale to Prince Majib, the ruler of her nation." "The sale will be subject to
two contingencies, one of course is that we be allowed to present her as the
main attraction in tonight's show, and I can't wait to see what you have planned
for her and the other contingency is that she passes the approval of Prince
Majib who is flying in tomorrow. "Oh and of course, you are to receive your
customary commission should the sale be consummated."

"Ms. Cortlandt you are much too kind indeed, however you needn't worry, slave
Brandi is abundantly beautiful and exactly what the prince is looking for, I am
sure that he will be more than pleased with the merchandise and the sale will be
finalized as will the sale of the lovely mother and daughter team." "Looks to me
like the prince will soon be up to his eyeballs with flaxen haired beauties,
which of course is a rather pleasant thought all on it's own."

Samuel paused for a moment. "Speaking of blondes, it seems that the elder Ms.
Watkins has lost some of her sophistication and turned into a rather randy
little tart."

Lydia laughed. "I have a difficult time picturing that in my mind."

The dark skinned man glanced at his wristwatch. "It's time that we headed for
the auditorium Ms. Cortlandt, I do hope that you are pleased with the program we
have planned for the charming slave Brandi."

"I have complete trust in your judgement Senor Samuel."

..........................................................................
Lydia and her entourage were seated as they had been on Wednesday night except
of course that Brandi was missing. The emcee called for quiet over the speaker
system and the audience hushed as the over head lights shut down leaving them in
darkness with only the projector lights now illuminating the expansive sunken
floor level.

"Ladies, gentlemen and slaves, for those of you that were lucky enough to be in
attendance for the Wednesday night show, I am sure that you did not enjoy this
evening's intermission nearly as much."

There were sprinkles of laughter throughout the crowd.

"I do however have some good news, the exquisite young lady who was so expertly
put through her paces by Mistress Marika on Wednesday is back with us tonight
for an encore appearance as our star attraction." "Now without further ado, for
your viewing pleasure I present the luscious Ms. Brandi Wylde."

The projector lights were turned off except for one whose beam was illuminating
the archway entrance where Brandi was dragged in, held firmly at the arms by two
muscular female attendants, she was struggling and naked except for the white
high heel pumps and white ballgag, Samuel turned to Lydia.

"We could have tied her down, rendering her immobile but this has a much better
effect for the audience, you know, beautiful naked blonde struggling and all."

The single projector light followed Brandi around, her gyrating breasts putting
on a show of their own as she was dragged and paraded in her nakedness before
the appreciative, applauding audience. The emcee proudly announced her laurels
to the crowd.

"Ms.Wylde is a former Miss Hawaiian Tropics but you may know her best as Kaanga,
Queen of the Jungle or from her exercise video, Buns of Steel." "It is the
latter that we will concentrate on this evening, as you can already surmise Ms.
Wylde has a most splendid derriere, of which very shortly you will become much
more familiar, and before the evening is over we will have tested it's
resiliency to see if they really are buns of steel."

The projector lights illuminating the show area were turned back on and four men
carried in an unusual looking apparatus made of leather and steel, it's
rectangular shaped, metal foundation made heavy in order to keep it securely
anchored when in use. The main body of the equipment is supported only by a
single, two inch diameter metal pole which protrudes up from the base by about
one foot. Two of the men forcibly placed Brandi on her knees on a leather padded
leaf that extended out horizontally from the support pole, it was just about as
wide as her two legs placed together were and only long enough that her feet and
white pumps hung over the end. They strapped her legs to the leaf just above the
ankles, they then brought her body forward placing her stomach flat against a
one inch thick padded leather board that raised up vertically from the support
pole, they then forced her upper torso forward and down until the top of her
head rested on a leather pad extending horizontally from the support pole and
located slightly lower than her legs, placing her in an awkward and extremely
vulnerable position. Two long thin metal rods extended horizontally from the
sides of the device, they stretched Brandi's arms out away from her sides and
placed them on the poles with her palms up and strapped them to the poles at the
wrists and elbows, leaving Brandi in a very unlady like pose, her head bent down
low to the extreme and her bare ass forced straight up in the air by the board
placed beneath her stomach, while being strapped at the arms and legs.

"I promised you, the emcee went on, that you would become more familiar with Ms.
Wylde's fine derriere and well there it is ladies and gents, presented to you as
probably never  seen before, in all it's upturned splendor." "Now I would like
to introduce the other half of our main event, Mistress Marika."

Marika entered the rotunda gracefully, much as would a proud matador, except in
place of a sword she was carrying a long, very thin, flexible metal rod with a
short leather covered handle, she was clad in her trademark all black ensemble,
including knee high, high heel boots. As the audience clapped and cheered she
stood in front of Brandi's upside down head, forcing a smile for the crowd while
speaking under her breath to the bent over and shackled blonde.

"By this time tomorrow evening we will own your entire body but for now your
miserable white ass is all mine."

The cocoa toned negress moved behind Brandi, she tested the blonde's hind
quarters with her hands, her voice now amplified over the speaker system.

"The skin is stretched taut, as it should be for a proper whipping."

Marika tweaked the wispy tendrils of blonde curls sprouting from between the
backs of Brandi's tightly clinched thighs, the immobile blonde only able to
utter garbled sounds of protest into her ballgag. The black girl requested one
of the men to remove Brandi's gag.

"I want her to hear her own screams of anguish, her own pleas for mercy, which
indeed she soon will." "Now we'll find out if those famous buns we've all heard
so much about are truly made of steel."

Swisssh! Thwick!

The pain was more intense than Brandi had ever imagined. "EEEEEAAAAAHHHH."

Marika's aim was accurate, a pink stripe appearing across the top of Brandi's
twin globes.

Swisssh! Thwick!  "EEEEEAAAHHHHH."

The negress was proving to be an expert, the next pink stripe appearing a scant
half inch below the first.

Swissssh! Thwick!  "EEEAAARRRRGG, MERCY! PLEASE NO MORE!"

The third pink stripe across Brandi's cheeks was precisely another quarter inch
lower, the knowledgable audience clapping in support of the black girls obvious
talents with the whip. Marika stepped to the front of the whimpering blonde.

"How do your buns feel now slave Brandi?, do they feel like buns of steel?"

Brandi's voice was filled with pain. "Mercy, please, I can't take any more."

"I asked you a specific question slave Brandi."

Once again, Marika took up her position behind Brandi.

Swisssh! Thwick!

"EEEEEEAAAAAHHHH." "Please no more, my buns are not made of steel, their not,
their not, their not", she cried out over and over again.

"I guess we have that question answered, now don't we ladies and gentleman?",
Marika quipped at the amused audience.

Then eight more agonizing times the whip was laid across Brandi's upturned
buttocks, the wide yawning of her bottom cheeks and a frenzied scream, each more
hoarse than the one before accompanied each blow. A dozen evenly spaced, quickly
reddening welts now tattooed the weeping blonde from the top of her ass down to
the tender over hang where it comes together with the backs of her thighs.
Marika invited Lydia out the audience and to join her on the floor, Brandi was
crying uncontrollably as she was confronted by the two women, it was Marika who
was speaking.

"It is up to you slave Brandi as to how many more strokes you receive tonight."

"Oh my god, I can't take any more more, please have mercy on me." Having to
speak to the women with her face upside down and her bare ass exposed only added
to the young blonde's humiliation.

"It really depends on how well you apologize to Ms. Cortlandt, so you give her
your very best apology and I will decide on how many more strokes you deserve,
now I wouldn't hold anything back if I were you."

Brandi was snivelling, the mucus draining down her throat due to her unnatural
position making it difficult for her to speak, she swallowed the slippery
secretions and cleared her throat before attempting her forced apology.

"I'm terribly sorry Ms. Cortlandt for what I did, please forgive me."

"Aaaand.", Marika threw in.

Again Brandi's throat worked hard, gulping the quickly coagulating mucus.
"I...I'm an adulteress Ms. Cortlandt, a who...a whore and an adulteress, I
should never have slept with your husband, please forgive me for being so
inconsiderate."

Marika smiled. "That's much better but you needed to be prodded along, I deem
that you receive three more strokes, delivered by the hand of Ms. Cortlandt."

The young blonde lost it, sobbing out her pleas for mercy. "Forgive me Ms.
Cortlandt, I'm a whore, but I repent, I really do, please don....."

Swisssh! Thwick! A deafening, frenzied shriek tore from Brandi's clogged throat,
the thin metal rod cutting sharply into the flesh of her right buttocks,
lacerating and flaying the skin where it crisscrossed with three previously
raised welts.

Lydia's second stroke slashed Brandi's left globe, the third rapidly firing
stroke seared both her hemispheres, the blonde's final maddening scream was
edged with a hint of resigned submission, blood trickling freely down her hind
quarters from the points where the angry red stripes intersected one another.
Marika had two of the men release Brandi from the apparatus and place her on the
floor in front of Lydia and herself, both of whom were seated in chairs. The
negress exercised her acclaimed authority over the crest fallen beauty.

"I know your tired slave Brandi and that your famous buns of steel are on fire
but I want you on your knees, sitting back on your butt, with your back straight
and your shoulders square."

The blonde groaned, her muscles stiff and plagued with pain but she managed to
assume the required position.

"That's a good girl slave Brandi, from this moment on and for the rest of your
miserable life you will address me as Mistress Marika and this fine lady sitting
next to me as Mistress Lydia and should you refuse to obey any command, even
hesitate for just one second, you will be whipped even more severely than you
were tonight, do you understand me?"

The broken young blonde spoke in a whisper. "Yes Mistress Marika."

"Speak up slave Brandi, we can't hear you."

"I said yes Mistress Marika, I do understand."

"Now slave Brandi, put your hands on top of your head.

Brandi reluctantly placed her hands on top of her head, an involuntary sob of
shame escaping her skewed, woebegone mouth, causing her titties to bounce and
jiggle across the plain of her chest. When Marika was satisfied that Brandi had
complied with her command to the letter, she issued another command.

"Slave Brandi, I want you to kiss Ms. Cortlandt's shoe, I want you to use both
your mouth and your tongue and to do it in a loving and devotional manner, and
do keep your hands on top of you head while performing."

The older lady was a little taken back but almost impulsively moved her right
foot forward, offering the black patent leather pump to the quivering young
blonde. Brandi inhaled a deep breath as if trying to maintain some semblance of
composure or trying to supply her fast numbing brain with oxygen. Awkwardly and
off balance, her hands obediently placed on top of her head, Brandi slowly
lowered her upper torso until her parted lips made contact with the smooth,
glossy surface of Ms. Cortlandt's pump, the humbled blonde emitting a low,
whinny moan of displeasure as she went about her degrading task.
........................................................................
The group was made up of Senor Samuel, Lydia Cortlandt, Prince Majib, Mistress
Marika, Samuel's daughter Maria and Lorenzo's wife Tina, They were seated, after
having been ushered into what resembled a Hollywood private screening room where
movie executives, directors and producers might get together in order to watch
the pre-screening of an about to be released movie. It was relatively dark in
the room and the stage- like platform in front of them was closed off by what
appeared to be a very sheer but not transparent curtain or screen. Suddenly
lights were turned on behind the curtain and to the rear of the stage and the
shadowy silhouettes of three shapely female forms were projected onto the
surface of the white screen. The screen made a slight screeching noise as it
opened from right to left, stopping only when young Kathy was revealed, a light
was turned on, shinning down from directly above her, it's wide beam encasing
her naked form. Samuel smiled when he heard the gasp of delight escape Prince
Majib's lips. Kathy was standing but she wasn't going anywhere, her vagina was
impaled by a gold colored metal rod, two inches in diameter, protruding up from
the floor and between her thighs. Her arms were wrenched up to her shoulder
blades and tied with gold twine that also wrapped around her chest, neatly
encircling her already jutting titties, she wore a pair of gold high heel pumps
and a gold ballgag was forced deep into her mouth.

Samuel pointed out the significants of the gold accessories to the prince.

"The gold trimmings Prince Majib are symbolic to the young girl's yellow tresses
as well as the soft down that adorns her sweet pussy lips, I hope that it
pleases you."

"It pleases me very much, the affect is stunning, they shall be known as my
Golden Ponies."

Marika spoke up. "I will immediately order custom made pony gear, following
along this same theme of course."

The prince grinned. "Whatever would I do without Mistress Marika?"

The light covering the young girl's nude form was switched off and the screen
began to move slowly until Brandi appeared. her naked glory shrouded by a wide
beam of light projecting from directly above her. Brandi was presented in the
same fashion as Kathy, the golden rod spearing her womanhood holding her
steadfast.

Prince Majib spoke to Marika. "She is every bit as beautiful as you described,
maybe more so."

Again the stage went dark, the screen opened wider and now Cheryl's nudity, as
the other two's had been was showcased by a bright beam of light, a mass of
curly, crinkly blonde hair surrounding the round metal phallus where it
disappeared into the apex between her thighs. 

As if speaking to himself, the prince muttered. "Simply amazing that she has
born a sixteen year old daughter."

All of the lights were now turned on and the group, in particularly the prince
were on stage for a closer inspection of the three impaled blondes, his
attention at the moment on Kathy.

"I can reasonably assume by the young lady's present predicament that she is no
longer a virgin."

A sheepish grin quickly crossed Maria's face which didn't go unnoticed by the
prince.

"Don't worry child, I know that you were the one who took her maidenhood, can't
say that I blame you, she is quite a tasty looking morsel."

Tina chimed in. "My husband has experienced each of her orifices several times
since then, believe me she is a long way from being a virgin or a novice in the
art of love making."

Prince Majib payed no heed to Brandi as he strode majestically past her to where
Cheryl stood shamefully pinioned by the metal phallus thrust deep inside her.

"Speaking of your husband Tina, isn't this the dear lady that was so smitten
with your husband's charms?"

"Indeed it is Prince Majib but as it turns out she is nothing more than a wanton
whore, willing to rut with anyone to achieve self gratification, my little
friend Julio took care of her very nicely as did I, in fact she offered to stay
with me as my willing, personal sex toy rather than being sold off to you."

The prince arched an eye brow "Oh she did, did she?", then spoke to Samuel. "I
do not wish to haggle Senor Samuel, I am delighted with the mother and daughter
team and will pay the price that we discussed earlier."

Samuel smiled, bowing slightly. "It's always a pleasure doing business with
someone with such a keen eye for quality stock and willing to pay the going
rate."

Prince Majib moved to a position directly behind Brandi, his dark, cruel eyes
affixed to the blonde's lacerated derriere.

"So these are the infamous buns of steel, are they?", "I clearly recognise
Mistress Marika's expertise with the rod."

Brandi groaned pitifully as he traced his fingers across the tender red welts
coloring her buttocks. The groans becoming louder and more intense when he
leaned down and lifted her foot, her weight shifting uncomfortably on the
penetrating rod as he bent her leg at the knee to form an L. He offered the
finely sculptured calf for the group to view.

"Look at the length and definition of her calf muscles, this along with the
hardened muscles of her hindquarters gives her the potential of being the finest
filly in all my kingdom, she will be the lead pony of my Golden Fillies team,
bearing most of the burden and responsibility for the teams success on the
track."

He released her foot and turned towards Lydia.

"Ms. Cortlandt I will give you one million dollars for this fine specimen."

The older woman was taken by complete surprise, the only thing she could think
of to say was, "Prince, the cunt is all yours,"

The prince laughed at her crude remark. "Then I am now the proud owner of these
three beautiful golden fillies."

The prince still stood behind Brandi as he spoke. "Turn around slave Brandi, I
wish to see your breasts."

The young blonde, hazardously impaled as she was mumbled incoherently into her
gold ballgag. The prince stepped aside and nodded to Marika who removed a short
handled whip from her belt, she held it momentarily to her side, the six leather
strands hanging menacingly towards the floor. Then with the same precision as
the night before Marika laid all six strands against the unprotected and 
harrowed flesh of Brandi's twin globes with deadly accurate force. Brandi
gurgled a scream, threatening to rupture herself on the hard rod she held within
her body, quickly straightening her buckling legs.

The prince repeated his command. "I wish to see your breasts slave Brandi."

The beautiful blonde began to take short, careful steps in her gold high heel
pumps, slowly rotating her body on the round metal rod infiltrating her vagina.
The group could see the pink elastic skin of her outer cuntal lips, stretched
and clinging to the surface of the phallus as she swivelled until for the first
time she met her new owner face to face, his eyes cruel and piercing, hers dull
and watery. Tears welled in the corners of Brandi's eyes, then rolled down her
flushed cheeks as Prince Majib callously squeezed and molded her protruding and
tethered titties.

Prince Majib spoke to the group as a professor might speak to his class.

"Her breasts are the perfect size for a ponygirl, not large enough to throw her
off balance but at the same time not sacrificing anything in the bedroom, I
can't wait to cover her after she has won a prestigious race for me."

The prince now spoke directly to Brandi.

"Wouldn't you like to win a race for your master, slave Brandi and then have me
reward you with a nice fuck or better yet have you suck me off so that you can
taste your master's spunk and carry it in your belly?"

Brandi's face was drenched with tears, mucus draining from each nostril, saliva
forming a constant string and drooling unheeded from her gag.

At this precise moment, Brandi confirmed her fear of the whip and what was to be
her destiny.

Brandi, slowly and submissively nodded her head up and down, aknowledging to her
master that she was his slave.

                 THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





