BDSM Library - The Last Pin




The Last Pin
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Being a corrupt drug enforcement agent has its benefits, especially when you are a sexual sadist.
The Last Pin

(M/ff, S&M, cons, crime)

Copyright reserved 1999 Verywierd

Warning! The following story includes nudity, sexual  activity of various kinds 
and graphic depictions of sadism and torture. Do not read  this if you are 
offended by the above or are disallowed from access to  writings of a sexual 
nature by the laws of your place of residence. Please do  not remove the author 
information or make any changes to this story. You may post  freely to non-
commercial "free" sites, or in the "free" area of  commercial sites.




Chapter One

The bump of the tires kissing the tarmac announced the  arrival of the private 
jet at its destination. All the windows were sealed shut  and the aircrew had
not  opened the door to the cabin since Derek had walked up the  boarding ramp
into  the aircraft. Being suspicious by nature and by training,  Derek always
disliked  this part of the trip. However, what awaited him outside of  the metal
and  plastic cylinder that briefly imprisoned him more than  compensated for
such  minor discomforts.

Another thump told him that the mobile steps and his  welcoming committee had 
arrived. As the passenger door swung open, Derek was  momentarily blinded by the 
bright glare of the open sky. Slipping on his sunglasses,  he stepped quickly 
through the portal and down the short flight of steps.  Nearby a silver grey 
Mercedes with dark tinted widows sat waiting.  A dark man  in overalls stood 
beside the steps, obviously an airfield worker. Out of  habit, Derek took note
of  his appearance. Much more interestingly, a tall blond  haired woman dressed
in a  white blouse and short light-grey skirt stood beside the  car, smiling in
obvious  greeting. Taking a grip on his small overnight bag, Derek  walked up to
the  attractive woman.

	"Welcome sir," she said "I hope you had a comfortable  trip."

	"Call me Derek" he replied smiling back.

	"OK Derek, and my name is Lisa. This way please" she  replied, opening the 
door of the car.

In the driver's seat sat another woman, also a blond. She  was wearing a light 
jacket and Derek could just barely see the outline of the  shoulder holster that 
she wore underneath.

	"This is Julia, your driver during your stay. She is  also in charge of 
your security while you are here."

	"So I gathered" said Derek, turning to stare at Lisa  from behind his dark 
lenses.

Unfazed by his scrutiny, Lisa sat smiling as the car  started down the road and 
out of the private airfield.

This was the third such "trip" that Derek had made since  becoming Deputy 
Director of the Special Task Force set up to combat the  inflow of cocaine from 
South America. Made up of special, hand picked men and  women, the Task Force
was  intended to side step the traditional law enforcement  organisations such
as the  DEA.  Vast amounts of money from the drug cartels had made  security in
these  organisations virtually non-existent. All the Task Force  personnel had 
impeccable backgrounds and had been vetted to weed out any  chance of bribery. 
For instance, Derek himself came from a wealthy family and  was virtually immune 
to financial "incentives". Special security was provided to  all family members 
to prevent threats from that direction.

The Task Force had been very successful and Derek was  riding high on a wave of 
arrests and drug confiscations. Until he had met Carlos. As  cunning as a fox
and  as deadly as the product that his cartel sold, Carlos and  his organisation
had  managed to defeat every attempt by the Task Force to break  it. Derek began 
having visions of demotion and an abrupt end to his career.  Even then, his 
devotion to duty did not waver.

Unfortunately, Carlos was not only as thorough as the  government agencies 
assigned to vet Derek's background, but possessed of far  more resources. 
Finally, a diligent investigator working for Carlos struck  paydirt. Derek had a 
secret. He was a sexual sadist. At the age of sixteen, he  had whipped a 
prostitute so badly that his family had had to pay  substantial amounts of money 
to all concerned in the incident to hush it up. Derek had  always been ambitious 
and had quickly realised that any further "accidents" of  this kind could end
any  chances for his future in politics and industry. He became  a model
citizen.

Through a series of very careful contacts, Carlos made  Derek an offer. Derek 
could continue as he was and risk disgrace or, he could  "cooperate" with Carlos 
in return for a series of orchestrated arrests designed to  keep the Task Force 
in the limelight and one more special "bonus". At regular  intervals, Derek
could  go on leave for a few days. During these holidays, Carlos  would supply
the one  thing that Derek craved. At various secret locations, he  would be
given the use  of a large house and grounds, transport, security and a  supply
of beautiful  women whom he could abuse in any way that he desired.  Carlos
assured him that  the women would be available for anything at all, no  limits.
When he had had his  fill, he could just walk away and let the drug lord's 
minions clean up the mess.

Smarting from a series of reprimands and rising pressure to  show progress "or 
else", Derek accepted the offer. He knew that once he had  given Carlos secret 
information regarding Task Force operations, he would be  tied to the criminal's 
fortunes permanently and that any possible sex scandals and  battered women
would  be the least of his troubles if he were found out.

In the cool embrace of the car's leather seat, Derek  continued his examination 
of the woman sitting beside him. Her short skirt had ridden  up her long sleek 
thighs and her legs were definitely worth looking at.

	"There will be two of us attending to you this time"  commented Lisa. 
"Excluding Julia of course" she added, nodding at the  driver's back.

	"Of course."  echoed Derek dryly. The driver was here  in the capacity of 
Carlos' eyes.

Pulling up into the driveway of the large, two storey  house, Derek could see
the  figure of another woman standing in front of the doorway,  dressed in what 
appeared to be brown trousers and matching sweater. When he  got a good look at 
the woman's face, he felt a chill run through him like an  arctic wind. He 
recognised the woman who waited for them to exit the  vehicle. He had seen that 
beautiful face just briefly, three years ago during a visit  to a police
training  academy. She was a cop!

Obviously, she was an undercover operative for another  agency. The
possibilities  ran through his brain like a swarm of locust. Was she after  him?
Was she after  Carlos? Was this just a coincidence? Most dangerous of all,  was
this some kind  of test set up by Carlos?

Derek realised that he had no choice. He would have to  carry on as if he had
not  recognised her. He would also have to ensure that the woman  did not
survive the  next few days! Once he had made his decision, he found that  the
idea of having  the policewoman as his plaything very stimulating. He just 
might enjoy this  weekend after all.




Chapter Two

Seated in the living room he studied the policewoman, whom  Lisa had introduced 
as Heather, closely. She either did not recognise him or  was extremely good. He 
would find out which before she died.

	"Lets just make sure that we are all playing on the  same team here" he 
said to them. "I don't want any misunderstandings to spoil  the weekend."

Lisa continued to act as spokeswoman. "We are here to  please you Derek; in any 
way that you want. No limits."  She glanced at Heather as  if seeking 
confirmation. Heather nodded in agreement. "Our ...employer  has made it 
abundantly clear that your wishes are to be obeyed without  question." The
slight  change in her voice confirmed that Carlos had ensured the  compliance of
these  two women.

Derek smiled. "Carlos can be most persuasive." His  deliberate use of the 
criminal's name failed to draw a response from Heather  apart from another nod.

	"OK. I would like to take a shower and have some  lunch" declared Derek. 
"However, before that, what say we er, break the ice, so to  speak?"

He gestured with his hands, motioning the two women to come  closer and to stand 
in front of the couch in which he sat. Derek's tone and  choice of words changed 
as he began to relax. "Take off your tops. I want to see  your tits."

Leaning back, Derek watched avidly, as Lisa began pulling  the ends of her
blouse  from the waistband of her skirt and carefully undoing the  pearl
coloured  buttons. Heather had an easier time of it , just pulling  her sweater
up and off.  Next came the bras, the two women reaching up into their  cleavage
to undo the  hooks and shrugging the lacy garments off their shoulders  like a
man taking off  his coat. Without any false modesty, they dropped the 
undergarments and stood  facing Derek, their arms at their sides.

Two pairs of brownish pink nipples rose and fell gently at  the tips of four 
beautifully formed breasts which were obviously the work of  nature and not 
silicone. Tiny blond hairs covered Lisa's torso, which  glistened faintly in the 
light from the large windows. Heather had slightly darker  nipples to match her 
chestnut hair.

	"I want you ladies to get acquainted. Heather, grab  hold of Lisa's nipples 
and squeeze them. Hard!"  he ordered.

Calmly, Lisa turned to face her female companion. Heather  reached up to grip 
Lisa's nipples with her thumbs and index fingers, squeezing  firmly. Aside from
a  gentle hiss of indrawn breath, Lisa did not react to the  indelicate
treatment of  her nipples. After a moment, Heather glanced at Derek, who 
remained silent,  obviously waiting. Drawing a breath of her own, Heather 
squeezed harder,  starting to twist the other woman's crushed nipples.

Derek let Heather continue until signs of obvious  discomfort began to show on 
Lisa's face. Then he ordered Heather to stop and Lisa to  take her turn. Heather 
showed the same amount of endurance as Lisa, standing still  as her nipples were 
roughly squeezed and mistreated. Heather's face was more  expressive however,
and  her beautiful features moved in time to Lisa's strong  fingers as they hurt
her  teats.

This little entertainment was enough to put a lump in  Derek's pants, so he 
decided to go and have his shower. He let Lisa stop hurting  Heather's nipples. 
Heather relaxed with a sigh of relief.

	"Just so you ladies don't get bored while I am way, I  want you to play a 
little game." The two topless women eyed him suspiciously.  "I want you to play 
patty-cake with each other's boobs. You slap her left  breast, you do it back, 
then the right one and so on. Get me?"  The girls nodded  glumly. "I want to
keep  hearing that nice patty-cake sound when I come back"  he  warned "and if I
don't  hear anything then the  both of you will be sorry!"

Grinning, Derek strode off towards his room and a relaxing  shower, the sound of 
female hands slapping female flesh adding a bounce to his  stride.




Chapter Three

Twenty minutes later, Derek returned, his hair wet and  slicked back from the 
shower. His rubber soled shoes made no sound as he  approached the living room. 
The rhythmic sounds of hands slapping breasts could still  be heard clearly. The 
girls' heavy breathing could also just be heard, the  exertions of the past 
twenty minutes obviously taking their toll.

" Look, why don't we take a break?"  said Heather's tired  voice. "My tits  are
bruised and red enough to convince him that we have  been good girls and so  are
yours."

"No."  replied Lisa voice. "There is no way that I am  taking the risk that 
Derek might tell Carlos that I was not doing my best. Derek  might kill us by 
accident, but Carlos will slaughter us like hogs along with  our friends and 
families. Besides, as long as Derek thinks that I am  cooperating he will not 
hurt me as badly as if he had to tie me down;  I hope."

"Oww!"  yelp Heather as what sounded like an extra hard  slap from Lisa  cracked
home. "OK! OK! It was just a suggestion!"

Derek stepped through the door. "Lisa is a smart girl. Just  do as I tell you
and  you both might  get out of this in one piece."  He smiled  as Heather
jumped  guiltily. Motioning the panting girls to stop, he examined  their
breasts. The  outer sides of both the girls' breasts were deep red and  bruised
from the  beating they had taken, the skin glistening from the sweat  that
coated the un- bruised areas. Cupping Lisa's breast in his palm, her flesh  felt
feverishly hot.  It was obviously very sore as she grimaced at his touch. 
Heather's tits were in  the same condition, although she reacted to his touch
with  "oohs" and "owws".  Satisfied, he let them take a ten minute rest.

	"Break time's over!"  Derek announced, clapping his  hands. "Both of you 
strip! I want to see some pussy!"  he said, deliberately  being crude.

Lisa stood up, unhooked her skirt and pulled it down over  her hips along with 
her panties in a smooth elegant motion. Naked, the tall  beauty stepped over to 
Derek like a model on a catwalk, her hips swaying gently.  She was clean shaven 
between her legs and the slit of her sex could be clearly  seen.  Meanwhile, it 
was obvious that Heather was not a experience in taking off  her clothes on 
command. She had gotten her feet tangled up in her trousers  and panties, and
was  almost running to catch up with the other woman. Heather  was not shaved, 
although her dark pubic hair was sparse and neatly trimmed.

	"I want to whip your cunts. Do you have anything that  I can use?" Derek 
asked, knowing that Carlos would have made sure that all  the necessary "tools" 
were in stock. He looked at Heather, who had a "Who? Me?"  look on her face.

With a sideways glare at Heather, Lisa said "You can find  the stuff you need in 
that cabinet in the corner Derek."

Opening the cabinet, Derek found an amazing collection of  whips, crops, clips 
and other accessories including some devices that obviously  needed instruction 
manuals or were more suited to trapping dinosaurs.  Whistling a Christmas carol, 
he carefully went through the selection before picking a  foot long leather 
strap. It was about an inch wide and as thick as a normal  man's belt. "Just the 
thing!" he announced, waving the implement at the two women  merrily. Heather's 
hand involuntarily moved to cover her mound.

Slapping his palm with the strap, Derek walked back to his  seat.

	"I want to get started right away, but I want my  lunch too. So, one of you 
will have to go get lunch from the kitchen, while I begin  on the other"  he 
announced. "Who goes first?"  he asked, letting his eyes  catch Lisa's 
momentarily.

	"I'll go first." said Lisa before Heather could  respond. Surprised, 
Heather nodded in agreement. "Where do you want me?" asked  Lisa.

	"Up on the table on your back." answered Derek,  pleased. His prick 
throbbed agreeably as he watched the blond woman climb up  on the table, bend
her  knees and spread her thighs, wide.

	"Is this OK?" she asked.

Derek picked up a small cushion and pushed it under her  hips. "Pull your knees 
up a bit more, and please open up your pussy for me. I want  to hit right 
inside."

Obediently, Lisa reached around her thighs to spread her  outer lips with the 
tips of her fingers. After a bit of fumbling, she managed  to get a good grip on 
the smooth skin of her outer labia and was able to open  herself out wide enough 
so that Derek could see the mouth of her vagina and even  her urethra.

	"Right. That is lovely Lisa. Heather, I am going to  start playing with 
Lisa's pussy now. You run off and get our lunch. It will be  your turn when you 
get back." said Derek genially, making a shooing motion  with his free hand. As 
Heather scampered off towards the kitchen, she heard him  say, "Lets start with 
ten. Count them out loud." The sound of leather striking  soft skin echoed in
the  hallway leading to the kitchen.

	"One!" gasped Lisa as the tip of the strap landed on  her labia, slightly 
off centre and just missing her vaginal opening."

Derek took aim and managed to hit Lisa dead centre with the  second stroke.

Splat!	"Aaahh! Two!"

Splat!  "Three!"

Splat! "Owww! Four!" gasped Lisa as the strap landed higher  up, stinging her 
clit. The pain of this stroke was much worse than the  previous ones, sending 
waves of pain through her hips and belly.

	"In all the story books, the girl's pussy is usually  wet at this point, 
proving that she is secretly enjoying it. Are you wet?"  asked Derek grinning.

	"I really don't think so." replied Lisa wryly.

Derek pushed a finger into her widespread vagina, drawing a  yelp from Lisa as 
his touch rasped the dry sex flesh. "Dry as a bone."  reported Derek. "How 
disappointing." he said, shaking his head with a sly smile.  "Oh well..."

Splat! "Five" gasped Lisa.

As Derek swung the strap for the sixth time, Lisa's body  reflexively shrank
back  from the blow, the muscles of her pussy squeezing down in  anticipation of
the  pain. Even her clit visibly drew back. Derek stopped the  blow before the
leather  touched her cringing pussy and waited, smiling.

	"Sorry!" said Lisa in recognition of her failure.  With a visible effort, 
she relaxed her muscles and pushed her pussy out in greater  prominence, making 
sure that she was as open as possible to the whip.

The pussy whipping continued.

When Heather returned to the living room, she heard Lisa  moan and gasp "Fifty-
two". Her eyes were red and there were traces of tears.  Heather was surprised
to  see that Lisa's pussy showed little sign of the beating  that it had taken.
The  inner labia were red and swollen, but that could be  mistaken for sexual
arousal.

	"Ah! Lunch!" exclaimed Derek. He lowered the whip and  patted Lisa's pussy 
mound like he would a responsive dog. "You can get up now."

	"Hmm. I can't eat and do Heather at the same time.  Tell you what," he 
continued brightly, "Lisa can do the honours while I eat. I  love having a show 
to watch with my meals."

Derek settled down at the end of the table with his steak,  with Heather's pussy  
two feet away from his plate. Lisa sat astride Heather's  chest, her swollen 
pussy almost pressed into Heather's face. Derek ate the  steak with obvious 
gusto, chewing almost in rhythm with the strap that Lisa  cracked ruthlessly
down  on the other woman's spread pussy. Lisa did not bother to  count, assuming 
correctly that the beating would go on as long as Derek  continued eating.

Finally, his meal finished, Derek let the women stop to  eat, which they did 
standing up, both being too sore between the legs to sit  comfortably.




Chapter  Four

When the women had cleaned up the remains of the meal, it  was time for some
more  fun and games.

	"Lisa, you seem to be the one with ideas, so how  about a suggestion? Lets 
stay with your pussies for the time being." said Derek.

Lisa closed her eyes for a moment. The vision of more  torture inflicted on her 
pussy made her shudder, but she knew what she had to do.  "What about cigarette 
burns?" she said. She heard Heather gasp behind her.

	"Nope. I don't smoke" replied Derek.

	"What about needles? I think that there are a few  boxes in the cabinet." 
said Lisa, trying again.

Derek smile blissfully. "Needles! I like it. Go and get  them Lisa."

Lisa went to the cabinet and returned with a box of sewing  pins that had small 
coloured plastic balls at the blunt end. She held them out  to Derek.

Derek flipped a coin. "I'm afraid that it is you first  again Lisa!"

Without asking, Lisa went to sit in a large padded  armchair, hooking her legs 
over the arms, her buttocks at the edge of the seat. She  rested her hands on
the  seat to each side of her hips to provide support and stop  her from
slipping off  the chair. "I'm ready Derek."

Derek sat down on the floor between her thighs, Lisa's  pussy nicely positioned 
in front of him. He set the box of pins on the floor and  reached out to grip 
Lisa's right labia, pulling it out firmly, stretching the  soft flap as far as
it  could go.

Lisa's teeth were clenched and her breath hissed loudly as  she watched the tip 
of the first shining pin approach her labia. She wanted to  close her eyes, but 
she was mesmerised by the sight. The point of the pin  touched the inner side of 
her labia, low down near her vaginal mouth and she felt a  sharp pricking 
sensation. Over Derek's shoulder, she could see Heather's  horrified face.

Derek pushed slowly, letting the pain build as the pin  pushed against the taut 
skin, making a little tent in the flesh on the other side.  He heard Lisa's
voice  rise in a cry of pain, gradually getting louder as the pain  increased. A
tiny  dot of blood formed around the point of the pin, then  suddenly it broke
through  to appear on the outer side of the tortured labia.

	"AAAhh!" screamed Lisa as the pin pierced her flesh.

Derek placed the point of another pin a little above the  first and began the 
slow, agonising push.

Lisa cried out again as the second pin tore her labia. She  shook her head as if 
denying the pain, biting her lower lip. She could see the  tiny drops of blood 
starting to run downwards and a separate part of her mind  noted incongruously 
that the fabric of the armchair was going to get stained.  Her fingers and toes 
clenched, as if to grip an unseen surface. A sharp  throbbing pain radiated from 
her damaged pussy lip as the flesh began to swell.

One by one, Derek thrust his pins into Lisa's sex, until a  row of brightly 
coloured dots marched up towards the meeting point of her  inner labia and the 
tiny pearl of her clitoris that lay above. When he had  filled one lip, Derek 
started on the left labia.

Lisa could not help but cry out each time she was pierced,  but she managed to 
reduce the sound to a sharp "Owww! Owww! Owww!". She had  been right about the 
blood, which now made two spreading stains on the seat. She  was thankful that 
she had been able to so far control her bladder and had not  had to face the 
additional humiliation of peeing in front of Derek.

The sharp coppery smell of blood mingled with the musky  smell of Lisa's vaginal 
secretions. She laughed softly, making Derek look up at her  face with a raised 
eyebrow.

Lisa shook her head in disbelief. "I guess the books were  right after all!" she 
said, pointing with her nose at the glistening droplets of  vaginal lubrication 
that had formed at the mouth of her sex. Somehow, the  humiliating exposure 
combined with Derek's rough handling of her pussy had  managed to stimulate a 
flow of her juices despite all the pain.

Finally, both labia had been filled to the top. Derek held  up one more pin. "I 
guess you know where this goes Lisa!" he said. "When that  is done, I can play 
with Heather's pretty pussy!"

Suddenly, Derek saw Lisa's eyes widen in shock and he heard  Heather's voice, 
twisted with rage and fear...

	"You bastard! You won't be touching my pussy or any  one else's ever 
again!" she screamed.

Derek twisted around and saw that Heather had a .357  caliber revolver in her 
hands, gripped in the Academy approved stance. "Aren't you  out of uniform 
officer?" he asked, raising his hands. Carefully, he  shuffled around to face
the  enraged police woman.

Heather sneered. "You think that you are so smart, Mr.  Special Task Force!
Well,  you are not the only one who can make deals. I can also  supply Carlos
with  enough information to dodge the drug hounds. I just have to  prove to him
that I  am loyal and good enough for the job!"

	"By killing me." prompted Derek

"That's right you prick. I had to play along with your sick  games until I was 
sure that you were unarmed and too busy with Miss  Pincushion to see me go for 
the gun. And now..." she said, taking aim at the centre of  his body.

The gun went off with a sharp crack. Heather's face twisted  in shock as the 
bullet entered her shoulder, smashing the bone and making  her drop her
revolver.  The thick carpet prevented a misfire as it hit the floor.

	"You lose." said Derek softly, finishing her sentence  for her.

Heather stared in disbelief at the 9mm Beretta in Lisa's  hands. "Why?" she 
groaned.

Lisa smiled. "Derek made me an offer while you were in the  kitchen. After all,
a  girl can never have too much money, can she! And having a  Deputy Director as 
friend can't be bad either."

Just then, Julia ran in, gun drawn.

	"I am afraid that Heather is going to meet with an  unfortunate accident." 
said Derek to the grim faced guard, who nodded in  understanding. Julia gripped 
the wounded woman by the hair, the muzzle of her gun in the  back of her neck. 
Stumbling in shock and pain Heather and her executioner  left the room.

Derek turned back to Lisa and kissed her on the lips, and  at the same time 
taking back his gun.  "And what now?" he asked her.

Lisa grinned and pointed to the last pin that Derek still  held in his fingers. 
"As I recall, my clit still has an appointment with that  nasty pin!" she 
replied, reaching down to spread her pin studded labia and  expose her shiny
pink  pearl.

	"Smart girl." said Derek admiringly as he sat down in  front of Lisa's 
pussy again.


The End.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Verywierd


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





