BDSM Library - Boarding School Sex Training




Boarding School Sex Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This story has been nominated for the 2003 Golden Clitorides Award for Best Serial Story. It is a story of the coercion of a young lady, Rachel, to fulfill the sexual desires of her older Guardian. In order to gain the inheritance that is rightfully hers, she must consent to be trained by the Headmaster to service her Guardian. She will be taught to experience pleasure against her own will and to give pleasure against her will. She will be trained in all the perversions of the flesh. 
{ASSM}    Boarding School Sex Training  
(Lady Dreamer and Powerone)
M+/F, Virg, Reluc, Humil, Anal, reluc


This story is collaboration between Lady Dreamer and Powerone.  Copyrighted
2002.  It is a story of the coercion of a young lady, Rachel, to fulfill the
sexual desires of her older Guardian.  In order to gain the inheritance that is
rightfully hers, she must consent to be trained by the Headmaster to service her
Guardian.  She will be taught to experience pleasure against her own will and to
give pleasure against her will.  She will be trained in all the perversions of
the flesh.



Her Guardians Wishes-Chapter One

	Michael has been the Headmaster of a very exclusive all girls boarding
school for over ten years.  Michael is very much a lover of the female figure;
he appreciates shape and form of women and above all, likes to take pleasure
from them whether they wish it or not.  He likes to force them to feel pleasure
that they might not wish to feel or experience. Michael's philosophy is absolute
obedience to his word and his school is very strict.  Students are brought up to
respect adults and not to question them.  Any disobedience is quickly punished.
All of the instructors at the school are male.

	The tuition at the school costs more than $150,000 per year and the
student's guardians enroll them at the school.  The guardians are all very
wealthy older gentlemen.  They became guardians over the students when their
parents had died. 

	The students are sexually naive and when they became eighteen the real
purpose of the school becomes evident.  This is the story of one of these
students, Rachel.

	Rachel has a slender figure, medium height, peaches and cream complexion,
long wavy brown hair and unusual gray/blue eyes.   She turned eighteen years old
today and has been at the boarding school since she was ten.  Her parents were
killed in an automobile accident.  Stephen, her Guardian was a good friend of
her mother and as Rachel had no other relatives, he petitioned the court for
custody of Rachel.  Stephen is a very rich and powerful man.  He had no trouble
convincing the court that he could care for Rachel. While Stephen does maintain
contact with Rachel, her real guardian is Michael.  She adores him (hero
worship), thinks the world of him and would do whatever he wants.  She would not
even think of questioning his authority.  The one time she did, when she was
twelve, Michael had taken her over his lap and spanked her ass.  That was the
last time she ever questioned him.

	As Rachel entered the classroom, Mr. Johnson called her over.  Rachel is
wearing the standard dress for the school.  This consists of a white, button
down blouse, plaid skirt, saddle shoes and socks.  Although Rachel thought the
blouses were a little too transparent (you could see the outline of her bra
underneath) and the skirts a little too short (they were three inches above the
knees) she does not complain.  The only males she ever saw were the instructors
and although she felt sometime that they were looking at her strange lately, she
ignored the feeling.

	"Yes, Sir," said Rachel.

	"Headmaster Michael would like to see you in his office immediately.  Here
is a hall pass," remarked Mr. Johnson, with a smirk on his face.

	All of the students called him Headmaster Michael.  While the other teachers
were respectfully called by their last name, the Headmaster used his first name. 
But he required you also used the term Headmaster with his first name.  Either
that or you called him Sir.  Anything else would bring about his displeasure.

	Rachel knocked on the door and waited for a response.  It was a large oak
door, befitting the owner's power and prestige. 

	"Enter," came the booming voice of the Headmaster.

	Rachel entered and as usual was amazed by the grandeur of the office.  One
does not get called to the Headmasters office very often and when they did, they
did not speak of it.  The furniture in the office was all wood and very ornate. 
The chairs all were cushioned, with wooden arms and scrolled legs.  They were
very heavy and did not move very easily.  The Headmasters desk was huge, as was
the conference table. Little did Rachel realize that they were designed to hold
a female figure securely to them.

	"Have a seat, Rachel, and Happy Birthday.  Stephen also sends his Happy
Birthday wishes.  He could not be here today, but he promises to be here
tomorrow."

	Michael had a very striking and handsome silhouette.  Although he was in his
forties, he still was a heartthrob to most of the adolescent girls at the
school.  While they feared disobeying him, most also had adolescent fantasies
about him.  Rachel was no exception.  Lately she thought about Michael spanking
her as he did when she was twelve.  This excited her, the power that he would
have over her.

	"I am glad, I have not seen him in a while.  Is there anything the matter,
Headmaster Michael?"

	"No, everything is fine with Stephen.  He is looking forward to seeing you
tomorrow.  We just have to come to some decisions about your future before he
arrives."

	"What do you mean?" asked Rachel.

	"You are now eighteen today and that makes you an adult.  I need to explain
some things about your future relationship with Stephen and how you are to
proceed.  When your parents died eight years ago, they left you an inheritance
of a little over one million dollars, with Stephen the trustee.

	"I didn't know anything about that.  When will I inherit the money?" Rachel
inquired.  Her eyes began to lighten up.  That was a lot of money, she could do
many things that she had only read about.

	"I realize that it sounds like a lot of money, but Stephen has had to
financially take care of you for the last eight years.  You must realize your
education and board at this school costs almost $150,000 per year.  While
Stephen is wealthy, he is under no obligation to pay for your tuition with his
own money.  As trustee of your parents estate, he has every legal right to use
the inheritance money for your upkeep."

	The good mood of Rachel quickly disappeared, as she realized that there was
little money left of the inheritance.  She would be back to having no future
without the help of Stephen.  "So what does this mean?"

	"Stephen has a proposition for you Rachel.  He is willing to forego all of
the payments he has made for the last eight years and give you the inheritance
when you turn the age of twenty-one.  This would be about two million dollars,
as Stephen wisely invested the money for you.  Does this sound interesting to
you, Rachel?"

	"Oh, yes, Sir.  I want to thank you and I will really thank Stephen tomorrow
when he comes," the excitement back in Rachel's voice.  She would be rich and
could do anything she wanted to.

	"Don't get too excited yet, Rachel.  There are some conditions to this
agreement.  Stephen is being very generous to you and he requires some exchange
of favors in return."

	"Yes, I will do whatever he wants.  He has been so generous towards me since
my parent's death.  And you have also been so helpful, Sir.  I respect you for
the many things you have taught me the last eight years."  Rachel could not
contain her enthusiasm.  She would be financially set for life.  While most
twenty-one year olds would be just starting out in life, she would be
financially sound.

	"I hope you are sincere in your desire to please both Stephen and myself. 
That is exactly what will be required of you in order to get Stephen to complete
his offer."

	"I am sure I will please you both, Sir," not realizing the implications of
her response.  "What is required of me?"

	"As you probably know, Rachel, you have become a very attractive women. 
While you are sexually naive, which was our intentions at this school for your
development, it is now time for further education in that area."

	"I don't understand," a puzzled look on Rachel's face.  She had only begun
to think of sex and with the few males here being the instructors, they were
only passing fancies.

	"Stephen has asked me to take over the personal training of you.  This will
take about two months.  During that time, I will prepare you sexually for him,"
his eyes watching for Rachel's reaction.

	Rachel sat up in the chair, did she hear him correctly, did he say, prepare
her sexually for him.  "What do you mean, prepare sexually," she stammered, her
voice breaking up.

	"I will teach you to cater to Stephen's every sexual desire.  You will be
taught to experience pleasure against your will and to give pleasure against
your will.  This will involve humiliation and if you fail to perform as desired,
this will require discipline, often you will be sexually punished.  You will
have to serve his sexual desires for a period of three years.  At the end of
that time, you will be given your inheritance and you will be free to do as you
desire.  You may stay with Stephen, but that is not a requirement."

	"I don't know what to say, Sir.  I am not sure what you and Stephen are
going to do to me.  I respect your opinion, what do you want me to do?"

	"I suggest you take Stephen's offer.  It is very generous.  It will only
require three years of your life and then you will have the wherewithal to do
anything you want in life.  Most young ladies would jump at a chance to take
this offer.  This is not an unusual request.  I have trained a number of young
ladies like you over the years that have accepted similar offers from their
Guardians.  I will not give you names, but you are going to school with one of
them.  In fact, if you accept this offer, your training will also interact with
hers at some point."

	"Can you tell me what will be expected of me?" Rachel asked, still not
exactly sure of what she would be expected to do.

	"It is difficult to explain in words, but I can show you in pictures.  I
have an album of various sexual situations that you will be required to perform. 
Each day I will show you a new set of pictures for you to study and the next day
I will instruct you in the methods to pleasure Stephen."  Michael reached over
and pulled a large album over to where Rachel was sitting.  He placed it in her
lap.

	"Open the first page and see your new future."

	Rachel was shocked at the first picture.  There was a naked girl, her own
age.  In fact she recognized her.  It was Sara, her roommate last year.  She was
standing, her legs spread, her arms laced behind her head, her breasts thrust
before her.  She was naked and she could see Michael in the picture and also
someone else, probably her Guardian.  She looked embarrassed as she was spread
naked, their eyes obviously drinking in the naked beauty before them.  The next
picture showed her kneeling on hands and knees on the Headmasters desk.  She
could see the Headmasters hands on her thighs, spreading them open.  Her anus
and vagina peaking out.   Her breasts hung down and her Guardian had grasped
them with his hands.  Each picture got progressively worse.  On her back, her
Guardian pulling her legs back and spread over her head, the Headmaster between
her legs, a speculum in his hand.  On her knees again, head down on the desk,
ass pushed out, her Guardian spreading her cheeks of her ass open, the
Headmaster inserting a speculum in her tiny anus.  Tears ran from her eyes, the
humiliation of the inspection of her body overcoming her emotions.

	"We will require a complete inspection of your body first.  That will take
place tomorrow.  Stephen will be present and will assist me in it.  You will be
forced to participate.  We will require you to perform certain actions to allow
us access to the various parts of your body.  Part of your training will require
you to do things against your will.  Your only reason to do so will be to please
Stephen and myself.  This will be a very lengthy examination.  You will be asked
to strip naked for us.  You will be given an enema so you will be cleaned out. 
You vagina and anus will be probed with speculums.   I can assure you when we
are finished, we will know your body better than you do," Michael stated matter
of factly. 

	The only two persons that she cared about in this world were asking her to
do things that made her cringe.  While not fully realizing what would be
required of her she managed to stammer out, "I will try to please you both, you
have both been very generous and kind to me over the years.  I respect both of
you and your opinions and if you think that this is best for me, I will do as
you desire.  You have only show me what is required of me and I will obey."
	
	Michael smiled, he knew that he would enjoy this delightful creature over
the next two months.  While he thought that he was getting the better part of
the agreement, he realized the reason for Stephen's request.  Stephen had been
in love with Rachel's mother before she was married.  They had a brief, very
passionate affair, but she married his best friend, who was a millionaire, when
Stephen was in comparison, poor and could not give her the lifestyle she wanted. 
Rachel's mother was anything but innocent, she had given Stephen pleasure he'd
never experienced before or after.  Stephen expected Michael to train Rachel to
be the whore that her mother was in bed.  He did not want an innocent girl, but
a sexually experienced woman that would not balk at any request.
	
	"I realize that tomorrow will be a very traumatic experience for you.  You
will first be forced to strip naked in front of Stephen and myself.  To make it
a little easier on you, I am going to have you strip for me right now.  You
might as well get used to taking off your clothes in front on strangers.  This
will happen many times in your training.  Please stand up and face me," said
Michael, sitting in one of the large chairs in the middle of the room.

	Rachel, trembling in strange anticipation and fear, stood from the chair and
moved in front of Michael.  Her legs felt like rubber and she thought she might
not make the few steps required of her.  She did not know how she would handle
the situation.  She would be asked to remove her clothes while Michael watches
her.  Would she be able to do it?

	"What do you want me to do, Sir?" her voice very low, hoping that this was
all a dream and she would wake up in her bed.

	'You have a very beautiful body, Rachel, I am would like to see it better. 
Remember the first picture, with Sara standing with her hands laced behind her
neck and her legs spread wide?  Even though you have your clothes on, I would
like you to take that pose for me.  You will be required to be in the pose many
times as it will thrust your breasts out and spread your legs," his cock
beginning to harden.

	Rachel closed her eyes and assumed the position.  Her breasts strained
against the buttons of her blouse, her legs spread wide, waiting for further
commands.

	"Open your eyes and look directly into my eyes.  I want to see your
humiliation.  You have very lovely breasts.  They are pushing to get out of your
blouse. And you legs are very long and slender.  You certainly have a body that
was built for sex."

	Rachel opened her eyes and stared at Michael, her look catching the crotch
of his pants.  She could see his bulge.  Some of the girls had talked about a
man's penis, but she had not even seen a picture of one.  But she did know that
Michael's penis was big by the size of this bulge.  She did not even want to
imagine what he would do with it to her body.

	"Turn around, so I may see your ass."  Rachel turned her back to him.  "Yes,
that is very lovely Rachel.  Lower your hands and bend over, but do not bend
your knees and grab your ankles."  Rachel could feel the cool air slide up the
back of her skirt.  She knew that her skirt was riding up to high to her butt
and Michael could probably see her panties.  "Spread your legs more, further,
yes, that's better.  A woman is truly sensuous when she is spreading herself
open for her male.  You have a beautiful ass Rachel, I am getting to take
pleasure in it later.  It is also made for a sound spanking.  I still remember
the spanking I gave you when you were twelve.  You will receive spankings, not
so much as a punishment, but because I want to.  Your naked ass will excite me."

	"You are obeying very good, Rachel.  Now turn and face me again, hands down. 
Step a little bit closer, so I may touch you if I desire."  Rachel moved closer
to Michael, he could now reach out and touch her body.   "Please unbutton your
blouse and let if fall to the floor."

	Reluctantly, Rachel began at the top button and started to unbutton them. 
She stared at Michael as he watched her undressing.  When the last button was
opened, Rachel pulled it from her skirt, slipped it off her arms and let it fall
to the floor.   Rachel began to turn red in embarrassment at what she was being
forced to do.

	"Bend over and lean forward a little bit.  I want to see your breasts."

	Rachel bent over, her breasts hanging open, seemingly trying to fall from
her bra.

	"A little more, yes, you have lovely breasts, Rachel.  Now stand tall,
remove your bra and than lace your hands behind your head again.  Let me see
your lovely breasts."

	Rachel cringed at the request.  The man she respected and worshipped for
almost all of her life was now asking her to show her naked breasts to him. 
Soon, she would have to strip completely for him.  She was not sure if she could
handle this.  She felt like running away and crying.  But, she had promised to
obey him.  He knew what was best for her.  She would have to comply.  Her
fingers reached behind, finding the catch to her bra.  A quick snap, a pull down
from her shoulders and the bra fell to the floor, her arms covering her naked
breasts.

	"Hands behind your head, I will not repeat myself," Michael's voice boomed. 
"Your reluctance will cost you, now obey immediately."

	Rachel jumped at the anger in Michael's voice.  She had never seen this
reaction since he had spanked her.  She was afraid of the consequences and her
arms went quickly behind her neck, fingers laced, elbows forward.  Her young
naked breasts caught the cool air in the room and her nipples hardened, standing
tall, the first time a male had seem them.  A flash of excitement, but also
feared rushed through Rachel.  Her eyes met Michael's. 

	Michael abruptly stood up, his face only inches from Rachel's.  He started
into her eyes, seeing the fear.  His glance went down to her breasts.  He always
enjoyed the breasts of a young girl.  Rachel's breasts were so firm, the nipples
hard, her chest heaving from the fear.  He watched her eyes follow his stare,
his hands reaching up to touch them.

	Rachel was shocked and almost pushed back when Michael stood.  She watched
in slow motion as his hand moved toward her naked breasts.  What would it feel
like when he touched her?  She braced her body as first one hand, than the other
encircled her tender breasts for the first time.  She could feel her nipples
harden as his hand clenched her breast tightly, squeezing them like a sponge. 
She gasped in sudden shock, not expecting the reaction from her body.  She began
to feel the excitement of the moment.  Here she was being forced to strip naked
and her naked body was being stroked and she was beginning to enjoy it.  She
wanted more.

	Michael could feel the change in Rachel.  She pushed her breasts into his
hands.  He moved toward her nipples, grabbing it between two fingers and began
to pinch them lightly.

	"OH, God, please don't do that," she cried, her breath coming in short
bursts.  His fingers began to become more insistent, the pinch becoming harder,
pain beginning to mix with the pleasure, her nipples forced hard between his
fingers.  "That's beginning to hurt, please don't do that."

	"Stand perfectly still, you must let me have my way with your body.  Let the
pleasure overcome the pain.  You will have to learn to love the pain.  Stephen
and I will take great pleasure inflicting pain on your body.  That is what we
require of you."  His fingers began to pull on her nipples, forcing them out. 
He pulled them up, Rachel forced to stand on her toes to release some of the
pleasure.  Rachel looked lovely, on her toes, her breasts pulled up by her
nipples, a grimace on her face from the pain Michael was inflicting on her
breasts.

	Michael suddenly released her nipples, her breasts falling back down, her
feet back flat on the floor.  He sat back down.  "Raise your skirt above your
waist.  I want to see your panties.  Spread your legs further open."  Rachel
reached down to the hem of her skirt and began to slip it up her thighs. 
Michael watched as she slowly bared her legs to him, his face only inches from
them.  Rachel pulled her skirt until her panties were completely uncovered, her
legs spread wide.  A wisp of pussy hair pulled out from the edge of her panties.  
	
	"Drop your skirt to the floor, quickly now.  Keep your legs together.  Now
slowly pull your panties down to your knees for me."

	Rachel dropped the skirt and as her panties began the descent of her legs,
she watched Michael's eyes as they ravished her body.  His eyes watching as her
pussy was first bared to him.  "Drop them to the floor."  Rachel pushing them
all the way down and stepping out of them.  She began to spread her legs out,
her pussy opening for him.  "You're learning, it will go much easier if you
learn to please me."  Her legs were now spread over three feet.  "More, I want
your pussy spread for me".  When they were over four feet wide, Rachel stopped. 
She stood tall, her breasts thrust out, her legs spread wide, her pussy opening
to the cool air.

	"Turn and bend over with your legs spread.  I want to see your asshole." 
Rachel flushed with embarrassment, turned, her back to Michael and began to bend
over.  She did not expect that it would be this humiliating.  She began to bend
over.  "Reach back with your hands and spread your cheeks apart.  I want to see
that tiny asshole."

	Cringing in humiliation, Rachel did as she was ordered.  Her cheeks spread
open, the cool air blowing on her asshole. 

	"Beautiful, Rachel, now turn again and face me and assume the position." 
Rachel did as she was told, breasts pushed out, legs spread, her pussy opening. 
"Spread your pussy lips open so I may see your pink insides."  Rachel complied,
her fingers grasping her pussy lips, spreading them open.  She realized that
Michael could see the pussy juice on her pussy.   "You are enjoying this, aren't
you.  You are wet."

	"No, you are making me do this.  I don't want to do it, you are humiliating
me," tears running down her cheeks.  Michael could see that she was aroused. 
She did not want him to know this.

	Michael got up and came over to her with a camera in his hand.

	"No, don't take pictures of me like this.  I don't want to become part of
your scrapbook." 

	"All of my charges get into my scrapbook.  Your pictures will be used to
train the next young lady."  He began to take pictures of Rachel.  He took a
close up of her spread pussy.  He went behind her and got a nice picture of her
tiny anus. 

	There is one matter to finish before you may leave.  You failed to obey one
of my commands and you displeased me.  You must learn to never do that again.  I
want you to lie over my lap, your head down on the floor.  I am going to give
you a spanking on your bare ass.

	Tears began to fall from Rachel's eyes.  Besides disappointing Michael, she
was also going to have to suffer the humiliation of getting a spanking.  It
would be just like she was a little girl of twelve again.  She moved over
Michael and spread her body over his legs.  She could feel his hard cock resting
against her stomach.  Her head hung down, waiting in suspense.  She could feel
one of his hands run over her naked cheeks.  Fingers pushed between her legs. 
"Open your legs, you must stay open for me at all times."  Her legs parted,
giving Michael access to the most intimate portion of her body.  He fingers
again moved between her legs, running over her wet pussy and pushing back toward
her tiny anus.  His wet fingers moved over her anus, sending shivers through her
body.

	His hand was removed and suddenly a loud smack filled the room, seconds
later the pain registering with Rachel.  His hand had hit her left cheek very
hard.  "OOOWWW, I will obey next time, please Sir, don't hit me again," she
begged.

	"It will be twenty five for you young lady, you are lucky it is not more. 
Now hold still and keep quiet.  You must learn to accept your punishment."  His
hand began to beat her cheeks, alternating each time.  By fifteen, both cheeks
were beet red and Rachel was whimpering in pain.  By twenty, she had to put her
hand in her mouth to stop the screams.  Finally she received the full
twenty-five.   He pushed her upright, a gasp coming from her lips as he grabbed
her beaten cheek.

	"You may get dressed down and return to your room.  I am finished for the
day.  I do not want you to masturbate tonight.  Tomorrow, Stephen will be here
for your inspection.  If you think today was bad, tomorrow will be even worse."
	
	Rachel grabbed her clothes quickly and began to put them on, the
embarrassment beginning again, as she is now forced to dress in front of him. 
She quickly finished.  "Thank you sir, " and ran out the door.

(To be continued)




{ASSM}    Boarding School Sex Training  
(Lady Dreamer and Powerone)
M+/F, Virg, Reluc, Humil, Anal, reluc


This story is collaboration between Lady Dreamer and Powerone.  Copyrighted
2002.  It is a story of the coercion of a young lady, Rachel, to fulfill the
sexual desires of her older Guardian.  In order to gain the inheritance that is
rightfully hers, she must consent to be trained by the Headmaster to service her
Guardian.  She will be taught to experience pleasure against her own will and to
give pleasure against her will.  She will be trained in all the perversions of
the flesh.



Chapter 2-Stripped and Enema Cleansing

	"Hello, Stephen, come in and sit down," Michael showing Stephen into his
office.  "As I told you on the phone, Rachel has agreed to our arrangement.  She
has had a night to think about it, so we will soon find out if she has changed
her mind.  We will be using the rooms next door for the examination.  One room
has the large metal table with the drains where we will give Rachel her enemas. 
The other room has various tables and chairs where we can spread Rachel out on
as we examine her.  I think you will enjoy this very much.  It is imperative
that we make this as humiliating as possible for Rachel.  We must train her to
be submissive so that you will get the women trained to your satisfaction."

	There was a knock on the door.  "Come in, Rachel."

	The door opened and Rachel entered the room.  She had a very sleepless
night.  She had thought all night about what was going to happen to her and the
consequences if she did not agree.  She was very grateful for what Stephen had
done for her.  She knew what might have happened to her if she was turned over
to foster care.  She would have never have had the advantages that she got as
far as education and breeding.  Michael had been wonderful over the years she
attended school.  She worshipped him and because of her upbringing, would do
whatever he asked.  For this reason, she decided to submit to the demands of the
two males in her life, no matter how perverted they might be.  She had dressed
as she was instructed, her school uniform.  White, button down blouse, short
skirt, white socks and sneakers.  Michael had left new underwear for her to
wear, a very sexy bra and panty set.  All eyes were on her as she entered.

	Michael and Stephen were both sitting in the overstuffed leather chairs
near his desk, both facing Rachel.  "Come in and stand near our chairs.  Have
you had a chance to think about the arrangement?

	Rachel looked into Michel's eyes, "Yes, Sir.  If you think it is in my
best interest, I will do what you want."

	"Very good, Rachel," said Stephen.  "Please tell us exactly what you are
agreeing to do."

	Rachel looked down at the floor, realizing it was beginning. They were
already asking her to tell them what she would do, next she would have to
perform.

	"Look up, Rachel. You must always look into our eyes, no matter what we
may do to you.  We want to see the look on your face.  Now explain what will be
required of you," Michael ordering her.

	Rachel's eyes moved forward, starting directly at Stephen.  "I will
submit to you sexually Stephen and Michael will train me in what I must do and
how I must do it.  During training, Michael will use me sexually in order to
make sure that I learn correctly to please you."

	"Very good, Rachel.  Stephen, why don't you see what you are getting.  I
am sure Rachel will allow you to take liberties with her body, won't you,
Rachel?"

	"Yes, Sir," standing very still as Stephen rose from his chair and stood
next to Rachel.  His hands reached for her face, pushing her face towards his.

	"Open your mouth when I kiss you and push your tongue into my mouth.  I
want to French kiss you."  He pushed his lips into hers, his mouth opening,
allowing his tongue to enter.  He pushed it in, running it around inside.  Her
tongue began to move toward his, rubbing against it.  His cock hardened at her
youthful desire and exuberance.  He was going to enjoy her very much.

	Rachel felt strange as Stephen, her Guardian, began to kiss her
sexually.  She could feel his cock move against her leg and could feel it twitch
as she worked her tongue over his.  She could see Michael out of the corner of
her eye watching as she was forced to kiss Stephen.

	Stephen released Rachel from the kiss.  "You are a very beautiful girl,
I am going to enjoy your body very much."  His hand reached out to her shoulder
and began to run it down her arm.  He slid his hand to her waist, feeling her
body trembling.  His hand moved up towards her breasts.  "Stand very still, I
want to feel your breasts."  His hand moved up and grasped her breasts, kneading
the firm, youthful flesh. 

	Tears began to form in Rachel's eyes as Stephen began to grope her body. 
So this was what is going to be like.  Three years of being taken against her
will, her body used to satisfy his evil and perverted wishes.  She was just
beginning and already starting to regret her decision.  "Oh, that is too hard,
please be gentle," Stephen beginning to tighten his grip on her breasts.

	"Stand still, I will use your body anyway I want.  You must submit to
all of my wishes and some of them will cause you pain.  I enjoy your cries of
pain," Stephen continuing the manipulation of his eighteen-year old beauties
breasts.

	"Let's see if I can find your nipples."  His fingers reached toward the
tips of her breasts, pinching, searching for her nipples.

	"OOOOWWWW", cried Rachel.

	"I see that I have found them," he pinched her nipples tighter.  He
could feel them through her blouse and bra, getting harder as he began to pull
and twist them.

	"Tooo hard, don't pinch so hard," Rachel begged, but Stephen continued
the teasing of her nipples, forcing them to get harder, making it easier to
grasp through her clothes.

	Stephen released her breasts and nipples, a sigh of release coming from
Rachel.  His hands moved behind her and pushed down over her shapely ass. He
pushed Rachel towards him, his hard cock pushing against her virgin pussy.  His
hands groped her asscheeks hard.

	"As you can see, Rachel, Stephen likes his sex hard.  I will be training
you in the days to come to accept this and in due time you will receive pleasure
from the pain he will inflict on your tender body.  We will both use your body
in ways you can not even imagine."  Michael was smiling as he said this, knowing
he also liked his sex hard and painful.

	Stephen's fingers pushed between her cheeks, forcing them apart so he
could feel her anus.

	"EEEEHHH," Rachel jumped and pushed her pussy into Stephens cock and his
fingers had found her defenseless anus and pushed hard against it.  Even through
her clothes, it shocked her.  "Not there," she cried.

	"I will touch you anywhere I want, now hold still," his finger searching
and pushing against her anus.  His fingers moved from her ass to her abdomen,
circling it, moving closer to her virgin pussy.  His fingers moved down,
grabbing her pussy in his palm, squeezing her tightly.

	Rachel had never felt so humiliated in her life.  She had to stand while
her body was roughly manhandled as Michael watched.  Stephen was now gripping
her pussy, his hand squeezing her tightly, forcing her to spread her legs more
to relieve the pain.  Stephen released her body and sat back down, watching the
expression on Rachel's face, seeing the humiliation of having to submit to the
forced examination of her body.

	"Now we would like to see you naked," Michael pushing two small tables
before their chairs.  "Please stand on this table," helping Rachel up to stand
on the table. She was now perched high above them, knowing that they could
probably see up her short skirt.  "Hands behind your head, push your tits out
and turn around slowly.  We wish for you to display your young body to us."

	Rachel laced her fingers behind her head, arching her back, her breasts
pushed out, straining the buttons on her blouse.  She began to slowly turn,
allowing them full visual access to her body.  Her humiliation was beginning. 
She would be perched high above them and forced to strip naked.  And that would
only be the beginning of a painfully humiliating day.

	"You have a very beautiful body, Rachel.  You should be proud of it and
display it.  We will give you every advantage to show your naked body to many
people that appreciate young beautiful submissive women.  Now, unbutton your
blouse slowly and show us your new bra," Michael smiling as he was about to see
Rachel naked again. 

	Rachel lowered her head and began to unbutton her blouse, the buttons
opening one by one, slowly spreading her blouse open until she reached the
bottom.  The new bra thrust her breasts up.  She pulled her blouse out of her
skirt and threw it to the floor, standing in her bra.

	"Very good, now will you please remove your skirt.  First raise it up
over your waist so we may see your panties."

       Reluctantly she did as she was told, slowly raising her skirt, revealing
even more of her shapely legs, her panties first coming into sight, higher and
higher until she now held it up high above her waist.
      
       "Turn slowly, so we may see your ass," Michael ordered Rachel.
      
       Rachel slowly spun around on the table, showing her pert ass to Michael
and Stephen.
      
       "Now strip it from your body, we want to see you in your panties and bra,
but leave your socks and sneakers.  You look very sexy that way and it has a
tendency to humiliate you more if you are still partially clothed," Michael and
Stephen watching as Rachel was forced to humiliate herself further.
      
       Rachel spun her skirt around, unbuttons the button and pulled the zipper
down, letting it fall to the table.  She kicked it off the table.
      
       "You are being a good girl, do you like displaying yourself like this to
us, can you feel your pussy getting wet?"
      
       Rachel turned red in embarrassment.  "No, I don't like this, being forced
to be naked in front of you.  I wish it was over."
      
       "This is only the beginning Rachel, even after today's examination, we
will force you to get naked in front of others.  Part of your training will
involve you being humiliated and forcing you to perform against your will.  Now
I want you to remove your bra and get back into position thrusting your breasts
out again."  Michael watched Stephen, knowing that he would be getting the first
view of Rachel's youthful breasts, knowing that he will be pleased. 
      
       Rachel moved her hands behind her back, grasping the bra strap and
unsnapping it.  She could feel the tension release in her bra, her breasts
struggling to free themselves from their containment.  In seconds, Stephen would
get his first glimpse of her breasts.  She let the shoulder straps slide down
her arms, the bra falling to the floor.  Rachel linked her fingers behind her
neck, her elbows pointing to the side, her breast riding high and tall on her
chest, her nipples pointing straight ahead, hard and erect from the cool air of
the room.
      
       Stephen was pleased with Rachel's breasts.  They were just like her
Mother's when she was young.  Rachel's breasts were large for her size, with
dark nipples and areolas.  They were made to be abused and he would enjoy them
very much.  He could imagine clamps attached to her erect nipples, pinching
tightly, or her breasts tied tightly with rope, the blood rushing to her
nipples.
      
       "Rub and pinch your nipples until they become hard," Stephen ordered
Rachel.
      
       "Don't make me do that in front of you," tears forming in her eyes,
realizing that they were going to make her stimulate her own body and probably
force her to masturbate for them.
      
       "You now have one punishment coming to you, do not add to it.  I told you
that you must obey without question, now do as Stephen says," Michael snapped at
Rachel.
      
       Rachel's fingers went quickly to her nipples, running them over the tips,
making them become hard and erect.  She had displeased Michael and she knew that
the last time she showed any reluctance she was spanked like a little girl.  Now
she would have to wait for punishment again.  She pulled and twisted them,
forcing gasps from her lips, doing anything to please Michael and avoid any
further punishment.
      
       "That is much better, but you will still receive your punishment later. 
Now continue and remove your panties.  Slowly lower them down and she us your
pussy.  When they are off, kick them off the table and spread your legs open."
      
       Her panties slid down her flanks as Rachel complied with Michael's
wishes, baring her pussy to both of them.  Her humiliation would soon be
complete, forced to strip naked, standing bare, high above them on a table, to
be displayed for their pleasure.  The panties formed a puddle at her feet and
she kicked them to the floor and spread her legs, posing for them.
      
       "Spread your legs further apart and push your pussy forward.  I want you
spread for us," watching as Rachel performed for Michael.
      
       Rachel complied, forcing her hips forward and spreading her legs open
more, her pussy lips opening for them to see.  She could feel the moisture
between her legs and hoped they did not notice that she was getting wet from
stripping for them.
      
       Stephen stared directly at Rachel's spread pussy, detecting that she was
beginning to get wet from the humiliation that they were subjecting her to.  He
was pleased with this, as he enjoyed forcing his charges to cum as he
manipulated their untrained bodies against their wishes.
      
       "We want to inspect you pussy further," rising from the chair as he and
Stephen pulled the other table next to the one Rachel was standing on.  "Put one
foot on this table and the other one leave on that table.  We are going to
separate the tables. Do not move your feet, let us separate you legs."
      
       Rachel cringed as the tables were separated, forcing her legs further and
further apart, her pussy spreading open.  "Please, no more, Sir," pleading as
she was spread open.  Michael stopped moving the table, her legs now spread over
four feet apart.
      
       Michael and Stephen stepped between the tables and because of the height
of the table, they could stare between her spread legs, straight up into her
spread pussy from beneath.  Rachel cringed as she felt first Michael, than
Stephen run a hand along her thighs, moving toward her pussy.  Their fingers met
at her pussy, sliding along her pussy lips, each drawing a lip back, exposing
her pussy to their upward glance.
      
       "You have a very lovely pussy, Rachel," Michael's fingers manipulating
her spread pussy, feeling the wetness forming from her humiliation she was
suffering.  His fingers took the moisture from her pussy and ran his fingers up
between her legs, toward her anus, peeking from between her spread cheeks. 
"Stand very still, do not force me to punish you anymore." Michael commanded
Rachel as his fingers reached between her cheeks, looking for the defenseless
anus.  Meanwhile, Stephen continued to masturbate her spread pussy, his fingers
beginning to push inside her pussy while his other finger sought her clit,
pulling back the hood over her clit and began to pull and pinch her exposed
clit, forcing the pea sized clit to harden. 
      
       Michael's finger sought and found her anus, spreading her moisture over
it, her body tense, knowing that Michael would not be content with just rubbing
her anus, but would force his fingers inside her. Rachel had never had anything
pushed inside her rectum before and feared what they planned to do to her anus
the most.  Rachel grunted in pain as Michael's thick finger pushed into her
virgin anus, stretching her open. 
      
       Rachel's hips began to move as Michael and Stephen masturbated her.  Her
hips began to rotate, forced forward by Michael's insistent finger in her
asshole than back again as Stephen pinched her clit roughly, forcing her asshole
to push back on the finger imbedded in her rectum.
      
       "Can you cum for us, Rachel?" Stephen teased, "keep getting wet and we
will force you to cum," his fingers continuing the forced masturbation of
Rachel.
      
       "No, I don't want to, don't force me to cum," Rachel trying to stop her
impending orgasm, her body betraying her.  "OOWWW," she cried as Michael forced
his finger into her rectum in a particularly brutal thrust in her anal tract. 
Stephen grabbed her clit, twisting and pulling it from her body, his fingers
punishing her pussy, pulling her lips and cunt hair, forcing pain into Rachel's
naked body.  "AAAAHHHH, please, AAAAGGGGG, I'mmmmmm cummmmminnggg, you bastards,
her body orgasming from the forced masturbation, spread high on the table,
fingers pushed deep into her body, forcing her to body to respond unnaturally to
the pain and the pleasure.
      
       Stephen felt Rachel's pussy grab at his fingers as she began to cum on
his fingers, her juices running freely.  Michael felt her pussy spasm from her
orgasm, her asshole tugging tightly on his fingers pushed deep into her rectum.
      
       Rachel almost fell off the table as her orgasm overcame her body. 
Michael helped her down from the table, his body hugging her naked body tightly
to his, shivers running through her as she tried to recover.  His hands
continued to roam over her body as he held her.
      
       "Now that you have had your pleasure, it is time for your examination. 
We need to step into the next room to get you ready," Michael pushing Rachel
toward one of the closed doors.
      
       Stephen opened the door and Rachel gasped in shock at what she saw.  In
the center of the room was a large, waist high metal table.  The base of the
table had many drains and was sloped so that liquids would flow into the drains. 
Various hoses and plugs were placed around the table.
      
       "We will need to give you an enema to begin your inspection.  We are
going to be opening your anus and rectum with a speculum and we need to make
sure that you are internally clean."
      
       "I have never had an enema before, please don't do it to me, the
examination is bad enough, leave my poor butt alone," she begged, sobbing as to
the further humiliation she would be subjected to.
      
       "Be a big girl and I will help you up on the table.  I will be putting my
fingers deep into your rectum again and I don't want them covered in shit. You
might as well get used to it now, Stephen tells me he will enjoy subjecting you
to punishment enemas.  He will fill your insides with liquids and force you to
hold them for long periods of time.  During that time, he will also be fucking
you with his cock.  It will make you squeeze his cock very tight."  Michael and
Stephen helped Rachel onto the table, forcing her onto her hands and knees.
      
       Rachel cried as she was forced onto her hands and knees on the cold metal
table.  Their hands roamed over her body as she was posed into the position they
desired.  Stephen grasped her head, forcing it up into the air, staring straight
ahead.  A mirror had been placed so that Rachel could see what was happening
behind her.  "Up higher," Stephen's hands pushing up on her breasts, forcing her
to rise up on her hands higher.  Behind her, she could see Michael's reflection
in the mirror and he began to manipulate her lower body.  She felt his hands run
over her naked ass, caressing them gently, but Rachel remembered yesterday when
her ass received his brutal spanking and suspected that it would again be where
he would punish her.  His hands pushed between her spread thighs, forcing them
open more, allowing him access to her spread pussy and ass.  He pushed up on her
pussy, forcing her body up higher, arching her back, pushing out on her ass,
opening up her body.  Her tears ran down her cheeks on she saw her reflection in
the mirror.  She was on her hands and knees, her lower body raised up high, her
ass back and open, spread wide.  An eighteen-old should not have to be subjected
to this humiliation.
      
       Stephen ran his fingers over her face, wiping the tears from her cheeks
as his fingers sought out her features.  He pushed his finger into her mouth,
running it over her lips.  "MMMMMM," mumbled as Stephen had his way with her
mouth, his fingers searching deeper, running along her cheeks and back toward
her throat.  "Relax your throat, I am going to put a finger down your throat. 
It will make you gag, but try to accept it."
      
       "AAAAGGGGG, GGGUUULLPP,' cried Rachel, her stomach beginning to turn and
revolt against the finger pushed into her throat.  She could feel the finger
pushing deeper into her throat, her gag muscles grasping it tightly as her
stomach churned from the punishment. 
      
       Stephen removed his finger from her mouth, Rachel gasping for air, her
wrenching beginning to stop.  "Very good, Michael will soon be teaching you to
take things bigger than my finger into your throat."
      
       Rachel saw Michael pull a cart behind her, filled with various
instruments she knew she would not like.  The most formidable was a very large
clear plastic tube, tipped with a large nozzle and the other end having a push
mechanism on it. 
      
       "I want you to relax now Rachel.  There is nothing you can do to prevent
what we are going to do to you, so it will be a little easier if you don't fight
it.  I am going to lubricate your asshole now so the enema tube will slide in
you easier.  As you noticed, it is very big and you will have to stretch to take
it all in.  The lubricating will help a little, but it will cause you
considerable pain."  She saw Michael reach for the Vaseline and rub it over his
fingers and also put a large chunk on the end of his fingers.  "Will you help me
keep Rachel's ass open, Stephen?  Reach back and spread her cheeks open wide and
keep them like that.  She will try to fight you, so if necessary, a sharp spank
on her ass should stop any further movement."
      
       Rachel felt Stephen spread her cheeks open until she began to feel pain
from the spread position, forcing her anus to begin to open.  The cold Vaseline
was slowly spread over her anus as Michael began to open her up again.  His
finger began to push on her anus, the Vaseline allowing it to slip suddenly into
her anus, stretching it open to receive the thick finger again.  "AAAGGGGG,"
cried Rachel, moving to escape the ravishment of her virgin asshole. 
"SSSLLLAAAPPP, Stephen struck her ass hard, pain rushing into Rachel's head as
the pain registered.
      
       "Back into position, that's another punishment for you," shouted Michael
at Rachel.  She quickly pushed back into position, raising up and pushing her
ass back, forcing her asshole to take Michael's finger deeper into her rectum.
      
         "AAAGGGgh, she moaned, her asshole spreading open to accept the finger. 
She could feel the finger pushing into her rectum, spreading the Vaseline over
her anal tract, lubricating her so that Michael would be able to force the enema
tube deep into her body, preparing her the awful enema.  The finger twisted and
turned in her body.
      
       "Can you feel Michael's finger opening up your asshole?  Soon you will
learn to take a cock in your asshole and massage it as I fuck you.  I enjoy a
nice tight asshole and Michael will train you to pleasure my cock with your
asshole," Stephen whispered in her ear as Michael continued to lubricate her
asshole.  His finger moved out, allowing her anus to close, than forced itself
back in again, forcing a gasp from Rachel as her anus again had to open wide. 
It pushed in deep and than pulled out again.  This time two fingers were roughly
pushed into her anus, forcing it to open.
      
       "OOOOWWWW, that hurts, you are opening me too wide, please, do it
gently," she begged, gasping in pain as her asshole was stretched open.  She
could feel Michael's two fingers deep into her asshole.  When it hit bottom,
they spread out, forcing her rectum to stretch further than it ever had or
should.  "OOOOGGGGoooodddd, that hurts so bad."
      
       Stephen stroked her face, pushing her head up so she had to look into the
mirror, seeing Michael behind her stroking his finger deep into her asshole. 
She watched his expression of lust on his face as he fingered this eighteen-year
old beauty, submitting herself to become a sex slave.
      
       The fingers left her asshole, feeling remotely vacant as her anus clamped
down on the finger as it was withdrawn.  Stephen again began to whisper in her
ear.  She could see Michael preparing for her enema.  "Michael is going to fill
the enema tube with a mixture of hot water and soap.  You will notice we are not
giving you an enema with an enema bag.  With the tube, the liquid will be forced
into your colon very rapidly.  Michael will than push his finger into your anus
again, stopping you from releasing the fluids.  You are to tighten up your
asshole.  You will be punished severely if you allow the fluids to come out
until we give you permission.  You must hold the liquid for twenty minutes. 
Your stomach will begin to cramp, but you must accept it."
      
       Michael placed the enema tube into a bowl of hot, soapy water.  He pulled
the plunger back and the tube began to fill until the plunger was totally
extended.  Rachel watched as Michael spread more Vaseline on the nozzle of the
tube and spread it back to the base.  When inserted in her anus, it will reach
over four inches into her rectum.
      
       "Stephen, please spread Rachel open for me again."  Stephen pushed
Rachel's head lower onto the table, forcing her ass to rise, allowing them
access to her defenseless anus.  His hands spread her cheeks again until she
moaned in pain.  She was determined this time to stay perfectly still and accept
her enema.  She did not want to be punished anymore than she was already going
to be.
      
       Rachel felt the nozzle of the enema tube against her anus and braced for
the enema rape of her asshole.  Michael pushed in, forcing her anus to open as
more and more of the nozzle was pushed in, spreading her open, tearing her anal
tract as it bore deep into her body.  Rachel's body trembled in pain as she was
forced to open to the cruel impalement of her anus.  "OOOHHHH GGOOODDD, that
hurts, please take it out."  Stephen held her open as Michael continued to bore
the enema tube into her body. 
      
       Stephen released her cheeks, her asshole spread tightly around the enema
nozzle.  "Now relax, Michael is going to force the liquid in you," his hands
stroking her face as she was an animal that he was trying to calm down.
      
       "AAAAGGGGHHHH," screamed Rachel, the hot water rushing deep into her
rectum and spreading quickly into her colon, filling her.  Her stomach began to
distend from the large quantity of water forced into her. 
      
       Michael pulled the enema nozzle from her asshole and quickly pushed his
finger deep into her anus, impaling her on it.  A second one joined the first,
opening her up.  "Tighten up, do not allow the liquid out," he ordered.  Rachel
clamped down on the fingers, sealing the fluids deep in her body.  Michael began
to push his fingers in and out of her rectum, massaging her anal tract as she
bore down tightly on them.  Stephen began to rub his hands under her stomach,
forcing the liquids higher into her body, the cramps beginning. 
      
       "That hurts," her body shuddering as a cramp deep in her stomach overcame
her.  Stephen continued to massage her, forcing more cramps as Michael continued
to ravish her anus with this fingers.  This continued for long minutes, the
cramps coming every minute now, the fingers stretching her open, forcing Rachel
to tighten harder on them.  A small amount of liquid ran out of her anus,
running down her thighs as she continued to suffer.  Stephen pulled her up
higher, Rachel trying to bend over further to prevent the cramps. 
      
       "Only one minute left, Rachel, tighten up and hold it," Michael said.
      
        "Where is the bathroom?" asked Rachel, hoping to run as fast as she
could to empty the cruel enema.
      
       "You will stay on the table.  When I release my fingers from your
asshole, you may let it out.  After you expel it all, I will clean you up, but
you are to remain in position."  Rachel cringed in embarrassment.  She was going
to be forced to shit out the enema in front of them, all over herself. 
      
       Michael pulled his fingers from Rachel's gripping anus.  Stephen and
Michael stood to the side of Rachel, rubbing their hands over her hips, raising
her ass up, waiting to see her shit herself.  They heard Rachel groan and than
fart and the enema began to shoot from her anus over two feet out, splashing all
over the table.  They watched as her anus opened to allow the large quantity of
liquid expels from her body.  They saw her anus close quickly, the liquid still
leaking from her anus.  Michael reached down and pushed his finger in her anus
again, forcing it open again.  He removed it quickly, waiting for the second
barrage of shit to shoot out.  "Push out the liquid again, shit it out." 
      
       Rachel pushed again, forcing a slow trickle of shit covered water to be
expelled from her anus.  As she groaned, another fart pushed out and a small
semi-soft turd also was expelled.  Michael's fingers returned to her asshole,
pushing deep into her again.  She was looser now that she had received the
enema. 
      
       "Once more, push with your asshole very hard and get all of the liquid
out." 
      
       Rachel groaned as she was again forced to push, her asshole opening for
them to see, a second barrage of water shooting from her asshole, running down
her thighs.  Tears were running down her face as she suffered the humiliation of
shitting on herself in front of Michael and Stephen.  She just wished it were
over.  At least the cramps had stopped, soon she would be allowed off the table.   
      
       Michael's hands stroked her naked ass, rubbing her cheeks, whispering in
her ear, "that's a good girl, you are doing a good job, soon your ass will be
clean for us."  Michael picked up a hose from the side of the table and turned
it slow, warm water running out onto the table.
      
       Stephen raised his hands under Rachel's stomach, forcing her up high
again. "Stay still while Michael cleans you up.  You are being a very good
girl."
      
       Michael ran the hose over her cheeks and back, the warm water washing the
shit from her body.  His hands continued to caress her, pushing the water over
her body, cleaning her as she stayed kneeling on the metal table, her ass pushed
high, her legs spread. 
      
       Rachel could feel the warm water running down her body, soothing her as
Michael's gentle hands caressed her body, his fingers running down the slit in
her ass, massaging her anus, now tender from the forced enema.  His fingers
pushed lower, rubbing her pussy, spreading her pussy lips open.  Rachel began to
feel pleasure from the caresses after the humiliation and pain of the enema. 
      
       Michael picked up a soft towel and wiped the remaining water from
Rachel's body.
      
       "May I get down now?" Rachel was finally relieved at least that part was
over.  She knew that she would be subject to enemas in the future, but chose to
put that thought out of her mind for now.
      
       "You will have to receive another enema first.  We want you clean.  When
the water coming out is clear, we will proceed with the examination.  Until that
time you will continue receiving more enemas.  This time we will double the size
of the liquid that you will be required to hold.  In addition Stephen will
administer the enema and will push his finger into your anus.  He will be able
to feel how tight you squeeze his finger.  Now get back into position, you ass
raised high, legs spread wide."  Michael reached for the enema tube and handed
it to Stephen.
      
       Rachel began to cry hysterically now.  The humiliation would begin again. 
The pain from the cramps would be worse, with twice the amount of water forced
brutally into her colon. 
      
       Michael stoked her face as he raised her body high again, spreading
Rachel open for Stephen to begin the forced enema. 
      
       Rachel watched as Stephen filled the large enema tube again from the bowl
of warm water.  He rubbed Vaseline on the end, ready to push it deep into
Rachel.  His other hand spread her cheek, opening her defenseless anus to the
large enema nozzle.  Her body shook as the nozzle was pushed against her anus,
forcing it to open, already loosened up by the prior enema.  Stephen pushed on
the nozzle, forcing it deeper into her anus, entering her rectum, spreading her
open as it pushed deep into her body.  "AAAGGGGHHH," she moaned, as her asshole
was again forced open.  Soon the liquid would be forced into her colon, the
cramps beginning again.  This time it would be worse with double the amount of
water pushed into her body.
      
       "Are you ready Rachel," Stephen asked as he pushed the enema plunger in,
forcing the liquid to shoot into her body.  Rachel moaned in pain as her colon
was suddenly forced to accept the large amount of water shooting into her. 
Stephen pushed the plunger in to the end.  Michael was ready with his finger,
pushing into Rachel's anus, forcing her to tighten up on it to prevent the water
from running out. 
      
       Rachel watched as Stephen filled the enema tube again.  Her stomach was
making loud noises as she was forced to hold the water in.  Michael pulled his
finger from her anus as Stephen force the enema nozzle into her anus again.  He
pushed it in deep, holding it while he felt Rachel tremble in pain and
apprehension.
      
       "This is going to hurt more.  It is a large amount of water and it will
cramp your stomach."  Stephen forced the enema plunger, forcing the water to
shoot into her colon again.  He removed the nozzle for her asshole and quickly
forced two fingers into her anus, spreading her wide again, forcing her to hold
the enema.  "Tighten up, don't spill any, I want to feel how tight your asshole
can squeeze my fingers." 
      
       Rachel though her stomach would burst from the large amount of water that
Stephen had forced into her asshole.  Michael began to massage her stomach
making the cramps worse as it pushed the water inside her.  She obeyed Stephen
and grasped his fingers with her clenching anus, squeezing tight.  Michael
pushed her up higher as she tried to escape the cramps overtaking her body.
      
       "You are being a good girl, hold it for five more minutes and than you
can release it."
      
       Rachel cried, "it hurts so bad, please let me shit it out."
      
       "Not yet, soon, we must make sure you are clean or its another enema for
you, this one will be three tubes."  Stephen pushed another finger into her
anus, now three fingers stretching her open, her sphincter muscles relaxing from
the forced enemas.  He felt her tighten again.  He could not wait until his cock
would be forced into her anus, making her tighten her ass, pleasuring him. 
      
       Rachel tried to crunch her body, the cramps forcing gasps of pain, but
Michael kept her ass raised high and spread, allowing Stephen unfettered access
to her anus.  His fingers twisted deep into her rectum.  "OOOOGGGGoOOOODDDD, it
hurts, please, no more," she cried in pain.  Stephen could feel Rachel tighten
on his fingers as each cramp rippled through her body.  He would have to try and
fuck her in the ass while making her hold a very large enema when he took
possession of her. The ripples of pain from the cramps would massage his cock.
      
       "Get ready, Rachel, I am going to release my fingers.  You are doing a
very good job obeying our commands.  Shit out the enema now."
      
       Rachel felt the fingers leave her anus.  Her asshole quickly opened wide
and the first large barrage of shitty water shot from her asshole, shooting over
two feet, spraying the table and some landing on the floor behind her.  Stephen
and Michael's hands continued to caress her body, holding her up as she
continued to fart and shit out the contents of the enema.
      
       "Open up again and shit out the rest," Stephen's fingers returning to her
anus, pushing in again, forcing her open.  As his fingers left, Rachel pushed
out and the next batch of shitty water shot out, this time almost clear.  After
two enemas and three enema tubes of water, she was finally clean. 
      
       Stephen watched as Rachel's anus clamped shut tight, now red from the
irritation of the forced enemas.  Stephen began to hose Rachel down, washing the
remaining of the shitty water from her body.  Michael handed him a towel and
proceeded to dry her.  Stephen helped her from the table, having to support her
body as the enema had drained the strength from her body.
      
       Rachel was finally able to stand on her own accord.  She stood to the
side of Stephen and Michael. 
      
       "You have done very good. Now I want you to show us your body.  Turn with
your ass to us, spread your legs and reach back and spread the cheeks of your
ass.  We want to see your anus," Michael ordering Rachel to humiliate herself to
them.
      
       Rachel turned her back to them, at least she did not have to watch as
they stared at her most intimate opening spread open for them.  She spread her
legs and began to bend over.  As she bent over, she reached back and her hands
grasped her cheeks of her ass, pulling them open, feeling the cool air from the
room on her defenseless anus.
      
       "Spread your legs further, we want to see your pussy also.  Pull your
cheeks open wider until it hurts.  I want to see your anus open."  Michael and
Stephen watched as Rachel performed for them.  She was going to become an
excellent sex slave for Stephen and Michael was going to enjoy teaching her the
various perversions she would be expected to perform.
      
       Tears began to fall from Rachel's eyes again, as she was forced spread
herself open even further.  She heard a click and a flash and knew they were
taking more obscene pictures of her.
      
       "Look back, I want to get your face in the picture of your asshole,"
Michael ordering.  Rachel complied, tears running down her face, forced to
reveal her asshole to the camera.  Michael took two more pictures.
      
       "You may stand up straight for a second.  Put your finger in the Vaseline
that Stephen has and spread it all over your middle and index finger."
      
       Rachel rubbed the Vaseline on her fingers, knowing that they intended to
her to push them into her own anus.  She was beginning to understand and expect
the humiliation that they were going to inflict on her.  It was going to be long
three years and she would have to learn some very hard lessons. 
      
       "Very good Rachel, you are obeying well.  Continue and your punishment at
the end will not be very harsh.  Now I want you to again to bend over and spread
yourself open.  This time I want you to push your middle finger into your anus
and continue pushing until your knuckles hit your cheeks.  I want it in deep,"
Michael watching as Rachel's finger began to push against her anus.  Her anus
slowly spreading wider, grasping tightly to the finger as it bore down into her
rectum.
      
       "AAAAGGGGHHH," moaned Rachel, as her virgin anus was again forced open.
      
       "Two fingers now, open your asshole up wider."  Michael and Stephen
watched as Rachel pushed two fingers into her anus, opening wide to accept them. 
"Fuck them in and out, we want to see your anus accept your fingering."  Rachel
complied, her fingers pushing in and out, her anus forced to stretch wide as her
fingers went in deeper.  She moaned as she was forced to finger-fuck her own
asshole as they watched her.  "Very good, Rachel, you are doing a very good job. 
It is now time for the examination.  We will go into the next room for your
examination.  Please proceed into the other room."  Michael and Stephen pushed
Rachel toward the door in the back of the room.
      
(To be Continued)




Boarding School Sex Training-Chapter Three

	Stephen and Michael followed Rachel as she walked naked into the next
room.  She was determined to follow through with her decision to submit to their
demands and had already suffered indignities of stripping naked in front of them
and three enemas'.  Her heart sank lower when she saw the glistening, stainless
steel gynecologist table in the center of the room.   She saw the stirrups,
straps attached to them and realized that she would be soon attached to them,
spread open for them to inspect her again.   Next to it stood another table, the
top holding various speculums and Vaseline

	She cringed at the thought of what they intended to inflict on her, but
continued to walk toward the table.

	"Now hop up on the table, Rachel, lay back and place your feet in the
stirrups and we will continue with our examination.  We are going to open up
your pussy and your asshole with the speculums so we can do an internal exam,"
Michael ordered, watching as Rachel began to get on the table.

	Rachel felt the cold metal against her ass as she obeyed, sitting on the
edge of the table facing them, her legs closed.  Stephen stood next to her and
placed his hands on her shoulders.

	"Now lay back, Rachel," his hands gently pushing down on her shoulders,
pushing her horizontal onto the sterile table.  "Scoot back, head on the
pillow." 

	Rachel pushed back with her feet, scooting back toward the head of the
table.  Stephen's hands grabbed her wrists and pulled them over her head, toward
the corners of the table.  She turned to look over her shoulder just as Stephen
pulled a leather strap from the corner of the table and began to attach it
tightly to her wrists.

	"What are you doing, why are you tying me up?

	"You will have to get used to being bound.  Stephen tells me he will
certainly enjoy putting your body in various bondage positions, so you may as
well get used to it."  Michael watched as Stephen moved to the other side, again
securing her wrist to the other corner. He pulled it tight, the straps biting
tightly into her wrists.  Rachel wrists were now bound tightly to the top of the
table.

	Rachel felt Michael's hands on her ankles, pulling them out, stretching
her body.  He stood at the foot of the table, staring straight up Rachel's naked
body, her legs closed.  "Now don't be so modest, my dear Rachel, you have a
delicious looking pussy" his hands grabbing her left ankle and pulling it over
to the stirrup, her legs spreading, her pussy opening up to his stare.  He
pulled her leg up and placed it high into the stirrup.  She again felt leather
straps attach to her body, this time to her ankles.  He tightened the strap,
securing her legs to the stirrup.  Her right ankle was next, her pussy lips
separating as Michael spread her open, her leg pulled up high onto the stirrup. 
The straps were attached to her right ankle, effectively preventing her from
stopping them from doing anything to her body as she was now bound tightly hands
and legs, spread open.
	
	Michael and Stephen stared at their victim.  Rachel's body was pulled
tightly and spread open.  Her pussy lips spread open, glistening with her pussy
juices.  Her breasts stood up, the nipples hard and erect.  "You seem to be
exciting by our bondage of your body, Rachel, are you really a bondage slut?"

	Rachel did not understand her body.  Here she was helpless, naked and
spread open and she could feel her body getting excited.  She wished someone
would touch her vagina, it felt so wet.  "Please, please," she begged, not sure
what she was begging for them to do.
	
	Stephen moved over Rachel's body, reaching for her breasts.  Rachel
arched her back, pushing her breasts out, hoping he would touch her nipples. 
She could feel that they were super sensitive, aching for fingers to pluck at
them. 
	
	"Do you want me to touch your nipples, Rachel, if you do, you must ask
me nicely," Stephen asked Rachel.
	
	"Please, touch them, please," she moaned, the degradation of making her
beg exciting her more.  They were humiliating her, forcing her to beg them to do
awful things to her body.
	
	Stephen's fingers plucked at her nipples, grabbing them tightly and
squeezing them.  He wanted her to feel the pain before the pleasure.  She would
have to learn to accept whatever he desired to do to her, whether she would feel
the pleasure or not.   Her only purpose was to pleasure him, and if that meant
she would receive pain, she would have to accept it.  He tightened his grip on
the delicate nipple and could feel Rachel's body react to the brutal pinching.
	
	"No, notttt soo hard, please, not harrrdd," Rachel begged.  She had
hoped for a delicate caress on her breasts and nipples, not the brutal pinching
that she was experiencing. Her back arched up, hoping to relieve some of the
pain, but looked like she was offering her breasts for more punishment.  She
could feel Stephen pulling on her nipples, stretching out her breasts, twisting
the nipples while keeping them clamped tightly in his fingers.
	
	"You excite me when you beg, Rachel, I like to see you suffer in pain. 
You must learn accept whatever I want to do to you as it brings pleasure to me. 
Your only purpose will be to pleasure me."  Stephen loosened his grip on
Rachel's nipples, his hands now running over her breasts, grabbing her tit flesh
in his hand and squeezing it.
	
	"I will do whatever you want, but please don't hurt me," she cried.  She
sighed a bit of relief as his fingers now were only squeezing her breast flesh,
not the brutal pinching of her nipples.  Her nipples were still rock hard, the
pinching painful, but still exciting her further.
	
	"Step to this end of the table and we will proceed with the examination
of Rachel's pussy." Stephen moved to the other end, now both of them were
standing between Rachel's wide spread legs, her pussy spread wide.  "You have a
very beautiful pussy, Rachel.  Your pussy lips spread nicely with your legs up
high."  Michael's hands ran up Rachel's thighs, her body trembling as they moved
closer to her vagina.  He could see her pussy juices glistening on her spread
lips.  She was enjoying this no matter how much she complained.
	
	Rachel could feel Michael's fingers move up until he reached her pussy. 
He grasped her pussy lips and began to spread them open wider.  Rachel could
feel the cool air brush over her wet pussy.  Michael pulled them open wider, it
starting to hurt as he spread them too wide.  Rachel did not say anything, just
moaning in pain.  She knew that it would do no good to complain.  She had
already been told that she would have to service their every whim, whether pain
or pleasure.
	
	"Rachel will service you well, Stephen.  Look how she lubricates with
very little stimulation.  Masturbate her."  Stephen began to run his fingers
between her spread pussy lips, Michael holding her open for him.  His finger
moved from the bottom of her slit until he reached her clit.  He pulled back her
clit hood and grasped her clit.  It was already hard and erect. 
	
	Rachel's body shook as Stephen rubbed her clit.  She could feel her
pussy juice begin to run down her thigh.  "Oh God, please," she cried as her
body began to betray her.  She could feel the hands down below, holding her lips
open and openly masturbating her while she was bound and spread.
	
	Stephen's fingers began to get soaked in Rachel's pussy juice as one
finger continued to pinch and pull at her clit.  It was now pea-size, hard and
erect.  His other finger was pushing along her slit, all the way down, gently
rubbing over her pussy opening, circling it with his finger, beginning to open
her. 
	
	Rachel tried to push her pussy up, trying to reach the fingers that were
masturbating her.  It felt so good, her body searching for an orgasm.  She could
see Michael and Stephen starting down at her naked body, forcing her to accept
the masturbation.  "Please, harder, make me cum," she begged, her hips rising
higher.
	
	Stephen suddenly pulled his fingers from her body and Michael released
her pussy lips.  "Not yet, Rachel, but soon," Michael said, "soon."  Michael
picked up the speculum on the table.  "No need for Vaseline, I bet your pussy is
soaking wet by now.  Help me spread her open, Stephen."
	
	Rachel again felt fingers on her pussy, relieved, hoping they will make
her cum.  Her lips were pulled open again and she watched as Michael took the
speculum and began to move it toward her spread pussy.  She felt the cold
instrument push against her vagina.  Her vagina began to spread open, the
sterile instrument forcing itself into her, pushing further and further into her
spread body. 
	
	Stephen watched as Michael pushed the speculum into her pussy, her body
forced to accept the instrument.  Rachel gasped in pain as she was forced to
open, her body beginning to jerk around on the table, to escape the instrument. 
"Too big, don't put it into me, please," she begged.  But Michael continued to
push the speculum into her spread pussy.
	
	"Relax, soon you will have bigger things than the speculum in that tight
pussy, so you are going to have to learn to take them."  Michael put pressure on
the speculum and pushed into Rachel's pussy, her gasping in pain as it was
forcibly pushed into her.  With one final push, Michael managed to get the
speculum fully into Rachel's pussy.  Michael and Stephen both stared at Rachel's
pussy, now fully grasping the metal speculum sticking out, ready to open her up
for their inspection.
	
	Rachel felt so full with the speculum forced into her virgin pussy. 
While she had lost her hymen, she was still techically a virgin.  She had never
had a cock in her pussy before, but she knew that would be soon taken from her. 
She could feel Michael or Stephen lightly tapping at the speculum, the touch
magnifying in her stretched vagina. Rachel heard Michael say, "relax, we are
going to open the speculum so we may inspect inside your pussy."  She felt
fingers opening the speculum, the sides expanding her pussy walls, forcing them
open.  "OOOOHHH, plllleeeasse, don't," the pain beginning to spread as Michael
continued to open the speculum.  "AAAHH, AAAHHH," her breathing becoming rapid
as the pain in her pussy increased.  Rachel gasped as Michael had finally
expanded the speculum, her pussy now spread wide.
	
	"Look at that beautiful pussy pulled tightly over the speculum." 
Michael shined a light inside her spread pussy, her most intimate region now
exposed to the two men.  Michael picked up a long Q-tip from the table and
inserted it into Rachel's pussy, forcing it deep until it pushed against her
cervix.  He began to rub it around inside her pussy and could feel her body
begin to react to the strange sensation.
	
	They were beginning to torment her again.  Rachel could feel something
soft rubbing inside her vagina.  It felt good.  Her hips began to rotate, hoping
to intensify the feeling. She still needed to cum, badly. 
	
	"I see our little whore is getting wet again.  We will let you cum, but
not until we open up your asshole."  Michael pulled the Q-Tip out of her pussy. 
He began to close the speculum and heard the sigh of relief from Rachel as his
pussy was allowed to shrink back down to size.  "She is going to be a great
fuck, Stephen, her pussy is so tight it will strangle your cock."  Michael
pulled the speculum from her pussy, watching as her pussy gaped over for a
minute before shrinking back down to its small size.  'Raise the stirrups
higher, we need better access to her asshole."
	
	Rachel felt Stephen begin to push the stirrups higher, her ass rising
from the table.  She knew that her anus was now visible, her ass cheeks already
spread from the position she was bound in.  Her anus was defenseless, ready but
not willing to accept the speculum that they intended to force into her asshole. 
She had never had anything bigger than a thermometer in her anus, but she knew
that the speculum was going to open her bigger than anything that had ever
pushed out her anus.
	
	"Look at that tiny anus.  I am going to have to stretch her open
gradually before she will be able to accept my cock.  I think we will start with
a small butt plug and every other day I will increase the size.  I will force
her to wear it all night.  By time she is ready for you I will have taught her
the proper way to fuck you with her asshole.  She will squeeze your cock to a
great orgasm."
	
	Rachel could not believe what she was hearing.  Michael was talking
about forcing her to put wear a butt plug up her bottom every night and teaching
her to fuck him with her asshole.  It sounded so filthy, putting his penis up
her bottom and forcing her to pleasure him until he had an orgasm in her.
	
	The sound of the lid on the Vaseline being opened brought her back to
reality.  She saw Michael rub some on his index finger and she felt the cold
jelly rub against her anus.  She shivered in fear as she felt the finger push
against her anus.  "AAAGGGGHHH," she yelled as Michael forcefully pushed his
finger deep into her anus, going into her rectum and forcing her anal tract open
in one forceful plunge.
	
	"Just to show you that everything is not enjoyable."  He pushed his
finger in deeper, twisting it in her anal tract.  He could feel her tighten on
the finger, attempting to escape the cruel ravishment of her asshole.  "That's
good, do it again, tighten on my finger," his finger twisted in her rectum
again.
	
	Rachel cringed in pain as the finger scratched along her anal tract. 
Her asshole tightened as a reflex to the finger.  He wanted her to do it again. 
The finger scratched her again.  She tightened on the finger, anything to stop
the cruel finger in her ass.
	
	"You're asshole is going to be a great fuck with a little training,
Rachel.  Lets spread it open and see inside."  Michael picked up the smaller
speculum and greased it up. 
	
	Rachel tightened up her asshole as felt the greased speculum run over
her anus.  Michael paused a second before beginning to push it into her anus,
stretching it open.  She felt her anus open more than it ever had to before, it
felt like it was going to tear.  "OOOOWWWW, no deeperrrr," she cried.  Michael
continued to push it into her anus, now entering her rectum, forcing it to open. 
It stretched her open, relentless, as it continued to push in.
	
	Michael released the speculum, now held tightly in her asshole.  Stephen
watched as Rachel's asshole clung tightly to the speculum.  He reached down and
began to open it slowly, watching as her anus was forced to open even wider.  
"Relax your asshole and it will be less painful, you must learn," he ordered
her.
	
	"OOOHHH, tttoooo wiiiddeee," she cried, "please take it out, OOOOWWWW." 
She could feel her anus stretching wider and wider, and deeper inside her
rectum, the speculum opening her anal tract.  She was finally allowed to catch
her breath, the speculum now fully opened inside her.  She could feel the cool
air in the room blowing inside her exposed asshole.
	
	Michael produced the small light and they both peered into her exposed
and opened anus.  "You will soon feel what it is like to have a large cock
pushed into your asshole, Rachel.  Than I will enjoy the delicious feeling of it
fucking your hot and tight asshole until I cum deep into your colon, flooding it
with my hot cum."
	
	 Stephen released the speculum and slowly pulled it from Rachel's
asshole.  He watched as her anus grasped it tightly as it was pulled from her,
as if it did not want it to leave.
	
	The speculum pulling from her asshole felt strange to Rachel.  Her anus
clung to it tightly and the suction as it pulled from her body left her feeling
empty were she was previously full.  She wondered what it would feel like when
Michael pushed his cock into her asshole and would fuck her.  She was beginning
to get wet again. 
	
	She felt Stephen release her wrists from the straps.  She rubbed her
wrists, the circulation beginning to return.  Her legs were still tied tightly
to the stirrups.  "Are you going to release my legs?"
	
	"Not yet, I want you to masturbate for us until you cum.  Keep your eyes
open and stare at us.  We want to see you pleasure yourself," Michael stated.
	
	They intended to degrade her further, forcing her to masturbate in front
of them until she had an orgasm.  It would be humiliating, playing with herself. 
While she regularly masturbated, it would be extremely embarrassing to do it in
front of others.
	
	"Now, begin now," Stephens voice booming the order.
	
	Rachel moved her hand down to her vagina and began to peel back her
pussy lips, stroking her pussy slit.  She could feel her wetness, the excitement
of having to exhibit herself to them increasing her pleasure.  She ran her other
finger over clit, her eyes staring at Stephen.  She could see him gazing down at
her exposed vagina, her fingers busily masturbating herself to a climax.  Her
fingers moved faster, a groan of pleasure escaping from her lips.
	
	"Put a finger in your asshole before you cum," Michael ordered.
	
	She cringed from the statement, but she obeyed.  Her finger reached down
between her legs and searched out her anus.  Her finger found it and began to
push in, her anus still slick from the speculum.  She again felt the feeling of
her rectum being opened, this time it was her own finger.  Her other fingers
were continuing to masturbate her hard and erect clit.  Another finger found her
pussy and pushed inside.  She continued to fuck her pussy and asshole with her
own fingers, Michael and Stephen watching her body toss about on the table, her
legs still tied open.
	
	"Cum for us, Rachel, it is time to cum for us," Michael's voice breaking
her concentration.
	
	She speeded up the finger fucking of her pussy and asshole.  They had
ordered her to cum and she was determined to obey.  "OOOH, GGGoooddd, I
cuuummmiiinnngg," she cried, her eyes watching as her new Masters watched her
cum for them.  She pushed her fingers in her pussy and asshole deep and a second
cum overtook her body, her pussy and asshole tightening down on the fingers deep
in her body.  "AAAGGGGaaaiiin, OOOH  GGggODDD, I'm cumming again," her body
jerking on the table, the eyes watching as she had a second powerful orgasm. 
She finally sighed relief, her orgasms over her body.
	
	Stephen removed the straps holding her legs to the stirrups.  Rachel
closed her legs, her fingers still trapped in her pussy and turned onto her
side.
	
	"Stephen has to leave now, but he will return during your training to
see how you are progressing and to samples the delights your body has to offer. 
I want to see you in my office at three O'clock tomorrow to begin your training. 
You will learn how to masturbate my cock tomorrow and make me cum.  I want you
to move to the room next to my office.  That way I will have access to your body
at any time of the day and night.  You may now get dressed and leave.  I will
see you tomorrow."  Michael left the room with Stephen, leaving Rachel go get
off the table and get dressed. 
	
Chapter 4-Masturbating a Cock (To be Continued)




Chapter 4-Masturbating a Cock

	Rachel had thought about yesterday's examination.  She had never been so
humiliated and at the same time so excited.  She had been stripped naked and her
body intimately inspected by both Michael and Stephen. She thought about today,
what would be expected of her.  Michael told her to report at 9:00 P.M.  She
dressed in her usual schoolgirl outfit as instructed.

	Michael heard the knock on the door.  "Come in."  He watched as Rachel
entered the room, his cock beginning to stir as he saw her again.  He remembered
her naked body.  He was dressed only in a white robe, naked underneath it, his
cock beginning to harden.  Today Rachel would begin her sexual training and
today's lesson would be on how to masturbate his cock.  She would be forced to
make him cum. 

	Rachel was a little taken back by seeing Michael only in a robe.  She
knew that she was to begin sexual training today but this was the stark reality. 

	Michael pulled out from behind his desk and moved over toward the couch. 
"I think we will be more comfortable over her, please sit down next to me.  You
look very attractive today, Rachel.  Stand in front of me for a minute, I want
to see you."

	Rachel stood in front of Michael.  She could see his robe bulging out in
the front.  She was exciting him and she had not even done anything yet.  She
heard his voice tell her to stand tall and put her arms behind her neck. She
knew that he wanted her to stick her breasts out for him.  She complied, arching
her back, her breasts sticking out prominently.  She could feel her nipples
begin to harden.  Obeying Michael was making her excited.

	"Spread your legs." 

	Again, Rachel obeyed, spreading her legs wide as she had been taught. 
She could feel her pussy become wet.

	"You are a very sexy girl, Rachel.  Please turn around and bend over and
grab your ankles.  I want to see your ass."

	Rachel did as ordered, spreading her legs again and she felt her skirt
slide up as she lowered her head toward the floor.  The cool air of the room
rushed up her legs.  She knew that Michael could see the bottom of her panties,
her ass straining the silk material. 

	"Very good, you seem to enjoy showing your body off.  Is that correct,
Rachel?"

	Rachel turned around facing Michael.  His question embarrassed her. 
While it did excite her to submit to his commands, it was also humiliating.  She
no longer had control over her body.  Michael and Stephen could and would force
her to do anything they wished of her.  She was a virgin, but she knew that she
would not be for much longer.  Michael would take that from her.  She was to
become a sex slave for Stephen.  That would be her function in life for three
years.  "You humiliate me, but at the same time I get excited from it. I don't
understand what is happening to me."

	"That is good, you will soon learn that you are to be submissive to
Stephen and myself.  You must obey every command we give you and accept when we
decide to punish you.  Now, sit down beside me and we will begin."

	Rachel sat on the couch next to Michael and scooted so she was sideways,
facing him.  She gasped as Michael opened his robe and his cock sprang free. 
She had seen pictures of penises in books, but never anything like this.    They
were usually small and hanging loosely. Michael's had to be over ten-inches
longs and looked rock hard.  It had a large crown, at least two inches wide. 
Below it she could see his testicles, large and swollen.

	"This is a penis, but I want you to begin to call it a cock.  It is
important that you begin to use the names we give you.  It is very stimulating
to hear a young girl like you use words like this.  It is important that you
excite us in anyway you can.  Now what is this, Rachel?"

	"It is your cock," she stammered, embarrassed to be using such words.

	"Very good.  Now I want you to wet your fingers and touch the head of my
cock with your wet fingers."

	Rachel put two of her fingers in her mouth and ran her tongue over them,
bathing them with her saliva.  She pulled them out, glistening.  She reached
down and her fingers touched his cock, running two fingers over the head,
bathing it in her saliva.  This was the first time she had every felt anything
like this.  It was hot and throbbing.  As she touched it she could feel Michael
body react.  She could tell that he enjoyed her touch.  She continued to run her
fingers over it, the hard cock twitching in excitement.  "Is that good, Sir?"

	"Yes, you have very soft and gentle hands.  My cock is enjoying your
touch."  He watched as this eighteen-year-old beauty began to stroke the head of
his cock.  She was very exciting to watch, the look on her face as she began to
stroke it. "Rub the head, especially the hole on the top.  See if you can get
some pre-cum."

	Her fingers ran over the head, stroking.  She saw a small amount of
fluid on the head of his cock mix with her saliva.  This was his cum.  She was
making his cock secrete small amounts of cum.  She could feel her pussy getting
wetter.  She tightened her legs, wishing she could put her hand between them and
play with her pussy.  She could feel the cum, hot and sticky as she smeared it
over his cock head. 

	"Yes, you are doing a good job.  Now I want you to grip my cock with
your hand and begin to run it up and down the shaft.  Grip it lightly at first. 
I will tell you when I want you to tighten it.  Your hand is going to be like
your pussy, gripping my cock."

	Her hand grasped his cock, circling it but there was still over six
inches of cock sticking out the top. She could feel the heat of his organ, it
throbbing as she tightened her grip.  She began to move it up toward the head. 
She could feel it shudder in her hand as it moved over the head again.  She felt
more pre-cum rubbing over her hand as she began to run her hand back down until
she hit the bottom.  She looked over at Michael and was embarrassed as she saw
him staring at her as she stroked his cock.  He was smiling as his cock throbbed
in her hand.

	"Yes, keep stroking it like that.  Gently up and down.  You are to keep
my cock hard and excited, but you are not to let me cum yet.  You must learn to
control a cock in your hand."

	Rachel was confused, Michael wanted her to masturbate his cock but keep
him from cumming.  "How do I know when you are going to cum?"

	"You will be able to feel it in my cock and you will be able to tell by
my reactions.  As you masturbate more and different cocks, you will learn.  Now
continue stroking my cock."  Michael watched her, her hand moving up and down,
slowly gripping his cock as she continued the masturbation of his cock.  "Grip
it harder and begin to stroke it faster.  Make sure you run over the head each
time.  That is where a cock is most stimulated by."

	Rachel's hand gripped his cock harder as she was ordered.  She moved it
up over the head, tightening her grip as she passed over it. She moved it back
down, her hand moving faster.  She could feel his hard organ throbbing in her
hand. She continued stroking his cock for long minutes.  She could feel a change
in his cock and could feel Michael's hips begin to push his cock up into her
hand.  "Are you going to cum, Sir?"

	"Yes, slow down, prolong my cum.  You must not let me cum until I tell
you to."  Michael felt her hand moving slower, her grip not as tight as before. 
"Good, now reach with your other hand and grab my balls lightly.  I want you to
feel each ball and than grab them together and milk them as you continue to
stroke my cock.  My balls are filled with hot cum for you."

	Rachel's other hand reached down and circled his balls.  They were heavy
and hot.  She searched out each individual ball and squeezed it gently,
Michael's stirrings showing her that he was pleased.  She grabbed both balls in
her hand and tightened.  Michael's body rose up from the couch.  Rachel felt an
intense power in her hands.  She was pleasing him.  She loosened her grip and
than tightened it again, a gasp from Michael showing that he was pleased.

	"You have a natural talent, Rachel.  Your hands instinctively know what
to do.  Pain mixed with pleasure is also very stimulating.  You can gently
stroke my cock and balls and than it is a very intense feeling if you either
stroke my cock with your nails or grab my balls tightly.  The switching from
pleasure to pain is very exciting.  You will learn that soon enough.  There is a
fine line between pleasure and pain."

	Rachel did not understand but she knew what was expected of her.  She
stroked his cock and grabbed his balls.  On the next stroke, her nails reached
out and rubbed hard over the head of his cock.  She felt his body jump and she
grabbed his balls hard, forcing a groan from his lips as he pulled back from her
hand grabbing his balls, forcing his cock head to run over her sharp nails.  His
body twitched.

	"You learn quickly."  Her hand grabbed his cock tightly again, stroking
faster and faster.  Her other hand milked his balls, grabbing them, feeling the
heat from them. 

	Rachel slowed down the masturbation of his cock again, she felt that he
was going to cum soon.  Her fingers pinched each ball lightly, her fingernail
running over his piss slit, pre-cum leaking out.

	Michael reached out to the table and picked up the jar of baby oil. 
"Spread some on two of your fingers.  I want you to play with my asshole now." 
He handed Rachel the bottle

	Rachel poured a small amount of baby oil on her fingers.  She did not
want to play with his asshole.  They had done this to her and she did not like
it and did not care to do this to him.  It felt dirty and perverted.

	"Reach under my balls until you get to my asshole.  I want you to play
around it with your fingers, working the baby oil on it.  When you get it
lubricated I want you to push a finger into my asshole, slowly at first.   I
want you to feel for my prostate.  When you find it, massage it with your
finger.  You will find that my cock will enjoy it immensely."

	This was degrading to Rachel.  She did not want to do it, but she knew
she must.  Her finger reached down below his balls.  She ran her finger between
his ass cheeks until she found his anus.  She felt it twitch as her finger
lightly touched over it, spreading the baby oil over it.  She began to push her
finger in, feeling his anus opening.  Michael's body began to push up from the
couch, trying to escape the finger entering him.  Rachel knew what to do this
time, she grabbed his balls and tightened.

       Michael jerked away from the hand gripping his tender balls forcing his
anus onto the finger pushing in.  He felt it push into his rectum up to the
first knuckle.  He felt Rachel's finger move around, pushing deeper, searching
out his prostate as ordered.
      
       	"You learn well, Rachel.  You already know how to play a man's body." 
He felt her finger reach his prostate, the finger massaging it as her other hand
began to stroke his cock harder and faster.
	 
	"Are you ready to cum, Sir?"  Her hand could feel his cock throbbing,
his anus tightening onto the finger trapped in him.  She knew he was ready.

	"Yes, I am almost there.  I want you to rest your head on my stomach,
facing my cock.  When I cum, I want you to aim my cock so my cum shoots all over
your face.  Do not try to remove it, let it stay there." 

	"Please, don't cum on my face.  That's disgusting.  I will masturbate
you with my hand, just please don't cum on my face," she begged.

	Michael grabbed her head and pushed it into his lap.  Her face was now
facing his erect cock.  "You will obey.  Soon I will be cumming in your mouth
and you will have to swallow it.  Having it shower your face is nothing.  Now
continue masturbating me."

	Rachel started to stroke his cock again.  He was going to degrade her by
spraying his cum all over his face.  Her hand moved up and down his cock faster
and faster.  Her hand reached down and grabbed his balls hard, his ass rising
from the couch.

	"Yes, that's good Rachel.  Can you feel my cum ready to shoot from my
balls?  My asshole, finger my asshole again," he ordered her.

	Rachel reached under his balls again, her finger searching and finding
his asshole.  She pushed her finger into his anus, finding his prostate again. 
Her finger massaged it, her hand stroking his cock, her nails running over the
head of his cock, his cock twitching in excitement.  "Are you ready to cum?"

	Michael pushed his ass up from the couch, her finger following him,
continuing to push into his rectum.  She grabbed his balls, forcing him back
down on her finger as her hand continued to masturbate his hard and erect cock. 
She tightened her grip, squeezing the cock between her fingers.  She could feel
him ready to cum.  She removed her finger from his asshole, his anus gripping it
as it withdrew.  She began to squeeze his balls, milking the cum from them.

	"Face forward, watch as it shoots on your face," he ordered Rachel.

	Her hands moved faster, the nail rubbing over the head of his cock.  She
grabbed his balls and she could feel his cum begin to shoot from his balls.  His
cock began to twitch and she could hear Michael moan.  She watched as in slow
motion the cum shoot out from his cock.  She felt disgust as the first load of
hot cum hit her on her forehead.  She could feel it begin to run down towards
her eyes.  She started to raise her hand to wipe it off, but she remembered
Michael's orders. Do not wipe if off.  Her hand continued to masturbate him, his
cum running over her hand as she moved it back and forth his cock. She grabbed
his balls again, forcing another load of cum out, this time shooting out and
hitting her on her lips and chins.

	Michael watched as his cum ran down her face.  He could see her tongue
reach out and lick her lips. "Yeah, that's it lick my cum.  Keep your mouth open
this time when I cum again."

	Rachel tasted his cum.  It felt heavy and very salty.  She opened her
mouth, waiting for his cum to shoot out again.  She stroked his cock harder. She
watched as his cock again shot out, this time straight for her mouth.  It shot
like it knew where it wanted to go.  She felt the hot cum land on her tongue and
she closed her mouth on it.  Her hand slowed down, squeezing his cock as it
slowly began to get soft.  The cum sat in her mouth, hot and heavy.  She
swallowed it.  She did not like the taste of it.

	Michael felt satisfied, watching as the cum dripped down Rachel's face,
her throat swallowing the cum that he shot in her mouth.  He could see the look
of disgust on Rachel's face as she was forced to swallow his cum.  He couldn't
wait until he would cum in her mouth. 

	"Continue holding my cock in your hand.  You did an excellent job
jerking off my cock.  I am going to rest for a few minutes and than I want you
to do it again."

	Rachel continued to gently rub his cock. She was going to be forced to
masturbate him again.  Her face was already covered with his cum, now he would
be adding more.

	Michael reached over and ran his fingers over Rachel's breasts.  He
squeezed them tightly.  His cock began to harden again.  He felt her fingers
tighten on his cock again, her hand beginning to run up and down his cock again. 
It was still sticky from his cum.  His hands reached for the buttons of her
blouse, opening them until he could reach into her bra.  His fingers sought out
her breast flesh, searching for her nipples.  He grabbed onto her nipples,
already hard and erect.

	"AAAwwww, not so hard," Rachel cried as Michael squeezed her nipples
harder.  She rubbed his cock harder, squeezing his balls.  She wanted him to cum
again before he abused her nipples too much.  She felt Michael push her head
back into his lap, pushing her face until it was only an inch from his cock.

	"Rub my cock over your face and lips," his hands squeezing her nipples
hard.  He felt the head of his cock run over her lips, her hot breath making his
cock jerk in anticipation.  "Lick the head with your tongue," he ordered her.

	Rachel stuck out her tongue and pulled his cock over to it.  Her tongue
lashed at it, tasting the cum dried on his cock.  She continued stroking his
cock and squeezing his balls.  Please, she thought, make him cum quickly.  Her
hands continued to hurt her breasts and nipples as he forced her to masturbate
him again.

	Her hands moved quickly over his cock, hoping to make him cum.  She ran
her nails over the head of his cock and felt it twitch in anticipation.  Her
other hands moved from his balls down to his anus.  Her finger plunged sharply
into him, his body jerking up to escape.  She grabbed his balls tightly forcing
him back down onto the finger deep into his rectum.  She began to massage his
prostate.  Her hand went back to the masturbation of his cock.  She could feel
he almost ready to cum. 

	"Get ready for my cum again.  I want it on your face again.  You look so
sexy with my cum dripping down your face."  Michael pushed her face forward, he
could feel her hot breath on his cock.

	Rachel's tongue ran over the head of his cock again.  She could taste
the cum leaking from its tip.  She felt his fingers grab tightly on her nipples
and pull and twist them.  They were becoming tender and she had to get it over
quickly.  Her hand moved quickly up and down his cock, gripping it tightly.  She
felt it twitch and could feel his cum shoot up from his balls and shoot out his
cock.  The first load of hot cum hit her mouth, cum dripping down her lips and
chin.  Her hand continued to masturbate him, her hand now covered with his cum,
making it easier to stroke his cock.

	"Open you mouth again and let my cum shoot into it.  You need to learn
to swallow my cum."

	Rachel opened her mouth, her hand stroking his cock.  She felt it twitch
and shoot the second load of cum.  She aimed his cock at her open mouth and it
hit her tongue.  She could taste the pasty cum and she swallowed it, hoping to
get the taste out of her mouth quickly.  Her mouth opened again, she knew he was
ready to cum again.  She stroked the cock until it shot a third and final time,
hitting her again in the mouth, most of it running over her lips.  She let it
sit and run down her lips onto her chin.  He did not want her to wipe it off. 
She lightly stroked his cock as it began to soften again.  Finally it was over. 
Her face was covered with his cum.

	Michael looked at Rachel, his cum drying on her face.  She looked so
sexy. His hands were still in her bra, her nipples still hard.  "I am going to
enjoy you jerking off my cock in the future.  You will be available to me at
anytime I desire you."  He pulled his hand out of her bra.  "You may go to your
room.  I will see you the day after tomorrow at 6:00.  At that time I will
reciprocate and masturbate you.  I do not want you to masturbate before that
time.  I want you horny and wet."

	Later that night, Rachel woke up.  She could feel someone in her room. 
Her blanked was pulled from her body, it moving down her stomach, over her legs,
to sit at the foot of her bed.  She had only worn a tee shirt to bed and it had
run up her body and only covered her waist.  She was naked from the waist down. 
Her hand moved down to pull it further down.

	"Leave it where it is, I like to see you naked," Michael said. He turned
on the small lamp, illuminating the room.

	Rachel knew what he wanted.  He was going to make her masturbate him
again.  She felt him lie down on the bed, his head on the opposite end.  She
stood staring at his cock again, it already hard and erect.  His hands moved to
her legs and spread them open.  Her pussy was spread open, his head resting
between her legs.  She reached out for his cock and began to stroke it again.

	"Yes, Rachel, make me cum again.  On your face, you know what to do."

	Rachel moved her hand up and down the cock, making him cum again.  Than
she could go back to sleep again.


Chapter 5 Masturbating Rachel (To Be Continued)




Chapter 5-Masturbating Rachel
	
	Rachel was still tired from last night.  Michael had come into her room
during the night and forced her to masturbate him again.  He had shot his hot
cum on her face again, humiliating her.  She was due to see Michael again at
6:00 tonight.  She took a shower and dressed, as instructed in her school girl
outfit.  She did not know why she bothered with the clothes, Michael would soon
have her stripped naked.
	
	Rachel knocked on the door and entered.  "I'm here, Sir," she stated. 
At least this time Michael was completely dressed.  What concerned her was that
a mattress was placed in the center of the floor a mirror facing in front of it.
	
	"You look very attractive, Rachel.  Tonight I'm going to enjoy playing
with your body.  I am going to masturbate you 'till you cum.   Please sit down
next to me," indicating a spot on the sofa.  Rachel moved toward the couch and
sat down, tucking her short skirt under her.  The skirt rode up her legs,
showing off her long legs.
	
	Michael leaned closer to Rachel and kissed her.  He felt her open her
mouth, allowing his tongue to enter, running inside her mouth.  She knew it was
useless to resist Michael's wishes, no matter how much she disliked them.  He
moved his hand up her arm and felt her cringe as he moved toward her breasts. 
He ran his hand over her blouse, caressing her breasts through her clothes.  His
fingers searched out her nipples, pinching her breasts.  He heard her gasp as
his fingers found its target and tighten onto the delicate morsel.  He moved his
hand down her blouse, unbuttoning each button until he reached her skirt.  He
pulled it from her skirt and pushed it off her shoulders and down her arms.  His
hand returned to her breasts, this time only clad in her bra.  His fingers moved
lightly over the top of her breasts and moved down to again grab her nipples. 
They were now hard and erect, sticking out under her bra, begging for attention. 
He tugged and pulled on her nipples, his other hand massaging her breast.  He
pushed his hand behind her back, one hand quickly unsnapping her bra, the
support pulling away in the front.  His hand returned, this time moving under
her bra, grabbing her naked tit flesh, squeezing the smooth flesh. 
	
	"Please, not so hard," Rachel moaned as Michael's fingers grabbed her
roughly, his fingers pushing into her flesh, grabbing her nipples and pinching
hard.  She felt the bra being pushed from her shoulders and now she was naked
from the waist up.  Michael's head moved down to her naked flesh and she felt
his lips grab onto her nipple and begin to suck it into his mouth.  His teeth
began to play over the erect nipple, moving back and forth on the morsel, sharp
pain radiating from her nipple.  "Please, it hurts," his mouth forcing her
nipple to grow, now over one inch long, sore from the abuse. 
	
	Michael ran his tongue over the nipple, feeling it grow as the cool air
mixed with his saliva hardened the tip even more.  He pulled it tightly into his
mouth, his tongue playing over it as he sucked as much of her tit flesh as he
could fit.  "You have beautiful breasts, Rachel.  Stephen is going to love
playing with your beauties.  There are so many things that can be done to them,
some painful, most pleasurable."
	
	Rachel felt Michael's hand move down onto her naked leg, her short skirt
had ridden up higher.
	
	 "Relax your legs, let my hand between them," Michael ordered, his hand
moving between her thighs, searching out her pussy.  He felt her surrender, her
legs going limp as his hand continued upward towards her pussy.  He pushed her
skirt up until he came to her panty covered pussy.  "Watch as my hand moves up
your leg," Michael told Rachel, watching as her eyes moved down to his hand move
between her legs.  Michael liked to see the humiliation in her eyes as he forced
her to accept his command of her body.
	
	His hand moved over her pussy, her panties the only protection and they
were already wet.  "Wet again, you're becoming quite a slut, Rachel." 
	
	Rachel cringed as her body betrayed her.  She was already wet and he had
not even touched her pussy.  Michael pushed her up, forcing her to stand in
front of him, half-naked.  She felt hands on her hips turn her around and move
over her ass, grasping her cheeks.
	
	"You have such a beautiful ass, Rachel," his hands continuing to run
over her tight asscheeks.  He unbuttoned her skirt, pulled the zipper down and
let it fall to the floor.  His hands returned to her ass, now only clad in her
tight fitting panties.  He could make out the crease in her ass and he felt her
shiver as his fingers ran down it.  He hooked his fingers in the waistband of
her panties and slowly slides them down to the ground, revealing her naked,
tight ass.  He could feel her tremble, as she was now naked before him again.
	
	Rachel could feel the cool air of the room on her body.  Michael had
pulled down her panties, leaving her naked again.  No matter how many times he
had done this to her, she could still not get used to the idea of being stripped
naked.  She always felt humiliated.  It was not like in making love, this was
being forced to stand naked as her body was used against her will.  She felt the
hands return to her ass, now naked and felt his fingers slowly parts her
asscheeks.  She felt her face turn red in embarrassment as he was now staring
directly at her exposed anus.  She felt his hot breath blow onto her anus,
teasing her, letting her know how exposed and vulnerable she was.  His finger
slowly ran up from her pussy, pulling up her pussy juice and rubbing it over her
anus, the slow pressure forcing her anus to slowly accept his finger.
	
	"Relax your asshole, Rachel, let my finger enter you," Michael ordered
her.  His finger traced lightly over her anus, slowly pushing harder and harder
on it until she finally relaxed enough to allow its entry. 
	
	"AAHH, please, don't," Rachel gasping as she felt her anus forced open
and the thick finger slowly enter her.  They had done this to her before, when
they were inspecting her and she still felt soiled and debased.  Michael seemed
to enjoy using her ass and inflicting the mental anguish on her, forcing her to
accept his perverted acts upon her body.  She felt the finger push harder into
her.  She shuffled her feet on the floor and arched up on her toes as the finger
cruelly pushed into her asshole, raising up higher to escape the ravishment of
her ass.
	
	Michael felt Rachel tighten on his finger as he entered her.  He was
going to enjoy using her asshole on another night.  He would enjoy fucking her
asshole with his hard cock, forcing her to take it deep inside her, making her
take his hard strokes until he shot his cum, deep inside her colon.  Yes, should
would soon feel what it felt like to lose her anal virginity and be used this
way.  He knew that she would not like it that made him even harder.  He loved to
humiliate her, forcing her to accept his acts upon her body, making her submit
to his demands.  He pushed his finger in cruelly, forcing her to stand on her
toes to escape.  "What a tight asshole you have, now turn around, let's check
out your pussy."
	
	Rachel screamed silently as the finger dug into her rectum, hurting,
making her to stretch to escape.  She felt the finger pull out and hands grab
her hips and turn her around facing him.  Michael's hands returned, moving over
her flat stomach, pushing down lower toward her naked pussy. 
	
	"Spread your legs," he ordered and watched as Rachel reluctantly obeyed,
her legs opening, her pussy lips beginning to part, her pink insides peeking
out.  Michael could see the glistening of her wetness on her pussy and knew that
even though she was protesting what he was doing to her body, she ultimately was
enjoying it.  His fingers splayed open her lips, peeling them back, his fingers
holding the lips tightly.  He could smell the fragrance of her pussy emulating
from her body.  Soon, he would be eating her pussy, making her cum with his
tongue.  She would protest, but would spread her legs for it.  His finger ran
down her pussy lips, the tips becoming soaked from her wetness.  He ran his
finger up and down her slit, her body shaking as he reached her clit.  He pulled
back her clit hood, exposing her now erect clit.  It stood over 1/2", the size
of a hard pea.  He flicked over it with the tip of his finger and Rachel gasped
at the sensation.  His finger began to rub over the nub, Rachel's body beginning
to rock on her heels, her hips moving back and forth, trying to rub her clit
harder on the finger.  "You seem to be enjoying yourself, Rachel, your pussy is
soaking wet and so are my fingers.  I want you to lie on the mattress now."
	
	Rachel moved toward the mattress, she knew he would further degrade her. 
He had placed the mirror in front of the mattress so her reflection would be
shown back to her.  He had pillows propped up for her head so that she would be
looking directly at the mirror.  She lay down on the mattress and looked into
the mirror.  She could see her nakedness, her breasts standing up, her nipples
hard and erect.  She heard Michael order her to spread her legs.  She hesitantly
did, watching as she could see the reflection of her pussy in the mirror, it
beginning to spread as her legs opened wider and wider.  She could see her pussy
juice on her thighs and the sparkle from her wetness coming from her pussy slit. 
	
	Michael moved closer to Rachel, her body spread open on the mattress
before him.  His fingers moved to her nipples and began to pinch them and pull
them, stretching the hard nipples.  His other hand reached for her pussy, his
finger pushing through her slit again.  "Open your legs wider, watch your
reflection in the mirror," he ordered her.  He watched her face as she opened
her legs more, her eyes gazing at the mirror, her pussy opening up.  "Bend your
knees and keep your feet flat on the mattress."  Rachel complied, her knees
opening up, her legs spread.  Her anus now peeked out from beneath her.  Michael
could see her embarrassment as she lay before him, naked and vulnerable. 
"Wider, pull your knees open, I want your pussy spread wide."  His fingers
pulled open her pussy lips.  "Such a gorgeous pussy you have, Rachel, so pink
and wet."
	
	Rachel was startled as she heard a knock on the door.  She quickly
closed her legs, her arm stretching over her naked breasts.  Michael's hand was
trapped between her thighs.
	
	"Who's there?"  Michael voice questioning. 
	
	"It's Justin.  I finished the job in the gym.  I just wanted to know if
you had any other jobs you wanted done."  Justin was about the same age as
Rachel.  He was extremely handsome and muscular.  Michael had hired him to do
some repair jobs at the school.
	
	"Come in," Michael said.
	
	"No, please, no, don't let him see me like this," Rachel screamed,
trying to get up and grab her clothes.
	
	Michael grabbed her by the shoulder and pushed her back down onto the
mattress.  "Don't move, you will stay will you where."  He watched as Rachel
trembled and tried to hide her naked body as the door opened and Justin walked
in.
	
	Justin's jaw almost dropped out as he saw the naked girl on the
mattress, with Michael beside her, his hand trapped between her naked thighs. 
She was a real looker, beautiful face, full breasts and great legs. 
	
	"I hope you don't mind, Justin.  Rachel and I were just having a
training session.  If you would like, you may stay and watch.  I have some other
jobs for you but I must give my full attention to Rachel first."
	
	"No, not with him here, please don't make me," tears falling from
Rachel's eyes as she continued to hide her naked body from Justin. 
	
	"You must learn to obey all commands.  Now I want you to lie back down,
legs up and spread again.  Justin would like to see what a gorgeous body you
have."  Michael pushed her back down.  "Spread your legs, I'm not going to tell
you again," his voice raised.
	
	Rachel obeyed, raising her legs up, her knees bent, her legs spreading
her pussy open again.  She cringed when she heard Michael tell her to start
stroking her pussy, masturbate herself until she came.  Her hand went down to
her pussy, spreading the lips apart, her finger running up and down her slit,
her pussy soaking wet.  She started caressing herself, not looking at either of
them, but feeling them watching her every move.  She worked faster, trying hard
to hurry and cum so she could just get this over with.  She moved her hands over
her pussy and up to her clit, rubbing it harder, wanting to cum.  Anything to
get this humiliation over with.  She could see her reflection in the mirror, her
pussy spread wide, her fingers rubbing her clit.
	
	"Stick a finger in your pussy, Rachel." 
	
	Rachel obeyed, one finger tentatively entering her pussy.  It was tight,
even with the lubrication of her pussy juice.  She rubbed her clit as her finger
slides in and out her pussy. 
	
	"Remove your hands, I will help you, Rachel," Michael's hand moving down
to her pussy.  He spread her open, her pink pussy spread wide for Justin to see. 
His finger entered her pussy.  "I can just barely get my finger in you are so
tight.  Wait until you feel my cock in there.  "Justin, will you give me a hand
over here?  Rachel needs to cum and I think you might be able to help."
	
	"No, please, not him, don't let him touch me," Rachel begged.  Justin
walked over, standing over her naked body, his hard cock bulging his pants. 
	
	"Obey, Rachel.  Raise up your ass a little, let Justin see your tiny
asshole.  Michael watched her face turn red, the humiliation overtaking her, but
she slowly pushed up with her legs, her hips rising higher, her anus peeking
out.  It was so small, Michael wondered if she would be able to take his large
cock in it, but he did not care, he would force her to accept it.  "Justin,
finger Rachel's asshole.  I am sure you will find it extremely tight." 
	
	"Oh, God, no, I don't like that, not him, please don't," she cried,
tears running down her face.  She looked in the mirror and could see Justin's
finger slip between her legs, reaching for her anus.  She shivered in fear as it
lightly touched her anus, his other hand urging her hips up higher, forcing her
to allow him better access to her defenseless anus.  "GGGHHH, AAAHH," the finger
pushed cruelly into her virgin anus, spreading it open by brute force.  Her
sphincter tightened on the finger as soon as it entered, gripping it like it did
not want to let it leave.
	
	"God, is she tight back there, her asshole is gripping my finger so
tightly," Justin watching as Rachel moved higher, hoping to escape the ravishing
finger embedded in her rectum.
	
	Michael continued the forced masturbation of Rachel, his finger fucking
in and out of her pussy, his fingers pinching and pulling on her hard clit.  He
watched as her hips fucked up and down on the fingers in her body.  He did not
know if she was trying to escape them or devour them.  "Cum for us Rachel, cum
on my fingers in your pussy."
	
	"Please, don't, Oh, Gooooddd, please don't make me cum, AAAGGGHH," her
hips bucking up and down.  She looked like a whore in the mirror, spread open
with their fingers pushed deep in her body and she was fucking them, wanting
more, wanting to cum.  Anything to get this humiliation over with.  "AAGGHH,"
she screamed as the first cum rushed through her body, her pussy and asshole
tightening down on the fingers in her.  "GGGGRRR," another cum overcoming her as
Justin cruelly plunged his finger deeper into her asshole.  She tried to buck
away from it, but Michael pinched her clit hard, forcing her back down on the
finger, forcing it back in deeper.
	
	Michael's fingers were soaked with her cum, her body jerking and the cum
running down his hand from her pussy.  He grabbed her clit one more time, his
finger still in her pussy, gripped tightly as he forced a third, more powerful
cum out of her.  He felt Justin's finger in her asshole through her pussy, it
pushed in deep, forcing her hips up high, her pussy spread open for their lust.
	
	Rachel felt them pull their fingers from her body, slumping back down on
the mattress, her legs flat, still slightly spread.  She could feel the cum
running down her thighs, running over her ravaged anus. 
	
	"Open wide, suck your pussy juice," Michael commanded her, his fingers
at her lips, pushing in, forcing her to accept them.  "Clean up my fingers,
taste your pussy juice."
	
	Rachel submitted to the fingers being pushed into her mouth, the fingers
bathed by her tongue, tasting her juice.  "MMMMMM, NNNNOOO," she cried when she
felt another finger push into her mouth.  The final humiliation, she was going
to have to clean the finger that was pushed in her asshole.  She ran her tongue
over it, the foul taste permeating her mouth as she submitted to the final
degradation. 
	
	She heard Michael talking to Justin, but was lost in her own world.  She
was left lying there, naked and spent, her taste in her mouth.  She heard them
leave and she dressed and hurriedly left the room.  Michael had requested that
she return again tomorrow night.  Tomorrow, she would have to suck his cock. 
She would have to drink his cum.  She went back to her room, took a quick shower
to cleanse her body and fell into bed.  She was ordered to wear only panties to
bed.  Michael would be frequenting her bed often.
	
	Rachel stirred awake when she felt the blanked pulled down from her body
again.  She felt someone lie down on the bed.  She knew that Michael was going
to take her again.  Hands pulled her panties down to her feet.  They were pushed
to the floor.  Hands turned her onto her side away from Michael and she felt his
hard cock pushed against her ass.  One hand grabbed her right leg and lifted it
high, spreading her open for his pleasure.  She felt his cock pushed between her
open legs, running harshly between her spread pussy lips.  Her leg was released,
the cock now trapped between her tightly held legs, the head poking out from
between.  Michael grabbed one of her hands and guided it down to his cock, her
hand hesitatingly touching the hot cock.  "Make me cum, Rachel," his hand
guiding her up and down his cock.  He moved away as Rachel got into the rhythm,
his cock stroked harder and harder.  He moved his hand up to her clit and began
to pull on it, stretching it until it reached the head of his cock and rubbed it
over it.  He felt Rachel shiver in anticipation as he began to masturbate her as
she stroked his cock.  Soon, they would both be cumming again. 
	
Chapter 6-Rachel learns to suck a cock (To be continued)




Boarding School Sex Training-

Chapter 6-Rachel Learns to Suck a Cock

	Rachel was on her knees, her blouse pulled open, her tits hanging out of
her bra.  Her nipples were hard and swollen from the tugging and biting that
Michael had inflicted on them.  Her skirt was on the floor behind her, her
panties pushed down below her knees, her socks and shoes still on, accenting her
otherwise naked body.  Her lips were wrapped around Michael's cock, stretched
tightly around the hard and erect instrument.  Her saliva glistened on the cock
as it ruthlessly plunged in and out of her oval cavity, the only sounds coming
from the room was her choking and gagging as the cock pushed deep into her mouth
and down her throat.  Hands held her tightly on both sides of head, forcing her
head up and down on the hard cock.  Her hands hung submissively by her side, as
she was face fucked by Michael.

	It was another normal day at school for all of the girls, except for
Rachel.  She had been masturbated by Michael, with Justin helping, only
yesterday.  Today, while the others were paying attention to their schoolwork,
Rachel was thinking what Michael would do to her today.  He had told her that
today that she would learn to suck his cock.  She would be taught to pleasure
him with her mouth and tongue and when he was ready, she would have to drink and
swallow his cum. She knew that she would be humiliated again.  Michael enjoyed
making her do things that she did not want to and he enjoyed letting others,
like Justin watch her degrade herself.  She could feel her pussy begin to get
wet.  How could the disgusting and degrading things Michael did to her make her
pussy get wet?  Would it be the same way once Stephen began to take her
sexually?

	The day passed slowly, finally her classes were over.  Rachel went back
to her room and took a quick shower and put on a fresh school uniform.  She
looked in the mirror and she saw the reflection of an innocent schoolgirl, not
the slut that Michael was making her into.  She looked at the clock, three
o'clock, time to visit the Headmaster's office.  She walked down the hallway,
staring blankly as her classmates smiled at her, her thoughts deeply into what
acts she would be forced to perform.  She knocked on the door and heard
Michael's voice.

	"Come in, Rachel."  Michael watched as the door opened and Rachel walked
in.  He was sitting on the couch, his cock already hard in expectation of what
was going to transpire.  He looked at her, her innocence, dressed in her
schoolgirl outfit, her naked legs below her short plaid skirt, her button down
blouse strained by her breasts.  "You look very enticing today, Rachel, are you
ready for your next lesson?"

	"Yes, Sir, whatever you want.  I agreed to perform whatever acts you
desire to fulfill her bargain with Stephen.  I want to be able to please him." 
Rachel looked over at Michael, seeing his cock straining against his pants.  She
knew that it would be soon in her mouth.

	"Do you know what I want you to do today, Rachel? 

	"Yes, Sir, you want to put your penis in my mouth and suck it," Rachel
obediently stated.

	"No, Rachel, I want you to suck my cock until I cum in you and I want
you to swallow my hot cum.  Can you say that?"

	"Yes, Sir, I will suck your cock and swallow your cum, is that what you
want me to say? " Rachel began to turn red, forced to speak the degrading act
she was to perform in the most obscene language.

	"Very good, now come over her and sit beside me.  I want to enjoy your
lovely young body before we get around to the main event."  He patted the seat
next to him and watched as Rachel slowly lowered herself beside him.  He watched
as her skirt rode up her legs as her ass pushed deeply into the cushions. 
"Don't, let it be," he said as Rachel started to pull her skirt down, "you have
lovely legs."

	Rachel sat there, her skirt ridden up high on her legs, her panties
almost showing.  She saw Michael's arm reach out for her and move over her
shoulder, pulling her down toward him, his hand slipping lower, toward her
breasts.  She felt his fingers brushing over her blouse, reaching for her
youthful breasts. 

	Michael smiled as he pulled Rachel closer, his hand moving over her
blouse, feeling her swelling breasts in his fingertips.  He could smell the
innocence of Rachel as be again begun to have his way with her body.  This was
the best part of his job, the opportunity to take advantage of young, innocent
girls willing to allow him have his way with their virgin flesh.  He hand began
to mold around her breast, squeezing it harshly, hearing her gasp in sudden
pain.  "You have such lovely breasts, Rachel," his hands continuing to grab and
pull on her breast.  His hands moved over further and began to unbutton her
blouse, each button slowly revealing more of her flesh until he reached the top
of her skirt.  He pulled her blouse from her skirt, pushing it to the side,
revealing her lacy bra.  Her breasts rode high in her bra, straining to break
free.  His hand moved back down, this time feeling naked flesh as he squeezed
her breast again.

	Rachel sat in the seat as Michael began to undress her again.  She felt
his urgent hands molesting her breasts than moving lower and slowly unbuttoning
her blouse, beginning to strip her naked again.  She felt the cool air on her
flesh, as she was partially uncovered.  The hands squeezed her breast hard, this
time reaching her naked flesh.  She felt some of his fingers move over her bra
searching for her nipple.  The fingers began to pinch her breast flesh,
searching out her bra-encased nipple.  The fingers made sharp pinching movements
on her flesh until it finally found her delicate nipple.  She gasped in pain,
Michael knowing that he had found her sought out nipple.  She felt her nipple
harden and become erect.  Michael was making her sexually excited again.  She
did not understand why her body betrayed her this way.  Each time Michael hurt
or degraded her she became sexually aroused.  Her nipple hurt as Michael
continued to squeeze the delicate nipple.

	Michael smiled as he felt her harden nipple in his fingers.  Rachel was
becoming his slut.  She was becoming aroused each time he abused her.  His
fingers continued to pull and twist on her nipple, watching as she shifted in
the seat attempting to escape the cruel fingers.  He reached a hand inside of
her bra, grabbing her bare breast and pulling it out of her bra.  The bra pushed
her breast up, as if begging to be sucked on.  His hand moved over to her other
breast and repeated the act, both of her naked breasts now in the cool air,
nipples hard and erect.  "You like this, don't you Rachel," he asked, watching
as Rachel turned red in embarrassment as his manipulation of her breasts excited
her.	He lowered his head toward her left breast and blew his hot breath on
her nipple.  He watched as goose bumps formed on her areola.  His tongue pushed
out and began to run over her nipple, saliva wetting the pink nipple as his lips
moved closer and pushed over the nipple, sucking it into his mouth.  He sucked
the nipple and areola into his mouth, his tongue running over the erect morsel. 
He could feel it harden as he bathed it with his saliva, sucking hard, pulling
it further into his mouth.  He felt it stretch out as the suction of his mouth
pulled it deeper into his mouth, his rough tongue continually stimulating the
sensitive nipple.

	Rachel moaned as Michael sucked on her nipple, squirming in the seat,
her pussy beginning to get wet.  She looked down and watched as Michael's lips
were spread wide over her breast, over half of her flesh now sucked deep inside
his mouth.  She squirmed again as his tongue ran over the flesh of nipple. 
"OOOWWW," she cried, "please, that hurts," Rachel cried.  Michael had begun to
bite on her swollen nipple, his teeth nibbling on the sensitive flesh.  She
began to pull away from him as he bit on her erect nipple.  "PPPLLLeeeasse, that
hurts, not so hard," tears forming in her eyes.  She stopped pulling back, his
teeth clamped tightly on her nipple, her breast stretching out.  She felt his
teeth begin to push back and forth across her nipple.  It felt like it was
trying to rip it apart.  "Please, don't, no more."

	Michael bit down hard on her nipple, feeling her body jolt in pain, her
body squirming in the seat, trying to escape his cruel manipulation of her
tender nipple.  He sucked it once more deeply into his mouth, over half of her
breast flesh now sucked into his mouth.  He ran his tongue over the nipple one
last time, releasing it.  He looked at her breast, her nipple red and swollen,
wet with his saliva.  "Now for the other," his mouth moving over to her other
nipple, his tongue and teeth move over the delicate flesh.  Rachel moaned in
pain as he sucked the youthful tit flesh deep inside his mouth, his teeth
grinding over her nipple, hearing her moan in pain as he bit down hard.

	Michael pulled his head back and watched as Rachel sat beside him, her
breast and nipples now red and swollen.  Her nipples were coated with his
saliva, glistening in the light, pushed up high by the bra.  She looked so
intoxicating and sexually aroused.  "Stand up in front of me," he ordered her.

	Rachel stood up, facing Michael, her naked breasts hanging out of her
bra, nipples red and swollen.  Michael sat up in the couch, moving towards her. 

	"Lift up your skirt above your waist," his eyes watching as her skirt
rode up her naked legs, slowly revealing her long sexy legs.  "Higher," he
ordered, Rachel moving her skirt until it was above the waistband of her
panties.  "That's a good girl," his hands moving to her hips, grabbing her
tightly, moving her closer to him.  He ran his hands over her panty-covered
body, the silky fabric clinging to her flesh.  He could see the outline of her
pussy lips, framed within her panties.  Her panties were already wet, tribute to
the nipple sucking and biting he had performed on her innocent body.  "Strip off
your skirt, little girl, I don't want it in the way," his voice ordering her to
perform again for him.

	Rachel's hands moved behind her back, unsnapping the button, pulling
down the zipper, letting the skirt fall helplessly to the floor.

	"Kick it over to the side.  That's good.  Now move closer again, yes,
that's it."  Michael's hands moved over her youthful body again, now only clad
in her tightly fitting panties, her tits naked.  "Spread your legs open wider."

	Rachel moved her right leg, the spread between them increasing as she
awaited Michael's inspection of her body.  She could feel the dampness between
her legs in expectation of Michael's hands on her pussy.  "Yes, Sir."

	Michael began to run his fingers over her abdomen, moving lower to her
pussy.  He could feel her flinch as his fingers touched her pussy lips through
her wet panties.  He ran his finger down between her slit, pushing her pussy
lips apart, pushing her panties between her lips, soaking the thin fabric. 
"Your pussy is so wet, Rachel, are you enjoying this?"

	Rachel felt his finger reach behind her and grab her ass.  His fingers
were insistent, grabbing and pinching her ass cheeks.  She felt him pull her
asscheeks apart, his finger pushing between her cheeks, searching out her
defenseless anus.  She felt his finger push against her anus, pushing her
panties into her asshole.  "No, not there, please don't, I don't like that," she
cried.  Michael ignored her plea and continued to run his fingers over her ass. 
She felt the hands move back to the front of her panties.  She felt him tug her
panties down, moving them down over her hips, her pussy slowly being uncovered
for his pleasure.

	Michael watched as her pussy was uncovered again, he pulled her panties
down until they reached her knees, her spread legs preventing them from moving
any lower.  "Keep your legs spread wide, I don't want your panties to fall to
the floor."  He moved his hands over her hot flesh, so young and supple and his
fingers played over her pussy.  He could feel her wetness.  He grabbed her pussy
lips and spread them, slowly opening her pussy open, her pink, wet flesh open
before him.  Michael looked up at her face, seeing her look of hopelessness as
he spread her open before his eyes.  He saw her shiver as he blew on her spread
pussy.  His finger went between her pussy lips, spreading her pussy juice up and
down her pussy.  He saw her move her hips, his fingers gently rubbing her pussy
lips.  He moved up to her clit, pulled back her clit hood and exposed her clit. 
It was the size of a baby pea, already hard and erect.  He ran his finger over
it, a moan escaping from her lips as her hips began to move as he seized it in
his fingers and squeezed it.  He moved his fingers to his lips and sucked them
into his mouth.  "Your pussy tastes good, Rachel, I can't wait until I get a
chance to eat that lovely snatch.  Now, turn around.  Keep your legs spread and
don't let your panties fall to the floor.  I want to play with your tiny
asshole."

	Rachel cringed when she heard those words.  The worst part of Michael
sexually abusing her was when he played with her anus.  She thought it was
disgusting and hated it when he put his fingers up her ass.  Besides the pain,
there was the humiliation.  It was so degrading.  She heard his voice again.

	"Reach back and spread your asscheeks apart.  I want you to spread
yourself open for me, let me see that tiny asshole." 

	Rachel was startled when there was a knock on the door.  "Please, don't
let anyone in, not like yesterday," she cried out.  She looked behind and saw
the grin on Michael's face and knew that he intentionally told someone to come
over so she would be further humiliated.

	"Come in, Jason," Michael yelled at the door.  He watched as Jason
entered, taken back by the sight before him again.  There was Rachel, her tits
hanging out, her panties down between her spread legs, her ass naked.

	"Hello, Rachel, what a gorgeous ass you have," he laughed.  He watched
the expression on her face as she began to turn red in embarrassment.  "Are you
going to have her show me that great ass, Michael?"

	"Yes, Rachel was just about spread her ass cheeks open and show me her
asshole, I think she would love to show it to you, wouldn't you, Rachel?"  They
both grinned at Rachel, watching her humiliation as she slowly reached back and
began to spread her asscheeks, her tiny pink anus slowly peeking out from her
pert ass.  Her asshole was just a tiny star set on her white skin.  Rachel
pulled her cheeks open until they strained, her anus now fully exposed to them.

	Michael moved closer to Rachel's ass, his hands slowly running over her
flesh.  He molded her flesh, watching as it turned red when he pinched it hard. 
He reached over to the drawer and pulled out a jar of Vaseline.  He saw the
expression on Rachel's face as she heard the sound of the jar being opened. 
"Relax, Rachel, I just want to feel that hot asshole." 

	Rachel heard the sound of the jar opening and knew what it meant. 
Michael was going to grease up her asshole so he could slip his fingers up her. 
Jason would be watching her suffer the degrading act.  She cringed, but kept her
ass cheeks spread open as she felt the cold Vaseline being rubbed on her exposed
anus by Michael's thick finger.  She felt the finger stiffen on her anus and the
pressure began, forcing it slowly open, the finger pushing slowly and painfully
in her.  "OH, God, please don't do that, it feels strange and it hurts," Rachel
begging as she felt her anus being forced open.

	"Relax, little girl, loosen up your asshole, let my finger in.  Jason
wants to see your asshole wrapped tightly around my finger.  Now relax your
asshole," his other hand slapping hard on her left cheek, leaving it a bright
pink.

	"OOOwww," she cried, the spank on her ass hurting.  She tried to relax
her sphincter, but it was difficult.  Only once before had they fingered her. 
Her asshole was used to pushing things out, not in and felt strange.  She felt
the finger pushing harder and her ass suddenly allowed it in, spreading wide,
the pain spreading quickly to her brain.  "AAAGGGHH, please, not so hard, it
hurts.

	Michael stroked her ass as his finger entered her sphincter.  It grabbed
tightly onto it, gripping it. "That's a good girl, your asshole is so tight and
hot.   I'm going to slip it deeper into you, so take a deep breath."  He moved
his other hand around to her pussy and two fingers reached for her clit.  He
grabbed it tightly and pinched hard.   He felt her jerk back away from the
fingers, pushing her asshole further back onto the finger barely in her asshole. 
Michael's finger entered up to the first knuckle.

	Rachel screamed in pain as her clit was pinched and then she brutally
pushed her asshole back onto the finger embedded in her to escape the pain, only
to further impale her anal tract on the finger, swallowing it up to the first
joint.  She heard Michael's voice order her again to impale herself on the floor
as the other fingers pinched her clit hard again, her scream of pain only making
his cock harder.  She again jerked back in response, this time the fat finger
pushed up to the knuckle, her anus straining tightly around it.  She tried to
pull off of the finger, but it again brutalized her clit, her hips jerking back
again, her anal tract now fully embedded with Michael's finger. 

	"Boy, is her asshole full of finger now," Jason joked, watching as
Rachel was further humiliated, standing with her back to them, her asshole
stretched tightly around Michael's finger.   She still held her cheeks apart
submissively to her degradation. 

	Michael's other fingers let her clit loose and grabbed a bunch of her
pussy hair and began to pull it out, forcing Rachel to pull her hips forward,
this time pulling her asshole off of the finger.  Michael watched as her asshole
slowly pulled over his finger as it was pulled out.  When it was almost all the
way out, his fingers returned to her clit again, pinching hard, this time
forcing Rachel all the way down on the finger again until it was deep in her
anal tract.

	"AAAGGGHH, no, that hurts," Rachel's hips jerking back and forth, her
anus speared repeatedly on Michael's finger.  First her clit was pinched
brutally, her hips shoving hard back on the finger, pushing it deep inside her. 
Than her pussy hair was pulled, forcing her off the finger, getting her ready to
impale herself on the finger.  "Not again," she cried, but Michael ignored her
pleas and squeezed her clit again, her anal tract again forced open brutally by
the fat finger.

	Michael let Rachel relax, his finger fully embedded in her anal tract. 
He felt her sphincter tugging on his finger, unable to control the feeling of
being impaled.  "Tighten your asshole on my finger, Rachel.  Let me see how
tight you can make your asshole," he ordered her.  He heard her whimper, but did
as she was ordered.  Michael felt her asshole tighten on the finger.  "Yes,
that's good, again Rachel."  He felt her tighten again.  "Soon, I will be
sticking my cock up your asshole and I will make you grip it with your asshole
until I cum deep inside you.  It is going to hurt when I fuck you, but Stephen
likes to fuck assholes so you will have to learn to like it."  He moved his
fingers around inside her, making her feel the fat finger filling her anal
tract.  Michael pulled his finger out of her asshole with a pop.  He slapped her
ass hard.  "It's time for you to learn to suck cock, first mine, than you are
going to suck Jason's cock.   On your knees, its time for your lesson."

	Michael positioned Rachel on her knees in front of him.  Her face was
level with his crotch and Rachel could see his hard cock straining his pants. 
"Open my pants up and pull them down, I want you to get acquainted with my
cock."  Michael looked down as Rachel's hands moved to his belt, un-buckling it.  
The snap was next.  "Pull my zipper down with your teeth," he ordered her.  He
looked at her innocent face as she moved forward, her nose bumping against his
hard cock as she twisted her face in order to grip the zipper with her teeth. 
She bit tightly down on the zipper and began to pull it to the floor, her head
moving down, her cheek brushing against his cock.  The zipper moved to the
bottom, his pants opening.

	Rachel brushed against the hard cock as she submissively lowered his
zipper with her teeth until she could see his cock only restrained by shorts. 
Her hands moved to lower his pants to the floor and watched as Michael kicked
them away, standing only in his shorts.  Michael's hands gripped her head and
pushed her into his shorts, rubbing her face over his erect cock.  She could
feel it jump in excitement as her mouth and face was rubbed against it.  She
knew it would soon be naked and pushed into her mouth.

	"Now the shorts," he ordered her and watched as she gradually lowered
his shorts, his cock popping out suddenly, slapping against her face.  She moved
her head back in shock as the hot cock hit her.  She pulled his shorts to the
floor and looked back up.  His cock was over eight inches in length and over two
inches in diameter.  The head was red and swollen and some pre-cum had already
formed on the head.  His balls hung heavily below his cock, filled with the hot
cum he would soon deposit in her youthful and inexperienced mouth.  "Look at my
cock."  He gripped her head again and ran his cock over her face, feeling her
cringe away at first when she felt the hot tool rubbing over her face.  He saw
some precum leak out of his cock and he rubbed it over her lips as he felt her
hot breath on his cock.  He looked down at her, her eyes bright and innocent,
his cock resting against her lips, his cum glistening like lip-gloss.  "Kiss my
cock."

	Rachel felt the cum on her lips and knew she would soon have to take it
into her mouth.  She heard his command and her lips tentatively reached out and
brushed against his cock.  She puckered her lips and kissed his cock again.  She
had to hold his cock to keep it from jerking about as her hot breath and lips
sent it into spasms of pleasure. 

	"Lick it with your tongue, Rachel, taste my cock with your sweet
tongue."

	Rachel pushed her tongue out, gripped his cock tightly and ran her rough
tongue over the head of his cock.  She could taste the first of the cum, thick,
hot and salty.  She did not like the taste, but she knew that did not matter. 
Michael would force her to drink his cum anyway.  His cock twitched in pleasure
as her tongue began to bathe his cock with her saliva.  She licked over the
large head of his cock, her tongue running over the piss slit, more precum
leaking out from her oral manipulation of his cock. 

	"You are very good, Rachel now put my cock inside your hot mouth.  Use
your tongue on it when it is inside.  Tighten your lips around it and suck it
like a lollypop."

	The time had come, he wanted his cock inside her virgin mouth.  She
slowly opened her mouth, grabbed his cock at the base and slowly let it enter
her mouth.  As it began to slide in, she closed her lips over the head and let
her wet lips moisten it with her saliva.  It felt so hot and hard.  She ran her
tongue over the head and could taste his cum.  It felt thick on her tongue and
was salty.  She knew that when he came, it would fill her mouth with a large
amount, she did not know if I would be able to swallow all of it, but she knew
Michael would force her to.  She hesitantly let the hard cock push further into
her mouth, her tongue running over the head as she did.  She could feel it
twitch in her mouth, knowing that she was pleasing Michael.

	Michael watched as Rachel's innocent face allowed his cock to slowly
enter her mouth.  Her lips stretched wide over the head as the head of his cock
was swallowed up in her virgin mouth.  Her hot breath made his cock jerk in the
confines of her oral cavity as her tongue bathed it in saliva.  He allowed her
to suck only a little of his cock at a time, it would soon be time to face fuck
her and make her take his big cock into her throat.  His cock jerked again,
small amounts of cum leaking from the head as her tongue cleaned it. 

	Rachel moved the cock out and than back in, this time deeper into her
mouth.  She now had two inches of cock in her mouth, her tongue moving quickly
over it.  It was not so bad she thought.  She did not like the taste of his cum
but having his large cock in her mouth was not as bad as she thought it would
be.  Her lips were stretched wide over his cock as she began to move her head
back and forth over his cock, each time pushing more and more of the hot meat
into her virgin mouth.

	"Open your eyes and look at me as you suck my cock, I want to see that
virgin mouth wrapped around my cock.  And Jason wants to see how good of a
cocksucker you will become," Michael ordered her.

	Rachel looked up at Michael as she continued to suck his cock, over four
inches of thick cock in her mouth, her tongue running over the head of his cock
each time she sucked it in.  She could feel it bump against the back of her
mouth and she gagged as it pushed against her throat.  She pulled off of the
cock and than pushed it back in again, this time making sure it did not go so
deep.   She ran over tongue over it, bathing it with saliva, making it easier
for the hard cock to slide between her lips.  She began to pull it out and than
back in, her tongue running over it as her lips sucked hard on the cock.  She
began to enjoy the hot cock in mouth.  She could feel it jerking around in her
mouth as her tongue ran over the head of the cock.

	"Put you hands down to your sides and do not move them.  I want to fuck
your face, just like I am going to fuck your pussy.  Relax and breathe through
your nose and it will be much easier for you.  You are going to have to learn to
swallow all eight inches of my cock.  I don't care if you choke and gag, you
will have to get used to taking it deep into your throat."  Michael's hands
gripped Rachel tightly on the side of her head.  He watched as she hesitantly
dropped her hands to her side, her fists clenched in anticipation.

	Rachel submissively lowered her hands as she kneeled before Michael,
almost naked, her lips wrapped around his cock as Michael and Jason watched her
suck her first cock.  She felt Michael's large hands grip her head tightly and
she knew that she would be powerless to stop him from fucking her mouth.  She
thought this would be a gentle act, not a brutal fucking.  She felt her head
pushed forward as the cock began to enter her mouth deeper than before. 
"AAAHHH," she gagged as the cock pushed against the back of her throat. 
"AAAHHH," she cried again, as Michael pulled it out and than back in again,
making her gag.  Tears began to fall from her eyes as the cock gagged her each
time it pushed deep into her mouth.

	"Breathe through your nose and try to relax your throat.  You are going
to take my cock down your throat whether you like it or not.  This is for my
pleasure only.  Your gagging grabs my cock and milks it so I don't care how you
want to do it."  Michael pushed his cock further into her mouth, over 6 inches
now buried in her virgin mouth, two inches still to go.  He felt her gag again,
this time he did not pull back, forcing her throat to open to take the giant
cock. 

	Rachel began to choke as the thick cock pushed deeper into her skinny
throat.  "AAAHHH, GGGGRRRRR, UUUUGGGHHH," she gagged and choked as her throat
was forced to take the brutal thrusts of Michael's cock.  Tears were running
down her cheeks, her eyes still glued to Michael's as she watched him force his
cock into her once virgin mouth and throat.  "AAGGGHH," she cried, the thick
cock pushed into the back of her mouth, slowly entering her throat again, her
gag reflex milking it.  Michael did not pull out, but increased the pressure on
his cock, pushing deeper into Rachel's throat.  Rachel's mouth opened wide as
she choked and gagged on the cock, tears running down her cheeks. 

	Michael pushed his cock in her mouth deeper, holding her head tightly as
he forced her throat to accept the brutal fucking.  "That's a good girl, Rachel,
open your throat for me, take my cock in deeper."   He pulled his cock from her
throat and heard Rachel suck in fresh air.  "Tongue it," he ordered.  He felt
her tongue run over the head of his cock again.  His cock twitched in
anticipation.  "Open wide again and take a deep breath, relax your throat."  His
hands gently ran over her face before tightly gripping her head again.

	Rachel's body braced for the fucking of her throat again.  She sucked in
as much breath as she could and felt the cock push into her mouth.  Michael
gripped her head tightly and began to feed his cock into her mouth, pushing in
until he reached the back of her mouth again.  She gagged as it hit her tonsils
and his cock began to slowly slide down her throat.  The saliva on his cock
allowed it to slide deeper as she choked on the cock, opening up her throat for
the brutal cock.  She felt the giant cock expand her throat as it slowly opened
her up.  Over six inches of hard cock was buried in her mouth and she felt
Michael continue pushing the cock down her throat.  She gagged again, the large
cock choking her as it slowly forced itself down her throat.  She felt Michael's
hand move down to her throat, feeling his cock in her throat.  "Aggghhh," she
gasped as the cock in her mouth pushed into her throat, all eight inches of hard
and erect cock now buried in her mouth.  She choked as her mouth was pushed
tightly against Michael, her nose crushed against him, her mouth wrapped tightly
around his cock.

	"Good girl, you now have all of my cock buried in your virgin mouth.  I
can feel your throat massaging my cock.  You will be a great cocksucker for
Steven.  He will enjoy your hot mouth wrapped around his cock.  Now suck my cock
and make me cum."  Michael pulled his cock from Rachel's throat and heard her
gasp and suck in air.  His cock pulled out until only her lips were wrapped
around the head of his cock.  He felt her tongue lash out at the hard cock,
running over his piss slit, coaxing some pre-cum from his cock. 

	Rachel felt Michael's hands on her head loosen up.  He pulled his cock
out of her throat with a pop and she finally sucked in a breath of fresh air.
She heard Michael compliment her on being a "good cocksucker".  She felt ashamed
and at the same time she felt proud.  She had managed to swallow all of his
cock.  It had hurt and the gagging and choking had brought tears to her eyes,
but she had done it.  As Michael's cock was pulled out from her mouth she ran
her tongue over the head of his cock.  She wanted to please him so she massaged
his cock with her tongue and sucked the head of his cock like it was a lollypop. 
She moved her head up and down, sucking his cock and licking the side of his
cock with her tongue, bathing it in her saliva, mixed with his pre-cum.

	"Look at her suck your cock," Jason exclaimed as he watched Rachel's
head move up and down, Michael's cock sliding between her tightly clenched lips.

	Rachel turned red in embarrassment, knowing that Jason was watching her
suck Michael's cock.  She knew that as soon as Michael climaxed in her mouth,
Jason's cock would replace his in her mouth and she would be forced to suck his
cock until he also filled her mouth with his hot cum.  She moved her head
faster, her tongue bathing his cock.  She heard Michael groaning and she knew he
would soon be cumming.  She felt Michael's hands move back to the side of her
head, gripping her tightly.  She felt him pull mouth down on his cock again,
pushing it into her throat.  "GGGGHHHHRRR,  AAAGGGHH," she choked and gagged as
the hard cock entered her throat, forcing all eight inches of hard cock into her
mouth until her lips were crushed against his stomach.

	"I am going to cum in your mouth and I want you to swallow it.  Now be a
good girl and make me cum."  Michael pulled his cock from her throat and felt
her tongue bath his cock again. 

	Rachel's tongue moved rapidly over his cock.  She could taste some of
his cum already and knew that in only minutes her mouth would be filled with
Michael's hot and salty cum.  She moved her head up and down, sucking his cock,
pulling his hot cum from his balls.  She moved her hand down to his balls and
lightly touched the swollen sack.  It was hot and full of his sperm.  She
squeezed his balls, forcing his cum out.  She heard Michael groan and felt his
cock twitch and jerk in her mouth.  She heard him groan again and she felt his
cum shoot out into her mouth, bathing her tongue with his hot and thick cum. 
She ran her tongue over the head of his cock, coaxing another load of hot cum to
shoot out in her mouth.  She swallowed hard, allowing some of the first load of
cum to go into her stomach, her mouth ready for the next load of cum.  The
second load filled her oral cavity, the virgin mouth accepting Michael's sperm. 
She sucked the head of his cock, her tongue moving around his cock as a third
load of cum filled her mouth.  She swallowed and a fourth and final load of cum
shot into her mouth.

	Michael filled Rachel's virgin mouth with his hot cum.  He could feel
her tongue moving around his cock as he ejaculated in her mouth, her lips
wrapped tightly around his cock, stretched wide by his cock.  He filled her
mouth, heard her swallow as he shot another load, hearing her sucking on his
erect member.  She pulled her mouth off of his cock until only the head was held
by her lips.  She ran her tongue over the head, extracting another burst of hot
cum into her oral cavity.  A fourth and final blast of cum filled her mouth.  He
felt his cock begin to soften, but he kept it in her mouth, her tongue bathing
his cock clean of cum.  "Yes, Rachel, you learn well, you will make a good
cocksucker."  Michael pulled his cock from her lips, running the soft cock over
her lips and chins.  "Now do Jason, suck his cock and make him cum."

	Michael moved aside as Jason stood in front of Rachel.  He had already
removed his clothes, his cock standing hard and erect.  "Open wide, Rachel, I
want you to suck my cock like you did Michael's."  Jason pushed his cock into
Rachel's waiting mouth, feeling her tongue run over his cock as he pushed it
deeper into her oral cavity.  "Oh, yes, suck my cock," pushing his cock in and
out of her mouth, fucking her face.

	Rachel moved her head up and down on Jason's cock.  It felt different
from Michael's, bigger and harder as it fucked her face.  She felt hands on her
hips, lifting them up and she knew Michael had joined them.  Michael's hands
pushed between her thighs, already parted as his fingers ran over her exposed
pussy.  She was soaking wet, her pussy juice running down her thighs.  They were
turning her into a slut.

	"I want you to cum with Jason's cock in your mouth."  Michael's fingers
began to play with her pussy, spreading her pussy lips open, pushing her pussy
juice over her exposed body, from her pussy back up to her open and spread anus. 
He felt her body pushing back on his fingers as two fingers entered her wet
pussy, pushing into her virgin body.  Michael's felt her hymen and stopped,
moving his fingers around her open pussy, his other hand finding her clit,
pulling back her clit hood and grabbing with his fingers.

	Rachel was so hot, as Michael masturbated her pussy from behind, Jason's
cock moving in and out of her mouth, her tongue orally masturbating his cock. 
She could feel the beginning of an orgasm, she sucked the cock in her mouth
harder.  She wanted Jason to cum when she did. 

	Jason was ready to cum.  He had watched Rachel sucking Michael's cock
and her tongue was doing wonderful things to his cock.  He felt her fingers grab
his balls and that was all he needed.  He began to fill her mouth with his hot
cum.

	Rachel felt the cock in her mouth fill her with his cum.  She pushed her
pussy back on Michael's fingers as she began to cum at the same time.  Her hips
moved back and forth on his fingers, masturbating her pussy as she swallowed
Jason's cum.  Her pussy gripped Michael's fingers tightly as she climaxed, her
mouth swallowing Jason's thick and salty cum.  Her body shuddered and Jason had
to hold her from falling to the floor as her orgasm overcame her.  Jason's cock
softened in her mouth as she swallowed the last of his cum, some running down
her chin.

	"You're a good girl, Rachel.  Did you like your mouth filled with hot
cock?  Tomorrow I am going to take your virginity and fuck your teenage pussy. 
Your tight pussy is going to milk the cum out of my cock again and fill you full
of my cum.  Michael looked at Rachel, lying on the floor, almost naked, pussy
juice running down her thighs, cum drying on her chin.

Chapter 7- To be Continued




Author: Powerone
Title: Boarding School Sex Training
Part: Chapter 7
Summary: It is a story of the coercion of a young lady, Rachel, to fulfill the
sexual desires of her older Guardian. 
Keywords: M+/F, Virg, Reluc, Humil, Anal

You may contact the author at Controlher@hotmail.com.

Chapter 7- Rachel Loses Her Virginity

 	Rachel lay in the middle of a large circular bed, naked, her legs spread
wide, Stephen's legs pushing them outward.  His mouth was clenched tightly onto
her right nipple, sucking it deep inside, his tongue rasping over her hard and
erect nipple, now tender from the continual abuse Michael and Stephen had
inflicted on it.  She screamed in pain as his large cock brutally entered her
virgin pussy, tearing into the unused tract.  She looked up at Michael, standing
over her head, his naked cock in his hand, stroking it harder, watching as she
looses her virginity, smiling, knowing that his turn would be next.

	Michael smiled, he could almost feel her tight, teenage pussy gripping
his big cock when he would fuck her hard, his hand trying to duplicate the
feeling. 

	Rachel had gone back to her room and had taken a shower, hoping to wash
some of the sex from her body.  She brushed her teeth before the shower and
again after, still not completely getting the taste of cum out of her mouth.  It
was so thick and salty and seemed to settle in the back of her mouth.  She dried
off her body, her breasts hard and erect, tender from the abuse that Michael had
inflicted on them.  She put on a pair of pajama bottoms and a tee shirt and got
into bed.  She felt her body beginning to relax, sleep coming upon her.

	Michael entered her room, the small light in the corner illuminated it
gently.  He could see her turned on her side towards the door, the blanket
pulled up to her neck, her mouth slightly open.  Rachel had left his office a
few hours ago, but his cock had begun to harden again, thinking of her virgin
mouth wrapped around his cock, her hot breath, her tongue running over the head. 
He thought of how he had held her face tightly over his cock and filled her
teenage mouth with his hot cum and forced her to swallow it.  Then she was
forced to do the same for Jason while he had masturbated her until she had cum. 
He needed her again, he needed her to suck his cock again.

	Michael silently walked over to the bed, his hand stroking his cock
through his bathrobe.  As he neared the bed, he opened his robe, grabbing his
big cock, his hand fisting it, making it even harder.  He stopped by her bed,
towering over her, listening to her gentle breathing, seeing her mouth open,
making his cock hard.  He reached down to the top of the blanket and gently
pulled it down her body until it was bunched up at the end of the bed, her naked
breasts beneath the tee shirt heaving up and down.  He lowered his body down
until his cock was directly over her face, his cock beginning to twitch in
anticipation as he felt her hot breath on his erect member.  He grabbed his cock
and began to run it over her lips, his pre-cum glistening on her lips as it left
a trail.  Her lips quivered, but she did not stir as he continued to play his
cock around her mouth.  His hands reached down and pushed into the corners of
her mouth, slowly forcing a finger in each side, pulling her lips open more.  He
moved his cock onto the center of her mouth, within her gently parting lips and
began to enter her hot, teenage mouth with his pulsating cock, watching as her
mouth began to swallow up the head of his cock.

	Rachel slept restlessly, dreaming of how Michael had forced her to suck
his cock and than made her cum while she was forced to suck Jason's cock.  She
could almost imagine the cock rubbing over her lips, fingers pushing into her
mouth, forcing her mouth open and then the rubbery cock entering the hot
confines of her mouth again.  She was suddenly startled awake when she felt a
huge cock forcing itself into her mouth again, hands tightening on the sides of
her face, holding her open for the oral ravishment of her mouth again. 
"AAAGGGHH, what are you doing," she cried, her eyes opening suddenly, only able
to glimpse the hand and stomach of someone standing over her body, naked, but
she could feel the cock pushing into her mouth and taste the familiar, but
unpleasant taste of cum filling her mouth again.

	"Open your mouth, Rachel, time to suck my cock again.  You made me so
hard thinking about how I had fucked your mouth, I just had to have you again." 
Michael gripped her head tighter, fucking his cock further into her mouth,
watching as her lips stretched to accept the big cock.  Her lips felt like a
tight rubber band around his cock, massaging the member.  "Use your tongue, make
me cum in your mouth again, Rachel, you are going to swallow my cum again."

	"MMMGG, not again," she mumbled, "I need some sleep," she cried, but she
knew it would do no good.  Michael had made it a habit to visit her bed when she
was asleep and take her body any way he wanted, and tonight it would be her
mouth.  She relaxed her head and let him pull her down on the cock, it filling
her tiny mouth, as her tongue began to bathe the head of his cock, tasting the
cum it teased out of his balls.  "GGGGRRRRGGGHH," she mumbled on the cock, it
pushing to the back of her mouth, pressing up against her throat.  "AAAAHHH,"
she gagged as the thick cock made her choke, it continuing to relentlessly
plunge further into her mouth and entering her throat.  "AAAGGGHHH," her throat
choking again, her gagging massaging the hard cock in her throat.

	"Yes, take my cock, choke on it, it feels so good when your
inexperienced mouth and throat gags on my cock.  It massages it with your silky
insides, you're learning to be a good cocksucker, Stephen is going to be so
pleased with you.  He is going to fill your hot little mouth with gallons of
cum, you're going to be such a good little teenage cocksucker."  Michael pulled
his cock out of her throat, hearing her suck in a breath of oxygen before he
again began to fuck her throat again.  He felt her tongue run over his cock,
hoping to prevent him from forcing it back in her throat again, but Michael
wanted his cock deep inside her, wanted to hear her choke and gag on his cock. 
He pushed his cock back down her throat again, gripping her head tightly,
forcing her down on the cock.  He watched her hands grip the blankets as she was
forced to swallow the huge cock again, her throat forced open to accept the
large member, rasping along her delicate throat until his cock was fully lodged
inside her oral cavity.  He looked down, her lips wrapped around the base of his
cock, his cock buried inside her, pushing aside her tongue to bury itself in her
throat.  He saw her struggle, unable to breathe as his cock blocked her throat,
filling her full of cock.

	Rachel began to get lightheaded as she could only get a small amount of
air through her nose.  Her throat began to spasm on the cock, the coughing and
choking making her stomach jerk.  She tried to run her tongue over the cock,
anything to make him cum faster, but the cruel cock had pushed it aside like it
was butter as Michael face-fucked her.  "MMMMMGGGGHHH," she cried, the choking
bringing tears to her eyes as she looked up at Michael, praying for him to cum.

	Michael looked down at this teenage beauty and could not believe his
good luck.  Here he was, face fucking her, as she submissively allowed him to
have his way with her, taking his powerful plunges into her oral cavity.  "Yes,
soon, Rachel, soon I will cum in your mouth and let you swallow my cum.  You
want that, don't you, you want me to cum in your mouth, don't you?"

	Rachel looked up through her tear stained eyes and nodded her head yes,
anything to stop this brutal taking of her mouth, even if it meant him filling
her mouth again with his vile tasting cum again.  She felt the cock pull from
her throat, her tongue meeting it as it withdrew, running over it, hoping to
extract the cum from his balls.

	"Open your mouth wide, Rachel, I am going to shoot my cum into your
mouth.  I want you to flutter your tongue over it when I cum.  But, don't
swallow my cum until I tell you to."  He watched her mouth open even wider as he
pulled his cock from inside, resting it on her lips as his hand gripped it and
began to pump it up and down.  "Yes, that's a good girl, get ready, here it
comes."

	Rachel choked as the first load of cum shot out of his cock and shot to
the end of her mouth and burst into her opened throat.  She started to close her
mouth in reaction to the choking but opened it wide again, waiting for the next
load of hot cum to fill her mouth.  Oh, God, she thought as her mouth was filled
with another load of cum, the salty, pasty liquid settling down on her tongue.

	"Flutter your tongue on my cock, Rachel, suck the rest of my cum," he
ordered her, his hand pumping his cock harder.

	Rachel ran her tongue over the head of his cock as she felt another load
of cum shoot out the tip of it, splattering over her tongue, mixing with the two
loads already filling her mouth to capacity.  She had to hold back swallowing
the vile mixture, obeying Michael's orders, letting the cum sit heavily inside
her mouth.

	"Open up your mouth, I want to see my cum in your mouth.  Yes, that's
good, I gave you quite a load, didn't I.  It tastes good doesn't it, Rachel,
you're learning to like the taste of cum.  Wrap your lips around my cock now
Rachel and clean my cock with your tongue, get it clean for tomorrow when
Stephen and I fuck your virgin pussy." 

	Michael pulled his cock from her mouth with a pop, watching as some cum
rolled down her chin to puddle on the sheet.  "Sleep tight, Rachel, my cock will
see you tomorrow," leaving Rachel slumped on the bed, her mouth again tasting
like cum.

	Rachel slipped through the next day in a state of denial.  She went to
her classes, but did not pay attention, only thinking about what was to
transpire tonight.  She would lose her virginity, to either Michael or Stephen,
the other taking her again afterwards.  All her life she had fantasies of her
loosing her virginity with a handsome lover, in some romantic spot.  She knew
that this would not happen.  She was not sure how it would take place, but
Michael loved to humiliate her while forcing her to perform for him and Stephen. 
Finally classes were over and she returned to her room.  Dinner was brief and
then a quick shower and back into her schoolgirl outfit.  Michael had insisted
on that.  She went down to Michael's office and knocked on the door.

	"Enter, Rebecca," Michael called to her.  She saw Michael and Stephen
both in the office.

	"Hello Sir, hello Stephen," Rachel said, looking at both of them.

	"You look lovely tonight, Rachel," Stephen stated.  Michael tells me
your training is progressing very well.  In fact he tells me Jason has joined
him on a few occasions and they have both enjoyed your beautiful body.  Is that
true, Rachel?  Have you become a good cocksucker?"

	Rachel cringed at Stephen's words.  He was trying to humiliate her, just
like Michael always did.  "Yes, Sir."

	"Yes, sir, what, Rachel?"

	"Yes, they have taught me to suck a cock, sir."  She knew that they
wanted her to say the words.  To tell them the vile things they forced her to
do.   She watched as Stephen's hand moved down to his crotch, grabbing his cock. 
She knew that it would soon be inside her virgin pussy.

	"Let's go into the other room and get comfortable, you'd like that
wouldn't you, Rachel?"  Michael got up and gently led Rachel into the adjoining
room.  In the center of the room stood a large circular bed.  "We got this
especially for you, Rachel, in honor of this very special night."

	Stephen followed Rachel into the room, watching her ass as she walked in
front of her.  She had such a firm, tight ass.  Stephen loved girls at this age,
their body so delectable, taunt and so easy to train for sex.  He was going to
enjoy his three years with Rachel.  He would certainly have his fill of her
youthful body, but he would also share her with his friends.  Everyone would
have a chance to be inside of young Rachel, to feel how tight she is.

	Michael grabbed Rachel and pushed her to the bed.  She fell in the
center, her skirt sliding up her legs.  "No need to pull it down, we'll have it
off you soon enough," Michael said to her, sitting down on one side of her,
while Stephen sat on the other side of her.

	Rachel felt trapped between them, her skirt riding up high her shapely
legs, her panties almost showing.  Michael was pushed against her back while she
was facing Stephen.  She saw Stephen's hand reach out for her, knowing that it
was about to begin again.  They were going to take her body again, stripping her
naked and tonight they intended to fuck her, pushing their hard cocks into her
unused pussy.

	Stephen reached out for her, his hands moving to the side of her face,
drawing her closer to him.  "Kiss me, Rachel, French kiss me with your tongue,"
he ordered her.  He moved his mouth to hers, watching as her lips parted as his
lips touched hers.  He pushed his tongue into her mouth, feeling her tongue bath
his, darting over it, as his lips pushed hard onto hers.   One hand reached down
to her teenage breasts, grabbing it roughly, feeling her body jerk away from
him, then stop, Michael behind her forcing her back against him.  He grabbed her
tit flesh in his hand and squeezed tightly, feeling the soft resilient breast
mold into his palm.

	Michael, meanwhile, pushed Rachel back into Stephen's hands, his hand
pushing her down on the bed flat between them, her back to him, facing Stephen
and his searching hand.  His hand slide down her side, over her hips and moved
lower until it reached her naked leg.  His hand caressed her naked flesh, moving
in circles, each time up higher, pushing her skirt up until his hand caressed
her panty covered hips.  "Such a nice ass you have, Rachel, soon we will enjoy
that also.  Soon you will feel what it is like to have a hard cock plunged up
your tiny asshole."  His hand moved backwards over her asscheeks, massaging the
tight ass cheeks, feeling the tight teenage flesh before him.

	Rachel was trapped, Stephen's fingers becoming more insistent, pinching
and prodding her breasts, trying to find her nipples, pinching her flesh while
she squirmed on the bed, trapped between the two men.  Michael was pushed up
against her, his hand sliding her skirt up over her ass, the cool air on her now
naked legs.  She felt Stephen's hands move down the front of her blouse,
grabbing her tits as they moved over the buttons, unbuttoning them from the top
down to the bottom.  She felt him pull her blouse from her skirt, pushing it
back, revealing her bra-encased breasts to his hands.  She felt his hands on her
stomach, cold hands touching her warm belly as they moved up to her bra, feeling
her youthful breasts, fingers running over the top, feeling her naked flesh. 

	Meanwhile, Michael was successfully pushing up her skirt, revealing her
panty-covered ass to his gaze.  His hands ran over the perfect globes of her
ass, feeling the taunt flesh beneath his fingers, his cock hard.  He smothered
his hand down her legs, stretching her legs out straight, moving back up again,
this time his hand between her thighs, sliding over the youthful flesh, pushing
her thighs apart as it forced there way between them, feeling her thighs
clenching tightly onto his hands.  "Relax your thighs, my fingers are going to
get to your pussy one way or another.   You are going to get fucked tonight, so
you might as well relax.  It will less painful if you let me get you wet first,
otherwise Stephen's hard cock is going to hurt as he fucks you."  He felt her
thighs relax, his hands now having unfettered access to her teenage thighs,
moving up higher until they were trapped between her legs, her hot pussy resting
on the heel of his hand.  He moved his fingers, rubbing against her pussy lips,
her thighs trapping his hand again, not sure whether she was protesting his hand
or trapping it for her pleasure.
	
	Stephen pushed her blouse down her arms and slipped it off her
shoulders.  His hands moved behind her back, pushing her tits into his chest as
his fingers fumbled with her bra, unsnapping it, feeling the pressure released,
falling forward.  As his hands returned to the front, he pulled her bra forward,
off her shoulders and letting it slide down her arms.  He felt her hands rise up
and cover her naked breasts as the bra was stripped from her body.  "No time to
get modest with us, Rebecca, you will soon be stripped naked before us.  Now
remove your hands, I want to play with your tits."
	
	Rebecca let her hands fall, surrendering to Stephen.  She knew he was
right, she could not stop their assault on her tender body.  She felt Michael's
hands all over her ass, running over her flesh, feeling his fingers pulling down
the zipper of her skirt, unbuttoning the button and pulling it down her naked
legs.  She was now almost naked, only her panties hiding her pussy, but she knew
that was only temporary.  She could already feel Michael's hands moving to the
top of her panties, slipping inside, his hands running over her naked flesh.  It
would only be minutes before he would decided to finish stripping her naked. 
She worried about Michael behind her.  He loved to play with her tiny asshole. 
This is what she feared most.  They were always talking about fucking her
asshole with their big cocks.  And Michael was always putting his fingers up her
asshole, stretching it, getting it ready for when they fuck it.  She did not
know why anyone would want to play with her asshole.  To her it was disgusting,
always having a finger up her ass, making her tighten on it.  Why would anyone
want to put a cock up her backside?
	
	Stephen's fingers reached for her naked breasts.  Her nipples were
already hard and erect.  She protested the fondling of her breasts, but always
seem to enjoy it.  Even when they inflicted pain on the tender morsels, her
pussy always seemed to get wetter.  He grabbed both of the nipples, the dark
brown points begging for his fingers, sticking out, hard and erect.  He
tightened his grip on them, feeling the nipples crush between his fingers.  He
heard her gasp in pain out loud, her back arching, pushing her breasts further
into his hands.  He twisted the flesh between his fingers, hearing her moaning
in pain as he felt them become harder, reacting to the abuse.  "You like that,
don't you Rachel, you like when I pinch your nipples hard.  I bet your pussy is
getting wet."
	
	Michael moved his hand further down into her panties, the fabric sliding
down as they were forced down over her ass, revealing her naked ass cheeks to
his gaze.  His hands moved lower, down her ass crease, sliding over her delicate
anus to her pussy.  He felt the hot flesh of her pussy, wet and ready.  "Oh,
yeah, her pussy is already dripping.  It wouldn't take much to get her ready for
a fucking."
	
	Rachel closed her eyes in shame as she felt fingers running over her
pussy.  She knew she was wet, Stephen and Michael's fingers making her that way. 
She had tried to stop it, but the continual manipulation of her teenage body was
just too much.  She hated to admit it, but she got wet every time they stripped
her and abused her body.  She felt a finger begin to push into her pussy,
separating her flesh as her own pussy juice helped to glide the finger
effortlessly into her hot flesh.  Stephen's mouth had moved down to her breast
and his lips latched onto one of her nipples, sucking it deep inside of his
mouth, his teeth tapping lightly against the trapped nipple, eliciting sharp
pain onto the flesh.  She squirmed again between the two men, her body not sure
if it was trying to escape the finger in her pussy, or attempting to push it
deeper into her body.  It felt good, the digit moving around inside her, moving
from side to side as it bore relentlessly deeper and deeper inside her.  She now
lay naked on the bed, only her shoes and socks on her body, trapped between two
men, waiting to be fucked.
	
	Michael and Stephen continued to take liberties with poor Rachel, her
naked body now trapped between them.  Michael's fingers continued to run in and
out of her now dripping pussy, running over her clit, pinching the erect little
pea into hardness.  Stephen's fingers and mouth molested her breasts and
especially her nipples.  His mouth sucked her teenage breast in and once in, his
teeth would gnaw painfully on the delicate morsel dragging moans of pain from
her voice. 

	"It's time, Rachel, time to get fucked."  Michael turned Rachel over
onto her back.  Both of them sat up in the bed and looked down at sweet Rachel. 
She lay there on the bed, naked except for her shoes and socks highlighting her
naked flesh, her legs partly spread, her pussy juice glistening between her
legs, Stephen's saliva shining on her red and swollen nipples and breasts.  They
each grabbed one of her legs and began to spread them, watching as her pussy
began to spread open to their gaze.

	Rachel had to close her eyes as she felt them spreading her open.  She
could feel her pussy lips separating, the cool air blowing on her wet pussy as
the two men opened her.  She felt fingers caressing her thighs, more insistent
as they moved higher, reaching out for her pussy.  It was humiliating to be
stripped naked and opened before them, her face red in embarrassment.  She
arched her hips up from the bed as fingers pulled her pussy hair, spreading her
pussy lips open painfully.

	"Look at that pink, teenage pussy.  It's just waiting for a big cock to
open it up.  By time we are finished it's going to be red and inflamed, fucked
likes its never been fucked before.  Up Higher, Rachel, raise your pussy up for
us," fingers pulling her pussy hair, forcing her to rise up or her pussy hair
would be painfully torn from her body.  They watched as her young body obeyed,
her hips leaving the bed, arching up, her pussy spreading open wide from the
unnatural spread of her thighs.

	 "Good girl, Rachel, we like you when you open like this," Stephen
commented, his cock straining in his pants.
	
	Rachel's ass was forced up over a foot from the bed, her thighs
straining to keep the position, opened for them.  She felt hands return to her
pussy lips and pull them open wider, her lips straining, her insides now visible
to them.  She felt fingers running over her pussy, not sure who's, not caring. 
Some were tender, running gently over her pussy, pushing her pussy juice around
her open pussy.  Others were not, fingers pulling back her clit hood, exposing
the tiny pea sized clit, fingers grabbing it tightly and painfully, stretching
it from her tender body.  "MMMMM," she moaned in pain, the humiliating position
and the pain taking their toll on her teenage body.  "Please, no more, please,"
she begged.  She felt a hand reach under her ass, helping to support her raised
body.
	
	"That's a good girl, you're so open for us," Michael's hand under her
ass continued to move, grabbing her tight ass, feeling the flesh beneath his
fingers. 
	
	Stephen ran his fingers up and down her pussy slit, her wetness covering
his fingers.  He found her pussy opening and pushed a finger in, watching as her
pussy slowly spread open for the digit, grabbing it tightly as he continued to
push into her unused pussy.  "You're pussy is so tight, Rachel, it's squeezing
all the blood out of my finger, 
	
	Rachel still had her eyes closed but she could feel their eyes burning
onto her crotch.  She knew they were watching as her pussy gripped the finger
tightly, screwing into her body, raised up, open for their inspection.  Michael
pushed her body higher, Rachel having to arch her back from the bed, forcing her
breasts to stick out more.  The finger retreated from her pussy but only
temporarily.  It returned, this time two digits, forcing her pussy to spread
open.  Once inside, she could feel the digits spread, the cool air blowing
inside her hot pussy as she was opened.  She could feel the eyes trying to stare
inside of her most intimate part of her body.  Not even a doctor had looked
inside her pussy, now she was being spread open for their inspection.  The
fingers felt like tiny animals moving around inside her body, pushing in, then
out, then forcing there way back in again.  "MMGGG," she moaned, this time in
pleasure, as her virgin pussy felt the fingers masturbating her.
	
	"Feel her asshole, Stephen, it's really tight also.  You're really going
to love to fuck it."  Michael pushed Rachel up higher, her body strained to
maintain the position.
	
	Rachel cringed when she heard them talk of her asshole.  It was
beginning again.  She felt Stephen's fingers slide down her pussy slit, soaking
up her pussy juice as it sought out her defenseless asshole.  She braced her
body for the attack on her anus, clenching her ass cheeks tightly.
	
	Michael saw her clenching her body, his hand swinging back and slapping
harshly on her open and spread pussy with a thundering slap that rang out in the
room.  He had to hold her body up as she tried to escape the brutal slap. 
"Don't do that again.  I want you body open to whatever we want to do to it. 
Now let Stephen at your tight asshole," he ordered her.
	
	Rachel screamed in pain as they harsh hand slapped her delicate pussy
lips.  Michael held her body up, not letting her escape the cruel hand, the hand
boring into her body, the pain shooting up into her brain.  She relaxed her ass
cheeks, not wanting another repeat of the last slap.  She felt Stephen's fingers
slip between the cheeks of her ass, searching out her asshole, pressing onto the
tiny orifice, pushing in, feeling her body forced to open to allow the entrance
of the digit.  She jerked as her asshole spread open, the finger pushing
relentlessly into her back passage, plundering her anal tract.  She arched her
ass up higher, attempting to escape the finger, but Stephen's finger kept
pushing, shooting higher and higher up her asshole.
	
	"Tighten up your asshole on my finger, show me how tight you are,"
Stephen ordered her, watching as her tiny asshole gripped his finger tightly. 
He screwed his finger in further, watching her cringe in pain as it rasped
harshly up her backside.  "Relax your asshole, that's a good girl, I like to
watch your asshole perform for us.  Again, Rachel, show Michael how your asshole
can squeeze down on my finger," Stephen watching Rachel's humiliation of forcing
her asshole to perform for their amusement.  Stephen removed his finger from her
asshole, watching as her tiny asshole snapped shut.  He wiped his finger on her
thighs. 
	
	Michael removed his hand from under Rachel, allowing her body to lower
back down to the bed.  He saw Stephen undress as he removed his clothes, both of
them now naked beside tiny Rachel.  Their cocks protruded out in front of them,
waiting for their chance in her virginal body.  Stephen crawled between Rachel's
legs, his knees pushing out on her thighs, forcing her legs to spread wide.  His
hard cock pointed towards her hot pussy, ready to fuck her.
	
	Rachel felt the weight of Stephen on her body, Michael's hands reaching
for her legs and pulling them to the side more, forcing her pussy to open more,
hot and wet, waiting for Stephen's hard cock to fuck her.  She felt Stephen's
hand fist his cock, rubbing the huge head up and down her pussy slit, her body
tingling in anticipation as she felt the hot member rub over her exposed clit.
	
	Michael moved to the top of the bed, standing over Rachel, watching her
expression as he stroked his hard cock.  He saw Stephen's mouth move down to her
breasts, his lips attaching to one of them, his teeth nibbling painfully on the
hard and erect nipple, Rachel's back arching up, attempting to escape the harsh
pain.
	
	Rachel felt the hard cock push against her spread pussy.  It felt huge. 
She did not know how it would fit, but she knew they would make sure she took
the whole thing into her virgin pussy, painful or not.  She tensed her body as
she felt Stephen's body tense, waiting for the forceful first thrust into her
body.  She felt him put his mouth over her, whispering to her first.
	
	"I want to hear you scream as I fuck you, I want to hear how much my big
cock is tearing open your tiny pussy."  He pressed his mouth over hers and began
to push on his hips, feeling his hard cock begin to spread her teenage pussy
open, forcing her vagina to stretch wide to accept the cruel cock boring into
her body.  He pushed hard and felt her pussy stretch open and accept the head of
his cock, her pussy feeling like a thick rubber band gripping his cock tightly.
	
	Rachel bucked under Stephen as her pussy tore open as his thick cock
bore into her body.  She screamed into Stephen's mouth as the pain raced from
her groin to her brain, her body feeling like his cock was tearing her pussy. 
She opened her eyes, seeing Michael above her, his hand stroking his cock as he
smiled at her, enjoying her pain.  The cock pulled out only a millimeter before
pushing back in again, the feeling of her body tearing open again as she was
forced to accept the hard cock in her vagina.  "PlLLLLEEEAASSEE, nooo, it
hurtsss toooo much, take it out, you bastard," Rachel screamed.  She twisted on
the bed but Stephen's body followed hers, his cock pulling out before pushing
back in again.  Another jolt of pain as his cock was now over two inches into
her painfully spread pussy tract and forcing itself into her body further.
	
	Stephen could not remember a pussy that was this tight.  It was a while
since he had a virgin this young before.  He loved the sound of their screams as
his cock tore into their body, forcing them to take their first fuck.  Her pussy
gripped his cock, making it difficult to push into her body.  He pushed down on
his hips forcefully, feeling her body open painfully to his invading cock,
pushing aside all resistance in her young body as three inches of hard cock now
invaded her pussy, gripping the cock in her body.
	
	Rachel bucked up and down on the bed, trying to escape these evil men
and their large cocks, but only succeeded in planting Stephen's cock deeper and
deeper into her unused pussy.  Each time he withdrew until only the head of his
cock was gripped by her pussy and then plunged in again, this time going into
untouched territory, forcing a new scream of pain from her lips as more of his
cock was forced into her pussy.  She felt Stephen's hands reach under her ass,
pulling her up onto his cock, forcing her to take the cock in her pussy deeper
and deeper.  Now over six inches of cock was being pushed in and out of her
pussy, the walls forced to spread wide to take the hard organ.  She wiggled her
ass as she felt his fingers searching for her asshole again.  "No, please, not
there, not my asshole.  Your cock already hurts my pussy, not my asshole,
please," she begged. 
	
	Michael watched as Rachel's eyes opened wide in pain as he saw Stephen's
hands reach under her ass.  He knew that she hated it when they fingered her
asshole, exactly what Stephen had planned for her delectable body.  She screamed
out in pain, her ass arching up, forcing the cock deeper into her body.  He knew
that Stephen's finger must have found her tiny orifice and plunged ruthlessly
into her asshole.  He could see that her pussy had swallowed almost all eight
inches of Stephen's cock, her pussy lips stretched tightly around the erect
instrument, her legs spread obscenely, her jagged breathing testament to the
pain Stephen was inflicting on her body.
	
	"How do you like your first cock, Rachel?  You are so tight, I am not
sure if I can even fuck you, but I will try very hard.  It might hurt you, but
it will pleasure me very much," Stephen laughed.  He watched Rachel's face as he
drew his cock out of her body, watching her pussy gripping the large cock as it
pulled out.  "Yes, it's going back in again, this time you will have to take all
eight inches of it.  Scream for me Rachel, scream for me."
	
	Rachel screamed as loud as she could as she felt the huge cock tearing
into her previously unused pussy, pushing aside her delicate tissue as it pushed
painfully into her body until it battered against her cervix.  She felt the
finger in her asshole pushing in hard, forcing her asshole onto the digit as she
tried to escape the battering cock, only to push back up again, forcing her
pussy to accept the hard cock.
	
	Stephen pushed down on her body, his cock buried deep inside her pussy,
his cock twitching in anticipation as it was milked by her pussy.  It felt so
good that he drew back out again until the head was grabbed by her pussy and
then pushed back in again, forcing her to accept all eight inches again.  He
heard her scream, this time not as loud as his stomach pounded onto her, his
cock buried deep inside her again.  He felt her pussy spasm in pain, gripping
his cock.  "Yeah, grab my cock with your pussy, you're going to be a good fuck
once you learn.  And you will learn, your pussy is going to get a lot of cock
and a lot of cum before you are finished." 
	
	Rachel felt Stephen lift up from her body, the relief of his weight only
temporary.  She felt him move his fingers between their bodies, searching out
her clit.  He found the hard bud and pushed it up against his hard cock.  He
flexed his hips and drove his cock into her.  Rachel groaned as the cock opened
up her pussy again, his cock rasping along her clit as it pushed into her body. 
She arched up, the pain lessening, the pleasure of his fingers on her clit
bringing new sensations to her inexperienced body.  The cock pulled out, the
finger opening up her asshole again, forcing her body to arch up.  When the cock
reached her pussy lips it pushed back in again, her clit trapped tightly against
the side as it plunged back inside her again.  "MMMMM, please, more, no don't,"
she cried out, not sure what she wanted.  His finger in her asshole hurt, but
her clit was getting bigger and bigger, his finger and cock driving new
sensations from the delicate bud.
	
	Michael saw the changed expression on Rachel's face as she began to
enjoy the fucking she was receiving.  Stephen's hard cock was still pounding
into her teenage flesh but she was accepting each punishing plunge and pushing
back for more.  Her ass arched off the bed each time, part from the digit pushed
into her asshole, partly because her pussy felt empty each time he withdrew and
wanted the hard cock back again.  Michael leaned down to Rachel's head and
whispered in her ear, "you're fucking like a little slut, you like that cock
inside you, wait it will soon be my turn," his fist rubbing his hard cock over
her face as he watched Stephen's fucking of this once virgin.
	
	Rachel had never felt anything so exciting as this.   Even when she
masturbated, it was nothing like having a big cock in your pussy.  Even the
stripping of her body and the forced fuck was having an effect on her.  She lay
on the bed, naked, one on them fucking her hard, the other rubbing his cock over
her face, his hot cum dripping onto her cheeks.
	
	"I want you to cum for me, Rachel.  Cum when I do.  I am going to fill
your hot pussy with my hot cum," Stephen told her, his cock pumping her pussy,
his finger gripped tightly in her rectum.
	
	"No, don't cum in me, please don't cum in me," she begged.  She began to
panic, she did not want her pussy filled with his cum.  She did not want to get
pregnant, she was too young.
		
	"I don't care if I give you a baby, your just a receptacle for my cum. 
It might be interesting to fuck a pregnant girl, your fat belly and your swollen
tits.  Here it comes, bitch, take my cum," his fingers grabbing her clit.  He
could feel her body getting ready to cum.  "Yes, that's a good girl, cum on my
cock."
	
	Rachel arched her body up as she felt his fingers continually
masturbating her swollen clit.  Two fingers entered her asshole, sending a new
batch of pain up her body, thrilling her as her asshole clamped down on the
marauding digits.  "OHHHH, GGGGOOOODDD, " she screamed in ecstasy, her first
orgasm with a real cock rocking her.  Her body trembled as her pussy and asshole
gripped the fingers and cock inside her body.  The cock continued to pound up
and down her pussy, rubbing her tender insides.  She felt it shudder and Stephen
moan and knew that he was shooting inside her.  She could feel his cock plunge
deep inside her, it twitching as it shot.  She could feel the hot cum pushing
inside her, bathing her battered pussy.  She turned red as she heard her pussy
noisily grabbing the slick cock as it began to pull out and then back in again,
air escaping noisily, almost a farting sound as her pussy was sprayed with his
hot cum.  She felt another orgasm, her pussy walls gripping the cock as it
continued to fuck her, his hardness going fast.
	
	Stephen slumped down on her body, his cock spent inside her teenage
pussy.  She was no longer a virgin, her pussy had taking his hard fucking and he
had made her cum.  He pulled himself up and watched as her pussy continued to
grip his softening cock as he pulled it nosily from her body until it came out
with a loud pop.
	
	Michael rubbed his cock over her face, watching the relaxation spread
across her body as she came down from the orgasm.  "Don't get too comfortable,
you're going to have to fuck my cock next," his cock dripping pre-cum onto her
lips as he rubbed the erect member over her face.
	
	Steven got off of Rachel and Michael took his place on the bed.  He
scooted up between her legs, pushing them further apart as he moved forward.  He
stared at her, sweat glistening on her nubile, teenage body, cum running down
her thighs, her pussy turning a darker red from the hard pounding she had taken
from Stephen's cock.  He kneeled between her legs, her pussy just inches from
his hard cock.  He stroked it, becoming harder as he pumped his hand up and down
the big organ, getting it ready to fuck her.  
	
	Rachel felt Michael move between her legs and she stared down at another
big cock that was going to tear into her once virgin pussy.  She felt Michael's
hands grab her legs and pull them up towards her head, bending her back and
spreading her open again.  "OOOWW, that hurts," she cried as Michael bent her
legs obscenely, her thighs aching from the position he was trying to force her
into.  Her legs went up higher, now almost up to her head, raising her ass
almost off the bed.  The plane of her groin was now open and spread before him,
her pussy lips spreading wide, her asshole pucker clearly opened.  She had never
felt so humiliated and exposed as she did now, the men staring down at her open
sex.
	
	Michael fisted his cock, pushing the big head against her pussy.  She
was still wet, Stephen's cum mixed with hers as Michael began to push against
her tiny hole.  Her pussy had already began to shrink back down, the big cock
forcing it to open again.  He watched as the tiny hole spread slowly, gripping
the hard cock as he flexed his hips and pushed his cock into her defenseless
body.  He pushed her legs up higher, her pussy flexing against his cock as he
pushed down harder, the head of his cock suddenly popping inside her teenage
pussy.  He shuddered as the tight pussy gripped his cock, feeling like a pair of
pliers wrapped around the head of his cock, tightening on it.
	
	"AAAGGGHH, not again, not so hard, I'm too sore, please," she begged,
her body aching from being almost bent in half, Michael's big cock forcing her
pussy open again.  "OOOWWW," the pain as her pussy was stretched open again, the
hard cock tearing at her tiny pussy, pushing it open, forcing into her once
virginal body.  Rachel felt the hard cock flex inside her pussy, her pussy
gripping it in self-defense, the cock beginning to drive deeper into her body as
his weight bore down on her body, forcing the cock to drive deeper into her
pussy.
	
	Michael leaned back, looking at his cock as three inches was now buried
in her tight pussy.  Stephen might have been the first one in her pussy, but it
still felt hardly used.  It was gripping his cock so tight, he thought the head
might burst.  He flexed his ass, forcing his cock inside her pussy to push
another two inches of hard, steel cock inside her.  He could feel her body
shuddering as he speared her teenage body with his cruel cock, sending it into
pussy.  He saw her tiny asshole peeking out below, a tiny star between the
cheeks of her ass, slightly red and swollen from the fingers that had invaded
it.  He loved to fuck teenage assholes, listening as they screamed in pain as
their backside was invaded by large cocks sending shooting pain up their spine. 
He liked to pin them to the bed, face down, legs spread, unable to escape,
forced to lay there, as a huge log of a cock pushed up their asshole.
	
	Rachel moaned in pain as her pussy was spread open again, the hard cock
forcing aside her tender insides, tearing along her passage as it fucked in
harder and harder.  She felt the cock pull out until only the head was gripped
by her pussy and then begin again the invasion of her body, forcing it back in,
sliding inside her cum soaked pussy, each time more cock entering her body.  His
body weight forced her legs back and out, feeling like her pussy was going to
tear from the spread of her legs.  "NNNOOOTTT so hhaard," she cried out, Michael
smiling as he fucked his cock inside her hard, burying all of it inside her
until it banged painfully against her cervix.  She looked up and saw Stephen
above her head, lowering his flaccid cock onto her lips, it still glistening
with their cum.  "MMMMM," she mumbled, her lips tightly closed as Stephen rubbed
the vile tasting member over her lips, leaving a trail of cum glistening in the
light.
	
	Stephen put his fingers over her nose, cutting off her oxygen supply. 
He saw her hold out for a minute before her mouth opened to suck in a big breath
of air, but only to receive a mouthful of cum soaked cock.  "Clean it, Rachel,
get my cock clean," he ordered her, pushing his hips forward until all of her
cock was buried in the confines of her hot mouth.
	
	Michael began to ruthlessly fuck her hard, wanting her to feel every
inch of his steel-like cock pushing into her body, his balls slapping loudly
against her open and spread asshole as he fucked her.  He pushed her legs back
up further, almost behind her ears, leaving her pussy open and vulnerable to the
pounding fucking of his cock.  He looked at her face, her face showing the
pounding he was giving her, her mouth wrapped around Stephen's cock, it already
beginning to get hard again.  He moved his fingers down to her clit, finding the
hard little button and grabbing it tightly.  "Cum for me, Rachel, I want you to
cum when I fill your hot teenage pussy with my cum.  I know you have another cum
in you."  He pinched and prodded her clit with his fingers, his cock pulling and
pushing into her tight pussy, her wetness letting him speed up the fuck of her
pussy.
	
	Rachel did not know how much more of this she could take.  Stephen's
cock in her mouth tasted vile, covered with his and her cum and now it was
starting to get hard again.  She knew that her pussy could not take another
fucking by them.  They had battered her young body with their big cocks, tearing
into her unused pussy.  She grabbed Michael's cock with her pussy, squeezing it
tightly, hoping to get him to cum.  Anything to get it over with.  She squirmed
on the bed, her legs bent high over her head, her body painfully bent in half,
forced to take his cock as it fucked her hard.  She felt the fingers on her
clit, grabbing the sensitive, but swollen little bud, stimulating her again. 
Oh, god, not again, they were going to make her cum again, this time while
getting fucked hard.  She moved her hips side to side, trying to escape the
fingers, but only helping them to stimulate her clit as the fingers held tight,
stretching the hard bud.  "Fuck me," she cried, "make me cum."
	
	"Yeah, I knew you would like fucking, Rachel, your body was made for big
cocks.  I'll make you cum," his fingers masturbating her to an orgasm.  He
pushed in deep, burying his cock deep inside her cunt and began to shoot her
full of his, sticky cum.  He pulled out, hearing the squishing noise in her
pussy as he let go another load of cum in her, forcing it back deep inside her. 
He felt her body shudder as she began to cum, her pussy clamping tightly onto
his cock, squeezing the last of the cum from his balls.
	
	"OOOOHHHHH, GGGGOOOODDD, I cummming."  Rachel felt her body explode, she
could feel her pussy grabbing the cock inside her, trapping it, the pulsating
cum shooting out, filling her pussy.  Another tremor hit her, her ass rising
higher on the bed, trying to suck more of the cock into her pussy.  Her body
shook, her skin covered in sweat.  Fucked by a big cock.
	
	Michael and Stephen pulled their cocks from her body, looking at Rachel
lying on the bed, covered in sweat and cum, curled into a ball.  They had fucked
her almost unconscious.  They left the room, leaving her alone and spent.
	
	It took Rachel almost a half-hour to gain her strength back and get
dressed.  She made it back to her room, a quick shower to wash the smell of sex,
sweat and cum from her body.  She got into bed naked, too tired to try to find
any clothes to cover her body.
	
	Two hours later, Rachel sound asleep and the light appeared in her room
as the door was quietly opened.  Michael heard the soft sound of her breathing. 
She lay on the bed, face down, the blanket half off of her naked back.  He knew
she was naked underneath the blanket.  He walked toward the bed, opening his
robe and letting it fall to the floor as he did.  His cock stood out hard and
erect.  He wanted her again.  He needed her again.  He pulled the blanket from
her body, letting it fall to the floor at the foot of the bed.  Her naked ass
beckoned to him.  He grabbed her ankles loosely in his hands and heard her
murmur as he slowly spread her legs, watching as her pussy and asshole spread
open before him.  He knelt between her legs, moving his body up until he was
over hers.  His hands reached down and grabbing her hips, started to pull her
ass up in the air, her knees bending beneath her.
	
	"WWWWHHHat," she cried, awake and confused.  She felt hands on her hips
and her body being raised up.  She felt a hard, hot instrument being pushed
against her pussy.  "OOOOWW, not again, it hurts too much already," knowing that
it was Michael's cock.  She would have to fuck him again.  She had no choice. 
He did not care how much it hurt when his cock started to push into her pussy,
now swollen and red from the previous brutal fucking.  She was placed on her
knees, her ass and pussy displayed openly to him, ready to be fucked like a dog. 
She felt the hard cock pierce her pussy and push into her hard.  She was not
ready, but he did not care.  The cock began to ruthlessly fuck her again and all
she could do is lay there submissively and wait for him to fill her with his hot
cum again.  The cock began to pound her hard, the position allowing Michael's
cock to fuck into her deeper, battering her body from the inside.  Her breasts
swung as he fucked her, his fingers reaching out and grabbing the nipples and
milking them as they hung down.  She felt a finger on her asshole and almost bit
her lip as the finger pushed dryly up her anal tract, spreading her open as the
cock continued to fuck her hard.
	
	"Here it comes, Rachel, ready for another load of cum?"  Michael pounded
his cock into her emptying his balls inside her again.  His finger corkscrewed
into her asshole, feeling her body shudder in pain.  His other hand milked the
hanging nipple, pulling it down until it almost reached the bed.  "You're a
great fuck, Rachel, a real great fuck," his cock finally satisfied, her pussy
now full of his cum again.  He got up, pulling his cock from her body and left
her, face down, naked, cum on forming a puddle on the bed beneath her.
	
To Be Continued

Rachel Takes A Cock Up Her Asshole
Chapter 8




Author: Powerone
Title: Boarding School Sex Training
Part: Chapter 7
Summary: It is a story of the coercion of a young lady, Rachel, to fulfill the
sexual desires of her older Guardian. 
Keywords: M+/F, Virg, Reluc, Humil, Anal

You may contact the author at Controlher@hotmail.com.

2003 Golden Clitorides Nominated Best Serial Story

Chapter 8-Rachel Takes It In The Ass

	Today was a special day for Michael and Stephen.  They both enjoyed the
pleasures of a girl's ass and the idea of being the first to fuck Rachel in her
tight asshole made them so anxious.  Michael knew that Stephen would be first,
but he knew that even second, she would still be very tight.  And since she had
hated each time they had stuck their fingers up her asshole, it would make it
all that much better.  After tonight, she will have been fucked in all of her
holes.  She would be ready for Stephen and her new life.
	
	Rachel dressed in the clothes that Michael had ordered her to wear.  It
was not the usual schoolgirl outfit that was usually required of her.  It
consisted of a white tee shirt that stopped at mid belly, no bra, a black thong
panty, a short, but full skirt and sneakers and white socks.  She knew that
somehow, tonight was going to be different then the others.  They intended to
fuck her in her asshole tonight.  This is the part she dreaded the most.  It was
bad enough that they continually stuck their fingers up her asshole, stretching
and tearing her tiny asshole.  Tonight they intended to shove their big cocks up
her asshole and fuck it like it was her pussy.  She knew that it would hurt and
that they would like that.  They liked it when she screamed as they stuck their
cocks into her teenage body. 
	
	She looked into the mirror, admiring her body in the outfit they chose
for her.  Her breasts pushed hard against the thin fabric, her nipples pointed,
straining the material.  There was no sag in her breasts, even without a bra. 
Her naked belly, tanned and tight accented the white top.  The black skirt
covered little, revealing a long expanse of tanned and toned legs tipped with
the sneakers and white socks.  Yes, she certainly looked good.  Too bad she had
to waste her young body on Michael and Stephen.  She hated having them take
liberties with her body, owning it, subjecting her to whatever indignities they
desired.  But, it will only be two years and then she would be able to live
comfortably for life.
	
	She knocked on Michael's office door and was welcomed with a "Come in,
Rachel, we have been expecting you."
	
	Rachel was shocked when she entered the room.  Most of the furniture had
been moved from the center of the room.  In their place stood a long table
covered in black velvet plush, thick and soft.  Around the table were various
pillows of various sizes and shapes, again all covered in the black velvet
plush.  The table was large and she instantly knew its purpose.  It was big
enough to hold a female lying down on it.  It was also wide enough to
accommodate the wide expanse of a pair of legs spread wide.  She knew it would
be where she would be fucked in the ass tonight.
	
	She had only expected to see Michael and Stephen in the room.  Already
seated was Justin.  He had a girl seated next to him.  She would later find out
that this was Deena, his girlfriend. 
	
	She was about the same age as Rachel and had a body that strongly
resembled Rachel's, except her breasts were smaller.  Deena had been dating
Justin for over six months and found that their sex lives were continually being
expanded by him.  Deena was partial to other woman and when Justin told her that
they would be seeing Rachel getting ass fucked for the first time she did not
hesitate to agree to attend.  She was hoping that maybe she might also have a
chance to play with Rachel.  Justin had told her that other people would be
present and she would be required to masturbate and suck his cock in front of
them, she did not hesitate.  Justin had told her that she was a great cocksucker
and she did have a flare for trying new things.
	
	Two boys were also in the room and they looked younger then Rachel. 
Michael had asked them to attend to further humiliate Rachel.  He knew that she
would feel uncomfortable with them watching.
	
	"Good evening, Rachel," Michael addressing her from the desk.  "You look
lovely tonight, that top does wonders for your tits.  I can see your nipples
pushing out already.  And great legs, turn around and stop, show everyone that
nice ass.  Yes, stop now.  Pull your skirt tighter so we can see those tight
little cheeks.  Yes, we certainly are going to enjoy that nice tight ass
tonight, aren't we, Rachel?  Tell everyone what we are going to do you tonight,
Rachel?"  Michael smiled, he loved humiliating her, that is why he brought the
two younger boys and allowed Justin to bring Deena.  It would be showing her
naked body to new people and he intended to make her expose herself to them
intimately.
	
	It had already begun.  Michael was already making her parade her body
for their pleasure.  She turned around and pulled her skirt taunt, so it clung
to her ass cheeks.  "You are going to fuck my asshole," she blurted out in
response to Michael's question.
	
	"Yes, that is correct," Stephen chimed in.  "You don't like it when we
play with your little asshole, do you Rachel?"
	
	"No Sir, but I am yours to do as you and Michael desire.  Why are the
others here, Sir?"
	
	"You are a very beautiful girl, Rachel and we like to show you off. 
Justin has already seen you and the other two boys have not had much experience
with girls yet, so we thought that they might enjoy you showing your naked body
to them and show them your considerable sexual talents."  Stephen smiled in
pleasure, he loved owning this little girl as his fuck-toy.
	
	"Step over her, Rachel," Stephen motioning over to his side. 
	
	Rachel moved towards him, his hands already out, ready to touch her body
again.  She moved in front of his chair, only inches from his hands.  She looked
down and saw his hands move towards her and she felt the first touch on her
hips, pulling her closer.
	
	Stephen's cock was already hard as she moved towards him.  The outfit
Michael picked for her really showed off her assets.  He grabbed her hips and
pulled her closer to him.  He looked at her breasts, the nipples already hard
and pushed tightly against the thin tee shirt.  He could make out the dark
areolas around her pink nipples through the fabric.  He loved young breasts, so
firm and resilient.  He couldn't wait to touch them again, but first things
first.  His hands moved down her hips, not having to travel very far before they
encountered naked flesh.  He felt the flesh, so tanned and supple.  "Turn around
and let the others see you."  He pushed onto her hips until she stood facing the
others, his hands now ready to begin exploring her teenage body again.  His
hands moved behind her, moving up her legs, higher and higher under her skirt. 
He felt her naked ass cheeks, happy that Michael had furnished a thong for her
to wear.  "Spread your legs for me, Rachel," waiting for her to comply, knowing
the others would be watching her submitting to his lewd ravishment of her body. 
"Eyes forward, let everyone see you enjoying yourself."
	
	Rachel looked up, seeing all of the eyes on her.  Her legs spread almost
mechanically now use to the orders.  She felt his cold hands on her ass and her
body shivered in fear.  She spread them wider, reacting to his command.
	
	"Wider please, Rachel.  Yes, that's so nice.  It is so lovely to see a
young girl like you with her legs spread wide, so open, so available."  His
hands gripped her ass cheeks tightly, squeezing the teenage flesh between his
fingers.  Her hips moved slightly forward as he did.  He relaxed and then
squeezed again, her hips moving again.  His hands traced down the crack of her
ass, down until he reached her pussy, the thong barely covering her.  He felt
her dampness.  "Our dear little Rachel is already getting wet, aren't you,
Rachel?"  His fingers continued to move between her legs, pressing her panties
into her pussy mound, feeling her pussy lips spread, her panties pushed between
them.  His fingers began to get wet as her panties soaked up some of her pussy
dew.  "Rachel has such a lovely ass and her pussy always seems to be wet. 
Rachel, why don't you walk around and let everyone have a feel of your body, you
wouldn't mind, would you?"
	
	Rachel walked over to Michael, turned with her back to him and spread
her legs, ready for him to inspect her body.  She did not have to wait long, she
felt hands pull up her skirt, revealing her naked ass.  Hands gripped her flesh
hungrily, pulling on her naked cheeks before fingers ran down into her pussy
again, rubbing her pussy juice into her panties.  A sharp slap on her ass told
her it was time to move and she went over to Justin and Deena, hoping to do the
boys last.  She turned her back to Justin, but felt hands move her sideways
until she was in front of Deena.  She had not expected that, she had expected
Justin to touch her.
	
	"Spread your legs for me," the feminine voice rang out in the room as
Deena ordered her to obey.
	
	Rachel cringed, but obeyed, bracing for the hands to move over her
flesh.  She did not know how to react to this unexpected situation.  She felt a
pair of soft hands caressing her naked ass, not the painful grabbing of lust,
but the gentle hands of a woman that knew what it felt like.  She felt one hand
grab the thong from between her asscheeks and pull it aside.  The hands moved up
under her skirt, running fingers along the cheeks of her ass, moving down to her
pussy, now wet in anticipation.  She felt the soft hands nudge her thighs apart,
forcing her to spread her legs more, opening herself open to the female
ministrations of her open sex.  Her face became flushed as she felt the fingers
moving under her panties, pushing between her pussy lips.  She felt a sudden
wetness between her legs as the fingers played with her pussy like no one had
ever done before.  She moaned quietly, hoping that the others would not see
increasing desires.
	
	"It would seem that our Rachel likes the caresses of Deena.  Is that
right, Rachel?  Would you like Deena to join us some time and have her play with
your delightful body?"  Stephen watched the passion in Rachel's face turn to
embarrassment as all watched her as Deena played with her wet pussy, the sound
of her fingers rubbing noisily over her wet pussy ringing out in the room.
	
	Deena leaned over to Justin and whispered to him, "Can I Justin, can I
play with them?  Talk them into letting me do her, I will even let them fuck me,
even in my asshole, if that is what it takes, please?"
	
	Oh, God, thought Rachel, they might make her have girl sex with Deena,
"please don't let her," yet her hips began a slow motion on the finger that
played with her pussy.  She could feel the finger playing over her pussy lips
until it reached her clit, her body shuddering as the soft fingertips grabbed
her clit so tenderly.  "AAAHH," she moaned, feeling her clit swell as Deena
lovingly caressed it.
	
	"That's enough for Deena, why don't you move over to the boys.  They
have never seen anyone quite as beautiful and they have never seen someone as
submissive as you.  And I can guarantee they have never touched anyone as
beautiful as you," Michael laughing as Rachel moved towards the two boys.
	
	The boys were excited as they watched Deena playing with Rachel's body. 
They watched as she moved over to them, their hands reaching out to touch her,
pulling them over to them quickly, unable to contain their youthful exuberance,
their cocks already hard, feeling like they would cum if they were even touched. 
One of them grabbed at her breasts almost hesitantly, afraid that she might turn
and run if he was not careful.  He became bolder as she stood submissively,
hands at her side, clenching and unclenching as the boys mistreated her body. 
He slipped his hands under her tee and grabbed the soft tit flesh in his hands,
fingers searching out and finding the erect nipples, tugging at them. 
Meanwhile, the other boy, far braver, took advantage of the situation and his
hands instantly plunged under her skirt, pushing her panties aside, seeking out
her naked sex.  Unable to contain his desires, he pushed apart her legs and
slipped two fingers painfully into her pussy, her gasps of pain urging him on as
he began to plunge them in and out of her pussy in a fucking motion.
	
	It felt like her pussy was being torn up as one of the boys thrust two
fingers into her, scratching at her pussy walls, his inexperience punishing her
pussy as he finger fucked her painfully.  She felt fingers tugging at her
nipples, now harder as he became comfortable with the situation, his power to do
as he pleased.  "Ow," she screamed as another finger was ruthlessly plunged up
her asshole, the dry finger tugging on her tender insides as it bore deep inside
her.  She stretched up on her toes as she was speared in both ends, her asshole
and pussy now finger-fucked as she stood there, all eyes on her.
	
	"That's enough boy's, you will just have to stroke your cock as you
watch Rachel perform for us.  Rachel, please step over to the table and lie down
on it."  He watched as she moved to the table, sitting on the edge and starting
to lean back onto it.  "No, Rachel, on your stomach, yes, that's good.  You have
such a nice ass and that it what we are going to play with today."  Michael
nodded to Stephen.
	
	Rachel sat on the table, feeling the soft material against her naked
legs.  She turned over onto her stomach as ordered and pulled herself up on the
table until she lay completely on the soft plush material.  She saw Stephen move
towards her, his hands out.
	
	Stephen looked at Rachel, lying on the black plush, silhouetting her
teenage body.  "Turn this way, Rachel, they want to see your face."  He watched
as she moved her head, looking straight at the audience gathered for the taking
of her asshole.  His hands moved down her back towards her ass, running
sensuously over her flesh, feeling her trembling beneath him.  "Relax, Rachel,
it will go much easier if you let it happen.  I am going to fuck you in your
asshole today.  And so is Michael.  It will be painful for you, but I expect you
to fuck back and make me cum with your asshole.  You must learn that your body
is for my pleasure, to do as I please.  Many times that will be painful for you,
but it will be for my enjoyment."  His hands moved down to her ass, feeling the
resilient flesh in his fingers, her buttocks tightening up under him.  "Relax
your ass, let me have my way," his voice in a smoothing voice, feeling her
cheeks relax as his fingers kept up its ministrations of her taunt ass flesh. 
"Yes, that's a good girl, Rachel," his hands sliding down until they reached
bare leg.  His hands moved under her skirt, pushing the flimsy garment up her
legs until his fingers found her bare ass cheeks, only her thong hiding her
intimate charms to his gaze and that of the others.  He began to rub his hands
over her ass, feeling how tight her cheeks were, the result of her athletic
background and her young age.  "Such a nice ass you have Rachel," his hands
pushing her skirt up higher until he naked asscheeks were revealed to the
others.  "I think we can take your skirt off, please kneel up and remove it,
Rachel."
	
	Rachel lay on the table as Stephen took liberties with her body, his
fingers running over her body, unable to prevent anything that he did.  His
fingers slipped under her skirt, searching out her naked ass, knowing that her
skirt would be soon removed.  She kneeled up on the table and unsnapped her
skirt and let it fall back down her knees.  She reached back and pulled it from
her body, letting it drop to the floor, obeying Stephen's orders.  All watched
her as she was on her knees, her ass thrust up, almost naked from the waist
down, her thong barely covering her sex, her unrestrained breasts hanging
underneath her body, the tee pulling away.  She felt a slap on her ass and she
lay back down on the table, her ass now openly displayed for the others. 
	
	Stephen's hands moved back to her ass, kneading the flesh as she lay on
the table.  His fingers slid from the top of the thong, down to her pussy,
pulling the thong from between the cheeks of her ass.  "I don't think you need
this, it is not protecting much," pulling her thong down her legs slowly,
wanting to prolong the humiliation as she was stripped naked in front of them. 
He moved it past her knees, down her legs until he let it fall to the floor next
to her skirt.  "You all might want to move behind Rachel so you may see between
her legs."
	
	Rachel watched as they all rose and moved their chairs until they were
at her feet.  She could feel their gaze upon her.  She knew that soon, Stephen
would make her spread her legs for them, her pussy would be open and exposed, as
would her tiny asshole.  She cringed in humiliation when she heard his voice.
	
	"Spread your legs, Rachel, show everyone your naked sex," Stephen
ordered.  They all watched as she hesitantly allowed her legs to move apart,
slowly at first as they stared up between her legs.  Her pussy came into view as
her legs were opened.  "Wider, Rachel, I want them all the way to the edge of
the table."
	
	Rachel could feel their eyes as her legs spread wider and wider, feeling
her pussy lips spreading, the wetness beginning.  She moved them wider, now
hitting the edge of the table, her pussy spread and open, pussy juice glistening
in the light.  She felt hands on her ass, pulling her ass cheeks apart, feeling
the cool air of the room blowing on her exposed asshole as Stephen spread her
open for all to see.
	
	"Rachel has such a tiny asshole, it is almost a perfect star.  Look at
the light brown color of it, accented by her white ass cheeks.  She has had
fingers entered into her asshole and I must confess she is the tightest little
thing around.  But tonight she will get my cock inside her and I expect her
asshole to milk the cum straight from my balls as I fuck her."  He put his
fingers on each side of her asshole and pushed down and out, watching as her
asshole was forced to open wider.  They could almost see inside her now.
	
	Rachel felt fingers playing with her asshole beginning to stretch it
open.  She heard Stephen's voice and began to obey.
	
	"Arch your ass up in the air, let everyone see your asshole.  Higher,
you can go higher, Rachel, keep your back down, just your ass up.  Yes, I knew
you could do it, such a good girl." 
	
	Rachel humped her ass up, letting it rise from the table while keeping
the rest of her body pinned tightly to the table.  She knew how it must look. 
It looked like she was begging to be fucked in the ass.  She felt his hands on
her hips, rotating her hips back and forth.
	
	"That's it Rachel, side to side, just like you are going to do when I
fuck your asshole.  Learn it so you can fuck me back.  Keep going, side to side,
good girl."  Stephen kept his hands on her hips, guiding her but allowing her to
do all the work.
	
	Rachel began to grind her ass form side to side, rolling her hips as she
fucked the air, posed provocatively with her exposed asshole and pussy, moving
sensuously as if she was some whore performing for a group.
	
	Deena began to rub Justin's cock through his pants as she watched Rachel
perform like she was getting fucked.  "Please Justin, let me fuck her, let me
fuck her in the asshole just like they are going to do," her hands rubbing
Justin's cock hard through his pants.  She pulled his zipper down and took his
cock out so she could stroke it naked.  The boys next to them had already pulled
their cocks out, not caring if anyone saw them.  Compared to Rachel, naked and
simulating getting fucked, nobody was even paying attention to them.
	
	Stephen watched as Rachel performed for him, her ass moving from side to
side and then up and down when his hands required it from her.  He could see her
asshole pushing out as she fucked back.  It would soon be his to fuck, but first
he would require her to perform for his guests.  He wanted her to make her
asshole "dance" for them.  He had loved the way Rachel had allowed her little
anus to pulsate for them on several earlier occasions.  "Now, Rachel, make your
little pucker wink at our guests.  You do that so well."
	
	"No, please, don't make me do that again," she begged, tears of
humiliation beginning to form in her eyes.  "It's too embarrassing."
	
	"Come now, Rachel, you don't want to disappoint Michael and all of our
guests.  Your asshole is the center of attention tonight and everyone wants to
see how well your tiny asshole is going to do in making our hard cocks cum deep
inside you".  Stephen smiled as he saw her begin to rise up on her knees.
	
	Rachel pushed back, rising up to her knees, her ass pushed out as
Stephen pulled her asscheeks open wider.
	
	"I want you all to get a good look at this," Stephen said.
	
	Rachel began to clench her ass muscles.  She squeezed them tightly and
then released them, allowing her little pink rectum to move in and out.  The
little perfect star squeezed shut and then spread itself until the guests could
see the pinkness just inside the opening.  Her asshole winked at them again and
again as Rachel continued her wicked little performance.  Rachel turned crimson
as the humiliation of being this intimate washed over her.  What's more, the
clenching of her ass muscles also meant her pussy opening was doing the same. 
She knew fully well that it was gaping and closing also allowing them to see
inside it too. 
	
	"As you can see, Rachel's pussy or ass could milk a cock dry.  Continue
Rachel, show us more," Stephen ordered her.
	
	How embarrassed she was.  Pussy juice was being forced out of her pussy
and dripping down the inside of her thigh.  She felt it trickling out of her
cunt lips.  Her clit, red, bulbous, and engorged from Deena's sensual touching,
was as erect as it had ever been. It was also sticking out for all to see.
	
	Stephen held her open wide showing their guests all of her and making
her purse her asshole for what seemed like an eternity.  She thought the
ultimate humiliation was when he fingered her pussy hole to retrieve some juice
and spread it on her asshole to insert his finger deeply stroking the inner
walls of her ass.  "Now squeeze and release your asshole onto my finger.  Show
everyone how you are going to do it when a cock is forced up your asshole."  He
then inserted two fingers, and finally three for her little pucker to suck for
them. 
	
	Rachel felt invaded and used as his fingers pummeled her asshole.  She
could hear the men in the room beginning to pant and grunt a bit as if to cheer
her little star on to squeeze harder, to suck harder, to spread and pulsate for
them.  She continued to grab and release the thick fingers as they continued her
anal ravishment, sliding noisily in and out of her clenching asshole.
	
	 Deena sat frozen, afraid to breath, the action was so intense before
her.  Her cunt dripping, wiping the perspiration, trying to breathe evenly, she
knew she was going to cum in her seat.  How she would have loved to be the giver
or the recipient of such administered lust on Rachel.  Watching Rachel's little
pucker wink and dance made Deena clench hers repeatedly where she sat.
	
	Rachel took the fingers over and over as her asshole gripped them. She
was being spread wider and wider in preparation for something bigger to be
inserted into her for her little pink, ripe rectum to suck.

	 "Very good, Rachel, but it is time for me to fuck you.  My cock is so
hard watching you," Stephens hand reaching down, stroking his hard cock.  He had
already stripped off his clothes, ready for Rachel.   "First, we need to get
your asshole lubricated.  It is so tiny, I am going to need something to help
lubricate the path for my cock.  Deena, would you mind helping me?"

	Deena immediately stood up and almost tripped moving so fast to the
table.  Poor Justin was left, his cock hard and no one to continue the
masturbation.  "Oh, yes, I would love to help," shouting with glee at the chance
to play with poor Rachel.  "What can I do?"

	"I need you to open up Rachel's asshole with your fingers so I may pour
some baby oil inside.  Then you can finger her asshole and lubricate it deep
inside of her.  Would you like that, Deena?"  Stephen smiled, knowing that Deena
would not miss a chance to do anything with Rachel.  He would have to invite
Deena and Justin to one of his parties, Deena would be fun to play with.  He
handed her the bottle of baby oil.  "Pour some on your fingers, then I want you
to start with one finger, add a second and finally a third finger in her
asshole.  When you get her asshole spread open, I will pour the baby oil in."

	"Oh, yes, Sir, I can do that, I can do that real good."  Deena grabbed
the bottle of oil and poured some into her palm and began to move it around her
fingers until they glistened in the light.  She reached over to the globes of
Rachel's ass and softly moved her fingers over it, moving towards the crack
where Rachel's asshole was nestled.  "Just relax, Rachel, I will get you ready."

	Rachel shivered in fear and anticipation.  Deena was touching her again. 
She was afraid of her and at the same time she seemed to enjoy it when she
touched her last time.  She knew that she shouldn't have these feelings, she was
not a lesbian, but her hands were so soft and reassuring compared to the hands
of the men, always quickly grabbing and her pinching her intimate flesh.

	Stephen watched as Deena ran some baby oil over Rachel's ass and
massaged it into her cheeks, each time pulling outward on them until her asshole
was exposed to her gaze.

	"That's a good girl, Rachel," her fingers moving closer and closer to
the exposed asshole until they finally ran teasingly along the edges, watching
as Rachel's hips rose slowly up into the air.  "Yes, I knew you would like
that," the fingers pushing harder onto the tiny rosebud, a light brown,
contrasted against the pale skin of her naked ass cheeks.  Her fingers circled
it, each time she would push with her finger as it ran over the opening,
lubricating the portal.  Two of Deena's fingers were now rubbing on it,
massaging the oil into it, preparing for entrance.  Deena pushed with one finger
and watched as her asshole began to spread open, grabbing her finger tightly. 
She pushed harder, going in up to the first joint, feeling Rachel's sphincter
grabbing it.  She twisted it, watching Rachel arch her ass up, forcing more of
her finger into her asshole, it now embedded up to the knuckles.  "Tighten on it
like you did for Stephen," she ordered Rachel.  She felt her finger grasped so
firmly.  "Yes, such a tight asshole, Rachel.  Now two fingers," pulling one
finger out and replacing it with two fingers, sliding effortlessly into Rachel's
back passage.  "Tighten again, yes, so good," her fingers twisting back and
forth inside her asshole.  "You can take three, push back on my fingers," two
fingers pulled out and then Deena plunged in with three fingers, twisting and
turning them as they plowed up Rachel's asshole.
	
	Rachel moaned as Deena continued to finger her asshole, lubricating it
with baby oil as she plundered her back passage.   She tightened on the fingers,
as ordered, feeling them pulling slowly out, the knuckles rubbing tightly
against her insides.  The three fingers hurt as they entered her, her asshole
straining to accept the fingers, the knuckles pushing harshly against her
sphincter as they plunged in.  "OOOW," she cried, her ass arching up, unable to
escape the painful tearing of her asshole.
	
	Deena pushed her three fingers into Rachel's asshole, feeling her
sphincter muscle gripping them tightly.  She saw her anus stretched tightly over
them, the pink skin now almost white as it was pulled wide, gripping the
fingers. 
	
	"AAAGGGHH," Rachel wailed as the fingers began to spread open inside
her, her silky insides forced open as her anus was stretched to the limit.  She
could feel the cool air inside her asshole, knowing that they could now see
inside her, her tiny star of a rectum now a gaping hole for everyone to see. 
She felt a cold liquid slowly run inside her asshole as Stephen began to pour
the baby oil inside her gaping hole.  The liquid stopped and the fingering of
Deena began again.  This time the three fingers slid along her back passage
effortlessly, gliding on the baby oil as they plunged in deep inside her rectum. 
She blushed again as the fingers noisily plunged in and out her asshole.
	
	"Thank you, Deena, why don't you go back and suck Justin's cock for him. 
He seems so lonesome over their, stroking his own cock."  Stephen pushed down on
Rachel's ass, forcing her back down onto the plush.  "Spread your legs wide
again, it's time to get ass fucked, Rachel."
	
	Rachel spread her legs until she reached the edge of the table.  Her ass
glistened in the light, her ass coated in the faint sheen of the baby oil.  She
felt Stephen climb onto the table between her legs and she groaned in pain as
his knees pushed out onto her thighs, forcing her legs open even more.  It felt
like he was going to split her up the middle.  She felt his oil fingers rubbing
up and down her thighs, moving close, but not touching her pussy.  She felt
something new, not his fingers but the head of a cock rubbing along her inner
thighs.  It felt huge, afraid of how much it would hurt as he fucked her with
that monster.
	
	Stephen felt her body shudder as he rubbed his cock along her thighs. 
He nudged it up against her pussy, watching as her pussy lips split apart to
allow the bulbous crown of his cock push relentlessly along the slit of her sex. 
He moved it to the top, feeling her body tremble as it brushed across her erect
clit, teasing the morsel before moving it back down.  He pulled it from her
pussy and pushed it between her spread cheeks.  He grabbed her hips tightly and
jerked her back onto his cock, forcing her ass to rise from the table as he
rubbed the slippery cock over her asshole.  "Can you feel that, can you feel my
cock.  Feel how big it is."  He pushed down on his cock, while he pulled her ass
up against the head, watching as her asshole, slippery and tight, was slowly
forced to spread wider as the crown of his cock began to stretch it again.  
"Push back with your asshole, like when you made it dance before.  You are going
to have to stretch open very wide.  My cock is bigger then the fingers you had
and it is going to go very deep inside you."  He hunched forward, jerking his
hips as he slowly allowed the head of his cock to stretch her asshole.
	
	"OOOWWW," moaned Rachel, as her asshole was being stretched open to
accept Stephen's hard cock.  If she thought the fingers that stretched her
asshole was bad, this was far worse.  "Please, it hurts," she begged, pushing
back with her sphincter, hoping to relieve some of the pain.  "AAAGGHH," the
cock head now pushing her asshole open wider and wider, Rachel unable to stop
the ravishment of her tiny asshole.  She looked over at the others through tear
filled eyes as she heard Stephen grunting behind her as he forcefully pushed his
cock into her.  "OOOOWWW," she screamed again, as Stephen's cock bent and pushed
to the side, unable to breach her anal passage.  Her relief was short-lived as
she felt him again push his hard cock against her asshole and begin the painful
entry into her asshole.
	
	"It's going in this time Rachel," slapping her ass cheeks hard, feeling
her body react to the pain.  Again, he slapped her ass, watching the skin turn
red.  "Relax your asshole," slapping her other cheek.  When he felt her relax
her asshole he pushed on his cock hard and watched as it breached her tiny
asshole.  It swallowed the head of his cock, straining to take the large
instrument into her body.  He slapped her ass cheeks again, the pain temporarily
taking her mind off the cruel rape of her asshole, allowing Stephen to plunge
into her back passage.
	
	"AAAAYYYYWW," the pain driving up her spine as her asshole strained and
tore from the hard cock pushing into her virgin asshole.  Her ass cheeks stung
from the spanking he was giving her, allowing him the time he needed to force
his cock into her resisting asshole.  "NNNOOO," screaming at the top of her
lungs as her hips were pulled back, giving him unrestricted access to her
defenseless asshole, his cock pushing further into her asshole until her
sphincter gripped the head of his cock tightly.  "Please, don't move, it hurts
so much, AAAHHH," she begged, his hands holding her impaled on his cock.  She
felt her sphincter clench and unclench on the head of his cock, attempting to
force it from this unnatural act.  "Ow, Ow, AGGGHH," his hands moving her hips
from side to side, her sphincter forced to massage his cock head as it pulled
and nudged her stretched asshole.
	
	"Yes, that is good, Rachel, your asshole tugs at my cock head so nicely. 
Move around on my cock," his hands forcing her hips to sway back and forth, his
eyes watching her asshole gripped his cock.  He felt her sphincter clench on his
cock head.  He slapped her ass cheeks hard, the sound reverberating through the
room.  She clenched her ass cheeks in pain, trapping the hard cock pushed into
her asshole, squeezing it so tightly.  "Such a nice tight asshole you have,
Rachel," slapping her ass cheeks again, feeling her tighten on his cock again.
	
	Rachel turned crimson in embarrassment as all watched her get ass
fucked, hard cocks in the audience being stroked.  Deena had her mouth wrapped
tightly around Justin's cock but she stared directly into Rachel's eyes in lust. 
The boys were gleefully pumping their cocks, pre-cum dripping out the ends as
they watched the scene before him.  Michael had grabbed one of Deena's hands and
was forcing her to stroke his cock as she sucked Justin's.
	
	Rachel felt Stephen begin to push pressure on his cock, her asshole
tugged inside as it begin to push further into the depths of her asshole. 
"Nooo, don't move, no, it hurts," trying to pull away, but Stephen's strong
hands pulled her back onto his cock.  She felt her asshole slowly being
stretched inside, the walls expanding outward to accept the bulbous head.  Her
sphincter grabbed the cock as it pushed through, gripping it as it was a rubber
band stretched around it.  "GGGRR, please, don't do this any more, fuck my
pussy, please, in my mouth.  Just don't put it in any deeper."  She felt Stephen
stop after another inch of hard cock was forced into her.  She felt it slowly
pulling from her asshole, a giant suction forming behind it as it pulled her
insides out.  "Yes, thank you, take it out," she cried out in relief.  She
arched her back out, spread her legs wider, anything to relieve the pain in her
asshole as the hard cock pulled out.  She felt her sphincter grabbing the head
again, clenching onto it in reaction to the pain.  She slumped down, waiting for
it to pop out of her asshole.   "OOOOOOOOOWWWWWW, you bastard, noooo don't," she
yelled, her head thrown up in pain as she felt Stephen push back on his cock. 
She felt it tear up her asshole, pushing once more into the depths of her hot,
tight back passage, tearing her flesh as it fucked in.
	
	"No, you are going to get ass fucked!"  Stephen pushed in again, feeling
her tightening anal tract clenching and unclenching onto his rigid cock as it
pushed back in again, this time over four inches of hard cock forced it.  He
knew that it must have been burning her insides as he fucked her.  It was
painful for him, but he continued.  "Your asshole is so hot and tight, Rachel. 
Get used to it, you are going to be ass fucked quite often."  He pulled his cock
out again until she gripped it.  He felt her body tighten up, knowing that he
would soon plunge back in.  Knowing that he would push deeper into her asshole. 
"Yes, it is coming and you can't stop it."  He pulled her back onto his cock as
he pushed back with his hips, his cocking tearing into her asshole.  He grabbed
her by the back of her hair, pulling her head up as he tore a scream from her
lunges as he raped his cock up her asshole, now burying over six inches of hard
cock into her once virgin asshole.  Most women would have a hard time taking
that much cock, but Rachel would have to take more.  He had eight inches of hard
cock waiting to push into her unused asshole, deep into her colon.
	
	Rachel was pulled back by her hair at the same time as her asshole was
forced back onto his cock, the thick cock tearing into her.  Her stomach cramped
on the cock, her asshole clenching on it in pain.  It felt like gasoline was
poured into her asshole, the burning as it tore inside her, her insides forced
open wider then they ever had been.  She could feel every bump and vein on his
cock as it pushed through her sphincter, tearing into her, pumping into her
body.  "EEEEHHH," she yelled as it tore into her, her ass arched up, forced into
position, allowing him complete access to her defenseless asshole.  Tears rolled
down her cheeks as the pain shot up her spine into her brain.  She did not think
anything could hurt this much, but when he pulled it out and then thrust it back
in again, it tore another shriek from her lips. 
	
	Stephen punched his cock into her asshole in short, rapid thrusts, his
stomach slapping noisily against her reddened ass cheeks, his balls slapping
against her pussy.  He felt her body shudder in pain, his cock beating inside
her.  "Now you know what it is like to be ass fucked, Rachel.  You will learn to
enjoy it.  I will make you cum when I ass fuck you."  He pulled his cock out and
then pushed back in again with a grunt.  All eight inches of rock hard cock
passed through her sphincter, it now giving up its fight, beat into submission
by his steely cock.  It passed deep inside her, her asshole stretching and
pulsating onto the hard cock as he sank it deep inside her.  Past her rectum,
the cock pushed deep inside her colon, forcing her organs to painfully
straighten out as it skewered her.  He struck her asscheeks, his organ now fully
engulfed in her back passage, gripped tightly in pain.  He flexed his cock,
feeling her body shudder in pain.  Again, he moved his cock inside her, hearing
her groan in pain.  He pulled back her head, moving his face close to hers. 
"How do you like that, Rachel?  Can you feel my cock twitching inside your hot
asshole?  I'm going to dump a hot load of cum inside you soon."
	
	Rachel began to get exhausted, fighting the pain taking too much of her
energy.  Her asshole felt so full, like she had just finished a Thanksgiving
dinner.  She pushed back on her asshole, hoping to relieve some of the pain, her
legs opening and closing, anything to relieve some of the awful burning between
her legs.  All she could do was groan as she felt the cock inside her.  It felt
like a log was shoved up her ass, forcing her spine to straighten, her flesh
clinging to it in defense.  Her stomach began to cramp as the cock twitched
inside her, moving up and down as he forced her to feel his instrument deep
inside her.  She breathed deeply, hoping to catch her breath, knowing that he
would soon begin to fuck her asshole.  She dreaded that.  She knew it would hurt
even worse then it did now.  She pushed back on her asshole, hoping to relieve
the pressure.  Again she pushed back, relaxing and then tightening her asshole
on the raping cock deep inside her. 
	
	"Are you getting use to having a cock up your asshole, Rachel?  I can
feel your asshole milking my cock."  He flexed his cock again, feeling her
insides massage it.  He let go of her hair, her head slumping back down onto the
table.  He pushed down on her back and hunched up her ass into the air, getting
her into position to be ass fucked.  "That's a good girl, arch your ass up a
little higher.  I want to be able to fuck into your asshole deeper," pushing her
body into the position he wanted.
	
	Rachel allowed her body to be manipulated by Stephen.  She felt her
asshole being opened more as she allowed him to raise her up, allowing him to
spread her open.  "AAGGG," she moaned as the cock inside her pulsated and
twitched, moving against her silky insides as spasms of pain clenched onto it. 
"Please don't fuck me back there, it hurts too much.  I will do anything, just
not that."  She felt Stephen begin to pull his thick cock out of her asshole,
her insides feeling like they were being dragged out with it.  "NOOO, pleeease,
nooo, don't," the cock rasping painfully over her silky insides, feeling it
pulling from her body.
	
	Deena watched the tear stained face of Rachel as she suffered through
her first ass fucking.  She thought back to the time when her asshole was first
taken, the pain as a hard cock was forced into her tiny asshole.  Justin did not
know about this, but it was Michael that had fucked her asshole first.  He had
opened up her asshole with his fingers first and then made her sit on his hard
cock and force it inside her asshole.  She had cried, babbling like a baby as
she skewered her asshole onto his cock, inch by inch, as it slowly filled her
up.  She was then made to ride it, rising up and down on his hard cock, tearing
into her body until he filled her with his hot cum.  She had hated what he had
forced her to do it, yet Michael had continued to make her submit to his cock in
her asshole whenever he desired.  Justin still had not fucked her asshole yet. 
She had told him no.  She felt Justin push her head down on his cock, gagging as
it slowly pushed into her throat.  He pumped his head up and down on his cock as
he watched Rachel get ass fucked.
	
	Stephen watched her asshole tightly pulled over his cock as it pulled it
from her body, tiny farts of air escaping as it sucked the air out of her
asshole.  He felt the silky walls of her insides pulsating on his cock as the
head pulled back, squeezed so tight.  He pulled it almost all the way out before
he pushed in with all of his might, the cock sliding easier back in this time,
her asshole beaten down by the previous fucking.  He heard the whoosh of air
escaping from Rachel's lungs as she screamed again as they cock tore into her. 
He moved his hands down to the insides of her thighs, only inches from her
pussy.  He pulled back, pulling her up and pushing her legs out more before
allowing one hand to grab her pussy tightly within his grip.  He pulled his cock
back again and then back in again, beginning to pick up the pace of his ass
fucking.  Her body bounced around limply, the pain overtaking all of her
functions, unable to do anything. 
	
	Rachel lay there, legs spread wide, a log of a cock fucking in and out
of her asshole, the pain registering in her brain, unable to stop Stephen.  She
huffed and puffed as she was buffeted against the table as his stomach slapped
against her upturned ass cheeks, his swollen balls beating against her spread
pussy, slapping against her wet cunt noisily.  "Hurry, hurry and get it over
with, cum in me," she begged. 
	
	"Milk my cock like I taught you, Rachel, make me cum inside you," he
ordered her.  His fingers slipped between her wet pussy lips and sought out her
clit.  He found the swollen bud, already aroused.  She might not like the ass
fucking, but she did like the helplessness of being spread open and taken
against her will.  Her pussy was soaking wet.  He began to rub her clit between
his fingers, the slippery bud squeezing between his fingers as he flicked the
head.  Her body jerked up in response, his cock plunging deeper into her colon,
snuggled tightly in her body.  He felt her gasp in pain as it sank in deeper
then it should have, going where nothing that big should.  He felt her squeeze
it tighter as he pulled it out again, massaging it as he fucked out.  He plunged
back in again, painfully pushing deep inside her again, feeling her push back,
allowing her asshole to pucker out, opening her asshole up to his hard cock. 
"Yes, that's a good girl, show everyone how you can fuck my cock with your tight
little asshole."  He pushed hard, giving her three or four quick punches with
his cock into her asshole, her grunting in pain stirring him to greater
debasement of her asshole.  He pushed two fingers in her pussy, feeling his cock
only separated by a thin piece of skin.  He could almost grab it with his own
hand inside her, his fingers tearing inside her pussy, not caring what pain he
was inflicting on her body, only his own satisfaction.
	
	She jerked up, his fingernails digging into her tender inner pussy as he
grabbed his cock in her asshole.  She jerked back and forth as her clit was
flicked over and over with his fingertip, shooting sharp stabs of pain mixed
with pleasure.  "GGGHHH," her stomach cramping as his cock pushed deep inside
her, forcing her colon to straighten and expand to accept the hard cock.  She
tried to push down to escape the cock but Stephen's fingers forced her back up
again, punishing her clit and pussy as they stroked her harshly.  "Get it over
with quick, I can't take it much more," she cried out, sobbing pitifully,
humping her ass up and down in response to the fingers and cock that continued
to abuse her young body.  She squeezed his cock, hoping to draw the cum from his
balls and shoot inside her asshole.  Anything to stop the pain!  She arched up
again as the fingers continued to play with her clit, his fingernail tearing
over her clit, a sharp point scratching over the bud.  She pushed into the
finger, trying to ease the pain, hoping to feel some pleasure to counter the
pain of the ass fucking she was receiving.  She felt the cock pull out and then
fuck back in again, reaching new depths inside her, slamming her pussy down on
his fingers, as they tore at her flesh.  "Make me cum, get it over with, cum in
my asshole, I don't care, just get it over with," she screamed out.  All eyes
were on her as her body was slammed repeatedly onto the table, his cock reaming
out her asshole.
	
	Stephen stroked his cock into her asshole harder and deeper each time. 
His fingers tore at her pussy and clit as he pounded her asshole with his cock. 
Sweat was dripping down onto her body as she lay beneath him, legs spread
obscenely, his cock plunging into her once virgin asshole as he reamed her out
with his cock.  "Cum or I will fuck you all night," he shouted at her, driving
his cock into her, making her feel the pain of the huge cock tearing into her
asshole, stretching her open.  He fucked her faster, his cock slamming in and
out of her, the only sound coming from the room was the slapping of naked flesh
and the grunts and groans of a hard fucking.  He hips continued to pump into her
with a blur as he punished her asshole with his cock, faster and faster, her hot
asshole gripping his cock as he pulled it from her body, relaxing her asshole as
he pushed back in.  He could feel her body shuddering as he brought her to the
brink of orgasm. 
	
	Rachel was shocked as her body betrayed her.  Her pussy began to cream,
clenching and unclenching on the fingers inside her, just like her asshole.  Her
clit, swollen and enlarged felt like it was going to burst.  Her asshole burned
in pain as it was continually reamed out by his cock, mixing with the pleasure
of the fingers playing with her pussy. "OOOHH, GGGODDDD, cummmm inside me,
please cum.  Fill me with your filthy cum, you bastard," she cried out as the
first of many orgasms hit her young, teenage body.   She felt his cock push deep
inside her, cramping her as his cock expanded, larger then it ever was as it
began to shoot her full of hot cum.  She felt the hot liquid burn her insides,
the salty cum irritating her already inflamed asshole, filling her with his cum. 
He pulled out until she gripped his cock tightly and pulled another load of cum
from his balls.  She could hear her stomach gurgling as he filled her with cum.
	
	"Take it, bitch, take my cum up your asshole," Stephen's cock shooting
his load of cum up her into her asshole.  He had been saving his load for days,
wanting to fill her with as much as he could.  He felt her orgasm, her pussy and
asshole gripping him as he continued to shoot inside her, her pussy now dripping
with her cum, covering his hand with her pussy juice.  He pumped up and down,
then shot another load inside her asshole, his fingers dragging another cum from
her body as they twisted and turned her abused clit.  He shot his final load
inside her and then slumped down on top of her, his cock quickly shrinking
inside her asshole.
	
	She felt the dead weight of his body on top of hers, dragging the last
air from her lungs.  His cock began to shrink, her asshole pushing it out,
squeezing the limp cock from her abused asshole.  It popped out with a loud fart
of air, her face red in embarrassment as she lay slumped down on the table. 
Stephen pushed up off her body and got off the table.  She could not move, her
legs spread obscenely wide, her asshole swollen and red, cum dripping from it
and her pussy, a puddle forming beneath her body.  She looked over just in time
to see Justin pulling Deena's head down onto his cock, her throat completely
full of hard cock as he shot her mouth full of hot cum.  Michael's cock was
still in her hand, still hard and erect, her hand moving up and down.  It was
over eight inches and as big around as a soda can.
	
	"Not yet, Deena, I going to fuck Rachel in her asshole, just keep it
hard and ready," Michael ordered her.  The boys next to Michael had already cum
at least once and were still stroking their semi-erect cocks, hoping for another
cum from them before the night was over.  Michael got up, fisting his cock as he
walked over to Rachel.  "Not finished yet, Rachel.  You have another ass fucking
tonight before you are finished.  Up on your hands and knees.  I'm going to fuck
your asshole doggy style.  You'll like that, I can spank your pussy as I ass
fuck you.  Now up little girl.  You can relax later, you have to make me cum
first."
	
	Rachel looked over at Michael, her eyes pleading, but she only saw lust
in his eyes.  He was going to fuck her in the ass whether she liked it or not. 
She raised her body up, getting into the position he required, her breasts
hanging down, her legs spread wide, her pussy and asshole open and defenseless
to whatever Michael would require of her.  She felt a warm washcloth run over
her haunches, wiping the cum from her pussy and asshole, preparing her for him. 
"Do it fast, please do it fast, I hurt so much," she cried, tears pouring from
her eyes.  She pushed back with her ass, knowing that her pussy and asshole was
spread wide, ready for whatever was his pleasure.  She did not have to wait
long.  She felt Michael get up on the table between her legs, his knees nudging
her legs further apart.
	
	Michael looked down at Rachel, her asshole red and swollen, no longer
the virgin asshole from before.  No, he would have to be second tonight.  But he
would make up for that later.  After she went to bed, he would be back, back
after her asshole had shrunk back down.  They always did, shrink that is.  Then
he would fuck it open again.
	
	Rachel groaned in pain as Michael's fingers began to enter her abused
asshole.  It already burned from the ass fucking she was subject to by Stephen,
Michael's fingers just bringing back the sharp pain.  His fingers twisted and
turned inside her, his knuckles scraping painfully in her inflamed bowels.  One
finger had become two and when he extracted a groan of pain from her lips, it
became three.  She felt a sudden relief as the fingers were withdrawn, but she
knew it was only temporary.  She felt him shuffle behind her, his fingers
gripping her ass cheeks tightly, pulling them apart, her asshole open and
exposed.  He spit on her asshole and pushed the huge head of his cock around it,
lubricating her anus for his cock.  "Easy, please go easy, it hurts so bad," she
begged as she felt the pressure of the cock press on her anus.  She pushed back
onto the cock, forcing her asshole to open, the pucker of her asshole spreading
open for the ravishment by his cock.
	
	"Such a good girl, yes, open up for me."  Michael pushed harder on his
cock, watching as it bent, the large head having trouble pushing open her
asshole.  He slapped her ass hard and pushed on his cock when her asshole
relaxed, the pain moved to her ass cheeks.  The head popped into her clenching
rectum, his hands pulling her back onto the cock, forcing her to take the head
of his cock inside her asshole.
	
	"GGGGOOODD, it hurts," trying to move away, but Michael holding her
tightly, making her take the punishing cock pushed up her backside.  "OOOOWW,"
her asshole spread wide, gripping the soda can sized cock head tightly in its
grip.  His hands moved down her flanks again, fingers on each side of her
asshole, spreading her open as his cock slowly began to push into her asshole,
seeking to bury it deep in the depths of her bowels.  "Slow, please, slow, its
so big," she cried, burying her head on the table, her ass still thrust up
submissively, waiting for the giant cock to bury itself deep into her hot, tight
asshole again.
	
	"You can take it, " pushing harder on his cock, watching as her asshole
slowly began to suck over two inches of hard cock.  He jerked forward, hearing
her grunt as he stuck her with another two inches, four inches now being gripped
tightly by her asshole, spasms of pain clenching on the cock.  "Oh, yes, such a
good ass fuck you are, Rachel, so hot and tight.  Stephen is going to enjoy you
so much, especially your asshole," jamming another two inches into her before
pulling it out until on the head was gripped by her clenching anus.
	
	Rachel bit her lip as she felt the cock pull from her lips, the removal
hurting as much as when he slipped it in.  She felt him stop, the head gripped
tightly and waited for the pain to begin.  She knew he would shove it in with
one powerful thrust.  She did not have to wait long.  "OOOOHHH GGGOODD, NNNOO,
aaaghhh," the cock tearing her asshole as he buried his cock into her in one
pile driving thrust.  His stomach slapped against her ass cheeks, his balls
slapping against her cunt as her body was rocked.  He did not even wait, he
pulled it back and shoved it in again, Rachel screaming again as the punishing
cock reamed her asshole.  Her hands gripped the table, turning white, the pain
shooting up into her brain.  It felt like an iron bar was being shoved up her
ass, straightening out her spine, forcing her upright, her stomach cramping
again as she was filled with cock again.  Oh, God, why did they have to fuck her
in her asshole?  Why didn't they just use her pussy like most men?  Michael did
not give her a chance to think, his cock now a blur, pushing in and out with
punishing speed, her asshole lining feeling like it was being sandpapered, the
burning in her groin mixing with the terrible cramps the cock was giving her. 
	
	Michael gripped her hips, the flesh turning white as he began to rock
her back and forth on his cock as he pumped her with his cock.  He might not
have had her first, but she will remember this, he thought.  He moved his hands
underneath her, pulling up on the sides of her thighs, forcing her legs open
even wider.  With one hand holding her open, the other slapped her hard with the
palm of his hand on her pink, spread pussy with a thundering thud that rang out
in the room.  Her scream of pain followed quickly, his cock burying itself into
her asshole at the same time.
	
	Rachel could not believe the pain between her legs.  Between the slap on
her pussy and the cock fucking her ass, she could no longer tell where the pain
was coming from.  Her whole groin was on fire.  She felt fingers grab her clit
painfully as the cock pumped her asshole, each time when she thought the cock
could go no further, it did.  It tore into a new spot, going deeper into her
colon with each powerful push, a new pain bringing a fresh scream from her lips
as she was pumped repeatedly by his cock.  Her clit, swollen and red was abused
by his fingers, forcing her to push back onto the cock, taking more of the cock
each time. 
	
	"Time to cum again, Rachel.  You know I wouldn't stop fucking you until
you cum.  Now milk my cock like a good girl and cum on my fingers.  You can do
it, yes, that feels so good," her asshole clenching and unclenching on his cock. 
Just like Stephen made her do.  Just like a whore would do.  He twisted and
pulled her clit, feeling her pussy juicing up.  He fucked her asshole hard,
making her take his punishing cock.
	
	"Hurt's so bad, please, hurry up, cum in me, get it over," tears running
down her face, her sphincter grabbing his cock as it pulled out, relaxing as it
pushed in, hoping to make him cum.  Two fingers pushed into her wet pussy as his
fingers continued to manipulate her clit.  Even with the pain of the ass
fucking, her pussy and asshole were gripping the fingers and cock inside her. 
Her clit, now enlarged and red was ready.  She pushed it onto the fingers,
making him tighten on it.  The sharp pain on her clit was what she needed.  The
orgasm hit her like a tank.  Her pussy creamed on his fingers, soaking the
digits before running down her thighs to puddle below her.  She felt his cock
bury itself deep inside her, the head expanding as his first load of cum began
to shoot out.  She could feel her bowels being bathed by his cum, the salty cum
burning her tender insides as it began to fill her. 
	
	Michael shot his load of cum after burying all of his cock deep inside
her teenage asshole.  It was so hot and tight, gripping his cock, her orgasm
milking the cum from his balls to fill her bowels with his cum.  Another load
shot from his cock, his fingers continuing the forced masturbation of Rachel,
her pussy juice flooding his hands as she climaxed again, her body shuddering,
bathed in sweat.  He slumped over her body after shooting two more smaller loads
of cum in her, her body slumped down onto the table, his two hands trapped
beneath her, still clinging to her cum soaked cunt.  He pulled his hands out and
raised up onto his knees.  He got off the table and walked to Rachel's head,
pushing his wet fingers into her mouth.  "Clean your pussy juice off of my
fingers.  That was good, Rachel.  Your asshole was worth the wait.  Now go back
to your room and get some sleep.  Tomorrow morning, you are going to Stephen's
for a week during Spring Break.  He has so many things to teach you.  Some you
will like, a lot of them you wouldn't."  He slapped her ass, "now go."
	
	Michael leaned over to Deena as he was leaving, "we will see you soon,
Deena, you and Rachel, we will soon see you together."
	
To Be Continued

This story has been nominated for the 2003 Golden Clitorides Award for the Best
Serial Story.  If you enjoyed this story and would like to vote for it you may
either go to their website at

http://www.asstr.org/~Rui_Favorites/Clitorides/nominees03.htm

Or you may send an e-mail to: clit_awards@yahoo.com  stating that you want to
vote for Boarding School Sex Training as the 2003 Best Serial Story.

Thank you from the Author, Powerone




Author: Powerone
Title: Boarding School Sex Training-Ch 9
Summary: It is a story of the coercion of a young lady, Rachel, to fulfill the
sexual desires of her older Guardian, in order to gain the inheritance that is
rightfully hers.
Keywords: M+/FF, F/F, Virg, Reluc, Humil, Anal, reluc, oralBoarding School Sex
Training

Copyright 2004 by Powerone
The author can be contacted at controlher@hotmail.com

Chapter 9 Rachel's Spring Vacation with Stephen

	A limousine picked up Rachel at school.  Michael had told Rachel that
she must obey all commands.  Not just from Stephen, but all of his friends and
employees.  The driver looked at her as she began to get into the car, a stretch
limousine big enough to hold at least eight people.  He was young, about 23, not
particularly handsome, rather tall and skinny.  As she bent over to get in, she
felt hands on her hips.  She turned her head and saw the chauffeur, his hands
holding her tightly.

	 "Stephen says I can make you do anything and you will obey.  Is that
right?"
	
	She mumbled, "yes." 
	
	"Sit down on the seat right there," pointing to the seat nearest the
door.
	
	She sat down, facing him.  He looked younger, his face still covered
with acne, his hair blowing around his face, couldn't be more then 125 pounds,
yet he was over six feet tall.
	
	"You're a beautiful girl, no wonder Stephen wants to play with you this
weekend.  He has friends coming over to help him."  He got into the limousine,
sitting on the seat across from her, closing the door behind him.  "We'll leave
soon.   I just want to see that cute body.  Take off your blouse, real slow
like."  He hand reached down to his crotch, grabbing his cock.  She looked down
at the bulge in his pants.  He might be skinny, but it did not look like his
cock was. 
	
	He began to rub his cock as her fingers moved to her blouse, popping the
buttons open, going slowly, not because he requested it, but because she did not
want to strip for him.  He whistled as she revealed her bra to him, a lacy, low
cut bra that barely covered her breasts.
	
	"The bra, let it drop.  I want to see them tits."  He reached inside his
pants and pulled out a large cock, not very big around, but it must have been at
least ten inches long.  "Big, huh!"
	
	She reached behind her, her breasts straining the bra as she released
the catch, the front of her bra hanging down.  She let her bra straps slide down
her arms, her hand holding her bra tightly against her breasts.
	
	"Come on, let it drop, let me see those tits."  He stroked his cock, his
hand running up and down the long member. 
	
	She thought he would cum when she revealed her naked breasts to him.  He
was stroking harder now. 

	"Pull the skirt up and pull your panties off.  Quickly, I don't thing I
can wait much longer," his hand moving up and down his swollen member.

	She revealed her naked legs, lifting her ass up from the seat and
pulling her panties off.

	"Spread your legs, let me see that sweet pussy," his voice hurried, his
hand moving up and down the huge cock faster and faster.

	"GGGGOOODDDDD," his cock shooing out a load of hot, ropey cum that
landed on Rachel's naked legs.  It felt like it was burning her flesh, running
down the inside of her thighs to the seat beneath her.  Another load, this time
on her spread pussy, feeing the hot cum on her tender, pink insides.  She sat
thereir, legs spread, pussy open as the driver covered her pussy and legs with
his cum.  He finally stopped stroking his cock, squeezing one last drip out onto
her leg.  "Hot body, Stephens going to fuck you to death this week."  He pulled
up his pants.  "Time to get to Stephen's, have a good ride," closing the door
behind him. 

	The car moved off, Rachel getting dressed again, finding cocktail
napkins to wipe the cum from her legs before pulling her panties on.  Is this
how the week was going to be?

	Rachel was impressed when the pulled up to Stephens house.  Or should
she say mansion.  It was surrounded by wrought iron fencing, a large, double
gate opening automatically when they arrived.   The house must have at least ten
bedrooms, it was huge.  The chauffeur helped her with her luggage, no mention of
his cumming all over her made.  Stephen met her at the door.

	He kissed her on the cheek, his eyes running up and down her body as he
did.  "I hope you enjoy your stay, I know I will," laughing as he said that.  "I
hope the chauffeur did not molest you much.  He is young with a cock that cums
quickly.  Your luggage will be taken to your room.  You may freshen up and
change your clothes.  I left something suitable on the bed.  Please come to my
room in two hours.  I want to partake of that beautiful body." 

	He left her standing their, making no pretense of what he had planned
for her.  She had only two hours before he would be taking liberties with her
body again.
	
	She knocked on Stephen's bedroom door, waiting for an answer.  She did
not have to wait long, but the voice was unexpected.  It was a female.  She
entered, surprised to see both Stephen and also Deena sitting on the bed.  Deena
was present when they had fucked her in the ass and seemed to enjoy playing with
Rachel's body.  She had never had "girl sex" before and she was afraid of what
Stephen had planned for the both of them.
	
	"Come in Rachel, let's have a look at you."  Stephen had laid out the
clothes she had on.  She was wearing a white tee shirt that just barely covered
her breasts. Her taut, flat stomach was naked.   The skirt, a short, plaid skirt
came up to mid thigh, leaving a lot of leg exposure.  She had put on the knee
high socks, giving her the young, schoolgirl look.  "Turn around so we can see
your ass."
	
	Rachel blushed as she paraded around for them, turning this way and that
as she was ordered.  She could see Stephen's hand under Deena's skirt, her legs
slightly parted to give him access.
	
	"Come join us on the bed," Deena said to her.  She moved over, leaving a
place between Stephen and herself. 
	
	Rachel climbed onto the bed, both of them looking at her as she crawled
between them.  She was afraid, afraid of what they intend to do to her.  All
three were sitting up on the bed, backs against the padded headboard, legs
extended in front of them.  She felt Stephen move over to her, placing his hand
on her face, turning her towards him, his face moving into hers, his lips placed
on hers.  She felt his tongue pushing against her clenched lips, allowing them
to part, his hot tongue entering her mouth.  They kissed, their tongues
intertwining. 
	
	"You are a very beautiful girl, Rachel, very beautiful."
	
	Deena moved towards Rachel, pulling her head around.  "My turn, Rachel,
do as good of a job as Stephen's."  Her face moved in, her tongue already out,
as their lips touched.
	
	Rachel felt this electricity shoot through her body, not expecting such
a tender kiss.  She opened her mouth, allowing Deena's tongue to slip inside,
their tongues dancing with each other, darting back and forth, as their lips
meshed.  When Deena pulled away, Rachel's breath was still ragged, unable to
comprehend what had happened.  She did not expect it to be such a pleasant
experience.  Rachel looked at Stephen.
	
	"Go ahead you two, I will watch," Stephen said, lying back, his hand
reaching down to his cock.
	
	Deena looked at Rachel, "what a beautiful body you have Rachel, no
wonder Stephen and Michael want you so bad.  Have you ever been with a girl
before?"
	
	Rachel looked into Deena's eyes, blushing, "no, I don't know if I can."
	
	"Oh, I think you will like it Rachel, Stephen will be here also.  I'm
sure he is going to be playing with your lovely body at the same time.  There
will be the three of us."  Deena looked at Rachel, taking in her flat, taut
stomach, her breasts, rising and falling, the short skirt barely able to cover
her near naked legs.  She moved her hands out again, one hand on each side of
Rachel's face, pulling her back onto her lips.  Rachel did not resist, allowing
Deena to do whatever she desired.  They kissed again, this time Deena letting
her hand fall down to Rachel's breasts, lightly caressing them, feeling Rachel's
body shudder from the strange feelings.
	
	It felt so strange to Rachel, the soft kisses of Deena and now the hand
moving over her breasts.  Not like a man's.  Not demanding or painful, but a
light touch, barely grazing over the flesh.  She could feel her nipples becoming
hard instantly, arching her back, pushing her breasts farther into Deena's hand. 
"MMMM," she moaned, her tongue flicking back and forth into Deena's mouth,
feeling so natural now.
	
	"Touch my breasts, Rachel.  You must learn to return the favor."  Her
hand pulled the tee shirt up, first running her fingers over her naked stomach,
feeling Rachel suck in her stomach as she felt the fingers play with her body. 
Deena cupped Rachel's bra encased breasts, feeling the spongy feeling of the
large breasts, her hand molding the young flesh.  She sought out her nipples,
pinching the tip of her bra until she heard Rachel give out a small yelp as her
fingers found the sensitive nipple.  Rachel's hand was copying hers, moving to
cup her breasts, smaller then Rachel's.  She was naked under her top, Rachel's
hand finding the naked breast flesh and pinching her nipples.  "Yes, you learn
quickly Rachel."
	
	Deena let her hands slip behind Rachel's back, quickly undoing her bra. 
"Arms over your head, Rachel.  I want your breasts naked and Stephen also wants
to see them.  Look how hard you have already made his cock." 
	
	Rachel complied, eager to have Deena's fingers return to her nipples,
naked this time.  They were already hard, anticipating Deena's caresses.  Her
tee shirt and bra were thrown into the corner.  She looked over and blushed,
Stephen having taken his hard cock out and was feverishly stroking it while
watching Deena and her.  Deena pulled her top off, both of them naked to the
waist.
	
	Deena moved closer to Rachel, her body pressing against hers, their
breasts touching, the hard nipples pressing into each other.  Rachel moaned, her
nipples feeling like they touched hot metal, the feeling of another set of hard
nipples touching hers exciting her in strange ways.  They rubbed their breasts
back and forth against each other, the pebble-like nipples dragging along their
flesh.  Deena looked over at Stephen, his hand busily stroking his cock as he
watched them play with each other.
	
	Deena moved down Rachel's body, her lips leaving light kisses down her
naked up swell of her breasts.  She felt Rachel's hands push her head farther
down, all inhibitions going away rapidly.  She opened her mouth and engulfed one
of Rachel's nipples, sucking in the areola and nipple into her mouth, her tongue
lashing back and forth over the sensitive flesh.  She felt RachelDeena push on
her head harder, attempting to force more of her tit flesh into Deena's hot
mouth.
	
	"Oh, God, please, suck my tits, that feels so good," moaned Rachel, lost
in her own world.  She pulled Deena's head closer, shoving it into her breast. 
She could feel the rough tongue rubbing over the super-sensitive tip, her nipple
standing out harder then it ever felt before. 
	
	Deena moved up her head, looking into Rachel's eyes, "now do it to me,
Rachel, suck on my nipples," she ordered her.
	
	Rachel did not hesitate, her mouth moving down and sucking on Deena's
nipple.  She pulled it tightly into her mouth, pulling half of her smaller
breast into the hot confines at the same time.  She let her tongue play over the
tip, lashing back and forth over it. 
	
	"Yes, that is good, Rachel, very good.  Stephen, have you ever titty
fucked Rachel yet?"
	
	Stephen stroked his cock when he heard that.  "No, but I sure would love
to now."
	
	"Come' h ere Rachel," pulling her head off of her breast, "Stephen wants
to fuck your tits."
	
	"Whhattt, what is he going to do?"
	
	"It's not him, Rachel, it's what are you going to do.  I want you to
take your hands and push your breasts around his cock.  Trap it inside your
cleavage.  Then Stephen is going to start fucking them.  Sliding his cock back
and forth between them."  Deena pushed Rachel over to Stephen, making her lay
down on her back next to him. 
	
	They were back to taking advantage of her body again, this time Stephen
joining in.  Just when she was beginning to enjoy Deena.  She watched as Stephen
got up and slowly put his knees on both sides of her chest, his cock jerking up
and down in anticipation.  He lowered himself down until his cock was nestled
between her breasts, her cleavage trapping the hot cock between them.
	
	"Use your hands to mold your breasts around his cock, Rachel.  Let it
snuggle so nice and tight."  Deena poured some oil over Stephen's cock, some
slipping down and covering her naked breasts. 
	
	Rachel did as she was ordered, cradling the hot cock between her
breasts.  She looked down, seeing the giant head of his cock peering out from
between her clenched breasts, glistening with the oil.  She felt Stephen push
his hips forward, the cock slowly moving in and out of her breasts, rubbing over
her flesh hotly.  The head would push out farther and farther the more Stephen
began to fuck her tits.  His balls slide along her stomach with each stroke, the
heavy ball sacs hot and full of his cum.
	
	"Good Rachel, let him fuck them, hold them nice and tight around his
cock.  Give him a lot of friction.  Now lower your head a little, yes, like
that, closer now."  Deena forced Rachel's head down towards the cock fucking her
tits until her mouth was only inches from the glistening cock.
	
	No, she wasn't going to do that.  She felt her head move closer to the
fucking cock, the giant head covered with the lubricating oil.
	
	"Now open your mouth wide and let him slip his cock inside when he fucks
forward.  Close your lips on it and run your tongue run over it until he drags
it back out again.  Let him fuck your tits and your mouth, Rachel."
	
	Rachel's mouth opened, the cock slowly slipping inside.  She closed her
lips onto it, tightening on the slick member, the taste of the oil permeating
her taste buds.  She let her tongue play over the head, tasting the precum
dripping out.  She felt the cockhead slip in and out of her mouth, her breasts
trapping the long cock between them, feeling it sliding back and forth, fucking
her tits like it was her pussy.
	
	Deena's hands were not idle.  They drew up Rachel's short skirt, parting
her legs at the same time, her panties barely covering her pussy.  She yanked
her panties down her legs, Rachel's pussy naked to her gaze.  She pushed her
knees outward, bending them back, spreading her legs wide, getting her pussy
ready.   She wet her tongue and pushed her head between her legs and attacked
Rachel's pussy.
	
	Rachel felt the hands playing below her waist, allowing her body to be
manipulated, knowing what Deena had planned for her, wanting it, her pussy wet
in anticipation.  "OOHH, GGGGGODDDDD," she screamed before her mouth was filled
with cock again, Deena's tongue shooting into her vagina, rubbing up and down
her slit, tasting the juices freely flowing.
	
	"You like that Rachel, you like Deena eating your hot little pussy?"  He
fucked her tits harder, wanting to cum, wanting to shoot his cum all over her
face.  He grabbed both of her tits, slapping her hands out of the way, squeezing
them tighter, his fingers digging into the nipples as he did.  He wanted to cum.
	
	 Stephen's hands hurt as he pulled her breasts up and around his cock. 
His fingers dug into her flesh, especially her nipples, his cock pumping in and
out faster and faster.  If it wasn't for Deena's tongue, the pain would have
been too much.  But the hot, wet tongue that ate her pussy, moving up to her
clit, sucking the hard bud into her mouth overcame the pain.  She was ready to
cum.  She opened her mouth wider, engulfing the hard cock that continually
ravished her breasts, sucking and licking the head as it pushed deeper and
deeper into her mouth, the long cock fucking her tits.
	
	"GGGGGGODDDD," screamed Rachel, her orgasm overcoming her, her body
shuddering, her thighs trapping Deena's head between them, feeling the tongue
work over her pulsating pussy.  She choked as Stephen shot a load of cum onto
her face and partly into her mouth, shooting to the back of her throat.  Again,
a second load, dripping from her nose and lips, the hot, salty fluid burning her
flesh.  She humped her pussy up and down as she came over and over, Deena's
tongue giving her no rest, continually eating her pussy as she came all over her
face.
	
	"FFFUCCCCKKKK," Stephen yelled out, pumping his cock in and out of her
mouth, spraying her face with his cum, watching her tongue lapping up the semen
from her lips.  He pumped his cock with his hand, her face receiving a cum bath,
the heavy fluid slowly running down her chin and cheeks. 
	
	Finally exhausted from cumming, Stephen and Rachel slumped down, Deena's
head now longer trapped between Rachel's thighs, Stephen moving back down onto
the bed next to both of them, his cock covered in cum. 
	
	"Don't get too comfortable Stephen.  You're going to fuck me next.  I'm
so hot from watching you two cum.  Rachel, let your fingers play over his cock,
get him hard for me."
	
	Rachel turned over on the bed, reaching over to Stephen's cock and began
to run her hand over the limp cock.  She felt it already pulsating back to
hardness, the cock slowly growing bigger in her hot hands.  She reached down to
his balls and squeezed them gently, his cock jerking in appreciation, her
fingers rubbing the head.  She felt Deena push up against her, her fingers also
returning to her pussy, sliding up and down her slick lips.  She arched
backwards, not sure if she was trying to escape or just wanted to feel Deena's
body next to her.  She felt Deena, naked now pushing against her ass.
	
	"You're going to lick my pussy while Stephen fucks me, Rachel.  I want
you to tongue my pussy and Stephen's cock at the same time as he drives it into
me."   She let her fingers continue to play with Rachel's pussy, sliding up and
down her slit, letting her finger travel farther back, back to her tiny asshole. 
She felt Rachel shudder when she touched it.  "Did you like it when they fucked
your asshole, Rachel?"
	
	Rachel let her hand continue to bring Stephen's cock to hardness.  She
was surprised that it was getting so hard after cumming just a short time ago. 
She felt Deena touch her anus, fearing that Stephen would get ideas and deciding
that is where he wanted to put his cock.  "No, it hurt.  Their cocks are too
big," the fingers slowly tracing the outline of her tiny anus.  "AAAhh," Deena's
finger slowly pushing into her tiny anus, stretching the tiny opening until it
was securely in her rectum, her sphincter gripping onto the hard digit.
	
	"Such a tight asshole.  Would you like to be double-fucked by Stephen
and myself?  I have a big dildo I would love to fuck your tight pussy with and
I'm sure we can convince Stephen to fuck you in that tight, hot asshole."
	
	Rachel continue to masturbate Stephen's cock, watching it getting harder
and longer, her other hand continuing to play with his balls, gently squeezing
the twin orbs inside.
	
	"I need a good fucking, Stephen.  Rachel, let Stephen get on his back. 
I'm going to ride his cock while you eat my pussy."
	
	Stephen laid back, his cock sticking up in the air, Rachel having done a
good job of rejuvenating it back to hardness.  Rachel moved to the side,
waiting.
	
	Deena quickly stripped off her clothes and moved over onto Stephen, her
legs on either side of his hips, her pussy only inches from his cock.  She
reached down and grabbed it in her two hands, massaging it, moving up and down
the long shaft, rubbing the head.  "Rachel, come over here.  Yes, good girl. 
Now pull back my pussy lips, spread me open for this beautiful cock."
	
	Rachel moved next to Deena, her fingers moving to her pussy, feeling the
wetness, gripping the twin lips and pulling them back, exposing her pink inner
flesh, her vagina opening up, ready for Stephen's cock. 
	
	Stephen's cock twitched in pleasure.  Two beautiful girls, naked, eager
to service his cock.  Deena's hands felt good on his cock and her glistening
pussy was so inviting.  He could hardly wait to have her engulf his cock inside
her snug, hot insides.  "Stick it in, Deena, I need to fuck you."
	
	Deena raised up a little, her pussy poised over his cock, her hand
pushing it up, holding it against her vagina.  She slowly allowed herself to
lower onto the hard cock, her pussy opening to accept the cockhead, her pussy
juices aiding its entry.  She pulled up again, then down, this time the head
fully enclosed in her pussy, feeling so full of cock.  "MMMM, such a nice cock,
keep me open Rachel."  She raised up again until only the head was trapped then
down, letting her weight sink onto the hard cock harder this time, over half it
buried inside her.  "I'm going to fuck you Stephen, fuck that beautiful cock."
	
	Rachel watched Deena's pussy slowly swallow up Stephen's cock, a twinge
of jealousy hitting her.  Even though she had already cum from Deena's eating
her pussy, it was not the same as being filled with a nice hard cock.  She could
see the juices on his cock as Deena began to move up and down on the cock.
	
	Deena moved forward, letting her upper body settle down onto Stephen's
chest, her hard nipples pushing into his body.  Her pussy was now completely
trapping his cock inside her, his twitching cock rubbing sensuously inside her
silky insides.  "Now Rachel.  I want you to use your tongue on us.  I want you
to lick from my asshole down to Stephen's cock."
	
	Stephen's cock jerked in excitement as he heard Deena's orders.  He had
never had anyone suck his cock while he was getting fucked.    Deena began to
fuck his cock, her hips moving up and down, her pussy grasping his cock as it
withdrew, only to plunge back down, burying his big cock into her pussy until it
slammed into her.  He could hear Deena groaning, her hips busily fucking him.
	
	Rachel wasn't sure if she could do it, but she knew that she must obey. 
She moved behind Deena, looking as she saw her pussy moving up and down
Stephen's cock, her ass opened, her tiny anus exposed.  Beneath Stephen's cock
lay his heavy ball sac.  She pushed her head between them, her eyes only inches
from her clasping pussy, his cock glistening with their combined juices, pumping
up and down.  Her mouth opened, her tongue pushed out as she hesitantly let her
move closer feeling her tongue touch Deena's flesh just below her anus.  She let
it slowly touch the hot flesh, feeling Deena's body shudder when she felt the
tongue, her pussy still moving up and down the hard cock piercing her body.  She
began to move it around, up and down, moving closer to her pussy, then back up
to her anus, but not quite touching it.  Back down, but this time she let it
move between her pussy lips, letting her tongue touch Stephen's cock as it slid
back in and out.
	
	Stephen almost came when he felt the tongue touching his cock.  It was
already so pleasurable, Deena's tight, hot pussy gripping his cock as she fucked
up and down on it.  But now Rachel's tongue running over his cock as it was
pushed in and out was almost too much.  He had to grit his teeth to hold back.
	
	Rachel could taste the salty juices of both of them as she licked
Stephen's cock, her tongue running over Deena's spread pussy lips and around her
vagina.  Her nose was almost pushed up against Deena's anus, her lips pressed
against her pussy as her tongue lapped at whatever she could find.  One minute
it was Deena's pussy, the next it was Stephen's cock.  She reached down and
grabbed Stephen's balls, his hips arching up high, driving his cock deep inside
Deena, her cry of lust ringing out in the room.
	
	"Lick my asshole, Rachel, tongue fuck it," she ordered Rachel, Stephen's
cock almost driving her to orgasm.  "Hurry, damn it," she shouted.
	
	Rachel rose up, her tongue running over the tiny bud of Deena's asshole. 
She was disgusted at having to perform such a despicable act, yet at the same
time she felt a certain thrill run though her body at being forced to service
both of them.  She curled her tongue up and pushed hard against Deena's asshole,
feeling it resisting and then suddenly opening, her tongue pressing inward,
Deena's sphincter grabbing onto the hot, oral digit.
	
	"Fuck yes, feels so good Rachel, fuck my asshole, fuck my pussy Stephen,
make me cum hard!"
	
	Rachel let her fingers circle Stephen's cock, moving down to press
against Deena's pussy at the same time, tightening on the hard cock until she
felt the pressure as it pumped in and out.  Her fingers reached Deena's clit and
began to play with it, batting at the hard bud with her fingertips, harder then
necessary, but she felt Deena's body shudder in pleasure.  She drove her tongue
in her rectum deeper, swishing it back and forth, her fingers gripping them both
tightly.  If she only knew how much power she had, the power to make them both
cum.
	
	Between Rachel's fingers squeezing his cock and balls and Deena's hot
pussy gripping his cock he would not be able to hold out much longer.  "When I
get ready to cum Rachel, I'm going to pull out and shoot on Deena's pussy.  I
want your face in her pussy eating her out as I do.  I want to shoot on both of
you."
	
	"Yes, damn it, make me cum," shouted Deena.  She felt Stephen pull his
cock from her pussy, feeling empty.  But it only was temporary, Rachel's face
pushed down, her hand gripping Stephen's cock.  Her tongue and Stephen's cock
began to rub up and down her slit, moving up to her clit and rubbing sensuously
over it. 
	
	"Fuck, you're both making me cummmm," Stephen yelled, his cock beginning
to shoot his hot cum on them.
	
	The first load of cum hit Deena on her swollen clit, Rachel's tongue
following it, lapping at her soggy clit, spreading the hot, salty cum all over
her pussy.  "YYYEEEESSSSS, GGGGODDDD, tongue fuck me!"
	
	Rachel was getting covered with cum.  First it was Stephen's cock,
spraying out load after load of hot cum, her hand squeezing his balls, unloading
them.  Then it was Deena, her pussy soaked with her juices as her body shuddered
in orgasmic bliss.  Rachel's face was glistening with the juices, her lips and
tongue covered with the salty, heavy fluids.  She let go of Stephen's balls, her
hand slipping down between her legs to find her enlarged clit, rubbing it hard,
wanting to cum with the others.  She pushed her face back in Deena again, her
tongue lapping at whatever she could find, her asshole, her pussy and finally
licking the head of Stephen's cock, her mouth filled with the wet cock.
	
	Deena and Stephen watched as Rachel continued to lick on them, even
though they had already finished.  They noticed her hand busy between her legs,
rubbing her pussy, masturbating herself.  "Yes, Rachel, cum for us, cum while we
watch you."
	
	Rachel felt so degraded, forced to eat both of them as they came, her
mouth filled with their juices.  But this is what triggered the intense orgasm
in her, her fingers trapped between her clenched thighs, pulling hard on her
clit as her body shuddered, her juices soaking her hand.  She looked up, seeing
both of them watching her as she masturbated herself, her degradation complete. 
She finally stopped shuddering, slumping down between them, her face and hands
covered in their cum.
	
	Rachel opened her mouth as Stephen pushed his shrinking, cum covered
cock into her mouth.  She closed her lips around it, her tongue lapping at the
salty tasting head.  She felt Deena grab her hand and move it between her
thighs, finding her Deena's wet pussy.  "Rub my pussy and suck Stephen's cock."
	
To Be Continued



Boarding School Sex Training  
Chapter 10 Rachel's New Life  
Copyright 2005 by Powerone  
 Rachel sat in her room remembering what had transpired yesterday. It was
  spring break and this was the first time she was alone with Stephen since the
  agreement, Headmaster Michael was always around before. She thought about her
  agreement, three years of being sexually available to Stephen in exchange for
  a million dollar inheritance. Actually it was only two years and nine months
  now. A lot had happened since that time. Michael had trained her, trained her
  well. She had lost her virginity in all of her orifices, Michael and Stephen
  enjoying putting their cocks in her mouth, pussy and finally sodomizing her.  
Yesterday, Deena had joined them in bed, Rachel forced to perform with another
  girl, jealous as Deena fucked Stephen. Stephen had told Rachel that he would
  be entertaining some of his friends and wanted her to join them.  
"I expect you to do as you are told," the tone of his voice ominous, Rachel
  afraid of what was going to happen.  
He had laid out her clothes, a short black dress that would ride high above
  her knees, low cut cleavage almost down to her waist, no bra, but she was thrilled
  at the sight of the black garter belt and stockings, and a pair of black satin
  panties to match. High heels assured that her legs would be highlighted. She
  took a leisurely bath, soaking in the suds, her hand slipping down into the
  water, to gently masturbate, her eyes closed in thought at what would happen
  to her today. She could never fathom the things that they did, Rachel was always
  surprised and sometimes shocked at what they conjured up for her. She was sure
  today wouldn't be an exception. She stood before the full length mirror, naked,
  turning sideways, her breasts sticking out, her nipples still hard from masturbating,
  surrounded by the dark brown areolas. She gazed down past her waist, her butt
  firm and tight, her legs lean and long. She faced the mirror, her pussy framed
  by the patch of pubic hair neatly cut into a vee, her mound pronounced, split
  delicately by her labia.  
She began to dress, admiring herself when she finished, turning sideways,
  her dress opening up slightly in the front, a peek of her naked breasts. Her
  legs looked great in the short dress, the feeling of the garter belt and stockings
  making her feel even sexier then she was. She heard the doorbell ring numerous
  times, the sounds of voices downstairs signaling that some of the guest had
  arrived, a tremble running through her body at the unknown that awaited her.  
The clock in the hallway chimed seven o'clock, telling her it was time to
  join Stephen. She left her room, closing the door behind her, her heels clicking
  on the wooden floors as she went downstairs. She could hear voices coming from
  the living room, unusual, not the place that Stephen usually entertained. She
  turned down the hallway, entering the massive living room. There were four
  men and Stephen in the room. She smiled as she entered, her eyes moving from
  each of them.  
She had met some of them before when she was younger, before she went to
  boarding school. The first was the Judge, a prominent jurist, a good friend
  of Stephen's. He was about sixty five, graying hair, slim figure, impeccably
  dressed, a dashing figure if it wasn't for his age. Seated on the other end
  of the couch was a handsome man dressed in a military uniform, a Colonel if
  she read the insignia correctly. He looked to be in his late thirties, early
  forties; a quick look showed no sign of a wedding ring on his finger. In the
  chairs across from the couch sat the Chairman of the school, Michael's boss.
  She had heard rumors about him, though no one had every confirmed them, most
  of the girls refusing to even discuss it. He had a liking for the young girls
  at the school, nothing unusual in that, Headmaster Michael had taught many
  of the girls to be sexually available to their guardians, Rachel included.
  But his tastes were reported to run to more of the extreme, bondage and S&amp;M.
  But no one ever talked about it, it remaining only a rumor. He was older than
  Michael and Stephen, probably in his fifties. He was tall and slender, handsome
  in his own sort of way, but also scary; his eyes seem to run right through
  you. Next to him sat a Japanese gentleman, graying hair, dressed in a black
  kimono, somewhat out of place with the other men, but still looking as though
  he fit in.  
Her heels clicked on the tile floors as she walked in, all eyes on her, not
  on her face, but on her body. Her naked breasts beneath her dress bounced as
  she walked, her nipples hard as they rubbed on the inside of the dress, the
  silk stocking hissing as her thighs touched as she walked. She was sure that
  there were five hard cocks in the room as she walked in, smiling at the thought
  of what her body did to men.  
"Good evening Rachel. You look lovely tonight. You know some of them men,
  Judge Johnson and Chairman Wilson. This is Colonel Leonard and Sensei Ito.
  Would you mind getting us all a drink? Scotch and water, a touch of ice." They
  began to talk again, Sensei Ito commanding the conversation.  
She walked over to the bar, making the drinks, sure that all eyes were on
  her ass as she walked. Sensei. She was sure that was a title used for teachers,
  doctors and other people with a higher education and from whom you receive
  a service or instructions. She wondered what his services or instructions were.
  She put the drinks on a tray and walked over to them, the ice in the drinks
  clinking as she walked. She gave Stephen his drink first out of respect, bending
  over to hand him the glass, his eyes staring into the gap of her dress, staring
  at her naked breast.  
"Colonel Leonard next. He is the head of the Special Operations. His specialty
  is political and military interrogation. I understand he is very good at his
  job. He has been very valuable for the school, helping Headmaster Michael in
  the training of the girls and assisting Chairman Wilson in some other matters."  
She moved toward him, a shiver running up her spine as his eyes glared at
  her, sure that his mind was imagining some awful things that involved her.
  As she bent over to hand him the drink, he sat forward in the couch, closer
  to her. "Don't move," his voice commanding, Rachel frozen in place. She looked
  over at Stephen, he nodded to her, Rachel realizing that the night had already
  started.  
"You're a very lovely girl Rachel," standing up in front of her. His hand
  reached out and pushed into the vee of her dress, feeling the goose bumps pop
  out on her skin as he touched her for the first time. He slid his hand in further,
  cupping her breast in his large hand, able to cradle it in his palm. "Such
  a lovely tit Rachel." His finger began to run over her nipple, feeling the
  tip react, swelling up under his ministrations. "Nice firm tits and a very
  perky nipple." He squeezed the nipple between his fingertips, watching her
  expression as he increased the pressure, seeing her bite her lip as he pinched
  harder. "Do you like your nipples pinched Rachel?" He twisted his fingers,
  feeling the flesh beneath his fingertips crush.  
All eyes were on her as the Colonel played with her breast, his hand hidden
  from view but all could see his hand move beneath her dress, cradling her breast.
  At first he was gentle, then his fingers began to pinch her nipple. She did
  enjoy a little pain though she hated to admit it to anyone, but he continued
  to apply pressure, feeling like her nipple was in a vise. "Yes, I mean no," she
  stammered, the pressure continuing, feeling like her nipple was being crushed.  
The Colonel released his tight grip on her nipple. "It seems to have gotten
  bigger and harder. I think the answer is yes." His hand clenched onto her breast
  flesh, testing the resiliency, unclenching, then clenching again, feeling her
  squirm from his powerful grip. He loved the feel of young, firm flesh, his
  fingertip rubbing over her nipple, keeping it in a state of hardness. He pulled
  his hand out of her dress, all eyes on the black fabric, her pointed nipple
  seemed to be trying to poke through the silky material. "Give Chairman Wilson
  his drink next."  
Rachel moved towards the Chairman, fearing him the most. While the rumors
  were never confirmed, she was almost sure they were true. She had read a little
  about BDSM and the thought of being bound did tend to excite her, she was not
  sure about the pain. There was a fine line between pain and pleasure and she
  had often discovered that pain didn't bother her much while she was sexually
  aroused. The Chairman was not as handsome as Headmaster Michael. He was older,
  mid fifties, with brown hair with a hint of gray around the temples, long and
  wavy. His face had a hardened look to it and she guessed that is what made
  her scared of him the most, the dark brown eyes that looked so forbidden. He
  was still fit for his age and dressed impeccably, a pullover and slacks that
  fit his body to a tee.  
He grabbed the glass that Rachel offered him, putting it quickly down on
  the table. He had other things to attend to, the lovely girl that was standing
  in front of him. "Come closer Rachel," his voice assertive, just like Michael's
  or Stephen's. She didn't hesitate, a product of Michael's training. She stood
  before him, her shapely legs perched on her heels within reach, his hands moving
  out to touch her knees. "Spread your legs a bit Rachel. I want to feel those
  sleek thighs. Stephen tells me you have a lovely garter belt on." He waited
  as her legs parted, a foot between them. "Wider Rachel. You can do better then
  that."  
Rachel was beginning to get a little embarrassed. All of these men were staring
  at her body, each taking a turn at touching her, Rachel unable to do anything
  but suffer under their fondling of her body. She feared what they intended
  to do to her, knowing this was only the preliminary. She spread her legs wider,
  a dampness between her legs as she submitted, knowing that a hand would soon
  feel that between her legs. She felt the large calloused hand begin to slide
  up the insides of her thighs. She shuffled her legs a little wider as the hand
  became more insistent, grabbing her tender flesh harder, squeezing her thighs,
  forcing them into a wider stance.  
"That's a good girl Rachel," pleased as she spread her legs wider without
  being told. He sat forward, both hands on her thighs now, pushing outward on
  her legs, making her bow them out. She had to crouch down slightly to allow
  for the awkward position. He could almost smell her pussy, the thought of the
  way her pussy lips were unfolding by the obscene position made his cock throb
  in his pants. He felt her body shiver when he reached the top of her stockings,
  his hands finding her naked silky thighs. He pinched each thigh harshly.  
She looked down at the position he was forcing her into, her legs bowed out
  his hands beneath her dress moving about, all eyes on her as she stood submissively
  before him. "OWW," she screamed, her legs moving farther apart as her sensitive
  thigh flesh was pinched, feeling like tiny bites of the pliers were taken to
  her skin. The hands moved up higher now, her legs beginning to ache, feeling
  as she was being split up the middle by the wide expanse. She could feel her
  pussy getting wet, her body eagerly waiting the touch. "AAAGGG," she moaned
  quietly as his index fingers pushed painfully into the tender area where her
  legs met, his thumbs moving up to push into her labia. She began to rock back
  and forth as the fingers pressed and released, each time the pressure harder
  then the last.  
The Chairman pushed his fingers hard into her labia, pushing outward, feeling
  her lips part, imagining the way she was opening up for him. He felt the gentle
  rocking of her body as he pressed harder, her eyes closed as she seemed to
  enjoy the harsh pressure on her body. He would see how well she would respond
  later when she would be naked, spread and bound, the Chairman free to test
  her limits of pain and pleasure. He thought she had came when he touched her
  slit, his fingers finding her wet panties dug tightly into the crevice. "Our
  dear Rachel is ready to cum for us," the others laughing at her obvious arousal.  
She opened her eyes to the laughter, her face red in shame, her body trembling.
  They were right, she was ready to cum, the Chairman's fingers leaving her body
  unfulfilled and highly aroused.  
"Give the Judge his drink," Stephen ordered her.  
She clenched her legs tightly together, feeling her wet panties still pushed
  between her lips, walking over to the Judge as her panties moved back and forth
  her wet slit. God, she wished she could push her hand into her panties
  and masturbate herself, not even caring if the others watched.  She
  knew where the Judge would be visiting, afraid of the Sensei, all of her body
  would have been touched and prodded, what would he do? She handed the drink
  to the Judge, quickly turning her back to him as he ordered, staring at the
  Sensei and Chairman. The Judge's hands quickly manipulated her body into the
  position he desired of her, one hand on the small of her back, pushing downward,
  Rachel lowering her upper body as her ass naturally arched out.  
"Hands on your knees, the Gentlemen would like to see those lovely titties
  dangling down." The Judge watched as her already short dress slid up the back
  of her thighs, her garter belt revealed, her black panties peeking out below
  the edge.  
Rachel lifted her head up, leaving the top of her dress to open up, her naked
  breasts almost spilling out, exposed for the Chairman and the Sensei. She didn't
  have to wait long before she heard the familiar command.  
"Spread your legs wide for me Rachel," the sixty five year old Judge always
  appreciative of Stephen sharing his teenage girls with him. They didn't like
  to be touched or fucked by someone as old as him but Stephen and Michael always
  taught them well, willing to do anything to please, the Judge eager to test
  their resolve. His hand slid between her widely spread thighs, gripping her
  abdomen, pushing upward. "Raise your ass up for me Rachel," his cock jumping
  in his pants as her ass arched upward, her dress sliding high over her panties,
  the lovely ass of this teenage pushed obscenely into his face, her black panties
  outlining her white flesh. The silky panties clung to her flesh, the crotch
  wet with her juices. With her legs spread so wide, her cheeks were barely covered,
  the panties sliding to gather into her crack, her taut cheeks almost begging
  for a spanking or a whipping.  
She almost came as he touched her, not even caring when his dry, clammy hands
  touched her naked skin. She felt his fingers on each side of her crack, pushing
  outward, her panties sliding between them. She felt her hips wag back and forth,
  unable to control her own body as his fingertips touch close by her forbidden
  spot, her tiny anus. Stephen and Michael had both sodomized her, forcing her
  to take their hard cocks up her tiny hole and then making her pleasure them,
  clenching on their hard cocks until they flooded her colon with their hot cum.
  It had hurt, their cocks too large, her anus too small, but she knew that they
  enjoyed her screams, making it even more enjoyable to them as she squealed
  in pain under their urgent thrusting into her hot colon. The fingers pressed
  outward, feeling her anus begin stretching, the familiar burning in her backside
  beginning.  
"Such a lovely backside Rachel," his cock ready to spew as he peeled her
  cheeks open, her tiny black panties pushed into her crack, the only protection
  from his leering eyes. "It will be a pleasure to punish it." His hand began
  to move over her asscheeks, touching the naked flesh, clenching the resisting
  muscles as she tightened her cheeks in response to his words of punishment.  
Now the truth was beginning to come out. Her body trembled in fear and pleasure,
  the thought of being spanked or whipped while the five of them watched, knowing
  that she would be bound, her body readily available to whatever they desired
  to inflict on her, pain or pleasure exciting her and also making her fearful.
  She didn't know what to expect, but sure that they wouldn't give her an option
  of accepting or not. A smack to her ass by the Judge, his age no deference
  to the powerful slap of his palm on her cheek as she felt her skin burn from
  the blow. At the same time she felt her pussy leak her juices, the thought
  of how she must look driving her arousal.  
He smacked her ass again, the sound ringing out in the room. "Up now Rachel,
  give the Sensei his drink," Rachel standing back up, her hand moving to the
  top of her dress, pushing her breasts back in the wide gap of her dress, picking
  up the last drink and moving towards the Sensei.  
He smiled as she moved closer, taking the glass from her hand and sitting
  it on the table. "Stephen would you help me," handing Stephen the blindfold
  that he had on the table.  
 Panic settled into Rachel when Stephen placed the blindfold over her eyes,
  blackness suddenly engulfing her as she stood there. The blindfold fit her
  tightly, no light entering, the sounds and smells around her getting stronger.
  She felt a touch on her arm, Stephen's reassuring grip leading her away, the
  sound of the other men following them. "Where are we going?"  
"Into the other room, we want it to be a surprise for you. I think you will
  enjoy it, if not, we will for sure." They entered the other room, the lights
  already turned on.  
"Do you know what to do Stephen?" The Sensei moved closer to Rachel, standing
  in back of her. He gripped the roll of heavy rope, waiting for the right moment.
  He had done this many times, each time the result was the same. The Judge was
  standing by, ready to pull off her blindfold at the right moment.  
In the darkness, she could still sense Stephen in front of her, partly from
  his scent, partly she just felt him. She felt a light touch on her leg, feeling
  a tickle, her dress being pulled up her legs. She was sure that it was above
  her waist, the cool air blowing on her naked thighs. She heard the command
  again.  
"Spread your legs Rachel, really wide and I will make you cum." He tucked
  the dress up, keeping it above her waist, his hands free to masturbate her,
  her legs sliding farther and farther apart, her panties pressing harder against
  her labia, her slit clearly visible, the front panel of her panties already
  wet.  
The thought of being masturbated and forced to cum in front of them almost
  did make her cum. She knew all eyes were on her sex, her legs extended wide. "OOOHHH," she
  moaned as she felt Stephen's hand pull out her panties, his hand sliding in,
  sliding down over her neatly trimmed bush, her legs spreading wider, eager
  to have him touch her slit.  
As if they were synchronized and had done this a million times it happened.
  The Judge pulled the blindfold from Rachel's eyes, it taking a second for her
  to get use to the bright light again. Michael's fingers slid between her lips,
  finding her pussy soaked, moving back up to tap at her clit. The Sensei pulled
  her ups arms up, pinning them together, her opposite hand gripping the other
  elbow. He quickly wrapped the rope tightly around them, pulling tight as she
  began to struggle.  
She could finally see, the room filled with various table, chairs and strange
  equipment, all with the express purpose of binding her open and spread. Ropes
  and chains hung from the walls and ceiling, heavy beams able to support her
  weight from the ceiling. One wall held various instruments, paddles, whips
  and a wide selection and sizes of dildoes, many looking very painful, large
  bumps, nails, hooks and ridges running up and down the length of them. She
  felt her arms pulled up behind her, her wrists bound tightly before she could
  even think about protesting, even if she had wanted to. At the same time, Stephen
  touched her clit, her mind conjuring up an image of being bound and forced
  to service all of the men, all of her orifices open and available, her body
  painfully bent and tied. She came from the image, the orgasm racing through
  her body as she struggled, the ropes painfully digging into her arms sending
  a second shattering orgasm through her body. Her legs felt like they would
  collapse, Stephen holding her up as she came again, his fingers moving up and
  down her drenched slit.  
"Young girls have a tendency to do this. You can make them cum the first
  time you bind them. The sudden surrender, a gentle masturbation, the sights
  of the equipment that will take away their free will and leave their body available
  to whatever perversion we will inflict on them makes them cum hard as Rachel
  has aptly demonstrated. It also leaves them sensitive, their sex temporarily
  sated, the feel of a whip or paddle made more painful."  
Rachel could just barely stand, the Sensei continuing to run ropes over her
  body. Her arms were now pinned to each other, high up her back, forcing her
  to bend forward. The Sensei yanked back on her hair, her head thrown back,
  her breasts thrust out. Ropes moved around her upper body, circling her breasts
  at the top three times before circling lower, this time the Sensei pulled her
  breasts up so the rope would wrap tightly underneath them. His hands fumbled
  at the side, unable to see what he was doing, but when he pulled the rope,
  she felt her breasts begin to crush between the ropes, her nipples poking out
  farther as they blood rushed to the tips. His hands fumbled between her breasts,
  a sudden intake of her breath as he pulled again, her breasts pressed even
  tighter between the ropes, feeling like her nipples would explode. Her legs
  were just starting to regain their strength when she saw a rope thrown over
  the beam above her, pulling tight, a strain put on the ropes securing her arms
  as she felt herself being pulled upward.  
They all watched as Rachel was slowly pulled up, the rope moving higher and
  higher. "On your toes Rachel. Stretch that lovely body up for us." Her breasts
  were tightly drawn between the ropes, her nipples, hard and pointed pushed
  out the front of her dress. Her dress had ridden high up her thighs as she
  perched on her toes, slowing swinging around in a circle as she tried to balance
  on the rope.  
The Chairman moved behind her, holding her body still. His hands reached
  around the front of her, his hard cock pushed up against her teenage ass, jerking
  and throbbing as her cheeks tightened, attempting to hold the position on her
  toes. He let his hands run down the front of her legs, moving down until he
  reached the top of her short dress. He gripped it and began to let it run up
  her naked legs, slowly teasing the others as her flesh was revealed.  
It was beginning, the Chairman the first to take advantage of the bondage
  they placed her in, his cock rubbing against her ass, sliding side to side
  as he slowly pulled up her dress. All eyes were on her, but down low, watching
  her legs as they were slowly revealed. She felt the dress move up, feeling
  the air on her naked thighs, sure that it was above where her stockings ended,
  the sexy garter belt revealed to them.  
"A lovely surprise Stephen, unexpected and lovely. Not many girls wear garter
  belts and stockings. Rachel looks lovely in them, it highlights her white,
  silky thighs. I'm sure they will look good at framing her pussy when we get
  her panties down." The Colonel rubbed his cock, he had many plans for Rachel's
  lovely body. She would not like them but she would have to learn to sacrifice
  to please them. He continued to raise up her dress, the black dress pulled
  up over the top of her panties, Rachel seeing all of their eyes on her sex.
  The Chairman ran his hands over her hips, letting them slide back until he
  could grasp her ass cheeks, turning her sideways so everyone could get a glimpse
  of her taut cheeks, her panties pulled tightly over them. "Nice ass," his hands
  continued to take liberties with her body, Rachel tied tightly, still perched
  precariously on her toes, unable to stop him from molesting her. He turned
  her more, her ass to the men, his hand running up and down her crack, the slight
  indent in her panties giving all of the men a mental image of her anus nestling
  tightly in her crack. "Spread your legs for us Rachel," the familiar words
  ringing out in the room again.  
Rachel did as she was asked, her legs spreading apart, hard to keep her balance
  with the obscene position. The Chairman helped her from spinning again, his
  hand on her ass, holding her in place as he caressed her flesh. He tucked the
  bottom of her dress into the top of her panties, keeping it out of the way.
  She felt him turn her again, Rachel spreading her legs again when she was facing
  forward, their eyes burning a hole in her as they gazed at her pussy again.
  She could feel her panties in her slit, knowing they had a great view of her
  labia split by her slit, all of them eager to see her naked pussy.  
"May I, Chairman?" The Sensei moved next to Rachel, a new set of ropes
    in his hands. He tied one end of the rope around her waist, wrapping it twice
    around before tying another knot, this time the rope moving downward.  
  His hands pushed out on her inner thighs until her legs spread wider, the rope
  slipping down between her legs, his hands touching her labia, pulling back
  her lips until the rope pushed in, a knot conveniently located at the top of
  her slit would make sure her clit received the maximum attention. He pulled
  the rope up from behind hard, a gasp coming form Rachel's lips as she felt
  like she was being split up they middle with a knife, the rope splitting her
  sex into two. He pulled her cheeks apart, the rope pushed between them, another
  knot conveniently located over her anus, this one a double knot for added stimulation.
  Back up to the rope around her waist, another knot, then back down again, joining
  the first to push apart her cheeks and lips, the double thick rope now harshly
  placed between them.   
"That hurts," she begged, but she knew it would do no good, their cocks jerking
  in their pants as they inflicted the pain on her sex. She felt the Sensei pull
  up on the rope, her feet almost leaving the ground as she was yanked up by
  her sex. He yanked it back and forth, the knot grinding harshly on her clit
  and anus. "OOOOWWW," she screamed in pain, her sex rubbed raw by the harsh
  rope. She felt the Sensei's hands cup her breasts, squeezing the bound flesh,
  his fingers tapping at her nipples, the blood engorged tips sensitive to the
  touch. His fingers began to tug on her nipples, plucking the swollen tips,
  pinching and twisting them as she tried to move to avoid his harsh fingers,
  only succeeding in forcing the rope to move back and forth, the knots effectively
  rubbing her sex.  
The Sensei pushed his hands into the gap of her dress, pulling her naked
  breast out, repeating the process until both of her breasts were naked and
  exposed. The tight ropes compressed the lovely, teenage flesh, her nipples
  red and swollen as the blood was compressed to the tips. He ran his fingers
  over them, feeling her shudder as the sensitive nipples received his calloused
  fingers. He squeezed her tits hard, compressing the flesh beneath his powerful
  hands, pleased with the moan of pain he squeezed from her lips. He pulled the
  ropes tighter, her breast flesh pinched tighter, compressed into two extended
  cones capped by hard, red blood engorged tips.  
Rachel thought her breasts would pop, a heartbeat in her nipples feeling
  so loud as it throbbed. The Sensei's hands molested her breasts harshly, treating
  them roughly but they seemed to drive a strange feeling between her legs as
  she was slowly stripped naked for the men in the room. It had happened to her
  before, her submission to Headmaster Michael and then to Stephen sending a
  strange desire in her body as they used her body for their own pleasure, often
  igniting pain in her body to please them. The Chairman was not idle, his hands
  running over her naked hips, sliding back to cup her ass cheeks, clenching
  tightly on them, driving the rope deeper into the crevice. He yanked hard on
  the rope, driving it between her legs, feeling like a knife was cutting her
  up the middle, the knots sawing back and forth over her sensitive skin. His
  fingers touched her labia, his powerful fingers pinching the puffy flesh, pulling
  back, shoving the rope in deeper, making sure that she felt the rough rope,
  her panties the only protection she had left. He pinched her lips tightly against
  the rope then yanked it, her breath taken away by the pain as it rasped along
  her tender inner lips.  
The Sensei began to untie the ropes from Rachel, her relief short-lived.
  As soon as the last rope left her body, her dress was yanked from her body,
  Rachel left standing half-naked, her panties her only protection, the garter
  belt and stockings making her feel all the more naked. "On the table," he motioned
  for the others to help him. Rachel was lifted up quickly and placed on the
  cold table. They pushed her head back until it slipped from the table, bending
  backwards as the table no longer supported it, staring up into the ceiling.
  She feared this, the position leaving her mouth open and available, sure that
  she would be fed some hard cocks. Her arms were pulled down towards the floor,
  forcing her back to arch, her breasts forced up into the air. A rope around
  her waist, too tightly drawn forcing her down onto the table, unable to move
  from side to side. She felt fingers fumbling at her ankles, knowing that they
  were being prepared to be bound. She didn't have long to wait until she saw
  two ropes come down from the ceiling, her view cut off by her position as they
  neared her feet. More fumbling and then she felt the rope being pulled back
  up again, this time her ankles were attached. They began to sway uselessly,
  Rachel unable to stop them as her legs were drawn up. At the same time, the
  ropes moved outward, her legs beginning to spread farther and farther apart
  as they rose up.  
A sudden movement next to her caught her attention, turning her head, struck
  by the feel of hot flesh on her cheek, the naked cock of the Judge resting
  on her cheek. She looked over at him, naked, his balls, wrinkled and hanging
  down, his cock semi-hard, the sixty-five year old Judge barely able to get
  an erection. Her ass began to rise up from the table, her legs pulled up higher
  and higher. She began to ache between her legs, the spread of her legs now
  obscenely wide, sure that all of her charms were open and exposed, including
  her anus, a thought that scared her.  
"Yes my dear, open up that sweet mouth and take in my cock," his fingers
  running into the corner of her mouth, prying her lips open, his hips moving
  towards her, his cock dragging across her cheek, leaving a trail of pre-cum
  on her face until it sat throbbing on her lips. She couldn't protest, his cock
  slowly pushed into the hot confines of her teenage mouth, her lips stretching
  wider and wider around his cock. He felt it harden as her hot breath engulfed
  the head, her tongue accidentally swiping at it, afraid he would cum too soon.
  He wanted to enjoy her mouth first. He held her face, turning her towards him,
  feeding more of his dick into her mouth. "Tongue it Rachel, you're going to
  have to make me cum."  
She gurgled as the cock settled into her mouth, disgusted at having to service
  an old man's cock, afraid of when he would cum, knowing they all liked to force
  her to swallow their semen. She almost vomited as it pushed in farther, pushing
  against her cheeks, bulging them out before pushing to the back of her mouth.
  His hand gripped her head tighter as his hips began their urgent pumping, sliding
  in and out of her mouth. She could taste the cum leaking from his cock, sliding
  over her tongue, sitting heavily in her mouth. His hand held her face too tight,
  knowing that he was waiting to shove his cock down her throat, just waiting
  for it to get harder.  
She felt hands running up and down her thighs, her legs pulled high up into
  the air, spread wide, her silky thighs available, caressed by calloused hands,
  moving up and down, pinching her tender skin, forcing a muffled yelp from her
  stuffed mouth.  
The Colonel let his hands run up and down her thighs, moving down to her
  pussy. The wide expanse of her legs left her pussy lips pulled back, her pink
  pussy glistening, her arousal evident. She might protest, but her pussy liked
  being bound and taken. He took a clover clamp, tying a nylon string to the
  end, securing it to the side. He moved it to her labia, his finger gripping
  it, seeing her hips jerk in response for the sudden touch. He pulled outward
  on it before he moved the clover clamp to it, letting it go, snapping shut
  on her tender flesh. He enjoyed her muffled cry of pain, the Judge taking advantage
  of her scream to push his cock further into her throat. She began to gag, the
  cock shoving deep into her throat, clogging it, her breathing heavy through
  her nose. He saw the Judge grip her face tighter, pumping his cock in and out
  of her throat. He pulled her other labia back, her body tense, this time knowing
  what was going to happen, bracing for the sudden pain. She was not disappointed,
  feeling the clamp snap on her other lip, pulling the string tight. She could
  feel her pussy lips pulled wide, opened by the strings attached to the clamps,
  her vagina slightly agape, her pink insides now completely exposed to the men.  
She gurgled and gagged as the Judge pumped her mouth up and down on his cock
  as if it were a pussy. He pushed her face into his abdomen, her lips pushed
  against his stomach, his cock throbbing and jerking in her tight throat. Her
  throat muscles fought the intrusion, clamping on the hard cock, trying to push
  it out as she coughed and gagged, only succeeding in bringing so much pleasure
  to the Judge. "Such a good girl Rachel. You suck cock like a pro," almost ready
  to cum in her teenage mouth, her tongue and throat bringing so much pleasure
  to an old man.  
Her pussy hurt, a pinching and pulling, not sure where it was centered, her
  sex a mass of pain as she lay there bound. She felt the fingers return, felt
  them run up and down her inner pussy, knowing that she must be horribly exposed,
  his fingers not even touching her to spread her open.  
"Do you like clamps on your pussy Rachel? They spread you open so nicely.
  I can almost see inside you," the Colonel laughed. He continued to run his
  fingers over her pussy, taking liberties with her teenage body, his finger
  pushing into her vagina, feeling the tightness, moving back up to her clit,
  the hood already slid back, the tiny bud already hard and pulsating with blood.  
"EEEFFGG," the cock making her choke, gagging while her mouth was still plugged,
  the Judge pushing her face harder onto his cock. Her stomach turned flip-flops
  as she choked and gagged, her throat massaging the cock buried in her neck,
  unable to stop the constant spasm. "Cough, cough," a combination of spit and
  cum dripping from her mouth to his cock as he pulled it out of her mouth, Rachel
  quickly sucking in as much air as possible, all the while choking and gagging.  
"Again, back into your throat again," the Judge eagerly awaiting his pleasure
  again, Rachel's mouth forced back down again onto his cock, the Judge not hesitating,
  her throat breached by the cockhead before she knew it, the choking and gagging
  beginning again. His hands became more insistent, forcing her throat back and
  forth on his cock, never quite pulling it from her throat as he face fucked
  her.  
Her throat was plugged again, sore now, the cock taking its toll on her tender
  passage. She blubbered, gagging uncontrollably, his cock fucking her, not caring
  about her pain or discomfort, eagerly waiting when he would cum and spew his
  filthy seed in her mouth.  
She heard the buzzing, bracing for what she knew was coming, the touch of
  a vibrator on her pussy sending a shiver up her spine in spite of the cock
  that continued to fuck her face. "MMMM," she moaned, the vibrator playing up
  and down her pussy, her juices beginning to freely flow. Vibrators were her
  downfall, never failing to give her an orgasm, but usually it was she that
  wielded the instrument, this time another was doing it, not sure if he could
  find the right places that sent her over the edge. She wished she could raise
  her hips, but the bondage was tight and unyielding, pinning her to the table,
  spread and open. She didn't have time to think any more about it, the Judge
  getting ready to cum, his cock jerking in her mouth, funny noises coming from
  him, his hands more urgent now, pulling his cock from her throat, wanting to
  shoot his filthy cum in her mouth.  
The Judge felt it coming, his balls tingling, her teenage mouth and throat
  dragging his cum from deep in his balls. He pulled his cock from her throat,
  hearing her suck in air, his cock still sitting on her tongue, his hand holding
  her head tight, not wanting her to escape when he shot, wanting to bathe her
  hot mouth with his cum. "GGGGOd, here it comes," his hand gripping the base
  of his cock, squeezing it, feeling her tongue flutter underneath his cock.
  It jerked and began to spew in her mouth, a blast of cum shooting out the end,
  hearing her choke as it shot to the back of her mouth. "Yes, drink my cum Rachel," his
  hand continuing to pump his cock in her mouth. He saw it in her eyes as his
  cock filled her mouth with his hot cum, the degradation of sucking his cock
  and letting him shoot in her mouth. He loved the look, making his cock shoot
  again, her cheeks bulging as her mouth was filled. "Swallow Rachel or you'll
  choke to death." Her saw her hesitate, then he saw her neck move, knowing that
  his thick cr&egrave;me was sliding down to settle in her stomach.  
He kept shooting in her mouth, Rachel holding it as long as she could, hoping
  to spit it out, the taste bad enough in her mouth, the thought of it sitting
  in the pit of her stomach almost making her vomit. Finally she relented, swallowing,
  the thick semen slowly passing down her throat, the hot, salty fluid feeling
  like lumps as she swallowed again and again. He finally pulled his depleted
  cock from her mouth, a trail of cum on her lips and chin as he dragged it out.
  Her head slumped down, her taste buds coated with the foul tasting cum. She
  coughed, spitting out what was left in her mouth.  
She almost forgot the vibrator, looking up and seeing the Colonel smiling
  at her. She shivered when it touch her pussy again, this time pressed against
  her vagina, the vibrator humming on high as the pressure began to build, the
  Colonel pressing it inside her. She could only lie there and feel the vibrator
  slowly sink inside her, her walls gripping on the vibrating plastic as the
  Colonel began a fucking motion with the fake cock, each time sending it deeper
  and deeper inside her. She looked up, the Chairman standing next to her, his
  cock in his hand, looking at her slightly open mouth. "No, not again," she
  cried, but his fingers pushed into the corner of her mouth, prying it open,
  his hard cock pushed into the opening.  
"Suck it Rachel, suck it like you did the Judge," wanting to dump his cum
  in the teenager. He felt her tongue begin to move around the head, her lips
  tightening on his cock as it slid in and out her lips, his hands reaching down
  to grip her head. "In your throat Rachel, like the Judge," not to be denied
  the pleasure that only her throat would bring.  
She began again, the only way he would be finished with her was when he came,
  so she set about to bring his pleasure, knowing that her mouth would again
  be bathed in cum, unable to do anything to change it. The vibrator began to
  feel good, the Colonel moving it around inside her, touching places that she
  didn't even know existed, but a new threat emerged. She heard another vibrator,
  feeling the cold of a lubricated vibrator pressed against her dimpled anus.
  She hated it when they fucked her in the ass, the vibrator almost as bad. She
  felt her anus fight the plastic cock, the Colonel applying greater pressure,
  her anus slowly forced to open to accept it. The vibrator felt strange, not
  hurting like she thought it would, but not all together pleasurable yet, the
  plastic vibe massaging the muscle in her rectum, rubbing back and forth as
  it pushed in deeper. She choked, the Chairman forcing his long cock into her
  throat, Rachel taking a deep breath, opening up her throat and swallowing the
  cock, fighting back the urge to vomit, her mouth filling with saliva, but at
  least she wasn't choking. She breathed through her nose, fighting the urge
  to gag, the cock blocking her throat, the flesh pulsating and throbbing in
  her throat. She let her tongue lash at the shaft, feeling every bump and vein
  on it, running up and down the side, eager to make him cum.  
"OOH," she mumbled, the vibrator pressing in deeper, wishing she could bend
  her knees and bow them out, anything to relive the cramp the vibrator was giving
  her, not like a cock, the plastic rigid and unyielding in her anal tract. She
  could never understand their fascination with her asshole, it couldn't be better
  than her pussy. The cock in her mouth began to fuck her, pushing in and out
  of her throat, each time Rachel tried hard to swallow it, many times not gagging,
  the cock passing painfully into her throat for the pleasure of the Chairman.  
"Going to cum soon Rachel. But I need to play with your nips to get me to
  cum," his hand reaching down to her nipples, strong fingers pinching both of
  them, pulling them out. He got off when he molested a nice pair of nipples,
  twisting and turning them, the girls groans and moans of pain what he needed
  to cum, Rachel no exception.  
Her body was a mass of conflicting emotions. Her mouth was stuffed with hard
  cock, her throat impaled on the thick member. Her nipples were pinched, twisted
  and pulled painfully, her pussy stuffed with vibrating plastic as her asshole
  fought the intrusion of the plastic vibe buried deep inside her, pulsating
  away. She fought it but the pleasure was winning, her mouth began to suck the
  Chairman's cock deeper into her mouth, swallowing as it pushed into her throat.
  She tightened on the twin probes in her holes, exacting the maximum amount
  of pleasure from the vibes. Even her nipples seemed to crave the harsh touch
  of the Chairman. Then it hit her. At the precise time that the Chairman began
  to cum in her mouth, pulling it from her throat to make sure she tasted his
  thick cum, her mouth quickly filling with his juices, she came. Her body shuddered,
  her pussy and asshole clamping down on the twin probes, grasping them as they
  continued to plunge back and forth in her orifices, the vibrating plastic massaging
  her passages. And her clit, swollen to twice its size felt like it was going
  to burst, the vibrator drawing out such a delicious feeling that ran through
  her body. She could feel her juices flowing over the vibe, soaking the fake
  cock as it continued to fuck her as she came again, her mouth swallowing the
  first load of cum just in time to receive another copious load of cum.  
They watched Rachel as she came, the twin vibrators extracting pleasure from
  her bound body while she sucked the Chairman's cock with abandonment, no longer
  fighting the cock that had forced its way into her throat. She had cum twice
  so far, but Stephen's and the Colonel were still ready to take her, but they
  preferred the orifices between her legs, the tightness of her teenage body
  would extract such pleasure from their loins. Her body slumped down, exhausted
  again from the orgasm. The Sensei quickly removed the ropes from her body,
  her legs back down on the table, Rachel turning onto her side, curling into
  a ball, cum dripping from her mouth, her thighs glistening in her juices.  
She felt hands lifting her up again, her legs weak, unable to support her
  body as she was half dragged onto the floor. The Sensei held a leather collar
  in his hand, a long chain hanging from it. She felt it tightened around her
  throat, panicking as he tightened it too tight, hard to swallow now. She was
  placed on the floor, a large O' ring on the floor, Rachel pushed to her hands
  and knees. Her head was pushed down by unknown hands until her face was only
  inches from the wooden floor. She saw the Sensei's hands grip the chain, pushing
  it through the O' ring before a tiny metal lock secured it. She pulled back
  with her head the pull of the chain stopping her only inches from the floor.
  She felt hands pull her ass up higher, hands on the small of her back pushing
  down, her ass arching up obscenely as an unknown number of hands posed her
  body provocatively for them.  
The Sensei moved behind her, kneeling behind her up thrust ass, his hands
  sliding between her slightly parted thighs, pushing out on the silky skin. "Spread
  them out for us Rachel," his hands continuing to force them outwards even when
  she tried to stop. His hand went to one knee, a rope tied tightly around it,
  the Colonel grabbing the other end and moving it to another O' ring on the
  floor to the side of her body. "That should keep you spread for us Rachel," his
  hand pushing down on her back, the other under her abdomen, forcing her ass
  to arch up again. "Real high Rachel. It opens up your sex so nicely for us
  when you do."  
She felt the cool air on her wet sex, her labia pushed back by the spread
  of her legs, feeling the air blow on her super-heated pussy. Even though she
  had cum twice, the bondage and the powerful hands on her body sent ripples
  up and down her spine, knowing that hard cocks would soon be thrust into her
  bound body. The chain on her neck was slackened, allowing her to rise up on
  her hands. Hands fumbled with her other leg, a tight rope attached low on her
  thigh. She felt a hand lift up her leg and pull it backwards, the rope tightening
  as the Sensei made sure that her leg didn't bend unnaturally as it was pulled
  up high behind her. She gasped in pain as her legs were spread obscenely, her
  cheeks parted widely, her pussy feeling as if she was being split up the middle.
  The Sensei tied the ropes tightly, letting her leg go, her lower leg hanging
  uselessly as she balanced on her hands and one leg, her body twisting sideways.  
 The Sensei let his hands run under her body, grabbing her hanging breasts
  in his powerful hands, squeezing them until she gasped in pain, feeling her
  nipples harden up his touch. His hands slide down her sleek side, cupping her
  tightly clenched cheeks, before moving down to her sex.  
"AAAAHHH," she gasped, two fat fingers suddenly impaling her vagina, sinking
  deep inside her, her legs unable to protect her body from their hands. They
  began a gentle fucking motion, sliding in and out of her wet pussy.  
"Get wet for us Rachel. You're going to have to take some hard cocks in your
  teenage pussy." He thrust a thumb in her anus, watching as the red, wrinkled
  opening swallowed it.  
"NOOO," his thumb hurting as it slid inside her rectum, the large finger
  moving sideways, touching places that should be left untouched. The burning
  returned as she felt her sex invaded by too many fingers, her rectum beginning
  to spasm uncontrollably by the finger running in and out.  
"There too Rachel. I'm sure someone will test the elasticity of your asshole.
  Young girl's assholes are so resilient, able to take large cocks that stretch
  their holes painfully, but shrink back down again, feeling like a virgin asshole
  again and again. Your spasms grip my finger so nicely, imagine what it will
  do to a hard cock. Are you ready Colonel?"  
The Colonel moved to the spot vacated by the Sensei, his hard cock throbbing,
  the sight of her tight pussy almost making him cum. He put his hands on his
  hips as he kneeled behind her, seeing her look over her shoulder, her eyes
  staring at his big cock that thrust out, his cum laden balls hanging down below.
  Her slit was gaping open, her vagina slightly agape, the dark mysterious hole
  opened. He pushed his cock head against her vagina, hearing her gasp as the
  mushroom head pushed aside all resistance, feeling her opening grip his cock
  like a giant rubber band. God she felt good, his cock head gripped so tight
  he didn't know if he would be able to push in.  
Rachel let her head sink down as she felt the insistence of his cock as he
  began to thrust into her spread body, unable to stop the thick cock from sliding
  into her wet pussy. She groaned as her pussy stretched to receive the girth
  of his cock, feeling the head push aside all resistance as he began to fuck
  her, his hands gripping her hips tightly, his thrusts driving his cock deeper
  and deeper into her clutching pussy. It seemed to go on forever, his large
  cock touching places inside deep inside her, filling her with his hot flesh.
  She felt her juices aiding his cock, sliding along her wet passage, feeling
  every lump, hair and vein on his cock as it slide inside her. She felt it hit
  deep inside her, a yelp pushed from her lips as the bulbous head banged against
  her cervix, feeling bruised inside. She felt it jerk then begin the gradual
  withdrawal, feeling like he was drawing her insides out. The painful spread
  of her legs hurt, his cock beginning the fucking, pulling in and out with more
  powerful strokes each time, his hands reaching under to grip her tits in his
  palms, pulling her back onto the cock that tore into her very being.  
"Such a good fuck Rachel, squeeze my cock real nice and I will shoot you
  full of hot cum," teasing her as he fucked her bound body, her tits slapping
  back and forth in his palms as her body was buffeted by his powerful thrusts.
  Her pussy gripped his cock so tightly it was a struggle to drag his cock from
  her each time. His balls slapped against her from behind, his stomach banging
  against her ass cheeks, the sound of flesh meeting flesh ringing out in the
  room, Rachel's groans and moans joining in as the fucking continued. The Colonel
  fucked her for over ten minutes, his cock never slowing down, continually thrust
  in and out of her teenage pussy as she endured the constant fucking. He had
  long learned to control his orgasm, enjoying the way he made the girls underneath
  him endure the constant fucking of his cock, Rachel no different then the rest.  
Her pussy felt raw, his cock continuing to fuck her, her body rocked back
  and forth as his hips slapped against her. It felt like hours, the cock extracting
  the maximum amount of pleasure from her body, her pussy gripping it, trying
  to force it out, only succeeding in giving him greater pleasure. She finally
  felt the final thrust, his cock feeling like a sword that was trying to drive
  through her as he buried it deep inside her pussy, throbbing and jerking before
  finally spewing out a load of hot, stinging cum. She shuddered as it felt like
  a fire hose spraying her insides, gallons of cum dumped into her body. He finally
  pulled out, feeling the river of cum drip down her thighs, a puddle beneath
  her.  
They gathered around her again, the ropes loosened from her body, her legs
  able to close, feeling the stickiness between them, cum still stuck to her
  thighs.  
"Let her ride the horse," moving her over to the padded bench sitting high
  on four legs. It was covered in leather, a dark brown from the countless stains
  that covered the top. It was rounded, sloping gradually to the sides.  
She feared what they were going to do to her. She knew she would be bound,
  but what scared her most was the large rubber dildo that stuck up from the
  edge of the bench. It was over eight inches long, a fat bulbous crown on it
  shaped like a cockhead. The edges were flanged, sticking out over an inch on
  each side, sloped downward. While it would slide in easily, the exit would
  not be so, the flanges would flare out as the head was drawn out, dragging
  out painfully as it spread her open. That and the fact that if the dildo was
  in her pussy, then the cock she knew was coming would have no other place then
  in her asshole. She knew that she would be stuffed, her pussy and asshole filled
  with faux and real cock. She struggled uselessly, two strong men lifting her
  up, a third between her legs, pulling back her labia, aiming the dildo onto
  her vagina. "OOOOHH," she moaned as her vagina was stretched again, still sore
  from the previous fucking, the rubber dildo slowly forcing her open again. "No,
  slower," she begged as they lowered her down, feeling her pussy clenching tight
  on the rubber dildo as it slid in her cum drenched passage.  
They finally settled her down on the faux cock, her vagina stretched tightly
  around the huge cock. Ropes were attached to her ankles, tied together under
  the bench, her legs bowed out by the shape of the bench, her sex stuffed. It
  hurt when they bent her over, the rubber dildo bending painfully inside her,
  rubbing against places never touched before. She felt the front of the bench
  lowering, her head down, her ass rising up. "It burns," her pussy suddenly
  burning. "What did you do?"  
"A little Ben Gay on the dildo. It should keep you moving up and down on
  the dildo while Stephen buries his cock inside your anal sheath. If you squeeze
  on it, it wouldn't burn as much." It would also give Stephen a ride he wouldn't
  forget.  
Now she would have to fuck back on his cock and also on the dildo as painful
  as the task was. She saw Stephen moving behind her, his large cock glistening
  from the lubricant, Rachel hoping it wasn't Ben Gay. His fingers moved to the
  sides of her anus, pulling outward, her tiny hole forced to spread open, the
  burning beginning as the skin was drawn taut. "AAAAHHH," a tongue forced into
  her anus, pushing deep inside, lathering her rectum from within, the fingers
  keeping her spread open for the rough tongue. She tightened on the dildo, her
  anus tightening at the same time, forcing the tongue out of her. "OOOWW," the
  fingers spreading her farther open, a rubbery object touching her spread hole,
  the cock pulsating and jerking as it touched her hole. "OOOHH," the slippery
  cock not to be denied, slowly spreads her open, entering her hole to slip into
  her hot rectum.  
Stephen was not to be denied, his rigid cock so eager to be encased in her
  hot, buttery asshole. He thrust into her rear passage, his hands gripping her
  hips tightly as she struggle to accept the hard cock.  
A scream tore from her lips as her crotch was ablaze in pain, the searing
  dildo stretching and burning her pussy, her asshole stretched painfully over
  his probing cock as it felt like a red hot iron bar was being shoved painfully
  up her ass. She began to sob as a second thrust forced his cock deep inside
  her bowels, the spasms of her anal tract massaging his cock as she tightened
  to lessen the pain of the Ben Gay, delivering such a delightful fuck to his
  cock, her pain adding so much to his pleasure. The third thrust was the worse,
  his cock pushed to the depths of her bowels, painful cramping in her stomach
  as it straightened out her bowels as it went where cocks shouldn't be, pushed
  to the furthest limit of its length.  
Stephen felt his cock jerking and jumping inside her asshole giving him so
  much pleasure, her walls clamping and clenching on his hard meat. His hands
  stroked her sleek thighs. "Good girl Rachel. You are giving me such pleasure," making
  his cock jerk inside her asshole, feeling her tighten on his cock.  
She almost felt proud to be able to give him that much pleasure, the pain
  she was suffering almost bearable, as long as he was happy. He began to fuck
  her asshole, the searing agony as his cock pushed in and out, his cock rubbing
  against the faux cock only separated by a thin membrane bearable. He fucked
  her twenty nine times. Twenty nine times his cock plunged in and out her backside,
  burying itself deep into her clenching bowels before the fucking stopped. She
  felt him plunge deep inside her, pushing as hard as he could, Rachel feeling
  like he was driving a sword through her body and trying to push it out the
  other side. She felt him ejaculate deep inside her guts, his hot cum bathing
  the tight tunnel of her backside, each spasm of his cock dumping more cum inside
  her. She could only lie there, whimpering as he slowly pulled his cock out
  of her asshole, her clenching bowels squeezing the last of the juices from
  his cock.  
She cried as they pulled her off the bench, the faux cock pulling her insides
  out as the flanges spread out, stretching her open. At last she had satisfied
  them all, taking four cocks inside her, the Sensei being there for his bondage
  techniques, Rachel not available sexually to him. But she was wrong. They bound
  her again, this time face up, her head down far, her arms and legs tied to
  the base of a stool, her body bent painfully, her crotch the highest point
  of her body. They spread her open as they always did, Rachel seeing the hard
  cocks already in front of her. The only pleasure they wanted from her was her
  screams, her pussy spanked by the Chairman, his large hand easily covering
  the whole area of her sex, setting the skin ablaze in pain.  
It seemed like hours, her body bound in different positions, her sex always
  spread and exposed, various instruments used to make her scream. A cock was
  introduced into her orifices, her mouth, pussy and her asshole fucked for their
  enjoyment, her body forced to dance on their cock, the pain used to make her
  give them such pleasure with her tight, teenage body. They finally left, Stephen
  helping her up to take a bath, her battered body soaked in sweat and cum. He
  helped her into his bed, Rachel falling into an exhausted sleep, her naked
  body curled into a ball.  
Rachel woke up first, Stephen nestled up behind her, spooning her, his cock
  throbbing against her naked ass. Even though he was asleep, his cock was hard.
  She snuggled against him, rubbing her ass cheeks against it, feeling it begin
  to stir. She reached behind her, gripping his cock gently, bringing it between
  her legs, surprised to find her pussy already wet. She pushed it against her
  vagina and began to slide back, his cock gradually swallowed up by her pussy.
  She heard him awaken, his hands reaching around to cup her breasts, his fingers
  finding her nipples already hard, one hand sliding down to her pussy, rubbing
  her clit, driving her back onto his cock encased in her hot pussy.  
"That's the way I liked to be awakened," his cock beginning to thrust back
  and forth inside her pussy. "But tomorrow, I want to wake up in your asshole," he
  ordered her.  
Only two years and eight months and thirty days now. She was beginning to
  enjoy the domination Stephen had over her. It made her wet and excited. Even
  the pain failed to dampen her desires, the submission to Stephen and his friends
  making her cum more then she cared to admit to. But still, she would probably
  leave once her time period was up. It wouldn't be the same. Now she was submitting
  because she had to, had to service Stephen and any of his friends with her
  body. She had no choice and that was what excited her so much. She would miss
  it, but she still had a long time to go, the thought of forcing her to slip
  her asshole over his cock while he was asleep making her ready to cum. There
  was so much that she would have to endure with Stephen before the time was
  up, her body shuddering as he shot his load of cum inside her, his finger driving
  an orgasm from her body.  
The End  
 
   SEE MY NEW NOVEL NOW ON SALE AT RENAISSANCE E-BOOKS.   
"TEACHING THE AU PAIR TO
      SUBMIT"  
RENAISSANCE
      E-BOOKS   
RIGHT CLICK ON LINK TO OPEN   
Twenty-three year old Jessica is the consummate full-time college student
  surviving on scholarships with little time or money for anything else, except
  her fantasies of the tall, dark stranger. Facing a jobless summer and no family
  to fall back on, she begins to worry about her prospects. &nbsp;  
When her professor catches her having yet another of her blatantly sexual
  daydreams during one of his lectures, he realizes she is a suitable candidate
  in his hunt to help his very prominent, wealthy, long-time friend. Michael
  Jergen seeks a beautiful, young, female Au-Pair for his four-year-old son while
  they spend the summer in his house in Haiti. Knowing Michael's insatiable appetite
  for beautiful, supple, young females and noting Jessica's apparently unfulfilled
  needs displayed so brazenly in class, he realizes she's the perfect choice.  
&nbsp;When her professor offers her the chance to apply for a lucrative Au-Pair
  position for a young child in Haiti, Jessica sees all of her prayers answered.
  She jumps at the chance, seeking a summer of adventure in a new land and the
  opportunity to make some extra money and learn of another culture all at the
  same time. Surely having the professor take advantage of her young body and
  touch her so intimately in order to get the job was a one-time deal; a small
  price to pay for a summer of wealth and luxury in a foreign land with a handsome
  and powerful man like Michael Jergen.  
&nbsp;Unbeknownst to Jessica, her sexual fantasies are about to take on a
  life of their own as her introduction into submission begins the moment she
  steps into Michael's world of discipline, mastery and pleasures of the flesh.
  So commences her journey into a whirlwind world of sex, submission, punishment
  and the mystique of Haiti's legendary Voodoo rituals.  
M/f, B/D, reluctant, humil, D/s   
Excerpt   
The next day she dressed in the new underwear Michael had given her, her
  body shivering as she slipped into the panties. They were his present to her,
  the silky material touching her intimate sex. She put on the high heels, the
  straps pulled tightly around her ankles. It felt strange for a while; it was
  as if they were bound to her feet. Her pussy got wet at the thought of it.  
She and Jerome were playing in the sunroom when Michael came in. Jerome instantly
  stopped and ran to his father, yelling, "Daddy, Daddy!"  
They hugged and talked, Jessica still sitting on the floor as they did, watching
  the bond between father and son. One of the maids came into the room. "Jerome,
  why don't you go into the kitchen and have a snack? I think they have some
  ice cream for you."  
Jerome howled, dragging the maid's hand, rushing her toward the kitchen,
  leaving Jessica and Michael alone in the room, the door closing noisily behind
  them.  
"Did you get my presents, Jessica?" Michael sat in the large leather chair,
  watching her as she sat on the floor.  
"Yes, Sir, thank you very much. I really appreciate it," she smiled up at
  him.  
"You surprise me, Jessica."  
"How so, Sir?"  
"I noticed you were wearing stockings and a garter belt. Most girls opt for
  the more convenient&nbsp;pantyhose. I personally hate them. While they do look
  good outside the skirt, under the skirt they are plain awful. As far as panty
  lines, I tend to love panty lines, I love to see the outline of what is encompassing
  the sexy flesh under the skirt."  
She blushed a little. "I just started wearing them when I came here, Sir," she
  said, admitting to herself that she did it purposely for him.  
Michael smiled again. "I like that in a girl, Jessica. A desire to please
  others. Do you like to do that, Jessica? Does it make you feel sexy when you
  perform for others?"  
"Perform, Sir?"  
"Yes, Jessica, perform. To do what others tell you to do, whether you like
  it or not, knowing that you are sexually arousing them."  
"I never thought of it that way, Sir."  
"Did you enjoy it when I was watching your skirt slide up your legs yesterday?"  
She lowered her eyes to the floor, trying to hide the blush coming over her.
  He was asking her very intimate questions. Yet again, she found herself answering
  personal questions when she wasn't even sure why, never mind why she was responding
  truthfully. "Yes, Sir, it made me feel very sexy that a man of your stature
  was interested in my body."  
"You are a very beautiful girl, Jessica. And from what I can see you have
  a very lovely body." He felt his cock cramped in his shorts, not wanting to
  rearrange it, Jessica's eyes glued to his.  
"Stand up, Jessica." He paused, to see if she would obey.  
She got to her feet, her eyes still glued to his. She stood there, uncomfortable,
  her hands hanging uselessly at her sides.  
"Would you like to show me your garter belt, Jessica?"  
She hesitated, her eyes staring directly at his. Should she? If she did,
  she was not sure she could ever go back. She shuffled her feet, her eyes lowered
  to the floor again, embarrassed at his request.  
Michael did not wait for an answer. "Slowly lift up your skirt for me, Jessica," he
  ordered her.  
Her hands went to the bottom of her short skirt, grabbing it tightly in her
  hands and began to slowly pull it up her legs.  
"Look at me when you do it, Jessica. There is no reason to be embarrassed.
  I'm sure you have a lovely body."  
She let her head rise, her eyes meeting his, the smile on his face.  
She held the skirt higher, seeing Michael grabbing his cock in his pants
  as he watched her. She knew that she was the cause of it, able to make out
  the bulge in his pants, able to tell that his cock was big, though not sure
  how big. She could feel her panties getting wet, hoping that he would not be
  able to tell from where he was sitting. She looked down, her legs now naked,
  the skirt riding up above her stockings, the garter belt beginning to show.
  She stopped, looking up at him again.  
"You can do better than that, Jessica. I want to see all of it. Pull it above
  your waist," he ordered her.  
Jessica shivered, even though the sun was shining brightly through the windows,
  the room warm. The door was closed but anyone outside would be able to see
  her. "I'm afraid someone will see me through the windows, Sir," she said nervously,
  still holding her skirt up, afraid to let it fall back down again.  
He looked at her, holding her skirt up, her legs almost naked, trembling
  like a schoolgirl. "Don't worry about anyone else, Jessica. You are performing
  for me, not them. Now lift up your skirt higher."  
He used that word again&mdash;perform. Yes, that is what she was doing. She
  slowly let her skirt rise up higher, his eyes moving from hers down to below
  her waist as she was slowly revealed to him.  
Michael watched her garter belt come into view, framing her panty-covered
  sex. He could almost make&nbsp;out her pussy lips, the silk panties pulled
  tightly over her shapely form. He had never seen anything as sexy as this,
  especially when she was doing&nbsp;it herself. It was not as if&nbsp;she was
  his wife or girlfriend, or even&nbsp;one of the Haitian servants. She was a
  very intelligent girl slowly revealing her body to him. And he was sure that&nbsp;she
  would do even more. He would find out in the days to come. "Very beautiful,
  Jessica. A little higher, above your waist. I want to see&nbsp;everything."  
Her arms pulled her skirt up high, until she was standing, half-naked, her
  legs perched on the high heels that he loved. She suddenly turned her head,
  seeing a figure out of the corner of her eye. She dropped her skirt, the&nbsp;garment
  re-covering her nakedness. She had seen the gardener, an older man, cutting
  a hedge outside the window. He was looking at her, obviously having seen her
  with her skirt up.  
"Did I say you could let it fall, Jessica?" Michael questioned her in a stern
  voice.  
She looked back at him. "But, Sir, he saw me."  
"I don't blame him for looking at you. It's probably been a long time since
  he has seen such a beautiful young girl lifting her skirt for him. And I haven't
  finished yet. Lift it up again, Jessica, quickly before Jerome comes back."  
She looked at the gardener, his eyes still fixed on her as if he knew what
  Michael was making her do. She looked back at Michael, searching for an excuse
  not to do as he asked, but seeing only lust in his eyes. Her hands went down
  to the edge of her skirt again, letting it slowly rise up until it was above
  her waist again.  
"So lovely, Jessica. Turn to the side, toward the window and look straight
  ahead."  
She knew what he was doing. He was forcing her to show herself to the gardener.
  She hesitantly turned, her skirt pulled up high, her half naked legs clad in
  the garter belt, toward the gardener. She saw the surprise on his face as she
  looked into his eyes, ashamed at exposing herself so blatantly.  
"Spread you legs a little, Jessica, and let me see your lovely inner thighs," he
  ordered her.  
She shuffled her feet, nervous at his request, but she complied, her legs
  spreading over two feet wide. She saw the amazed look on the gardener's face,
  as it appeared that she was posing just for him.  
"Turn with your back to me. Let me see that lovely ass."  
She saw his hand reach down to his trousers, grabbing his cock, stroking
  it as her panty-covered ass was exposed to him.  
"Legs apart again, Jessica."  
At least she did not have to see anyone's face anymore, the humiliation almost
  too much for her, exposing her body to Michael and the old gardener.  
"Bend over, let your panties tighten across your ass cheeks, Jessica. Keep
  your legs spread as you do." He stroked his cock harder, feeling it jerk as
  she complied, her head moving toward the ground, her hair falling. Her panties
  pulled tightly over her cheeks, the crack showing, her pussy outlined by the
  silk material pulled between her lips.  
The sound of screaming and the door opening scared Jessica, pulling her back
  up quickly, her skirt falling down, covering her nakedness.  
"Jessica, let's play outside," Jerome screamed, running up and grabbing her
  hand. "Can I play with Jessica, Daddy? She plays soooo good," he hollered,
  his stomach full, the sugar increasing his energy.  
"Of course you may, Jerome. Jessica is here to play with you. And yes, she
  does play good, doesn't she?" He smiled at Jessica as she was pulled from the
  room.  
Jessica could feel how wet her panties were. The encounter with Michael and
  the gardener, while humiliating, was so exciting. She wasn't sure why, but
  he was right. She did enjoy performing for him. Later, in bed, she masturbated
  again, imagining that Jerome had not come back so quickly. Michael would have
  come over to her, rubbing his hands all over her body, fondling her young flesh
  until he made her cum. Her body shuddered as a powerful orgasm overcame her.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone Lady Dreamer(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





