BDSM Library - Diary of Carolyn




Diary of Carolyn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a compilation of author's personal diary from the age of thirteen to about age nineteen. It is a fairly detailed description of her experiences in self imposed bondage and personal pain infliction.Diary of Carolyn 1-15  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction.  
STANDARD DISCLAIMER  
 This story was written by ME. It contains words and phrases of a sexual
  nature. I personally do not care who or what reads it or what age they are
  as long as it brings them any measure of enjoyment. However to satisfy the
  paranoid among us this disclaimer forewarns them of the possible decline in
  their perceived level of morality by continuing past this point.  
 &gt; . &lt;  
Chapter 1  
 My name is Carolyn James. I am presently twenty-four years of age. What
  follows is a compilation of my personal diary from the age of thirteen to about
  age nine-teen. It is a fairly detailed description of my experiences in self
  imposed bondage and personal pain infliction. I am certain there are others
  who participate in this type of sexual deviance (deviance meaning only different)
  therefore I sincerely hope they enjoy this personal account of my pains and
  pleasures. For those who think me to be crazy, evil, or just plain out of my
  mind, be careful to keep concealed whatever secret fantasies you have (we all
  have them) otherwise you might really screw up and cause yourself some real
  pleasure.  
 I was born in the town of Hammond in the mid western state of Indiana. My
  parents were average middle class rural American people with enough income
  to live a very comfortable life. I was also an only child due to complications
  at my birth leaving my mother unable to conceive any more children. Although
  it would have been nice to grow up with another brother or sister, being an
  only child did have it's advantages. Actually, when I think back over my childhood,
  my mother was most affected by her unfortunate sterility. I didn't see it when
  I was young but she had few friends and spent much of her time either reading
  or doing house work or fiddling with this or that to occupy her time. Although
  she in no way abused or mistreated me, I've always felt she somehow blamed
  me for her inability to conceive another child.  
 My father worked as a farm implement salesman. This, however, kept him away
  from home much of the time due to the great distances he had to travel servicing
  the various farms in Indiana and Illinois. He was almost always home on the
  weekends but in general would only pop in one night during the week and that
  would be only to catch a few hours of much needed sleep. Of course, not knowing
  how my mother was before I was born, and however introverted she had become,
  my father was just the opposite. He always seemed full of energy and it is
  difficult for me to recall a time when he wasn't smiling or laughing or telling
  stupid salesman and the farmer's daughter jokes. It is only recently I've come
  to realize how much I missed him as a child.  
 I had always been skinny as a child. Not what you would call undernourished,
  but until I was about fourteen I guess I did resemble a proverbial fence post.
  Actually it was during my thirteenth year that I started to develop in many
  ways. My breasts began to emerge along with the first signs of pubic hair at
  the top of my vaginal slit. I gained a little weight, that is, at least by
  the time I was fourteen my elbows and knees no longer looked larger than the
  limbs they were joined to. I also began my monthly period which scared the
  hell out of me as no one had thought to inform me about this little part of
  puberty. Well, as I'm sure you realize, I survived this momentous event, and
  after a few frantic moments of believing I would surely bleed to death, my
  mother managed to explain the facts to me. I learned very little about the
  facts of life from my mother. She never was good at talking about anything
  sexual, consequently, most all my sexual education I had to gain for myself.  
 Having to learn about your own sexuality by yourself isn't all bad. Although
  perhaps somewhat frustrating, having no particular guidance or encouragement,
  I was able to experiment in many ways not open to most pubescent teens. Also,
  by not having the normal puritanical fears instilled in my brain, if it felt
  good to me, I could do it without all of those false guilt getting in the way
  of my sexual fulfillment. Consequently, after some initial blind experimentation,
  I was able to achieve some of the most fantastic orgasms possible with solo
  sexual stimulus.  
 I spent most of my fourteenth year satisfying myself with normal masturbation
  using only different positions to break the monotony. I dated a few boys that
  I went to school with and even had intercourse several times. But the boys
  were so damn awkward that I would have to masturbate when they were finished
  to get myself off. This practice, unfortunately, did little to support their
  fragile egos and I found it increasingly difficult to find dates.  
 By the time I was fifteen my puberty was mostly a memory. My breasts had
  developed to a somewhat small but very firm size with two perfect eraser type
  nipples surrounded by quarter sized aureole. I still had rather small boyish
  hips but with my long legs and slender frame I felt that I looked OK anyway.
  Besides, what had started as a little tuft of pubic hair, had since blossomed
  into a perfect triangle of carpet thick hair that protruded a good three inches
  out from my flat abdomen and completely covered my vagina. Anyone doubting
  my maturity would think otherwise if they ever saw me bottomless.  
 Finding pain to be a sexual aphrodisiac happened quite accidentally. With
  my father away on business for most of the time, and my mother normally engrossed
  in her own interests, I could lock the door to my room and do whatever pleased
  me without fear of being disturbed. I'm not exactly sure why, but one evening
  I had masturbated for nearly half an hour and could not reach a climax. I became
  frustrated with myself and actually a bit angry. As I continued rubbing my
  clitoris, and out of frustration, I pinched my nipple as hard as I could sending
  a great amount of pain through my breast. To my amazement I immediately began
  to climax.  
 My climax lasted much longer than usual and was considerably more intense.
  When it was over I actually lay back panting from the experience. After a few
  moments I started to play with my nipples again. Still feeling the effects
  of my previous orgasm, my nipples became hard and erect almost immediately.
  As I lay upon my bed working my nipples between my fingers, I found that if
  I alternately squeezed them to the point of pain, my vagina would tingle and
  I would feel another orgasm building from the nipple stimulation alone. I achieved
  orgasm three more times that night before falling asleep exhausted from this
  most pleasing ordeal.  
 As it happened, the next day was a school holiday. I awoke around sunrise
  mostly from habit but also from an incredible wet dream I was having. I cannot
  count the number of times I have climaxed from my first until last night but
  I can tell you that none were as fantastic as my last four. As I climbed out
  of bed, my arm brushed across my nipples causing me to jump. I figured I must
  have really gotten carried away during my orgasms judging by the tenderness
  of my nipples. Anyway, I made my way to the bathroom, took a long hot shower,
  slipped on my bathrobe and went downstairs for breakfast.  
 As usual, my mother was still asleep. She rarely got up before noon except
  for when my dad was home. Actually, it suited me fine as my mother and I had
  little in common anyway. I noticed that I was becoming a little excited as
  my robe brushed over my tender nipples as I went about fixing breakfast. I
  ate my breakfast quickly. I wanted to get back to my room and see if I could
  manage a repeat performance of last night. It's always fun to experiment with
  any new found turn on.  
 Once back in my room, I locked the door and removed my bathrobe. I then
  stood in front of my full length mirror and studied my maturing fifteen year
  old body. I turned sideways and back carefully inspecting every part of myself
  I could get into view. I had pretty much already decided I wasn't a raving
  beauty but all in all I was no dog either. I stood only about five foot four
  but my one hundred five pounds was well distributed and I did have long legs.
  I ran my hands slowly around by breasts and sucked in my already flat stomach
  as I rested my hands on my hips. All in all, I was satisfied with the way I
  looked.  
 While still looking at myself in the mirror, I started to run my fingers
  through my pubic hair. I liked the fact that it was so soft and thick as I
  rubbed back and forth touching my clit every now and then. I thought to myself
  as I rubbed, I may not have the biggest tits of the other girls my age at school,
  but having seen all of them naked in the locker room at one time or another,
  I definitely had the prettiest crotch. My hair grew in a perfect triangle.
  It didn't straggle above the hair line or down my thighs. It just started thick
  and grew the same all the way to my ass hole. To this day I could never understand
  why a woman would shave or trim their pubic region to look like a little girl
  considering that when we were little girls how we prayed for the hair to grow
  so we would look like women.  
 I had passed my sixteenth birthday before I had done much other than pinching
  my own nipples. This was partly due to having found a boy friend who was able
  to actually pay attention to my needs before completely filling his. We had
  a wonderful time together, and I believe we were in love. At least as much
  in love as any two people our age could be. I know without any doubt it broke
  my heart when his father changed jobs and he had to move away. I think that
  feeling of complete and utter despair, having lost someone I loved, gave me
  my first insight into how my mother must have felt over the years. However,
  after a couple of weeks of moping around and feeling depressed, the beautiful
  summer weather overtook my sadness and I returned to being normal. As long
  as you consider alone normal. You do, don't you? Don't bother to answer, I'm
  sure you do.  
 My father may have worked selling farm equipment, but the only things a
  farm and our house had in common were that it was two miles to our nearest
  neighbor and we had about ten acres of thick woods behind us. Don't misunderstand
  me, there were no packs of wild animals roving around or anything. It may have
  been rural but it wasn't the sticks. No hillbillies either. I'm sure if it
  had been my desire, and if I could have figured a way, I could have lured the
  entire town here one by one, then killed and buried them without a trace. I
  must put that thought out of my mind. In case I hadn't mentioned, I still live
  here.  
 During my sixteenth year while on summer vacation from high school is when
  I progressed to some pretty bizarre shit. At least it was in my view at the
  time. I acquired a great fascination for the local hardware store that summer.
  I still wonder today if the store clerk ever had a clue what a sixteen year
  old girl was doing with all those clips, little chains, lead plum bobs, and
  other assorted items she purchased from him.  
 I would try to be up just after sunrise in the morning on days when I was
  going to go on one of my escapades. I would gather whatever gadgets I intended
  to use that day and put them in a small duffel bag. I would usually put on
  only a sweat shirt and shorts as once I was out of sight in the woods, I would
  spend the rest of the day naked. Once I was just past the woods edge, I would
  remove whatever clothes I had on and leave them under some leaves by this old
  tree. I left my clothes there for a reason. Somehow it added to the level of
  excitement, being totally naked in the woods and not having any choice in the
  matter unless I could get back to my clothes. As I normally went a couple of
  miles deeper into the woods, you can see the problem if I accidentally ran
  into other people who may also be poking around the woods.  
 The following account is of one particular autumn day just before I was
  to start my junior year of high school. If there ever was a day when Murphy's
  Law ruled, this was it. Although if it could possibly fuck up, it would fuck
  up, but it was also the most wonderful, the most scary, and the most sexually
  satisfying day of that entire summer. I am going to do my best to describe
  the whole days experience in as much detail as possible.  
 It was around six thirty in the morning when I arrived at the tree where
  I deposited my clothing to be retrieved at the end of the day when I returned.
  I covered my small bundle with leaves the same as I had done every other time.
  The first thing I began to feel after donning my birthday suit, was cold. Summer
  nights in Indiana seldom drop below sixty degrees but a cold front must have
  passed through during the night. I don't know exactly what the temperature
  was, but it was cold enough to bring millions of tiny goose bumps to my bare
  skin and set my teeth to chattering constantly. Oh well, the sun was already
  above the horizon, it would start to warm up in an hour or so, I figured I
  could take it that long anyway.  
 I had planned this day to begin by putting two metal adjustable serrated
  clamps on each nipple. This I did before beginning my trek deeper into the
  woods. I tightened each clamp until the pain was close to my limit of endurance.
  I knew from experience the pain would subside after a while and I would need
  to keep tightening them at intervals to maintain the level of pain I desired.
  I then proceeded to walk on deeper into the woods listening carefully for the
  sounds of any others who might also be in the woods. I did not want to be surprised
  by some lost camping family and have to explain what I was doing completely
  nude with metal clamps hanging from my nipples. I mean, they may not understand.  
 I had walked for about an hour when I stopped by this big rock I had been
  to several times before. It wasn't until I stopped that I realized it wasn't
  warming up very much. While I had been walking, the pain in my nipples compounded
  by the bouncing of the heavy clamps, had kept my mind off the temperature.
  I re tightened my nipple clamps a little and quickly the level of pain shot
  back up to where I drew a sharp breath. Although I was shivering enough that
  if I tried to speak the words came out in a staccato that would have been hard
  to understand, between that and the pain racing through my tits, I could feel
  an orgasm building rapidly. This I did not want. I knew from experience that
  one huge climax was better than a bunch of little ones and I had vowed I was
  going to push myself to my limit of endurance and fully expected to have an
  orgasm that would melt me down into a smoldering mass, if that were possible.  
 I was beginning to wish I had brought my clothes along this time. Who would
  have figured on a cold snap in the first week of September anyway? And to top
  it all off, the sky had clouded over and I could barely see the sun. I thought
  about calling off my plans, but this would be the last weekday I would be out
  of school for a long time. My father was home on weekends and if I waited until
  my next weekday opportunity, it would sure as hell be colder than this. Having
  thought it all over, and since I had come this far anyway, and in spite of
  all my discomfort, I really was having a good time.  
 I was about another hours walk to the old pump house where I had planned
  to end the second leg of my ordeal. Deciding it was time to up the stakes,
  so to speak, I chose to add weights to my nipple clamps. I withdrew two sixteen
  ounce lead plum bobs from my duffel and attached two twelve inch pieces of
  shoe lace, one to each one pound weight. I then tied the free ends to my clamps.  
 With everything ready, I spent a few moments mentally preparing myself for
  the sharp increase in pain I knew two pounds of weight hanging from my tender
  nipples would undoubtedly cause. The first time I let go of the weights I had
  to grab them again after about thirty seconds as the pain was more than I could
  handle. I almost grabbed them on my second attempt, but absolutely forced myself
  to leave them hanging as I gathered up the duffel bag. Believe me, at this
  point I was in sheer agony. As I started walking, I found it impossible to
  prevent the weights from swinging and banging into each other as I walked along.
  It was sort of weird though. I was so cold I was covered with goose bumps but
  at the same time I could feel beads of sweat forming on my forehead.  
 I wasn't making very good progress. Every time the weights would hit each
  other it would send daggers of pain all throughout my chest. And each time
  I would have to stop for a few seconds while the pain eased up enough for me
  to be able to stand it the next time the weights banged each other. And that
  was about every fourth step. Another problem that I was having was I could
  feel the clamps slowly slipping from my nipples. The thought of having to tighten
  them more brought a feeling of fear to the pit of my stomach.  
 Fear or no fear, I knew what I had to do. This entire ordeal, between the
  pain, the cold, and my uncertainty if I could stand it all, had me so unbelievably
  horny I wasn't about to quit now. I gritted my chattering teeth and tightened
  each clamp until I actually cried out from the agony that engulfed me. The
  pain was so intense I nearly lost control of my bladder. I reached down to
  cover my pee hole when I felt my urine start to drip but the feeling that shot
  through my vagina from just the touch of my finger drove me to brink of orgasm.
  Tears were running down my cheeks as I started walking but the thought of the
  mega orgasm I knew I would have if only I could make it to the pump house kept
  me going.  
 The cloud cover started to burn off shortly after I started walking again
  and the sun, now fairly high in the sky, began to quickly take the chill from
  the air. By now it was probably about ten o'clock and for the first time in
  three and a half hours I had stopped shivering. The warm autumn sun felt good
  on my naked skin. I still wasn't making very good time although the pain in
  my nipples and breasts had become slightly more tolerable. Even though I had
  only gone about one fourth of the way to the pump house, I needed to stop and
  rest. The combination of the intense pain and the extra exertion required to
  walk while trying to control the motion of the swinging weights was taking
  its toll.  
 I carefully eased myself down next to an old log and then lay back letting
  the two lead weights fall to the ground on either side taking the strain off
  my throbbing tits. The air had really warmed up a lot. In fact, it was starting
  to actually get hot. Most of the pain had subsided and it felt really good
  laying in the warm sun. I considered removing the clamps from my nipples but
  from experience I knew after the circulation had returned, they would be far
  to sore for me to put them back on. So I just closed my eyes and ran my fingers
  through my bush teasing myself with thoughts of things to come.  
 I must have been more exhausted than I realized. The mid afternoon sun bathed
  my body with it's hot rays filtering down through the leaves as I awoke. A
  little groggy from my nap I felt panicked thinking I had slept away the whole
  day. After a couple of minutes I regained my bearings and by the position of
  the sun I knew it was only about two in the afternoon. I had napped longer
  than I had wanted to, but I figured I could still make the pump house and still
  get home by dark.  
 Having rested, my excitement again began to build. As I got myself to my
  feet, and the weights brought the fire like pain back to my breasts, I began
  to fantasize that I was prisoner being forced to make this trek through the
  woods. I imagined that when I had refused to give my imaginary captors the
  information they wanted, I had been stripped naked and marched through the
  woods with my nipples under torture. As I walked along becoming more absorbed
  in my fantasy, I imagined since I had come this far without breaking, that
  my captors must intend to increase my torture by now. My tits hurt like hell,
  but I was getting so excited by my little fantasy, I started to think of ways
  to make my pain worse.  
 I had two more sixteen ounce weights in my duffel along with some more clips
  and shoe lace. I didn't think by the looks of my nipples that they could stand
  any more weights attached without causing some permanent damage, so, I began
  to consider some other possibilities. With my limited inventory of devices,
  I imagined my captors had decided to torture my pussy for the rest of the way.
  I stopped and dug the weights and laces out of my bag and attached the clamps
  to my pussy lips just below my clitoris as I squatted on the forest floor.
  I tightened the clamps until my eyes started to water from the pain, then,
  thinking my imaginary captors wouldn't be so kind, I gave each one another
  half turn more.  
 If I had so much as touched my clit I would have orgasmed uncontrollably.
  My bladder was also full and thought about relieving myself while I was squatted
  down but going back to my fantasy, my captors wouldn't allow me to piss, they're
  trying to make me talk, they want me to suffer as much as possible knowing
  if they don't get me to talk before we reach the pump house, they will have
  failed. Slowly I stood up. Totally engrossed in my fantasy, I told myself I
  wouldn't satisfy my captors by crying out, but when my labia lifted two pounds
  of lead from the ground, I could not keep the scream that followed from echoing
  through the woods fantasy or not. Every exhale of breath brought at least a
  loud moan from my lips as forced myself on through the woods with four pounds
  of lead weights swinging to and fro supported only by some of the most tender
  and sensitive parts of my body. The morning cold had turned into a typical
  ninety degree autumn Indiana day.  
 My body glistened in the afternoon sun from the sweat coming from every
  pore. My mind moved from fantasy to reality and back as I endured the mind
  numbing pain. Just as I thought I couldn't possibly stand it any longer, the
  old pump house came into view. I mustered every ounce of determination I had.
  I screamed with every heaving breath as I went the final steps. Ha ha, I made
  it.  
 I sunk to my knees next to the pump house, breathing heavily as the perspiration
  dripped from every part of me. Supporting myself against the wall with my left
  hand, I eased my other down through my sweat matted pubic hair and flicked
  my clitoris only once when the first wave of orgasm exploded through me. I
  buried my middle finger deep into my vagina while rubbing my swollen clit with
  my thumb bringing on a second and more powerful orgasm that nearly caused me
  to pass out. No longer able to control my bladder, the warm piss sprayed onto
  my hand as I continued jerking myself off. I can't begin to tell you how many
  times I climaxed, but when it was finally over, my body was nothing but a sweat
  soaked, shuddering mass of exhausted flesh curled up on the forest floor. It
  was at least half an hour before I regained enough strength to remove my clamps
  and weights.  
 I went inside and pumped some cool water from the old well. Placing myself
  under the pump spout I let the cool water run all over me. The cool water felt
  so good. My legs were still shaking from the post orgasmic state I was in.
  I just stood there, massaging my sore nipples and pussy with the cool water
  until I realized how much time had passed. I took one last drink of water and
  went back outside. The sun was now low in the western sky. Feeling a bit of
  panic knowing I had spent way to much time here I gathered my little devices
  into my duffel. I checked around to make sure nothing was forgotten, and started
  back the way I came.  
 The sun was setting rapidly and I cursed myself for wasting so much of the
  day asleep. I was also upset that I hadn't been more prepared, I mean, I didn't
  even bring a flashlight, and at this time of year when the sum went down it
  got very dark very quickly. It also got very cold. I wasn't unfamiliar with
  the woods as I had made this trip before. It's just that I had never done it
  at night. Maybe if I was lucky there would be a full moon.  
 It didn't seem I had traveled very far before the nights darkness had engulfed
  the forest. Although there was still a faint glow to the sky, it was almost
  completely dark where I was and becoming hard to see much of anything. It was
  also becoming quite cold and I started to shiver as I poked my way along trying
  not to stumble over objects in my path. As I moved along trying to put my mind
  on something other than the cold seeping into my nude body, another foreboding
  thought occurred to me. I was pretty certain I could find my way home or at
  least in the general area, but what if I couldn't find the tree where I had
  left my clothes? I was sure that my father would already be home before me
  and, being Friday night, he would have four or five of his buddies with him
  to play cards. I knew they always played out on the back porch so there was
  no way I could sneak into the house unnoticed.  
 My mind jumped back to reality as a sharp twig waiting unseen in the darkness
  snapped across my bruised nipples bringing a quick yelp to my lips. Damn, I
  said to myself as I stopped and cupped my hands over my stinging tits in a
  vain attempt to comfort them. I couldn't remember my nipples ever being this
  tender before. But, I thought, I couldn't remember ever experiencing the volcanic
  like orgasms I had happily enjoyed today. I guess the more the play, the more
  the pay.  
 The moon came up early but was not anywhere near the full moon I had hoped
  for. However the faint slivers of light that did filter down provided enough
  illumination to keep me from running into trees head on. The temperature had
  really took a dive after sunset and I was really starting to feel it. To make
  things worse, an intermittent breeze had come up and when it blew over my naked
  skin it took my breath away. At least my sense of direction was good this far
  as I caught sight of the big rock that marked the half way point.  
 I crouched down on the leeward side of the rock and blew into my hands trying
  desperately to fight off the cold. The wind was more steady now from the north
  east and it stung my nude body something awful. I'm not sure just how long
  I stayed at the rock but I finally forced myself to get started on the last
  leg home. I gave myself credit for at least being smart enough to have worn
  my sneakers considering I had entertained the thought of going barefoot this
  morning. My hands got so cold I had to stick them down into my bush and try
  to warm them about every five minutes or so as I tramped along through the
  dry leaves making weird crunching sounds with each footstep. I don't think
  there was ever a time, before or since, that I have been so completely cold
  as I was that night. I was really beginning to wonder if all this would end
  with my frozen lifeless body being discovered in the morning laying naked on
  the forest floor.  
 My thoughts of impending doom vanished as I stopped dead in my tracks. Looking
  around, I suddenly realized I was no longer in the woods. I was standing in
  an open field with the edge of the woods about one hundred yards behind me.
  Although I was totally alone, I had this weird feeling of self consciousness
  as I sneaked back to the cover of the woods. I tried to squat down and get
  my bearings but I was shivering so badly I lost balance and fell on my side.
  I again cursed myself for getting in to this predicament as I got back up brushing
  leaves and twigs away that had stuck to me when I fell over. I knew I would
  have to venture out into the open field far enough to know exactly where I
  had exited the woods if I had any hope of finding my clothes. Even though I
  realized the possibility of anyone being within a mile of me was slim to none,
  I gingerly crept through the open field thinking how the tongues would wag
  when telling about the local teenage girl found stark naked hiding in a field.  
 As I crept to the top of a small knoll I almost shouted with joy seeing
  my house only a few hundred yards in front of me. Even though I could see my
  father and his buddies right where I knew they would be playing cards, it took
  every bit of will I had to keep from bolting buck naked past them and into
  that nice warm house. Now that I knew where I was, and cold to the point of
  actual pain, I ran back towards the point in the edge of the woods where I
  left my clothes that morning. Fortunately my memory was accurate and I located
  my sweat shirt and shorts easily. Putting them on was a bit more difficult.
  All that running through the dew covered grass had gotten me wet and with the
  cold breeze my body shivered and jerked as I fought to get my limbs into the
  right holes. After a few tries, I succeeded with my task and took off on a
  dead run for home. As I reached the back door, I concentrated on trying to
  stop shivering and act normal as I stepped onto the porch. What happened next
  really pissed me off. My dad and all his friends greeted me without ever looking
  up. I may as well have been naked! Later I actually considered stripping and
  going out to see if they would notice. I thought not.  
 I believe I will finish this tale at a later date. I still have several
  more experiences I would like to write about. Although this portion of my diary
  you have just read contains some really wonderful memories, I remember at least
  a couple more that made these pale in comparison. To be honest, writing what
  I have so far, has gotten me so horny I really must take a break. I will, however,
  continue my story at my first opportunity.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Two  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction.  
 It took several days for me to completely recover from my last little escapade.
  I was sure, well, pretty sure none of my classmates noticed my slightly bow
  legged walk or my lack of a brassier the first few days of school that fall.
  At least no one mentioned it. I was also relieved to learn due to some scheduling
  problems, I wasn't assigned any gym classes for the first two weeks. My bruised
  labia might have gone unnoticed due to my ample bush but I could in no way
  hide my severely discolored and bruised nipples. At my young age, I was still
  amazed how so much pain could result in so much pleasure. I mean, even the
  discomfort I was feeling now excited me.  
 As the school days turned into school weeks, and the fall to winter, the
  first snowfall brought welcomed relief from my monotonous schedule. Hardly
  a day had passed since my end summer experience at the old pump house that
  I didn't think of that most fantastic orgasm and wishing for more. I had imagined
  myself many times since in similar situations but with school and all, could
  not make an opportunity to do so. In addition, I knew a large part of my excitement
  was being naked and vulnerable out of doors but the sub freezing winter temperatures
  virtually made that an impossibility. I did however make an attempt during
  Christmas vacation, but, as I will explain, the results were less than I had
  hoped for.  
 My opportunity presented itself two days before Christmas. Both of my parents
  left to spend the day dropping off gifts and visiting several friends in the
  area. They indicated they would be home very late and didn't seem to mind when
  I declined to go along. I quickly began to formulate a plan. Although it was
  a bright sunny day, the temperature was only supposed to reach about twenty
  degrees. I probably wouldn't have even attempted this but my last trip to the
  pump house had spoiled me and I was desperate for another wildly fantastic
  orgasm. I could usually bring myself to a climax by various indoor means, but
  without that added excitement and vulnerability of being nude in the wide open
  spaces, there was just nothing super special about it.  
 The winter so far had been cold but with less than normal snowfall. Considering
  the snow cover was only about six or eight inches deep I put on a pair of fur
  lined boots that ended two or three inches below my knees. I then tried to
  decide what clothes I should start out with. However, with my excitement building
  with anticipation of the ordeal, I opted to wear only my three quarter length
  parka. Just the thought of being completely naked under the parka started me
  tingling. Oh, I should mention on one of my trips to the local hardware supply,
  I found some self locking clamps that tightened themselves in relation to the
  amount of pulling tension applied to them. I don't know if you have ever had
  a clamp slip off your nipple when you weren't expecting it, but it brings on
  an instant reality check. I could load these little babies down until my screams
  echoed from the walls and they would stay attached. Excuse me, I got myself
  a little excited. I'll get back to the story now.  
 Having gathered my things together, I proceeded to walk across the field
  to the edge of the woods. The cold air stung my legs in the uncovered gap between
  where my coat ended and the boots began. There wasn't much for cover in the
  woods this time of year, so I had to walk in a hundred yards or so before I
  was comfortable that I couldn't be seen. I may have been crazy, but I never
  was much of an exhibitionist. Even though I was tingling with anticipation,
  it took a few minutes to get courage enough to shed my coat and expose my nudity
  to the winter air. Being determined to continue, I took one last look around
  to be sure I was alone, then let my coat fall to the ground.  
 To my surprise, it wasn't nearly as bad as I had imagined. Fortunately it
  was a still day with only a barely perceptible occasional breeze. My plan this
  day was only to go as far as the big rock. Having lived in this climate for
  only a month short of seventeen years, I knew I could not last for more than
  two hours maximum at this temperature and it was an hour each way to the rock.
  I had been waiting for months to do this and my excited mind moved quickly
  into fantasy land.  
 It's strange how the mind often tailors it's fantasy to the situation you're
  in. Although I was an only child, I began to fantasize I was being punished
  by my two older sisters for some minor indiscretion that displeased them. I
  imagined them vowing I would never forget the pain and suffering they were
  about to inflict on me. Knowing that my time was limited I had already attached
  my new clamps to my sixteen ounce weights and had brought along four additional
  one pounders for good measure. For some reason, my threshold for pain had increased
  and I wanted to assure myself of a gigantic orgasm. Squatting down resting
  the first two weights in the snow, I attached a clamp to each nipple, imagining
  my siblings were forcing me to install my own implements of torture. I then
  did the same on each side of my clitoris being sure to get a good grip on the
  sensitive flesh. I couldn't resist running my cold finger up and down my moist
  slit. I had to force myself to stop. I was so close to climax I didn't dare
  move for fear it would send me over the top and I hadn't waited this long for
  it to end in the first fifteen minutes.  
 As soon as I was back under control, I drifted back to my fantasy imagining
  my taunting punishers, all warmly clothed, pleased with themselves watching
  this poor naked teenager struggle in the biting cold trying to lift four pounds
  of lead with her most sensitive flesh. I then rose to my feet as the clamps
  bit deeply pulling hard as I started to walk. I was really cold but for some
  reason, not shivering. Maybe because of the low humidity. At any rate, I felt
  the need to increase my self torture. I stopped when I was near the half way
  point to the big rock. I was most definitely very cold and the swinging weights
  caused me considerable pain, so the uncertainty of my being able to go the
  next half hour with double the weight excited me even more. As I squatted down
  I thought how displeased my evil sisters must be that I have endured this well.
  They vow to make the next part of my lesson sheer agony.  
 I attached four more sixteen ounce weights to the four already in place.
  I really had no idea if I could even manage to endure getting this much weight
  off the ground, much less stand it for thirty minutes. I gathered all my strength
  and rose to my feet. It felt as if my flesh would tear from my bones. I some
  how kept from crying out, but the pain was so intense, I started to feel a
  little light headed for a few moments. Oh ,how pleased my sadistic sisters
  must be. They have to know how much I hurt. It took every ounce of determination
  I possessed to begin walking again. I could only feel the unrelenting pain
  burning it's way through my groin. I could not see my labia but it felt like
  it was stretched past my knees. But I knew that wasn't possible. Or was it?  
 I'm not sure if it was the cold, or just that I had been looking forward
  to the mind numbing orgasm I knew was soon to come for so long, but somehow
  I withstood the most intense and searing pain I had yet to subjected myself
  to. I had also been victorious over my imaginary evil minded sadistic sisters
  by never allowing myself to cry out from my agony. As I reached that big rock
  I dropped to all fours in the snow. As I rubbed my palm back and forth through
  my crotch letting one finger find it's way to my clit I could feel myself on
  the brink of ecstasy. It was at that point, seconds before I would have screamed
  in orgasmic pleasure, that I heard it. Voices.  
 They didn't sound very close but the fact I wasn't alone in the woods put
  me into a panic. I removed the clamps as quickly as I could and stuffed them
  into my duffel bag. The woods offered much less cover with the trees bare of
  leaves. Frantically I huddled by the cold rock looking and listening for any
  clue as to where my intruders were. With all traces of fantasy or fun now gone
  from my thoughts, the reality of how bone chilling cold it was began to sink
  in. My teeth began to chatter uncontrollably as I crouched in the icy snow
  listening for a sound. My panic increased as I began to think maybe they heard
  my chattering teeth and knew where I was. The noise from my teeth probably
  couldn't be heard more than two feet, but at the time they sounded like jack
  hammers to me.  
 After about another ten minutes I knew I would have to do something. I knew
  if just stayed where I was I would freeze to death or at least end up frostbitten.
  I hadn't heard any more voices so I carefully moved around the rock keeping
  a sharp eye out for anything that moved. Nothing. I began to wonder if I had
  just imagined hearing voices. One more trip around the rock. Nothing. Something
  felt funny in my crotch. One quick look and feel made my mind up for me. Voices
  or no voices, I had to get back to my jacket and home. Take my word, when your
  pubic hair is frozen together with cum juice, it's time to go.  
 I picked up my duffel bag, took one last look in every direction, then took
  off on a dead run towards home. The cold air made my lungs ache but I kept
  running anyway. When I finally reached my starting point, I grabbed my much
  welcomed parka, put it on and collapsed in heaving exhaustion. What had took
  me an hour to walk, I had run in less than fifteen minutes.  
 I'm not sure how long I lay there before I regained enough strength to go
  the rest of the way home but I was still half out of breath as I got to my
  house. I immediately drew a hot bath, then eased my tired freezing body into
  the tub. The warm water felt so good, I soon drifted into an exhausted slumber.  
 It was late in the afternoon when I finally awoke and dragged myself from
  my bath. After drying off I flopped naked on my bed and tried to make some
  sense of what had happened to me. I was still unsure if the voices I heard
  were real or imaginary, and if they weren't real, I fucked myself out an orgasm
  I'd waited months for. This, however was something I'd never know. End result?
  Fucked up.  
 The rest of that winter was pretty much uneventful with the possible exception
  of my seventeenth birthday. I did get laid by a very good looking senior football
  player. The guy was super popular and had just about every girl in school hot
  after him. I was actually surprised at the time to get a date with him. Don't
  think I'm putting myself down or anything, I mean, I'm no Cheryl Tiegs then
  or now, but I figure I'm at least a good strong eight in the looks department
  and if you're into slim hard bodied girls with small tits and long hard nipples(I
  wonder what caused that?) and a nice thick bush to bury your face in, I'm definitely
  a ten.  
 I won't go into great detail about this date as there was only this one
  with the football jock. Please understand, I had a great time and if you're
  fond of five minute fucks, and then hearing all the blow by blow details of
  your sexual experience being discussed by people you don't even know, his name
  was Steve Greene.  
 Once again I must attend to other matters. I will continue to recount some
  of my more memorable experiences as soon as possible.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Three  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 What follows are the details of a few of the most remarkable experiences
  that come to mind during my summer vacation preceding my senior year of high
  school. My thrill of outdoor nudity and the always present danger of being
  seen had certainly not diminished even after my Christmas disaster. I'm still
  not sure about those voices. I had pretty much resolved myself to personal
  means for my sexual gratification. Although I enjoyed going out with guys and
  I did enjoy intercourse, somehow I always ended up less than satisfied. I had
  entertained the thought of perhaps finding someone who might share the same
  sexual deviance as myself but in this hick town if you told a guy you enjoyed
  pain, he'd hit you with a beer bottle and then wonder why you weren't happy
  about it. I am quite certain there are people around here doing things a lot
  more weird than me for sexual satisfaction, but no one would ever admit it.
  If only sheep could talk.  
 I saw very little of my mother that summer. My grandmother had become ill
  to the point where she needed constant help with everything so my mother stayed
  with her during the week. She would be home on whatever weekends she could
  find somebody to take her place. No matter really, I had lost the need of a
  mother long ago. When it came to my father, I may not have been able to tell
  him my innermost secrets, but I knew without any doubt if I ever really needed
  him, he'd swim an ocean or walk through a wall to keep me from harm. At any
  rate, the summer offered me many opportunities to experience anything I dreamed
  up.  
 To this point I had yet to duplicate the earth shattering orgasm of almost
  a year ago. The memory of my Christmas fiasco still angered me and the more
  I try to tell myself there really was someone who almost happened upon me,
  the more I think it was only my imagination that screwed me up. No matter,
  I had a new plan anyway. Besides, if it hadn't been so stinking cold, everything
  would have worked out anyway and it's not cold now. I fell asleep as I went
  over the various trials and tortures I would inflict upon myself tomorrow.  
 I awoke early. The sun was barely peeping over the eastern horizon as I
  shook the sleep from my eyes. Since I was the only one in the house most of
  the time, I now stayed nude as much as possible. It's hard to realize until
  you do it for awhile, but being naked is easy to get used to and I've actually
  gone outside without thinking and then had to dash back in the house for fear
  of being seen. I've always wondered why I was so damn modest. I mean, I'd seen
  lots of other girls naked and with the possible exception of my small breasts,
  I had as killer a body as any of them. I stood in front of my wall mirror checking
  myself out as I thought about this. I studied my breasts and to me they looked
  all right. I was by no means flat chested and besides, having played around
  with all my plum bobs and other fun toys, I couldn't imagine having two humongous
  blobs of tit flesh hanging from my chest all the time. Actually for as slim
  as I was, they were about the right size. Well, maybe just a bit bigger.  
 I continued to view myself in the mirror thinking how lucky I really was.
  I must have had good genes to stay this slim with no more attention then I
  pay to diet or working out. One thing that disappointed me was at seventeen
  and only five foot six I was about as tall as I would get. My abdomen didn't
  have any rippling muscles like those women in the exercise videos on TV, but
  I was flat stomached and I had a small but tight butt. I ran my fingers through
  my pubic hair as I continued to look myself over. Having grown up with mostly
  the same schoolmates I had seen every one of them naked in the showers following
  gym class and there is only three other girls with a pubic triangle as good
  as mine. I've actually been complemented on it by a few of my classmates while
  either showering or drying off in the locker room. It's embarrassing to me
  having another girl tell me how pretty my bush is but inside I always felt
  good. I remember once we all took a secret poll. All the girls in my class
  had to tell that if they absolutely had to show up at school either topless
  or bottomless, which would it be? Out of nearly one hundred of us, only five
  chose to be naked from the waist down. I was among the five but if it would
  have been real I'm sure I would have chickened out.  
 I went down to the kitchen to fix myself some breakfast before starting
  my planned activities. One should always be nude when cooking bacon. Trying
  to outwit the bacon can be loads of fun as you never seem to be able to tell
  when those nasty little spatters of hot grease are going to attack you. It's
  absolutely amazing all the simple things there are to have fun with. Finishing
  my breakfast, I went to my room to collect my toys of the day.  
 Although I had decided what I was going to do to myself the night before,
  for some reason I wasn't totally happy with the plan. I sat on the edge of
  my bed thinking how I should change it. I knew my dad wouldn't be home until
  the next night and my mother not before the weekend, so I had no real time
  limit. My excitement was building as I considered things I could do to make
  this a twenty four hour ordeal. I had never even thought about being naked
  and helpless outside for that length of time before. Hell, the weather would
  be no problem. This time of year was hot during the day but it wouldn't get
  cold enough at night to be much more than uncomfortable. I also began to think
  if I did it right, I could get myself off big time, perhaps several times.
  I knew if I caused myself too much pain I couldn't last the full twenty four
  hours. As much as pushing myself to my limit of pain benefited my orgasm, I
  knew from experience if I tortured my pussy and nipples it would end too soon.
  My nipples and labia become so tender after a session, it's at least a couple
  of days before I can torture them again. I have tried to put myself through
  it twice in one day but the agony is more than I can begin to endure.  
 I decided on something that would tax my physical strength to the limit
  of endurance rather than of sheer pain. I put on an old summer dress to get
  me from the house to the woods and then went about getting what I would be
  needing. I took along two sandwiches and a quart of water. If I needed more
  water there were many places in the woods to get it. Indiana does not lack
  for ground water. I made sure nothing was forgotten and excitedly started out.  
 Once outside, I realized I'd picked a day that was going to be really hot.
  It was typical summer high humidity and at only eight in the morning the sun
  felt hot as I made my way across the open field. Once inside the cover of the
  woods, I looked back just to be sure I was alone before removing my dress.
  I pulled my dress over my head and carefully hid it under some leaves next
  to my usual tree. It was at that point the reality of the situation hit me.
  The fear and apprehension that came from knowing for the next twenty four long
  hours I was going to be completely nude, except for my tennies, with absolutely
  nothing to put on no matter what I might encounter, had me absolutely vibrating
  with excitement. The fact was I vibrated myself into having to shit and ....
  I knew there was something I forgot. No matter, leaves can't be any worse than
  that John-Wayne-don't-take-shit-off-nobody cheap-assed toilet paper my mother
  buys.  
 Having finished my necessities, I began to implement my plan. I also made
  a mental note to send some leaves to the toilet paper company. If they could
  take the hint, it might improve their product. As I mentioned earlier, my plan
  was to tax my physical endurance more than my pain limit so I had brought along
  a small wooden bucket with two small wire handles on each side. I had in my
  duffel bag eight plum bobs, some clamps of no consequential weight, shoe lace,
  sandwiches which I would eventually eat, and my quart of water. My plan was
  to attach two of my self adjusting get tighter than shit when you pull hard
  and hurt like hell clamps on my nipples and had resolved to leave them on through
  my entire ordeal. I would then put my duffel bag in the bucket. I figured the
  entire arrangement would weigh about twelve or thirteen pounds. I would then
  attach shoe laces between my nipple clamps and the bucket handles just long
  enough so I would have to carry the bucket at waist level to keep the strain
  off my nipples. I vowed to myself the clamps were staying attached for the
  full twenty four hours, and that whenever I picked the bucket up I could not
  put it down in anything less than thirty minutes. This rule would apply whenever
  I picked the bucket up, no matter the reason. Incidentally, this time I wore
  a watch.  
 It was eight thirty by the time I had everything hooked up the way I wanted
  so my ordeal wouldn't be over until the same time the following morning. Twelve
  pounds didn't seem like much as I grasped the bucket at the bottom and rose
  to my feet. I made the first half hour with no problem. The clamps made my
  nipples sting a little but unless I was to pull on them, they wouldn't ratchet
  themselves tighter. I might mention that the clamps only work one way. They
  ratchet tighter to compensate for the amount of tension they need to support
  but do not automatically release. My arms were starting to get tired but I
  was also becoming aroused. I intended to have as many orgasms as possible by
  tomorrow morning so I opted not to rest after my first thirty minute walk.
  I could tell by the feeling in my arms that I'd be begging to put the bucket
  down before another thirty minutes passed and if I had a third hand to touch
  myself with, that thought alone I think would have gotten me off.  
 I had things figured pretty close. By the time I had gone another fifteen
  minutes, the bucket was rapidly becoming more difficult to carry. My arms became
  a steady dull ache as I strained to keep the bucket at waist level. I wasn't
  exactly sure how far I could let the bucket drop before the clamps would start
  to tighten, but it couldn't be more than two or three inches at most. At any
  rate I didn't want to find out this early on. Another five minutes went by.
  The muscles in my arms were starting to bulge as I fought to keep the bucket
  level. The ache in my arms steadily increased along with the strain. Only five
  minutes to go. My biceps were now throbbing unmercifully as I shook the sweat
  from my brow trying desperately to maintain. I could feel my cum starting to
  drip from my crotch. One minute to go. I started to shake from the maximum
  effort it took to keep the bucket up. Feeling a sharp pain shoot first through
  my left nipple, then my right, I sunk to the ground in total exhaustion. My
  arms felt like lead as I fumbled to unhook the laces from the bucket. I started
  to cum as soon as I lay back on the ground beneath me. I didn't even have to
  touch myself as I lay there with my arms at my side through the first two waves
  of orgasm. What a feeling. To climax without having to finger myself was a
  new experience for me. I was so pleased with myself, I lay there savoring the
  experience for over an hour.  
 I was still feeling satisfied as I got up and brushed myself off. While
  I was brushing off the bits of debris from my naked form, I thought how great
  it felt to be nude. I began to think of how much fun I could have being nude
  all the time. There were a couple of small, secluded lakes in the area where
  some of the locals would swim or sunbathe nude. If only I wasn't so damn modest.
  I really needed to work on that problem. I really was proud of the way I looked
  in the nude so I was confused by my abject fear of being seen that way. I continued
  to think about this while I drank some water and ate half of a sandwich.  
 My prediction of a hot day had been right on. With the sun near the top
  of it's daily arc, and the humidity already high, even the thick canopy of
  leaves offered little relief from the stifling heat. It was about another hour
  to the old pump house so I drank most of the water I had knowing I could refill
  my jug there. I needed to plan my next orgasm so that I would be at the pump
  house where I would have access to water to clean myself up. Especially if
  I juiced myself up like I did here. If this first portion of my ordeal was
  any indication, I figured I would carry the bucket for thirty minutes, then
  rest for another thirty. That should make the last thirty minutes a real challenge.
  Just to keep everything the same, I threw a couple of rocks in my bag to compensate
  for the weight of the water I'd consumed. As I reattached myself to the bucket,
  I kept thinking how turned on this new type of torment was making me. I was
  still feeling the effects of my last orgasm and it wouldn't take much to bring
  on another.  
 Even at my currant age of twenty four, I don't fully understand why subjecting
  myself to intense pain and suffering results in such an unreal state of sexual
  arousal. Although I still give myself some fireworks and stars climaxes, recalling
  these memories as I write this tale remind me of how much more gratifying it
  seemed as a teenager. I really believe the added excitement of truly testing
  my limits with each new ordeal I tried made the difference. I never really
  knew if I could endure each new challenge until it was over.  
 I believe it's time to take another break as I seem to have taken to rambling
  on and on and on. I will however continue at my earliest opportunity as I had
  many wonderful pleasures, a few surprises, and found I could withstand much
  more than I thought possible before that day was over, and I do want to tell
  you all about it.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Four  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 I apologize for pausing my story in the middle of my adventure. Unfortunately
  circumstances were beyond my control. The Outer Limits came on the TV so I'm
  sure you understand. However, I will now pick up where I left off.  
 Before I continue, a bit of technobabble. If anyone is having a problem
  with the format of these text files I'm posting, post a reply and let me know
  what your problem is. I do all my writing with a Leading Edge word processor,
  vintage 1983. That is not a typo. This program came with my first 8086 PC that
  had a whopping ten megabyte hard drive. I couldn't imagine filling that monster
  up back then, but today I'm running a 1.5 gig that's half full. It blows my
  mind to think about it. At any rate, I can convert to .doc,.wri,zip,.txt, or
  even post the Leading Edge style &gt;DOC files. Anyone who has ever used one
  of these old LE word processors knows how versatile it is, and those who haven't,
  should give it a try. Wow! What a sales pitch. I'm sure the Leading Edge company
  would give me a great job with an office with a window and a big salary and
  a fine young sexratary who could be my slave and man oh man what a time I could
  have if only they hadn't gone bankrupt eight years ago. OK, enough technobabble.
  I will continue my story tomorrow.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Five  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 I was already in a state of arousal as I stood up careful to keep the bucket
  high enough to keep the strain off my nipples. My excitement began to build
  even more as the perspiration glistened on my young body. I'm certain the temperature
  wasn't over eighty five or ninety, but with the humid summer air, it felt much
  higher. As I diligently trudged along, the oven like atmosphere surrounded
  me like an invisible blanket. I began to fantasize myself a prisoner of war
  in some tropical South American country. How foolish I had been allowing myself
  to be captured by these primitive savages. I had heard about their simple but
  sadistic methods of torturing female prisoners, and now I was one being marched
  through the jungle, my naked, sweat covered young body exposed to all. I imagined
  hearing the soldiers betting among each other how long this girl could last.  
 Realizing I was nearing where I had planed to rest, I had to decide what
  I wanted to do. My decision was more difficult than it seems. For one, my fantasy
  had me extremely turned on, and I wanted to keep it going. Also, as I mentioned
  before, I wanted to be where the water was after I finished getting myself
  off. On the other hand, I was almost certain my arms would give out before
  I reached the pump house. After weighing the alternatives, I changed the rules.
  Hey, don't look at me like that. I mean, I made them, didn't I, so who has
  a better right than me to change them? I knew you'd agree.  
 Having made my decision, I let myself escape back into my fantasy. I imagined
  my captors, due to an argument between themselves, decided to allow me to rest
  while they worked it out. I set my bucket on an old log and unhitched the laces.
  Leaning back against the log, I shook the circulation back into my tired arms.
  I then started to reach for my water jug to quench my thirst only to remember
  it was empty. Well, I wasn't really that thirsty. I also knew I was in no danger
  of dehydrating myself. Strangely enough, although the combination of heat and
  humidity makes a body sweat profusely, you actually lose less water per period
  of time than if it were hot and dry.  
 I closed my eyes to the hot mid day sun as I ran my fingers over my sweat
  matted pubic hair keeping just far enough from my most sensitive places so
  as not to trigger a premature orgasm. I began to realize after only a couple
  of minutes of this, that I wasn't large enough to be far enough from sensitive
  places and still touch myself. Everywhere I touched my body brought a short
  breath and a little pleasure spasm to remind me how excited I was. I could
  actually hear my juices of arousal dripping on the dry leaves beneath me. Only
  the thought of how much greater my climax would be if I just waited a little
  longer, kept me from jerking myself into orgasmic haze land right then.  
 I had only rested about ten minutes but I was anxious to continue with my
  ordeal. The wiggling of my nipple clamps caused a few sharp pains to shoot
  into my breasts as I attached my laces to the bucket handles. Although the
  clamps were not yet excessively tight, after five hours of continuous clamping
  I had thought I'd be in more pain than I was currently experiencing. Believe
  me, that would change dramatically before long.  
 The short rest had brought strength back into my arms, but the hot dead
  summer air had done little to cool me off. My nude teenage body still glistened
  with perspiration as I hefted the bucket and began my self imposed ordeal once
  more. I'm unsure as to why, but I again had that fleeting thought of being
  happened upon by someone, and picturing myself trying to explain away what
  I was doing. By the way, it actually happened to me a year or so later, but
  I'll let the story fill you in when it gets there.  
 Forced to do a reality check by the previous brain wave, I carefully looked
  around. Seeing or hearing nothing out of the ordinary, I slipped back to my
  jungle fantasy land. Imagining the enemy soldiers, having resolved their dispute,
  were again forcing me to march through the steaming jungle wagering when I
  would collapse from exhaustion. I became even more aroused as I vowed that
  I would not give satisfaction to those filthy bastards, be imaginary or not.
  I thought how in reality, I would make a poor slave. Although I like to fantasize
  myself a slave, I think I'm far to turned on by defiance to ever be totally
  submissive. I continued along, my arms beginning to ache from the exertion.  
 My mind was slipping deeper into my fantasy as I imagined the soldiers having
  strapped a pole vertically to my back thus preventing me from bending or squatting.
  In their cruel sadistic minds, they would only be happy when I would finally
  lose all ability to carry the weight, and I would beg in agony as my nipples
  were torn from my breasts. Although in reality I would never put myself in
  a position that could permanently disfigure or seriously injure me, it sure
  is fun to imagine it.  
 The pain in my arms was increasing sharply. Knowing from my position it
  would take at least fifteen more minutes to reach the pump house, I tried to
  walk a bit faster. It wasn't but a minute or so when I found this to be harder
  on my arms than walking at a normal pace, so I slowed back down. This is how
  athletes must feel, I thought to myself noticing how well defined my arm muscles
  had become from the long exertion. Having been born minus the sports gene,
  athletics had never interested me, but it now occurred to me athletes probably
  get their rocks off from the pain the same as me. I was sure I was right. I'll
  bet they really wear those plastic crotch guards so not to accidentally start
  playing with themselves in front of all the spectators. Hell, I'm not so different
  after all.  
 My imaginary captors were becoming more excited also as I strained with
  all my will in the tropical heat. The veins in my slender young arms were clearly
  visible as I fought with every step to keep my increasingly heavy bucket at
  waist level. The burning ache that filled my arms and shoulders seemed unbearable.
  I could tell I was rapidly losing my battle of the bucket when I caught sight
  of the old pump house about three hundred yards ahead. Now, with my goal in
  sight, I renewed my concentration. As hard as I tried, I just couldn't keep
  the bucket at my waist. With about a hundred yards to go, I began to whimper.
  Partly, I think, from exhaustion, but mostly from my downwardly distending
  nipples doing their best to help support the heavy bucket they were attached
  to.  
 I was already well into my second earth shaking orgasm when I reached the
  pump house. If the pain searing it's way throughout my heaving chest was any
  indication, my poor nipples must have been supporting all of the buckets gravity
  seeking weight. There wasn't enough feeling left in my tortured arms for me
  to tell if they were helping or not as I collapsed onto the ground with my
  third orgasm, obliterating me to everything else. I felt myself losing control
  of my bladder as the fourth climax filled my exhausted body with ecstasy. From
  some subconscious instinct I moved my hand over my crotch only to let my hot
  piss spray uncontrollably as yet another wonderful orgasm shuddered it's way
  through me. Engulfed in ecstasy, I rolled onto my back, my nipples, still attached
  to the bucket, started to bleed as they dragged the heavy bucket as I rolled
  to my back. I screamed at the top of my lungs as the unimaginable agony tore
  through every nerve sending me into a final explosive orgasm obliterating all
  but it's own indescribable pleasure. It seemed the more the pain, the more
  the climax. Not wanting my orgasmic haze to end, I remained motionless until
  I could no longer endure the fiery pain from my ravaged breasts.  
 I had no choice but to remove the clamps from my bleeding nipples. I had
  not intended to do such severe damage to myself, but still reeling from the
  absolutely, could not have ever imagined, most wonderfulistic sexual experience
  of my life, it was worth it. I managed to get my orgasmicly ravaged body into
  the pump house and drank as much of the cool well water as I could. Although
  my mind was intent on cleaning my now dirt covered sweat soaked body, my body
  said, later on, as I fell into a much needed sleep.  
 I awoke with a momentary attack of panic. I had blissfully dreamed away
  the entire afternoon and the long shadows of dusk were visible through the
  pane less pump house window. My panic lasted only until the sandman had left
  my sleepy brain and returned to wherever sand men go when they return you to
  reality. Actually, my feeling of panic turned into one of astonishment as I
  surveyed my dirt and debris covered body. I looked as if I had been away for
  a month with all the pieces of dead leaves, twigs, and other assorted crapola
  stuck to every part of my naked body. I pumped some water and as I worked at
  cleaning myself up, my mind started working on my plans for the night.  
 Fortunately, I hadn't done any permanent damage to my nipples. Although
  they were extremely sore, a close inspection after cleaning away the dried
  blood, revealed the clamps had only cut the flesh, not torn it as I had feared.
  Either way, I would have no further need of my clamps or weights on this day.
  In fact, after eating my remaining sandwiches, there was nothing in my duffel
  bag I could think of a use for, so I decided to leave it and the bucket in
  the pump house. I had stashed a flashlight in the old pump house on an earlier
  excursion because of a somewhat unpleasant night time woods experience previously
  encountered. In all honesty, having forgotten to bring one along again, I was
  relieved to find this one in working condition. One must be careful when leaving
  battery powered items in the woods. I know because I saw on TV that rabbits
  use them too. Fortunately, I had hidden this flashlight well.  
 The suns evening rays still illuminated the western sky as I closed the
  door on the old pump house. The cooler evening air felt good as it lightly
  caressed my bare skin. Very much sexually satisfied from my flood of earlier
  orgasms, I was now in more of an adventurous mood than anything else. Not that
  there was any real danger in the woods at night. Most people who are not raised
  around rural places think wild animals are going to attack them. There's a
  thousand times better chance you'll win the Irish Sweepstakes twice in a row,
  than be attacked by a wild animal. Wild animals don't like people. They try
  every way possible to avoid people. Actually the greatest danger of animal
  attack is by someone's abandoned house pet.  
 I guess you could say I was feeling like taking some chances that night.
  Not anything that could get me hurt or anything mind you. Just some things
  I had never tried before. I started out towards a public campground located
  a couple of miles to the northwest on the shore of a small woodland lake. The
  excitement of my plan brought goose bumps to my naked skin as the shelter of
  the pump house disappeared behind me.  
 A nearly full moon was rising early providing enough light that I didn't
  have to use the flashlight. This I was happy about because I didn't want to
  draw attention to myself moving stark naked through the trees. Even a flashlight
  beam can be seen over several miles at night. My plan was to sneak into the
  public campground and take a swim in the lake, actually pond would be a better
  word, and back out without being seen. This was really taking me to my limits.
  If you have been following my tale, you know one of my worst fears is being
  caught naked, and with nothing but a flashlight for cover, I was very much
  naked now. Maybe deep inside I wanted to get caught. Perhaps I thought it would
  cure my unreasonable modesty. You know, I utterly envy anyone who is unafraid
  to let the world see them nude. After all, what could be closer to total freedom
  than strolling down main street with your tits bouncing and your pubic hairs
  blowing in the wind for all to see.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Six  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 My heart raced with a combination of excitement and fear as I began to hear
  the sounds of people as I got closer to the park. It was almost eleven thirty
  and it hadn't occurred to me that there would be so many people still up and
  about. I crept carefully closer, trying to keep out of the moonlight as much
  as possible, when suddenly I heard the sound of children. A big lump began
  to form in my throat as the children's voices grew louder. I frantically searched
  for someplace to hide. There was little, if any, underbrush this close to the
  camp ground that hadn't either been cleared or beaten down by campers. Although
  the trees were by no means sparse, none were very large, and they had been
  pruned to seven or eight feet up. I may have been slim, in fact, I'm sure there
  are some who would have even called me skinny, but I assure you, there just
  weren't any tree trunks in sight that would have hidden me from prying eyes.  
 The lump that occupied my throat felt like it would all but choke me to
  death as the voices began to take the shape of several small children as they
  became visible in the moonlight. And if that wasn't bad enough, one of the
  little fuckers was carrying a flashlight, the beam of light darting about as
  they ran here and there between the trees. Though I was sure they hadn't yet
  saw me, they kept coming in my direction like they were following some sort
  of homing beacon. I wondered if Murphy's Law worked as well on the Irish as
  on the rest of us. As they drew closer and closer, my options were quickly
  dwindling away. One, I could turn tail and run ever so silently, making no
  noise for them to hear gliding like a gazelle through the dry leaves and twigs
  covering the forest floor. Right, I'm sure. Two, I could just stroll on in
  my birthday suit, walking past them without a care. Not likely. Three, I could
  just walk up to them and say something intelligent like, hi guys, ever seen
  a naked lady before? Nah. Considering that sex and nudity were numbers eight
  and nine of the seven deadly sins in this bible bounced country, that is unless
  you happen to be the bible bouncer in which case bible bouncing rules don't
  apply, these sheltered little brats would go screaming back and at best, be
  traumatized for life. Not to mention the myriad of sex crimes I would be charged
  with after the innocent little tots were bible bounced into confessing all
  the torture, rape, abuse, and other sorted evil deeds I perpetrated on them.
  Bad idea.  
 I was down to option last. Option last rated only slightly above the others,
  but as it's name implied, left me no other choice. However, this fact gave
  me little comfort as I climbed through the sharp branches into the relative
  safety of the nearest tree. I perched silently, and uncomfortably I might add,
  as the little group passed beneath me. Finally the lump released it's grip
  on my throat as the figures again faded into voices as they returned from where
  they came. Satisfied I was no longer in danger of seeing my face plastered
  on the Post Office wall under vicious sex criminals, I began to contemplate
  my decent. You may think me a tad paranoid, and perhaps a bit sarcastic by
  my thoughts about bible bouncers and sex crimes, but before you pass judgment,
  think about this. Where but in our great land of the free and home of the brave,
  can a seventeen year old boy be sent to prison for having consensual intercourse
  with a seventeen year old girl, and yet Catholic priests are unpunished for
  having non consensual sex with five and six year old children. Put that in
  your bible and bounce it.  
 It may be said that what goes up, must come down. If this is true, why is
  it always harder to climb down from something than it was going up? For instance,
  that short branch attempting to enter my vagina gave me no problem on the way
  up. I did however, with a few added minor abrasions, successfully extricate
  myself from the tree.  
 My recent anxiety combined with the physical exertion of playing lumberjack
  had caused me to moderately perspire. As I squatted beneath the tree contemplating
  my next move, I began shivering as the night air evaporated the moisture from
  my unprotected body. The night was by no means cold, but with the humidity
  still high, even seventy degrees can be chilly to a nudist. I checked the time.
  Quarter past twelve. Not wanting to repeat the last forty five minutes, I figured
  I'd wait until one o'clock before continuing towards the lake. I sat with my
  back to the base of the tree, drew my legs up to my chest, wrapped my arms
  around them and settled back to wait.  
 I must have fell asleep because the next thing I remember was being a lot
  colder than I had been. As I ran my hands over my body trying to get some relief
  from the chill, I could feel all my normally invisible little body hairs sticking
  straight out between the sandpaper like goose bumps formed on my exposed flesh.
  A brief moment of panic cleared my thoughts as I checked my watch. Ten after
  one. Perfect. Brushing myself off as I got to my feet, I shook off the cold
  as much as I could before starting for the lake. I don't know much about astronomy,
  but this was one of those nights when the moon seems to be in the same position
  in relation to the time as the sun is during the day. It made everything look
  weird in an eerie sort of way with the moon shadows bringing an almost life
  like quality to the normally inanimate inhabitants of the forest. With flashlight
  in hand, I headed for the lake.  
 It may not seem very challenging to grab a skinny dip in the dead of night,
  however, this particular site is far from normal. Very few of the inland lakes
  in this part of the country are what you would call &quot;natural&quot;. Most
  started as either granite or marble quarries that filled with water when the
  quarrymen finally reached a depth sufficient to release an underground water
  supply. As a result, most are bordered by sheer rock except for where the original
  entrance to the quarry was. In my case, the only area accessing the lake, was
  the camp ground. Unless of course, you were to make a hundred foot dive from
  the rock wall, in which case you would still have to exit at the camp ground,
  and undoubtedly someone would hear the splash from your hundred foot dive,
  and from sheer curiosity be looking for the cause. So you see, not simple.  
 Except for a few lingering camp fires, there seemed to be no activity as
  I crept along the edge of the camp area. Keeping low, I eased closer to the
  water's edge trying to be as silent as possible. So far, so good. Fortunately,
  due to my level of fear and excitement, my shivering had stopped making it
  easier to avoid detection. Other than an occasional cough or grunt from a sleeping
  camper, and the gentle lapping of the lake water on the shore, all was quiet.  
 I made my way to the point where the shore and rock wall met at the water's
  edge. I quickly stashed my flashlight by the rock wall as I was easily visible
  in the bright moonlight if anyone happened to look my way. With the fear of
  detection foremost in my mind, I quickly slipped into the icy quarry lake.
  Quarry lakes are famous, or infamous depending on your point of view, for their
  nearly constant fifty two degree water. As a result, the shock from being suddenly
  immersed naked forced an uncontrollable yelp from my lips as the icy water
  took my breath away. Another unique thing about quarry lakes, is their short
  beaches. So only about fifty feet from shore, I became too busy treading water
  while trying to recover from the initial shock of the cold water to notice
  much of anything else.  
 Being tossed naked from an iceberg in the Arctic Ocean would have been less
  of a shock than what happened next. As my body adjusted to the cold water,
  I was able to breath more normally. I also became aware of some sort of activity
  in the camp ground. Unsure of what was actually going on, I swam quietly to
  spot by the rock wall about three hundred feet from shore where I could still
  see the entire camp but was myself pretty well hidden from view. Finding a
  hand hold at near water level, I tried to figure out what was happening on
  shore.  
 That familiar lump began invading my throat again as I could see one, then
  two, three, then several flashlight beams darting around the camp ground. I
  held my watch to the moonlight. It was two o'clock. Damn, what the hell are
  those people doing?  
 The beams of bouncing light started coming towards the lake. What the fuck
  is happening? I thought to myself as I swam further down the rock face. It
  looked as if the entire camp was up now. They were now shinning their lights
  out onto the lake. They're looking for me. That can't be. I was sure no one
  had seen me. I tried to hear what they were saying but my brain was starting
  to get cloudy as the icy water took it's toll on me. I slowly moved closer,
  staying close to the rock wall. I was starting to get really scared. It was
  getting more difficult to move my arms and legs as my body edged closer to
  hypothermia. Finally I could hear one understandable voice over the excited
  mob scurrying aimlessly around the camp.  
 She was hollering something about loosing her kid. Son of a bitch, they
  were looking for a lost kid. As my mind assembled the facts, I started to become
  nauseated from the panic and fear this realization brought. And what made me
  feel even worse, it had been my own yelp when entering the water, that had
  got someone's attention. Tears streamed down my cheeks as I eased along the
  sheer rock toward the mob of hysterical fools lining the water's edge. By now
  the only choices I had left were either to stay put and die from hypothermia,
  or get to the beach and die from humiliation. Believe it or not, I was having
  trouble reaching a decision.  
 Stay of execution. You heard right, Murphy granted me a stay of execution.
  I take back everything I have ever said bad about that hard headed, trouble
  causing, arrogant Irishman, shit, I mean kind hearted and helpful arrogant
  Irishman. Only moments before my fate was to be sealed, the kid they thought
  was drowned in the lake, they found wandering around right along with them.
  They then started thanking God and they all hugged the half asleep little boy
  as if he had just been pulled from the fires of hell. At least that's what
  it looked like. Personally, I hope they were thanking God for delivering them
  from stupidity. Maybe next time it would occur to look in the kid's bed before
  booking passage on the cruise to mass hysteria. Still, I thought, that's a
  tall order even for a God. Perhaps if they offered a human sacrifice? Nah.  
 For me however, it was still not an ideal situation. It looked as though
  everyone had retired to their various tents and RV's, but they were certainly
  still awake, and would be much longer than I could stay in the water. I needed
  to exit this lake right now. My arms and legs had long since become numb and
  though I knew I was still moving them as I reached the waters edge, I couldn't
  feel a thing.  
 Keeping very low and quiet, I crept onto the beach at the same place I had
  entered. I was rather surprised at finding my flashlight right where I left
  it. I thought sure someone would have at least found that in their frantic
  search. Carefully, I made my way back to the safety of the woods.  
 The feeling started returning to my extremities before I had gone very far.
  And along with the feeling, came the inevitable violent convulsions suffered
  by anyone whose core body temperature has ever gotten as low as mine was. This
  however, was a new experience for me. Actually, referring to my next hour as
  an experience, would have been like referring to Hiroshima as a fireworks display.
  Unless you have ever had the ill fate of having become hypothermic, your wildest
  nightmares are pale in comparison to what I am about to describe. In all my
  self imposed or otherwise tortures and ordeals, before or since, were no worse
  than removing a splinter compared to what I suffered that night. Did I say
  violent convulsions? Violent does not begin to describe hypothermic convulsions.
  First, I'll give you a few simple facts to help you understand what happens.
  One, normal body temperature, as I'm sure you already know, is ninety eight
  point six degrees. Two, the most energy consuming task your body has is to
  maintain that temperature. Three, muscles produce heat. The harder they work,
  the more the heat they produce. Four, the more the body tries to rise above
  it's normal temperature, the more you sweat so that the effect of evaporative
  cooling will keep the temperature normal. In fact, only a two or three degree
  rise will make you sweat bullets.  
 Keep in mind, more muscles, more heat. When your body temperature becomes
  ten or fifteen degrees to low, and stays that way long, your body dies. Your
  body does not want to die. Regardless of what you may want, your body is going
  to do everything possible to get it's temperature back to normal. A body is
  mostly water. In my case about one hundred fifteen pounds. That is roughly
  fifteen gallons of water. Now, imagine how much heat it would take to raise
  the temperature of fifteen gallons of water fifteen degrees in one hour. Lastly,
  imagine how hard every last muscle in your body would have to work to produce
  that much heat. Result, violent convulsions.  
 The only possible bright side to any of this was that I had managed to get
  out of earshot of the campers before being disabled by the convulsions. Good
  thing because for the next hour or so, I was completely and utterly unable
  to control anything I did. For all I know, the forest may have vibrated with
  my screams of agony. I do know however, that at sometime during my convulsive
  state, I let loose of all my bodily functions. When the agonizing convulsions
  finally turned to more normal teeth chattering shivers, I began to assess my
  situation. My front was covered with vomit mixed with dirt, leaves, twigs and
  other such debris. Judging from the smell, I had also shit myself and apparently
  rolled in it. It was four thirty in the morning and I was a good two hours
  from home. I was half frozen to death, butt naked and covered head to toe with
  piss, shit, puke and who knows what else. I must be the stupidest bitch alive.
  When I do get home, I think I'll just spend the day sticking pins in my tits
  to remind me of the fact.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Seven  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 At this point, I would have done almost anything for a hot shower and a
  bar of soap. I considered going back to the lake to at least wash the crap
  off, but seeing how that damn lake was the reason for my current predicament,
  I decided to try to make the pump house. I absolutely begged for sunrise as
  I shook and shivered my way along in the damp cold predawn air. I felt like
  cursing Murphy, but held my tongue just to play it safe. After all, as miserable
  as I now was, the fucker, oops, I mean fine fellow, did save from the campers.
  Instead, I cursed myself for not being able to just have walked up on that
  beach and proudly strolled right by those foolish bastards. As I looked at
  my crap covered body and smelled the rancid odor emanating from it, I thought,
  who am I calling foolish?  
 The sun's fiery ball had the first finger hold on it's daily climb over
  the eastern horizon as I came within sight of the old pump house. With the
  opportunity to clean the now dried on excrement from myself only steps away,
  my spirits began to lift. That was, until the thought of pouring the icy well
  water over my already near frozen body entered my foggy brain. Oh well, compared
  to my agonies so far, I told myself it would be like a walk in the park. No
  pun intended.  
 It was more like a walk through the pricker bushes, but, after much effort,
  I transformed myself from Carolyn the human cesspool back to Carolyn the closet
  nudist and sometimes pain slut. The sun had by now cleared the horizon and
  the warm early morning rays filtered through the treetops forming little dancing
  dots of light on the forest floor. As I squatted by the east wall of the pump
  house, trying to take advantage of every bit of warmth available, I carefully
  looked over my cold bluish white skin. I checked every part of myself I could
  manage looking for any possible unnoticed injuries. Finding none, I then began
  to wonder if I would have any lasting effects from the hypothermia. I had experienced.
  I guessed not. As cold as I had been, in reality, it had been a fairly warm
  night. Although I had intended to head straight for home after cleaning up,
  the warm sun felt so good I decided to stay awhile and rest.  
 It was close to noon when I awoke with a start, hearing what sounded like
  footsteps somewhere on the other side of the pump house. My familiar lump returned
  along with that sinking feeling that accompanies fear as I tried to imagine
  what it was. I frantically looked for anything I could use to cover my nudity,
  but there was nothing. Images of everything from little kids to forest rangers
  to space aliens raced through my mind until a telltale pungent odor found it's
  way to my nostrils. Skunk. Relief instantly overcame my anxiety as I peeked
  around the corner of the pump house only to find one of nature's smelliest
  creatures, with the possible exception of me as the human cesspool, foraging
  for it's breakfast. I carefully gathered what I had stashed the day before
  and left the busy little skunk to his task.  
 I started to feel much better as I walked the next hour to the woods edge.
  With the filth cleaned off, and the shivering cold only an unpleasant memory,
  I took my sweet time getting to where I had hidden my clothes. Even so, it
  seemed like no time before I was picking my old dress from under the tree where
  I had left it. As I shook the leaves off the dress, I had a crazy thought.
  I pondered this thought for a couple of minutes before making up my mind. Do
  it. I stuffed my dress into the duffel bag and headed completely nude across
  the open field to my house. I felt really brave as I exposed myself for all
  to see. Of course there was no one within eyesight to expose to, but I can
  imagine, can't I? And besides, I thought to myself as I entered the empty house,
  it's a start. Never before today had I had enough courage to cross that field
  naked, day or night.  
 I spent the next couple of hours soaking in a hot bath going over in my
  mind my not so much fun lake ordeal. The strange thing is, even with all the
  nasty extremes I was forced to endure, having overcome it all made me tingle
  inside. In fact, with a little help from the detachable shower head my dad
  had installed, I tingled myself into a not so bad orgasm. Then I thought, I'm
  the only one who uses this upstairs bath. I wonder why my dad installed this
  great toy. Could he be more aware than I think?  
 I made several more excursions that summer, but none were truly extraordinary
  until after I'd begun my senior year. Being a senior was great. Especially
  if you had enough graduation points accumulated. I did. You may think I do
  some weird and dumb shit, but for what it's worth, the last IQ test I was given
  scored one hundred sixty. Not bad for an almost eighteen year old pain slut.  
 To explain briefly how these points work, you get points for each course
  that you pass all through high school. The number of points needed to graduate
  are figured on an average students capability to accumulate by the end of their
  senior year. If one is fortunate enough to keep their grades high, and take
  a few extra courses, the only courses they have to attend during their senior
  year are those considered mandatory. Therefore, in my case, from noon Thursday
  until Monday, no school. I also had Wednesday afternoon off and if I really
  had something going, I could always skip Thursday.  
 Before I tell you of my next encounter, I need to preface it with a little
  background. There was a girl in my class named Kristen Castillo. Although we
  had been classmates since, I think, fifth grade, other than occasional greetings
  and seeing her at various school activities, we had no other contact. Actually,
  not unlike myself, Kristen pretty much kept to herself. I did know that Kristen's
  family kept her from much dating, at least according to most reliable gossip,
  and in this case it was. Apparently for cultural reasons, of which I will never
  understand or agree with, she was not allowed to date boys not of Latin decent
  as was she. Hammond Indiana was and is the epitome of white America, leaving
  her little to chose from.  
 In fact, other than Robert Vega, who reminds me of that little gang leader,
  Jesus I think was his name, that played on Hill Street Blues, she had dated
  only one other. I don't think this guy met with family approval as they broke
  up before he got out of the hospital. It's a sad situation because Kristen
  falls into that enviable category of drop dead good looking. At any rate, both
  Kristen and I ended up being volunteered to write the script for the senior
  play. Which, by the way, neither of us were too happy about. I doubt they censor
  letters from San Quentin as carefully as they did our script. I did however,
  manage to get one of the actors to substitute the word fuck for luck in the
  performance for a small fee. It didn't cause much fuss, but gave me a good
  measure of personal satisfaction.  
 I got the shock of my life one afternoon while we were working on our script.
  It happened when I accidentally bumped head on into Kristen while paying absolutely
  no attention where I was walking. Kristen, being a good head shorter than me,
  ended up ramming her boobs straight into my rib cage. What I felt when we impacted,
  were two hard, and oddly familiar I might add, metal like objects on her breasts.
  And, I would probably have passed it off to my over active imagination, had
  it not been for look of pain that briefly crossed her face. I couldn't believe
  what I was thinking could be true. I had to somehow find out for sure. I mean,
  gawd, even I had never wore my nipple clamps to school!  
 Until this moment, I had never even considered that there could be someone
  else with the same weird attraction to pain as myself. And this girl comes
  to school with her nipples clamped. That was pretty extreme even by my standards.
  I looked at Kristen every chance I had wondering if she realized I was on to
  her. She didn't act any different or anything. The thought of her being into
  the same things as me had me ready to explode. After what seemed like hours
  of trying to think of ways to approach her, something my father once said kept
  coming to mind. &quot;If you want to know something, just ask. The worst that
  can happen is you may get told to fuck off.&quot; My dad always gave good advice.  
 So, armed with my measure of parental advice, I whispered into Kristen's
  ear. &quot;I'm impressed, I never tried wearing mine in school.&quot; At first
  she gave me this real startled look. Then, realizing exactly what I meant,
  she started looking embarrassed. &quot;It's all right,&quot; I told her, &quot;I'm
  into the same thing myself.&quot; As we talked, she became less and less embarrassed.
  We found that until now, neither of us had ever talked with anyone about our
  private pleasures. I was fascinated by what she described having done to herself,
  some of which made me wince at the thought. I had never considered myself to
  be any slouch when it came to standing pain, but if what I was hearing was
  true, Kristen gave new meaning to the word. We spent the rest of that school
  day relating our experiences to each other. As we parted after the last bell,
  Kristen agreed to come to my house the next morning saying she wanted to show
  me some neat stuff. As I walked home, I wondered what I had got myself into
  this time.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Eight  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 For, what I had thought until today, a shy little Latino girl, some of what
  Kristen had told me left me in awe. Like I said, I've done some things to myself
  that caused enough pain to nearly pass out from, but I was having trouble imagining
  the level of pain she talked about. Of course, so far it was just that, talk.
  She could be full of shit. Then again, if she was just blowing smoke, why did
  she agree to come to my house. The whole thing was happening too fast. If she
  was for real, she'd expect me to do whatever she did. I couldn't let her show
  me up, yet I didn't like to be forced into anything. Especially if it could
  do any lasting damage. Five hours ago, playing torture games with one of my
  classmates would have been number one thousand on the ten most unlikely things
  to do list. I half thought about canceling the deal, but I was the one who
  actually made the first move. Just at that point, I remembered another little
  ditty my dad told me. &quot;Always make sure your brain is in gear before you
  dump the clutch.&quot; I then remembered it was Wednesday night. My father
  would be home. I wondered what he'd say if I just laid it all out to him and
  asked his advice? I could hear myself now. &quot;Guess what dad? I just wanted
  to tell you that for the last few years I've been a self inflicting pain slut
  and now I want to do it with another girl from school. She's a little scary
  and likes to hurt herself real bad, so do ya think I should do it with her?&quot; Like,
  I'm sure.  
 My dad woke me the next morning the same as he always did when he was home.
  I think I upset him when he tried to make some lame apology for my mother being
  away all the time. At least he didn't look too happy when I said &quot;Who?.
  You mean my mother? Hell dad, I thought she'd been abducted by aliens. Actually
  I was hoping they'd keep her.&quot; When he gave me a hug and a kiss and said
  he'd see me Friday night, I felt like I should crawl into a hole somewhere
  and die. If he only knew how much I love and need him. Maybe he does.  
 I lay in bed until I heard my dad's car leave. It was a little after six
  and Kristen would be here about eight. Although I rarely did it, skipping a
  school day was easy for me. Kristen on the other hand, had to ride the bus
  to school and then skip out so her family wouldn't find out. I decided to make
  some breakfast. I do so much like to play in the bacon grease spatters.  
 I ate my breakfast and washed my dishes. I then gave the house a quick once
  over not wanting to give Kristen a bad first impression. It was about quarter
  to eight when I finished that. I started upstairs to put some clothes on, but
  before I got to my room, I stopped and thought again. I wanted to stay nude.
  I decided however that might not be good greeting a first time house guest
  in the buff, so I threw on a halter top and a pair of cutoff jeans. I no sooner
  got my clothes on when I heard the doorbell. Kristen was half out of breath
  having jogged the three and a half miles from the school to my house. She instantly
  flopped herself in one of the kitchen chairs and sat there catching her breath.
  My first surprise of the day came when I offered her some coffee. As I set
  the cup in front of her she asked if I had anything to put in it. I seldom
  drink coffee, and when I do, I drink it black so milk and sugar hadn't occurred
  to me. As I set down the milk and reached for the sugar Kristen said between
  breaths, &quot;Not that. I mean something, you know, like tequila or whisky.&quot; Tequila
  or whisky? I had never liked alcohol, so I had to think if we even had any.
  My dad had a beer now and then, but I couldn't remember him drinking whiskey
  ever. After a couple minutes of looking through the cupboards, I came upon
  a bottle of very dusty and obviously well aged Kentucky sour mash bourbon whisky.
  Sour mash? Why would anyone drink sour mash? I showed it to Kristen and she
  lit up like a bulb, blew off the dust, screwed off the cap and poured as much
  as would fit into her coffee. It made me shudder watching her drink it. I began
  to wonder if the secret to her pain tolerance was to just get good and drunk
  before starting.  
 Kristen drank two more cups of sour mash coffee before she was done, and
  to my surprise, didn't seem to be at all affected by it. It sure is amazing
  how little you can know about someone you went to school with most of your
  life. One thing was for sure. Before this day was gone, I would be much better
  educated.  
 My next surprise of the day hardly gave the first one time to sink in. Kristen
  smiled and told me how happy she was to find someone like me that shared her
  interests, and then proceeded to give me a big hug and kiss of appreciation.
  Her kiss however, consisted of shoving her sour mash flavored tongue down my
  throat to what felt like half way to my toes. This was NOT what I had in mind.
  I had to physically pry her off of me to end her liposuction kiss. She had
  this strange look of bewilderment on her face as I wiped my arm across my lips. &quot;What
  the fuck was that all about?&quot; I asked in a half angry tone. &quot;Gee,
  I'm sorry.&quot; Kristen replied in a sheepish voice. &quot;I thought you'd
  like that. I didn't mean to make you mad.&quot; I assured her I wasn't mad,
  just that I wasn't gay either and it might not have been that bad if I had
  a little warning. Then to top it off, she starts pouting and asks if I want
  her to leave, making me feel like a total turd. Gawd, I'm such a sucker sometimes.  
 I assured her I didn't want her to leave, just that before she does anything
  off the wall that requires me as a participant, to tell me first. I also told
  her that just because I had never had a homosexual relationship, didn't necessarily
  mean I would never try it. After all, to most of the Bible educated boneheads
  in this town, gay meant happy and homosexual was akin to having sex at home.
  We decided to go up to my room and start over again.  
 I assured Kristen that we would have complete privacy due to my parents
  weird schedule. She then told me about how she was always in danger of being
  walked in on no matter where she was at her house. After she had told about
  some of her closer encounters at home, I again realized how lucky I really
  was having the house to myself most of the time. I wanted to take my clothes
  off but I waited until Kristen made the first move. I didn't have to wait long
  before she asked if it was all right to get naked. It felt weird being nude
  with another girl outside of the gym locker room. It wasn't a bad weird, actually
  I found myself enjoying looking at Kristen's nude body. Before today, I had
  seen her naked, but I never really paid any special attention to her. Hell,
  she was only one of a hundred or so in the class and our gym periods were seldom
  the same anyway. But now we were up close and personal, so to speak, and what
  I saw was a remarkably attractive girl.  
 She had jet black shoulder length hair with just a hint of a wave to offset
  it's otherwise perfectly straight form. Kristen was short, about five two maybe,
  and very petite. I'd guess she weighed no more than ninety pounds but her boobs
  were twice the size of mine. Real firm too. With dark pointy nipples that looked
  like they had seen some recent abuse. She had sort of a round face with pupils
  that were so black they almost had a bluish tint to them. In fact I would say,
  I don't think I have ever seen a more attractive face anywhere. Her skin was
  only slightly darker than mine and was covered by an almost invisible down
  that made her look sort of fuzzy the way the sunlight fell across her naked
  outline. I found it hard to picture this thin tiny girl enduring the kind of
  pain she had told me about. She did have a superfine body though. Her legs
  were thin enough as to leave about a two inch space between her thighs and
  like me had a full growth of hair covering her mound. I wondered what she thought
  about me.  
 I had never even considered the fact that Kristen might be gay or bisexual
  until now. I could tell by the way she looked at me that with just one word
  of encouragement she'd be on me like green on grass. I wasn't quite ready for
  that yet. At least that's what I told myself.  
 &quot;Let's get started.&quot; Kristen blurted out as she proceeded to dump
  the contents of her back pack onto my bed. Looking over her conglomeration
  of toys, some I'd only seen in books, brought back my feeling of apprehension.
  Kristen must have noticed the look on my face because before I could say anything
  she reassured me that she wouldn't do anything to me I didn't want. She then
  added that when I was doing her, to do what she said as well. Her next statement
  however, awakened that little voice that sometimes tries to warn your brain
  before it lets you do stupid shit, you know, the one you never listen to. She
  told me that no matter how bad I might think she's hurting, if she tells me
  more, I was to do it, no questions. Then for toppers, she asked if I was sure
  no one would be able to hear us. I assured her we were the only ones for a
  couple of miles in any direction. My little voice kept repeating the same five
  words, girl, &quot;you are fuckin nuts,&quot; over and over.  
 Kristen introduced me to the breast press first. There was one for each
  breast. She had brought four. Somehow I didn't think they were all for her.
  They looked homemade but were also well made. Now realizing I wasn't the only
  young girl who frequented the hardware store, I wondered how many there really
  were. Anyway, they were simple devices. Each one consisted of two twelve by
  two inch round wooden dowels with threaded rods passing through holes at either
  end. How they operated was obvious. Kristen wanted to go first, so I placed
  the first one on her left breast and tightened the wing nuts until I was sure
  it would stay on. I then repeated the process on her other breast. She then
  told me to tighten them up. I screwed the one on her right breast, first one
  side then the other until she said to stop. I then did the other breast the
  same. Both tits were bulging like a couple of melons before she told me to
  quit. My turn next.  
 Kristen repeated the process on me. Although my breasts were smaller than
  hers, they were plenty big enough to get a good grip on. I let her continue
  tightening the screws until mine were also bulging and starting to hurt pretty
  bad. Kristen then wanted me to tighten hers up more. I started with her left
  breast. I kept screwing until I thought her tit was going to explode. I then
  did the same with the right breast. One look at her face told me she had to
  be in excruciating pain. The veins in her neck protruded from the strain, but
  she just clenched her teeth and never made a sound. I was beginning to think
  she was in shock, but it was me who almost went into shock when she told me
  to take one more turn on each of the screws. It took most all the strength
  I had to get another turn on the wing nuts. The skin covering her swollen breasts
  was so tight, I swear I think if I were to puncture one, she'd fly around the
  room like a deflating balloon. The hardwood dowels were actually bending from
  the tension and her once attractive young breasts were turning almost purple
  from the pressure. The agony she must have been in was beyond my imagination.
  I was totally sure that at any second she would begin screaming and begging
  me to unscrew the clamps and stop what must feel like red hot sledge hammers
  raining down on her exploding tits. I am sure that I felt my jaw bounce off
  the floor when Kristen finally did speak. Instead of begging me with pain filled
  eyes, she only wanted to know if I were going to finish tightening my clamps
  or did I want her to do it for me? &quot;Uh..., I guess so.&quot; I replied
  half heartedly, still a bit dumbstruck watching her swollen and obviously excruciatingly
  pain filled breasts turn steadily darker in color. &quot;Ready?&quot; Kristen
  asked. &quot;Now be sure to tell me when to stop.&quot; I wanted to say stop
  right then, but again ignoring my little voice, I nodded for her to begin.  
 Kristen began slowly compressing my already throbbing tits. As the pain
  steadily increased with each turn of a wing nut, I kept wanting to say stop.
  For whatever reason, foolish pride, or just not wanting to be bested, I let
  her continue as I watched my B cup breasts turn into discolored balloons. As
  I felt the tears begin to trickle down my cheeks from the ever increasing pain,
  I knew I was near my limit. I closed my eyes and tried to think of something,
  anything other than the searing pain in my poor tortured breasts. I couldn't.
  The pain was just to intense. As hard as I tried, and as much as I wanted to,
  I just couldn't stand any more. &quot;Stop!&quot; Kristen immediately obeyed
  and stood back to admire her work. I looked down in disbelief at my bulging
  pain filled mammaries that appeared at least four times their original size.
  The pain was different somehow than pain I had felt before. This pain didn't
  seem to stimulate me like other pain. This just hurt. And hurt like bloody
  hell! I couldn't believe how Kristen could just stand there watching me. She
  had to be in as much pain as me and I didn't know from one minute to the next
  how much longer I could hold on. &quot;Too much for you?&quot; Kristen tauntingly
  inquired. &quot;I think so.&quot; I replied as I looked at the now deep purple
  balls of fire protruding obscenely from my chest. &quot;Can I kiss you?&quot; I
  heard Kristen ask. I don't think I really wanted her to but the pain I was
  in was so overwhelming my thoughts that I agreed.  
 Kristen went to kiss me when our rock hard swollen breasts bumped together
  and I almost passed out as what was already unbearable agony jumped to more
  than I could stand. I just couldn't take anymore. I frantically began to unscrew
  the wing nuts on my clamps as fast as I could. The incredible pain had been
  so intense I was actually having trouble catching my breath. Seeing I was having
  trouble, Kristen helped me finish removing the clamps as I lay back on my bed
  still catching my breath. I felt sick as I looked at my once firm young breasts
  hang to my sides, still distended and purple colored. At least the screaming
  pain was now only a hard ache. That was soon to change.  
 My relief from the pain lasted only a few precious seconds. As the blood
  began to again circulate through my severely abused tits, the pain started
  to increase. I tried to massage my poor aching breasts but it only seemed to
  make the pain worse. I don't think I passed out, but the next thing I remember
  was feeling something cool on my chest. It felt really good. I opened my eyes
  to find Kristen had put some wet towels on my breasts and was laying on the
  bed beside me. I also noticed she had removed her breast clamps and had put
  wet towels on her breasts as well. We both lay motionless on the bed for I'm
  not sure how long, but I must have dosed off again because my next memory is
  of Kristen slowly running her hand over my bare skin. She was lightly letting
  her fingers slide up and down, barely touching the bottom of my breasts at
  one end and going down and barely touching my uppermost pubic hairs. All of
  my instincts told me to make her stop. I did want her to stop. I did. Really
  I did. Shut up little voice.  
 Damn it felt so good. My little voice kept telling my brain to stop me from
  letting this happen, but it just felt so damn good. I lay motionless, feeling
  her fingers caress my skin as she slowly moved her hand up and down. I didn't
  want to give Kristen any ideas that I wanted her to do this to me, but I found
  myself secretly hoping each time her fingers touched the top of my pubic hairs,
  that she wouldn't start back up so fast. I could feel my clitoris harden each
  time she touched my hair. Again and again she would stop as soon as her fingers
  touched the very top of my thick bush. Her hand was moving down again. Waiting...waiting,
  I felt her touch my uppermost hairs. I had to fight the urge to buck my hips.
  My clit was tingling with excitement. Gawd! I was on the verge of orgasm. Her
  hand was moving down again. As hard as I tried to fight it, I couldn't stop
  from raising my hips. Just a little. Maybe she won't notice. I really should
  tell her to stop but if she'd only touch my clit. Just a little. Please. Kristen!
  Read my mind! Her hand started back up. Shit! I felt like I was going to explode.
  What's wrong with her? My clit felt like it was standing straight up, can't
  she see it? God dammit, you fuckin bitch, touch me, please! Her hand started
  back down. I felt her fingers touch my hair. Right at that point I'd have given
  anything if my clit would swap places with my navel. Wait. Hold that thought.
  I felt her fingers probe deeper into my waiting pubic hairs. Slowly she moved
  her slender fingers through the thick carpet. Closer...closer. I tried to will
  my bulging clitoris to bend back and touch her finger. One finger, any finger.
  Closer... I felt her finger touch the foreskin. I was so wet I could feel the
  dampness soaking into the bed spread under my buttocks. At last! She started
  to make a slow circle around my throbbing clit with her finger but I'm sure
  I bucked her off the bed before she got half way around. I have not a clue
  how long it was before I returned from whatever dimension that kind of mind
  blowing orgasm sends you to, but if by chance there really is a heaven, I was
  just there. I wonder why Kristen is sprawled on the floor with that big shit
  eating grin on her face?  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Nine  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 As my sense of reality began to overcome the orgasmic cloud surrounding
  my brain, it occurred to me why Kristen was on the floor. I faintly remembered
  putting her there with the wild bucking of my hips, but it somehow seemed like
  it happened in another life. &quot;I've never seen anyone cum as hard as you
  just did.&quot; Kristen said with a look of wide eyed amazement. She was obviously
  very pleased with herself at having driven me to such a mind numbing orgasm.
  To be perfectly honest, I was very pleased with her too. &quot;Did you like
  it?&quot; she asked. Like it? Hell, I was still trying to find my toes. &quot;Yes,
  I liked it. I liked it very much.&quot; was about all I could give her for
  a reply. Kristen's face lit up even more than it was. &quot;I'll make you cum
  again, if you want me to,&quot; she spoke in a soft voice. I thought for a
  minute and then replied, &quot;I don't know if I could stand another one like
  that without losing my mind. Besides, I feel a little guilty having all the
  fun.&quot;  
 &quot;You're not.&quot; Kristen assured me as she got up off the floor and
  sat beside me on the bed. &quot;You may not have known it, but I came the same
  time you did. I really like making you cum. Please let me do it again.&quot; After
  the orgasm I think I was still having, that was most certainly an offer I couldn't
  refuse.  
 Kristen started to kiss me. This was nothing like the first kiss she gave
  me in the kitchen. This time she was very gentle, probing my tongue with hers
  while rubbing her soft pubic hair on my thigh. It felt so weird, so unnatural
  being touched and kissed by another girl, yet at the same time so unbelievably
  wonderful. This was really fantastic. She then slowly started to move down.
  First kissing my neck then as she began kissing my erect nipples I could feel
  myself shudder as she lightly flicked her tongue back and forth over the very
  tips of my ever so sensitive flesh. Kristen must have sensed how excited I
  was getting. She moved ever so slowly down. Carefully licking the tender undersides
  of my breasts. The sensation was driving me wild. I began to feel my stomach
  muscles spasm as she ran her tongue slowly down my belly, stopping to make
  a few circles around my navel, all the while squeezing and then flicking my
  rock hard nipples with her fingers. When I felt her tongue start to lick the
  very top of my thick pubic hair, I began to realize what she was intending
  to do. I might have resisted as this was something I hadn't really thought
  over, but with the indescribable pleasures this girl was inflicting on my naked
  body, even I couldn't be that foolish.  
 As Kristen continued to lick her way closer and closer to my waiting clitoris,
  a troubling thought kept crossing my mind. I knew she would want me to do the
  same for her as she had so very well done for me. Could I do it? Laying here
  with my closed eyes being fulfilled with the feelings of ecstasy given to me
  by another girl was one thing, but could I give her the same in return? I jerked
  as her tongue slipped inside my folds. Could I put my tongue into her vagina
  and swallow her juices like she was now doing for me? My hips began to rise
  instinctively as I felt the flat of her tongue getting closer to my clitoris.
  I could feel her moving my thick pubic hair aside exposing my clit to her probing
  tongue. Then, as her tongue engulfed my throbbing clit, she squeezed my nipples
  between her fingernails as hard as she could sending daggers of pain through
  my breasts throwing me into several wonderful orgasms. Every muscle I had strained
  as wave after wave racked my body with pleasure. My body continued to shudder
  with pleasure while Kristen licked at the cum juice still flowing abundantly
  obviously enjoying my flavor.  
 I felt exhausted. Never before had I experienced so many orgasms in so short
  a time. The room even seemed to spin as I lay there trying to comprehend just
  what had happened to me. I started to think about Kristen again, how unbelievably
  wonderful she had made me feel. How could I possibly give her the same level
  of pleasure I was feeling. Before today, I had barely thought of making love
  with another girl, let alone figure out ways to do it. &quot;That was wonderful.&quot; I
  said as I looked over at my unexpected but amazing lover. &quot;I'm not sure
  how good I'll be, but,&quot; still unsure I paused a moment, &quot;if you want,
  I'll make love to you.&quot; Kristen gave a look of concern as she replied, &quot;Are
  you sure, I mean, you don't have to or anything.&quot; I thought about how
  what started as a torture session had turned into my first taste of lesbian
  love and how great so far it had been. I still wasn't totally comfortable with
  the idea, but if for no other reason than to repay her for the intense pleasure
  she had given me, I had to at least try. &quot;I want to,&quot; I told her
  as I caressed her cheek, &quot;I'm not to sure if I can do as well as you,
  but I'd like to try.&quot; Kristen's face lit up like a bulb. Then, laughingly
  as she lay spread eagle on her back she replied, &quot;I promise not to complain.&quot;  
 I spent a few minutes just kissing Kristen and running my hand over her
  like she had done with me. I then slowly started licking the soft skin of her
  firm round breasts, purposely teasing her by not touching her nipples. I also
  teased her by burying my hand in her soft thick pubic hair, running my fingers
  up and down both sides of her clitoris being careful not to touch it. Unlike
  myself, Kristen made no effort to control her rising excitement. She was already
  bucking her hips wildly, her swollen clitoris franticly trying to make contact
  with my hand. I wouldn't let that happen. She let out a loud moan of frustration
  as she bucked even higher desperately trying for that one momentary contact
  that she knew would send her into orgasm.  
 I couldn't believe how easily she became excited. I also was surprised at
  how much I enjoyed getting her that way. When I figured I had teased enough,
  I worked my way into a position where I could do what I suspected she would
  really like. Then, without giving her any warning, I slipped my teeth over
  her left nipple and as I bit down hard I also squeezed her very erect clit
  between my fingernails as hard as I could. Kristen let out a blood curdling
  scream as she was overcome by one mega orgasm after another. I continued to
  squeeze and pull her sensitive clitoris as hard as I could as she begged me
  not to stop between screams. I too began to climax from the thought of how
  much her clit must hurt. The more she begged, the harder I pulled and twisted
  her sensitive clitoris. As I reached my own climax, I dug my fingernail deep
  into the base of her clit and pulled sharply upward with all my strength. I
  knew I had to be causing her terrible agony but I continued to dig and pull
  until she was nearly unconscious from the sheer number of orgasms it caused.
  When it was finally over, we both lay exhausted, our bodies glistening with
  perspiration, holding each other tightly.  
 It was well after noon when we recovered from our climactic exhaustion.
  Neither of us wanted the day to end but Kristen had to get back to the school
  in time to catch her bus. It was hard for me to imagine having to be worried
  because my family was always checking up on me, as did she. I kind of felt
  sorry for Kristen, or was I feeling sorry for myself because she had to go,
  I wasn't sure. At any rate I helped her load up her back pack, reassuring each
  other we would have many more days like this in the near future.  
 I watched Kristen jog away into the distance still feeling aroused from
  what had been one of the most memorable experiences to date. I decided to take
  a bath and think of how I wanted to spend the rest of the day. Perhaps it was
  because of the intense pleasure of my first time lesbian experience, but I
  wanted to do something new to myself. Suspension came to mind. Recently I had
  been thinking of ways to suspend myself by my wrists for a long enough period
  of time to make it extremely painful, but also so I would be able to release
  myself before I was happened upon by one or both of my parents. Also, even
  though I wanted it to be of considerable torture, hanging for perhaps two or
  three days was out of the question.  
 This was not an easy problem to solve. I had to come up with some sort of
  plan or device that would somehow free me after a preset length of time but
  that couldn't be activated early by me. Not having the option to stop the torture
  in the event it became too painful for me always added to the excitement. I
  will admit though, there have been times when in various self contrived tortures,
  I would have at the time gladly traded the excitement for access to a stop
  button.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Ten  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 I've been told I have a mechanical mind. I assume they mean that in the
  context of the ability to understand how mechanical things work, not literally.
  I hope. They are probably right, as it has always been easy for me to figure
  ways of making most any device I need from various odds and ends. I guess you
  could say I was a good improviser with the ability to also fabricate what I
  improvised. This time, however, I really had my brain smoking before I was
  able to arrive at a solution. My main problem was the timer. I had estimated
  that three to four hours would be about as long as I could stand being suspended
  by my wrists. So I needed a six hour timing device. After considering several
  options, the one thing that was both practical and also dependable was ice.
  Ice was strong, easy to obtain, and was sure to melt. Deciding on what to use
  for a timer was the easy part, how to use wasn't.  
 I had planned to set everything up in the storage room. This was actually
  an old work shop attached to the kitchen hallway. There was a stout beam running
  across the ceiling that at one time must have been used to hoist up machinery
  or such that was the perfect height for my purpose. I had worked out my method,
  but it was as yet untested. My plan was to hook two elastic bunji cords to
  an old stool. I then would attach a length of clothes line to the opposite
  side of the stool. I would then run the line out and over an old saw horse
  and attach it to this old wooden bucket with a hole in the bottom. Filling
  the bucket with ice cubes would pull the stool and then as the ice melted the
  bunji cords would pull it back. Therefore, if I was to fill the bucket, then
  pull the stool to where the bucket was hanging by the clothes line, I could
  then stand on it to hold it in place. I could then attach myself to the beam,
  lift my legs, the bucket would drop to the floor pulling the stool out from
  under me. This would leave me hanging by my wrists until enough ice melted
  to allow the bunji cords to pull the stool back to where I would be able to
  stand on it again. I would try this out today.  
 I made sure all the doors were locked before I began setting things up.
  As per normal, I had that nagging thought of having to explain why I was hanging
  nude from the ceiling if someone accidentally found me. It was nearly dusk
  before I was ready to proceed with my first experience in suspension. I double
  checked all of my apparatus to be sure I wouldn't still be hanging from the
  beam when my father came home the next night. Satisfied all was in order I
  positioned the stool and stepped up on it. I had wrapped small towels around
  my wrists to soften the grip of the rope I had chosen. Also, I didn't want
  to go around with red chafe marks on my wrists for the next week. I put three
  turns of rope on each wrist before tying the rope off for some added support.
  Hoping that I had figured right on everything, I hoisted myself up a little
  and lifted my feet off the stool. So far so good. The bucket of ice did just
  as it was supposed to pulling the stool about three feet from where it was.
  I was now committed.  
 With the successful operation of my stool apparatus, any apprehension I
  was feeling disappeared. Everything seemed to be going as planned. My wrists
  were fairly comfortable with the towels keeping the ropes from digging into
  my skin. Also, I was reasonably certain by the use of multiple coils around
  my wrists, I would maintain circulation into my hands. According to the old
  wall clock I had wound and set earlier, it was nine o'clock. If all went according
  to my plan I could expect the return of the stool by no later than three in
  the morning, possibly sooner depending on the melt rate of the ice cubes. So
  far I was in no discomfort whatsoever, in fact it felt good just hanging there.  
 By nine thirty my shoulders were starting to ache, but I could relieve the
  pain by changing my position by pulling myself up by one arm and then the other.
  I knew however, this method wouldn't work very long as my muscles were already
  tired. I was still not concerned because judging by my perspiration after only
  thirty minutes or so, it was warm enough to melt the ice faster than I had
  originally figured on. Ten o'clock. I felt like I had gained fifty pounds.
  My body felt like so much dead weight hanging from my arms and I was in a lot
  more pain than I thought I would be this early on. I could see my reflection
  in the glass of the one outside window and my body looked really great suspended
  like I was. The strain gave a good definition to my muscles and with the coating
  of perspiration made me look like an athlete. I could easily count every rib
  as my skin stretched taught over my rib cage. I also liked the way my normally
  flat stomach actually curved in a little making my pubic bush even more prominent
  than usual. I still couldn't understand why so many of my classmates either
  trimmed or shaved their pubic hair. Don't get me wrong, I'm not into the natural
  look or anything. I always keep my underarms and legs neatly shaved. I also
  shave any straggling hairs that may pop up on my inner thighs, I do like to
  be neat. Perhaps if my breasts were larger my pubic hair wouldn't be so important
  to me, but I look at it this way. When I was twelve years old I was a little
  girl. I couldn't wait to grow into a woman. The two main things that physically
  separate little girls from women are boobs and pubic hair. So, now that I finally
  have what I waited so long for, why the hell would I want to make myself look
  like a little girl again? Although I am still far to modest to show my bush
  off, I am very proud of it. Hopefully, I will someday get the courage to bare
  it for all to see.  
 Ten thirty. I no longer had the strength to change my position so the pain
  in my arms and shoulders was now constant and steadily increasing as time wore
  on. Admiring my reflection in the window had, however, kept my mind occupied
  for a while. Reflection in the window. Reflection in the window. Why did something
  seem wrong with that. Reflection, my body's reflection in the window. I can
  see my completely naked body reflecting in the window. SHIT! My fucking heart
  almost stopped when the problem became apparent. It was dark outside. It was
  light inside. That means, anyone outside could see every inch of me by just
  looking through the window. SHIT! How could I be so stupid? How could I have
  totally ignored something so obvious as this. It also occurred to me that although
  I was visible to anyone outside, anything outside was invisible to me. SHIT!  
 My mind was racing with possibilities. If anyone was watching me I wouldn't
  know. SHIT! There could be more than one. There could be ten, a hundred, a
  thousand, even millions of people watching me hanging naked from this beam.
  Gawd! I've never felt so naked in my life. Hell, the channel seven news team
  could be out there and I wouldn't know it. I was sick with embarrassment.  
 Eleven o'clock. I was trying to look at my predicament with some degree
  of common sense. I told myself the chance of anyone actually coming by and
  looking in the window was very unlikely. It really was unlikely but when you
  are hanging from the ceiling, totally nude and unable to actually see if someone
  is watching, unlikely doesn't offer much comfort. There was one positive result.
  Between the pain, embarrassment, and utter futility of my situation, I was
  becoming considerably aroused.  
 Eleven thirty. I kept looking at the bucket of ice cubes half hoping a fire
  would break out and speed up the melting. I was quickly reaching the point
  of having to admit that I may have miscalculated my stamina. My shoulders felt
  like they were being torn from the rest of my body and the unrelenting pain
  burned clear to my butt. One thing in my favor was that it was an exceptionally
  warm night, and from the puddle under the ice bucket, I was pretty sure I wouldn't
  have to wait more than another couple of hours at most. I wasn't sure I could
  stand the pain for another two hours. I also knew I had no other choice. This
  time, I left myself with no way out. Actually, by the size of the puddle of
  sweat under me, I began to wonder which was melting faster, me or the ice.  
 Midnight. Every minute that passed seemed like an hour. I was beginning
  to wish there really were someone watching through the window that could get
  me down and stop the pain. The melting ice had let the stool slide toward me
  about six inches. It still had two and a half feet to go before it would do
  me any good. My state of arousal had even gone away. I was now in that state
  of despair that torture victims must get when the pain is more than they can
  endure and all they have to look forward to is more pain.  
 Twelve thirty. If there had been anyone watching me they would surely have
  rescued me by now. That is unless they were totally sadistic, because I was
  now crying uncontrollably. The only thing I could think about was the pain.
  I was actually begging for someone to find me. I didn't care about the humiliation.
  I didn't care if I had to stand nude in the town square and tell everyone what
  a pain slut I was. I would even tell them how I made love to Kristen. Anything
  to stop the pain. The terrible pain was so far above what I could endure the
  only thing I cared about was for it to stop. I would even go to school completely
  naked and tell everyone how I would walk nude through the woods with lead weights
  hanging from my nipples and pussy. I would do anything if only it would stop
  the pain.  
 One o'clock. I now had a new problem. The up side was the stool only lacked
  about six inches to go. The downside was two fold. One, it was a three legged
  stool and if I tried to step on it too soon I risked tipping it over. Two,
  I was near the point of passing out from the unrelenting pain that by now had
  me screaming with every breath. Never in my life had I felt such desperation
  as I was experiencing as I fought to stay conscious knowing if I just gave
  in the pain would stop. I couldn't even fantasize about anything. I could only
  scream and suffer the unending pain as I waited the long minutes for the stool
  to appear under my beckoning feet.  
 One thirty. Finally the stool was almost directly under me. I now had to
  pick my legs up enough to step on the stool. I was already hoarse from screaming
  as the increased pain from lifting my legs drove me to scream even louder.
  I don't know how I stood it but I did. I could finally feel my screaming pain
  slowly ebb away as my weight transferred from my arms to my legs. Hot piss
  splattered on my legs as my bladder emptied uncontrollably. I was so glad I
  had at least had the foresight to use a half bow knot when I tied myself up
  or I doubt if I could have untied the rope now. My arms fell uselessly to my
  sides. As I stepped off the stool I felt another blast of relief. I then realized
  if I hadn't possessed the stamina to keep from passing out, I would still be
  hanging from the beam. Without my weight on the stool, the elastic cords pulled
  the stool another foot past where I had been. Totally exhausted, I left everything
  as it was, made it to my bedroom and collapsed on my bed, piss covered legs
  and all.  
 It was nearly noon when I woke up. I was still in the same position, nude,
  laying on my stomach with my arms at my sides. I smelled of sweat and piss.
  Doing anything about it was a different matter. All I could manage was to flop
  over on my back as it was impossible to move my arms. I lay there for nearly
  half an hour trying to get my arms to move with only limited results. If I
  never learned another thing in my life, last night taught me never to put myself
  in any situation that left me so helpless as I had been hanging from that beam.
  It was another half hour before I managed to get on my feet. My shoulders and
  arms ached terribly as I waited for the bath tub to fill.  
 I must have fallen asleep as soon as I got in the hot bath because the next
  thing I remember was hearing the phone ring. I was sure the answer machine
  would pick up so I listened to try to hear who it was. It was hard to hear
  but it sounded like my dad. I do have a phone in my room but the answer machine
  was downstairs in the living room. I could tell it was my dad's voice but I
  couldn't make out what he was saying. It then occurred to me I had left everything
  as it was in the storage room. I had to force myself from my soothing bath,
  but I had to clean up the storage room before my dad got home. Drying myself
  off and getting downstairs was in itself no easy task, but through sheer perseverance,
  and not to mention no other choice, I removed all evidence of the previous
  night. That being done, I went to replay the phone message. It was my dad telling
  me he was on his way home. As I went to put some clothes on I thought about
  how close I had come to be still hanging in the storage room. Thanks Murf.  
 Monday came along much too soon to suit me. I still felt as if I had been
  in a football game. In case you saw it, I was the ball. Kristen, fortunately,
  was the only one at school that noticed my less than graceful movement as I
  tried to hide the fact I was sore in places until now didn't know I had. Of
  course, she was full of questions and just had to know what happened. For someone
  whom I had, for all practical purposes known less than a week, she acted like
  we'd been best friends for life. In a way it made me a little uncomfortable.
  Looking back on it, although Kristen had always kept to herself, I think she
  was also very lonely. On the other hand I was , and still am, more of a loner.
  It wasn't that I considered myself better than anyone, just that I valued my
  privacy, and didn't always care to spill my guts to whoever was interested.
  Don't get me wrong, I liked Kristen a lot. After all, I had almost licked her
  crotch three days before, and would many times in the weeks to come, still,
  I found it hard to tell her about Friday night. I think also I was a bit embarrassed
  at not taking better precautions before doing what I did. However, she was
  persistent, and before the day was over I had given her the blow by blow description.  
 After hearing my recount of what I considered a painful lesson, no pun intended,
  Kristen was nothing less than wildly excited by what I had told her. I tried
  to tell her just how bad it was not being able to end it when the pain became
  more than I could take. She wasn't impressed. In fact, all she said was the
  fact I was telling her about it meant the pain wasn't really more than I could
  stand, otherwise I would be dead. As I was trying to understand her logic,
  I heard my name come over the PA system.  
 I was wanted at the office and I never get called to the office. I told
  Kristen I'd see her later and started the long walk to the office. The school
  office was near the main entrance to the school. As I came out of the last
  hall into entrance area, I saw my father standing by the door. My dad never
  comes to the school. I tried to imagine what he was doing here and as I got
  closer to him I could see he didn't look so good. I asked him what was wrong
  but all he did was give me a big hug and then walked me out to his car.  
 What I was about to hear should have been probably the most devastating
  words of my life. After we were in the car he said nothing for the first few
  minutes. My imagination was running wild wondering what was going on. Gawd,
  I thought, had the channel seven news really been outside the window? Shit!
  Had he seen me on TV. No, that couldn't be. They couldn't show that on TV. &quot;Sweetheart,
  I've got some real bad news.&quot; he said and then paused. &quot;Honey, your
  mother is dead.&quot;  
 You may think me cold, but after what I had been thinking, I was actually
  relieved. In fact I almost blurted out something super intelligent like, gee
  dad, did it take you all these years to figure that out? I know I should have
  been in tears, but, it was almost like being told some unknown relative died.
  Maybe it needed time to sink in. I kept saying the words over and over in my
  head. Don't misunderstand, I was by no definition happy at this, I just wasn't
  that sad either. I wanted to ask him what she died from, but I had never seen
  my father this broken up over anything before so I kept quiet as we drove home.
  I was sure he'd tell me soon enough.  
 We sat down at the kitchen table and my dad proceeded to tell my all about
  what had happened. I was more hurt from seeing how devastated he was than anything
  else. What he said next nearly shocked me out of my shoes. I think I wrote
  earlier that my mother had been away taking care of my grandmother. What I
  didn't say was that it was my father's mother she was taking care of. My grandmother
  on my mother's side as well as my grandfather on my father's side died before
  I was born.  
 &quot;What I didn't tell you at school, Carolyn,&quot; he never called me
  Carolyn, &quot;was that your grandmother is also dead.&quot; He was so choked
  up he could hardly get the words out. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. &quot;What
  do you mean grandmother is dead too? How could they both be dead?&quot; My
  dad did his best to explain how they hadn't suffered at all. I still couldn't
  believe they were both dead. I had just seen both of them when my father and
  I went to my grandmother's house last weekend. He went on to tell me something
  in the furnace fucked up and filled the house with carbon monoxide while they
  were sleeping. He said they just never woke up. I can't remember the last time
  I sat on my dad's lap, but I spent the next hour doing just that with my arms
  around his neck.  
 I didn't go to school the rest of that week. Actually I had my hands full
  helping my dad get through it. It's not bad enough that one person looses a
  mother and the other both a mother and wife, you still have to suffer with
  all the family vultures and the &quot;You remember me, I met you when you were
  only this high.&quot; mealy mouthed well wishers. My dad had a lot of friends
  but if my mother had more than two she must have kept them tied up somewhere
  and only brought them out when no one else was around, because I've never seen
  them. Yet, the funeral parlor was full. I had seen most of my father's buddies
  at one time or another but there were at least twice that amount of unknown
  mourners milling about. Why would you go to a funeral for someone you didn't
  know? It must be for the food or the party afterwards. Who knows? Maybe they
  just like to look at dead bodies. That must be it. I'll bet they all pissed
  their little pants when they heard there were two at this funeral.  
 I really believe that the only people who have the right attitude towards
  death are the Indians. Those people have the sense to cut through all the bullshit
  that we seem to thrive on. You never saw them pay three thousand dollars for
  a box made with twenty dollars worth of wood just to stick in the ground. Whew!
  And we call them savages? Not.  
 Finally, my dad and I were the only ones left. We sat where we had started
  at the kitchen table surveying our war ravaged house. We had survived the various
  preachers who came to drum up business, the &quot;At least they didn't suffer&quot; crowd,
  the &quot;I'm sorrys&quot;, and even the &quot;What were their names&quot; group.
  In fact, the only ones that didn't show up were the &quot;I'll stick around
  and help clean up&quot; people. No matter. Maybe they'll come to the next one.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Eleven  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 It was a couple of weeks before my life got back to normal. That is if you
  call my life normal. It was an average boring Thursday in mid October and I
  was trying to day dream my way through the last class of the week. Kristen
  had been bugging me to come over to my house all week, but, I guess with the
  funeral and all I just hadn't felt like doing much of anything. Maybe it was
  her bugging or maybe it was just me, but I kept thinking about our last get
  together and decided maybe I was ready to try something with her again. We
  talked after class and decided to set something up.  
 I had had the chance to meet Kristen's parents since the last, and only,
  time she had been to my house. They were nice folks, but compared to mine they
  may as well have been prison guards. Over protective doesn't come even close
  to their attitude with Kristen. Kristen would have to skip school again in
  order to spend Friday with me so I suggested she try to get her parents to
  let her sleep over. That way I told her, she wouldn't have to worry about getting
  back to catch the home bus. Kristen thought it was a wonderful idea and said
  she'd call me later and let me know. We said our good-bye's and I started the
  walk home. Kristen called about eight that night. I could tell by her voice
  that she must have got the OK from her parents. She told me I could expect
  her about eight in the morning and to hold on to my ass because she had some
  really wild shit in mind. I said OK and hung up. Kristen is still a little
  scary sometimes. My dad had gone to some equipment show for his company and
  wouldn't get back until Sunday, so at least we would have the place to ourselves.
  I figured I'd get to bed early. There was no telling what sort of &quot;wild
  shit&quot; Kristen had in mind so I figured I'd get plenty of sleep.  
 Kristen was right on time the next morning. This time I didn't bother to
  get dressed and greeted her at the door in the nude. She didn't seem to mind.
  I believe this to be true only because before Kristen got sat down at the kitchen
  table she was also nude. I made her some sour mash coffee of which she wasted
  no time in consuming. Actually I'm a bit surprised the &quot;I believe I'll
  have a drink&quot; group didn't suck it up after the funeral. Maybe they didn't
  like sour mash. No, I watched them and if they had found it it would be gone.
  I made Kristen a second cup and then listened while she told me of all the
  fun stuff she had thought up for us to do.  
 She started by telling me she had never been naked outside and from what
  I had told her of my experiences she wanted to try it. I agreed, but I also
  reminded her it was October, and in case she hadn't noticed while jogging over
  here, it was less than ideal nudist weather. She agreed it was pretty chilly
  outside, but said she didn't care. I wasn't overly enthused about freezing
  my butt off, but I have to admit, the thought of watching Kristen freeze her
  ass off was making me real horny. We went about collecting whatever funtime
  toys we thought we might use and put on just enough clothes to safely get to
  the woods. Kristen was absolutely buzzing with excitement as we walked across
  the open field. As for myself, I couldn't wait to see how well this petite
  little girl did in this chilly weather once she'd taken her clothes off. The
  trees still had most of their leaves although they had taken on the bright
  colors of autumn. It was an overcast day, the kind of day that lets you know
  its not long before winter, but still warms up to fifty degrees or so. Not
  so bad except when you're nude for a long period of time. I knew what to expect
  as I had been nude several times in colder weather than this. Once we were
  under the cover of the woods, we stripped off everything but our shoes. &quot;Are
  you sure you want to do this?&quot; I asked, noticing she was already shivering. &quot;Hell
  yes,&quot; she replied, &quot;I can stand it as long as you, maybe longer.&quot; I
  was glad she didn't say no because for some reason I was really getting off
  watching her suffer. I'm not sure why I felt that way, maybe it was her over
  confident attitude, but I wasn't about to knock it. I was really starting to
  get into this, and I wanted to see just how much she could take.  
 I explained where we could go and not get too far from our clothes in case
  one of us decided to give up. I think if I told her we were going to stay here
  naked until tomorrow she'd have said OK. Kristen suggested we put on some nipple
  clamps before starting out and that I could use the same ones as her. Seeing
  nothing wrong with that, I agreed. Actually I had no choice as since Kristen
  had said before we left that she had everything we might want already in her
  back pack. After a few seconds of rummaging around, she produced four steel
  clamps, and I do mean clamps!  
 Actually, I believe the correct description was, large battery charger clamps
  with strong springs and sharp and nasty looking serrated ends. Just looking
  at those babies made my nipples hurt. I told myself for one sure thing, I intended
  to see two of those monsters hanging from her breasts before I would on mine.
  I started to wonder who was going to show who as I also realized I really didn't
  know how much Kristen could take.  
 To my surprise, Kristen suggested that we each put the clamps on each others
  nipples. That part I didn't mind. It was the reason she gave that gave me that
  funny little feeling in the pit of my stomach. Kristen proceeded to tell me
  that she had used these particular clamps before, and they hurt her so bad
  that it was hard for her to bring herself to put them on herself. I then asked
  why she used them if they were that painful. She just smiled and said &quot;Because
  I like it when it hurts real bad.&quot; Once again I found myself at a loss
  with her logic.  
 Kristen handed me the clamps and then put her arms around my neck, arching
  her back to make her breasts accessible to me. Her dark nipples were already
  at full attention from the chilly fall air and I couldn't resist spending a
  few minutes on a little tit play. &quot;Ummm, that feels so good.&quot; she
  whispered in my ear as I played with her rock hard and obviously sensitive
  nipples. I could feel myself getting wet thinking of the pain that would soon
  blast through them when those sharp serrations bit in. &quot;Are you ready?&quot; I
  asked as I kissed the top of her shoulder. &quot;I'm ready.&quot; she replied
  as she tightened her grip on me anticipating the pain to come. I kept getting
  wetter and wetter as I thought how this little girl, knowing how much pain
  these clamps were going to cause, was holding on to me to get through it. Her
  bare skin felt cold against my cheek as I moved my head down so I could see
  what I was doing. Kristen's body tensed even more as she felt me position the
  first clamp over her left nipple.  
 I released the clamp, letting the steel teeth dig into her erect nipple.
  Every muscle in her young body strained to the limit, but Kristen didn't cry
  out. I then let the other clamp sink it's sharp steel teeth into her right
  nipple. This time Kristen cried out. I was so turned on by watching her endure
  what had to be excruciating agony, I think I would have cum right then if not
  for the fear I was feeling knowing my nipples were next.  
 Kristen just kept her arms around my neck, quietly sobbing for what must
  have been ten minutes or so. When the pain had subsided enough, she let go
  of me and stood back. The look of pain in her tear stained face full well told
  me what I was now in for. I was beginning to feel real queasy as I saw how
  severely the clamps mashed her pretty nipples. I got even queasier when she
  asked if I was ready.  
 I really wanted to say no. Don't get me wrong, pain does turn me on. It's
  just that I wasn't totally certain I could stand the amount of pain I knew
  these monster clamps would cause. Also, there was a ego issue. I was, believe
  it or not, afraid of being shown up by Kristen. Unfortunately, I was in a catch
  22. If I did anything except let her put the clamps on me, the end result would
  be the same as if I couldn't stand the pain once she had. Hesitantly I replied, &quot;I'm
  ready.&quot;  
 I put my arms around Kristen's neck the same as she had done with me. I
  half expected she would play with my nipples as I had done with her, but that
  was not to be. Kristen wasted no time in applying the first clamp which confirmed
  my worst fears as I awoke anything that may have been asleep with a loud scream.
  Before I could even catch my breath from the first attack on my poor left nipple
  my right one caught fire. I screamed and danced around for what must have been
  ten minutes before the pain subsided enough for me to get myself back under
  control. I looked down at my throbbing breasts expecting to see blood squirting
  from my tortured nipples but there was none. From the pain I was feeling I
  thought at least my nipples had been cut clean off but they were only severely
  mashed. Not at all unlike Kristen's.  
 We hid our clothes under the tree and headed for the old pump house. As
  we both were pretty cold, Kristen's idea that we jog instead of walk seemed
  to make sense. At least it did until my nipple clamps started flopping around
  making each step total agony. I would have slowed to a walk except Kristen's
  were flopping even more than mine and she just kept jogging. Oh well, if she
  can stand it, so can I.  
 We were both out of breath by the time we reached the old pump house. I
  also knew I was going to have to swallow some of my pride and remove the nipple
  clamps. My breasts were in so much pain after twenty minutes of jogging that
  I just couldn't stand it any longer. I was just about to tell Kristen of my
  dilemma when I noticed she was already removing hers. At seeing this, I wasted
  no time in removing mine. When I looked a little closer at Kristen's nipples,
  it was clear why she had taken hers off. There was a small trickle of blood
  coming from each nipple where the clamps had actually punctured her skin. After
  seeing that, it was hard for me to imagine how she had been able to get this
  far. It was still pretty cold as we both got a drink from the old pump and
  it didn't look like it was going to get any warmer. At least the sun was warm
  and actually, other than being uncomfortable, I wasn't all that cold. Kristen
  on the other hand was not doing as well. I started to get that turned on feeling
  as I watched her shiver. Her goose bumps made her fine body hair stand up and
  she looked like a little fuzz doll standing naked in the woods. I went and
  put my arms around her, not so much to warm her up, but to feel her naked body
  against mine. Damn, she felt good. Unfortunately, Kristen wasn't ready for
  love making yet.  
 What she was ready for both shocked and pleased me. She wanted me to torture
  her for awhile. Although unsure how she wanted me to do this, I readily agreed.
  I had yet to reveal to her that I was aroused by the idea of inflicting pain
  on her, but seeing how it was her suggestion, all the better for me.  
 What she had in mind was simple. The old pump house had a beam protruding
  from the roof with an old iron hook attached to the end of it. Probably used
  to hoist water barrels onto wagons in the olden days. I was to tie her wrists
  together with some soft nylon rope she had brought along and then hoist her
  up so she could slip the rope over the hook thus leaving her suspended a foot
  or so above the ground. She then had me get a leather horse whip out of her
  backpack. Flagellation was something I was less than familiar with. I had once
  tried whipping myself, but it was sort of like trying to beat yourself up,
  not very effective. This would be different. I could feel myself already getting
  wet just thinking about laying it on this defenseless little girl suspended
  in front of me.  
 I took it upon myself to suggest tying her legs together so that she wouldn't
  accidentally kick me in the head or something. Kristen agreed and added that
  I should find a stick or something to keep her legs spread apart. This I did.
  There were plenty of sticks to choose from. I chose one about three feet long.  
 Having securely tied her ankles to the ends of the stick, I stepped back
  to survey my handiwork. Magnificent! Her skin was stretched taught over her
  petite frame showing every straining muscle. I just had to tease her a little
  before I started her torture. I made her shudder as I ran my fingers over her
  cold skin. She was helpless hanging there. I could do whatever I wanted. I
  slowly moved my attention to her hair covered vagina. To my surprise she was
  also very wet as I slipped my left middle finger deep inside her. Kristen didn't
  appear to mind. I moved my finger in and out while gently rubbing her clit
  with my thumb. At the same time I started doing the same to myself. As I stroked
  and rubbed Kristen, I stroked and rubbed myself. I went a little faster. My
  plan was to bring Kristen to the brink of orgasm and then stop. Judging by
  the fact that she had her eyes glued to my bush watching me jerk myself off,
  I figured she must be getting close. I went a little faster. I kept it up until
  her juices began dripping off my hand and I felt the first pre-orgasmic spasms
  tighten her vaginal muscles around my finger. Then, without any warning, I
  stopped jerking her and sat on the ground where she could watch me continue
  jerking myself into orgasm.  
 &quot;Oh, you fucking bitch!&quot; she screamed as I watched her thigh muscles
  strain against the stick trying in vain to give herself enough stimulation
  to achieve a climax. The more she fought, the more excited I became. Every
  muscle in her body bulged as she tried to pull herself into any position that
  would allow her to close her legs enough to get that last bit of stimulation
  she so desperately needed. Watching her straining to the limit of her strength
  was more than I could take. &quot;Damn you, you fucking cunt, I'll get you
  for this!&quot; was the last thing I heard her scream as I exploded into orgasmic
  ecstasy.  
 Kristen was still bitching up a storm when I returned to the land of the
  living. Amazingly enough, even though it was only about fifty degrees, we had
  both worked up a sweat. Actually I felt wonderful. There was only one thing
  bothering me, and I was about to fix that. I started looking through Kristen's
  backpack until I found just what I was looking for. It was a funny thing, Kristen
  quit her screaming and bitching as soon as she saw me pull the roll of duct
  tape from her backpack. No matter, I used it anyway. I felt myself getting
  dangerously into this role. I was in total control of the entire situation,
  and loved it. Kristen was totally helpless hanging from that iron hook. She
  couldn't free herself or even make an intelligible sound with the duct tape
  stuck across her mouth. I was in complete control of her immediate future and
  didn't even feel guilty about it. After all, she told me to hang her up there.
  Well, didn't she.  
 It took several tries before I got the hang of Kristen's horse whip. Actually,
  I didn't practice on her, I just let her watch as I honed my skill on a nearby
  sapling. Gawd, I was feeling so wicked. Satisfied I now had the feel of the
  whip, I proceeded to my victim. I must have had a vile look about me because
  Kristen actually looked a might worried as I cracked the whip close to her
  feet. She was trying to tell me something but I just couldn't make it out through
  the duct tape. No matter, I was sure it couldn't be important. I cracked the
  whip again, this time making contact midway up her thigh.  
 &quot;Dance you whore!&quot; I thought, fancying myself as some sort of
  high executioner type. I also figured I better not get to carried away, after
  all, I might be on the receiving end of this whip someday. &quot;Fuck it.&quot; I
  thought, &quot;high executioners live for the moment.&quot; as I let the whip
  find another spot to liven the nerves on my victim's naked flesh.  
 Again and again the leather whip left red welts on Kristen's tender skin.
  My aim was improving with every stroke. I would lay a few across her ribcage,
  then a few more across her tender thighs, finally, a few across her midsection.
  Kristen danced and jerked with every painful lash. I laid about ten across
  her back, and ten more across her tiny butt for good measure. She kept shaking
  her head back and forth trying to say something through the tape. The way she
  was acting, I got the feeling something was wrong.  
 Realizing how carried away I had gotten, I put down the whip and removed
  the tape from her mouth. &quot;Jesus fuckin Christ! What are you trying to
  do to me?&quot; she sounded like she was half out of her mind as she spoke. &quot;First
  you play with me until I almost cum, then you stop. Now you whip me until I'm
  ready to cum again but you won't let me. Why?&quot; I didn't know what to say.
  What did she mean?  
 Kristen answered my thought before I could speak. &quot;Whip my pussy, damit.
  Quit whipping my body and just whip my pussy so I can cum!&quot; My feeling
  went from one of guilt to one of anger for feeling guilty.  
 So be it. If you want your pussy whipped, you'll get your pussy whipped.  
 The high executioner never fails.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Twelve  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 Again, it took a few tries to get the correct up motion of the whip working
  with any accuracy. This time however, I practiced on Kristen. In fact, she
  began bitching again and I was forced to reapply the tape. Hey, don't blame
  me, remember, she asked me to do this. In fact, she bitched me out for not
  doing it correctly. Besides, high executioners aren't supposed to have to listen
  to their victims bitch and complain.  
 With my victim silenced, I was better able to concentrate on the task at
  hand. Kristen's pubic hair was almost as thick as mine so I had to get the
  end of the whip to snap rather hard to get the desired effect. That was to
  get her to dance each time I found my mark. Actually, I was very impressed
  that she was able to dance as well as she was. After all, she had been hanging
  from her wrists for an hour now, and was still able to pull herself up to where
  her head would hit the beam whenever I would get a good snap directly on her
  labia or clit. Not bad for a ninety pound girl.  

 I moved around to Kristen's back side. My aim was really improving as I
  applied a few well placed lashes that snapped at her swollen clit. She instinctively
  pulled herself up with each stab of pain. I moved back to her front. I let
  loose with several hard strokes that drove their way through her thick bush,
  stinging her most tender flesh. I was wearing her down. I could see it was
  becoming harder and harder to pull herself away from the stinging whip. It
  was all she could do to get enough air through her nostrils as her chest heaved
  in and out. I tore the tape from her lips so she could breath easier as I continued
  to lay the whip deep into her labia. Every muscle in her petite body shook
  with exhaustion as she tried to thrust her vagina to meet the oncoming whip.
  Every part of her naked skin was now glistening with perspiration as she screamed
  with pleasure with every crack of the whip. The more she screamed, the harder
  I laid it on. Even when I could see small spatters of blood appearing on her
  inner thighs, I didn't stop. I too was covered with sweat and almost out of
  breath when Kristen finally climaxed.  
 Her screams of pleasure and pain turned into moans of satisfaction as her
  body slowly became limp from total exhaustion. I threw down the whip and collapsed
  to the ground jerking myself off with both hands while I watched her limp,
  sweat soaked body hang in complete exhaustion. The sight of her hanging there
  made me so hot I quickly lapsed into one gigantic orgasm after another. What
  a day this had been!  
 I think I was still in orgasmic heaven when I realized Kristen was still
  suspended from the beam. As exhausted as I was it took all my remaining strength
  to hoist her up enough for her to unhook from the beam. What I didn't expect,
  was her to collapse on top of me knocking us both to the ground. I did manage,
  after a couple of tries, to roll her off me. It actually felt good for awhile
  just laying in the dirt reliving what I had done.  
 Unfortunately, having worked up such a sweat, I soon began to get a serious
  chill. I went into the pump house and forced myself to wash off with the icy
  well water. Kristen was coming around, so I brought her inside and introduced
  her to the well. She called me everything nasty she could think of when I doused
  her with a bucket of cold water. I know that dumping cold water on your naked
  body when it's only fifty degrees may not be real smart, but when you've walked
  for an hour with twigs, leaves and other forest debris stuck in every body
  orifice, you would really rather be cold.  
 We shook off as much of the water as we could and then decided to stay inside
  the pump house until we dried off. Kristen was definitely the worse for wear.
  Until now, I hadn't been fully aware of just how much abuse I had inflicted
  on the poor girl. She was covered with red welts from her shoulders to her
  knees. I felt like dog shit and tried to apologize but she told me not to worry
  about it. She told me that I gave her just what she asked for and that she
  really got off on it. I had to admit to her that for however much she got off
  by taking it, I got off just as much, if not more, by giving it to her. She
  did however, make me promise to swap places the next time.  
 Air drying on a cool autumn day in Indiana is at best time consuming. It
  is also extremely uncomfortable, actually bone-chilling, especially if you
  are nude. You could throw a cat through the wall almost anywhere in that broken
  down old pump house so it offered only marginal shelter at best. Kristen and
  I embraced our naked bodies trying to get as much warmth as possible. It wasn't
  much. Eventually we dried off and started back towards home. We started out
  jogging but after only a short distance Kristen had to stop.  
Heh, heh. I guess the high executioner had given her a little too much of
  a pussy whipping.  
 I may have thought this humorous at the time but, it wasn't to far into
  the future when I would be laughing out the other side of my face. I had her
  set on an old log so I could see how bad it really was. She didn't appear to
  be bleeding but she did wince several times as I worked my way through her
  thick pubic hair trying to get a better look. I couldn't see any open wounds,
  but her poor labia and clit were fire engine red. It looked like our only choice
  was to walk as I knew there was nothing we could do to ease her pain until
  we got home.  
 It was a long walk back to the edge of the woods. At least I was only cold.
  Poor Kristen was not only cold but I could see the agony in her face with every
  step. It made me wince just thinking of her raw inflamed labia rubbing together
  with each step, but she never complained. Finally the edge of the woods was
  in sight.  
 As we made the last few steps to where we had hidden our clothes, I wanted
  nothing more than to cover my freezing body. However, I helped Kristen get
  her clothes on first. It was like being paroled from a life sentence it felt
  so good as we got inside my nice warm house. I helped Kristen up to my room.
  We then shed our clothes and crawled under the covers of my bed. Kristen lay
  on her side with her back to me and I put my arms around her and hugged her
  shivering body as tightly as I could. It wasn't long before we were both sound
  asleep.  
 It was dark when we finally awoke. Neither of us had changed position from
  when we fell asleep hours ago. I turned on the lamp beside my bed and then
  saw that Kristen had tears in her eyes. When I asked her what was wrong her
  answer almost started me crying. &quot;I'm all right,&quot; she said, &quot;I'm
  just so happy here with you. It feels so good to feel your body next to mine.&quot; I
  had to choke back the tears as I thought about the abuse I had given her and
  how much I had enjoyed doing it. Then, for her to say what she just did, was
  breaking my heart.  
 I didn't want her to see me start crying so I went to draw us a warm bath.
  I managed to swallow the lump in my throat while the tub was filling up. Poor
  Kristen was so sore it was all she could do to get to the bath tub. I helped
  her into the warm water then eased myself in the opposite end facing her. We
  then alternated between soaking and washing each other until we finally ran
  out of hot water. Kristen lay back on my bed while I went to get some lotion
  to put on her welted skin. I couldn't believe I had done this to her. I returned
  with a bottle of skin lotion determined to give Kristen the best massage she
  had ever had. I had her lay first on her stomach. I started with her feet and
  then moved slowly up her legs making sure to spend extra time on the places
  where the whip had left welts. All together it took me a good half hour just
  to do her back. I then had her roll over exposing her front. This time I started
  at the top. I massaged the lotion carefully into her arms working my way down
  to her neck and shoulders. I knew my efforts were paying off by the totally
  relaxed look on her pretty little face. Kristen let out a gentle sigh as I
  started massaging her firm breasts. I continued to massage her breasts with
  my fingers while gently using my thumbs to play with her stiff nipples. I moved
  my massage away from her tits only after I noticed her hips start to gyrate
  from the arousal.  
 I was amazed at how well the lotion was working. Actually, although I never
  told Kristen, the lotion I was using was some stuff my dad had got from the
  veterinary supply. I believe it's original intent was soothe the effects of
  mastitis on cow's teats. No matter, it worked well on people too. I spent the
  next thirty minutes or so massaging her stomach, sides and legs. I was intentionally
  leaving her pubic area for last.  
 Kristen looked like she had fallen asleep so I pulled out one of her long
  pubic hairs. &quot;Ouch!&quot; she yelped and gave me a puzzled look. &quot;I
  just wanted to make sure you were awake to enjoy this.&quot; I told her. Kristen
  assured me she was feeling every bit of the pleasure I was giving her. Giving
  Kristen this massage was the first time I had really been able to closely check
  out her young body. For her small size she was actually quite muscular. The
  fact she had been able to hang by her wrists while being whipped for nearly
  one and a half hours and still have the strength to lift herself up by her
  arms attested to that. Her breasts were slightly larger than a small watermelon
  and incredibly firm. If they remained that way throughout her life I'm sure
  she would have to defend the fact they weren't artificial many times. Her skin
  was flawless, with the exception of the temporary damage done to her today,
  from head to toe. I had saved Kristen's pubic area until last for a reason.
  I had never made love with another girl until Kristen made love to me. Until
  then, I also had never considered burying my face in another girl's crotch.
  Even so, the idea of tasting Kristen's vaginal juices had been on my mind since
  the time she did me. I now had the chance to find out what it would be like,
  and I didn't want her flavored with skin lotion.  
 Kristen's pubic hair was incredibly soft. I started by slowly kissing around
  the edges of her incredibly beautiful bush moving the thick hair aside with
  my fingers so my lips would contact the soft skin of her inner thighs. Sensing
  what I was up to, Kristen opened her legs exposing herself to me completely.
  I couldn't believe how much I was enjoying this. I continued to alternately
  kiss and lick all around her pubic bush. Sometimes I would use the tip of my
  tongue to work through her hair and touch her skin. At others, I would just
  lick her bush with the flat of my tongue. Perhaps it was just the new experience,
  but I liked the feel of her soft pubic hair on my tongue. Kristen jerked a
  bit when I rubbed my nose across her clitoris. I had expected there to be more
  odor, but in fact, any smell was barely detectable. I wonder why the boys were
  always talking about fish? What odor there was, smelled good to me. What about
  her taste? Thus far I had avoided licking any of her juice. I knew what I tasted
  like from licking my finger after masturbating, but, would she taste the same?
  It was time to find out. I glanced up. By the way Kristen was playing with
  her nipples, I could see she was getting into this as well. I put the tip of
  my tongue at the base of her slit. I was careful to avoid her anus as tasting
  shit had not been any part of my fantasy. I have heard that it isn't bad but
  I was content to take whoever said that at their word. Kristen began to raise
  and lower her hips as I slowly worked my tongue upward. Surprisingly, there
  was very little taste considering the amount of vaginal juice she was pumping
  out. I buried my tongue as far inside her as I could. This pushed her on button.
  She let out a loud moan and bucked her pelvic bone into my nose to where I
  saw stars. Nonetheless, I kept working my tongue in and out as Kristen came
  closer and closer to climax. I couldn't believe how wet she was. I kept licking
  and poking with my tongue, then every so often I would lick across her clit,
  making her shudder with pleasure. All this was getting me so horny, I started
  fingering myself at the same time. Finally, when I figured Kristen was just
  about to cum, I sucked the whole of her clit into my mouth. She let out a scream
  of pleasure and then her whole body stiffened with orgasm. I rolled onto my
  back and with one hard squeeze of my own clitoris, joined her in that far away
  land of orgasmic ecstasy.  
 We both lay for awhile enjoying the feeling before saying anything to each
  other. My mind was racing with thoughts of everything that had happened that
  day. The one thing that made me the most uneasy was how much I had enjoyed
  whipping Kristen. I had long ago accepted the fact I was turned on by inflicting
  pain on myself, but today had shown me another side of myself that I wasn't
  sure I liked. Even though it was what Kristen had wanted, the feeling of power
  that was going through me as I cracked that whip across her naked body was
  scary. I felt as if I wasn't in total control of myself. I actually felt rage,
  yet I wasn't angry. I had never been whipped, or, tasted the lash, as they
  say and I wondered what it would be like when I did. Would Kristen get pleasure
  from making me scream with pain? It would be a fortnight before I would find
  out.  
 I was a little worried when Kristen didn't show up in school on Monday.
  It wasn't like her to miss school. Hmmm, maybe I only think she just skips
  school to be with me. Then again, maybe her parents spotted the welts I left
  on her and kept her home. Oh Shit. What if she broke down and told them what
  happened. I was imagining myself into a cold sweat. I started seeing visions
  of my Dad and hers showing me a picture of Kristen's welted body and asking &quot;Do
  you know anything about this? Are you responsible for this cruel act of sadism?
  Well, Carolyn, are you, are you?&quot; I ran into the girl's room and splashed
  some water on my face. I had almost scared the shit out of myself with my imaginary
  panic attack. I knew it was all in my mind. Still, I listened for my name to
  come over the loudspeaker.  
 I listened for it all day, but my name was never called. I tossed the idea
  of calling Kristen's house back and forth between yes and no all the way home
  that afternoon. I figured if she was out getting her licks and lashes with
  someone else, that was her business, but what if something was wrong. If there
  was something wrong, did I really want to know about it? I thought again of
  what I had imagined earlier, but I saw Kristen before she left my house on
  Saturday morning, and the welts had almost completely faded away. I wondered
  if she was sick. I decided to call as soon as I got home. Kristen's mother
  answered the phone. I asked if Kristen was home and her mother hesitated a
  moment and then said &quot;Just a minute, I'll see.&quot; and I heard her lay
  the phone down. A couple of minutes went by when a boy's voice came over the
  phone asking who I was. This phone call was getting weird. Another couple minutes
  passed and then a man, her father, I guess, got on the phone. &quot;Who is
  this?&quot; the voiced asked. &quot;This is Carolyn, Kristen's friend from
  school.&quot; I replied. &quot;What do you want Kristen for?&quot; he then
  asked. &quot;Oh, nothing special, I just wanted to talk.&quot; &quot;What about?&quot; he
  asked. I didn't want to let on she missed school in case she had skipped so
  I only said &quot;Oh, just some stuff, nothing important.&quot; &quot;She's
  busy.&quot; was all he said before hanging up on me. Maximum weirdness. I toyed
  with the idea of going to her house but decided against it. Her family actually
  scared me. They sort of reminded me of want to be homicidal maniacs just waiting
  for someone to play with. I'd rather it not be me.  
 I was relieved to see Kristen in school the next day. When I asked her about
  Monday she only gave some vague answer that she had to do some stuff for her
  mom. When I told her about the conversation, if you could call it that, with
  her Dad, all she said was &quot;Oh, just wait till you get to know him, it'll
  be worse.&quot; It was pretty clear she didn't want to talk about whatever
  it was, so I left it alone.  
 The rest of the week passed with no major incidents of any kind. I hadn't
  been able to figure what was up with Kristen and I became even more curious
  on Thursday. I had pretty much assumed she would come to my house Friday night,
  but when I asked her about it she told me she was sorry but she was going to
  be busy all weekend. No other explanation. Actually, it turned out just as
  well, as I ended up spending the weekend at the Ohio State Fair with my Father
  having a wonderful time. Still, I couldn't stop thinking about Kristen. I would
  however, have all my questions answered in the not so distant future and be
  wishing I never asked.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Thirteen  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 This particular year we ended up with the annual Thanksgiving vacation during
  the third week of November. Kristen seemed to have gotten over whatever problem
  she was having and to my surprise and delight, she asked if she could spent
  a couple of vacation days at my house. I suggested Monday and Tuesday as I
  was anxious for some private time with her. The only thing I was a little concerned
  with was that she had made it clear that it was my turn to feel the whip.  
 The doorbell brought me out of a sound sleep on Monday morning. Still half
  asleep I was trying to think who could be here at five thirty in the morning.
  Hell, it was still dark outside. I crawled out of bed and put on my bathrobe.
  The bell rang twice more before I got to the door. To my amazement, it was
  Kristen. She was totally out of breath and wearing only a tee shirt and jeans
  with her backpack hanging on one shoulder. She explained between breaths that
  she had to get out of her house before her dad woke up but wouldn't elaborate
  any more than that. My curiosity was on maximum but I didn't press her any
  further about it. Kristen looked pretty cold so I suggested we jump into my
  bed for awhile. Kristen wasted no time in taking me up on it.  
 We spent the next couple of hours snuggling naked under my blanket. Kristen
  seemed unusually loving considering she had just ran the better part of seven
  miles getting here. Don't get me wrong, I wasn't complaining. I only wished
  I'd gone to the bathroom before we started making love. Before I knew it, she
  kicked the covers off and got herself into a sixty-nine position with me. She
  started rubbing her pubic hair in my face all the while furiously licking mine.
  The more she licked the more my bladder began to ache. I kept on licking her
  juice and darting my tongue in and out of her vagina trying to ignore my now
  burning bladder. Finally Kristen started to cum. Soon after, so did I.  
 I felt as if I would loose control of my urine at any second as I started
  to slide out of the bed. &quot;Where are you going?&quot; Kristen asked. &quot;I
  gotta piss right now.&quot; was all I could say as I started for the bathroom.
  Before I knew what was happening, Kristen jumped in front of me blocking my
  way. &quot;No you don't.&quot; she said. &quot;You're my slave today and you'll
  go to the bathroom when I tell you and not before.&quot; Shit. I did vaguely
  remember agreeing to be her slave, but I thought she only meant it was my turn
  with the whip. &quot;But you don't understand,&quot; I told her as I danced
  from one foot to the other trying to hold it in, &quot;I'm gonna piss right
  here on the floor if you don't let me go.&quot;  
 &quot;Okay,&quot; she replied, &quot;but as my slave you will have to do

  something for me first.&quot;  
 &quot;Make you cum?&quot; she wanted me to bring her to another climax before
  she would let me piss! I wasn't sure I liked this slave bullshit. Oh well,
  I did agree to it, I hope she cums real fast. Having thought I was going to
  relieve myself had made my situation even worse. My bladder now throbbed unmercifully
  as I climbed back up on the bed. To make things worse, Kristen insisted on
  another sixty nine, this time with me on top. I was quietly begging that I
  could get her off quickly as I painfully moved into position. Why the fuck
  was I letting this little bitch give me orders? I might have asked her that
  if not for remembering the beating I gave her last time. Besides, in a way
  I guess I asked for it when I agreed to be her slave for a day.  
 That little saying of my Dad's came to mind again. You know, brain in gear
  before dumping clutch, yea, that one.  
 I began licking Kristen's already wet pubic hair. I tried to concentrate
  on what I was doing but Kristen, for some reason, seemed to be trying everything
  she could think of to agitate my already painful bladder. I did everything
  I could think of to bring her to orgasm for what seemed like hours before she
  finally started to cum. As she started to cum, she buried her face in my crotch
  and wrapped her arms around my back and started to squeeze. I felt like I would
  explode. I dug my fingers into the bedspread gritted my teeth against the knife-like
  pains tearing through my tortured bladder. Finally she released her grip and
  I literally dove from the bed. I could feel the hot piss spraying on my legs
  as I straddled the toilet. I wondered to myself as I sat there if Kristen knew
  just how close she had come to me pissing all over her face. You know, if I
  didn't know better, I'd almost say that was what she was trying to make me
  do.  
 After we both had a shower I suggested we have breakfast before we do anything
  else. I also told Kristen she could cook the bacon. Sometimes personal revenge
  can be so sweet. Kristen knew little about cooking so I emphasized she should
  cook the bacon on high and stand close and don't let it burn. I also made sure
  to wash the bacon well so there would be plenty of moisture to cause plenty
  of little hot grease spatters. Sometimes I am so bad I could just hate myself,
  that is, if I didn't have so much fun at it.  
 Breakfast was great, although the bacon was a bit under cooked. Kristen
  insisted we go to the pump house. She was determined that I get my turn to
  be under the lash, so to speak, and this was going to be the day. I believe
  if it wasn't for that feeling of guilt I had for enjoying whipping her so much,
  I would have refused. Although it hadn't snowed yet this year, it was most
  definitely winter and damn cold outside. Too damn cold to be wandering around
  the woods in the nude. I agreed to go to the pump house, and she could do whatever
  she wanted, but I was keeping my clothes on until we got there.  
 &quot;You know,&quot; Kristen said as we started across the field, &quot;you're
  supposed to be my slave today. If I told you to get naked right here you're
  supposed to obey me.&quot;  
 &quot;Don't press your luck.&quot; I replied feeling a little irritated
  at her attitude. I didn't really mind playing the part of her slave, but it
  would be a cold day in hell before I would do it for real. Besides, I didn't
  here her complaining about the coat I loaned her. The temperature wasn't terribly
  cold, about thirty I guessed, but there was a good stiff breeze out of the
  north east that made it feel much colder. At any rate it was cold enough that
  I didn't want to spend any more time naked than was necessary.  
 The closer we got to the pump house the more I thought about my upcoming
  ordeal. It bothered me that Kristen was so adamant about doing this today.
  I did trust her, at least I thought I did, but I also knew I would be helpless
  and totally at her mercy once I was hanging naked from that beam. I also had
  to consider that when she was hanging naked from the beam, she was at my mercy.
  Still, I felt like I was marching to my own execution.  
 The cold wind made the idea of taking my clothes off less and less appealing
  as we came into sight of the old pump house. Also, not wanting to suffer this
  alone, I insisted that Kristen be nude as well. Although I had kept her hanging
  for an hour and a half, and I was sure she intended to make me suffer at least
  as long as I did her, I hoped being completely nude she wouldn't be able to
  stand the cold that long. Hell, I wasn't sure I could stand it that long. I
  mean, I had on jeans, a sweatshirt and a fur lined wind breaker and I was already
  cold. I could always look at the bright side, maybe she forgot the whip. Not.
  Well, at least we wouldn't have to spend an hour getting back to our clothes
  when this was over.  
 As I stood naked and shivering in the pump house waiting for Kristen to
  finish tying my wrists together, it occurred to me that either of us should
  be eligible for a lifetime membership at the state funny farm. I became certain
  of it as I stepped outside and the wind cut across my naked skin like a million
  tiny razor blades. As I felt Kristen's firm breasts pressing on my stomach
  as she hoisted me up I knew I couldn't be crazy. I must like what I'm doing,
  otherwise why would I be getting so wet between my legs. After all, what could
  be a more natural turn on than hanging naked in the freezing wind waiting to
  be horse whipped?  
 I was waiting for Kristen to tie my ankles to a spreader stick when realized
  she had a different plan. She also caught me by surprise when I was about to
  protest this new plan as she slapped a piece of sticky duct tape across my
  mouth. Mmmmmfp. So much for verbal protests. All I could do was watch as she
  tied a long piece of rope to each of my ankles. She then tied the first rope
  to the base of a small nearby tree stretching my leg out and pulling me off
  to one side. It was now clear to me what she was doing, and I'm not sure I
  liked it. She repeated this with the other leg and pulled until my feet were
  a good four feet apart. It wasn't so bad that my legs were spread, except the
  way she had tied them also pulled down, effectively increasing the strain on
  my arms and shoulders. That little word, trust, kept popping into my mind as
  I hung naked and gagged with my legs stretched between two trees. If it had
  been a mistake to trust Kristen, I could end up in deep shit. That thought
  left me as the first lash gave me something else to think about.  
 It became immediately obvious to me that Kristen had used this whip before.
  It was also apparent that there was much about this girl I didn't know. As
  long as we had been classmates I couldn't recall her being close with any of
  the other girls like she now was with me. Yet, I was sure I was far from the
  first to feel that whip of hers. She methodically worked her way first up one
  leg, then the other. It was no mistake the way she had tied my legs, as unlike
  I did with her, she left me no way to recoil from the blows. Even worse, my
  icy-cold skin made the pain much more severe than it normally would have been.
  By the time she was satisfied she had given sufficient attention to my legs
  they felt like they were on fire. Then she started on my upper body. She really
  knew how to use that whip. I was barely able to stand the pain as she worked
  her way up onto my rib cage but when she started on my breasts I thought I
  would go out of my mind. She placed the first lash so that the tip snapped
  at my right nipple. It made my entire breast explode with pain. Before I could
  recover I felt my other tit explode with even more intense pain. This was too
  much. I tried to tell her to stop but my screams couldn't get out. She gave
  me four more and then stopped. I had never even imagined pain like this. The
  screaming pain in my arms and shoulders was nothing compared to the searing
  fire left by the whip. Tears poured down my cheeks as I screamed in vain from
  my gagged mouth for her to let me down. What was she doing now? I could hear
  her working the old pump inside. Gawd, what was she, thirsty?  
 It seemed like forever before Kristen finally came back out. At first I
  couldn't figure what she had been doing then I noticed the water dripping from
  the whip. Why would she put water on the whip? Although my body felt as if
  it were on fire, I was sure the whip hadn't been. &quot;You doing okay?&quot; Kristen
  asked in a mocking sort of way. I tried to tell her &quot;Hell no! Get me the
  fuck down from here!&quot; but I could only make muffled sounds through the
  duct tape. &quot;That's great,&quot; she mocked again, &quot;because I'm going
  to show how a real pussy whipping feels.&quot; I began to realize why the whip
  was wet.  
 Kristen went around behind me to where I couldn't see her. She cracked the
  whip in the air and it sounded like a gun shot. I started to feel like I was
  going to shit myself from the fear of what I knew was coming. I was in no way
  prepared for what came next. Kristen let the whip snap my clit on the first
  swing. I don't think it would have hurt any more if she had torn it from me
  with red hot pliers. She then laid five more deep in my vaginal lips before
  coming around to where I could see her. If I hadn't been so well restrained,
  I'm sure my pain dance would have put Fred Astaire to shame. The little bitch

  then started whipping my pussy from the front. I screamed so much I couldn't
  even hear myself anymore. She must have kept this up until I finally passed
  out because the next thing I remember was waking up still screaming, untied
  and inside the pump house with Kristen wiping my forehead with a damp cloth.  
 I was no longer in control of myself. I belted her square in the nose, knocking
  her to the other side of the room. I had never been a fighter or scrapper but
  all of my pain somehow turned into a rage of which I had no control. Before
  Kristen had time to understand what was happening, I was on top of her punching
  and kicking her in a violent fit of rage the likes of which I'd never felt
  before or even to this day. I had her beaten half into unconsciousness and
  was well on the way to completing the job when she started screaming and crying, &quot;Please,
  no more, Daddy, please don't hit me anymore.&quot;  
 My rage left me as fast as it had came. All the little pieces of the puzzle
  were coming together. I went from a fit of rage to a fit of crying as the meaning
  of what she said in her half conscious state sunk into my brain. I started
  to feel sick as I looked at her curled up on the floor, shaking all over with
  blood dripping from her nose and mouth. I felt lower than a bug and prayed
  someone would step on me. I tried to help her up but she just kicked at me
  and told me to leave her alone. I couldn't really tell if it was more from
  anger or embarrassment that she refused my help, but it was plain I should
  leave her alone for awhile. I covered her with her clothes and both jackets,
  then put on my jeans and sweatshirt and went outside to think while I waited
  to see what Kristen was going to do. I was cold and sore but there was no way
  this side of hell I was going to leave Kristen here alone.  
 My brain was rolling with imagined scenarios of what Kristen's life was
  really like. It was obvious to me that her father beat her, but to what extent?
  Other than stern words, I couldn't remember a time when my dad, well, other
  than a spanking or two, ever lifted a hand to me. I wondered if there was more
  to it than beatings. Kristen had learned to use that whip somewhere. Had she
  learned from him? What a thought.  
 I'm not sure how long I waited before I heard Kristen moving around inside.
  I felt so rotten about what I had done to her I no longer cared about the whipping
  she had given me. Actually, I wished someone would come by and shoot me in
  the head. I was so sore it took a couple of tries to get to my feet but I did
  and went back inside to see if Kristen would even talk to me. She had gotten
  dressed and was trying to wash the dried blood from her face as I walked in. &quot;I'm
  real sorry Kristen, I don't know what happened, I just lost control of myself,
  I guess. Really, I am so sorry.&quot; I said trying to apologize.  
 The response from her wasn't what I expected. &quot;Yea,&quot; she replied
  in a kind of surely tone, &quot;well, if you hadn't caught me by surprise,
  I would have fucked you up.&quot; There was a few moments of silence then Kristen
  cracked a little smile. The flood of relief that came over me made me weak
  in the knees as I gave her a big hug. She let me help her finish cleaning up
  and we started back for home. I may have forgotten about the condition I was
  in with what went on at the pump house, but it all came painfully back to me
  as we started the walk back. I wasn't wearing any underwear and my jeans were
  killing my crotch. I tried walking like John Wayne but that only made it worse.
  Finally I had no choice but to take them off. As soon as I got my jeans off
  I sat down to inspect myself. It was obvious I had been bleeding as my pubic
  hair was stiff with dried blood. Just trying to move the hair aside so I could
  see where the blood was coming from brought tears to my eyes.  
 It was now Kristen's turn to say she was sorry, and she did, many times.
  Nevertheless, I knew I would have to go the rest of the way home bottomless.
  The cold wind stung my legs as we made our way back through the woods. Although
  it still hurt to walk, the cold was far better than trying to wear those tight
  jeans. The problem came when we reached the edge of the woods. I did not want
  to walk across that open field naked from the waist down, and I didn't want
  to put my jeans on either. If I pulled my sweatshirt down enough to cover myself
  then it made me walk with my legs together, and that hurt like hell. Fuck it.
  For the first time in my life I forced myself to ignore my modesty and we walked
  on to the house. It may sound like I'm talking brave, but, as usual, there
  was no one besides Kristen to see me.  
 I stood naked in front of my full length mirror in disbelief at the reflection
  of myself. I looked like something from outer space with all the red welts
  covering my body from head to toe. Damn, I thought, she must have had a field
  day after I passed out. Kristen denied that she had. I also asked about her
  father but she denied that too. I suppose it was none of my business anyway,
  but I was curious and, a bit concerned. No matter, it was my turn for the lotion
  massage.  
 I must give Kristen credit. For as vicious as she was at inflicting pain,
  she was equally as passionate at giving pleasure. The method she came up with
  to massage me with lotion was something I probably would not have thought of
  in a hundred years, but it was fantastic. First she rubbed lotion all over
  my back and legs. She then straddled me on all fours and proceeded to use her
  pubic bush to rub it all in. I know it sounds weird, but it made me cum twice
  before she even finished my back. Actually, I think my second orgasm was from
  the anticipation of her doing my front. In fact, after she started my front,
  I knew it was. After rolling me over, she again covered me with lotion. She
  then started at my feet, rubbing her thick bush up and down my legs until all
  the lotion was massaged in. Every once in awhile she would press herself down
  to give herself a little stimulation as well. I could feel yet another orgasm
  building inside me as she massaged my hips and then began to rub her hair on
  my stomach. I don't even know how to describe the feeling, but I was cuming
  again by the time she started to rub her bush across my erect nipples. Kristen
  continued to tease my nipples and I kept cuming and cuming until my body felt
  completely drained of energy. I felt like I was in some sort of dreamland where
  everything was perfect. I could see stars and colors and I never wanted to
  leave. Gawd, I felt good.  
 It must have been real good because when I did come back it was dark outside.
  What time was it? I had that unexplainable sinking feeling you get when you
  think you overslept and missed something important. You know, like you were
  supposed to pick up the President at the airport three hours ago, or your parents
  are due home and the dead body is still in the kitchen. I soon realized I missed
  nothing important, but where was Kristen? The clock said nine. I knew it wasn't
  morning, unless we were having an eclipse, and I was sure I'd have heard about
  it if one was planned. So what happened to Kristen? I looked all through the
  house. No Kristen. I couldn't believe she would just take off without saying
  anything. Feeling between my legs, I realized she had put lotion on me there.
  She must have done it after I fell asleep. Funny that didn't wake me up. Maybe
  she left a note somewhere. I started looking for one.  
 After an exhaustive search of the house, I finally found her note in the
  most unlikely place imaginable. Stuck under the pillow I was sleeping on. What
  a crazy place to leave a note. She explained that I looked so peaceful and
  happy she didn't want to wake me, but that she had to get home and she would
  call me later. What did she mean by later? Later that night? Later that week?
  Later on in life? Hell, why be specific, I'll just set around and wait. I thought
  about calling her house but after the last time, I wasn't sure I was up to
  playing twenty questions with her family only to be told she was busy or something.
  Fuck it. I turned off the ringer on the phone and went back to bed. I could
  check the answer machine in the morning.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Four-teen  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 The steady unblinking light on the answer machine the following morning
  trashed any guilt I might have been feeling for not waiting for Kristen to
  call. However, it bothered me that I didn't know what was making her act so
  weird lately. At any rate, dwelling on it wasn't going to do any good, so I
  did my best to put it out of my mind, for now.  
 I didn't see Kristen for the rest of the fall vacation. When I did see her
  the following Monday at school she would barely speak to me. It was at this
  point I thought it best to end whatever relationship we had. Perhaps it was
  that I had always been sort of a loner, but I just didn't have the tolerance
  for whatever kind of mind games she was into. I also believe this experience
  helped me to understand how people could get into one of those love/hate relationships
  if they didn't see it coming and put a stop to it. Besides, as much as I had
  enjoyed making love with Kristen, I felt like it may be time for a little male
  companionship for a change. The majority of the boys in my senior class comprised
  two distinct types. There were the agricultural type who would be perfectly
  comfortable going someplace in a tuxedo as long as they could wear their manure
  covered boots. Then there were the scientific type. Most of these guys were
  about as exciting as a case of chicken pox, unless of course you were also
  the scientific type, then I guess they could be a ton of fun. I didn't fit
  into either of these categories. Actually, at that time I wasn't sure there
  was a category for someone like me.  
 You may think me unreasonably picky when I tell you that out of my entire
  class there were only three boys who I would consider having sex with. However,
  before you pass judgment, look at the facts. Fact one, between the shit kickers
  and the computer nerds there was little to choose from. Fact two, just because
  I was raised in farm country doesn't mean I have an automatic calling to live
  my life as a farm wife with ten gazillion screaming kids underfoot. Fact three,
  although I will probably never make the cover of Vogue, I'm for certain not
  bad to look at and with the exception of my smallish tits, I've got a body
  to die for. Fact four, I really don't mind being alone. Fact five, well, there
  is always Kristen.  
 Unfortunately, of the three I mentioned, only one had ever shown any genuine
  interest in me. And, as you might suspect, he would probably have been my third
  choice, had all three been available to me. His name was Paul Carter. Paul
  was, I guess, sort of a cross between a computer nerd and a James Dean type.
  He was the kind of guy who blended in with whatever was going on at the time.
  Actually, I think what I'm trying to say is, he looked just as comfortable
  in a three piece suit as he did in greasy jeans and an old t-shirt while riding
  his old pan head Harley. I might also mention that he was the only one who
  didn't have a steady girl friend at the time, and, he was the only one of the
  three who had actually asked me out more than once. Of course, the fact that
  both Jason and Carl had been going steady with their own girls at the time
  they asked me out may have had something to do with it. Paul seemed a little
  surprised when I approached him with my offer to take him up on the date that
  I had previously turned him down on. Actually, I half expected to get the same
  treatment I had given him, but such was not the case. In fact, once he got
  over his apparent disbelief, he seem genuinely pleased with the idea. He told
  me that he was going to be tied up all week, but he invited me to go with him
  to a biker bash he was going to on the weekend. Sounded good to me. He did
  say however, it hinged on the weather. He said we could always put on enough
  clothes to stay warm on the ride but even he wasn't crazy enough to ride his
  Harley in a snow storm. I spent the rest of the week hoping it wouldn't snow.  
 My luck held up all week. In fact, a warm front was forecast for the weekend
  with temperatures up to fifty degrees for Saturday and Sunday. I told my dad
  about my plans on Friday night and was a bit surprised when he insisted that
  Paul pick me up at our house because he wanted to talk with him before he would
  let me go. Knowing my dad, there would be no big deal. He probably just wanted
  to show Paul his gun collection and impress on him that he would get a closer
  look at it if anything bad was to happen to me. I was right. As we started
  out the driveway on Saturday morning, Paul commented on how nice the collection
  was. Somehow the phrase &quot;warm front&quot; takes on a new meaning when
  you are doing sixty on a motorcycle. It was more like if you wanted to be warm,
  make sure someone was in front of you. Fortunately, it was only about an hours
  ride to the next county where the biker bash was to take place. It is also
  amazing how warm fifty degrees feels when the motorcycle finally stops.  
 I was totally fascinated with this new experience. I had never been to anything
  even close to a biker bash and I also never expected to see as many weird people
  as there was here. Actually, I didn't realize there were this many weird people
  in the whole state.  
 What was even stranger, Paul seemed to know a lot of these people. Paul
  introduced me to a bunch of people that morning, most of which had names like &quot;Spike&quot; or &quot;Dirt
  Bag&quot; and one I especially remember called himself &quot;Word Monger&quot; I
  guess because he wrote for some motorcycle magazine or something. Weird but
  mostly friendly people. There I go again, calling other people weird, like
  I'm so normal. We spent most of the day checking out all the various displays
  and what not just wandering around the whole area. Paul was very attentive,
  and although all this was new to me, I had a feeling I could really get into
  this kind of life-style. Paul and I were also invited to a private party that
  evening, shit, I thought were already at the party. That may have been what
  I thought then, but that night would show me what a real party was.  
 Everything was pretty much over by five o'clock so Paul suggested we go
  to where the party was going to be before it got much colder. I agreed, but
  told him I needed to call my dad and let him know we were going to be late.
  I told my dad I didn't know what time we would be home and he only said to
  be careful and that he would be home if I needed him for anything. You know,
  it's an awfully good feeling to have a parent who trusts me the way my dad
  did. I do so love that man.  
 It took us about a half hour to get to the party location. I was totally
  shocked at how beautiful a house it was considering what all the people looked

  like that were milling about both inside and out. I asked Paul whose house
  it was and he said it belonged to the president of one of the local bike clubs
  and he also owned the Harley shop. That figures.  
 I was glad to see that Paul felt about the same as me when it came to drinking.
  Although most people disagree, I can have a much better time at a party sober
  than I can drunk. And this was a party. Things were getting pretty wild by
  around ten o'clock as I started to notice a few of the girls who were drunk
  enough had shed their clothes and were just walking around nude. I couldn't
  imagine how they could do it, but deep down I sort of envied them for their
  lack of modesty. Actually, I think what bothered me most was the way they were
  showing off their bodies. Hell, my body was in better shape than any of them.
  But then I didn't have the guts to do what they were doing, or did I?  
 It was along about midnight when a bunch of the guys decided what the party
  really needed was a beauty contest. Everyone seemed to agree as there were
  about thirty girls so there would be plenty to choose from. I even started
  to get excited about it until I realized it was going to be a nude beauty contest.
  Even if I was able to go through with it, how would Paul feel? I am definitely
  not used to drinking, and maybe it was just the three or four beers I had drank,
  but I wanted to be in the beauty contest. To my surprise, Paul thought I should
  too. He actually said he would be proud of me if I entered. &quot;But Paul,&quot; I
  said, &quot;how could you be proud of me when I would be naked in front of
  all these people. I mean, you've never even seen me nude.&quot; &quot;Listen
  babe,&quot; he replied, &quot;just the fact that you have the guts to get naked
  is enough to make me proud. Besides, I've been wanting to see how you look
  naked for a long time.&quot; Hearing that made me both embarrassed and excited
  at the same time. It may have been the beer, it may have been the party, or
  maybe it was just that this was something I needed to do for myself, but I
  decided to go for it. Of course the fact that other than Paul, I knew no one
  else here, had a lot to do with it too.  
 After eliminating the girls that either didn't want any part of it, or were
  to drunk to comprehend what was going on, there were twenty-two contestants.
  The rules were simple. The judges were everyone that cared to judge. All the
  contestants would be fully clothed for the first round. Each girl was to stand
  on the pool table to be judged. The judges would rate each contestant on a
  scale of one to ten. The girls that received an average of five or higher would
  get to go on to the next round of elimination. Like I said the first round
  was clothed. The next was to be topless and the third and however many successive
  rounds it took to determine a winner, the girls would be totally nude. One
  at a time we took our turn on the pool table amidst the whistles and cat calls
  to be judged. Actually, I was rather amazed at the number of whistles I received
  as I took my turn on display. I'm not sure if I was, but I felt beet red all
  over from the combination of embarrassment and excitement at this public display
  of myself. And I still had all my clothes on.  
 Six girls were eliminated on the first round. I was not one of them however
  my ego was somewhat deflated as I only averaged a six on the scoring. If it
  hadn't been for Paul's encouragement, I think I would have quit right then.  
 All the contestants then stripped from the waist up. I was embarrassed almost
  to tears as I had to absolutely force myself not to cover my naked breasts
  as I stood waiting my turn on the pool table. I studied the other contestants
  as I waited, noting that only two had tits as small as mine. One thing in my
  favor though, my nipples were much more perfectly shaped and definitely longer.
  I was also a bit surprised, and very pleased, that Paul seemed to ignore everyone
  else's bare breasts except mine. I really did hope he liked how I looked. It's
  funny how sometimes your feelings make absolutely no sense. As embarrassed
  as I was with only my top off, I found myself looking forward to getting completely
  naked just so Paul could see all of me.  
 Finally it was my turn on the pool table. As I walked across the table,
  I felt so naked in front of all these people yet I was also terribly excited
  at doing it. Also, if the whistles and cat calls were any indication, I must
  look okay even with small tits. Even so, I did my best to accent what I had
  and even summoned enough courage to tweak my erect nipples a couple of times
  before getting off the pool table. I'm pretty sure it helped my score because
  this time around I averaged an eight. This round eliminated four more girls,
  leaving twelve for the third round. By the way, two of the four were the ones
  with breasts like mine so I know my nipples made the difference. Also, I was

  beginning to lose some of my embarrassment. I think the fact that Paul couldn't
  keep his eyes off me had a lot to do with it because just knowing he liked
  what he saw was making me hot.  
 The entire party was glowing with the excitement of seeing the twelve of
  us completely nude. Two hours ago if someone had told me I would be taking
  my clothes off in front of a crowd of strangers, I'd have said they were fucking
  nuts, and here I was doing just that. I had finally overcame my foolish modesty.
  It was actually a feeling of relief as I stood next to Paul, totally and completely
  nude for all to look at. &quot;You are gorgeous beyond anything I imagined.&quot; Paul
  whispered in my ear. If not for this contest I could have fucked him right
  there on the floor his words made me feel so good. That's okay, I could wait.  
 I continued to check out my competition as I waited my turn. There were
  some really good looking girls among the twelve now showing themselves completely
  nude. I was however, for certain the most girl-next-door-type of the group.
  I wore little make-up and with my tattoo-free body and natural bush I looked
  nothing like some of these biker babes. Finally it was my turn to strut my
  stuff.  
 I still couldn't believe I was really doing this as I climbed onto the pool
  table. One part of me wanted to cover myself up and run away in shame, yet
  another, more powerful part wanted to show myself off to these cheering party
  people. And this I did. I let them see every private part of my naked body.
  Strangely enough, it made me proud hearing them shout compliments about my
  lean young body. There was one more girl to cross the table after me and they
  started the scoring.  
 When the judges finished they announced a tie. Actually, it was a three-way
  tie. I didn't think there was any way I could have been one of the winners,
  so I nearly fell over when I found that of the three to get a perfect ten,
  one was me. The other two were both biker looking gals, hard looking I thought,
  but very attractive nonetheless. I began to wonder what they would do to break
  the tie.  
 It became apparent that the two biker babes had had this problem before
  as they suggested solving the problem same as last time. &quot;That's fine
  by us,&quot; replied one of the judges, &quot;but that method might be a bit
  rough on the new girl.&quot; I hated being referred to as the &quot;new girl&quot;,
  nevertheless I wondered what they had in mind. &quot;Your name's Carolyn, right?&quot; one
  on the judges asked. &quot;That's right.&quot; I replied. &quot;Well, here's
  the deal,&quot; he explained, &quot;these two bimbo's, I mean ladies, tied
  the last time we did one of these contests. Being the piss sluts they are,
  they settled the contest by which one had the highest tolerance for holding
  their piss after taking a couple of my old lady's water pills. Now, I realize
  this may not be to your liking, and you tied with them fair and square, so,
  if you got a better idea we're listening.&quot; Paul started to protest this
  idea but I motioned for him to forget it. I figured when it came to holding
  my piss I had as good a chance to win as did they did, so I agreed.  
 &quot;Then that settles it.&quot; remarked the judge, &quot;You gals go
  empty your bladders so as everyone starts even then each of you take two of
  these here pills. They work real fast so it shouldn't take long to see who
  wins. By the way, you three get to stay naked so as we all can enjoy this too.&quot; I
  hadn't considered that part but what the hell, everyone there had now seen
  me nude, what was another hour or so.  
 Fast was a bit of an understatement because within fifteen minutes I was
  ready to piss up a storm. I wondered if the pills had worked as fast on my
  competition as I watched the two of them playing pool with some of the guys.
  It didn't look like it as they jumped up and down flapping their boobs around
  every time one of them sank a ball. Paul kept asking me how I was doing and
  I would tell him fine, but in reality, my bladder was starting to ache pretty
  bad. This sure was a weird way to settle a tie in a beauty contest, but these
  were sort of weird people so, I guess that makes it not so weird. Right?  
 By the time thirty minutes had ticked by I began to think I actually might
  lose this deal. I had never had any experience with water pills but if they
  worked the same for everybody I couldn't imagine how those other two gals could
  still be jumping around. My bladder ached all the way from my belly button
  to my butt hole to the point where I was almost afraid to walk, much less jump.
  I sat on the couch and started making out with Paul trying to get my mind off
  my aching bladder. Actually, I wished this would get over with so Paul and
  I could go somewhere private. This new experience of showing myself off nude
  had made me really fucking horny. I really didn't think I would ever have the
  guts to show my nude body to a room full of strangers, but now that I had,
  I found I was really turned on knowing they were looking at every inch of my
  young body and enjoying what they saw.  
 It had been almost an hour when I began seriously considering giving up.
  Making out with Paul had helped for a while, but when Paul had got a little
  carried away and started playing with my pubic hair, I almost pissed all over
  his hand as well as the couch. I was just about to concede when everyone started
  cheering. I almost couldn't believe what was going on, but one of the biker
  babes was standing over by the pool table, laughing and pissing right on the
  floor.  
 &quot;One down, one to go.&quot; one of the judges hollered out. How fucking
  gross, I thought to myself. It was now between myself and this other girl named
  Sharon. I still wasn't very optimistic about my chances of winning because
  unless Sharon gave up in the next few minutes I didn't believe I'd have any
  choice. My bladder hurt so fucking bad I was almost afraid to move.  
 &quot;Come on you two lovely ladies, get back up on the pool table so we
  can all watch the end of this match.&quot; suggested one of the judges. I began
  to see just what these jerks really wanted. I had thought that one of us would
  give in and then head for the bathroom but that wasn't how this game was played.
  It was pretty obvious that Sharon and I were supposed to stand on the pool
  table until one of us lost control and put on a piss show for the audience.
  I also no longer wondered why the cloth on the pool table was so discolored
  or why no one seemed to mind when that other chick pissed all over the floor.  
 Even with Paul helping me up on the pool table, I could feel myself starting
  to drip. My swollen bladder burned like fire with sharp stinging pains shooting
  down to my vagina. I thought I must be out of my mind for going through all
  this agony for a stupid bikers beauty contest. I managed to stand it for about
  another fifteen minutes before the pain became too much even for me but when
  I tried to piss I found that I couldn't. I guess the thought of not only being
  naked but also relieving myself in this public display wouldn't allow me to
  let it go. I tried desperately to hide my distress but the more I tried to
  piss the worse the pain became.  
 I knew if I could only get my mind off the fact I was standing nude on top
  of a pool table being watched by a couple of dozen people I'd be able to piss.
  I tried to think of something else but with all the people cheering me and
  Sharon on it was not easy. By the looks of Sharon, I'd guess she was hurting
  probably as bad as I was and the fact that we were both now glistening from
  perspiration was exciting everybody even more. Whatever. At this point all
  I cared about was stopping this unbelievable pain. I thought maybe if I masturbated
  a little I might relax enough to let it go, but I didn't think I could bring
  myself to do that in front of all these people. I mean, the fact I had gone
  this far was something right out of Ripley's.  
 No matter. I was too desperate to worry about it now. I closed my eyes and
  started to finger myself slowly. I felt like crawling into one of the pool
  table pockets when everyone began cheering me on. The cheering made it worse.
  Every time I would touch myself it would make my bladder spasm with pain but
  still no piss would come out. It was then I noticed Sharon was masturbating
  also. I began to relax a little seeing this along with the fact she was really
  trying to put on a show. She was leaning back and fingering her exposed clitoris
  back and forth as fast as she could when without warning a big stream of hot
  piss sprayed from her pussy, covering the people who had gathered around her
  for a better look. Seeing that was all it took to finally get me going. I just
  stood with my eyes closed and my arms at my sides as my piss splattered on
  my bare legs while my bladder emptied. It then occurred to me I had actually
  won the contest. Purely by chance too, because if I hadn't locked up when I
  tried to piss I would have been the loser. Not bad.  
 It was pretty clear pool playing was over for the night as Paul helped me
  down from the piss soaked pool table. At least that's what I thought until
  I noticed two rather drunk couples racking the balls on the wet cloth. To each
  their own, I guess. As for me, I was glad to get my clothes back on, although
  I did feel good about what I had done. Having finally been able to break that
  psychological modesty barrier was a far greater triumph than was winning this
  silly assed beauty contest. And the fact that all this made Paul more proud
  of me was icing on the cake.  
DIARY OF CAROLYN  
Chapter Fif-teen  
Copyright 1997  
Skull Duggery  
This is a work of fiction  
 Paul and I spent the night in one of the spare bedrooms. I'm not sure if
  it was because I won the contest or if the guy that owned the house was just
  real accommodating, but it sure beat freezing our asses off riding the motorcycle
  home. Besides, I'd been waiting all evening to find out what it would be like
  to make love to Paul. The only downside was those damn water pills. It seemed
  like I had to go about every ten minutes. Actually, I was wondering if I'd
  end up pissing out all the water in my body and then dry up and blow away like
  those mummies do in the horror flicks. Paul thought it was rather comical,
  but when I offered to get some pills for him, he quit laughing.  
 Paul had had plenty of time watching me parade around in the buff but now
  it was my turn to see what he looked like. Paul went on to the bedroom while
  I made another trip to the bathroom for what I hoped would be the last time
  for awhile anyway. When I got back to the bedroom, Paul was already butt naked
  laying on the bed. So far I wasn't at all disappointed. Paul had a good build
  for an eighteen year old guy. He didn't look like a body builder or anything,
  but he was lean and well proportioned. Considerably above average in my opinion.
  Anyway, it didn't take me long to shed my clothes and join him.  
 I was horny as hell and had been for quite a while so even if he had been
  butt ugly it probably wouldn't have mattered right then anyway. At any rate,
  we were still at it when the sun began it's climb up the eastern sky that morning.  
 My dad was a bit pissed off when we showed up at ten o'clock Sunday morning.
  Paul hadn't forgotten the gun collection and was real concerned about what
  my dad might do. It turned out all right because he was actually more pissed
  at me for not calling and telling him we'd be out all night than he was at
  Paul. Nevertheless, Paul opted to leave telling me he'd see me in school the
  next day. That worked for me because after no sleep for twenty-four hours all
  I was interested in was a hot bath and dreamland.  
 I fell asleep thinking about my new experiences and feeling good at having
  broken down some of my mental barriers. It's not that I wanted to run around
  being Carolyn the carefree nudist or anything, but I was pleased with myself
  knowing that I now could.  
 I swear I didn't know anyone except Paul at that party but by Monday morning
  the whole school knew I'd won the Miss Nude Piss Slut contest in the next county.
  Gawd, what's next? Pictures, book offers, movie rights? Paul was dead. By nine
  o'clock I had already sliced off every one of his fingers in the paper slicing
  machine. I had cut out his tongue and burned his eyes out with a red hot iron
  rod. I had used a rusty hacksaw to cut off his balls and then pulled his prick
  out with vise grips then twisted it until it tore from his body spraying blood
  like an open fire hose. I then poured gasoline over the dirty bastard and set
  him on fire. That will teach the no good cocksucker to flap his jaws about
  me. Now that I had all that straight, all I had to do was find him.  
 &quot;Carolyn! I swear I never said anything to anybody about Saturday night!&quot; was
  the feeble lie that spewed from his lips when I finally cornered him.  
 &quot;Oh yea!&quot; I screamed in his face, &quot;Then how come everybody
  knows about it?&quot;  
 &quot;I don't know baby, but it didn't come from me. You've known me here
  in school for a long time. Have you ever heard me brag to anyone about anything,
  ever?&quot; He was right. Paul really wasn't the type to huddle with the boys
  and detail his activities. If not him, then who?  
 I sort of muddled my way through classes the rest of the day trying to think
  of who would have seen me strutting my stuff on Saturday night. I do have to
  give Paul his due for putting a stop to the snide comments I was getting. After
  he jacked Andy Preston's jaw up for yelling &quot;Take it all off baby,&quot; everyone
  else took the hint and shut up. Who the hell could it be? I thought about it
  constantly for the next two days going over in my mind every face I could remember
  seeing but with no results.  
 When I woke up on Thursday morning I was still a bit angry over the deal,
  but I was also a lot horny. Maybe it was just that it had been awhile, or maybe
  I was pissed at myself, but I had a real desire to self inflict some big-time
  torture that morning. As I was considering several options I noticed it was
  snowing. A fucking blizzard no less. That would insure no school and I was
  off Friday anyway. I was really in the mood for some heavy duty shit so, what
  could be worse than a trip to the pump house naked in a blizzard. Add some
  nipple clamps and weights and that ought to get whatever is bothering me out
  of my system. Don't you think?  
 I considered the fact that since it was snowing, it wouldn't be dangerously
  cold. Probably around thirty or so. At any rate I figured it would be cold
  enough so that I would be painfully cold before I was back and that's exactly
  what I wanted. I'll probably never really understand why I get feelings like
  I do where I want to make myself scream with pain and discomfort but as long
  as it never gets to the point where I maim or kill myself in the process, I
  figure what's to understand. I gathered up a few of my little toys and decided
  to wear only my boots and knee length coat since I was going to get naked as
  soon as I got to the woods. I figured why bother with anything else.  
 It couldn't have been snowing long as there was only about an inch on the
  ground and as hard as it was coming down, it wouldn't take much time to accumulate
  that much. It was a little colder that I had expected but that was fine with
  me. I really wanted to suffer and just thinking how bad it was going to be
  once I was nude was making me even hornier than I already was.  
 As soon as I got into the woods I shed my coat. There was almost no breeze
  and it was for certain going to be cold enough for the day to be just what
  I wanted. Painful. The below-freezing air made my normally pronounced nipples
  jut out even further as I connected my steel nipple clamps tightly onto them.
  I had also brought along a length of coarse rope which I tied around my waist
  and then through my crotch. Making sure the waist rope couldn't slide down,
  I then tightened the crotch rope so that it dug deep into my vagina for a little
  added discomfort. It felt all right now, but I figured once I started walking
  it wouldn't take long for the rope to rub me raw enough to be real painful.
  I then attached a sixteen ounce weight to each nipple clamp and after a couple
  of minutes of gritting my teeth while the initial sharp pain subsided, I went
  about the final part of my plan. I pulled a set of hand cuffs from my duffel
  bag and made sure I had the key. I then cuffed my wrists together behind my
  back leaving the key in my duffel. This final item would insure that I could
  do nothing to relieve my torment until I got back and got the key.  
 The snow was coming down even harder as I began my walk. The big flakes
  stung at my skin as they landed and melted. My skin was still warm enough to
  melt the snow flakes but with the moisture they produced I knew that wouldn't
  be the case long. My teeth were chattering like a woodpecker and the two pounds
  of weight hanging from my nipples hurt like hell but I was enjoying every minute
  of it. By the time I was half way to the big rock my crotch rope felt like
  it had grown to twice it's original size. For all I knew maybe it had as I
  was excited to the point I was producing a fair amount of juice. Even so, I
  kept plodding along keeping in mind that for every step forward, I would have
  the same number to endure before I could get back to where I had stashed the
  hand cuff key.  
 By the time the big rock came into view, walking was becoming more and more
  painful. The rope had become wet enough to where it was sliding back and forth
  with every step scraping it's coarse fibers on my now raw pussy. The snow was
  no longer melting on my naked skin but I was chilled to the bone. I decided
  to rest by the big rock for a few minutes and take stock of my situation. I
  needed to decide if I should continue or turn back.  
 I had left myself virtually helpless by cuffing my hands behind me and although
  I felt a real need to inflict as much pain as I could stand on myself, I certainly
  didn't want it to prove fatal. As I leaned against the rock common sense told
  me that no matter how bad the pain got, I could probably force myself to endure
  it long enough to get back. The cold however, was a different matter. I had
  spent a little more than an hour totally nude in about twenty-nine degree weather
  and if I continued on to the pump house that would be another hour. I felt
  sure I could stand it that far but once there I would be looking at another
  two hours getting back. I considered jogging to reduce the time as well as
  provide some body heat but between the crotch rope and nipple weights I knew
  that to be impractical. Also the snow was falling even harder. With everything
  considered, I started back.  
 It was both a strange and wonderful feeling being all alone and naked walking
  through the winter woods in a blizzard. Everything was dead silent except for
  the sound of my feet shuffling through the new fallen snow. If not for the
  burning pain in my crotch and the sharp stabs of pain in my breasts as the
  two lead weights swung about occasionally banging into each other, I could
  have let my mind wander into an unconscious haze along with the pristine beauty
  of my surroundings. I must have been in some sort of haze as the next thing
  I knew I had tripped on something covered by the snow and was falling face
  first to the ground.  
 I let out a scream heard only by the millions of tiny snowflakes as the
  forward motion of my fall caused the weights to drag in the snow pulling on
  my nipple clamps making them ratchet to the point of what felt like they had
  crushed my nipples. With my hands cuffed behind me I had no choice but to roll
  over on my back to get back on my feet. Both of my nipples felt as if someone
  was holding a lighted match under them as I struggled to regain my footing.
  The rope I had running through my crotch tore at my abused labia making it
  feel like it was sawing me in half as I finally got back on my feet. I just
  stood there cursing myself for not paying attention to where I was walking
  and gritting my teeth against the unbearable pain shooting from my nipples
  on through my chest. It was actually bringing tears to my eyes. I then cursed
  myself for cuffing myself helpless.  
 The pain was so intense I was actually becoming desperate trying to think
  of some way to make it stop. Also the cold had gotten to me so much that I
  was shivering uncontrollably adding to the problems I already had. I decided
  to try and slip my wrists over my feet. At least if I could get my hands in
  front of me I would be able to release the clamps. This became a priority as
  instead of the pain subsiding in my breasts, it was getting steadily worse.
  I dreaded having to sit back down in the cold wet snow but it was the only
  way. Once again the crotch rope dug deeply into me as I sat down lighting fire
  to my raw and swollen flesh. At this point I would have gladly traded my long
  legs for a much shorter pair as I tried to curl myself up enough to get my
  wrists over my feet. As hard as I tried, I couldn't quite make it. The rope
  in my crotch was to tight to allow me to bend myself forward enough even though
  I strained to the point where I thought I would pass out from the pain. After
  three or four tries I was forced to accept the fact that there would be no
  relief until I could get back to the edge of the woods. I managed to get on
  my feet with much pain and difficulty. The pain in my nipples had peaked and
  started to ease up a bit. I don't for the life of me know why as they were
  discolored and squashed flat between the steel clamps. Still in all, I was
  getting more and more turned on by the pain and the fact I was powerless to
  do anything about in for about the next forty five minutes or so. I was freezing
  my ass off and the rope made my crotch burn like fire with every agonizing
  step. Also, I had to piss real bad. At least that was something I could take
  care of.  
 I started to squat to relieve my bladder but as my crotch rope started to
  drag through my raw pussy I cancelled that idea. The thought of spraying piss
  all over my legs while trying to do it standing up was less than appealing
  but somehow inevitable. I managed to lean back against a tree, then spread
  my legs as far as possible. Even so, the rope caused my urine to spray in every
  direction but down. The rope had rubbed me so raw that what I perceived would
  be a relief was actually a labor of agony as my urine burned like fire before
  it landed on my freezing cold legs. However, I gritted my teeth and squeezed
  out as much as I could.  
 As I continued along, my most severe problems were the crotch rope and the
  cold. The pain in my nipples had become tolerable but was offset by my aching
  muscles from my body trying to maintain it's temperature against the winter
  air. Also, the rope running through my pussy folds felt like it was made from
  pieces of broken glass. Still, I plodded along actually becoming more turned
  on with each pain filled step. After what seemed like hours of this torture,
  the edge of the woods came into sight.  

 I collapsed to my knees, exhausted from my ordeal next to my duffel bag
  that held the key to my freedom. Getting it open was to prove a bit more difficult
  than I had anticipated. I had failed to consider that my hands would be numb
  from the cold and working with them behind my back not being able to feel anything
  was making it very difficult to open the zipper. As much trouble as this was,
  I began to wonder how I would be able to use the handcuff key once I had the
  bag open.  
 It took several attempts but I finally managed to open the bag. My next
  problem was finding the key. I had absolutely no sense of feel in my fingers
  as I vainly searched through the bag hoping that by some miracle the keys would
  somehow sense my dilemma and jump into my waiting fingers. Miracles, however,
  only happen to those who believe that fate is somehow controlled by unseen
  forces or as a way to explain away reality that they don't understand. Although
  I do not subscribe to that particular philosophy, after enough movement of
  my bound hands, they regained enough circulation to enable me to finally feel
  the object of my search.  
 At this point I was glad I had taken the time to practice removing the handcuffs
  before I set out on this latest adventure. Otherwise, I doubt if I would have
  been able to free myself in the condition I was in. Although it took several
  tries to get the key into the lock, the feeling of relief that flowed through
  me when the cuffs clicked open was indescribable. After shaking as much circulation
  back into my arms as possible, I opted to first remove the crotch rope. This
  proved to be an exercise in pain tolerance as my ample pubic hair had become
  frozen to much of the rope. Being at the edge of the woods I didn't want to
  take the chance of someone hearing the scream I new I would make when I pulled
  the rope free, I covered my mouth with one hand and tried to prepare myself
  for the inevitable agony that was to come. The fact that my body was numb with
  cold did nothing to ease the pain of ripping my pubic hairs out by the root
  as I screamed into my hand while I pulled the rope from my tortured crotch.
  All I could do was stand there shaking while I built up nerve enough to remove
  the clamps from my nipples. I knew from experience what I was in for when the
  circulation returned after being clamped this tight for this long.  
 END  
 Chapter Fifteen  
 As far as anyone knows,  
Chapter 15 is the last posting by the author.  

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Skull Duggery(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





