BDSM Library - Slavery for Julie




Slavery for Julie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie needed more attention from men. She was seeking ways to satisfy her lust. One wrong move altered her whole life and she was forced to be a common whore.
Slavery for Julie by Golffdude45@aol.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Slavery for Julie


It was a beautiful spring morning. Dew sparkled in the morning sun from lawns to
leaves. The trees were green, full of new life. The flowers of spring scented
the morning air. A ray of sunlight glistened through Julie's auburn hair as it
lay softy about her shoulders. Julie paused as she walked to the car breathing
deeply from the crisp, fresh air. She felt renewed, full of life. Julie loved
life, loved spring, and loved this day.

She and Jordan had married nearly two years ago, she at twenty-four and he at
nearly thirty. Julie had fallen head over heals in love with Jordan almost
instantly. Problem was that Jordan's job was in the next county over. He came
home on weekends, Friday nights to be exact. But that put a strain on their
relationship. Julie got lonely for a man during the week. A phone call or two,
or dildo was just not the same as having Jordan there when she wanted him. And
then there was the budget, maintaining two separate apartments was a real
burden.

They had not made much ground on the couple thing. Both Julie and Jordan had
applied for a transfer immediately after their marriage. Their companies had no
immediate openings. They had decided to wait it out and whoever got their
transfer first would move. Sure they could get other jobs but they would lose
their pay grades, etc. So they decided to tough it out together, yet not really
together.

Julie wore a pale blue spring dress, with little spring flowers patterned about.
The blue of her outfit brought a piercing clarity to her blue eyes. The skirt
was full fluffing about her firm trim legs. Julie work hard keeping herself
trim, firm, in shape a very good shape since she was 15 or 16. She wore a powder
blue lacey bra, front clasped to maintain careful watch over her supple breasts.
Julie took special pride in her breasts. They were firm, youthful, round on the
bottom, and smooth at the top. She wore matching powder blue lace panties
beneath suntan stirrup hose. Jordan liked the hose. The click of her two-inch
white heels echoed in the silent morning.

At twenty-six Julie was very happy. She had a good job, one she loved. It was
exhilarating to sit at her desk knowing that fifteen others depended upon her to
do her job well. Julie liked the responsibility. She liked her co-workers. She
had started seven years ago when the company was much smaller. They had grown
together. It was her niche.

Julie had never really taken much notice of the Janitor until about a month ago.
It was then that she had started down a road that would dramatically change her
future. He was cute, though not spectacular. She had caught him fumbling about
with the wastebasket beside her desk, attempting to look up her skirt, with
quick uneasy glances. It had struck Julie as cute the first time she noticed his
efforts, chuckling quietly to herself as he hurried off. She had slid sideways
in her chair hiking her skirt another inch or so. From then on her wastebasket
never got more than a paper of two before he was there to empty it. Sometimes
three or four times a day. It had become a game for the two of them.

Julie only showed her thighs at first, at little here and there, then a tad
more. He seemed quite pleased with their game. Julie liked it. It added
excitement to her day. She found it increased her excitement to up the ante, be
just a bit more daring. Julie enjoyed showing herself to him, and began looking
forward to starting her mornings with his approval. She began to plan each show
leaving her damp with no man It was fun, but it then too it continually
increased her desires for male gratification. No Jordan.

Julie thought more often about her game. She wanted to please the Janitor more
each time. He was here. He noticed her. He waited and enjoyed her. It made Julie
feel hot, wanton, sexy. She had become much more brazen in the last week. Today
she planned let him look directly up her skirt. But then what? Where would she
go from there? Julie knew, but would not consider the possibilities not today
anyway. Today she knew what she would do

Julie slowly, carefully shaved the bits of stubble from her vulva. Painstakingly
she groomed her twat to a tiny thin brown line running from the top of her clit
to the end of her natural bush. Julie rinsed her glistening pussy. She stood in
front of the mirror examining her sex from every angle with great pride. She sat
in front of her mirror opening, closing, and shifting her posture for exposure.

She was getting very aroused posing for the imaginary Janitor. Her finger found
her dampness. With soft gentle gliding strokes Julie gave herself a moments
comfort and pleasure. She sat relaxed wishing, daydreaming between her husband
and her Janitor a man, she wanted a man right now, almost any man. She stood
from the mirror rummaging for the perfect medium for her display. The lacey
thong touched her fingers. Yes, that was it, and the matching blue tricot bra.
Julie fitted the thong to her form. She returned to her mirror. Good, he would
get the view, her view, of her womanhood. The lace barely hid the folds of her
sensual flesh. Julie was pleased with herself as she dressed for work.

About ten o'clock the Janitor came for the trash. Julie had practiced at her
desk while she waited. She knew exactly what to do what he would see and how to
show it. As he walked down the hall she slipped the bottom of her skirt from
underneath of her legs placing her bare bottom directly upon the leather of her
chair. The cool chair excited her sex. Julie's nipples contracted into hard
accents beneath her bra.

As the Janitor knelt down to the wastebasket Julie moved her left leg sideways
opening a clear viewing area to the treasures she had barely hidden beneath the
lacey thong. Her heart raced. She dared not look at the man. She hoped, no, she
knew that he was admiring her smooth thighs and the flatness of her twat. Her
pale blue panties clung to the form beneath. Julie had worn the thinnest lace
thong she owned. Her swollen vulva showed clearly to the Janitor as he knelt at
her feet. Julie widened his view slightly with only the most minute shift in her
seat. She felt the lace sticking to the dampness between her legs. Julie barely
breathed.

He smiled directly up at her. Julie's heart stopped. His appreciative, approving
look meant everything at the moment. His eyes darted about the office. His hand
glided so slowly, fingertips dancing lightly along the flesh, her flesh. His
touch found her thigh on an inch below her crotch. A fingertip lightly traced
the line of Julie's pussy. She gasped aloud. She did not move. Julie sat frozen
in time and space. His finger glided lightly back and forth along the parting
slit of her sex. Julie could take no more. She closed her eyes closing her
thighs tightly upon her guest's hand. She placed her hand on his arm holding it
still for a long moment. Then releasing his touch from her pussy. His hand slid
quietly along the soft skin of Julie's thigh and from under her dress. Julie
would not open her eyes nor dare she breathe. The Janitor stood and left in
silence. That was more, so much more than Julie had expected. She was about to
explode with fire and nothing to be done, not here, and not now anyway.

After lunch Julie found a simple note attached to the day planner on her desk.
The day planner was open to a day, the day after tomorrow. And at the time
indicating 8:00 PM was written the address that appeared upon the note before
her. Julie crumpled the paper tossing it into the trash. The message was
obvious. Julie looked about her. No one took notice. She looked again, still
nothing. Julie sat down and began working, her mind mulling over the appointment
in her day planner.

Mid-afternoon the Janitor returned. Julie smiled at him. He knelt to the all but
empty wastebasket. Julie looked at him. He waited. Julie scanned the office
area. No one was about. She moved her legs then taking hold of her skirt she
drew it from under her bottom. Her fingers gathered the front slowly into her
hand shortening the hemline slowly. She was very aroused. Julie continued
gathering her skirt stopping just short of the top of her hose. She was fully
exposed to her very appreciative man kneeling before her. He looked up at her.
Julie smiled into his eyes She watched, waited, hoped Yes, his hand found her
thigh. Julie watched him intently this time. His finger reached for the cleavage
in her pussy. Julie held her breath parting her legs slightly wider. His finger
danced along the lace parting her sex. She was wet. Her panties clung to her
sex. He pressed his digit forward pressing her panties into her wanton pussy.
Julie scanned the office, breathing hard. His thumb rolled her clit into his
finger Julie breath shortened. A shudder raced through her body.

"No. Not here," she choked out quietly from between shortened gasps of air. He
with drew from her sex. He looked disappointed. Julie regretted having stopped
him. She seemed almost hurt by his look, but what was to be done here. He left
quietly. Julie smoothed her skirt along her shapely legs returning to her desk
and her responsibilities.

Julie's heart was pounding. She was not focussed enough to attempt to work. She
could feel the moisture clinging to her panties, her breath still short and
choppy. Julie starred at the papers before her feigning work. A masculine hand
placed a crumpled note next to her elbow. Slowly he spread it out smoothing it
flat with the other hand. Julie looked at the paper, then at the Janitor.
Neither spoke a word. It was the address she had discarded earlier. Julie nodded
her head. He turned and left without another word. Nor did he return that day.
In fact, Julie's wastebasket received very little attention through out the next
day. She was quite disappointed. She missed his attentions, his approvals.

Not till the day of the appointment did the Janitor returned to empty her
wastebasket. Julie meant to speak with him. Somehow it seemed inappropriate. He
knelt at her wastebasket as though nothing was different. So maybe it wasn't.
Julie looked long at him before she began to gather her skirt in her hand.
Nothing seemed different today. Julie moved her legs apart. His eyes riveted
upon the smooth snatch in front of him. She had shaved her neatly trimmed pubes
to a shiny bare sensitive pussy again this morning. She was smooth, every
contour and fold clearly visible; beads of passion forming too slowly to be
noticed moistened Julie's labia.

Julie's halting breath unconsciously matched that of the man kneeling before
her. She was bare except for the stirrup hose she had worn this morning. He
starred for a very long minute. No hand caressed her sex this morning. Julie
felt disappointed. She craved his touch, the progression of their game. Finally
Julie smoothed the hemline into place fearing that someone in the office might
take notice. He stood.

"Bring that with you tonight." It was barely a whisper. He left.

Would she keep the appointment? Could she? Dare she? Julie's heart pounded as
she starred at the address written adjacent to 8:00PM today. Her hands became
clammy, cold. Julie barely filled her lungs with air. She was married. She felt
married. She liked being married. Julie fumbled with the band on her left hand.
She starred at the planner. Jordan was gone till Friday night. He would never
ever know. She wanted a man. Had the game gone too far? Julie wanted this man
tonight. Her heart pounded. Her mind whirled about like a tea cup ride at the
fair. Julie stood, walked the cooler, taking a sip of water she stood quietly
clearing her head. Later, much later, she would address this and yet she knew
what she would do deep down in a warm moist place she knew.

The afternoon pasted quickly. By 4:30 Julie was ready to go but where. Julie
fumbled at the page in her day calendar. She dared not take it with her when she
left. If she did well, she knew where she would end up. Julie shut down her
computer terminal and straightened her desk. Her heart raced slightly. She
looked again at the address, paused briefly, retrieved her purse from the top
drawer and snatched the page from her calendar. She could always throw it away
later. Julie pushed the button on the elevator. She starred blankly at the
address in her hand while she waited. It was to a very nice hotel only a few
miles from where she worked. Julie considered...

"It's now about 4:30. That's three and half-hours from now. If I go home I won't
go. If I don't go home I will go."

That was easy, except that she didn't want to go home. There was no one there
and a TV dinner alone was not what she wanted tonight. She wanted sex, hot,
passionate, gratuitous male-fucking sex. Her body lusted, ached for it, craved
it at the moment. Julie could feel her lusts raise to a screaming pitch inside
her. She walked towards her car. Tonight no one greeted her in the car park as
she walked along.

The desires brewing inside her remain totally uninterrupted. Julie pressed the
button on her fob unlocking her car. Her pussy was wet as she sat down behind
the wheel. She leaned her head back closing her eyes struggling to control the
raging emotions within. Julie started the car forcefully steering it towards
home. The road seemed barren, gray. This was not the direction Julie wanted to
drive. In an instant of impulse she pulled into a restaurant parking lot. She
would at least not eat alone tonight.

"How many?" the hostess requested.

"One." Julie's heart sunk at the sound. She followed the hostess in silence.
Julie sat at a small table starring blankly at the menu. What exactly was she
doing?

"Are you ready to order?"

"Yes, a large house salad. And a margarita." Julie fumbled with the menu.

It was nearly six now and two margaritas later. Julie finally paid the tab and
left. She drove towards the hotel. Why? Her loins felt the answer she did not
wish to accept. It was six-thirty as she walked into the hotel bar. Julie sat
alone, again. She ordered a Pina Colada. It was seven by the time she refilled
her glass. Julie looked at the clock on the wall as she watched the patrons mill
about.

Seven-thirty.

She had turned down two offers to buy her a drink. She took out the paper with
the address. Room 312 seven-forty five. Julie drank down the last small bit of
her pina-collada. She motioned to the waitress for the bill. It was truth time.
Julie walked to the lobby, turn right and go home turn left and satisfy the
cravings of her wanton body. Julie's body betrayed her marital judgement. She
pushed the elevator button.

Julie's heart stopped as the doors opened. Julie stepped inside. The ride was
short, the room just three doors down. Julie walked quickly to the door. There
she stopped. Her hand would not move. She starred at the room numbered 312. With
great effort, Julie drew a deep breath, forcing her hand upward. A knock echoed
in her ears. Julie stopped breathing. Her heart usually faithful in the most
extreme crisis failed to beat. Julie stood frozen in time. The doorknob turned.
Julie watched in motionless horror as the knob stopped with a click. The door
creaked open.

The Janitor stood in front of her. His shirt removed, muscles rippled along his
chest and stomach. He was well built. Julie's heart began pounding again. Her
throat dry, coarse, choked on words.

"Hello. Come in." His voice was low, quiet, and masculine.

"Hi." Julie winced. She sounded sheepish and shy, not at all the brazen bold
wench she had demonstrated at work. Julie stepped into the room. It was a hotel
room with beds, an end table, and dresser. Julie felt uneasy. Sure she had been
in hotel rooms, much like this one. What to do now, where to sit, what to say
Julie stood in silence.

The Janitor stepped forward placing a soft gentle kiss upon her lips. Julie
returned the kiss, but not too eagerly. He took her hand walking her between the
beds.

"Here I am in charge. You are mine tonight." The words sounded uneventful, full
of desire. Julie sat down. He sat next to her. His hand found her shoulder. He
kissed her again. Julie was relaxing, warming up to the moment. The alcohol
numbing her good sense. His hand slipped along her shoulder. A large firm hand
engulfed her breast. Julie's thighs blushed. Her sex warmed. Her heart racing as
they kissed. She willingly lay back upon the bed. In another few minutes of
passion Julie lay naked upon the bed, he kissing her body. Julie was wet, ready
for sex.

He took a small length of rope from the end table between the beds. Julie with
drew her hand.

"What?" Julie looked concerned.

"Here I am the Master. Will you give me your hand or not?"

Julie extended her hand upward to the Janitor, her new Master. Slowly,
sensuously he tied her wrist to the headboard. Julie had never played games like
this with Jordan. She was fascinated, aroused by the sense of constraint to his
will. He kissed his way from her breast to her thigh, then tied her ankle to the
bottom of the bed rail. Julie tugged softly upon the two cotton ropes. They were
very snug. She could move little. Julie giggled.

"I like this," Julie spoke lustily.

"Good. So do I." She lay patiently while he finished tying off her other wrist
and ankle. Julie was bound firmly to the bed. She tugged at the ropes. She lay
spread eagle before her lover.

"What's next?" she chided. "Fuck me now." Julie was ready.

"You will not speak to me unless I give you permission. Do you understand?"
Julie looked puzzled. He stroked her pussy softly as he spoke.

"Yes."

"And you will address me as Master." He rolled Julie's nipples gently between
his thumb and finger. He pressed more firmly, slowly increasing the pressure
upon her nipples. Julie winced at the pressure upon her nipples as her pussy
gushed with passions.

"Yes, Master." Julie felt the crushing pressure upon her nipple relax. She
missed it. It felt strangely good to have the pressure shooting through her
nipple. Julie liked being submissive to this man. He was passionate, attentive,
and gently in control of her. She was bound and very much liked the feelings of
submission. She tugged lightly at her restraints. It was new. Julie's passions
were very aroused at her own helplessness before her lover, her Master.

He took out a silky scarf lifting her head he tied a gag into her mouth. Julie
muffled another plea. She was inaudible. He sat at her waist, his hand massaging
her thighs and smooth moist twat. Julie closed her eyes completely absorbing the
sensations of the moment. Her mind totally possessed by her own passions, her
body by her new Master.

His fingers rolled her clit lightly. Julie caught her breath. Her passions
building. His kisses sucked softly upon her nipples. Julie held her breath as he
mounted her. Julie struggled to meet his motion. The restraints held her firm.
She felt frustration. She felt an increase of her own desires to please, to
satisfy Him. She felt controlled by this Man. His manhood pleased her sex. Julie
felt a tear trickle along her eye-lid. A slow intense orgasm was building. Julie
could do nothing to help or prevent it so she focussed herself, more completely
than she had ever known upon the sensations of her own sex. Julie's sex became
the center of her world as his manhood moved within her body. She felt a shudder
of passions run from her center.

Julie could not move to respond to it, to prevent it, nor to help it. She
groaned focussing even more deeply upon the sensations of her own body. Julie
came in long slow thunderous rolling waves. She savored each, cherished each as
she had never before, passions over shadowed by nothing. Her mind sought more
detail of each sensation. His manhood engorged within the center of her body.
Julie felt everything. He pulsed, thrusting forward. Julie opened her womb to
receive each pulse of his hot jism. She tightened her pussy about his manhood
consciously milking drawing him into her passions.

He lay still upon her bosom, fondling and caressing her breast. Julie felt such
a complete gratification from this Man's sex, as she had never known. He stood
from her. Her lover, her Master showered and dress as Julie lay naked upon the
bed. She lay before him bound, seeping of his sex.

"I am your Master. From this day on you will not wear panties to work. You will
maintain your sex just as it is now. And as I kneel before you each day, you
will present your sex to me as you have done the past several times we have met.
Do you understand?"

Julie nodded, yes. He bent to her fondling and caressing her breasts pausing to
roll her nipple firmly between his fingers. In silence he unfastened one wrist.
He smiled at Julie turned and left the room.

Julie struggled for fifteen minutes to release her opposing wrist from its
bindings. She stood stiffly before the mirror. Her body was firm. Her breasts
beautifully shaped. Julie smiled as one hand delicately passed over her tummy.
She showered, dressed and left the Hotel.

The ride home was one of gratification versa guilt and puzzlement as Julie
replayed the events of the day through her mind. She had not intended to bed
this man when she had first began their game. Julie smiled wryly. She was glad
that she had done so. And yet she felt guilty about Jordan. She had always been
faithful to the love she felt for him and their marriage. Well, it would have to
be her secret and then there were the bindings and his being her "Master." She
enjoyed their game. It had contributed integrally to very satisfying sex. Julie
chuckled out loud. The fact is that the sex had been worth the anxiety at the
Hotel. Julie pulled into the garage, home.

The next morning Julie showered, went through her personal hygiene, and dressed
as she always did. She gave no real consideration or thought to the instructions
of her "Master" from the night before, until her hand fetched her panties from
the drawer. Julie paused surely he was kidding. She enjoyed their game, but what
of it now? She mused. They had fulfilled the end of the voyeur, and done the
deed. She enjoy it, and would most like be willing to consider a repeat but the
game seemed fulfilled, completed, over as it were. Julie slipped into her
lingerie and dressed for work.

It was a pretty spring day. The air was crisp, fresh. Julie breathed deeply. She
loved spring. Even the drive to the office felt good. She felt renewed from the
past night affair, invigorated. Julie began her day.

The Janitor appeared in front of her at half past nine. He smiled. Julie smiled.
They knew! He knelt before her at the wastebasket. Julie looked at him without
motion. She would tease him a bit the smile left his face. The Janitor stood and
left. Julie's heart sunk. She felt disappointed a loss at his leaving. She
wanted to run after him, to fetch him back and begin again. It was too late. He
was gone.

Mid-afternoon her Janitor returned. Julie smiled as he knelt before her. She
quietly slipped her skirt from beneath her bottom. The cool leather seat felt
good. Julie's heart raced as she spread her legs for the Man. He looked into her
sex, her panties. Julie smiled. He did not. Again he stood and left. Julie sat
stunned. She had expected something from him, some approval of her sex,
something! His words about her panties came to her mind surely he could not have
been taken seriously. Julie huffed smoothing her skirt. She was puzzled,
disappointed, and angry as she returned to her work. If he thought that she
wasn't ever going to wear panties just cause HE said so, well Julie huffed
again. But there was something hollow inside. She was saddened. She wanted to
please him. His words kept at her throughout the PM. Julie worked on...

Julie was surprised to find him waiting at her car. She had never seen him
outside of the office, except for last night. He looked stern, unhappy.

"Did you not understand my instructions?" he asked flatly.

"What instructions?" Julie responded. The disappointment in his eyes cutting
deeply into her mind. She stood silently.

"You will address me as Master. Do you not remember?" He turned his back on
Julie.

"Yes, Master. I remember," Julie spoke quietly.

"Give me your panties."

Julie stood motionless, silent before him.

"Yes, Master. But here? Now?" Julie asked looking about her. The car park was
deserted of people.

"Yes, now." He held out his hand to her. Julie lifted her skirt stepping out of
her panties.

"Now, let me see your pussy. Hold your skirt out of the way."

Julie did as she was told.

"You failed to shave it this morning. You were going to present a pussy full of
stubble to your Master? How dare you?"

Julie looked bleak, puzzled, not sure of what to respond. She had never been
treated this way. No one had ever assumed responsibility over or taken a real
interest in her pussy, save to use it once in awhile. Jordan never cared about
the grooming of her pussy, or what she wore over it. Julie liked the attention
to her womanhood but was puzzled as to how to respond.

"I I'm sorry, Master," Julie stammered still holding her skirt aloft.

"You must be dealt with, taught your responsibilities. Bend over the hood of
your car."

Julie smiled. She was a bit nervous about being caught. After all they were in
the car park of a busy office. She readied herself to receive his manhood in her
sex.

Whack! Julie's bare flesh lit a fire under the first blow from his leather
paddle. Julie jumped upright. Whirling about. His hand flashed. Her cheek stung.
"On the hood." Julie bent over the hood. This was not what she thought he had
wanted of her.

Whack! Tears filled Julie's eyes. Whack! She wanted him to stop. Her bottom
burned. Whack! Julie's began to sob.

"You will shave your pussy daily." Whack! "You will not wear panties to work."
Whack! "You will present your sex to me anytime I ask for it." Whack! "Do you
understand?"

"Yes!" Whack!

"And you will call me Master." Julie stood as his hand touched her arm. He held
her close as she sobbed into his chest. "You will learn." Julie recomposed
herself in the sanctuary of Her Master's bosom. "You will learn." He stroked
Julie's hair.

She stepped from her Master's chest. He opened the car door handing back her
panties. Julie sat bear bottomed upon the car seat. She started the car. Julie
looked into the rear view mirror as she drove away. He was still standing there
watching her. Julie smiled. He seemed more attentive to her than any man she had
ever known. She was pleased within herself.

Julie made sure to shave, groom and trim her pussy. No panties adorned her as
she went to work. He came to her about 9:30 AM. Julie smiled. He knelt before
her at the wastebasket. Julie slipped the skirt from beneath her bottom.
Willingly Julie spread her legs, presenting her sex as he had instructed.
Julie's heart pounded. She watched. She waited. He smiled at her. Julie relaxed
accepting his approval. His fingers touched her sex. Slowly stroking her sex he
parted her damp labia pressing several fingers into her warmth. Gently he rolled
her clit between his fingers. Julie caught her breath at the touch of her clit
obliging him in silence. She felt nervous as she looked about the office. She
looked at her Master. Slowly sensuously he licked his fingers. Julie beamed
inside, elated at his approval of her sex. He stood, smiling at Julie and walked
away.

That afternoon a note was attached to her computer screen. It was a small yellow
post-it note.

Tomorrow you will not wear a bra. Make sure that your nipples show through the
blouse.

Julie smiled tucking the note into her bra. She knew exactly what blouse to
wear. It would show the dark definition of her areolas and nipples without
revealing too much. Julie returned to work.

The next morning her Master returned about the usual time. Julie was prepared,
waiting for him, excited to see her Master. Her nipple protruded nicely. Julie
smoothed her blouse making sure that he would be able to see the whole of her
efforts. He knelt at the wastebasket. Julie presented her sex to him. This was
more fun than she had with their old game. She liked pleasing this man who
called himself her Master.

That afternoon there were two notes, one on Julie's computer screen and one, a
memo of a staff meeting the next morning. Julie read the small post-it note.

Bring a small brown bag. You will ride home in the nude tomorrow.

Julie smiled tucking the note away. The problem was the conflict with the staff
meeting. She would be expected to wear a more formal business suit. After all
she was the office manager. Julie wondered about how to alter the instructions
from her Master. She would be very glad to comply with his requests, but not
tomorrow. Julie did not see the man during the rest of the day. She simply
forgot about the problem amidst the work of the day. At the most she would
explain things to him and offer to comply on the next afternoon. That seemed
reasonable

He came to her mid-morning. That was the first real concern Julie felt about the
turn of events. He knelt to her wastebasket. Julie spread her legs. She did not
have panties on but she did wear panty hose beneath her blue pin striped suit.
He did not smile. There was no caress. He stood and left. Julie felt awkward,
anxious that she might have offended her Master.

The staff meeting began promptly at 10:00 AM. Julie had little time to stew
about events. She attended to her duties without another thought. There was no
note on her computer screen after lunch. Her heart sank with disappointment.
Julie missed the attention of her Master.

He was waiting beside her car as she approached. She would just have to explain
things. She opened her mouth to speak. His hand flashed across her cheek. No
sound came out of her gaping mouth.

"Did you get my instructions?" Julie stood dumbfounded. His hand moved again.

"Yes, Master," Julie responded quickly.

"And you chose to ignore your duties?" Her Master scowled. "You must learn your
place. Remove your panties now." Julie paused.

"But Master I have panty hose not panties," Julie stammered.

"So remove them, now" He spoke firmly to her. Julie began the task of removing
her panty hose while standing in the car park. After several moments of struggle
she handed them to her Master.

"I had a st--"

He raised his finger to his lips, silencing her words. Julie gasped.

"I do not care why you chose to ignore my instructions. Bend over the hood."
Julie choked back the tears as she complied lifting her skirt to receive her
discipline.

Whack! "You will speak only when I address you."

Whack! Julie's bottom blazed.

"You will never cover you pussy."

Whack!

"You will solve your own problems, without making them mine."

Whack! Julie began to sob.

"You will follow my instructions."

Whack!

"Do you understand?"

Whack! He lifted her arm. Julie stood, tears streaming down her cheeks. The
skirt fell about her tender red bottom. He held her close while she wept. "You
must learn to obey me." He caressed her tenderly. Her sobbing halted in jerking
short breathes. "Do you remember your instruction?" Julie nodded her head

"Yes. Master." Julie remembered the small note on her computer screen.

"Good. Then be prepared to comply tomorrow." He opened her car door returning
her hose after she sat her bear bottom on the car seat. He closed her door.
Julie pulled out of the parking stall leaving her Master watching from behind.

Julie shaved, trimmed and groomed her pussy. She did not cover her sex, nor
would she ever again. She poked about in her closet choosing a dress that would
be appropriate for the office and be easy to slip out of in the parking garage.
She did not want to spend too much time standing next to the car in the nude.
Finally she was ready for work

He came to her as usual. Julie was prepared. He was careful as he explored her
sex. Julie felt relief as he touched her. She wanted, needed his approval. She
did not want to be spanked again. She would not make the same mistakes again

There was no note on the computer screen but then why would there be? She had
her instructions. Julie finished her day and walked through the car park. He was
waiting. Julie retrieved the brown bag from the trunk of her car. He held it
open while she removed her dress. Julie stuffed it quickly into the bag.

"No. Fold it up. You will not behave like a pig for the sake of your own
modesty."

"Yes, Master." Julie retrieved her dress, folding it neatly and replacing it in
the bag. Next she removed her hose, garter, and bra. Julie stood very naked in
front of her Master waiting his instructions.

"You may go." He handed her the bag opening her door.

"Thank you, Master." Julie sat into the car. She drove away. Then it hit her
hard! The gatekeeper would be a problem. She would have to stop while she insert
her gate card and he would surely see her from his booth. Julie's heart raced
wildly as she approached the gatekeeper's booth. He was inside.

Julie paused. There was no escape. She drove on. Quickly she inserted her card.
The horn on the adjacent car honked loudly. Julie looked up, startled. He was
beaming from ear to ear. Julie blushed deeply as she realized that he was
looking at her. Julie glanced sideways. The gatekeeper had not missed her
either. The security gate opened. Julie hurried on. She got 'noticed' several
times in traffic. She was embarrassed but the thought of stopping to dress never
crossed Julie's mind. Her Master had sent her home naked, and that was the way
she went home. It was strangely enjoyable and embarrassing. Julie's pussy was
wet as she pulled into the garage. The door closed behind her. She breathed
deeply, relieved at the coverage. Yet her hand seem drawn to her sex. Julie
groaned low, guttural sounds as she satisfied her own desires. That had been
almost too much

Her Master knelt before Julie. Her sex presented, Julie whispered. "The
gatekeeper saw me yesterday, Master." He smiled at her.

"Yes. I told him to watch for you leaving." His fingers touched her sex. Julie
felt relief that she had not succumbed to her modesty. She would have been
caught and disciplined. Julie was indeed learning! He smiled his acceptance of
her efforts as he left.

That afternoon there was another note upon her computer screen. It had the same
number of the Hotel room, a date for mid-week, and a time. Julie smiled tucking
the paper inside her bra. She would gladly be there!

The weekend was a bit uncomfortable for Julie. She knew she was cheating on
Jordan. Yet she wanted what this man, this Master gave her. Julie felt an
eagerness to please. She loved Jordan. That was not different. She curled up
close to the husband and drifted off to sleep.

Monday morning came. Julie groomed and presented herself to her Master, eager to
get his approval. She began her day preparing for him and ended it planning for
him. He continued to give her instructions on what to wear and where to go. On
Tuesday he left another note for her to drive home naked. He met her in the car
park to receive her clothes. Julie sat naked in the car She knew the gatekeeper
would be watching for her. It was exhilarating. She was enjoying her Master.

On the appropriate and appointed day Julie prepared herself to meet her Master
at the hotel. She was very excited. She could hardly wait for the elevator to
fetch her to the room. Her Master met her at the door.

"Remover your clothes out here." Julie looked at him. Then down the hall way in
both directions.

"Yes, Master." There were two men coming her way from the opposite end of the
hall. Julie stripped quickly and quietly. Her Master waited until the men were
only a few feet from Julie. She looked away embarrassed at her nakedness before
them. They stopped to admire her. Her Master opened the door ushering Julie
quietly inside. He placed her clothes on the dresser.

"Lay down and wait for me."

"Yes, Master." Julie lay upon the bed reliving the humiliation of being naked in
the hallway. She waited. He returned to her fastening her arms and legs as
before. Julie could hardly contain her excitement. Her pussy was seeping before
he had finished her last leg. He bound her and gagged her in complete silence.
Julie waited anxiously

A key clicked in the door. The knob began to turn. Julie's mind exploded into
reality. In her mind Julie could see herself lying naked, tied to the bed, her
pussy seeping with her own passions, when he walked in!! A stranger, a man she
had never seen before in her life walked into the room. Julie muffled a yell
struggling to free her self from her bindings. Not a word was spoken as the man
walked passed her Master. Her Master opened the door and left!! Left her tied
up, with this stranger in the room moving towards her!! Julie struggled again.

He knelt upon the bed next to her. He cupped her breast, kneading it, caressing
it, and rolling her nipples in his fingers. Julie's eyes bulged. His attentions
aroused her body but could not penetrate the harsh reality of the Stranger in
front of her. He removed his shirt. He knelt between her legs. His hand found
her mound. Her pussy was wet, wanton, cool in the air. He kissed her mound.
Deftly he began to kiss and caress her thighs. Julie's body again betrayed her.
He was building her passions beyond a desire of any introduction. She closed her
eyes forgetting for the moment that he was a Stranger. Her body responded with
renewed desire. Julie gasped as a wave of passion burst through her center. He
stood removing his pants. Julie looked at him as she lay motionless before him.
In complete silence he mounted her.

Tied as she was Julie could do little to meet his thrusting hips or avoid their
intent. Nor did she want to. It felt good, really good to have a firm hard cock
in her hot pussy. Julie focussed on enjoying sensations racing through her
pussy. No thought of "Who" remained as he came in her hot box. He lay still upon
her. She was all but there and now not, not to be satisfied of her own passions.
Julie felt ashamed, used, embarrassed, frustrated and angry. He stood dressing
in silence, his back to her naked body, his cum seeping from her shorn twat.
Before he left the Stranger placed a twenty-dollar bill upon the dresser and
untied one wrist. Julie lay stunned before him, her gazed fixed solely upon the
money bent, crinkled, used upon the dresser. Had she been fucked for money?

The door clicked closed behind the Stranger. Julie struggled for another quarter
hour to free her self from the bindings. She walked naked to the dresser. Julie
stood starring at the money for a full minute. Then in anger she grasped the
bill in her hand wading it into a ball and throwing it violently at the wet spot
on the bed where she had been.

"Fuck you," she all but yelled in the silence of the hotel room. Julie dressed
quickly. As the door clicked closed behind her Julie looked up and down the
corridor. NO ONE! Julie hurried, almost running to the elevator, out the lobby
and to her car. The ride home was in stone silent. The image of the money upon
the dresser still burning into her mind it was foolish to have thrown the money
and left without it.

"Damn it. I earned it." Julie drove home to an empty house. She was angry. The
lights were off, the house dark, and empty. A tear burned in the corner of
Julie's eye as the garage door closed behind her.

Her Master knelt at her feet as usual the next day. Julie presented her sex to
him. She was still burned about last night. He reached for her. She closed her
legs upon his hand. She glared down at him. He stood and left without at word
between them.

He was waiting at her car. Julie had hoped that he would. She did not speak her
mind as she approached. She knew that would get her disciplined. Julie stood in
front of her Master in silence.

"You failed to complete your duties this morning."

"Yes, Master. I was still angry about last night."

"I see and for that you chose to disregard your duties to me?"

"No, Master. It's just..." It all seemed so futile at the moment

"Bend over the hood." Julie did as she was told without objection. Tears began
to form in her eyes before the first blow. Whack! "I own your sex." Whack! "It
is mine to use or display as I wish." Whack! Julie sobbed quietly over the hood
of her car. Whack! "I will use it, give it away or sell it as I wish." Whack!
"It is mine to do wish as I wish." Whack! Julie sobbed openly. He drew her into
his arms. She sobbed into the security of his embrace. "You are learning." He
held her closely. "I am your Master your sex is mine. Do you understand, now?"
Julie nodded her head.

"Yes, Master. I am sorry for questioning you." Julie stood looking into her
Master's eyes. He kissed her gently dismissing her for her ride home. Julie wept
while she drove.

How had she gotten here? This man felt that he 'owned' her sex. It was hers! And
she was still married to Jordan. She loved Jordan. Julie felt unsure of what to
do now.

She did not want someone else to 'own' her sex. It was hers. It had always been
hers. And now her Master said he owned it. Julie did not feel at ease within
herself. She did not want to loose her Master. She wept as she turned the corner
toward her home.

Every morning Julie prepared to present her sex to her Master. Nearly every
night she prepared her sex for him. Yes, he did, in point of fact, own her sex.
She had given it to him sometime ago. And she had done so willingly. Julie had
not realized that until now and that was the way she wanted it to be. Julie
fought to control her emotions as she pulled the car into the garage. Her sex
was his. Every morning she presented it anew to him, her Master, its owner. She
looked forward to his daily acceptance of her gift And tomorrow she would give
her sex over to him again knowing now, for the first time, that it was indeed
his to do with as he wished.

The morning alarm brought reality to Julie. Her head swam in guilt about what
had been done. She would not loose her Master, and yet this pimping was a point
at issue between them. Julie showered and readied her self for work. She wore
her panties for the first time in several weeks. She felt very unsettled as she
entered to building. She felt like she was betraying herself, and her Master.
But there were issues at hand. And Julie was still not sure where she wanted
things to be.

There was an envelope on her desk, her name hand written across the center.
Inside were three crisp one hundred-dollar bills. She had been pimped. Her
Master was later than usual. Julie feared that he might not come to her. She
became anxious, almost worried by lunchtime. It was mid-afternoon before her
Master showed himself. He knelt at her feet. She did not move. He looked up at
her sternly. Julie refused to move.

"We must talk." She whispered. No 'Master', no proper respect, just a whispered
statement. He stood and left. Julie felt frustrated, disappointed by his
leaving. She did not want him to leave. She regretted everything and yet she
needed to resolve things within herself, for herself.

He was waiting at the car. Julie stood just short of his touch.

"Have you forgotten your training?"

"No. I have not." Again, no proper respect. "I need to clear up some things."

"Are you wearing panties?" Julie blushed with embarrassment.

"Yes."

"You will address me as Master."

"No. Not till we talk." He turned on his heels taking several quick steps away
from where Julie stood. Julie's heart throbbed. Tears welled up in her eyes. She
did not want him to leave.

"Master, wait please." Julie choked the words through her tears now streaking
her cheeks. He stopped. He turned to her.

"Remove your panties." Julie lifted her skirt stepping out of her panties. They
fell at her feet. He walked back to her. Julie's heart pounded within her chest.
She wanted him back. In that instant she had made her decision.

"Master, I am sorry. I... it's just that I am not comfortable with you giving
selling my sex to some else." She presented him with the envelope.

"It is yours. You earned it." He paused for a moment. "Am I your Master?"

"Yes, Master, you are."

"Do I own your sex?" Julie blushed giving pause to consider.

"No, Master. I own my sex."

He turned about and strode away.

"No! Wait! Please, Master please. Don't go." He stopped still not facing her.

"I was wrong. You own it. You own my sex. I prepare it for you every morning. I
present it to you for your approval everyday. It is yours. I know this, but
Please, Master, don't go." Julie pleaded tears staining her eyes again. He
returned to Julie.

"Do I own your sex?"

"Yes, Master."

"And would you assume to tell me what I may do with my property?"

"No, Master but please--"

"You must learn. Bend over the car." Julie accepted her plight quietly bending
over the hood. She held her skirt waiting for the first blow upon her bottom.
Whack!

"You will not wear panties ever again."

Whack!

"Do I own you sex?"

Whack!

"Yes, Master. You own my sex." Julie spoke between sobs.

Whack!

"Will you question my instructions."

Whack! Julie began to sob aloud.

"No, Master."

Whack!

"Will you fuck whom I tell you to?"

Whack! Julie did not answer. She did not wish to answer.

Whack! Nothing.

Whack!

"Do I own your sex?"

"Yes, Master." Whack! Julie sobbed mightily. Her bottom screaming with pain,
scarlet to view.

"Will you fuck whom I tell you to?

Whack!

"Yes, Master." Julie had committed herself. Her spirit dampened as her bottom
screamed.

Julie had committed herself to her Master, whatever his desire might be... even
to pimping her if he wished. She would not refuse him, though she would beseech
him for her desires we to please her Master. Julie wept. Wept from her soul.
Wept from her bottom. Julie sobbed. He pulled her to him. Julie stood
motionless, sobbing into her Masters chest.

By the weekend Julie had pretty much ceased to stew about the hotel making a
troubled peace with her new situation. She was still not happy, but had accepted
her own decisions. She had several chances to let him walk away. Julie chose him
to be her Master. She fingered the three crisp new one hundred-dollar bills in
her pocket as she contemplated "things." Jordan was home for the weekend. All
seemed right enough with her life, and she had some extra money with which to
shop. Julie had always dreamed of a set of sterling silver ware. Jordan was
mowing the lawn as she pulled out of the driveway. A twinge of guilt raced
quickly into obscurity as she thought about the deed that had paid for her dream
dinnerware.

"Oh well, I earned it. I guess I can spend it," Julie smiled to her self as she
drove into town.

Monday morning Julie prepared herself for her Master. She no longer gave it a
second thought. He came as usual. She presented her sex to him willingly. He
accepted her gift graciously. After lunch there was a note posted to her
computer screen.

7:30 #1424 Wednesday.

Julie's heart raced and anxiously she considered. She wanted her Master. But she
was truly not sure. Would he be there or would he have a guest? Julie tucked the
paper into her bra. She would be there either way the decision was in the past
now.

* * *

Julie sipped her third margarita. She needed the strength of the booze before
the elevator to deal with the possibilities that awaited. It was 7:25. Julie
stood. Her legs quivered slightly as they accepted her weight. Her head felt
light, fluffy from the alcohol. Julie brushed her skirt smooth paid the tab and
strode across the bar towards the elevator. She was not completely secure with
her own emotions, but she was very sure of why she was going to be there. The
elevator doors opened. Julie stepped inside. Her heart began to pound fiercely
as her hand pushed the number 14. She was alone in the elevator as it began to
rise.

"What are you doing here?" she muttered. "You know exactly what you are doing?"
In her mind Julie saw the envelope with the crisp bills inside. She feared the
envelope. The doors opened. Julie drew a deep breath. She stood still. The
elevator doors closed. Her legs trembled. Her palms felt cold, clammy. A knot
twisted deep inside. Julie's hand pushed the door open button. The doors slid
apart.

"Why?" said beneath her heavy breath. "Because, he can"

Julie stepped outside. Nearly collapsing as the elevator doors closed behind her
Julie propped her self against their shinny surface. Her breath was rapid. Her
eyes filled with doubts and near panic. Julie stood tall. Another breath and she
was walking the hallway marked 1410-1430. Room number 1424 wasn't far from the
elevator doors.

Julie knocked. Her hands felt so cold the knuckles hurt when they contacted on
the door. The knot inside twisted. The door opened. Her Master Julie stepped
inside.

"You look nice tonight."

"Thank you. I fussed for tonight." Julie sat upon the couch. It was luxurious.

"Please remove your dress." Julie stood and slipped it casually from her body.
Her passions began to rise. Like a Victoria's Secret girl Julie was a picture of
feminine sensuality standing in a bra matching her dress, no panties, garters
and hose. Her soft skin looked china white in contrast to her auburn hair. She
lay her dress over the arm of the couch.

"Is there someone else or is it just us tonight, Master?" Julie asked.

"And if there is?" Her Master examined every supple inch of Julie's body.

"I'm here, Master" Julie sat down.

"Please." Her Master motioned towards the bedroom. Julie smiled, stood, and
walked through the sitting area, and into the bedroom. She stood next to the
bed, pausing, then unfastening her bra. It slipped into her hands. She tossed it
invitingly towards her Master. He caught it tossing it upon the adjacent bed in
one motion. In several more seconds she stood naked before Him. With out saying
a word Julie lay upon the bed. It did not seem necessary to go through
unimportant gyrations before he tied her to the bed. After all they both knew
what they were in this room to do.

Julie extended her arms upward above her head and towards the sides of the
headboard inviting him to tied her off. Her Master obliged by tying her wrists
to the headboard. It seemed somehow less modest, less acceptable to Julie for
her to part her own legs for another. He managed gently securing her ankles to
the bed legs. Julie lay bound, gagged, and naked before him, just as before. A
door opened somewhere in the suite. Though it did not surprise her, Julie
steeled herself mentally against the coming events. It was the same man she had
been with almost two weeks ago. Julie smiled in recognition.

"She will do nicely. Six thousand as agreed?" The man handed a stack of new
bills to he Master. Julie watched perplexed. Surely that was too much money for
an evening or even a full night Julie's mind halted upon the next thought. Had
he sold her to another? What had she just witnessed? The man approached her
naked body.

"Boys, let's be quick. Fuck her and wrap her up and let's get out of here. We've
got places to be in an hour." Two strong men appeared from inside the suite
area. Julie's eyes widened. Fear began to build inside her as the words she had
heard echoed in her mind. One of the men seemed to have lost his pants in his
march towards her. He fully erect, mounting her straight away. Julie winced with
discomfort, dry as she was with his first entry. He buried his bone deep in her
pussy.

She got no preparations, no gentleness, no touching Julie strained against the
ropes at her limbs. The door clicked closed as her Master left. The second man
began to take her immediately after the first had dismounted. Julie's face was
stained with tears as she struggled again. In the space of ten minutes, she was
taken by all three and left in the coolness of the air-conditioning to drip-dry!

The three of them returned to her side with a small overnight case. Julie
strained to watch as the men began their work. One removed the bindings on one
leg while the other removed the bindings on the other.

"Don't fight us and we won't hurt you." The new owner said looking directly at
Julie, a small crop in his hands. Julie kicked defiantly at one of the men on
her legs. Swoosh

Fire ignited in Julie's breasts as the crop struck through one nipple and across
the other breast just missing that nipple. Julie screamed beneath her silky gag
falling limp before her captors.

They placed her legs together wrapping the cords firmly about her ankles, just
loose enough to keep circulation in her limbs. A large roll of plastic wrap was
placed on the bed next to Julie. What are they going to do with that?! They
lifted Julie's legs off the bed while one began to wrap the clear plastic wrap
about her ankles. One, two, three, four wraps and they began to gradually inch
up her calves. Julie fussed her ankles about just to check the wrapping. She
could not move them a quarter of an inch.

Her heart sunk deep in her chest. The fight left her body as the wrap slowly
passed her knees. One of the men pressed her legs high over her head. Julie felt
their semen squish out of her pussy and trickle along her bottom. Tears trickled
along her eyes, streaking her make up as the tears slipped onto the pillows
beneath her head. They wrapped from her thighs to her bottom tearing the plastic
wrap at the base of her drying twat.

"Stand her up." Julie felt the bindings release her arms. They stood her upright
at the edge of the bed. Julie jerked her arm suddenly. It flung free. She yanked
at the other. Her sudden movements had surprised the men. As the second arm came
free she lost her balance falling forward, onto the adjacent bed. She could not
get upright without help. The plastic wrap about her legs had surprised Julie
with its tenacity. She had been so sure she could break free of it. One of them
flipped Julie to her back. Swoosh.

The fire exploded across Julie's pelvis and along the top of her slit. Julie
began to sob heavily as the men regained control standing up her upright.

"Now hold onto her." the Stranger yelled at the others.

"Put your arms to your sides, Woman."

Her arms fell limp as the last bit of hope trickled down her tear stained
cheeks. They began to wrap about her hands and waist. Four wraps, then down the
join her thighs. Carefully they wrapped Julie in plastic. Upwards along her
waist, to her torso, and enclosing her breasts. The wraps about her chest
pressed upon her breasts but not so much as to restrict her breathing. The tears
had ceased as the wrap incased her shoulders. One of the men stood next to her
providing balance.

Another took a leather bondage hood from the overnight bag. It took two of them
to tuck Julie's hair into the hood and zip it closed. The cloth gag in Julie's
mouth kept her quiet. A silent, naked, plastic mummy stood erect wearing only a
black hood. Only the air holes in the hood revealed the life beneath. Julie
heard the squeaking of noisy wheels enter the room. She had no idea what it
might be or what to expect next. Despair had overcome her senses.

She could feel her self leaning, loosing balance, falling sideways, someone's
arms guiding her. The other took her feet lifting her completely off the ground.
Gently they placed her onto something soft. Julie could not move her body. The
wrapping held surprising snug about her body. Something light and soft was
impacting her body. Soon she felt covered by something. Her own body heat was
building inside her wraps. Trickles of perspiration began to race stealthily
along her body. Julie cried silently beneath her hood.

"Careful now. Let's get her into the service elevator and to the van." The cart
began to bump along. Julie could sense things, not really feel though, yet she
did have a sense of things. She heard the elevator doors open and she bumped
inside. Her head swam wildly flooded with the events around her. She was scared,
sickened, but not panicked yet anyway. She could feel arms about her body
lifting her out of the cart. The floor was hard beneath her. The motor started
in the van. Julie felt the jolting of the gears, the motion of the van as she
began her journey.

"She's a beautiful Woman."

"Yeah, they'll pay a lot to fuck this one."

"Look at those tits."

Julie felt something press upon her breast.

"And that ass."

A foot kicked playfully against her bottom. Anger filled Julie's heart. As they
talked about every part of her body. Her mind raged resenting the words
assaulting it.

"Where to boss? Where you going to work this one?"

"The dungeons."

"You taking her there tonight?"

"Yeah. I personally want to see this one in chains before I leave."

Julie's tears returned. She realized that her life, the one she had loved so
much, was being forcibly altered, altered by her Master as well as these men.
Julie was crushed, betrayed, longed for her Master, for his approval, and the
safety of her home.

The ride lasted just over an hour though it seemed to Julie to go all night.
Fear gripped her as the van came to a jerking halt. She could hear a door squeak
open, the feet of the men about her clomping around. A hand grabbed her by the
ankle and pulled. She slid along the floor. A draft met the soles of her feet,
night air. Someone lifted her legs into the air and then from under her
shoulders the floor left her.

Julie tried to move her legs, her arms nothing just the dripping of perspiration
inside her wrappings and along her hooded forehead. Julie gasped for air, fresh
air. They walked along in silence packing Julie like a Persian rug. A heavy door
opened. From the sound of the door closing it was metal.

Julie could tell very little as the men carried her along. It was dark under the
hood, silent around her. The plastic wrap mummification kept her senses dulled.
Fear and panic clouded any judgement she attempted. Where was she and what was
happening? Julie fought back the tears. They did not help her right now. Anger,
furious rage replaced the tears then panic as they lay her upon what she was
sure was a bed somewhere. But where? The very thought sent panic streaking
through Julie's mind.

The hood was removed. Julie squinted, her eyes adjusting to the light. It was
dim. The walls were of brick. She was alone upon a bed surround by the three men
from the suite. Cameras began to flash about her. She struggled. NO, screamed
through her mind.

"I bought you from Little John. You will work for me in these dungeons or your
husband will find these pictures. You will call in sick for the next two days.
You may go home on the weekends, and continue to do your day job if you wish.
But by 6:00 PM you will be here ready to work for me. Do you understand?"

Did she have a choice? Julie starred wide-eyed at the soft-spoken gentle man
standing before her. His business attire belied his profession. Someone removed
Julie's gag. She struggled to moisten her dry mouth.

"Why? Why me?" Tears began to trickle down Julie's cheeks once again.

"Because you're a beautiful woman who likes to fuck. And I liked fucking you!" A
simple, straightforward, emotionless statement. Julie rolled onto her back. A
black leather collar was fastened around her neck. A small lock placed over the
fastener. Scissors began to cut the plastic wrap about her waist. One of the men
took a large leather belt tucking it under her back, then bringing it upwards
about her waist. He pulled it hard cutting into Julie's flesh.

Then backing off one notch and locking it into place. Julie wept in short
halting sobs.

"No, don't do this to me." She pleaded to deaf ears.

Her hands were cut free. Leather cuffs locked onto her, and lastly her ankles
were freed and cuffed. Julie's wrists were locked to her waist before they sat
her upright upon the bed. They cut the wraps about her legs and stood her up.
Julie's legs ached as the muscles slowly regained strength. She struggled to
walk behind them as she was led out of the room. They led her to a simple couch.

"Please. Let me go," Julie pleaded through the tears. "Don't do this to me."
Julie stood before a sign that read:

TRY THE NEW COMER $40.

Julie wept as they doubled her over the edge of the couch. Her ankles chained to
the legs. Her neck chained to the opposing side. They cut the remaining plastic
wrap from about her body. Several flashes of light told Julie they were taking
more pictures. A knot turned inside her tummy. She could not let Jordan see the
pictures nor could she allow her co-workers to see her knew job photos. Julie
sagged onto the couch. A motion from beside her told her that someone was
approaching.

"No. Don't fuck me, please," Julie begged.

Two twenties fell upon the couch in front of Julie. She closed her eyes. Tears
squished out as she felt fingers exploring her sex. It would be a long night The
bills piled up as the night went along. Julie lost count of the men that had
taken her that night. Demoralized, exhausted, and sore Julie was finally
released from the couch.

"This will be your bed for the night."

Julie stared blankly at the mattress before her. It was covered with one not too
clean sheet and a blanket. The man fastened a chain to her waistband locking her
to the bed. Julie sat down. She was worn, sticky, and tired. She collapsed in
tears sobbing her self to sleep. What had happened to her?? Where was she??

Dawn came and went. Julie slept through. She had no knowledge of its coming or
going. The room was dark apart from the sunshine she loved. She slept on till
well past noon. When she awoke she was hungry, sore, and dirty and angry.

"Hello," she called out standing next to the door. "Hello."

Another woman dressed in leathers opened the door.

"I thought you were going to sleep the whole day away. How you doing?"

"I want out of here." Julie yanked hard at the chain jarring the bedsprings.

"Must be your first night. You'll get used to it. You hungry?" The woman was
trying to pleasant.

"Yeah. I am famished. I am dirty. Is there anywhere I can clean up?" Julie asked
more calmly.

"There's a shower down the hall. You won't need clothes while you're here. I'll
call for some food."

"Where am I?" Julie asked the woman.

"Can't say. We're not allowed to tell Newbies much." The woman picked up a
phone. No number was dialed. Julie could hear a man talking on the other end.

"How do I get to the shower with this." Julie jerked at the chain. The bed
rattled.

"I'll get that." The woman produced a large ring of keys from a loop about her
waist. "Now don't go causing trouble. That will just get you a good beating and
all the outside doors are locked tight. I don't have those keys anyway." Julie
looked blankly at the woman.

"Can you get me out of these leathers so I can shower?"

"Why sure." The woman freed Julie from her bindings placing them on the bed.
"Nice tits. Those will get you lots of work. Breakfast will be here in thirty
minutes."

The woman stroked a finger over the top of Julie's breast as she turned to leave
the room.

"Work? What will I be doing?"

"Why you're a working girl now! You'll do the dungeons with the other girls and
me until they release you. Then next week you'll do a few bondage parties with
me. I'll show you the 'ropes'." The woman laughed at the pun.

Working girl! Working girl The words exploded inside Julie's mind. She was a
working girl now. Bondage parties dungeons Julie looked franticly about her.
Hallways, stairs, darkly lit passages, doors, nothing and not a key, nowhere to
go, no way to get away.

Then she remembered the pictures. How could she explain them to Jordan? What
exactly was she doing in the Hotel room in the first place?!! And now what? The
men, all the men she had been with last night all the pictures she had seen
taken. He would never forgive her. And here she was now a working girl. Julie's
bare feet padded the distance to the end of the hall. There was a bathroom and a
shower.

Julie closed the door and cried. The warm water washed the salty tears from her
cheeks and the crusted cum from her thighs. Julie stood absolutely still; the
water drowning out the realities of her newly imposed profession. She placed her
hands upon the wall in front of her, water running over her head and sobbed
mightily.

Breakfast was sitting upon the bed when she returned. Julie's appetite was
there, hunger gnawed at her. Her stomach turned over by utter reality dulling
the pangs of hunger within. She poked at the food, piecing here and there at
little bits. There was no place to go, to hide, no way to escape the photos she
knew they had taken. She picked up the collar This was her new reality. Her
stomach wretched, causing Julie to nearly loose the bits of food she had
consumed. She struggled to regain her composure. Tears trickled down her cheeks.
She had a good life, a very good life, and now it seemed so far away,
threatened, and fragile.

"Come with me." The woman re-entered the room. "Not eating, huh?" The woman
walked to the side of the bed. "That's okay. I didn't eat much those first few
days either." The woman paused looking distantly into the corner. "Seems like
forever ago." She turned to leave. Julie stood to follow. The woman turned
around. "I'll be back in ten minutes. Finish breakfast, then we'll put the
leathers back on before I show you around."

She left. Julie stared blankly at the bed

Time flew by as Julie waited for the woman to return. She donned the leather and
waited in silence. Julie could not finish breakfast.

"Follow me." The woman called from the doorway. Julie stood following in a dark
mood. The spark gone from her eyes. They entered a large smoky room. Chains,
whips, bed, tables, cages, and other BDSM devices adorned every wall and corner.
"On the days we don't have parties, this is where you'll be working. You'll be a
submissive."

"Submissive?" Julie asked rhetorically.

"Yeah, they do you." The woman stated without further explanation. "But tonight
you do the Newbie couch." Julie knew what that meant. "We've got a party next
Monday night. So, I'll have to teach you what to do. I'll be your Domme
tomorrow. You just do as you're told. It's pretty much that easy."

"Easy?" Julie doubted that very much. "Party? What kind of party? I mean do we
do they you know?"

"To answer your questions. Yes. They will and you will. I am the Domme. I do
not. I get to use you for fun and profit the Bosses profit." Julie realized the
"way it is" for a working girl. She sat down heavily on the ottoman.

"I don't want to do this." Julie spoke weakly not supposing for a moment that it
would change anything.

"Tough luck, Kid. You'll do as I tell you or I'll beat the shit right out of
you. Got it?"

"Yeah. I got it." Yes, she got it but she still didn't want this life!

Julie looked around the room. It was horrible to her. She felt her own
nakedness. It was overwhelming. Tears welled up in her eyes. The Domme noticed.

"You will stop your sniveling now."

Julie tried but with little luck.

"Stand up." Julie looked up at her with puzzled eyes. Who does she think she is?

"I said, stand up." She grabbed Julie by the hair and yanked her to her feet. "I
speak you listen and perform. Do you understand?"

"Yes," Julie scowled grabbing at her hand. Whack! Pain exploded upon her bottom.
She had not seen the man from behind. Julie wailed in agony reaching around to
her posterior. A slim red welt began to appear.

"And you will answer me as Yes, Mistress." The woman commanded. "Anytime we are
in public you are my possession. You will do as I say immediately. And respond
with Yes, Mistress. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress," Julie whimpered standing quite still.

"Good. Suck his cock." The Doom pointed at the man's exposed manhood. Julie
looked pale. She looked back at the woman knowing she had no choice And how
revolting!! She did not know this man. She did not have any interest in this
man. She did not know where this man had been!!

"Yes, Mistress," Julie whispered. Slowly, reluctantly, and with a great deal of
illness at her center Julie knelt before the man taking his cock in her hand.
Her tongue protruded slithering slowly around the corona. She gagged in revolt.

"Do that again. And I'll have your pussy flogged this moment." The Domme said
tersely. Julie closed her eyes. There was no imagination that she could summons
to help her deal with this reality. She struggled against reflex. He thrust
himself deep into her throat. Julie choked, gagged, and with drew.

"Stand up woman."

The Domme seized Julie's hair tugging her to her feet. She hauled Julie to
table. "Stand up, back against the table." Julie did as she was instructed. The
man lashed her arms, wrists, ankles and thighs to the vertical table. In another
second Julie was inverted, her feet over her head, her legs spread apart, her
smooth tender pussy fully exposed the blood rushing to her head, fear welling up
inside her

"You will learn to give head upon command and without hesitation. You're a
working girl now. You will do as I tell you, when I tell you. You will suck and
fuck, what and when I tell you. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Mistress. I will do better don't hurt me."

The first blow fell about the center of Julie's soft pale pussy. Julie wailed in
pain.

"I know you will. And this will help you not forget the lesson. Now be still."
Whack! The next blow fell with less precision diagonally from thigh to waist.
Two red welts about two inches wide appeared upon Julie's soft flesh. The next
two, though less hard, fell directly across her labia. Reddening welts appeared
upon smooth white cheeks of Julie's pussy. Julie sobbed loudly. She felt the
table rotate about raising her upright. Slowly Julie regained her composure. Her
loins hurt. She was scared. Her pussy hurt. And she clearly understood her
place, as a professional working girl, as they released her from the table.

"Now, suck his cock."

Julie knelt and completed the job forcing herself to restrain from further
personal emotion about her chore. As he came Julie simple swallowed as best she
could. The chore completed Julie stood wobbling a bit on unsure legs.

"Good. Now you may return to your room. I will fetch you for your session on the
couch tonight." Julie turned about padding down a hallway. Tears filled her
eyes. Her stomach wretched. She paused standing against the wall for several
long seconds struggling to regain her composure. Her arms lay folded across her
chest. Quiet sobs escaping her despair.

"What have you done to yourself now, Girl?" Julie said softly to no one there.
Tears trailing slowly down her cheeks.

"I think she'll do just fine," the Domme said to the man. "She will adjust to
the life style."

"Yeah. This one will make the boss some real money."

"Great body," the Domme said, a longing look in her eyes that the man did not
see.

"Yeah. And she'll learn to use it too."

"I think I'll pay her a visit before work tonight," the Domme said slightly
above a lusty whisper.

The man chuckled. "You do that. I'll wager she never been with a woman before."

The Domme looked back at the man. "I'll fix that." They laughed. She trailed
down the hall after Julie.

Julie lay curled up on the bed when the Woman entered the room. She rolled over
looking blankly at the Woman in the doorway.

"I don't want to do this. I'm not that kind of woman." Julie heard herself
pleading. She knew it was to no avail. "I had a good life a good husband and a
good job. Please, let me go."

The Woman stood motionless, silent, starring at Julie. Julie cringed at her
stare.

"Ever been with a woman?"

"No. Oh, no. Don't make me do this."

"Gonna happen right now, too." The Domme entered the room closing and locking
the door behind her. "You're gonna do me right before I get you, Honey." She
stood next to the bed.

The Domme knelt on the bed next to Julie. Julie lay very still naked and very
much unsure of what was going to happen next. The Woman's touch upon her breast
wasn't so bad. Julie closed her eyes, drew a breath relaxing her fears. It felt
good to have her breasts caressed. Julie's nipples firmed up. A gentle kiss
moistened her nipple. Julie felt a small moan of pleasure gurgle from within.
She felt embarrassed at the pleasure she was feeling. Her body had been so used
over the past 24 hours, and no pleasure had been given. It felt good. She wanted
it to feel good Her body was warming to the moment. The Domme kissed Julie upon
the cheek.

Julie couldn't wait to find her lips. Her kiss was warm, gentle, tender,
inviting Julie was very receptive, wanting more from her. Her breasts felt warm
eager in the caress of her Domme. Julie's hand cupped her Domme's breast. It
felt firm, full, warm, and responsive. Julie's sex gushed. The Domme found her
warmth with a growing eagerness. In another moment she was buried in Julie's
labia. Her tongue darting over swollen ridges and folds. Carefully her Domme
found Julie's clit. She rolled it softly, gently around with her tongue. Julie
shuddered. With several long kisses the Domme reduced Julie to a simpering
cumming obedient sub. Julie liked this very much.

"Now you do me." The Domme eased back upon the bed. Julie raised herself to
attend her Domme. Julie undid the leathers about her Domme's breasts, then
released her loins. Her twat was light brown fine hair groomed to a tiny thin
live beginning at her clit and rising about three inches toward her navel. Her
skin was smooth, soft, and tight. Julie's fingers eagerly began to explore her
Domme's sex. This was new to Julie. She was uncertain, nervous, but eager to
participate to satisfy her Domme. Julie moved her mouth to the Woman's sex. It
was strong of musk. Her vulva swelled with passion. Julie kissed gently upon her
labia. With the uneasy uncertainties of a new virgin lover, Julie's tongue
sought to please her Domme. The Woman moaned with pleasure. Julie felt relief,
gratitude and a sense of fulfillment as the Woman's body responded to Julie's
efforts. Julie worked gently to satisfy. The Domme came loudly calling for Julie
to continue sucking her pussy. Julie obliged eagerly.

Julie had never been with a woman before her Domme. It was all very new. She
still felt uneasy, unsure of what she felt about the experience. She had enjoyed
it, a lot actually, and maybe that was what bothered her too. Julie sat in
silence her back to the wall examining her own feelings. She looked over to the
very female form lying next to her. Her smooth loins glistened from her own sex,
as well as Julie's attentions. Julie took a moment to consider events

"What is to become of me? I am to be a common hooker now?" Julie asked with some
concern and disillusionment.

"No. There is nothing common about you, my Dear. You will be a working girl. Mid
to upper class prostitute if chose that word. You work with and for me." The
Domme replied reclining on the bed next to Julie.

"I except that you or your Boss bought my body, and that you will use it to make
money but will I work the streets. I mean with the disease and all" Julie looked
at the Domme.

"No. You will do parties with me and then there will be the dungeons when we
need help. But you're far too pretty to waste on street walking. We'll make much
more with the parties." The Domme raised herself to her elbows, "We don't do
streets anyway. We work by referral, private gigs only."

"What about my job? I really love what I do did, I guess"

"You can return to work if you wish. Just be where you are told every time. And
be ready to work." The Domme looked very firm, forceful at Julie. She understood
clearly.

"And Jordan, my husband. What about him?"

"Keep him if you want or don't. Will he mind your new profession?"

Julie chuckled. "What do you think?"

"Then don't tell him. I wouldn't and won't so long as you're where you're
supposed to be, doing what you're supposed to be doing." The Domme reclined
again.

"Guess I'll just have to be a closet whore." Julie choked back her tears at
hearing the sound of her new 'job title'.

The Domme smiled at Julie. She began to fondle her own breast and nipple as it
lay on the bed. "Eat me woman. I want to cum again." She closed eyes stroking
her breasts in earnest.

Julie paused starring at the Woman's twat. She bent to oblige her Domme. The
odor was different, less strong. Julie's tongue traced the outer edges of the
Woman's labia slowly parting the folds of flesh. In several slow moving minutes
the Domme began to shudder from within. Julie continued working her clit until
she bolted upright in self-defense with drawing from Julie's kissing tongue. She
held Julie's face in her hands for a long moment then placed a very gentle
appreciative kiss upon her lips. Julie enjoyed the sense of appreciation her
Domme returned. Julie kissed her again.

"It's time for you to go to work. Now stand up." The Domme fitted Julie's
leathers and chains locking them into place. "Follow me in silence. You have
another night in the dungeon."

"Yes, Ma'am." Julie hung her head with instinctive submission following her
Domme from her room.

Julie recognized the couch and the sign, "Newbie $40" without a fuss she
positioned herself over the couch exposing her sex and her mouth to anyone who
offered payment. The Domme locked her onto the couch. Time passed slowly at
first. Ten, fifteen, twenty minutes?? Who knew? Julie did not care. It simply
dragged slowly by.

Then she felt strange unfamiliar hands upon her bottom. Two twenties fluttered
down next to her face. Julie starred blankly at the money. Something firm
pressed against her derriere. She closed her eyes steeling herself against the
knowledge of her own whoredom, attempting to focus on the sexual nature, to
enjoy rather than detest what she could not change. It did not help much as the
dry shaft grab abrasively to her own dry sex. It hurt. She winced, and spoke
nothing. He finished with a guttural grunt. Julie felt the semen dripping along
her form. It was revolting to her mind. Julie forced herself away from things
she would not accept. The night wore on. It was long. The pile of money grew.
Julie simply bided her time, there and not there.

Then with suddenness that stunned Julie. A fire burst across her exposed sex.
The twenties had only just hit the couch next to Julie's cheek. A welt grew
across her bottom from one cheek through and across her sex to the other cheek.
Julie screamed instantly. Another lash crossed her flesh.

"I bought eight lashes for my $40 Lassie and that's two." Julie shrieked at the
sound of the third impacting her bottom. Tears burst from her eyes. Julie wailed
in pain.

"No. Please stop," Julie sobbed shaking through her whole body.

"Now. Lassie, I bought five more" He fondled her reddening sex caressing the
welts growing across her bottom. Julie gasped as his fingers rolled her clit
about. Another swoosh cut through the air, and fire burst across her bottom. He
was so careful to precisely impact her sex with each blow. Julie gasped and
cried. He caressed, fingered her, and soothed her flesh before each two blows.

Another two twenties fluttered down. Julie caught them in horror.

"No! No more. Please I beg you," Julie pleaded.

"No, Lassie, now I'm going to fuck you ass-hole." And with another caressing
touch he did just that. Julie gasped as his very large manhood parted her virgin
sphincter. He was slow but firm as he pushed his way inside her. Julie pushed
back hard. It felt good somehow or another. Julie closed her eyes. Her sex
burned. Her ass ached. She struggled to meet the rhythm of her man. Cum flowed
deep inside her virgin canal. Julie giggled. She kind of liked being 'done to'.
It touched something very carnal inside of her. She struggled to understand. She
liked the carnal side of her being more than she had known.

In time the bindings were released. Julie stood, stiff-legged, sore and very
used. She definitely did not like the crustiness of her new profession but the
attention to her sex was not at all without some merit. Julie struggled to
regain her legs walking slowly towards her room.

Her clothes lay across her bed. Those clothes she had so shamelessly discarded
in the Hotel two days ago. Julie stood very naked starring blankly at them.

"Well?" The Domme entered the room behind Julie. Julie turned to face her.

"Well what now?" Julie stood in silence.

"Get dressed and we'll take you back to your car. You have to be home for the
weekend Jordan, your husband remember?"

"Yes, Ma'am. I mean just like that. I can go."

"Well, no quite 'just like that'." She handed Julie a piece of paper with an
address on it. "Be there at 6:30 PM Monday."

"And if I don't?"

"Jordan gets the pictures. You're boss gets the pictures Be there!" The Domme
stated things as they were, bluntly and forcefully.

"And what if something comes up and I can't make it?" Julie quizzed the Woman.

"Don't let it. The price will be the same even if you're dead. So just be
there."

"Okay." Julie began to cover herself. It felt really good; there was a security
in the feel of her own clothing about her body. She had been naked for two days.
She felt covered, safe.

Two men entered the room behind the Domme. "They will take you back to your car
at the Hotel." She left the room. Julie looked blankly at the two. One of them
revealed a leather hood. Julie understood. She stepped forward allowing him to
cover and zip her into the bondage hood. It was dark. Julie was led to the van.
She lay on the floor as they drove. After and zigzagged ride the van stopped.

Julie found herself standing at the trunk of her car as the van drove quickly
away. She paused looking around. The car was exactly where she had left it. She
stepped to the driver's door. It was almost like a dream was lifting from her as
she sat inside her own car. The engine roared to life. Julie backed it out and
sat still for several long minutes. Suddenly she began to cry, sob violently.
Julie wailed in emotional pain as she put the car into gear again. She drove
quickly almost frantically as thought she could out drive or run away from the
reality that had beset her at the Hotel.

The tears dried as she found the road to her home. The lights were off. It was
dark inside. The garage door closed behind her. Julie sat in silence. It was a
nightmare gone in the safety of her own home her own life. She drew a deep
breath savoring the very essence in the freedom it gave her. Julie stepped from
the car. The house door was locked. She turned the key. The handle gave way.
Julie flipped the light switch stepping into her domain. There on the counter
she saw six 8x10 glossy pictures, all of Julie fucking of sucking someone. She
felt instantly violated again. They had been in her home! Her home! And they had
left these pictures. Julie seized them shredding them violently and tossing them
into the sink. She ran to her bedroom locking the door behind her. She stood
silent in the darkness holding the door closed. Then turning the light on she
looked about her room. More pictures lay upon her bed.

"They can get to me when ever they want. I am theirs." Their message was clear
and completely received. Julie looked about the house for other pictures but
found none. She locked the doors and went to her room. She sat hard upon the
edge of her bed.

"Well, you've done it now, Missy! Your messing around has turned you into a
common whore." Julie was to tired to cry anymore. She undressed climbing between
the sheets. Sleep was long in coming and all too welcome.

The alarm barely raised her consciousness enough to get out of bed. She
struggled to the shower. It was a tough start to a long day. Julie was not ready
to play act her role at work or with Jordan at home. Her mind was over whelmed
at the onslaught of reality as she dressed for work.


Comments are always welcome Golffdude45@AOL.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





