BDSM Library - Lisa at Auction




Lisa at Auction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Sequel to SOLD. After she came back from the auction, she couldn't contain her feeling about it and wanted to share it with others. So when the chance came in, she got her best friend into the same situation.
Lisa at Auction (A Sequel to SOLD) by Golffdude45@aol.com

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lisa at Auction (A Sequel to SOLD)


A dedication to Wendy and special thanks for her help with this story. Enjoy...

Lisa at Auction
A sequel to SOLD

I sat quietly next to Lisa. She was my friend, maybe my best friend. We had
attended many auctions together over the years. We had met six years ago while
working on the same project with different companies. Today Lisa had two items
for sale, an antique desk, and a small silver vase, and as always, we were
looking for a bargain or some unseen treasure. It had always been such fun.
Today was fun. I liked being with her.

There was something about her effervescent personality that had drawn me to her,
like wanting to be in a warm summer sun. We struck it off almost at once. She
was a very pretty strawberry blond. Eyes as blue as the summer sky, 5'-3" tall
and a figure to die for! Long shapely legs, a naturally tight waist and round
bottom. Her firm breasts bounced and jiggled with every bubble that escaped her
soul, perfectly proportioned with her petite shoulders, inviting total envy from
every gender.

"What am I bid for this beautiful painting," the auctioneer began. At the first
sound of his voice I felt uneasy for some reason. He droned on. My mind
wandered. This was the first auction I had attended since I returning home from
my own 'Bondage Sale'. Maybe that was it. I shifted in my seat. My mind
reflected upon the anxiety I felt during my own auction. I felt fear in the pit
of my stomach as the bids on the painting mounted. I could see clearly my own
sales price flash before my eyes even as I sat there. A twinge flashed through
my tummy as the searing of the branding iron marked my soft skin. I was very
proud of my sales price... but who would understand it. Nor could anyone
comprehend the horrible anxiety I felt about my family. The painting sold. I
leaned over to Lisa.

"I need some air. I'll be right back."

She smiled and nodded. Her items weren't listed for a while yet.

She seemed so pretty, so feminine, so close. My lips tingled as the image of my
first Mistress kissing my lips flashed through my mind. My eyes focus
involuntarily upon Lisa's lips. I blushed with embarrassment. I had never
thought of any woman like this. And yet Lisa seemed, different... No, it was I
who had changed and I knew that. I cared for Lisa, and now I felt new
attractions towards her. I stood quickly and left the room. My mind was a rush
of new and mixed feelings flowing wildly through my mind. I needed to breathe. I
walked through the lobby towards to outside doors.

It had been three months since my return. There were still some things Dan and I
had to deal with. He still tied me up on some weekends, which I loved even more
now. My nipples tightened against the cool air of the air conditioner. I loved
my nipple rings and chain. The chain danced about keeping my breasts constantly
in the front of my consciousness. My labia rings clicked together in the shower
and sometimes when I walked naked. Dan had found them 'sexy'. Both Dan and I
like my new jewelry. I had no real regrets about the events I had endured
either. It was the trauma, I guess, more than anything that had left me so
uneasy. I had always, always, been faithful to Dan. I love him. And I had had so
many men there... I wanted more. I had left a wanton woman, hungry for men. I
found myself imagining what it would be like to fuck this guy or that. That was
against my upbringing and my marriage. And yet now it was very much a part of
me. I like the new way I felt about my own sexuality. Then there was Bud II. The
Lab puppy was growing fast. And I wanted to start his training soon. I was
really unsure how Dan would take the reality of being married to me, and sharing
Bud II's bitch.

I walked to the front doors and stared out. I stood motionless for what seemed
like a very long time. I reflected upon the 'Compound'. Somehow I would
returning one day, for a refresher course, a vacation maybe. And yet I felt so
uneasy about this auction... Why?

And now Lisa... I had not expected to feel this way about her today. I found her
- attractive. I had wanted to kiss her lips only moments ago. I paced about the
lobby again pausing at a water fountain. I stared at the face in the shiny metal
surface of the water fountain. I took a sip of water...

"Well, Girl, you best get it together," I said under my breath.

I stepped to the door. The auctioneer's voice was droning on as I sat next to
Lisa. For the moment I felt more comfortable next to her. I cleared my head of
my thoughts and memories forcing my focus back to the auction.

"You okay?" Lisa whispered.

"Yeah. Miss anything?" I whispered back.

"Not yet. But get a load of what they are going for now. That's a $2,000 pendant
so far. Wish I could bid on something like someday." Lisa trailed off to
silence.

Lisa's items were next. The silver vase went for just over three hundred. The
desk was next. It was antique. We had thought that maybe we had found something
special at the yard sale, but no. So Lisa had taken great pains to restore it.
She was crafty that way. It bought seven hundred. She was happy with the amount
since she had paid only $75 at the garage sale. We had hoped for more, but some
days things just don't pay as much they do on other days.

We stayed for the balance of the auction. My uneasiness faded some as time went
on. I continued to notice little things about Lisa. I felt almost preoccupied
with her. The shape of her calves, the trim lines of her thighs. My head swam
dizzily as I watched her lips whisper off and on during the auction. I wanted to
kiss her so many times. I became uncomfortable again. My pussy flushed warm as I
caught myself starring. I fought against my desires, but my desires were very
real. I struggled again to dismiss these thoughts from my mind... but with
little success.

"I wish I had more money. One of these days I really want to bid on a stone!
$2,000. Imagine." Lisa gushed and drooled over the pendant. She had always had a
passion for stones, diamonds.

The auction over, I stood. "Well, you got most of that back today."

"Yeah, but the catalogue lists another diamond pendant for sale in just two
weeks. And where am I going to get $1,000 in two weeks." Lisa rambled
exasperated at her lack of funds.

"You sure you really want that pendant?" I looked her squarely in the eyes. "I
mean if it's that important I know of a way to get the money." My nipples
puckered at the thought that had come to me.

"Yeah, sure I do... But I'm not robbing banks or knocking over 7-11 for part
time income." We laughed.

"No. Seriously. I know a way but you better be very sure that you want it before
I even tell you about it. Think it over." I dropped the subject and moved away
from Lisa. The crowd was migrating. We funneled towards the exits.

"Want some lunch?" Lisa asked.

"No. Dan and the kids are home. I really want to spend sometime with them. We've
been planning a trip to the Zoo this afternoon. Want to go?"

"Maybe. I'll have to see what my planner says." We laughed. Lisa's divorce had
left her with way too much time. She dated some here and there, but you know how
tough it is to get a quality date. And besides I think she was still not too
eager to return to the dating scene.

"Check it out. We'll be leaving about 3:30. Call me." I had arrived at my car. I
waited and watched as Lisa walked two rows down to where she had parked. The
drive home was tumultuous for me. I wanted to kiss Lisa so badly. I was wet as I
drove remembering the texture of her lips. I was struggling with my feelings, my
desires, my passions. They were new, unexplored, exciting, scary, and very
passionate. It was like riding a roller coaster. And she was my best friend. I
didn't want to ruin a friendship by blurting out 'I want to kiss you'. And then
there was that 'thing' about the money. I wasn't sure at all, how she might
react to being 'sold' into a bondage club. I wasn't sure how 'I' felt about her
being sold. I reflected upon the traumas of the club. It had been fun in an
indescribably odd way. And yet the trauma was all too real.

"Well, I just won't bring it up again," I said to myself as I drove home.

* * *

I didn't hear from Lisa for the next ten days. I was busy with the family and
work. Funny how that goes, you get married, kids, and a career; and friends,
even the very best of friends, can get lost for weeks at a time. You feel bad
about it but life just seems to get so filled up.

I was lying next to Dan. "Bud is about ready to begin his training," I whispered
uneasily.

"Do you mind? I mean, if it bothers you he can stay the family pet - just the
family pet."

"No! I don't mind. Can I help?" Dan seemed almost too eager.

I was taken back a little by the contrast in his eagerness and my uneasiness.
Curious!

"Sure. Saturday bring his bed in here. From then on he will sleep in here with
us."

I had 'kind-of, sort-of' thought this through.

"You can help me Saturday night. Okay?"

"Sure."

Dan was definitely NOT watching the TV.

"But won't that effect us too?"

"Yes. It will. But we'll train him to mind his place. But, Dan." I looked
directly at him, "I will become his Bitch."

"What does that mean?"

I could see his concern.

"I will love you. We will have great sex. But Bud will see me as his mate. And
he will take me often."

"Do you want that?" He was very sincere.

"Yes. But only if it is okay with you."

He squeezed my hand firmly. "Fine. Then from Saturday night on you'll be Bud's
Bitch. I'll get you a dog tag or something..."

We nearly jumped out of bed as the phone rang next to Dan.

"Don't be silly I said," as he picked up the receiver.

"Hello. Hi, Lisa. Yeah, she's right here." Dan handed me the phone.

"Hello." I said.

"I've been sitting here lusting over this pendant. Do you really know a way for
me to get the extra $1,000?" Lisa said eagerly.

"Yes. You know that tennis bracelet Dan bought for me on our last anniversary?"

"Yeah. That was gorgeous. Did he get help with that?"

"Yeah. He did. They advanced him the money without question. But you have to
work it off later." I spoke flatly.

Dan tugged at my nipple chain. "What are you doing?" He grunted in a whisper. I
swatted his hand.

"Come over tomorrow and we'll explain it to you. Then if you really want the
money... you can get it."

"What time?"

"About 6:00 PM. Have dinner with us then we'll talk." I hung up.

"What the hell are you doing?" Dan glared at me.

"Why? Is Lisa better than I was? It was alright to sell me but not her?" I shot
back at him.

"You know that's not what I mean. We didn't know what it was then." Dan said.

"And now?" I asked.

"You would do that to Lisa?"

"If she wants the money. If it was good enough for me... Besides, we'll tell her
some of it." I paused. "But not all. I would do most of it again. But there is
just no way to prepare someone for it all. And I won't try. If she wants the
money for that pendant then it's up to her."

"Fine. If that's the way you feel. I'll let you tell her what you choose. Are
you going to show her... you know... the jewelry?" He tugged again at the chain.

"Yes. But not till after she makes her decision." Dan tugged more at the chain,
pulling me to him. His hand found my breast. We kissed. I turned the lights off.
Dan was ready. I needed him even before the darkness set in.

* * *

Dan stopped at the pet super store during his lunch break. He was nervous,
almost giddy inside. He was joking and yet - not.

"May I help you?" the clerk asked.

"Yes. I want a very nice dog collar." Dan chuckled as he blurted it out.

"What size dog do you have, Sir?"

"It's a Lab. Oh, and I need two identical collars." He was only a bit more
serious.

The clerk showed him two long leather collars, black with Rhine-stone along the
center. Dan picked them up and fondled them in his fingers. He took one of them
to his own neck to check the size. The clerk looked puzzled.

"It's kind of the way I measured. Beats carrying a tape measure." Dan looked at
the selection. "These will do just fine. Thank you." The clerk left. Dan turned
away as he began to chuckle. "Now to the jewelers..."

Dan knew exactly where to go. He had made several phone calls before he had left
the office this morning. He parked his car and hurried inside.

"May I help you."

"Yes. I called this morning. I need to order two shiny steel tags for these
collars." Dan showed the clerk the collars.

"I remember your call. We don't get to many calls for something like this. Will
this work for what you need?" The clerk showed Dan two shiny metal rectangles.
"We'll punch a small hole at the top so you can fasten it to the collars."

"I need three actually... engraved... by Saturday noon."

"Yes, Sir. And what do you want engraved on these tags?" The clerk handed Dan a
pad of paper.

Dan began to write: 1-BUDII - and below that Saturday's date and the home
address, 2- WENDY - and below that Wendy/BudII, Wed - Sat, 6/12/99, and 3- The
same as #2. The clerk read the writing carefully. He looked puzzled at Dan. Dan
reviewed it.

"Just as it is written. Oh, and I want a white gold ankle bracelet for Saturday
also." The clerk showed Dan several designs of chains. Dan picked one out. It
was really too much money, but not for what he wanted. The clerk figured the
bill. Dan put it on the charge card. He was late getting back to the office and
had to hurry, but he felt really good about his lunch hour and ten!

Lisa showed up in plenty of time to help me with dinner. Dan set the table. The
kids fussed and conversation went pretty much as it always did. No one mentioned
the purpose for Lisa's visit. Dan stood and cleared the table. Lisa and I sat in
silence. I had worn my tennis bracelet to dinner. I starred across the table at
Lisa as the kids ran out the back door to play with Bud.

"Dan bought this for me." I laid my hand in front of Lisa.

"It is so pretty. How'd he do it?" Lisa asked.

"Well, there is a club that I had to join. They bought my services in advance
for my membership in the club."

"What kind of club?"

"Well, now that's kind of the whole thing really... Dan and I do a little light
bondage once in awhile. You know... he ties me to a chair... in fun... and such.
And well, it's a bondage club." I stammered for the right words.

"I don't know..." Lisa backed off cooling immediately to the entire idea.

I raised my arm allowing the diamond to sparkle in Lisa's eyes. "They pay $50 a
day no questions asked. And then there are tips while you work off your pay. I
made $3,347 for ten days work in tips."

"They don't pay that kind of money for nothing." Lisa retorted.

"No. They don't. I worked as a cocktail waitress some days. Others I was tied up
and such as club members wished. So yes, I earned it all."

"I don't know..." Lisa said.

"Think about it. If you want the pendant this is one way. The other is to get a
loan or wait for another diamond pendant to come up for auction." I left it
alone. Dan came back in.

"You bought Wendy's bracelet this way?" Lisa asked. "Do you regret it now?"

"Yeah. I was short $500 dollars. I had the money the next day Fed-Ex." Dan
paused.

"No." I spoke up. "I don't regret it. But it was hard work."

"So if I wanted to do this I could have the money before the auction Saturday,"
Lisa asked.

"Yes. I think so," Dan said. "But you have some papers to sign before they will
send it out."

"Okay. Let's see the papers," Lisa said.

Dan stood. We three walked to the computer. Dan booted it up. He plunked away
and in a few minutes a web site appeared.

"How much do you want?" Dan asked.

"Nine hundred." Lisa said. Dan typed it in and pressed send. In two minutes the
computer chirped 'you have mail'. Dan clicked on the e-mail icon, opened the
message and printed the contract out. Lisa sat and read every word carefully.

"You sure you want to do this?" Dan asked.

"Let's fill it out and see what happens," Lisa countered. Dan glanced at me. I
nodded. He handed Lisa a pen. She filled it out. Dan scanned it and e-mailed it
back. Two minutes later the contract returned to Dan's e-mail sight. Lisa reread
the new printed contract.

"Be sure this is what you want. There is no backing out once you get their
money," Dan cautioned Lisa.

"To be sure, Lisa. They will collect their fees," I said firmly.

"When?" was Lisa's only response.

"You'll never know till they come for you," I said remembering my abduction with
a knot in my stomach.

Lisa signed the contracts. I countersigned as her witness and significant other
placing my own 'invoice number' beside my name. I would take full responsibility
for her at auction. I would not sell my friend to anyone. Of that I was very,
very sure. Dan scanned the contract into the computer and pressed send. In only
seconds a large red 'SOLD' flashed across the computer screen. I cringed. I knew
what 'SOLD' meant, and soon enough Lisa would too.

Lisa called all excited Friday evening. "I got the money," she almost shouted. I
was happy for her. She really wanted this pendant. "Meet me at the auction house
tomorrow thirty minutes before it begins. Okay?"

"Sure, Lisa. I wouldn't miss it for the world." I said. She was too excited to
talk and I had dinner to fix.

Dan was a little late getting home from the office. He acted funny... like a kid
that snuck the last cookie from the cookie jar just before dinner. In fact, he
acted goofy all night long. I couldn't quite put my finger on it. I asked
several times but he shrugged it off as some private joke from the office.

"Lisa wants me to go to the auction with her tomorrow. She is going to bid on
the pendant... You know the one she 'SOLD' herself for."

"You certainly didn't help her find another way, or say no," Dan commented
between bites of potatoes.

"She read the contracts same as I did. And besides, I wanted her to get the
advance." "Why?" Dan paused as he cut his meat.

"Because I want someone to share it with, to understand. I liked a lot of what I
did. And I don't have anyone to relate that with. If she was willing after
reading the contracts... Why not? I did it."

"I can understand that. Are you going to tell her much more?" Dan chewed.

"In my own time. But not enough to scare her."

"When will you be home tomorrow?"

Dan dug into the corn.

"I should be back early afternoon," Dan grinned.

"Why? What's up?" I asked.

"Nothing. I was just thinking about the office." He grinned like a Cheshire cat.
I puzzled at him but chose to let it go. Let him have his fun, what ever it was.

We finished dinner, dishes, etc. The kids ran off to play with their friends.
Dan settled into the TV. I went upstairs. With the auction tomorrow I didn't
want to leave thing to the last minute. I moved some chairs around a bit. And
with some effort pushed the armoire a few inches. I needed some to make a bed
area for Bud. I found some socks I could put on his feet. I put a roll of duct
tape with the socks on the shelf in the Master Closet. It didn't really take
long. I was satisfied as I looked about the room. Things would work just fine. I
went to the laundry. The fun things in a woman's life never end. After another
hour or so I went downstairs.

"Dan call the kids in. It's time for bed."

He turned the TV off, stood, and called out the back door. In minutes we were
hip deep in bustling six and eight year olds.

"Bath time. Then off to bed." They barely touched the stairs as they bounced up
to the top. I climbed each one, the end of a long day. Dan followed. He slapped
me on the bottom hard enough to sting.

"Hey, watch it Bub!" I retorted.

"Great ass, Woman," he said softly kissing me on my ascending ass. "Gona' get me
some of that tonight."

I grinned. I loved to way Dan lusted after my body. He made me feel good,
wanted, important. I liked that. And I wanted to be there too! Shifting the
furniture about had gotten me thinking... and I was just about wanton by the
time I had finished making preparations for Bud to join us tomorrow night.

"I'm ready, Studly." I kissed him back as we reached to top of the stairway.
"And now for bath time."

Without some parental supervision bath time could turn into the ol' swimming
hole and two hours work for me. Not tonight! That was not in my plans at all.

The kids in bed, the TV off, and it IS playtime for Mom. Dan tugged my nipple
chain. It had become his leash of sorts. I liked the way it tugged upon my
nipples stretching my tits towards my man. I liked feeling the tension in my
nipples. Dan kissed me long and deep. I could feel his hands upon my tummy, my
hips, brushing my neatly trimmed bush. He tugged at one of my labia rings
stretching my pussy to one side. It hurt in a really good, stimulating sort of
way. Then he tugged at the other labia ring. I was really getting wanton. I
could feel his manhood pressing hard into my hip as he rolled my clit between
his fingers.

"Fuck me, Honey. Fuck my nasty pussy..."

Dan was eager to satisfy my every desire. We loved each other very much. I loved
sex with my man! I had taught him how and he was eager to please. He fucked me
long, slow, hard, and with great passion. How I loved our sex life!

I awoke to Dan sucking on my nipple, slow and gentle. I lay next to him in
silence enjoying his attention. My hand slide along his loins to his firm cock.
I giggled and slipped beneath the sheets. His low moans told me he approved as
my tongue slithered about the tip of his cock. Then in of sudden moment of evil
fun I bit it... gently. He jumped, yelping like a hurt puppy. I grabbed his love
handle and held him firm. In another few minutes I had pleasured my man.

His tongue began gliding the length of my slit. I closed my eyes in dreamy
ecstasy as Dan worked his magic upon my pussy. He was good, very, very good. I
held my climax back. Waiting, building, until I had a title wave I could not
contain. I let out a low guttural growl as my tummy and vagina went into wild
contractions. Electricity shot from my loins passed my tummy and through my
whole existence. I struggled to contain my passions from the small ears sleeping
down the hall. A tiny knock at the door got my attention, one that installs
utter panic in the heart of every Mother, told me I had utterly failed to
conceal my pleasure. Dan chuckled. I was a flurry of covers and panic. I righted
myself before we had to explain the impossible to a six-year-old. I was
flustered at the very sudden crash of my passions. But alas that is the fun of
kids.

"Can I come in and watch cartoons with you, Mommy?" Goody!

"Give Mommy a few minutes and you sure can."

I had to find my clothes from last night in only a split second. The door opened
just, only just, as I pulled my PJ bottoms on. Turning my back to the door my
top slipped over my head, shoulders, and breasts. Made it again! I love the
kids. They both bounced into the middle of the morning exactly between Dan and
I. And I wouldn't have it any other way! We watched cartoons...

* * *

I met Lisa in the lobby at the auction hall about 30 minutes early. I can not
remember seeing her so excited about something in recent years. She took my hand
half babbling half dragging me over to see her coveted pendant. I liked the feel
of her hand in mine. I held on to it. Her fingers curled over mine as she
starred at the jewel before her.

"I've got enough," she whispered, "if I play it right."

"You're really excited about this aren't you?"

I was delighted to share the joy and excitement in my friend's eyes. She could
have light a small room with her energy this morning. I pulled her away from her
treasure. Too much attention to any one item is never good strategy. I held
Lisa's very excited hand in mine. She never attempted to relinquish my grip. I
was happy to keep it there. We walked into the main auction hall to find a seat
hand in hand.

Lisa's pendant was third on the list. She had just over $3,000 to bid. The
bidding started at $1500. She waited to enter the bidding until it reached
$2100. By the time it had reached $2550 the bids were slowing. Lisa got her
pendant for $2850. She beamed... her hand still in mine. She looked at me
glowing and gave me a hug.

"It's mine!" she exclaimed. Then bounced on her seat like a child.

"I so happy for you." I rested my hand upon her knee. The look in her eye
changed slightly. Long moments passed. She made no effort to remove my hand, nor
I to push the matter. I was quite happy with its present location. Her skin felt
warm, smooth, silky beneath my touch.

The auction ended for Lisa and I just after her purchase. We arose to leave, to
claim her prize. It took the better part of an hour but with a little patience
Lisa had her pendant. She immediately placed it about her neck. Together we
walked to the parking lot. As we exited the lobby Lisa leaned over to me,
grabbing my shoulder with both hands she giggled with excitement.

"I got it! I got it! And I owe part of it to you. Thank you so much." Lisa's
hand slid down my arm to my hand. Her fingers curled about mine as we walked
towards her car.

Then it happened. I'm not sure why or how really. She stopped at her car door.
Every cell of her faced beamed with joy, her hand still in mine. I simply leaned
forward and kissed her softly on the lips. She stopped very, very still, looking
long at me. Fear raced through my heart. What had I done? Ruined my friendship?
What now?

"You know I love you." Her hand caressed my cheek. A finger slipped unseen
beneath the seam of my sweater barely touching my left breast. She stepped
closer returning my kiss. My fears abated. My heart pounded. My pussy flushed
wet like 'Old Faithful'.

"And I love you too," I whispered.

"Can you come over for awhile?" Lisa asked.

"Sure. I'll be there before you." I turned to walk away. She started her car. I
jogged as best I could in heels to my car parked only five spaces away. My palms
ran cold. The pounding in my head completely blocking all street noise. In a
daze I found Lisa apartment. My finger shook too much to press the doorbell. I
took a deep breath and knocked gently. The door opened.

"Hi. I'm so glad you came by." Lisa was still wearing that radiant smile... and
her pendant. She looked very professional in her business suit and skirt, down
right gorgeous! I was so scared. I thought my heart would stop completely as I
stepped inside.

"You look positively radiant with that pendant, Lisa." She took my hand in hers
and led me to her living room. She stopped, turned, and looked at me.

"I've never..." she spoke hoarsely.

"Me neither," I replied. I stepped closer. I looked into her face. I touched her
cheek with my fingertips.

"You scared?" she asked.

"Yeah."

I kissed her softly. Her lips felt warm upon mine. I could feel my twat gush
again. Lisa stepped away. She walked to the closet removing her jacket. I
removed my sweater, tossing it upon the couch.

"Want something to drink?" Lisa asked.

She poured a small glass of wine for each of us.

"Thank you."

She handed it to me. I stood facing her sipping at my glass. She drank hers
straight down. Her finger extended towards my breast. I held my breath. I might
never breath again. I watched her fingertip trace the outer edge of my breast.
My nipples puckered tight. Her fingertip traced the underside, about the inner
edge, then gently towards my nipple. Her fingernail danced lightly over my very
tight nipple for several long moments. I finished my drink, leaving her to set
my glass upon the end table. Turning to face Lisa I took what felt like my very
first breath this morning.

"I want you," I said quietly.

"I know," Lisa countered.

I approached her. We kissed long, deeply, passionately. My hand finding her
breast. They felt so firm in my grasp. I was overcome with desire as I softly
rolled her nipple in my fingers. Her hand found my breast. She pulled back
slightly as her fingers found the ring through my nipple.

"I'll show you." I spoke eagerly. Lisa unbuttoned my blouse. As I flicked my
shoulders back to let the blouse fall from my shoulders Lisa's fingers flick the
front clip of my bra. The chain fell from with in. She looked quizzically into
my eyes. I slipped my bra to the floor. It fell upon my blouse.

"What do you think?" I held my shoulders back, pushing my chest forward.

"I didn't know. Do you like it? I... I mean why?" Lisa traced the ring through
my left breast, slid her finger gently down the chain towards my right breast,
and traced in carefully.

"I love it. It's Dan's love leash." Suddenly as if taking a cue Lisa tugged
firmly upon the chain pulling my breasts tight, stretching my nipples. I stood
firm. She pulled harder. I liked the feel of being literally drawn to her. She
pulled harder, dragging me to her by my tits. We kissed again.

"There's more," I whispered in her ear.

"Where?" she asked.

I stood kissing her neck not answering. She twisted her fingers tightly in my
chain stretching my sensitive flesh harder. I grabbed her breast in my hand
squeezing it firmly. We kissed long, passionately, in silence.

"I asked you where?"

She jerked hard on my chain. Pain lanced through my nipples. I loved it!

"I'll show you," I whispered.

She loosened her grip on my chain. My hand touched her hand lightly.

"No, don't. Not yet."

I pressed her hand firmly about the chain pushing away from my breasts
increasing the pressure slowly but steadily upon my very stretched breasts and
nipples. Lisa got the message. Instantly creating just the right pleasure/pain
in my chest. I kissed her again and again. I fumbled weakly to undo her blouse.
Then to undo the clip of her bra from behind her back releasing her firm mounds
into my cold clammy hands. Lisa released the hold upon my chain.

"Let's move this to the bedroom." Lisa gasped.

We nearly ran hand in hand to her bedroom. My skirt found the floor an instant
before Lisa's. She stood before me in only her panties. Silky white lace
clinging to the slit between her legs. Lisa was smooth. Her fine reddish blond
bush barely visible beneath her sexy thong. I fell on the bed next to her,
laughing. Her lips pressed to mine. Slowly I kissed my way to her perfectly
formed breasts. Her nipples felt wonderful upon my tongue as I gently sucked and
caressed each. Lisa tugged forcefully at my chain. I raised my head from her
breasts, looking into very serious eyes.

"I like this chain. I can get your attention anytime I want it. Now where else?"
I climbed off the bed. I stood facing Lisa framing my navel jewel in my hands.
She smiled. I slowly slipped my finger inside the waistband of my sticky silk
panties. They dropped to my feet. As I stepped one foot out I kneeled one knee
upon the edge of her bed. Her eyes followed the very neatly trimmed line of my
own bush towards my labia rings. Her gazed paused at the visible number branded
to the side of my bush.

"That is what was I sold for." I crawled towards Lisa. My face falling upon her
mound. Her fingers immediately explored my rings. Lisa traced them gently at
first. Then tugged lightly upon one spreading my sopping twat. I slipped her
panties off. She kissed my pussy. I kissed hers running my tongue lightly over
the entire length of her slit. She tugged hard upon my rings forcing my legs and
twat wide apart. Her tongue traced lightly over my exposed flesh. My tummy
quivered with delight. My fingers traced Lisa's swollen vulva. I pressed them
softly inside. I kissed her mound until my taste had found her clit. It was
large, swollen and very extended. Slowly I worked it about in my mouth, as I
would have her do mine. In moments we were quivering, quaking, gasping, coming
in each other's embrace. Lisa came several times. I never wanted this to end...

I returned in exhausted satisfaction to Lisa beautiful breasts. I continued to
kiss, to fondle, and to suck gently.

"What auction?" Lisa asked softly pursuing the conversation.

"I was sold at auction for $20,000." I raised my head from her breasts. "They
will come for you one day, to collect your services. And at the end there is an
auction. You will be sold..."

"What?!" Lisa bolted. I reached up to caress her cheek.

"Everyone is sold, everyone. You have the choice to accept the money or return
here. I have signed as your significant other. I will not sell you for money,
Lisa." I kissed my finger and place it gently upon her lips. Her eyes softened
slightly.

"I didn't know. The contracts never said anything like that?" Lisa looked a
little scared.

"I know, but not to worry. I will not sell you out." I reassured her. I eased
upwards and kissed her softly upon the lips. I rolled off the bed placing my
hands upon my hips. I was proud of my price tag. "I sold for $20,000. Just try
and beat that!" I laughed playfully.

"I have to get back to Dan and the kids." I paused looking soulfully at Lisa. "I
love you. I really enjoyed today. Can we do it again... soon?" Lisa smiled at
me.

"Oh, I do hope so Wendy. I really do hope so." Lisa stood. We dressed in
silence. She escorted me to the door. I turned to kiss her. It was the final
parting kiss filled with lusty passions. My tongue danced over hers. "Till next
time..." Lisa spoke softly.

I turned through the door walking blissfully down the hall. My passions were new
to me. I felt fulfilled. Excited with anticipation for the next time. I turned
at the elevator doors. Lisa was still standing watching as the doors closed upon
our first afternoon together.

* * *

Dan was waiting. I was later than I had expected. He was not really upset, more
like concerned. "You all right?"

"Yeah. I spent some quality time with Lisa." I really did not dare tell him
about what we had been doing, at least not yet. I knew that he had seen the
pictures during my bondage. He knew I had been with many different people. He
was doing well with that. I didn't want to press it for the time being.

"Did she get her necklace?" Dan asked.

"Yes. She was more excited than a school kid at Christmas." I laughed at the
image of her beaming, giddy, behavior.

"What you got going for tonight?" Dan asked.

"Nothing I know of. You want to do the usual?" Referring to stripping me and
tying me to the chair. He had developed a few fun kinks to out game since my
return. I was never sure what he was going to do next.

"I was thinking of something a little different." He grinned. "Were you going to
move Bud into our room tonight?"

"Yeah. But that won't take long," I said.

"Maybe. But l want you to dress up for the evening."

"Why?" I asked puzzled at the request. "We going somewhere?"

"Maybe." And there was that damned grin again. It was loosing its charm quickly.

"Okay. What time would be nice?" I asked flatly. "And do we have a babysitter?"

"Everything is handled. You just be ready by about 9:00 PM." Dan still grinned.
Damn.

"Fine." I went upstairs to work on the laundry. A family generates plenty of 'to
do's'. Dan re-settled into his football game. I let the afternoon's delight
re-kindle my soul as I plodded through the daily routine. The phone rang.

"It's Lisa," Dan called up to me. I went to the bedroom.

"Hello."

"I wanted to thank you for this afternoon. I... I liked your jewelry? Where did
you get it?" Lisa ventured.

"Good. I like it too." I decided to dodge the 'where/when' issues. "I want you
to check in everyday from now on, Lisa. They will come unannounced, and you will
go. If I don't get a call I'll check your apartment to see if they've come for
you. Remember to call every day. And tell your boss that you may be taking some
unexpected time off in the near future."

"You're scaring me, Wendy." Lisa said.

"Not to worry, Hon. You'll be alright. Just remember to call daily." I said what
needed to be said - and all I was about to reveal about the upcoming events in
Lisa's life. Any more would only serve to frighten her about her very
unavoidable future.

"I really enjoy our time," I said affectionately.

"Did Dan object?" Lisa asked.

"I haven't told him. I said it was quality time with Lisa."

She laughed.

"It was that! I mean, I've never... I mean, I never even thought about you like
that." Lisa stammered for words.

"Me neither. I just kind of started to notice you, things about you that I found
attractive. One thing led to another... But I'm glad we did it." I really was!

"Want to stop over Wednesday evening after dinner for another? I'm really horny
just thinking about you." Lisa said.

"I think I can clear that with Dan. About 7:30 Wednesday?" I asked.

"Great. I can hardly wait," she gushed.

"Lisa?" I said.

"Yeah?"

"Don't wear any panties all day Wednesday... and as short a skirt as you can get
away with. I'll be thinking of you all day. Call me at lunch, okay?"

"Sure," Lisa said. "Bye for now." And she hung up. I was embarrassingly wet
again. My mind race forward to Wednesday.

"Dan." I called downstairs.

"Yeah."

"Lisa wants me to come over Wednesday about 7:30 for awhile. Do you mind?"

"Sure. Whatever you want, Wendy."

"You've got kids then."

"Yeah. Sure. Fine." I knew I'd have to remind my football junky, but that was
arranged.

At 9:00 PM I stood in the living room ready for whatever Dan had going. Dan was
dressed in slacks, a cream colored dress shirt, and tie. I was decked out in my
best navy suit, low cut satin blouse, matching navy bra and panties, new hose,
and make-up.

"So what's up?" I puzzled at Dan.

"I'll be right back." Dan returned with three small gift-wrapped boxes. The
wrapping paper was for a wedding. "Whose getting married?" I asked. I didn't
remember seeing or hearing about a wedding invitation of late. Dan grunted
something unintelligible and skipped out the back door. In about five minutes he
returned with Bud on a leash.

"To be precise you are." He handed Bud's leash to me. I stood my mouth gapping
open. Bud sat at my feet. Dan stepped in front of Bud and I. He took a 3X5-note
card from his shirt pocket and began.

"Do you Wendy, take this Lab, Bud, to be your Sire; to serve and satisfy from
this day forward?" Dan paused and looked at me with that silly grin. I knew at
once what his silly behavior all week had been about.

"I do." I bent to scratch Bud's head. Bud looked up at me wagging his tale.

"And do you Bud, promise to service and satisfy this woman, Wendy, as your Bitch
from this day forward?" As if on cue Bud looked at Dan and barked.

"I'll take that as an 'I do'? Then as the Master and Mortgagee of this house I
pronounce you Sire and his Bitch." Dan reached into his coat pocket extracting a
handful of rice and tossing it over Bud and I. Bud barked loudly several times.
Dan scratched his ears.

"Congratulations, young Sire." Dan stood to me, a present in his hand. I took it
all in the spirit of the event. Dan was having the time of his life. I found it
funny too.

"I thank you, Sir." I tugged the wrapping off. It was a fairly nice dog collar
with a shiny tag. It read: BudII, 6/12/99, and our address. I handed it to Dan.
With great pomp he removed Bud's old collar replacing it with the new one. Then
Dan handed me the second box. I removed its wrappings. It was an identical
collar. It read: Wendy/BudII, Wed - Sat, 6/12/99. I starred at it motionless.
Dan reached over removing it from my hands. He placed it about my neck.

"This will be worn by you every night from now on." Dan handed me the last box.
It was smaller than the others. I opened it. It was a small white gold chain
with a small shiny metal tag on it. It read as the last: Wendy/BudII, Wed - Sat,
6/12/99. Dan knelt placing it around my ankle.

"This you will wear from this day forward." He stood to kiss a very dumb founded
'Bride'.

"All that is left is for Bud to consummate his Bitch." Dan placed Bud's leash in
my left hand. He took my right hand. Dan led me up the stairs to our bedroom.

"Strip naked." Dan spoke playfully. Dan stepped to our video camera. He had set
it on a tripod across the room. I looked at him as I began to unbutton my
blouse.

"Wedding pictures." Dan adjusted the lens. "If I remember the pictures
correctly, I will tie your arms to the sides of the chair in a kneeling
position. You will spend tonight in that position, completely accessible to your
new Sire. I will put the socks you laid out on Bud's paws."

I stripped as I was told. I knelt over a large beach towel spread on the floor
next to the chair. Dan tied my hand and arms to the chair as he said. Bud
watched from his bed, his tail waging. Dan began massaging my dildo along the
sensitive inner regions of my thighs. By the time he found my slit I was wet.
Dan spread my pussy scent all about my ass. I was nearly dripping, my first
orgasm of the night only a second away when Dan stopped. My mind revolted
against the dismissal. Dan showed the business end of my dildo to Bud. Bud
sniffed it and began licking. Dan called Bud over to my ass. Bud nose was cold,
his tongue gratifying. Bud soon mounted his Bitch.

"I will leave you two alone for the next hour. When I return I will release you
to do your business. Then you will be returned to your wedding night duties. May
Bud consummate his Bitch as eagerly as I did my new Bride. In the morning I will
re-take the fullness of my wife."

Bud had found my pussy with his hot cock. My mind was lost as the first orgasm
of my 'Wedding Night' exploded. I did not hear the door close behind Dan.

Bud was eager, inexperience, and untrained. I was willing. Bud consummated his
Bitch. Dan returned as promised. After I was released from my chair Dan tethered
the leash to my collar and led me to the bathroom. He released my collar waiting
for my return. I finished my 'business'. Dan reattached my leash returning me to
my chair.

"I am ready for bed now." Dan climbed into his bed alone. I was tied to my
chair. Bud lay licking himself clean upon his cedar filled blanket. I knew he
was not done tonight... Sleep came mostly upon exhaustion. My chair was not a
thing of comfort. And Bud was not long to recover his sexual passions. It felt
good to be tied, knotted inside again. I never spoke except to say Yes, Master
to Dan.

In the early morning light Dan arose. He called Bud over to me again. Bud needed
no encouragement. Bud fucked his Bitch eagerly in front of my husband. Dan
untied me from my chair. Bud still tied to my pussy. Dan watched. I came again
as Bud's hot knot gushed jism into my wanton pussy. After ten minutes Bud
slipped from within me. I stood stretching my stiff legs. I was a sticky mess.
Dan tugged my nipple chain to him. I followed. He undid my collar placing it in
my hands.

"Until tonight, My Dear. Now you are my wife. I will take your Sire outside.
Shower and clean up. I want to fuck my wife when I return."

"Yes, Master." And it was done. I was Bud's Bitch and he my Sire. In the early
morning light Dan and I fucked wildly. How great that sex was!

* * *

Lisa and I began seeing each other at least once a week. We had great sex. Our
love, friendship, and respect deepened with each encounter. I fucked Bud almost
daily. He was young and sometime too eager, but he was learning. He was
beginning to respond well to verbal commands. Dan was a good husband, a
developing Master, and had found renewed sexual drive. My pussy was getting all
the attention a wanton woman could ask for. My sex life was nearly perfect.

Then the night I got an e-mail from the club. It was simple enough. "Get Lisa in
your home 8/10/99 in the AM. Be gone. Apartments raise too many questions. Tell
no one!" I reread the message twice before deleting it.

"Yes, Master," I mumbled under my breath. I knew what awaited my lover and
friend. My stomach knotted. It was time to pay up.

"Lisa," I called her that same evening. "Can you come over to my house Tuesday
morning? Yeah, about 8:30. I need some help for a few minutes... It's a
surprise. I have to take the kids to the sitters so I might be a little late.
Make yourself at home." I sat to the keyboard, drawing a deliberate slow breath.
I tapped out. 8:30 AM, 8/10/99... and pressed send. "CONFIRMED, Mistress"
flashed across the screen. My heart sank a bit. I had really wanted Lisa to join
me. Yet now, well, things were so perfect in my life. I just hated to see Lisa
gone.

On Tuesday the 10th of August I took the kids to the babysitters early leaving
the back door unlocked. I went straight to work. I knew what I would fine at
home by noon. I hated my selfishness for the moment. I hated what was awaiting
Lisa. I tried to busy myself through the morning hours. It was of little use...
at lunchtime I race home. The house was exactly as I had left it this morning,
except...

On the dinning table were a plastic bag and several documents. I knew what I
would find inside. I guess some morbid curiosity forces us to experience the
obvious. I opened the bag to examine the contents. There were Lisa's clothes,
and a baggie containing tuffs of soft curly red hair, her bush. Tears filled my
eyes. It was hard to see through my tears as I looked at the documents before
me. "SOLD" in large red block letters across a copy of the contract Lisa had
signed. An invoice stamped COLLECTED ITEM and the date, today's date lay beneath
it. A tear trickled down my cheek.

"Sorry, my love," I choked out hoarsely. I sat on a chair allowing the tears to
flow freely down my cheeks. Truly I was sorry for the trauma Lisa was going
through on this first day.




LISA'S ABDUCTION

Lisa was looking for Wendy that morning not three men dressed in black leather
hoods. The largest of the three greeted her as she entered through the back
door. They did not get the surprise from behind that Wendy had gotten. One man
stepped behind Lisa blocking the doorway, the large man in front.

"We have come to collect our property." Lisa looked dumb founded, then panicky.

"What property?" Lisa asked retreating into the man behind her.

"Why you, Lisa." The large man spoke. The man behind her grabbed her wrists
immediately drawing them behind her. Lisa stood motionless. She knew now exactly
who they were. They placed leather wrist cuffs on her locking her wrists behind
her back. They led her to the living room in silence. Lisa fought her fears
diligently. When they arrived at the couch one of the men from behind place a
ball-gag about Lisa's head. She opened her mouth accepting her situation
completely. The black tube at her ankles made her very uncomfortable. Her wrists
bound. Her ankles bound. Lisa's eye caught a glint of light off the blade of the
scalpel. Her eyes widened instantly in utter panic. Two men held her arms tight
as the large man cut through her blouse, then her bra. She struggled but they
held her firm. He unzipped her skirt, smiled and cut through her hose and
panties. Lisa was naked. Sweat began forming upon her forehead. Lisa's eyes
darted about wildly as her heart pounded. These men were rapists, not at all
here to collect her for some bondage club. And she had not even struggled
against them!! She was filled with rage as much at herself as at them. The large
man took out a pair of clippers. Lisa began to flail her arms. They were not
going to get her this easy. The large man pressed a button on a small black box.
Lisa struggled only to loose her balance as the spring-loaded spreader bar
sprang Lisa's legs three feet wide apart. She was stunned by the complete
surprise of the incident. Lisa stood still as the man shaved her soft bush into
a small baggie. The large man took out a thick leather belt with several large
steel rings. He placed it about her waist cinching it way too tight. It seemed
to cut Lisa in half. Then her wrists were unlocked. She struggled to free
herself. The men were far too strong. One by one her wrists were locked to the
rings at the side of her waist belt.

"Bend her over the couch."

Here it comes, Lisa thought to herself! They drug her to the couch pushing her
over the back. Lisa's head hit the cushion. She steeled herself against the
pending rape. She felt cold greasy cream being applied to the bottom. A butt
plug began forcing her soft tissue apart. Lisa tried to yell but the ball-gag
and couch cushions prevented anything but a very muffled sound. Finally Lisa
sphincter seal up about the base of the butt plug. The men stood Lisa back to
her feet. She felt wobbly as the blood rushed from her head. The large man took
out the biggest dildo Lisa had ever seen. It was nine inches in length and as
big as her own forearms. He forced it rather roughly into her tightly contracted
pussy. It hurt. Pain spread through her insides as the end impacted Lisa's
cervix. It was still out an inch or so as Lisa was not a large woman. The man
grunted. One of the men from behind her buckled a leather strap to her waist
belt at the back. The large man reached between her legs retrieving it as it
dangled freely. He pulled it tight up through her legs. He pulled hard on the
strap end painfully forcing the remaining dildo inside Lisa's twat. She buckled
at the center. He fastened the first of three buckles. In another minute he had
completed his task locking the buckles from Lisa's reach. Lisa began to ache at
her center. She felt stuffed, almost wishing they had raped her. The pressure on
her insides was nauseating. Lisa slouched forward slightly to ease the pain.
Someone from behind began gathering up her hair. Lisa tried to turn her head
slightly. She was yanked back to the front by her ball-gag. The Leather hood
slipped over her head. With a few careful tugs she was zipped into darkness.
Lisa felt overwhelmed; completely possessed by these men. A leather band was
placed about Lisa's neck. They pulled it taught, but not too tight. All was
silent, dark. Lisa was scared. She felt a hand cup her breast. Strong fingers
rolled her nipple... Searing pain shot through Lisa's breast as the man attached
the first nipple clamp smashing her tender nipple at the center. Lisa tried to
scream in pain. She tried frantically to struggle against the pain. Tears
flooded her eyes as she could feel the hand upon her other breast. Barely, just
barely through the pain and terror raging in her breast Lisa pulled away
screaming an audible, "NO!" The next clamp sent new torrents of pain raging
through Lisa's chest blocking any sensible input to her mind. Someone depressed
the spreader bar. They began dragging a barely conscious woman towards to back
door. Lisa staggered, struggled, stumbled, and was lifted into some kind of step
van at the back door. Her head was pushed forward into a groove, each arm
released from her waistband rested easily next to her head. Stooping forward
relieved the pressure at her center. Her nipples were becoming numb to the
searing pain. As each nipple became more numb to the clamp, a slow burning fire
grew in her breasts. Her chest flaming painfully in her mind. Lisa rested
forward. One of the three men closed the pillory over her arms and neck. Lisa
struggled recognizing far too late the nature of her resting-place. She heard
the lock click closed. The other man sprung the spreader bar as soon as the
pillory was closed. Lisa's leg shot wide. She staggered struggling for balance
as she heard the van doors closing behind her. The engine started. Lisa wept
beneath her hood as the van bounced out of the driveway.

The clock started - $900 by $50 makes for eighteen fun-filled days at the
compound for Lisa.


Day One

Lisa's nipples throbbed. Her breasts burned. Her ass stretched and stuffed,
hurt. Her pussy crammed too full made her insides ache. The bouncing jarring
van-ride compounding every pain. Her mind whirled in agony as she felt the van
jerk to a stop. It was black inside the van, black under the hood. She hurt too
much to be scared. The van door clatter as it rose above her head. Her body
tightened as she felt a human presence. The lock on the pillory clicked. The
headboard rose freeing Lisa. She stood straight as she could. Her legs spread
wide by the bar. A strong man at each arm locked Lisa's wrists onto her
waistband. The tension in her ankles slackened. The spreader bar removed. Lisa
was helped down from the van, still hooded, in total darkness. There was sand
beneath her feet as she stumbled along with someone leading her. Lisa's heart
arose from despair. There was another woman's voice she could hear.

"Bring her here." A gruff man spoke. Lisa stumbled forward. A length of heavy
chain was locked on to her left wrist cuff as it was freed from her waist belt.
It was run through a ring in her neck collar, measured to length, cut and locked
onto her right wrist cuff. Another length of chain was locked to her left ankle
cuff, run up through a ring in the front of her waist belt, measured for length,
cut and locked onto her right ankle cuff. She was chained and locked into the
next eighteen days.

Someone grabbed her wrists and led Lisa through a doorway. The floor felt wooden
beneath Lisa's feet. That was nice. She staggered along until he pulled her to a
stop. No one spoke much, but Lisa knew there were others, women like her, she
had heard them. Something ticked the clamp on he right nipple. In a terrible
painful instant the clamp was removed. Lisa's knees buckled as a fiery pain
raced through her breast. It was far worse than the numbing, burning she had
felt only moments before. Something cold took hold of her nipple stretching it
away from her. Lisa felt a burning prick against the side of her nipple. Lisa's
nipples were small, petite, softer than some. Her aureoles mottled red blending
into the complexion of her ample firm breasts. The piercing needle passed
through fairly easily. A picture of Wendy's nipple rings and chain flashed into
Lisa's mind. She knew what was happening. How she had enjoyed Wendy's rings...
and now Lisa had her own. She felt something tick the other clamp. This time
Lisa was prepared for the searing pain, though it did little good. The piercing
needle passed through Lisa's other nipple. Then she could feel heat radiating
towards her nipple. She nearly burned herself fearing the branding iron. Two men
held her more firmly as the chain was measured, cut and welded onto her new
rings. Lisa's breasts were clearing of pain. Her nipples had a radiant burning
sensation through them. She could feel the swinging of her new chain in each
breast as she walked behind the man leading her into an adjoining room. She
liked its feel. Lisa tried to smile about her new chain but the situation simple
would not allow it.

He unzipped her hood tucking it into her waistband. The light hurt Lisa's powder
blue eyes. She had not seen sunshine for nearly the whole of the day. Her vision
was blurry, but clearing. As she could see about her, there stood other women
clad exactly as she. Ten as she counted. Lisa nearly choked on the ball-gag. Her
jaws ached. In another few minutes a woman clad in black leather entered the
room followed by several women dress much as Lisa only without hoods and gags.

Each new woman had an escort. Lisa's Mistress was a lovely tall fair
complexioned woman. She reminded her of Wendy. She removed the ball-gag as the
Head Mistress began to speak.

"Each of you will be give a paper with the schedule on it. Your Mistress will
review the workings of your daily schedule. You will be allowed to speak only
when spoke to. And you will respond with a simple; Yes, Master or Yes, Mistress.
You will do exactly as you are told or you will be punished severely. Do you
understand?"

A muffled Yes, Mistress came from the newbies. The Head Mistress stepped aside
as a large man in black leathers approached the podium.

"This will be your only question and answer period. Some of you have sold
yourselves as life choices; others were sold to us by your significant others
for a period that you are aware of. Ladies I bought you. I own you. Your bodies
and everything about you is mine while you are here. I will do with them as I
wish. And you will do as you are told. This is not an option.

"You have received a schedule. Learn it. Allow me to recap the important areas.
The club opens at three PM everyday. Every other day each of you will work the
dungeons. On the off days you will be allowed to rest and work the lounge areas.
You will earn tips for your services. These tips will be collected and returned
to you at the end of your stay with us.

"I make money in three ways. 1- I buy woman to work in the club. 2- I buy, train
and sell woman of bondage. 3- I train and breed dogs for the pleasures of woman.
You will work in each of these areas. At the end of your stay each of you will
be sold at auction. Your sales price as well as the club markings will be
branded upon your pussy. These are permanent reminders of your stay with me. So
make an effort. You don't want to be branded a two-bit whore for the rest of
your life. Questions?"

The image of Wendy's brands came into Lisa's mind... and her pussy rings. This
was where she had received all these things. A twinge of future anxiety flashed
across Lisa's twat as she thought about being branded. $20,000 was Wendy's sales
price. She would have to try and best that. Lisa stood motionless listening. She
really wasn't sure yet what she did know and did know.

"What exactly are you referring to when you say tips for services?" A brunette
asked.

"If a member asked you for something you do it, perform it, tolerate it, or show
it without question." Well, that was simple enough.

"Are you referring sexual favors?" she pressed on. Of course, dummy! Lisa
thought.

"Fuck it or suck it, Lady" Well, Duh...

"The hell I will, and what of this auction?" a short blond blurted out rudely.

"It is exactly that, an auction. You will be sold, period. If your significant
other chooses he may reclaim you... or he may accept the sales price less my
commission... All sales are final. If you or he accept the sales price you will
be shipped promptly to your knew owner. There is no choice in this matter," she
snorted.

"You can't sell me. That's illegal," she retorted.

The Head Master looked directly at her. "I own you, and I will sell you. And if
you have this attitude at home I can't see your husband refusing your sale. And
you will be shipped within the same hour of the auction. I promise." She grunted
her refusal and mentioned a lawyer.

The Head Master turned to the Head Mistress. "Call her husband give him ten
thousand cash today. Call Jorge in Bogota and tell him I've got one for his
dungeon. Brand her a 'Two-Bit Whore' and get her on the next plane."

Two large men took seized her arms from behind. She screamed bloody murder. Her
mistress replaced her gag. Two more grabbed her legs. They carried her fighting
and struggling out of the room. The Head Mistress simply left the room during
the commotion.

"Anyone other questions?"

Stunned silence had befallen the room. This was too real all of a very sudden.
Wendy's guarantee of security rang loudly in Lisa's ears. Wendy would never sell
Lisa for the money. After several very long moments of silence an Asian woman
spoke up.

"What did you mean by dogs for the pleasures of woman?" Her tone was very
subdued.

"I breed and train dogs to fuck woman. Each of you will be provided one dog to
train daily. You will breed, feed, walk, play, and groom this animal. You will
maintain his kennel. And you will be his Bitch. Do you understand?" The Head
Master's patience had been spent on the short blond. He was blunt and forceful.

The small tag on Wendy's ankle, of course, Wendy had 'wed' Bud, their dog. She
was his Bitch. And Lisa had spent the past two months sucking Wendy's pussy...
Oh, well, tasted good at the time. Lisa smiled to herself. Eighteen days? She
could do this. The Head Master left the room to stone silence. He was not a man
to be trifled with. Each Mistress began by replacing the ball-gag. Then leading
the newbies from the room. Lisa followed hers in complete silence.

When they arrived at her room the Mistress undid her gag. She removed the locks
about the chastity panty holding the butt plug and dildo in place. Lisa stood
quietly while the Mistress unbuckled and removed the belt. The Dildo in Lisa's
twat clunked upon the floor. Lisa looked startled at her Mistress. They both
laughed out loud. The silence needed to be broken. Silence had been simply
deafening since the blond had been hauled off.

"The linens are on the bed. There are bath facilities just inside. You'll need
to keep clean here. And shave that." She pointed to Lisa's roughly trimmed
mound. Lisa bent down to retrieve her toy from the floor between her legs.

"Did he really do that?" Lisa asked still incredulous.

"You better believe it. She will not be here come work time tonight. Do what you
are told." Lisa could see the wisdom in that advice. "Let me review the schedule
with you. Meals are prompt. Be early to your assignments. The work in the lounge
is easy, the dungeons can be tough depending on who shows up."

"And the dogs?" Lisa asked removing the butt plug.

"You'll get used to it. I personal hate it, but many of the woman love it."

"Are the tips worth the service?" Lisa asked sarcastically.

"Sure are. I make more in one night in tips than my husband does in a week." The
Mistress turned to leave. "You'll be required to wear your plugs and chastity
belt unless you are working the dungeons. Follow the crowds. They know where
they are going. You best clean up. Dinner is in a hour and work follows."

"I have a problem with the dildo," Lisa said.

The Mistress chuckled. "Yes, I could see that. Talk to the Doc in the morning
only he can fix that." She turned and left Lisa to her own. Lisa starred blankly
around the room. "This could be fun... or a real nightmare for a woman." Lisa
was determined to make it as much fun as she could.

It was awkward cleaning up with all the chains. Their very weight was simply
bothersome. And Lisa's nipples hurt at the slightest touch. They may not have
been at thick as some, still they were much more sensitive than most. She rinsed
cool water over the piercings. It seemed to help some. Lisa made the bed. A bell
tolled somewhere. Lisa began fumbling with the plugs and leather belt. The
contraption was much harder to work with than she had expected. Women were
passing in front of her door. Lisa joined the crowd.

And so it began for Lisa just at it had for her lover and friend, Wendy. Lisa
was assigned to the Lounge for the night. There is a big difference between
fantasy, hearing a thing, and the very reality of it. And so it was for Lisa.
She had been told to show it, suck it, or fuck it. Only then it was out there
somewhere - a not real thing yet. And now in the Lounge it became very real.

"You're new here tonight aren't you?" The man tugged hard at Lisa's nipple
chain. Tears weld in her eyes. Her freshly pierced flesh revolted to the abuse.

"Yes, Master," Lisa choked out nearly dropping her tray.

"Stand here." Two men took their leave. The barman handed something to them.
They returned. One of them undid the locks about Lisa's chastity buckles. Her
dildo fell to the floor.

"Pick it up." Lisa bent to retrieve her toy.

"Bend over the table."

Lisa looked startled, but walked forward leaning over the table.

Crack a riding crop crashed across her bottom just below the fleshy round part,
directly impacting Lisa's soft pussy lips. Lisa howled in pain. She had never
taken such pain across her pussy. A hand sought to console her bottom. Another
crack more directly upon her pussy. Lisa jumped against the pain. She danced
holding her fiery bottom. Her labia screaming through her mind.

"Bend over."

"Yes, Master," Lisa sobbed. She braced herself for another blow and waited. Then
she felt his cock pressing against her vulva. He pressed hard as he entered her.
Lisa reeled as he began fucking her pussy. In another second someone else had a
protruding cock pressed against her mouth. She knew what was to happen obliging
him quickly. The man at her ass pumped away while she sucked the others thick
dick. Tears streamed down Lisa's shocked face. The man in her pussy came with a
loud grunt filling her pussy with his spunk. Lisa could feel that the man in her
mouth was having a difficult time holding out. She increased her attentions.
Something tugged at her bottom. Another man was removing her butt plug. Lisa had
never been taken in the ass. It felt new, uncomfortable, exciting... The man in
her mouth came quickly. She did her best to swallow his cum not daring to spill
a drop. She closed her eyes to the new sensation filling her ass. Lisa liked the
rhythm in her bottom.

Lisa came with a loud, "Oh, yes. Fuck my ass!" He obliged eagerly filling her
ass with his warm jism. They left her, not a word. Nothing! Just lying there
with cum seeping from every orifice of Lisa's body. She was in complete shock.
Lisa stood fumbling about herself, feeling used, discarded, and exposed. She
struggled to a recessed corner of the lounge to replace her toys and redo her
chastity panty. After a strong drink belted back at the bar Lisa walked back
into her area of work. Two of the men had returned to their original table.

"It's always fun to pluck a Newbie!" chided one to the other.

"Yeah. They're so... so... shocked." He laughed out loud. He took out a
twenty-dollar bill producing a clothespin as if from nowhere.

"Come here, Woman," he commanded.

"Yes, Master," Lisa replied, fear in her voice. He pinned the twenty to her
right nipple. Lisa reeled again struggling to deal with the fiery pain shooting
through her newly pierced nipple. The other man stood producing a twenty also.
Lisa knew what she was to do. Her breasts burned in pain as she retreated from
the two men. It took all the restraint she had not to attempt to remove the
money hanging from her tender nipples. By the time Lisa had worked two hours
quite a lot of money was pinned about her tummy and breasts. Her skin tingled as
she tried to focus on waiting tables.

"Come here." The Head Mistress summoned Lisa to the bar.

"Yes, Mistress." Lisa presented herself promptly.

The Head Mistress began removing the money from her body. Lisa found it very
intriguing how the feeling returned in a rush of pain. It was... stimulating as
she experienced the very intensity of it. Lisa counted some $120.00 in tips...
and the night was not yet over! Lisa ordered another margarita to rinse the
stale taste of jism from her mouth. The last man had left a lingering after
taste. The Head Mistress dismissed her to return to work. Lisa was beginning to
enjoy the whole sordid event.

As she had lay in bed awaiting sleep she had considered the nature of her
situation. She was alone. Her husband had divorced her sometime ago. She had not
been with a man, any man in over a year. She loved Wendy. She missed her. Longed
for her touch, her sent. But here, today every part of her sensuality and sex
had been on full alert. She felt more than satisfied or fulfilled... more like
over whelmed. Lisa's sense of her own sex expanded into every waking moment.
Lisa quite liked the feelings. A sense of anticipation had begun to replace that
of dread. She was almost looking forward to the next 17 days... all that? Take
it one day at a time she cautioned herself. Sleep slowly replaced excitement.

I almost ran to the computer. I wanted so much to be sure that Lisa, my friend
and lover, was okay. The computer booted so slowly it seemed like an hour-long
process. FINALLY! I punched in the address of the bondage club... Long moments
passed. I ticked my coded ID; the screen flashed... and there was Lisa being led
from the van. I remembered the horror I had felt. My heart pounded, a tear
moistened my eyes. Then the next picture. Lisa's nipple chain. I touched my
chest seeking my own chain with my fingertips. I remembered the pain... and how
much Lisa had like to tug me to her with my own chain. I smiled. A tear trickled
down my cheek. I keyed the mouse. The next picture began clear. Lisa was working
the Lounge. Actually she was draped over a table in the Lounge while someone
seemed to be readying to strike her fair flesh from above. I winced as the
memory of the flaming pains raced through my body. Then Lisa was being fucked as
someone in a black leather hood forced fellatio upon her. I remembered! I
remembered that I liked being fucked... often. My pussy flushed warm with the
memories. Dan would never ever know how much I had like the sex... and their
attention to my sex. My heart pounded as I reviewed each picture. My palms were
cold, clammy, sweating as I closed the web page for the night.

"Good night, Lisa. Take care..." I whispered at the glowing screen.

* * *

Lisa began the day with a touch of enthusiasm. She showered, dressed and hurried
along to breakfast, then to the Doc's. This dildo thing had to be fixed. She was
just down right sore. And worse she feared that the thing banging against her
internal organs might cause some real damage.

Lisa lay on the table. The exam was quick... Lacking any real professionalism.
Lisa was nervous about the situation. She didn't like Doctors much and this
seemed more voyeuristic than medical.

"Doc, the dildo is to large. I can feel it against my cervix. Is there a smaller
one I can use?"

"Yes, there are several available." The Doc inserted the dildo into Lisa. She
winced as it came into contact with her insides. The end was still several
inched from Lisa's vulva.

"I see." He spoke softly. He paused a moment as though in thought while rolling
her clit between his thumb and forefinger. A slight shudder ran through Lisa's
tummy. He smiled at her knowing exactly what he was doing. The Doc extracted the
dildo. After several minutes he returned to the examination table a shorter
version in his hand. It was still as wide as Lisa's forearm, just shorter.

"I want you to not use this for the rest of the day. You need to heal inside a
bit. I'll inform the Head Mistress. This is your replacement. It is
radiosensitive and will be activated at random throughout the day. It's new for
us. I think you'll enjoy it."

Lisa sat up. The Doc handed the new dildo to her with a smirk. She smiled back.
He was a 'dirty old man', and oddly enough Lisa was enjoying it. She hopped off
of the table and replaced the chastity belt with only her butt plug in place.

Lisa returned to her room. At the appointed time a Mistress showed up in Lisa's
room. She handed Lisa another paper with instructions on it.

You are to train the personal companion to one of our wealthiest clients. Your
efforts will be closely monitored.

"Follow me."

Lisa paused only long enough to read over the paper she had been given. The
dog's name was 'Benjamin August Bellevue III'. He was to be referred to as
August. His pedigree was lengthy! He was a Great Dane. She would be training him
as a companion while at the same time he was to be trained as a guardian by the
Head Master. Lisa felt a little awed by the event. She had never even been with
a dog... and certainly wasn't sure what was to be expected. She followed the
Mistress to the kennels.

The dog, just past being a pup, was large. Lisa was smallish. That seemed to put
them on a very equal ground. Though Lisa soon found out how much stronger this
pup was than she. That frightened her. She would have to be very careful around
him. His play might hurt her physically. His weight was more than she could
control. She grimaced as she realized that once had she would be at the mercy of
his desires for her. She would have to be emotionally strong to cope with his
size and strength or she would never "train" this dog. He was, however, an
example of his breeding, a beautiful specimen, silver gray, strong features, and
magnificent lines. Lisa took a quick peek at his sheath. He was more than large!
She smiled. Her thighs flushed warm as her stomach churned anxiously.

"This will be fun," she muttered scratching his tummy. Lisa attached his leash
and led him from the kennel. Lisa played with August for over an hour. He was
cumbersome in his size, graceful in his motion. She loved him instantly!

That night at the Lounge was much the same... except that now Lisa was prepared.
She eagerly participated in every sexual encounter. She closed her eyes and
savored each clothespin and its accompanying monetary contribution. Lisa had
decided to have fun, enjoy herself, and she was.

Dan and the kids kept me busy until well after dinner. Lisa had not left my mind
since her abduction two days ago. I knew the routine. Today she would be
introduced to her "Sire." Tomorrow she would be mated... something that would
forever change her sexuality. And tomorrow she would be introduced to the
dungeons. How would she fare with all of these? My mind raced leaving an
unsettled disturbance in my mind. Work was difficult. Home was difficult... At
last I sat to the computer. I felt much more patient as the computer buzzed,
clicked, and whirred to life. In only a few more seconds I was watching Lisa.

She seemed happy. No panic or stress appeared on her as I looked over her
countenance. And the dog... or small horse was utterly magnificent! I blushed at
the flame of desire I sensed in my womb. How could I be filled with such a lusty
desire for another woman's dog?! Yet I was utterly wanton as I sat gaping at the
picture before me. I was wet from the desire of my passions. I finished the
pictures confidant that Lisa would not only survive but also do all right for
the next sixteen days... And I wanted Bud... NOW!

* * *

Lisa arose refreshed from her night's sleep. She could not remember sleeping so
soundly in ages. A part from simple exhaustion, her body was satisfied beyond
the well-used stage. Her body and Lisa had needed the rest. She cleaned up
quickly. Lisa smiled as she fitted the new dildo into her vagina. It felt good,
full and yet thankfully there was no pain. Lisa cheerfully fastened the belt
about her loins and strode to breakfast.

Lisa flinched, sitting more straight in her chair. She giggled looking
sheepishly about her. Could anyone hear? Was there anyone else? Out of the
corner of Lisa's eye she noticed one other woman with an odd smile. Lisa
watched. She sat very still, her eyes closed... yes, she must feel it too. Lisa
settled as the dildo vibrated inside her. It had come on only moments before.
Lisa starred at a small nick in the tabletop. The vibrating buzzed on. Lisa's
tummy twitched. Her pussy contracted. Lisa shifted in her chair. An orgasm was
building inside her... then it stopped. Just like that it stopped. And she was
so close... Lisa's temper flamed at the denial and frustration she was feeling.
Then she smiled, almost laughing at the sense of teasing. Someone was simply
toying, playing with their bodies, her body, like their own personal play toys.
Lisa returned to her breakfast.

"Guess I'll just have to be quicker... or enjoy it for what it's worth," Lisa
said softly to herself. She giggled.

The Head Master greeted Lisa at the kennel. She had not seen him since the
introduction on the first day. Lisa remembered clearly how he had sold the
bitchy woman to Jorge in Colombia. He made Lisa very nervous.

"I am here to observe your mating with August." He spoke firmly. "Do you have
any objections?" A woman dressing in black leathers and a mask stood silently at
his side. She was about the same stature as Lisa. Lisa had never seen anyone of
her attire before. She wondered...

"No, Master. I am ready. It would be an honor to have you present, Master." Lisa
almost groveled before him. Fear does funny things to a person.

"Bring August and follow me." The Head Master stepped out of the kennels
followed in silence by the lithe figure in black. Lisa did as she was told in
silence. The young bulk of August was a struggle for Lisa's petite frame. He
wanted to play in the yard. The Head Master walked in silence towards an
outbuilding just to the side of the kennels. Lisa followed. At the entrance Lisa
paused looking down the hallway at what seemed like many doorways to stalls in a
barn. Lisa stepped forward behind the Head Master. He stopped at the entrance to
a doorway several from where Lisa stood. Lisa stepped inside.

There was a couch and sink. Concrete floors and a drain. Lisa stood in silence.

"Sit on the couch. Bring August to you."

Lisa did as she was instructed.

"Now caress his tummy and loins. I want you to work your way to his sheath.
Massage it with your hand until he his firm and extended."

"Yes, Master." Lisa was uncertain and nervous. She had never ever touch a dog'
anatomy this way. She was afraid; afraid of August, afraid of the Head Master,
and afraid of the unknown before her. Lisa's hand found August's tummy. He
flinched, uncertain as her touch found his sheath. August's legs stiffened as
Lisa's hand engulfed his cock. Slowly she stroked it back and forth. He
responded. Lisa was amazed at the size and heat she felt in her hand. Her mind
glanced forward to the thought of mating with this... in her hand. Her loins
flushed with excited heat. Lisa smiled...

"He is sufficient in size I believe." The Head Master spoke to the woman next to
him. "Your breeding techniques have done well."

"Stand."

Lisa stood.

"Remove your harness and plugs."

"Yes, Master."

Lisa obliged waiting his next command in silence.

"Lay across the couch."

Lisa knelt to lay over the couch noticing the chains and cuffs before her. She
knew where she was to be. Lisa positioned herself upon the couch. The woman
chained and cuffed her into place. Lisa's feet barely touched the floor beneath
her. Lisa spread her legs slightly.

Feelings of excitement mixed with trepidation in Lisa as she lay in wait. This
was something that Lisa had never considered until two days ago. It was beyond
new. She felt curious... then repulsed... then hot... then scared. The very
seconds seemed jumble in the moment of their passing. Lisa struggled with the
uncertainty of her own emotions. A breeze upon her bottom left a chill on her
damp vulva. She closed her eyes, conscious now only of the passions building
inside her. She could not deny her bodies response. She was wet, hot, wanton for
August.

"Come," the woman called to August. "August... Bitch."

The woman placed August muzzle into Lisa twat. He began to lick timidly, then
much more enthusiastically. Lisa felt his tongue penetrate the folds of you
pussy. A shudder ran through her body. A flush of passion flooded her labia with
wetness. August lapped Lisa up hungrily.

His tail wagged. His cock began to protrude its sheath. The Mistress slapped
Lisa's bottom.

"August... Fuck."

She helped August mount Lisa.

His weight pinned Lisa firmly to the couch. She could not have denied him now
even if she wanted to... and she did not. Lisa felt the hot hip of August's cock
poke against her bottom. The Mistress guided August's next thrust to Lisa's
pussy. He was inside her instantly!! Lisa gasped at the heat she felt upon her
labia. Her clit seemed to melt against his hot cock. In another few thrusts
August's size became very much apparent to Lisa. Her own smallish body was full,
more full than she could ever remember. Lisa's mind reeled against the
sensations rushing through it. She was over whelmed in passions. She came loudly
pleading for more. August was deaf to her. He was busy fucking her. His actions
became stronger. His strong paws holding her about the waist. His thrusts
jolting her forward on the couch. Only his weight kept Lisa's feet upon the
floor. August knot formed against Lisa's bottom. She felt intrigue was another
wave of ecstasy washed over her. Lisa gasped for breath. Her tummy muscles
contracting wildly. August pounding on buried his knot deep inside Lisa. Pain
shot through her loins at the shear size inside her. Lisa cried out. Then she
was overcome by the fullness, the heat of the knot expanding inside her body.
Lisa came again... and again... She gasped for air, struggling against her own
passions just to breathe. Then August began to come inside her. His jism was
hot. Lisa's insides burned with wanton passions as load after load of his hot
jism filled her tummy. Her tummy contracting, sucking his hot jism deeper inside
her womb. It began to squish out, to over flow, leaking streams of warm goo down
her thighs. Lisa came again. August rested. Lisa did not. Her body would not.
The pulsing heat of August knot inside her brought wave after wave of orgasm.
Lisa lost track of time and reality, though not consciousness. Time passed, eons
of time. Lisa collapsed too exhausted to move. It seemed like an hour before
August's knot slipped from within the folds of Lisa's pussy. Hot sticky goo
streamed down Lisa's thighs puddling at her feet. August left Lisa to clean
himself. Lisa lay still...

"She will do nicely." The Woman's voice was soft, though not gentle, almost
commanding.

"You will learn the commands just as the Mistress has given them." The Head
Master spoke to Lisa as she lay upon the couch. "Clean up. Groom August. And
return to your duties."

"Yes, Master," Lisa managed to say. The Head Master followed the Mistress out of
the room. Lisa felt worn, used up.

Lisa did as she was instructed. And returned to her room. There she showered and
prepared for the evening. Thankfully there was enough time for a very brief nap.
Lisa dozed quickly. She felt refreshed as she dressed for the evening. This was
to be her first night in the dungeons. She had heard women screaming from there.
She was anxious, concerned about what would happen to her. She had been assigned
the wax room. Lisa had no idea what that could mean. She walked along silently
in her chains to fulfill her assignment.

The Head Mistress seated Lisa in the wood 'X' frame and fastened her with
chains. Lisa sat in silence for the next hour. Bored, tired, and chained Lisa
waited. The strange woman in black leathers entered. Without a word she released
Lisa leading her to a table where she strapped Lisa securely. Lisa was spread
wide. There was no way to hide anything, no modesty of any kind, but then
honestly she had given up that idea on the first day.

The woman traced a finger softly along the contours of Lisa's breasts. She
lifted and toyed with the nipple chain dropping it without any ado. Lisa
wondered. Her fingers began to dance along the soft supple folds of Lisa's sex.
Gently she rolled Lisa's clit in her fingers. Lisa's tummy twitched.

"I know." The woman said with no real sense of explanation. Know what? Lisa
thought. She lay still, waiting. The Mistress left.

The woman, Mistress, returned ten minutes later. She was carrying a small silver
tray.

"Would you like to be gagged?" the woman asked.

"No, Mistress. But as you wish..."

"Have ever been hot waxed?"

"No, Mistress."

The woman lit a long slender dinner candle. The wick burned brightly above the
center of Lisa's being. Lisa watched transfixed upon the flame. Her eyes caught
the smallest bead of wax forming at the edge of the rim. It fell. Like a freeze
frame, slow motion camera shot Lisa watched this tiny clear droplet fall
downward. Lisa gasped instantly upon contact. The flesh of her tummy burned
instantly, seared by the droplet of wax, then the sensation was gone. Nothing...
no pain remained. Like a flash of great intensity replaced by a void of
sensitivity. Before she could recover, refocus upon the next droplets a fire
ignited upon her labia. Lisa emitted a shrill involuntary squeal in response to
the painful droplets falling upon her tender sex. Her vulva contracted almost
violently then flushed warm throughout her loins. Her legs jolted against the
straps binding her. Lisa's eyes caught the next three droplet descending upon
her right breast. Tears welled up in her eyes as the fire subsided. Another
dribble headed for Lisa's left breast. Lisa screamed at impact reeling again
against the straps binding her arms to the table.

The woman smiled holding the candle up right above Lisa. Tears streaked Lisa's
face. The Mistress produced a short stubby candle with a thick wick. This she
pressed into Lisa's naval carefully cementing it into place with several very
hot and deliberate dribbles of wax. Lisa wept as the wax dribbled upon her
flesh. Her pussy flushed with a hot sensation as the Mistress set another short
stubby candle upon the crest of Lisa's mound. Lisa screamed tearfully as it was
cemented into place. The next two candles found Lisa's breasts, cemented
directly over each nipple. The woman paused looking directly into Lisa's eyes.

"I will have you tonight after you are done here." Her accent was softly
European, her English good, her voice low, soft, and lusty.

"Yes, Mistress. I would like that." Lisa spoke as best she could through her
tears. The woman lit each candle beginning at Lisa's mound. Then with another
smile she placed the candle in her hand into Lisa's mouth.

"I would advise you to hold very still... and be very quiet." The Mistress
chuckled. The woman lit another large thicker candle from Lisa's breast. Small
pools of melted wax were beginning to form at the base of each wick. Lisa's eyes
were riveted upon the wick dancing above her mouth. A tiny clear bead rolled
from the edge. Lisa tracked it down the side of the candle until she lost focus
only an instant before it impacted her lips. Lisa fought the urge to move.
Through a great effort of will she forced herself to ignore the pain balancing
the candle more straightly. At that moment a stream of hot melted wax flowed
over the edge of the candle in the Woman's hand impacting just above the tummy
and below the ribs. Lisa's reflex was to jump violently... immediately beads of
wax flew from every pool spewing fire across the whole of Lisa's body. Pain
flashed through Lisa's brain from every tender place of her body. Lisa wept
struggling to regain stability. Pools began to form again. In another minute
each candle began to dribble scalding wax over its rim and onto the tender flesh
below. Lisa fought it. Her mind reeled for composure. Her body flinched with
anticipation. The Mistress poured a stream of wax on to the tender sex below.
Lisa screamed dropping the candle from her mouth. Hot fell over her face.
Puddles of wax sprayed about again coating her with droplet of the most
exquisitely painful sensations. Lisa's labia excreted her own body fluids. Her
pussy was wet. The Mistress focused her attention to Lisa's smooth twat. Coating
every fold, every pore, every tender crease of Lisa's sex in a layer of molten
hot wax, sealing the flow of her own bodies passions within. Next the Mistress
coated each breast mercilessly. Lisa screamed, cried, and struggled with the
pain.

Lisa was enjoying this. She was learning to change the very essence of the pain
into the most intense sensations she had ever encountered... akin to pleasure on
some odd new plane. Just about then was when the first of the wicks burnt
through. Lisa screamed as the flame seared flesh. The Mistress pressed her
finger upon the flame extinguishing it. The next was a few minutes latter,
followed by the last two wicks almost simultaneously. The woman took her time
about extinguishing the wick on Lisa's mound. It would leave a small mark.

"Till tonight."

She left Lisa where she lay. Twenty minutes later a man came and fucked Lisa
before releasing her. She was a mess of wax before the night was done. Lisa
learned much that first night.

Lisa was a bit startled by the Woman sitting upon her bed. She had said she
would be there, but, well, Lisa was tired and in point of fact had completely
forgotten about the promised tryst. Lisa drew a deep breath and entered the
room.

"You seem surprised. Did you not expect me?"

"Yes, Mistress. I had simply forgotten."

Lisa walked towards her.

"I have the keys. Come and I will remove your leathers and chains."

"Yes, Mistress."

Lisa stepped forward. It felt good to be rid of the chains.

"May I shower, Mistress? I am covered in wax."

Lisa stood before her Mistress.

"You may bathe, and I will wash your hair."

"Thank you, Mistress."

Lisa began to draw the bath. She was not allowed conversation, and chose not to
break the rules.

"May I bathe now?"

Lisa waited.

"Yes, you may."

Lisa stepped into the tub and sat down. The water felt good. Lisa relaxed,
closed her eyes, and drifted away. She did not see the Mistress approach... but
she did notice the sharp jerk of her nipple chain. Lisa sputtered sitting
upright with the pressure lifting upon her tits. The Woman smiled. And tugged
gently upwards stretching Lisa nipples, then breasts. Lisa sat watching her eyes
till tears blurred her vision. The Woman relented.

In silence she washed Lisa's hair. Moments later the Woman's hands had found
Lisa shapely firm breasts. Lisa stood. The Woman slowly removed her leathers.
From beneath her panties Lisa could see the brand; $22,000 and the Club
insignia. Lisa was stunned as she starred in silence.

"My choice." And she stepped out of her panties. The two women embraced. Then
walked to the bed. Lisa lay down drawing the Woman to her.

Wendy could not wait to see the pictures. She knew that tonight was Lisa's first
night in the dungeons. Wendy was worried, concerned about Lisa. Wendy was filled
with heat as she keyed to computer keys. The dog was a magnificent specimen!
Wendy clicked forward... and watched as Lisa was mounted for the first time.
Wendy remembered her first time. How odd it seemed then, how natural, common
now. She shared her sex with Bud almost daily. He was eager almost greedy... and
Dan was insatiable. He loved seeing Wendy tied to Bud.

Then the wax pictures. Wendy cringed. She could still remember lying there with
that stick waxed into her pussy, the pain exquisite. Though she had enjoyed the
wax room some it had not been her favorite. She and Dan had not continued with
the waxing. Wendy reviewed the pictures over and over, especially those of Lisa
with the Great Dane. Wendy needed Bud!

* * *

Several days passed before Lisa saw the woman, the Mistress in black again. Lisa
had found the dungeons to be difficult, fun but difficult. She had fallen in
love with August. And, frankly was enjoying her bondage. After breakfast on the
twelfth day Lisa attended the Doc. She had grown accustomed to the vibrating
dildo, enjoyed it in fact, but found it odd to have the damn thing going off as
she entered the Doctor's office.

"The Boss wants to see you." The Doc smiled. "Like the dildo?"

"Sure thing, Doc. You know you're a dirty old man," Lisa quipped.

"Sure do... Come for me before you go."

"Yes, Master." Lisa lay upon the exam table allowing the vibrating dildo to take
control. Soon she could feel an orgasm washing over her. Why fake it, when she
enjoyed the real thing so much!! The vibrator stopped. Lisa stood leaving
quickly by a side door.

"You summoned me, Master." Lisa stood head bowed to the Head Master.

"Yes. I believe you know Miss Denue." He spoke. It was the lady in black, the
Woman. "She is the owner of August... and a very wealthy client." Lisa smiled at
the Woman.

"Yes, Master."

"I want to buy you here and now." The woman spoke plainly. "I have offered
twenty-five thousand... and a commission. He has accepted my offer. Will you?"
Lisa was stunned. She stood in silence before the Head Master.

"May I speak freely, Master?" Lisa asked.

"You may."

"I had always considered returning to my own personal life in another week. I
have a lover, Wendy, one of your possessions some time ago. I am not sure..."
Lisa trailed off.

"You have no particular life to return to. You work in a non-career oriented
job. You have no kids, family, or husband. I will pay you well for the time you
serve me. I want you to work with me breeding dogs like August for the Head
Master to train and sell."

The Woman was enticing.

"And if I accept your offer. What of my things? And what of me?"

"I will own you for the space of five years. I will use you as I desire, as I
see fit. You will be my property just as you are here. I will retrieve your
things as you desire. At the end of your servitude you will be returned to
wherever you wish with a check for $25,000 plus the twenty-five from your
purchase and whatever you have earned here. That should be enough to get you a
good start on your own life."

"And when would I leave?"

"Day after tomorrow."

"And could I communicate with my friends?"

"No. You may write to your benefactor. The letter will be delivered. You will
have no contact that I do not approve for five years. I will own you, just as I
do August. I do not let him run nor will I allow you to run."

"And when must I decide?"

"You have until noon today. I must return to my own affairs at that time."

"If you turn this down you will still be sold at the end of your stay here. You
may accept that offer or not? And if your benefactor forecloses on the
auction... you will be sold, period."

"Yes, Master." Lisa turned to leave.

"I believe I will accept your offer, but I wish to consider it until noon."

Lisa left their presence. She had a great deal to think about. She found herself
standing in front of August's empty cage.

"I guess it is time for you to leave too." Tears stained Lisa's cheeks. "I love
you, August." She wondered on. The dildo began to buzz as Lisa entered the
dormitory area. She smiled and walked on. Walking was a challenge, fun, but a
challenge. The buzzing would eventually make it virtually impossible to walk.
Lisa paused to enjoy her orgasm; small, brief, and fun. The time passed quickly.
By eleven o'clock Lisa sat at the dining table to compose an explanation for
Wendy.

"I love you Wendy," Lisa said out loud finishing her note. Lisa presented
herself to the Head Master promptly at noon.

"I will accept your offer, Mistress" Lisa looked at the Woman. The Head Master
pushed papers across the table to Lisa.

"Sign these to make it all legal."

Lisa read them over carefully. Everything seemed to be in accordance with their
earlier discussion. Lisa signed and pushed them back. Lisa handed a small note
to the Head Master. It was addressed to Wendy. The Head Master pushed a button
on the intercom.

"This is your life choice. Enjoy it." He stood and left the room.

"I will care for you as I care for August. You will service me and mine as I
choose, but I think you will be happy. You will arrive at my Villa before weeks
end."

"Villa, Mistress?" Lisa seemed taken back.

"Yes. I am the Baroness Denue. We reside in the south of France." The Woman
stood to leave.

"I will serve you well, Mistress." Lisa said sincerely. Her head swam... a
Villa, a Baroness... the things of fairytales, an odd fairytale maybe.

A man entered as the Woman, the Baroness, left.

"Follow me."

"Yes, Master."

Lisa followed the Master out of the room and down a hall.

Lisa was strapped down securely before the branding began. A hood was placed
over her to prevent her from anticipation reflex. Lisa could feel the heat of
the iron seconds before it touched her flesh. By the mid-point of her branding
Lisa pasted out. It was an hour before she regained her senses. Her tummy just
above her mound hurt. Branding was every bit as painful as she had imagined.
Lisa struggled with herself. Her mind was still reeling from the pain... She was
overwhelmed at having signed herself into bondage. Lisa lay motionless, barely
conscious. One of the Mistresses helped her to her room. Lisa lay on her bed and
began to cry long throbbing tears something she had not allowed herself to do
since her arrival. Lisa fell asleep. She slept soundly through the afternoon and
night.

The next evening Lisa worked the Lounge. It was very benign. The word had been
given. She belonged to someone important. And that was that. No one beat her. No
one fucked her... and not much in the way of tips either!

The next morning Lisa was given a dress and bra to cover her in public. Her belt
and toys remained locked down. A limo pulled into the compound. It created quite
a buzz from the woman gathered at various windows. An escort appeared from
within the limo. He was given a key. Lisa stood tall next to the door. She was
chained, gagged, hooded, and placed into the limo. The ride was long. Lisa fell
asleep for most of it. Before Lisa's hood was removed she was in the air, on her
way to her new home. Her new life...


Comments are welcome @Golffdude45@AOL.com and Wendy31099@Yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





