BDSM Library - Parker 24: Christina




Parker 24: Christina
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: As a joke, a young accountant decides to play games with a taxi driver.  But the driver isn't playing.

                              PARKER24.TXT -- 1/1

                                   CHRISTINA
                                    (for C)
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

           WARNING: This story contains material of an adult nature.
           Specifically, it deals with sexual activities between two
           women. If this bothers, offends, horrifies, disgusts or
           appals you, I suggest that you read no further.

       Copyright 1995 by Parker. Feel free to distribute hither and yon,
       but do not feel free to change the text without permission. That
       would be a bad thing to do.
       =================================================================

     "Enjoy your week off," Susan told her, smiling. "You've earned it. Tax
season's always pretty intense."

     Christina nodded happily. She opened her mouth to say something, but
instead let out a loud hiccup. The two women giggled. They had just left the
staff party where they had been celebrating end of tax season. It was
Christina's first year with the new firm and everything had gone well,
particularly with Susan helping her out. The "end of the season" party had gone
on well into the night and both women were more than a little tipsy.

     The giggling subsided.

     "There's your taxi," Susan said, gesturing towards the street as a yellow
car pulled up.

     Christina looked at her boss, suddenly serious. "I wanted to say... thank
you for giving me the chance to work..."

     "Nonsense..." 

     "Really," Christina said, careful not to slur her words. "Most of the
partners wouldn't have let a junior accountant..."

     "I said 'nonsense'," Susan repeated, smiling again. "I knew you could do
it. You just get yourself home and enjoy your week off. There'll be plenty to
do when you get back."

     She leaned over and gave her junior associate a quick kiss on the cheek.
Christina reached up and touched the tall brunette on the arm. The two women
looked at each other in silence for a moment.

     "Well..." Christina looked uncomfortable for a moment. "Goodnight."  Her
head spinning from the alcohol, Christina pulled open the door and dropped
heavily into the back seat of the car.

     "See you next week," she called, shutting the door.

     Susan waved as the taxi drove away into the night.

                                     *****

     Christina gave the driver her address and leaned back in the car seat,
thinking of Susan.  Still smiling, the young woman sighed and brushed a loose
strand of light blonde hair away from her face. The work had gone so well...
for the first time, she began to believe that her career with Parker &
Associates was secure.

     It wasn't easy for a young, female accountant to make it in a big,
established firm, particularly a young woman who looked like Christina.  With
her slight build and large, green eyes set in a young, almost elfin face, she
appeared ten years younger than her 26 years. It was a constant struggle to get
the clients, and some of the other accountants (particularly the older male
accountants) to take her seriously.  She had always dressed in the most severe,
unflattering business suits, kept her wavy, blonde hair confined to a tight bun
and wore an unflattering style of glasses, but it wasn't until Susan Westbrook,
a female partner in the firm, took her under her wing and gave her a chance to
show her ability that people finally began to look past her appearance.  And
now, with the her work during the yearly tax rush, it looked like...

     "Nice lookin' friend y' have there."

     Startled from her thoughts, Christina shook her head and leaned forward.
"Excuse me?"

     "I said she's nice lookin'," the driver repeated. "Your girlfrien'."

     Christina frowned for a moment, puzzled by the driver's comment.
Girlfriend? And what...

     "Oh." 

     The young accountant sighed in understanding and sat back in her seat. The
kiss! The driver must have thought that her and Catherine were...

     Christina closed her eyes for a moment and imagined it. Her and Susan...

     "I didn't mean nothin' by it." 

     The taxi came to a halt at a red light and Christina opened her eyes as
the driver turned to look at her passenger. It was a black woman, middle-aged,
with very short hair. "I jus' couldn't help notice the kiss she layed on you
back there." The woman grimaced and rolled her eyes. "Surprised me." The light
turned green and the driver turned her attention back to the road. "Not," she
called out over her shoulder, "that I got anythin' against it, mind you. Not
me. Just a surprise, tha's all. Don' see a lot a' that sort a' thing, y'know?"

     Christina opened her mouth to explain to the other woman that she and
Catherine were not "girlfriends" and that they just worked together, but
something stopped her from speaking. Instead, she smiled.

     Maybe she could have some fun here.

     And, inexplicably, the thought of her and Susan being like that was...
well, interesting. It might be fun to pretend for a while.

     Not that she was really like that.

     "I'm glad it doesn't bother you," she said quietly. "A lot of people are
turned off at the way me and Susan... go on together." Christina saw the
cabbie's eyes go wide, staring at her in the rear view window. This *was* kind
of fun. "Actually," she continued, trying not to giggle, "that kiss was pretty
tame. Normally, Susan likes to be a lot more... public in her affections. If
you know what I mean."

     "Uh..." The black woman's eyes turned away in the mirror as she made a
quiet, strangled sound. "Uhm...".

     Christina took the opportunity to let out a quick grin. Then she composed
herself and went on: "She likes it in public, you know. Takes a lot of chances.
Me, I prefer a quiet night at home... a warm bath...". Christina felt giddy
with laughter and alcohol; she'd teach the woman to make assumptions.
"...there's nothing like the feel of a woman's skin after a long bath... don't
you agree?"

     "Uhmm..." The driver now seemed thoroughly embarrassed. "I... uh... I
guess. I mean, I don't know... I've never... I mean...".

     "Never been with another woman?" Christina feigned surprise, trying not to
laugh. "From the way you were talking, I just assumed...". The blonde woman
smirked. "Maybe you should try it."

     The driver's wondering brown eyes were on her again, wide and staring in
the mirror. Feeling daring, Christina stared back at her, licked her upper lip
and slowly undid the top button on her blouse. Stretching languorously, she
reached up and undid her blonde hair from its tight, little bun, letting it
fall loose on her shoulders.

     The driver kept staring.

     "After all," Christina went on, trying not to laugh, "you are an
attractive woman."

     "Oh uhm... I dunno about that." Clearly flustered, the black woman turned
her attention back to the road. "I dunno 'bout that."

     The taxi slowed down and took a left turn. Christina noticed with
disappointment that they were nearing her apartment. The game was almost over.
Just time for a couple more salvos.

     She'd give that woman something to remember!

     "Well, *I* think you are," Christina assured her, trying to sound as
sultry as possible. She couldn't help but giggle at the way her voice sounded.
To her ear, she sounded like a little kid trying to sound sexy in an
exaggerated manner.

     That gave her an idea for a finish to her off her little joke. Reaching
up, she twirled a lock of blonde hair around her finger and looked directly at
the rear view mirror. The taxi was stopped at a red light and the driver was
staring at her intently. Speaking in almost a little girl's voice, she licked
her lips and asked: "Do you think that I'm... attractive?"

     Christina looked at the driver in the mirror, her green eyes wide and
innocent. Again, she slowly ran her tongue along her lower lip. "Well?"

     The driver coughed. 

     "Yes," she whispered, her voice rough. "I do."

     The light changed to green, but black woman didn't turn away from the
mirror. She just kept staring at her passenger's reflection, eyes wide.
Christina smiled in what she hoped was a seductive manner; she really had this
woman mesmerized!

     Not taking her eyes from her passenger, the driver reached down, picked up
a cigarette from a pack sitting on the seat beside her and, hands shaking, put
it in her mouth.

     Christina frowned, keeping her saliva-moistened lower lip stuck out for
effect. "Please," she said quietly. "I'd rather you didn't smoke."

     The driver froze for a moment and then flicked her lighter, calling up a
small flame. She brought it up to the cigarette, keeping her eyes focused on
her passenger. Christina opened her mouth to say something, to complain, but
her throat went suddenly dry. Gathering her nerve, she tried again: "I said..."

     HONK!

     The car behind the taxi belched a rude reminder that the light was green.
The driver cursed and let the flame die in her hand. Letting She turned her
attention to the road, accelerated through the intersection and turned onto
Christina's street.

     The blonde woman let out a sigh of relief and relaxed in her seat.
Something had happened back there she didn't understand. She quickly did up the
top button of her blouse and tried to straighten her hair as the taxi pulled up
and slid into a parking spot in front of her apartment.

     Whatever it was, she home now. 

     "How much?"

     The driver told her.

     Christina reached into her purse and... 

     Shit! 

     No money. Christina closed her eyes and bit her lip. She had forgotten
about that final round at the restaurant. It had taken the last of her cash.
Now what was she going to... Oh, of course. She had some "mad" money in her
apartment. More than enough to cover the cab fare.

     The blonde woman leaned forward "I'm afraid I don't have enough on me to
cover it," she said, "but I do have some money inside. If you'll wait a minute,
I'll go get it." The black woman turned and stared at her. Christina felt her
throat go dry. "Uhmm...". She turned away, unable to meet the other woman's
gaze. "If you like, why don't you keep the meter running. I'll only be a
moment."

     "Uh huh." The black woman was sceptical. "I wasn't born yesterday, honey.
I'll jus' tag along to make sure you find your money."

     Christina started to say something, but the black woman had already shut
off the engine and was reaching for the door handle. Resigned, the young
accountant opened her door and got out.

                                     *****

     "Nice place," the black woman said, looking around the foyer of
Christina's apartment.

     "Just wait here," Christina told her, still nervous. "I'll get your
money." She turned and walked quickly through the living room and into her
bedroom. The cab driver had stood extremely close in the confines of the
elevator and she was more than a little jittery. There was something about the
black woman that sent...

     Good. 

     The money was right where she had left it. Christina pulled a couple of
bills from her drawer and turned to walk out of the bedroom. She would pay the
bitch and get her the hell out... Christina came to an abrupt halt as she
turned the corner leading from the bedroom into the living room, almost bumping
into the cab driver. The black woman was standing just outside the bedroom
door, smoking a cigarette. Christina's anger finally overcame her fear. She
opened her mouth to tell the woman to leave, but before she could say
anything...

     "I've been thinking," the black woman told her, exhaling smoke, "about
what you said before... in my cab."

     Christina's throat went dry and she suddenly felt woozy from the alcohol
she had consumed at the restaurant. She tried to speak, but nothing came out.
"After all," the black woman continued, taking a deep drag of her cigarette and
then letting it fall to the carpet, "you are an... attractive woman."

     Christina stared down at the cigarette smouldering on her carpet, not
noticing that the cab driver's voice had become different, her language more
refined. She felt the black woman's fingers on her chin, pushing her gaze
upwards... forcing her to look at the other woman's face, only inches away...

     "I..."

     "Shhh..." Christina froze like a deer caught in headlights as the black
woman brought her face closer and, still exhaling the smoke from her last drag
of the cigarette, kissed the young accountant. Christina let out a quiet squeal
as her lips parted and she felt the black woman's tongue invade her mouth,
aggressive and demanding. She tried to pull away, but the black woman's hand
had snaked around behind her head and, with a handful of blonde hair, held her
face close and tight. The driver's other hand came around behind her back and
pulled the young accountant into a tight embrace. Christina struggled
helplessly for a moment and then, dizzy from the alcohol and the feel of the
other woman's tongue in her mouth, melted into the other woman's arms.

     The kiss seemed to last forever. When the black woman finally pulled back,
Christina was panting in fear and confusion. Her body trembled as the cab
driver, a fistful of thick, blonde hair keeping her head immobile, slid her
tongue out and traced a slow, wet line from her chin up and around her
trembling lips.

     "Please..." 

     Christina's voice was a tremulous whimper as the driver used her free hand
to caress the young blonde's small, tight breasts through her blouse.

     "I... I've never... d-done this w-with... another...".

     "Never been with a woman?" The driver smirked. "From the way you were
talking, I just assumed...".

     To Christina's amazement, she felt her nipples harden under the touch of
black woman's the black woman's fingers. Her mind reeled, horrified at the
thought of being felt... caressed... of being used like this by another woman,
but her body...

     "Oh... you *do* like this, don't you." The black woman slid her hand in
underneath her captive's blouse and began to caress her breasts directly.
Helpless, Christina moaned and twisted weakly, her arms limp and heavy at her
side, as the black woman's hands twisted and tweaked her nipples, sending sharp
messages of pain and pleasure through her trembling body. "You really *are*
quite the little dyke."

     "Oh..." Through a haze of alcohol and arousal, Christina flinched at the
word, but she couldn't deny the feelings in her body. What was happening to
her.

     Inexplicably, she thought of Susan.

     The black woman brought her face close and began to place a series of
soft, wet kisses all over Christina's open, panting face. Her head held steady
by the other woman's hand, the blonde woman could do nothing but squirm as the
other woman's lips and tongue moved slowly over across her forehead and cheeks.

     "Oh yes," the black woman whispered, her voice close and heavy as she
kissed... and licked... "There's a honey... there's a good girl...". Christina
closed her eyes and felt the black woman's lips on her eyelids. "Oh yes...
goo-ood girl..." The driver continued her whispers of encouragement and
seduction, and the young woman felt herself drifting... drifting on the feel of
the black woman's lips... and tongue... the feel of her expert hand,
massaging... kneading... twisting her nipples... and slowly, ever so slowly,
sliding down over her fluttering tummy and down... lower... under the waist of
her skirt... lower... under her panties...

     "No..." 

     The blonde woman jerked forward as she felt the driver's fingers slide
down and over her... her moist pussy...

     "Shhh..." 

     The black woman continued to whisper calming words as she slid her fingers
slowly up and down over Christina's pussy, expertly massaging her sensitive
clit. The blonde woman again felt herself sinking down... overcome the
sensation of the other woman's touch on her body. She felt like she was in a
dream as the woman's fingers... and lips... and tongue continued their work.

     Soon - she didn't know how long... second? minutes? - she felt herself
reaching the point of no return... the sensations cresting within her body as
she began to buck her hips against the other woman's fingers, desperate for
that little bit of extra friction...

     Almost there... almost...

     "Mmmm...". 

     Christina let out a whimper of frustration as she felt the black woman's
hand pull away from her soaked crotch. Moaning, she opened her eyes to look
imploringly at the black woman's face, just inches away. She didn't understand,
or even know, what was happening to her, but she knew what she needed.

     "P-please," she breathed, her heart beating wildly in her chest,
"Please...".

     "Oh, but we hardly know each other." 

     The black woman smiled mockingly as she raised her left hand up and began
toying with the younger woman's breasts. Christina couldn't restrain a moan of
lust as she felt the other woman's fingers, still wet with her pussy juice,
sliding over her nipples. "I'm Selene," the driver whispered, tongue snaking
out from between her lips. "What's your name?"

     Christina tried to concentrate. "C-Christ... ahh!" The blonde woman let
out a loud gasp as Selene suddenly pinched a nipple. The brief burst of pain
was followed by a wave of pleasure. "Christina."

     "Christina." The black woman - Selene - smiled as her hand cupped the
young accountant's small, firm breast and jiggled it up and down. "That's an
awful grown up name for a girl with such little titties." She opened her hand
and rubbed her palm over the blonde woman's nipple. "I think I like the first
one better. It suits a little girl like you, don't you think?"

     Christina fought to concentrate as the black woman worked on her breasts.
First one? What was she talking about? She *had* to come. Desperate, she
brought her own hand up to her pussy, but the black woman just batted it away.

     "Don't you think so?" she asked again.

     "Ah..." The young accountant struggled to figure out what the black woman
was wanted from her. What did she have to do to get...

     Selene smiled at the look of confusion and desperation on the young
blonde's face. "'Christ... ahhh,'" she explained. "That's a better name for a
little girl. For a little slut. Krista. Don't you think?"  Christina felt
herself going red at the mocking, condescending tone in the black woman's
voice, but the ache in her breasts and pussy overcame her pride.

     She had to come.

     She *had* to.

     She nodded in agreement, green eyes wide in hope.

     Anything. 

     Please let me come.

     Selene smirked at the look in the younger woman's face. "Say it," she
ordered, trapping the woman's nipple between her finger and thumb and
squeezing. "Say 'Hello Selene. My name is Krista.'"

     Christina gasped in pain. 

     "Hello S-Selene," she stuttered, trying vainly to rub her crotch against
the black woman. "My name is... is K-Krista."

     "Why..." Selene released her grip and dropped her hand to the other
woman's crotch, rubbing her pussy through her skirt. Christina moaned and
pushed her hips forward. Selene resisted for a moment, giving Christina the
pressure she desired so much, and then moved her hand away. "... that doesn't
sound much like a Krista." She rubbed again for a moment and then pulled her
hand away again. Christina whimpered in frustration. "The Krista I know has a
much higher voice. She sounds like the little girl she is. Like she sounded in
the taxi."

     Christina whined in frustration and humiliation, recalling the little girl
voice she had used in the taxi. Did she want...

     "Try it again," Selene ordered.

     "Hello Selene," Christina repeated, speaking in a little girl's breathy
voice. "My name is Krista."

     "Better," Selene told her. "But it's 'Miss Selene' to a little girl like
you."

     Christina didn't even wait to be told. "Hello Miss Selene," she whined.
"My name is Krista."

     Please let me come.

     The black woman laughed. "Good Krista," she chuckled. "That's your 'Krista
voice' from now on. Understand."

     "Yes Miss Selene," Christina panted obediently, jerking her hips forward
at the black woman's hand.

     Without another word, Selene brought her lips down to Christina's face in
a fierce kiss. Moaning in passion, the blonde woman accepted the kiss, bringing
her arms up around the black woman and pulling her closer.

     Immediately, Selene pulled her mouth away.

     "Keep your hands clasped behind your back," the black woman ordered.

     Christina looked up at her, dazed. "But....

     "Do it," Selene insisted, pulling her other hand away from the woman's
crotch. "And don't forget the voice."

     "Yes Miss Selene." 

     Christina put her arms behind her back and clasped her hands together. She
shuddered as a thrill of lust ran through her body at the submissive act, but
didn't have time to contemplate it as the black woman went to work on her.

     The two women kissed, the black woman's tongue aggressively searching out
and toying with that of the moaning blonde. Selene's right hand roamed up and
down Christina's back while her left hand grabbed hold of the blonde woman's
blouse and ripped it open, scatting buttons across the living room. Christina's
moans raised to a fever pitch as she felt the other woman's hands teasing and
playing with her rock hard nipples. She ached to reach around and pull the
other woman close to her, to wrap her legs around the other woman's waist and
squeeze her tight, but knew that the moment she moved her hands from behind her
back, the other woman would pull away. So all she could do was writhe and moan
and wriggle in the other woman's grasp, giving Selene complete control of her
body letting the woman play her like a finely tuned instrument.

     Selene knew what she was doing. 

     Time and again she brought the whimpering blonde to a near climax only to
back off at the last moment.

     "What's your name?" she whispered, her tongue exploring the other woman's
neck.

     "Oh...". The blonde twisted and bucked, parting her legs to give the black
woman complete access. "...my name is Krista... Miss Selene... oh, please...
please...".

     Helpless under the black woman's expert touch, the blonde accountant
moaned her little girl name over and over again, in her little girl voice,
begging for the release that she so desperately needed.

     "Oh, please..."

     Tears ran from her green eyes to mingle with the glistening tracks left by
the black woman's tongue on her face. Her small, firm breasts bounced and
jiggled wildly, peeking out from her torn blouse as she bounced herself up and
down... up and down... on the black woman's finger as it mercifully slid in and
out of her sopping pussy... rubbing against her inflamed clit until, finally,
her world exploded in a riot of lust and pleasure, spiced with pain and
humiliation, as her body shook with an incredibly intense orgasm. Head thrown
back, moaning and panting her new name in her new voice, she threw herself
against the black woman as a second and then third wave of pleasure crashed
over her body, sweeping her under and carrying her up... up...

     "Oh god..."

     Christina let out a final shudder and slumped back against the doorframe.
Selene released her grasp and the young blonde slowly slid down the side of the
door until she sat with her back against the frame.  The black woman smiled as
she looked down at her.  The blonde's mouth was open and panting; her wide,
green eyes were empty and vacant, staring blankly upwards as the final tremors
of orgasm swept through her body soaking body.

     Selene knelt down.

     Christina's green eyes focused on the black woman, kneeling in front of
her. "Oh god," she repeated. "That was... I..."

     "Shhh...". Selene shook her head, smiling. "That was just the beginning."

     Christina looked puzzled. "But, I..."

     Selene frowned. She reached forward, grabbed the blonde woman's nipples
and twisted viciously. Christina let out a squeal and tried to squirm away, but
the black woman's grip was firm. "You've forgotten already? This is going to be
a long night." Releasing one of the girl's nipples, Selene grabbed a handful of
blonde hair and twisted her captive's head around until it faced the wall
mirror in the bedroom.

     "Look," she commanded.

     Christina looked.

     She saw herself: her wavy, blonde hair teased, tousled and matted with
sweat; her eyes, open and vacant in a face still glistening with sweat and
spittle; her small breasts, red and abused jiggling from behind the torn fabric
of her blouse; her slender legs spread wide and inviting on the floor; her work
skirt bunched up at her waist, exposing her gaping pussy and wet, glistening
thighs...

     "Take a good look," Selene hissed, her mouth inches from the blonde's ear.
"That's not a Christina... that's my little Krista. My little lesbian toy... a
barbie doll who loves - who needs - to have her pussy stroked by other women...
who's going to learn all about pleasing me with her tongue... who's going...".
The blonde woman began to pant as a fresh wave of lust arose within her at the
driver's words. The feel of Selene pinching her breast, pain at first, had
become pleasure, and she felt an ache burning in her pussy... spreading
upwards...

     "...do you understand?"

     Christina understood. 

     She turned away from the mirror.

     "I'm sorry, Miss Selene," she whispered, speaking in her little girl
voice. She clasped her hands behind her back, offering up her body for the
other woman's use.

     Selene wasted no time. Dropping one hand to the blonde woman's pussy, she
leaned forward and brought her lips to the young blonde's face for a long,
passionate kiss. When their lips finally parted, Christina was panting and
squirming on the floor.

     "That's alright, Krista," Selene murmured, her face inches away from
Christina's glazed, green eyes. "You're a good girl, aren't you?"

     "Yes, Miss Selene," Christina whispered, eyes wide. "I'm a good girl."

     "You'll learn."

     "Yes, Miss Selene."

     The black woman leaned forward and...

                                     *****

     Susan Westbrook stopped in her tracks and took another look. She couldn't
be sure, but it looked like... yes, it *was* her! After a quick glance to make
certain there was no traffic, the tall brunette dashed across the street.

     "Christina!"

     Two women turned to look. 

     One was a tall, black woman, with short, black hair, dressed in jeans and
a plaid work shirt. The other, the object of Susan's shout, was a small,
slender blonde woman...

     "Christina," Susan said as she approached the two women, breathing heavily
from her dash across the street. "What happened? I heard that you'd quit and
when I called, your line had been disconnected. Are you...". She halted in
mid-sentence, finally taking a close look at her ex-associate. "Jesus... what
happened to you?"

      The blonde girl standing in front of her was very different from the
young, professional she had last seen just six weeks earlier. That Christina
had taken pains to make herself appear older and de-emphasize her attractive
features. This Christina looked like... she looked like an over-sexed teenager.
Her blonde hair was streaked with platinum and was teased up into a high
ponytail. Her ears, formerly sporting nothing more than a tiny stud or tasteful
earring, were now triple-pierced, and held long, dangling pieces of junk
jewellery. The conservative business suit that the old Christina would have
worn was replaced with a tight, pink tube top and short, leather miniskirt with
pink, plastic pumps.

     Inexplicably, Susan felt a surge of warmth in her lower belly.
"Christina?"

     The blonde, her green eyes wide and vacant over pouty, pink lips, turned
to the black woman. "Miss Selene," she whined in a high, little girl voice,"I'm
sorry, I...".

     "It's alright, Krista. Hush now. I'll deal with this." The black woman
soothed her friend. The blonde  - Krista - sighed and rested her head on her
friend's shoulder.

     "I... what...". Susan didn't know what to say as the black woman turned to
her.

     "You're the woman who said goodbye to her," Selene stated, staring, "when
she got into the taxi after the staff party." Susan just looked at her,
uncomprehending. "I saw the kiss," the black woman continued. "I know what you
wanted." She smiled. "What you still want."

     Susan looked confused. "I don't know what...".

     "You could have had her, you know." Selene nodded at the blonde. "She
wanted you."

     Susan fell silent, turning her attention to Christin... Krista as the
young blonde pouted prettily on the black woman's arm. For the first time, she
noted the black choker - a collar - on the girl's neck.

     She could have had her. 

     The brunette felt her throat go dry.

     She could have...

     "Give me a call, sometime." The black woman pulled a card out of her
pocket and handed it to the accountant. "Something can be arranged." She
grinned. "If you're nice to me."

     Susan, stunned, just watched as the black woman turned. "Come along,
Krista honey. We've got friends waiting."

     "Yes, Miss Selene." The blonde woman followed along, her ass wiggling
beneath the tight, black skirt.

     The brunette watched them go and then stared down at the card, biting her
lip. 'If you're nice to me,' the black woman had said. What did she mean by
that? Looking around to see if anyone was watching, she opened her purse and
carefully put it inside.

     Maybe she'd find out.

                                    THE END
       =================================================================
                             All comments welcome.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





