BDSM Library - GirlFRIENDS




GirlFRIENDS
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An aerobics instructor takes what she hopes to be a weekend in the country with two of her female students. Unfortunately, differing agendae leads to much lesbian encounters, a quasi snuff filming and later, a straight sex encounter whilst crucified. The instructor survives, but is smitten with what some might label a Stockholm Syndrome, which in turns leads to an entirely different world to be further explored.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex, including that between the same gender. Please do not
read further if any of these subjects offend, or if you are not of legal age.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar.




GirlFRIENDS


	Spending the weekend with a couple of girlfriends met recently as students
of her workout classes was something of a lark for the 28-year old Cynthia. It
seemed like a fun idea to head for the hills when Kate had first suggested they
make. The idea first came up during an one of Cynthia's aerobics classes. All
she really knew about Kate and her friend Shara was they both seemed close,
worked at a photo studio together, and that Kate's uncle left her some cabin far
away from the bustle of the city. The last part most intrigued Cynthia-she
definitely needed to get away. This seemed like a welcomed opportunity to do
just that, and in the company of some students who seemed eager to have her come
along. Not that she was unpopular, or anything. Just that, well, Cynthia needed
the escape.

	They all brought along the usual gear, and Kate also brought one of her
video cameras. She said that by doing so, she could write the whole weekend off
as a business trip. That sounded like a great plan and Cynthia eagerly helped
Shara and Kate load the taping equipment into the back of Kate's SUV. Cynthia
rummaged through her knap-sack for some sunscreen, which she applied and then
shared with the others.

	No one told her, and little did she know that she would be the model for the
photo shoot, and that the "weekend" would actually last much longer. She also
didn't know that plans called for round-trip for only two of them, not her. Had
Cynthia known these facts, she hardly would have been so happy to join.
	
	Music blared from Kate's CD as they motored further away from the city.
Cynthia dozed in the back seat, while Shara sat up front, next to the driver. A
stop was made some sixty miles away at a fast-food place. The others had
pastries and cold sodas while Cynthia merely had an iced tea. Back on the
freeway, they went another 20 miles, and then took a turn off. Cynthia watched
as Kate drove and navigated along the two-lane road. Near a farm house, she took
a turn. Soon they were bouncing along a rutted, dirt path. Past a large oak,
Kate turned off again. She switched some controls on the dashboard and the SUV
used all of its four wheels to drive over the land. Crashing through trees and
around the larger boulders, the car along with its passengers finally came to
the edge of a clearing. On the far side sat what looked to be a small house.
	
	"There it is," Kate said. The other women looked where she pointed. Relieved
that they were almost there after the rough ride, the women cheered. "Sounds
like we're all more than ready to get out of this thing!"
	
	"Can we eat when we get there? I'm hungry."
	
	"Sure, after we first go skinny-dipping. How's that sound, Luver?"
	
	It was the first time she heard Kate actually use such an affectionate term
toward Shara. Not that she was surprised or even disapproved. The two were
obviously lesbians. Kate was the butch one with her stocky build and short hair.
She had the build of a power-lifter. During the week while she was doing her
training at the gym, Cynthia saw Kate lifting some pretty heavy weights. Shara
was the more feminine of the pair. The small-boned Eurasian was actually very
pretty in a soft feminine sort of way. Cynthia suspected what the two had going
on, but given her own eagerness to finally get to where they were suppose to be
going and out of the jostling ride, she quickly forgot all about her curiosity.
	
	"Sounds cool," she added, thinking that staying on their best side and
playing dumb was the way to go for now.
	
	The cottage grew larger and Kate braked the SUV to a stop. They had driven
miles off road and it felt good to not be constantly jarred. Doors opened and
all three stepped out.
	
	"Here we are. Let's bring our stuff inside, and then I'll show you the pond.
It's just in the back." Kate went to the door, used some keys to open it, and
waved the other two to follow her inside.
	
	"I'm still hungry, can't we just eat lunch now?"
	
	"Don't forget about what they say about cramps," Kate smiled as the others
unloaded their things. Cynthia looked around the interior of the cabin. It
wasn't bad. Uncle What's-his-name left Kate a pretty neat place. There was a
queen-sized bed and a closet that must contain a cot. Cynthia was glad that she
had brought along her sleeping bag.
	
	"Cummon, guys. Leave everything here, and I'll show you the lake." Kate
grabbed three towels from one of her bags. "Actually, like I said before it's
more like a pond but it's deep and cool. It'll feel great!"
	
	The others did as told and followed her back out into the bright sunlight.
Sure enough, just behind the place were some tall trees, and through them could
be seen the pond.
	
	"Are you sure it's okay? I mean, what about the neighbors?"
	
	"Cute, Cyn'. Nobody comes around here, and the nearest neighbors are ten
miles back. Just watch me. Last one in is..." Kate peeled off her black tank,
boots and shorts after tossing the towels down on the bank. Posing briefly, she
dove in. The splash signaled the others.
	
	The water was refreshing. All three squealed and splashed. Relief to have
finally made the break washed over them all. The water play must have lasted
nearly an hour when Kate said, "I'm getting out. You two can stay if you want,
but I need to eat." Cynthia and Shara looked at each other, and then both
decided to swim back to land. Cynthia used easy strokes to swim over to where
she had left her clothes.
	
	Stepping up onto the muddy bank, she shook water from her blond hair, and
then twisted more from its foot-long locks. Droplets cascaded to the soil at her
feet. Her right hand reached for the towel.
	
	"Damn, where is it?" She tore aside some brush and searched more. "Fuck!
Where are my clothes? I can't find them!"
	
	"You mean these?"
	
	"Huh?" Cynthia looked up from where she knelt. Kate and Shara stood
together. Both had on their clothes except Kate held a pile of Cynthia's, the
towel, and under that what Cynthia immediately knew was a gun. Pointed at her.
"Hey! What is this? Come on, fun's fun, but this is not funny! Give me those."
Her temper flared.
	
	"Pet, take these and cuff her wrist behind her back." Shara paused as she
held the police handcuffs in her hand. "Do what I tell you, NOW!"
	
	"Hey, wait a second", Cynthia said and stood to her full 5'10" height. These
two didn't scare her.
	
	"Don't make me use this, Cynthia." Kate's jaws fixed and her eyes glistened
threatenly.
	
	Cynthia decided to do as she said for now, and placed her arms behind her
back. She felt Shara lock each cuff on a wrist. The other girlfriend had also
decided to follow orders. The cuffs pinned her arms.
	
	"Good." Kate's tongue slowly licked her lips as she looked at the bound and
nude personal trainer. The fit body would make good video. "Let's all get going
back to the house. MOVE IT!" She grabbed a wet shoulder and shoved Cynthia
forward. As she did, she kissed Shara's cheek and smiled.
	
	"Ouch!" Her barefeet were too tender for the assorted twigs and rocks strewn
over the ground.
	
	"Shut your mouth and keep moving," Kate barked as the three made their way
back to the cabin. "Shara? We're not going directly back to the house. There's a
tool-shed on the far side. Let's go there. But, hold up here for a minute." They
had climbed the bank and stood on flat land. "Cynthia, now remember whose wrists
are cuffed, and who has the gun, okay?"
	
	Cynthia cursed under her breath. She couldn't free her arms to bash these
two and break loose. The slowly drying hair on her head swung from side to side
as she walked..
	
	"Good girl. Now," Kate reached into her bag as the other two watched, "I'm
gonna stick somethings in you. But, the thing is, you're not going to object,
right?" They watched her pull out some tubing and what looked like a filled
rubber bag. With it came a rather large-shaped hard rubber plug. "Just hold her
steady, Shara. And bend her at the waist."
	
	Cynthia looked around. She could see no sign of help: only trees, the meadow
and the cabin. She felt hands on her upper back force her to bend. Her face
grimaced as she felt the insertion of the tubing. Her insides seemed to be
filling up. She gasped as she stood bent forward. At last, the tubing seemed to
be withdrawn, but then the awful plug was thrust in. "NO!!!" Her knees buckled
and feet staggered, but she remained held in place.
	
	"Oh yes, my dear." Kate's voice almost sounded soothing as she stroked the
naked back. "You may allow her to stand up again, Shara."
	
	Cynthia's emerald eyes flooded with tears. Kate's face blurred before her.
She was about to spit at her, when she felt the first cramps attack. "GAAAA!"
She cried out and doubled on her own, falling almost to one knee. The fluid was
churning her insides.
	
	Kate patted one of the firm ass cheeks and said, "Just the first, Cynthia.
The plug is to help keep you from shitting it all out. But don't fear, we'll
remove it. In time."
	
	"Awwwwrgh..."
	
	"Help her to stand."
	
	Cynthia doubled at the waist. Nausea spun her head. She wanted to vomit.
Cramps came with tears.
	
	"Don't worry, hon'. You were so tight back there, I only inserted that plug
to the first stop. It gets much wider as it tapers out. Cummon," Kate said,
grabbing Cynthia's hair and pulling, "let's go and take care of your,
uhm...little problem."
	
	The three walked back to the cabin with Cynthia staggering between them.
	
	Kate stopped as they arrived in what was the back yard of the place. She
looked around and selected a spot. "Shara Baby, let's take her over here. You'll
pull out that plug, so run and go put on some rubber gloves. Get a garden hose,
too. This is going to be messy."
	
	Cynthia fell to her knees. The grass beneath them felt cool. A contrast to
the raging fires inside of her. She didn't care about any sense of privacy; all
she wanted to do was make the fire in her stop.
	
	"Stand-up, Cynthia. Here." Kate yanked the hair of the kneeling nude but let
her upper torso bend forward. Shara returned, this time wearing yellow gloves
that covered her forearms. She also brought along the hose.
	
	"There's a spigot over there. Hook it up. Then come back and let's do this."
	
	"Sure Kate." Shara was eager to please and hurried to fix the end of the
hose. She ran back to wherer Kate and Cynthia were standing.
	
	"Now, pull it out, but be careful..."
	
	"Ggaaaaaggghh." A brown torrent shot out of Cynthia as the plug was removed.
She almost fell to her knees again, but Kate held her up by hair.
	
	"Good. Now take the nozzle and wash her clean."
	
	The water from the hose splashed over Cynthia's skin. Shara made a point of
reaching under and between the blonde's toned legs and fingering her pussy.
	
	"That's enough, now stand back, " Kate said, "and hold her shoulder like
before."
	
	Cynthia had little chance to react, Kate inserted another tube, refilled her
stomach and thrust in the plug. This time it sank in deeper.
	
	"Ohhhh...," Cynthia moaned as she felt the second enema fill her and then
cried out as the plug widened her more. Her brain began to spin and she tensed
for the churning sensation to return.
	
	This time, it was not as bad, and Shara did as before. Through her
hair-messed tears, Cynthia saw the pile of loose shit just behind her. The sight
and the smell made her gag. She coughed, instead, and gulped as she looked away.
It made matters worse knowing it was her's.
	
	"Fine. Wash her good and let's go back to the shed." Kate didn't wait long
for Shara to finish and pulled Cynthia's crouched figure by the hair.
	
	"That wall over there, " Kate said and pointed to one of the rough wooden
walls that was just inside the door. "See that ring set into it?" She pointed to
an iron ring fixed into the wall about two feet off of the floor. Take her over
there. Set her back against the wall. Sit her down and I'll pad-lock her cuffs
to the ring."
	
	From where she sat on the floor, Cynthia's arms ached as they remained
behind her. The floor was dusty, but it still felt good to rest. Her legs were
kept free, so she also rested her hurt feet. She looked up at the two as they
towered above her. Kate had wrapped an arm around Shara. Both of them smiled and
kissed each other.
	
	"Let's go make something to eat, Baby. She'll be here when we get back."
	
	Minutes after the two left, Cynthia started to test the ring. Given her
position, it was hard to get any leverage. Her back strained. The ring held.
Ignoring the tenderness of her soles, she planted them and used her leg power to
lift her hips up and try to yank at the ring that held her wrists behind her.
The best she could do was shake the old wall.
	
	Frustrated, her butt once more fell to the floor. Panting from the effort,
she fought to catch her breath. As she did, she looked around at her
surroundings. The shed was actually a garage. There was an old truck over to one
side. A work-bench ran along the far wall. Open beams showed how rustic the
place was. There were two dirty windows, and cobwebs seemed to be everywhere.
Over in one corner, a relatively clean-looking tarp covered some bulky objects.
Cynthia had no idea what those were. The rest of the place looked like a typical
old barn.
	
	She kept trying without success. Unlike most of the decrepit things around
her, the ring must have been recently fixed as its hold remained solid. Cynthia
stopped trying and remained still when, after about an hour, she heard Kate and
Shara's voices getting louder. They were returning. Cynthia held her breath.
	
	"See? Didn't I say she be here waiting for us?" Kate smiled and licked
Shara's neck. Shara returned the gesture with a deep kiss. Cynthia looked away.
Kate went over to the workbench and came back with two coils of thick rope.
"Here, you take one and tie her ankle. Make sure it's tight."
	
	Cynthia watched as the two tied each of her ankles. Kate made no apology
when she burped, but continued knotting the rope.
	
	"Now, give your end to me." Kate took the other rope from Shara and holding
them in her hand, looked up at an overhead rafter. Stepping away, she stood
underneath a supporting beam that angled up to the roof and through one rope.
Its loose end flew up, and then fell back down. Kate then walked back and away
to do the same with the second rope.
	
	Cynthia's tied ankles jerked apart and slightly up as the slack from the two
ropes tightened with Kate's every pull. She felt another tug. Her legs opened
wider and higher. "Owww!"
	
	"Look. She's starting to hurt." Shara bit a strand of her hair as she
watched Kate pull on the ropes and Cynthia' lower body being raised. Her tongue
licked the inside of her mouth as the woman on the floor cried out more.
	
	Tension from the weight of her body fell mainly to Cynthia's arms. The back
of her head scraped against the wall. Its position also forced her chin onto her
chest. Her long legs seemed to stretch out to the ceiling. It was not easy to
breathe.
	
	Kate securely tied the end of one rope to the truck wheel, and wrapped the
other around an old extra transmission sitting on the bench. "Come here Shara,
and look what our friend has." Kate held Shara. Both admired their gym teacher's
opened legs. "I'll just bet that little cunt is as cute inside, but let's have a
better look."
	
	To Cynthia's surprise, the two walked away from her. Kate returned with a
camera and tripod, and some lights. Shara was holding something in her hand.
	
	"What the fuck are you up to now?" Cynthia almost choked on her words as she
spat them out. She still could not move her head.
	
	"Well, Cyn', since you asked ...we're are going to make a movie. And guess
who'se gonna be the star?"
	
	"Whaaaaat? LET ME GO!"
	
	Kate laughed salaciously and kissed Shara. "You see, we make this movie,
sell it and get big bucks that will more than pay for our little trip."
	
	"No way!" Cynthia struggled, but was held fast. She shouted at Kate as the
equipment was being set up, but was more conscious of the camera's eye peering
right into her exposed position.
	
	"And get this, Shara and I have our little fun while this story develops.
And Sweet, know how it ends? Hah! Don't bother asking. Just picture yourself on
a cross. Nice, huh? This is gonna sell big, fer sure."
	
	Sweat pored out over Cynthia's sleek frame as it was tightly suspended. Her
heart beat faster as she heard Kate's sarcasm. It sounded more terrible than
ever, and the camera made it all worse.
	
	Kate finished with the tripod and light stands. She uncovered the tarp.
Underneath was a portable generator. This, she rolled out of the shed and passed
power cables through the opened window. Back inside, she plugged in the power
cords from the lights. A flash bathed the room and remained bright. Kate fixed a
reflector, then turned to Shara and said, " Now give me that duct tape."
	
	Cynthia squinted at the bright lights. She could barely make out the shadow
figures of Kate and Shara. Her own body glistened in the light. Somewhere,
behind them, she heard what sounded like a strip from a roll of tape being
unwound, and then a slicing noise.
	
	Kate appeared between her parted legs. In her hand she carried some 5 narrow
strips of a silvery tape. The sticky sides were not adhering to the palm of her
hand.
	
	"Getting all of this on tape? Good. Now, first we take one strip of tape
like so..."
	
	Cynthia squinted her eyes as she felt the tape adhere to a side of one of
her nether lips. Long ago she had made it a point to bikini wax that area. Only
a narrow stretch of pubic hair covered her vulva. She grimaced as she felt
Kate's finger press firmly onto her. A second piece was attached, but this time
the pressure was uneven. The tape was covering her hair.
	
	Kate stepped back to let the camera have a good view of the assembled strips
of tape covering Cynthia's snatch. She moved into camera range and said,
"Cynthia...right now you are the prettiest of us - sorry Baby -during the course
of the movie, though, that might change. But, we do have to start somewhere..."
She used one of her nails to lift an end of one of the strips of tape covering
the waxed area and with a swift movement, pulled.
	
	"AWWWKKK...!!!"
	
	Behind the camera, and watching all, Shara cheered as she saw Kate jerk the
strip and then Cynthia's body react. Watching the toned body thrust up, and
hearing the scream got her hot. Cynthia was sweating more. A red mark glowed
where the tape had been..
	
	"Do one with hair. And do it slow. That should really hurt!"
	
	"I think you're right, Shara Love. Watch this."
	
	"nnnEEE....NNNOOOooo!"
	
	Cynthia lay stretched out and shivering. Tears washed over her face. Her
heart pounded as though it would burst from her chest.
	
	"Now open those pretty eyes of yours. Take a look."
	
	Through her tears Cynthia peeked at the strip of tape Kate was swinging
before her face. A mass of dark hairs stuck to it. She didn't have to be told
from where those hairs came.
	
	Another strip ripped off more hair and finally, the remaining two. Kate
stopped the camera and let the lights cool. She lowered Cynthia's ankles and
with Shara's help untied ankles. Unlocking the padlock holding wrists to the
wall, Kate pulled Cynthia up to her feet. She went behind the nude and released
her wrists. Mean red circles wrapped around each, so Kate allowed her to rub
circulation back into them as she and Shara prepared for the next event.
	
	"Now Cyn', I did mention that you would be crucified for our little movie
here, didn't I?" Kate didn't wait for an answer. She pulled one of Cynthia's
wrists away from her. "Directors are always right, aren't they Pretty One? I
know that I did mention the cross thing before...so, hold your arm out from your
body. DO IT!"

	
	Cynthia wasn't sure what to do, except to hold out her arm. She still
shivered from the awful pain. Looking down, she no longer saw the cropped strip
of hair covering her crotch. She started to sob again as she felt one wrist, and
then the other being tied. They didn't seem to care that her wrists were chafed
from before. At least, she was in a different position. Her feet were flat on
the floor, and just the slack taken up. Other than that, her arms stood straight
out from her body. She glared at Kate. When the lights turned on again, she was
blinded.
	
	"Come on, Shara. You're pretty enough for the movies. Take off your top. Put
on some gloves and let's show your teacher, here, and the audience that will pay
good money to watch all the things your teacher has taught you in your
kickboxing classes with her."
	
	Cynthia could hear some rustling somewhere behind the lights, and then she
saw Shara appear. She was pretty, Cynthia could see, but those boobs on her
olive skin had to be fake, unlike hers. She wore an ominous half-mask, over most
of her face. Apparently, the girl was camera shy. That knowledge was not enough
to make Cynthia feel comfortable. Her arms pulled, but the ropes binding her
wrists held. She shifted her free legs. She had to be ready for anything from
these two. Shara saw the shift too, and wisely continued walking past her.
Cynthia tried to keep her in her vision until she past the corner of her eye.
	
	"NAAAH!" Her kidneys exploded. The punch to her back rocked her entire body.
She swung in the ropes. "AAArrrgh!" Her spine shuddered. Seeing only one
alternative, Cynthia moved fast. Guessing that the ropes would hold all of her
weight, she swung her legs up and over. Arms twisted again behind her, she faced
Shara. Cynthis could see the dark eyes glittering behind the mask and the black
pony-tail swinging behind.
	
	"Clever of you to do that flip, Teacher." Shara's almond eyes sparkled and
then her hair flew as she launched into a spin kick and aimed.
	
	Cynthia's head snapped to the left as the other's bare foot hit just over
her eye. Fuzzy stars appeared.
	
	Kate stood behind the camera and said, "Very good Shara, but we're missing
all of the good stuff. So, cummon, let's get her legs back over and you in
front."
	
	The two swung Cynthia's legs over her head and between her arms and set them
back down on the floor. Shara grabbed Cynthia's hair and jerked her head up.
Electrically peering into her face, she said, "What's a matter Teacher? Had too
much already?"
	
	Cynthia anger flashed at the shiny face close to hers. It kept passing in
and out of focus. Already she was feeling her left eye swell. It seemed that
soon it would be closed shut. In a moment of lucidity, Cynthia spat back.
	
	"Oh Teacher, you shouldn't have done that. That was a definite no, no.".
Shara wiped the spittle from her forehead and then placed it back over Cynthia's
lips. She then stepped back and looked at the muscled stomach. "Tell me, how
many crunches can you do? Shara led with her shoulder and slammed her glove into
the abdominals. She giggled and turned away to show her chest to the camera.
Behind her, she heard Cynthia cough and choke. "Not so many after that one, yes?
Then how about another?"
	
	The little girl's voice giggled again.




Cynthia Has Enough, Already! Pt 2
	
	
	"That's probably enough, Dear." Kate said from her position. Shara had been
using Cynthia as a punching bag. The legs of the taller woman at first kicked
back some defense only to soon concede. Kate was certain it was good video, but
knew enough of a good thing had arrived and now was time to stop. "Shara, get a
bucket of water and throw it over her. Don't worry about this floor. Besides, it
looks as though our bitch has now become a true Sleeping Beauty.
	
	"I'll get the water, but I can also wake her up without it!" Shara cheerily
answered. She slipped off one glove and then the other. "Hmmm....,"Shara gently
lifted up one of Cynthia's breasts. Her thumb and forefinger squeezed it. She
pressed both of the breasts together. "I think these titties are real. They feel
like it. And, oh so yummy..."Shara leaned closer to the chest and took one of
the nipples in her mouth. "Yummm-uhm..." Her tongue traced around the large oval
and felt the nipple harden from her mouth.
	
	Kate watched the scene. It made her a bit jealous to watch her lover
enjoying herself so much, but it was, after all, good video and that was what
they were after. She decided to let her little Eurasian friend have her fun.
Shara's shorts swayed as her hips slowly moved from side to side. Deciding to
show that she was still the one in charge, Kate barked, "Pull up her head so the
camera can see her face."
	
	Shara continued sucking but on hearing Kate used a hand to lift up Cynthia's
fallen chin. She heard the other woman moan, or groan. It had better be the
former. The sound stopped her. Shara covered Cynthia's lips with her own.
	
	"Oh. She didn't kiss me back. The nerve of her!" Shara' slapped Cynthia's
face. One eye opened. The other was swollen shut. It looked ugly. Shara took
three fingers of her right hand and dug the sharp nails into Cynthia's cheek,
just below the swollen eye. Another moan as the nails tore. Then Shara set her
teeth and slowly raked a set of three cuts down the slack face.
	
	"Awwwwww.....!"
	
	"See Kate? I told you I could wake her up, one way or another. Now I'll go
get that water."
	
	"Cynthia, Cynthia, Cynthia... Now I said we would try our best to make sure
you weren't the prettiest. Have we started, do you think?"
	
	Cynthia didn't bother trying to answer the unseen director. Her head dropped
back down after Shara let go. She couldn't breathe through her nose. It was
probably broken. Her lip was split too. A metallic taste reminded her of copper.
Wheezing sounds came from her mouth. The ground below still refused to focus in
her one good eye.
	
	The splash startled, then actually felt good. Until the water quickly
reminded her she was cut. Pink-colored droplets rained down her chest. Dully,
she raised her head up. Only the lights blinded. Shara and Kate were nowhere to
be seen.
	
	Shara appeared from the gloom. She had removed her cut-offs and was also
nude. Her skin seemed to glow. She smiled hungrily at Cynthia.
	
	"You taught well, Teacher. Now let me teach you a thing or two..." Shara
moved closer and kissed the smoothness of Cynthia's right cheek.
	
	"You go girl," Kate called, forgetting earlier notions of jealousy, as Shara
dropped to her knees in front and of Cynthia's legs. Kate got hot watching the
two.
	
	"Uhmmm....your skin is so soft. So muscled, too." Her hands glided over
Cynthia's thighs, slid over the backs of her knees and this time gently raked
her nails up the backs of Cynthia's calves. Shara lightly kissed an inner thigh.
The flesh twitched. Her lips softly glided over another spot. Shara could feel
Cynthia's clenched muscles, so she decided on a more direct approach. She used
her tongue to slowly lap up the now bald lips.
	
	"Oh? You like that, do you?" Shara felt Cynthia's legs relax. She lapped her
tongue again over the musky orifice. Her hips began to sway. She could feel her
own juices beginning to warm. Above, she heard a small moan. This time, she was
sure it was a moan. Cynthia's flat stomach was making faster shallow beats.
	
	Kate was watching both as a voyeur and as a film director. She zoomed the
camera in on Cynthia's right breast, specifically on the nipple. Thanks to the
good lighting she had brought, the color looked excellent. In the viewfinder,
she watched as the soft pink oval began to shrivel. The microphones were picking
up sounds made by both girls; Shara's slurping and Cynthia's ragged breathing.
	
	Shara sunk her nose between Cynthia's upper thighs. Slowly, she raised her
head so that her nose divided the simmering lips. A tip of tongue followed. Few
could resist such treatment, Shara knew, and smiled secretly as she began to
taste the other woman's juices. She swirled her tongue between the velvety
ridges. Gently, she nibbled with her teeth.
	
	Rising to her feet, she let her hands find themselves behind Cynthia's back.
Shara slowly ground her short patch over Cynthia's groin. Her tongue licked down
the other woman's neck. Stopping, she pirouetted to face the blare of light and
smiled to the camera. Her fingers flowed over Cynthia's ribs as she stepped
behind her. Reaching around, Shara's nails sought out the bald lips, and then
pulled each back.
	
	"Very good, Love." Kate smiled thinly and zoomed the camera to tightly focus
on the gaping pussy. Through the viewfinder she saw Shara's violet nails
spreading the outer lips. Inner petals wetly blossomed. The camera was picking
up the dark entrance to Cynthia's vagina and up a little higher appeared the
small pink bud of her clitoris. The pixilated passion was wonderful.
	
	Shara let the lips go and came back around to kneel between Cynthia's legs.
She continued to slick the lips with her own tongue and began to make tiny
nibbles with her teeth until she reached the throbbing clit. Pursing her lips,
she sucked it into her mouth.
	
	"Mmmmmm...You taste good."
	
	Softly chewing the little organ, she pressed her fingers flat over Cynthia's
belly. She sucked more, and felt the organ respond.
	
	Kate recorded the action and slowly tilted the camera up and zoomed in on
Cynthia's breast. Its nipple erect, it poked the air. Tilting up, Kate captured
the face. As beaten as it was, it still was clear that Cynthia was enjoying what
Shara was doing to her.
	
	"Go ahead, Dear. You know what to do."
	
	Cynthia's good eye popped wide as Shara bit. Only, it wasn't Shara's teeth
that shot the sharp pain. She looked down. Shara's mask and the glittering eyes
behind it met her's. Cynthia could see what looked to be a large alligator clip
protruding from under her mound. The other woman was attaching some sort of
rubber leader to an end of the clip.
	
	The voice from behind the lights said, "She's attaching a rubber band, Cyn'.
And to that, we'll start adding little weights. Soon your clit should be longer
than you ever imagined it could be."
	
	Cynthia felt a tug and then a release of the tension. What she could not
comprehend was that Shara had started by attaching a one-ounce fishing weight to
the rubber band, then holding the tensed band with the weight in the palm of her
hand and slightly lifting. Cynthia screamed, when the weight was then dropped.
	
	"You can see...as the band and the weights bounce, they will pull harder on
the clip."
	
	"Kate, I think we should use these pretty nipples now. Want me to clip
them?"
	
	"Patience, Shara. Feel the smooth sides of each of her tits and clip her
there."
	
	Cynthia tried to keep from hyperventilating as her eyes riveted on what
Shara held: two other alligator clips, except these were larger and wires lead
from them. Tears pooled as Shara pinched the side of one of her breasts. Cynthia
gasped as the clip's teeth bit.
	
	Camera lights were extinguished. It was hard for Cynthia to see in the
gloom. She heard what sounded like the tarp she had earlier seen being removed,
then saw Kate pulling a small generator out the shed doors. Just outside the far
window, she heard it being set up, and then saw as a power cord was passed in.
Shara had put on some shorts and sat on a small stool. She reached for the cord
and plugged it into a small silver box that sat in her lap.
	
	Kate returned. "That's a transformer she's holding, Cyn'. And these wires
from the clips on your boobs? They go in the back of the transformer, like so."
	
	Shara made a small adjustment to her mask and smiled. "Watch, girl." She
flicked a small rocker switch on the box. A green light lit. Kate attached the
two wires and she flipped two more switches. Yellow lights above them went on.
"This control here...controls the power, and this meter shows us the output."
	
	"It's a rheostat that controls the amount of power sent to you, now that
you're all wired up." The two women laughed. "We let your legs and feet free
because, well, if you should start moving at all, that rubber band with the
weight now and weights we add will pull harder and harder on your clit. See?
	
	Let's try it out. Give her a short jolt Shara."
	
	"GGGAAA.....!!!"
	
	Cynthia hung from the ropes holding her wrists. The intensity of the
electricity was fierce. She could not stop the sweating and her heart seemed
racing all on its own. Below the small weight swung against the tops of her
thighs.
	
	"Now let's get those lights back on and get serious."
	
	A half hour later, the rubber leader was stretched taught. Many weights had
been added like a lead garland. They dangled just above Cynthia's knees. From
out of her crotch gleamed the full clip attached to an elongated female organ,
shiny pink in the light.
	
	"She hasn't yet given you full power, Cynthia, but let's see what we can do
about that, shall we?" Kate looked at the glistening body with the pinkish-white
clit hanging down and the drooling head that lolled between the outstretched
arms. "You know what to do, Shara."
	
	Kate watched as Shara got off of her little box, got two more clips with
wires attached and brushed aside the blond hair. The exposed earlobes were
clipped next. Cynthia groaned. Shara then made sure that the wires were attached
to the silver control box. Certain that they were, she activated two more
switches on the panel and more lights appeared. The sleek sadist then took a
short wooden bit and fit it between Cynthia's jaws. A sort of wild fear showed
in the trainer's one good eye. Shara took pliers and pulled out Cynthia's
tongue, then clipped a third alligator clip on the tip of the tongue. She
attached the wire leading from it to the back of the box and activated the
signal light.
	
	"Looks like you're all ready. Sorta like trimming a tree. Not quite as
pretty as before, but remember what we said about changing your looks? Oh, and
if you feel like dancing and running with those free legs, just do it and forget
about the pain. Shara is now going to give you full power and the idea is to see
how long you'll last. Got that?"
	
	Kate waved her hand through the light so Shara could see and the younger
woman looked back down at her lap. A hum from the generator and box louder than
usual sounded as Shara turned the control to 100%. Cynthia seemed to change
little, except that her muscles all tensed more frantically. The power
continued. Naked legs trembled first. Tears flowed from eyes. A gargling noise
sounded from Cynthia's opened mouth. Her head began to shake. Shara glanced back
down at the board. The meter showed full power.
	
	The reaction was swift. Feet shuffled, then they and her legs spastically
ran in place. Her breasts shook from side to side. Dangling weights between
Cynthia's legs yo-yo'd. One breast wire snapped off and fell. The shaking
continued. A golden stream spurted. Spittle flew. Golden hair flew in every
direction.
	
	"That's enough. Stop Shara. We had better let her rest." At her words, the
humming stopped. Cynthia hung limply in the ropes but continued to shudder. Kate
patted the tripod.
	
	Lights were turned off as Kate repositioned them. Shara removed all of the
clips, including the one with the weights. As she did, she kissed the elongated
clit. Cynthia's wrists were again handcuffed behind her. Shara pulled her over
to the small box on which she had sat, and made Cynthia kneel, then bend
forward. Breasts bulged at each side as they were crushed into the wood.
Cynthia's hair almost touched the floor as she shuddered face downward.
	
	The lights burned once more. By now, Cynthia cared less about being the
camera's focus. From above her, she heard a different whirring sound, one she
had heard before and then felt the first touch of the trimmer as it was laid on
the back of her neck.
	
	The first swath was shorn. Locks of hair fell to the floor. Another bunch
plopped down as the shaver made its second sweep. Witnessing the sight was
unbelievable, and Cynthia could only sob at the sight of her own hair falling to
a pile just below her.
	
	Shara didn't find the cutting as hard as she had expected. Ignoring the
camera this time, she deftly used the shaver in her hand and before long,
Cynthia's head was bald. Shara lathered a depilatory over the scalp and let it
sit.
	
	"Take her outside and hose her down. Then bring her back"
	
	When the two had returned, Kate stepped in front of the lights. With her
back to the camera, she took from her hand a ringed collar and locked it around
the neck of the standing woman. She then cuffed each of the chafed wrists and
locked these to the rings.
	
	"From now on, your name is to be slave bitch. Should you need to speak, you
will do so with your best manners and address me as Mistress Kate. Over here is
Miss Shara. Understood, slave bitch? Now...what are you to be called by, and
what is my name and hers?"
	
	Cynthia swayed on her feet, quivered and said, "...You...are Mistress
Kate.....and.....and she is Miss Shara....and I am...," Cynthia choked but
cleared her voice and timidly said, "I am....slave bitch."




A Sea Change In Attitude, Chapter Three

	The very timbre of her own voice announced Cynthia's new attitude. The
change told her entire being that she now wanted to serve these two and be the
best slave ever for them. She had no choice but to think otherwise.
	
	"Hmmm.... not bad. What do you think pet?"
	
	Shara stepped forward and wrapped her arm around Kate. They considered
Cynthia. Her nails tapped Kate's side as the older woman drove her broad knee
into Cynthia's crotch. The blow crashed the slave to her knees.
	
	"I think Mistress, that the slave bitch has done okay so far."
	
	"Good. Then let's got get something to eat. I'll shut down everything here.
You take the bitch back to the house."
	
	
	
	Cynthia watched as the other two ate the kitchen table, and then as they lay
atop the bed near where she kneeled chained. Wrists shackles attached to the
collar held her arms bent, but she could still watch. The two kissed and rolled
across the spread. She stopped watching when they stripped and entwined their
legs. Cynthia's own body responded to their lovemaking. The sights and sounds
were new but also strangely provocative.
	
	Despite how much she thought it wrong, she was still intrigued. Partly
seeking distraction she lowered her upper body. Her hips slowly swayed from side
to side. Elbows resting on the floor, she lapped at the water bowl set before
her.
	
	Thoughts buzzed as she lapped. What she had developed as her own self now
underwent an evolution. She very much wanted to feel loved. Cynthia desperately
wanted to be loved by Kate and Shara. And be their slave bitch.
	
	One of them must have been speaking of her because she heard "bitch"
mentioned. Cynthia looked up. Slabs of white thighs fronted her vision. The
chain holding her collar to the floor was being released. A tug on the chain
caused her to follow closer to the bed. The pull willed stronger than her own.
	
	"Now get up on top, slave bitch, and show Miss Shara how much you love her."
	
	Cynthia quickly used her legs to crawl up on the bed. The silken bronze of
Shara's legs parted before her. Cynthia slid toward the dark patch then lowered
her head. Its heat radiated. The scent captivated.
	
	"Before you start though, lick this." Kate held the huge strap-on dildo
pointed toward Cynthia and grimly watched as the former aerobics
instructor-turned slave took the head of the dildo into her mouth. "That's it.
Lick it good 'cause I'll give you three guesses where its going, and the first
two don't count."
	
	Shara giggled and watched as Cynthia's cheeks bulged. More of the fake penis
disappeared. When removed from her mouth, most of its surface wetly shone.
Almond eyes followed Kate as her lover moved behind to position herself next to
Cynthia's ass. Shara dug her fingernails into the shaven scalp to guide Cynthia
back to herself.
	
	Hungrily, Cynthia lapped and sucked at the female organ. The humble
bedspread evolved into an exotic tableau. All three moaned their sexual
pleasures. The strap-on thrust deeper into the anal orifice. The baldhead bobbed
in time to her licking tongue. The two users began to orgasm as if in tune with
each other. Cynthia immersed herself into the soft hot folds of flesh and tasted
Shara's cum.
	
	Sated, one removed the dildo from the widened hole. The other slid out from
under the kneeling slave, allowing her to lie flat on her stomach. They worked
in unison to first free the locked wrists, and then relock them together.
Another roped the elbows of the straightened arms together. The new arraignment
completed, they rolled the tallest of the three over onto her back.
Repositioning arms and elbows caused the full breasts to soar.
	
	"See? These are still very pretty." Kate fondled Cynthia's right breast as
she spoke to Shara. She looked down at Cynthia's battered face and said, "You
like that don't you?" The slave squirmed and moaned in tacit agreement as Kate
gently brushed her thumb over the nipple. "Shara? Get a poncho for the slave
bitch. You and I let's get dressed. We're going back to the shed."
	
	
	
	Cynthia stood still as the poncho was pulled off. Bathing lights no longer
shocked. She actually enjoyed the warmth they gave. It helped continue her mood.
Her breasts, she knew thrust out at the camera. She proudly swayed the two
spheres.
	
	"The bitch wants to kiss you, Shara. She's such a slut!"
	
	Shara removed her jeans and top once in the shed, deeply sucked Cynthia's
lips and then pulled the mask back over her face. Moving Cynthia's head from
side to side, she tightened straps around the shaven skull and inserted the ball
gag.
	
	Cynthia erotically moaned. Panting with excitement, the slave ignored drool
oozing from corners of her mouth. Blinding camera lights combined with her
swollen eye made it harder to see. Standing in their glare, Cynthia had to rely
mainly on her other senses. She felt Shara's feminine fingers gently fondle her
right breast. Cynthia's heart raced. Her belly made quick, shallow breaths in
and out. Inside of her, she felt herself rapidly approaching what felt like an
edge. Beyond that "edge" she knew, meant sexual release. Her thighs squeezed
together. With her one good eye, she looked at Shara in the light.
	
	The upward thrust came too fast to see. Cynthia started as Shara's fingers
held her in place. Good and bad eyes bulged. Sweat erupted. Shara had swiftly
swung a large hook into the lower half of Cynthia's breast. The pointed end
buried itself deeply into the meaty balloon. Shara grunted and jerked the hook
up higher sinking more of the metal hook into the breast. Cynthia's knees began
to buckle but Shara held her fast. The slave's head fell and her bulging good
eye stared in disbelief at the pointed mound the hook made on the top of her
breast.
	
	"That's great Shara! Now do the other one. I'll lower ropes from the rafters
and you can tie the ends to the hooks." Kate shouted instructions from somewhere
behind the camera.
	
	"Mmmaaaapfghhh," was all that Cynthia could manage as the second hook
stabbed. The ball gag prevented anything more articulate. More drool foamed from
her lip corners though hardly by sexual excitement. Panicked, her bladder
released.
	
	"Get a hose and just wash that piss away. She shouldn't have much more in
her."
	
	The camera tilted to get close-ups of the distended breasts as the imbedded
hooks tied to ropes raised Cynthia onto her toes. The lens pulled back to frame
the taut lines pulled higher. The subject's back arched as if to pull from the
ever-climbing breasts. Pointed downward, toes futilely scraped the floor for
purchase.
	
	"You can do it Shara," Kate coached from the darkness as her camera caught a
glimpse of the nude Shara straining with the ropes and pulleys to lift Cynthia
still higher, "just bring her feet off the ground about four feet."
	
	"NNNAAAGGGHH..." Cynthia frantically kicked the air. Two ropes on either
side of her head pulled hooks imbedded in the now distorted the shapes of her
breasts. What seemed like far below she could see the littered floor. The floor
never had looked so good to her. Her head fell back and faced the ceiling of the
shed.
	
	"That's far enough, Girl. Now let out the ropes, but make sure they catch
with her feet just about a foot off of the ground."
	
	"GAARRGGGHHH!"
	
	Kate caught the action through her camera as Shara let loose the ropes, then
stopped them. Cynthia's body crazily swung as it hung suspended by the ropes. A
distorted left breast filled the viewfinder. It showed a glistening gash where
the hook had first entered just below the perimeter of colored skin. Tilting up
slightly, the picture showed the nipple. A metal point could be seen beginning
to emerge. The point of a bloody hook emerged. Kate licked her lips in
fascination.
	
	"Turn on that hose again Shara. Spray the bitch's face. The water should
wake her up and then spray away more of that blood."
	
	Cynthia managed a garbled scream as she fell and then stopped. Hooks began
to emerge from the nipple centers. She passed out. Hanging limp, blood washed
down her trunk.
	
	Shara sprayed the slave's face. The tortured sputtered and regained
consciousness. Blood contrasted on white that starkly contrasted the darkness of
the background. It made for good video. Slowly, her body again began its next
ascent.
	
	Kate hated to not watch as Shara pulled Cynthia up by the tits for another
fall but glanced away at the heating blade to make sure that it was ready. She
turned around as Shara squealed and watched their slave bitch/movie model
dropped a second time.
	
	The second fall proved too much for Cynthia's breasts. She hung as a broken
puppet. Protruding through the right nipple the bloody point grew larger until
it ripped cleanly through. Cynthia's body yawed wildly to the left. It too
ripped free. She fell to the floor in a heap.
	
	"Is she dead?" Shara bent over the crumbled form.
	
	"Wait. I'll check." Kate knelt alongside and felt for a pulse. "No, that's
stupid. She just passed out again. Get me that heated knife. Fast!"
	
	Shara brought over the flat blade and handed it to Kate who looked at the
glowing metal once, then pressed it into Cynthia's torn chest, effectively
cauterizing the wound.
	
	Flesh sizzled and Cynthia stirred. Kate pressed another hot blade onto the
other torn nipple and then stood.
	
	"There. You can wash off the bitch now and when you're done, chain her like
before to that wall ring. Be quick. I've had enough for today."
	
	With that, Kate walked out of the shed and toward the cabin.
	
	Late the next morning activities within the house and the grassy area just
outside stirred in contrast to the quietude on the shed's interior. Light blared
into the semi-darkened space as Kate opened the wooden door.
	
	"You sure she's not dead?" Shara immediately went over to the pale and
battered form stretching out from the wall.
	
	"Sure am. Check for yourself."
	
	Shara knelt alongside Cynthia's shoulder. Next to her she set down what she
had brought. Cynthia seemed to be slightly breathing, but her body did not stir.
It gave Shara time for an appraisal.
	
	"Not quite so pretty anymore, right?"
	
	Shara looked up at Kate standing over her and then returned her attention to
Cynthia. As she did, the slave's cracked lips parted.
	
	"Here, dear. Drink some of this." Shara pressed the filled canteen to
Cynthia's mouth and gently let some water spill out and wet her lips. "You can
have more, if you like...and, I even brought you this!"
	
	Cynthia moved her head. Her lips swallowed the water and then drank more.
She looked up at Shara and then saw the apple in her hand. It had been too long
since Cynthia had last eaten.
	
	"Be careful. The bitch is going to take a bite of that apple."

	Both helped Cynthia to her feet. Kate appraised her slave's condition. Other
than various discolorations and bruising, she looked well enough to stand on her
own. Even the puffiness that had shut the one eye yesterday now had reduced to
nothing more than a shiner. Mangled remains of the nipples and the dark lines
where she had been cauterized obviously were not going to go away anytime soon.
She undid the long arms and chuckled as they weakly fell to Cynthia's sides.
	
	"Let's get her outside. The bitch has work to do." Kate shoved Cynthia out
into the sunlight. She attached a leash line to the slave collar and pulled. As
she spoke, Cynthia hungrily chomped on an apple Shara held up to her lips.
Between eating large chunks from the apple, she swallowed gulps of water also
offered by the shorter woman. Kate led the way as Cynthia and Shara followed.
	
	Kate attached a leash to the collar and then to a line that ran between two
widely spaced trees. She pointed to the ground nearby and said, "There's a
shovel, and over there, by that pile of shit of yours, is a post-hole digger.
While Shara and I enjoy a picnic and swim in the pond, I want you, slave bitch,
to dig a trench with the shovel and a hole over there."
	
	"You can see how I've marked out the trench dimensions. You'll know how deep
it is to be when your leash gets taut. When you finish with that, go over and
dig a smaller hole for where your cross is going to stand. Got that, bitch?"
	
	Cynthia nodded as Kate shoved her elbow. She still ached and hurt, but the
nourishment felt better and in a small voice answered by saying, "...yes
Mistress Kate." Every joint seemed to ache. Any movement, at all, made her wince
yet she held her tongue. Any moment, she felt like throwing up. She would wait,
though, before the others left.
	
	"Shara? Refill that canteen and leave if for the bitch in case she wants to
drink more as she works. Let's you and I go get our picnic things and head for
the water."
	
	Shara did as told and then the two walked arm-in-arm back to the cabin.
Shara skipped with delight leaving Cynthia to watch the two leave.  Her stomach
turned. She puked, and then awkwardly bent down to lift up the shovel. Dry
heaves continued.
	
	Sounds around the cabin that afternoon were at first filled with splashing
water and giggles as Kate and Shara took their swims. Hearing them dive in the
water, Cynthia half-heartedly swung the shovelhead at the line attached to her
leash. Physically it was an effort, but she now no longer was certain she wanted
to leave her new role as slave bitch; physically or mentally. Quickly changing
her mind, she set to digging around the ground marked off by Kate. Water
splashed and dirt was dug. More of the afternoon progressed.
	
	When they returned, Cynthia was nearly out of site. The leash pointed a taut
angle down into the open ground. Below the level of the grass, Cynthia continued
to shovel out more soil. The trench measured some four feet wide and nearly six
feet in depth.
	
	"Not bad, bitch..." Kate said as she and Shara stood together at the edge
looking down on Cynthia as she worked. "But where is that small hole by the pile
of shit you left?"
	
	Cynthia paused her labors to answer. She admitted that she had started with
the biggest project first and did not have time to finish both.
	
	Kate considered her reply as she looked over to the two tree trunks nearby.
	
	"That sounds like an excuse to me bitch. Crawl on out of there and explain
to your mistress why you so chose to disobey her. NOW!"
	
	Cynthia let the handle fall to the freshly dug earth. Putting both hands on
the top of the trench, she strained and boosted her way out. Standing up, she
stood with her hands at her sides to face Kate. There was no time to brush off
the dirt covering most of her.
	
	"Your slave bitch is sorry...Mistress Kate." Cynthia stood as still as she
could with head lowered and eyes closed as she spoke in a soft voice. "For
disobeying her mistress."
	
	"Being sorry isn't good enough, right bitch?"
	
	"No Mistress Kate."
	
	"Shara?" Kate whirled over to her companion whose eyes, she noted, had been
watching Cynthia's body ever since her climb out of the digging. "Shara! Get
your head together instead of in your shorts. Go to the shed and bring back
rope."
	
	"Sure, Kate." Shara returned her attention to Kate. She ran off to the shed
to find the rope.
	
	Kate looked back at Cynthia and her eyes sharpened. She reached up,
unleashed the collar, and  then shoved Cynthia away from the dig.
	
	"Between these two trees. Stand!"
	
	Shara returned with the rope which Kate used her knife to cut into four
sections. These they anchored to the two trees and then tied to Cynthia's wrists
and ankles.
	
	"Pull those lines, Shara. I want the bitch good and spread. I'm going to the
shed and will return in just a minute."
	
	Kate came back to the grassy area where Cynthia stood with arms and legs
outstretched between the two trees. In her hand were two fan belts. These she
sliced into making two slightly bent lengths of hard rubber. She handed one of
them to Shara.
	
	"Shara you stand in front. I'll be in back."
	
	The threesome stood. The nude faced the shed, cabin and Shara, while the
other stood closest to the pond shoreline. The afternoon sun grilled all three.
	
	"Now slave, tell me and Miss Shara what you think we should do to punish you
for disobeying my order?"
	
	Cynthia opened her eyes and stared at Shara standing in front of her. The
beauty seemed to be sympathizing with her, but in her hand Cynthia saw she also
wielded the dangling rubber belt. Her body ached. Her feet dug into the grass.
She swallowed and her throat felt dry. The bruised and swollen eye smarted.
	
	"Well...?"
	
	In the same small voice she had used before, Cynthia closed her eyes and
said, "Your slave should be ...whipped Mistress Kate." Her heart raced faster
before her words were finished. She let her head lower as she re-closed her eyes
and waited for the first hit.
	
	"Well, you asked for it." Kate chuckled and waved at Shara on the other side
of Cynthia. She looked at the mostly unmarked back before her. Without food, it
was looking more and more defined. The digging had further pumped up Cynthia's
body. This was going to be almost as appetizing as their swim and picnic. Kate
also secretly liked the way Cynthia had become so submissive and if maybe she
should run to get her camera. "Then you call out each number. For each number
called, Miss Shara and I will each give you a stroke. Is that clear?"
	
	Cynthia nodded her head as she answered to the voice behind her.
	
	"Good. So bitch, start calling!"
	
	Cynthia tried to swallow. In a somewhat louder voice she whimpered, "One!"




Cynthia's Closing Shot, Chapter Four

Kate brushed a hand over the sweaty brush-cut and called out to Shara. "Let's
got get some lemonade in the cabin. It's too damn hot out here."

Shara looked around Cynthia at Kate, then back at Cynthia. Kate was right.
Besides, Cynthia had quit calling out after the twelfth strokes hit. They
continued whipping well past thirty even though it looked as if the slave had
passed out again after the twenty mark.

"Cut the bitch down before we go. She still has work to do."

The knife Shara used easily sliced the binds and Cynthia dropped to the grass
like a sack full of yard clippings. Splashing water on her hands from the
canteen, Shara wiped them over Cynthia's face. She watched the eyelids flutter
back to consciousness and gently stroked the cheeks. Soothingly she told Cynthia
that while the welts did look bad; no skin had been broken just a lot of lines
and bruises.

Kate ran her right toe over the back of Cynthia's upper thigh and said, "Cummon,
bitch. You've still got another hole to dig and this time, sorry about the tool,
you'll just have to use your hands. Do it fast as you can, or more of what you
just got is yours."



Into the early evening Cynthia dug. She remembered when she was in high school
and the neighborhood mongrel who seemed to always be digging in somebody's lawn.
She now felt like that digger. Kate and Shara had long since gone back to the
cabin, but Cynthia wanted the small hole finished before they came back. The
shortened chain Kate used to tie her down made it that much harder to work, but
scoop and claw she did. She worked on making the whole deeper with her hands,
pawing at the cool earth, just like that neighborhood dog.

"You did well, bitch. I listened to your little friend here, so I guess you get
this. Don't thank me. You'll have to express your appreciation to her later."

Cynthia eagerly grabbed for the apple as Kate tossed it down. The half-full
canteen could wait.

"You still have to spend the night out, though. Remember, tomorrow's your big
day. That hole you just dug by your stink pile is for your cross. Pleasant
dreams." Kate returned to the direction of lit windows shining from the cabin.

Cynthia finished the apple, drank some of the water and curled her body. The
grass chilled. Forlornly, she looked up at the night's sky. A few stars
glittered, but she didn't have to make a wish. They meant nothing except to
confirm what she already knew: She was so low that the only way she could was to
look up.



She was ready for them when they came. The sun of the new day rose hours ago.
Most of the dew on the grass was gone. Fluffy clouds eased their way across the
blue sky. Her body felt stiff and sore. Cynthia inhaled deeply as Kate and Shara
approached.

Kate tossed another apple down to the slave and knelt to unhook the short leash.
"Cummon, bitch. To the shed." For emphasis, she kicked the whipped ass. Happily
the kick wasn't necessary. Cynthia was all ready moving as her foot landed.

"Aren't you going to let her eat that first?" Shara strolled alongside, her arm
entwined with Kate's.

"She can eat it on the way. We don't have that far to go and the apple's not
that big. Fear not, Luv, the bitch will eat it soon enough."

Her words were barely said as Cynthia gobbled the Red Delicious to the core.
Walking made her feel better and she finished the apple just at the entrance to
the shed. She didn't bother to wipe her lips and waited as Kate opened the
rustic door.

Cynthia and Shara stood near the entrance as Kate went to a far wall and removed
another tarp. Dust filtered sunlight from a cracked window shone on the beams.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Come on over and shoulder this thing."

Cynthia stepped across the littered floor to where Kate stood. She looked at the
joined apparatus. The upright looked only two feet taller her own height. So
this was it, she thought and fit a shoulder where the long beam and shorter one
met. Testing its weight, Cynthia dragged the cross from the wall. Wrapping arms
around the lower portion of the crossbeam, she dragged the wood toward where
Shara stood in the bright light of the opened door.

"Shara. Go get my tripod and camera. This is going to be too good to miss."

Cynthia stood flat-footed on the grass as the two of them tied her extended arms
to the beam. So far, at least, it really hadn't hurt that much and to her
dismay, Cynthia found herself actually thinking that it was kind of sexy to be
tied. She looked down at her dirty feet. They stood out from where the cross was
planted. There was no use contemplating how close her toes were to the mess she
had made earlier.

"Now comes the hard part. Help me Shara," Kate grabbed the back of Cynthia's
right calf and lifted until the sole of her foot planted on the wood. "Loop rope
around her ankle and foot. Let's get the other leg. We'll tie the two together."

"iiiEEE," Cynthia yelped. Spears of pain shot into her arms and chest as footing
used to support was removed and she hung by her tied wrists. Her chin bumped her
upper chest. Knees bent outward as Kate and Shara worked below them. Only her
wrists stopped the forward motion. Cramps started. Shoulders bunched. She forced
herself back. Cynthia's head back, she attempted to frown away the growing
hysteria.

"These are still pretty," Shara giggled as she raked her nails over the tapering
ribs. She examined her fingertips. Already they were coated with fresh sweat.
Shara patted the outside of Cynthia's breast. Its firmness sprang back. It, too,
glistened anew.

"Cummon. We've got to go," Kate said as she did a final check on the second
camera added.

"Go?" Shara whined and pouted to the older woman.

"Yes, I said we have to go. I rigged a solar generator to power the lights and
cameras. They're all set on timers. We'll come back in maybe six days and just
about everything will be on tape. So leave the bitch and come get your things
from the cabin. We need to hike back across the meadow to where we parked the
car and get the hell out of here."

"But...but...we can't just leave her, can we?" Shara brushed back her hair and
ran up to Kate. "What if she wiggles free of those ropes around her insteps?"

Kate laughed and pecked at the younger one's cheek. She took her hand and pulled
her back with her toward the cabin. "Look, I doubt that. But if she manages
somehow to free her feet, she'll be that much closer to feed the animals."

"Oh," Shara said and with a last look at the crucified joined her lover to pack
their things. In her mind she imagined wild animals eating Cynthia as the
cameras recorded it all. The thought was scary, but also made her sinisterly
happy inside.

Late that next morning, Cynthia numbly realized that she had lived through the
previous night. It had been impossible to rest as she hung crucified.
Periodically the lights lit and the cameras whirred. At first the wild animals
were frightened. They grew more brazen as they realized that the lights and
sounds were harmless and that their prey could barely move. Even claws tearing
her lower legs did not stir their owner. When the sun rose, they left at last.
Daylight presented new threats, but Cynthia was past caring.

The forest ranger had decided to check the old cabin on a whim. Driving across
the meadow, he saw the cross and then the human hanging from it. Still halfway
there, he used the radio from his truck to call headquarters and have them send
an air ambulance. Fifty yards away, he drew his sidearm.

Keeping a wary eye all around, he placed a hand over the silent female. Her
belly felt cold, but he detected a faint pulse. Holstering his 9 mm, he used a
K-bar to slice the ropes and carried the limp form over behind a rock near the
pond. Using an emergency blanket, he covered most of her. Making sure that she
was covered, he withdrew his gun and went to search the rest of the grounds.

The ranger returned after finding that he and the woman were the only two still
around. Checking with the walkie-talkie, headquarters said that the helio had an
ETA of just over 15 minutes. He sat down near her feet. The silver blanket ended
just over her shins. She murmured some, but her eyes remained closed. He looked
again at the feet and then decided. He had to just take a peek. The thin
material lifted a bit higher. Her cracked lips murmured more and startled him,
but he kept peering. He could see more of the bare legs. His heart jumped again
as she made more sounds. He thought he saw the eyelids flicker. He leaned over
and wet the lips with water from his canteen. The victim's tongue licked over
them as if to savor the moisture. Movement caught his attention. Her legs slowly
parted under the blanket. His heart pounded.

Cognizant of the investigation that was sure to follow, he decided that if ever
there was a time for situational ethics this was it but he didn't need catching
blame by his own evidence being detected. The ranger searched the grounds and
then his watch for a second time. There was time and they were alone. He pulled
a pack over and retrieved a pair of latex gloves. They would keep his DNA out of
this.

Gloves on, he tentatively slipped his hands under the foil blanket. He felt the
legs part more. She murmured more as his fingers met her crotch. Carefully, he
slipped one and then two fingers between her lips. They slid in. Hooking them,
the female's vaginal walls sucked his digits as he slowly pistoned his gloved
fingers in and out.

The sound of the helicopter approaching made him pull out. He was sweating. Over
the far range of hills a small speck grew until the whirring blades were close
enough until grass beat and wind swirled. He knelt alongside of the victim as
she was placed into the metal basket. He watched as the crew ran away with their
patient, boarded the craft and flew off.

Epilogue

In the weeks and months following, the investigation yielded little. Kate
claimed her camera gear was stolen. The tapes showed only masked perps. The only
clue was that they were females and since Cynthia had instructed mainly females
at the gym, the list of possibles proved too lengthy. No charges against Kate or
her friend were ever filed. The case was dropped. Well-wishers visited Cynthia
as she recuperated in the hospital. Minor surgeries were performed. One nipple
had to be surgically removed. Some scar tissue necessarily remained, though
Cynthia looked more like her previous self. Over time her spirits returned as
did her weight and hair. She started wearing light makeup

One quiet day, some four months following the rescue, she got out of her
hospital bed, dressed in street clothes and walked out of her room to the
elevators. In the cab waiting curbside, she gave the driver Kate's address.
Putting on a pair of sunglasses, she sat back in the cab's rear-seat as it
accelerated. Gazing out the window at the passing view, Cynthia slowly smiled.
She could hardly wait to again see her mistress.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





