BDSM Library - The Intruders




The Intruders
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A high school teacher who dares to flunk a couple of very tough students lives to regret it when he and his beautiful wife receive an unexpected visit from the two tough studs and a few of their friends.
Please send comments on this story to bigone510@hotmail.com

THE INTRUDERS

	by Harry Kuntz

	Sometimes Walt hated his job as a high school teacher.  He felt that way as
he watched Damon swagger out of his office and Brad swagger in.  Both of them
were there to complain about the F's he had given them.  Neither one of them had
done the slightest bit of work in his course, and when they bothered to show up
at all, had been rude and disruptive.  But they didn't believe he had the right
to give them F's, and they felt no compunction about displaying their anger.

	Damon was a big, muscular, handsome youth of 17.  How could a person that
masculine be gay, Walt wondered.  Damon flaunted his homosexuality, feeling up
and harassing the straight kids at will.  No one dared challenge him, because
Damon was one of the leaders of the toughest gang in the school.  "Gay," Walt
thought to himself.  "You can't even call them homosexuals any more, much less
queers or fags." The idea of even touching another man's penis filled Walt with
disgust.  He didn't even want to think about what else they did with each other.

	Brad, also 17, was the boss of the same gang.  Taller and stronger and more
handsome even than Damon.  "Christ, he looks like a movie star," Walt thought,
as Brad entered.  "Jesus, no wonder the women fall all over him."  Brad always
seemed to be in the company of several women, some students, some older, but all
babes.

	Sometimes Walt envied a person like Brad.  He wondered what it would be like
to have such appeal that he could fuck women at will.  Walt and his wife Sheila
had both been virgins when they got married, and neither had had any sexual
experience outside their marriage.  Walt couldn't help regretting what he had
missed, though he knew he never would be unfaithful to Sheila, even in the
unlikely event he had the opportunity.  Sheila was 46, the same as Walt, but
didn't look a day over 30.  She still had a spectacular figure and was just as
drop-dead gorgeous as the day he first saw her.  Sheila taught in the same
school, but she didn't have the same problem keeping discipline that Walt had. 
Her large, firm breasts and beautiful face kept the unruly students in line. 

	Walt explained to Brad, as he had explained to Damon, that he could not pass
a student who did absolutely no work in his course and could not even behave. 
Brad gave him a look of such intense hostility, that Walt couldn't help
shuddering.  "You'll be sorry, you piece of shit," Brad hissed, and abruptly
walked out.

	Walt was still shaken by these interviews when he got home, but the sight of
his beautiful Sheila cheered him up, as it always did.  God, he loved this
woman.  She was everything to him.  Walt knew that to any other woman, he would
be considered a wimp.  Even after all these years of marriage, he could still
not quite believe that this gorgeous, wonderful woman loved him as he loved her.

	Sheila had prepared a special dinner for Walt.  It was the 13th of the
month, Walt's birthday.  Not only had she made all his favorites, she had
dressed herself up in her sexiest outfit.  Walt and Sheila did not have sex too
often, because Walt had difficulty getting an erection more than once every one
or two weeks.  They had been saving up for this night for three weeks, and each
of them was looking forward to bedtime.

	But just as they were finishing up dinner, the front door flew open.  In
their part of town, there was no crime and people never locked their doors.  In
marched Brad, Damon, and three other teenagers, one of whom was a girl, a
beautiful Asian girl.  The other two boys were almost as tough looking as Brad
and Damon, though not as good looking.   Walt and Sheila had never seen human
faces as filled with hostility and menace as these five youths showed.

	Brad, who was obviously in charge, walked over to where Walt was sitting,
jerked Walt's slight frame out of his chair with an easy motion of his hand, and
yelled into his face: "Are you going to do what you are told, or do we have to
tie you up?"  For good measure, he gave Walt a blow in the stomach.  Although he
pulled his punch, it was easily enough to get Walt doubled over in agony.  "I'll
do what you say," Walt finally agreed, when he had gotten a semblance of his
breath back.

	"I told you you'd be sorry, shithead.  And I've been waiting to get into
your wife's cunt for months.  Tonight is payback, so get ready to suffer."

	Sheila let out a scream.  "Take care of that bitch, will you Mei Ling," Brad
said.  The girl walked over to the frightened woman.  Mei Ling had incredibly
sweet features that made the meanness in her eyes all the more frightening.  She
gave Sheila a hard slap in the face, so hard that Sheila saw stars.  "Shut up,
cunt," she said, "or I'll tear those big tits of yours to shreds with my
fingernails."  Mei Ling's nails were long and pointed, and it was evident that
if she had to she'd do what she threatened and love every minute of it.

	Sheila was whimpering but quiet, and Mei Ling smiled, saying "Cheer up,
cunt.  Tonight you're going to find out what it's like to be a woman, fucked by
real men."

	"All right," said Brad, "we'll start by having both of you take all your
clothes off, you first."  He pointed to Walt.  Walt took off his shirt and
undershirt, then his shoes and socks, and his pants.  Brad impatiently gestured
for him to remove his undershorts, and he did so, blushing.

	When Walt was bare, the five teenagers began hooting and then laughing
uncontrollably.  With his girlish frame and tiny dick, he presented a pathetic
picture, and his tormentors were not about to let him forget it.

	"Jesus, lady," said Ray, one of the other youths.  "How can you be married
to such a wimp.  That's more like a clit than a dick."

	The others laughed and made similar cracks.  Sheila had been crying since
this started, and now tears were rolling down Walt's cheeks.  That only made the
teenagers laugh harder, and provoked more comments about what a pussy Walt was. 
Damon walked over to him.

	"He's going to be my pussy," the handsome gayboy said.  And he grabbed
Walt's face and pressed his lips to Walt's.  Walt was filled with disgust and
tried to pull away, but Damon held him tight.  Then Brad, menacingly, told him
to give Damon a nice, sexy kiss, if he didn't want Brad and the others to use
his belly seriously as a punching bag.  Filled with terror and disgust, Walt
opened his mouth.  Damon's tongue shot in and for what seemed forever to Walt,
explored every inch of Walt's mouth with his tongue.

	When Damon finally pulled away, the youths began jeering again at what a
pussy Walt was, harping especially on his tiny dick.

	"Well, let's give him a chance," said Brad.  "Maybe it gets bigger when it's
hard.  Sheila here can help us find out.  Get naked, cunt, and then use your
mouth to show us if that wimp is even capable of getting hard."

	"I can't," she whimpered.  "No man has ever seen me naked except my
husband."  Mei Ling gave her another slap, even harder than the first.  "Come
on, Brad, let me use my nails on the bitch's tits."

	"I'm sure that won't be necessary," said Brad.  "I'm sure the cunt has
learned her lesson.  Now get those clothes off and get on your knees."

	Hearing the menace in Brad's voice, Sheila took off her clothes.  The
teenagers whistled when she bared her breasts.  "Oh, I wish I had a pair like
that," Mei Lin said.  "She must have nearly 40 inches."

	"Let's find out," Brad said.  "Hey, wimp, go get a tape measure and show us
your wife's measurements."  Walt, still naked, went to a drawer and brought back
a tape measure.  Humiliated to be showing off his wife's nudity to these
intruders, he put the tape around her tits.  It showed exactly 38 inches.  And
those breasts were perfectly shaped, without the slightest sag.

	Brad ordered Sheila to take her skirt and her panties off.  While her superb
breasts had drawn whistles, now her complete nudity brought a reverent hush. 
Sheila had a magnificent bottom.  Her ass was compact, round, firm, soft, deeply
creviced--in a word, perfect.  Her lovely pussy was covered with a lush triangle
of thick, dark fleece.

	"Oh, man," sighed Carlos, the remaining teenager.  "How can a babe like you
be married to a worthless piece of shit like this?"

	Brad ordered Sheila to get to work.  Obediently, she dropped to her knees in
front of Walt.  Walt and Sheila, both brought up to be extremely conservative
about sex, had never done this before.  The idea of kissing or licking the
other's "sex," as they called his prick and her pussy, had seemed repugnant. 
But now Sheila had no choice.  She overcame her repugnance and put Walt's tiny
penis in her mouth.  Despite his humiliation, the unfamiliar sensation
overpowered him, and he got hard.  As hard, that is, as he ever got, which was
not very hard.

	When it became clear he was at full size, the teenagers had another laugh at
his expense.  Brad handed him back the measuring tape and ordered him to measure
his dick.  When he had done so, Brad said "how much?"

	"Five inches," Walt said sheepishly.

	"If that much, you shrimpdicked wimp," Mei Ling roared through her laughter. 
"I think you cheated with the tape.  And you're about as thick as my pinky
finger.  Cunt, you don't even know what it is to be fucked by a man, if he's all
you've had."

	"All right, bitch," Brad said to Sheila.  "That's enough of the
preliminaries.  I'm next."

	Brad took off his shirt, then ordered Sheila to kneel in front of him and
take off his pants and undershorts.  She did, and she gasped when she saw what
she had revealed.  Brad's soft, hanging prick was at least two inches longer
than her husband's "hardon."  But the thickness was more impressive than the
length.  She knew she should be repulsed, but involuntarily her hand grasped his
shaft.  It was too thick for her fingers to grasp.  As she held him, she felt
the heat and weight of him.  She noticed his massive testicles, each about half
again as large as a jumbo egg.  And then she felt the movement, and realized
that he was growing hard.  With each twitch, the massive instrument in her hand
became thicker and longer.  By the time it was hard, her fingers barely reached
two-thirds of the way around.  The heat was intense, and the shaft was iron
hard.  She tried to bend it, but it was so stiff she couldn't make it budge. 
The enormous penis stood straight up, well past Brad's navel, almost reaching
his muscular chest.

	Sheila had never seen a dick other than her husband's and she was overcome
by Brad's incredible manhood.  That evil Asian girl was right, she thought to
herself with a sense of humiliation.  I never did know what it was to be fucked
by a real man.  She felt strong electric waves shooting through her body,
originating from her rapidly moistening pussy.

	Brad pulled her head toward himself and she put her mouth on Brad's huge
dick.  She wasn't even thinking.  She was overpowered, hypnotized, by Brad's
incredible masculinity.  All she knew was that she was in the presence of a real
man and she  had to have him. She tongued and kissed his testicles and shaft and
engulfed the head with her mouth--all she could get in.

	While Sheila was working with her mouth on Brad's manhood, she suddenly felt
herself being nuzzled and kissed in her crotch.  Oh, God, it was the Asian girl,
Mei Ling.  She had her tongue inside Sheila's pussy.  Sheila knew that
lesbianism was about the most immoral activity imaginable and that she should do
anything rather than let that mean, evil girl touch her own private parts.  But
Sheila's will was disappearing as waves of previously unknown sexual pleasure
started rolling through her body.  Soon Rod was licking one of her gorgeious
tits and Carlos was working on the other one. Now Mei Ling's tongue had left her
pussy and was laving her asshole.  Ten minutes before she would have regarded
such a thing as impossibly disgusting.  Now, she was exploding in a more
powerful orgasm than Walt had ever given her.

	When Brad had had enough of Sheila's pretty mouth on his cock, he pulled
away, picked her up, and put her down on her back on the sofa.  Sheila, though
in a sexual frenzy like she had never known, nevertheless had enough
self-possession to protest.  "No, please don't.  No one but my husband has ever
done this to me.  And you are too big, you'll hurt me."

	Brad laughed, and told a couple of the other teenagers to hold her.  Mei
Ling helped hold her down by straddling her face, holding it with her perfect
thighs and pressing her furry pussy against Sheila's mouth.  Sheila tried to
scream, but it was muffled.  The very idea of tasting a woman's sex--even a
beautiful young woman like Mei Ling--was repulsive to her.  Or so she thought. 
But she began to get used to the strong musky woman smell and soon,
involuntarily, was moving her tongue inside Mei Ling's pussy and lapping up her
juices.  Meanwhile, Brad was lining his enormous cock up with the opening to
Sheila's pussy.  Suddenly he entered, and Sheila felt stretched as she had never
imagined.  She had barely had time to register the pain, when she began to feel
the pleasure.  Whenever her husband fucked her, she always had to ask him if he
was in, and then if he was finished.  The feeling of Brad's prick inside her was
a revelation.  When it was still less than halfway in, she realized he was
further in than Walt ever had been or ever could be.  And he was stretching her,
revealing and stimulating pleasure nerves she had never known she had.

	And still, with each stroke he was going deeper.  Finally, with a shock, she
felt him hit bottom.  He was all the way in, and she was stuffed absolutely
full, stretched to the limit, every pleasure nerve sending alarms of excitement
throughout her body.  She screamed, and she had an orgasm, more powerful than
what she had felt before.  Her husband could never dream of doing this for her,
and he knew it as he watched helplessly.  Indeed, the only orgasms she had known
had been from masturbating herself.  But this was ecstasy, such as she had never
dreamed of.  And still Brad was pumping, bringing her to new heights.  She came
again, and again.  Each time she thought she had reached an inconceivable limit
of excitement, and each time he proved she was wrong.  She was now moaning
uncontrollably, not even knowing where she was, oblivious to everything but her
cunt, and the magnificent engine that was driving her wild.

	Walt's heart had sunk.  He wanted to die.  In front of his eyes, his wife,
his lovely Sheila, the only meaning in his life, was being taken away from him. 
She was being possessed by this despicable young barbarian.  Despicable, but
undoubtedly an incredible specimen of manhood.  He hated Brad with all his soul,
but he envied him even more than he hated him. 

	Brad now had Sheila coming continuously.  Each orgasm started before the
preceding one had ended.  Sheila felt like she was a sheer electric current,
getting constantly stronger, utterly out of control.  And then Brad knew the
moment had come, and let himself go.  Several more hard strokes, and Brad felt
the overpowering climax.  Masses of potent man-cream were forced from his
oversized testicles, through the length of his hot, iron-hard penis, and into
the deepest recesses of Sheila's cunt.  The scalding force of his semen jets
brought Sheila to a new level, as she shuddered and moaned through her final
climax.  For more than a minute, her body was nothing but pure, shaking
sensation.  Then, as a blessed calmness was restored to her, she knew she was
happier and more deeply satisfied than she had ever been.  The world was lovely,
and nothing was lovelier than this paragon of a man who had given her such
unimagined pleasure.  She looked at him.  Brad, and Walt, and everyone else in
the room could see what was obvious.  There was complete love in that look. 
From that moment, Sheila belonged to Brad.  Like so many women before her, she
was his.

	When Brad finally pulled out, his penis had "shrunk" to it's minimum of
seven inches.  "Crawl over here, asshole," he said to Walt.

	Walt's eyes were so filled with tears, he could hardly see what he was
doing.  "Clean me off," Brad snarled.  Walt cleared his eyes and looked at the
enormous penis, hanging inches from his eyes as Brad stood before him.  Walt
hardly knew what his thoughts were.  He hated this youth who had stolen his
wife, but he also felt awe for his manhood.  He knew he could not blame Sheila. 
What woman could resist such power?  But he just couldn't bring himself to do
what Brad was ordering.

	"I - I - I just ca - can't," he stammered.  

	CRACK!  Brad had given him a slap so hard, he thought his jaw must be
broken.  It wasn't, but it would be sore for a week.

	"That was a love slap, shithead.  Now do what I say or I'll hit you hard."

	Walt's fear overcame his revulsion, barely.  He took Brad's shaft in his
hand.  Like Sheila before him, he was amazed at its weight.  The smell of Brad's
and Sheila's sex juices, sweat, and Brad's pure, manly crotch-smell almost
overwhelmed him.  Gingerly, he touched his tongue to Brad's penis.  He was
struck by the softness of the skin on Brad's massive organ.  As he brought his
tongue back into his mouth it brought with it a glob of Brad's man-cream,
seasoned with Sheila's cuntjuice that had flowed so freely.  Walt swallowed, and
a moment later he retched and it was all he could do to avoid throwing up.

	"Throw up, asshole, and you'll swallow every bit of it."

	Walt barely controlled himself.  Again his tongue lapped more sex juice from
the massive cock, and again, until it was clean.  Then Brad made him lap every
speck of juice that had splashed into his rich fluff of pubic hair or onto his
huge testicles.  Walt became familiar with the musky taste and smell, and the
feel of every inch of Brad's crotch.

	After that, Walt had to watch as Ray and Carlos raped his wife.  Ray had
eight inches of thick manmeat and Carlos had nine and a half.  Each was more
than twice as thick as Walt, who realized his own complete inadequacy as a man
was being shown over and over again as this terrible night proceeded.  Ray gave
Sheila another orgasm, and Carlos gave her three.  Then, Sheila was forced to
give Mei Ling's pretty pussy a thorough lapping.  Mei Ling had several strong
orgasms, and Sheila found to her disgust that she was actually savoring the
taste of Mei Ling's pussy.  She looked up into Mei Ling's beautiful face and
almost felt as if she was in love with the Asian teenager.  She realized with
disbelief she actually felt pride every time she brought Mei Ling to an
ejaculation.  When the strong taste of Mei Ling's final orgasm hit her tongue,
Sheila exploded powerfully herself.  Walt realized that even a woman could
satisfy Sheila as he could not do.  He thought things had hit rock bottom.  But
he had forgotten about Damon.

	"It's my turn now, you piece of shit," said Damon.  "You want to put my big
dick in your mouth and make me hard, and then have me fuck your shitty asshole,
don't you?"

	"Oh, God, not that.  Please, anything, anything but that."

	Again, Brad gave him a punch in the stomach, harder than before.  It took
Walt more than ten minutes to catch his breath and get over his agony.

	"Now, get on your knees and beg for it," said Brad, "before I give you a
serious punch."

	Frightened out of his wits, Walt got on his knees in front of Damon, who
still had his pants on.  At this moment, Ray, who had gone out to the teenagers'
pickup a few moments before, came back in with a video camera and began to
record what happened next.  But Walt knew he had no choice.

	"Please, let me suck your cock.  I'm begging you," Walt pleaded with Damon.

	Damon, who apparently had real acting ability, acted as if he were confused
and flustered.

	"But sir, that would be wrong.  Especially with a teacher, and when I'm
under age and all."

	"I'm begging you," Walt let out passionately.  Behind Damon, and out of
camera range, he could see Brad threatening him.  "You're such a stud, I've got
to have your beautiful prick.  Please let me suck you and then fuck my ass."

	"Why don't you just fuck your wife," Damon asked.  Brad was behind him,
still threatening.

	"She can't satisfy me and I can't satisfy her.  I'm not man enough.  Let me
know what it's like to be a real man with a man-sized prick by feeling you shoot
your come deep in my ass.  I promise, if you let me suck your cock I'll give you
an A, and you won't have to do a bit of work."

	Damon started to pull away.  "No professor, honestly, I don't think I
should."

	Desperately, Walt lunged at him and pulled down his pants.  He was amazed. 
Damon wasn't as big as Brad, but he was close.  Walt remembered his thought that
afternoon, and thought again, "how could such a stud be gay.  He could be like
Brad and have any woman he wanted."

	Walt put the head and several inches of Damon's huge meat into his mouth. 
Immediately, he felt the jerking motion of a rapidly hardening penis.  His head
was forced up, as Damon's meat grew and stiffened.  Finally, he could keep only
about an inch beyond the head in his mouth.  Damon was thicker than his wrist
and exactly twelve inches long.

	"I wish I were as big as Brad," Damon said, "but I can't imagine being as
tiny as you."

	The others, watching intently as Walt was about to be brutally raped,
snickered.  "Don't worry," Carlos called out.  "Look, Damon, you're more than
twice as long as him, at least five times as thick, and much harder. What a
pathetic excuse you are for a man, pussy.  Beg Damon for his cock up your ass,
you wimp."

	Walt turned around, got down on his knees, with his asshole sticking up
toward Damon.  The camera was still rolling.  "Please, I'm begging you, please
fuck me with that beautiful, huge cock of yours.  I need it."

	"Okay, fag, you asked for it," Damon snarled, derisively.

	And Damon pressed the head of his massive cock against the tiny entrance to
Walt's virgin asshole.  Damon was still wet with Walt's saliva.  Slowly, the
head entered, and then with a pop it was inside.  Walt thought he had never felt
so much pain, not even when Brad hit him.  He thought Damon would tear him to
pieces.

	But Damon was stroking in and out now, getting deeper and deeper. 
Gradually, the pain subsided just a bit, and a pleasurable feeling began to
emerge.  Then Damon's prick hit Walt's prostate, and suddenly Walt was on fire. 
It was three weeks since he had had an orgasm, and now he was receiving a
stimulus he had never known.  Damon continued deeper and deeper, as the rough,
veined surface of his hard cock set up a symphony of sensations on Walt's
prostate.  Suddenly he realized he really did need Damon's cock.

	"Oh, yes, fuck me, fuck me, plow me with that huge cock.  Oh God, it's good,
I need it.  Fuck me, fuck me."

	Damon was getting hot as he saw the sexual power he had over this wimp who
thought he was too pure to touch another man's penis.  He was pumping fast now,
and then he felt the thrill as he went past the point of no return.  Electricity
surged through both their bodies, and then Damon's big steel rod began jerking,
and huge hot pellets of gay man-cream surged into what had been Walt's ass and
was now, he knew to his shame, his pussy.  Or rather, Damon's pussy.  Damon's
private property, just as Sheila's real pussy was now owned by Brad.  The heat
and force of Damon's eruption was easily enough to set Walt off, though his
feeble spasms and the few drops of thin liquid that dribbled from his cock were
pathetic compared to the man-sized orgasm Damon was experiencing.

	Moments later, Damon pulled his softened cock with a pop from Walt's
violated man-pussy.  Walt was forced to clean off the shit-streaked mancream
from Damon's soft but still large dick.  A few minutes later, masses of cream,
laced with the brown of Walt's churned turds, began to ooze out of Walt's
asshole.  Brad made sure Walt scooped up every drop with his fingers and
swallowed the mess.  Again, it was all Walt could do to avoid throwing up, but
he managed because he know that otherwise Brad would carry out his threat to
make Walt swallow his own vomit.  And every moment had been captured on
videotape.

	Everybody fucked Sheila again at least two times in various orifices, and
always Walt had to clean up with his tongue.  Twice more Damon fucked Walt's
man-pussy, though Walt was unable to mount another orgasm.

	When it was all over, Sheila begged Brad to stay.  "I need you," she said. 
"I can't live if you don't fuck me again."

	Brad loved this.  "What about your husband," he said.

	"I don't care about him.  He's a pathetic piece of shit."

	"No, Sheila," Walt moaned,softly.  But Sheila looked at him with contempt. 
Now that she knew what real men could do for her, she realized how worthless as
a man Walt really was.  And after seeing Walt lick another man's penis and allow
another man to fuck him in the ass, she could never again have an ounce of
respect for him.

	Brad had an idea, to see if Sheila meant what she said.  There were elegant 
photographs of  Walt and Sheila standing on a shelf.  He took the picture of
Walt and put it on the floor.

	"All right, if you mean what you say, shit on him."

	Sheila smiled.  "With great pleasure," she said.

	Walt could hardly believe it.  "No, Sheila, don't.  You can't."

	But Sheila calmly walked to the picture, squatted over it, and after a
couple of moments delay and one big, noisy fart, dropped a big turd right on
Walt's smiling face.  The intruders laughed hysterically, yelling that Walt had
never looked better, and making similar cracks.

	"Okay, shithead, go clean up the shit from your wife's beautiful bottom. 
It's better than you deserve."

	Walt was hardly aware of the horror to which Brad was now subjecting him, as
he was so dejected by what he had just seen his wife do.  And, he realized, not
because she was forced.  Because she wanted to.  Brad's replacement of him was
absolutely complete, and all he was good for now was to serve as her asswipe. 
So he kneeled down behind her, and used his tongue on her stinking, filthy ass
crack.  The smell and taste were unbelievably disgusting, but somehow he managed
to do it.

	"Just a minute," said Mei Ling.  "That bitch is no better than he is.  They
are a pair of shitheads."  And she walked to the shelf, put Sheila's picture on
the floor, squatted over it, and deposited two large turds right on her smile. 
Walt was ordered to clean her off as well, and submissively, he obeyed.

	Brad announced that they would be going.  He told Sheila that if she wanted
him to come back and fuck her some more, her husband would have to beg for it. 
Sheila made it clear to Walt she'd walk out on him that night if he didn't beg
and beg and never stop begging.  So Walt got on his knees once more.  Of course,
he promised that the next morning, first thing, he would change all these
students' grades to A.  (Ray, Carlos, and Mei Ling had all gotten D's.)  And he
begged Brad to come back and fuck Sheila, because he was a wimp who could never
hope to satisfy her.  He begged him to bring Damon back to fuck him again.  He
begged him to let him drink all their piss and to eat all their shit.  He swore
he wanted nothing more than to be their degraded sex slave for the rest of his
life.

	And it was the truth.

	

	Please send comments to bigone510@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Kuntz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





