BDSM Library - Annika Gets Her Pink Slip




Annika Gets Her Pink Slip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: HR Director Annika Hammison meets again with colleagues, and this time is introduced to her third foe. She learns more reasons why life on the farm is far from easy.
The following is a work of total fiction and intended solely for consumption by
those legally of age and where ADULT MATERIAL is permitted. Strong subject
matter is contained and is for those not easily offended by such.

Any reuse of the material without the author's express consent is strongly
discouraged.

Thank you and enjoy.

Faibhar




Annika Gets A Pink Slip



Planners of the pink slip party promised that this one would be the most macabre
to date.

Noises stirred the soporific HR director. She wearily sat up in the stall that
had been her home the past week. Gone was the dog cage with its daily ration of
raw meat. Annika Hannisom had instead been kept in the much larger straw-filled
compartment in the barn, given only water as she recuperated from her injuries.
Weak from the fasting, she now saw the figures of four men standing before her.
Jack Lang she recognized and the other three looked vaguely familiar from her
days as an exec at Sego Corp.

"Hello, Sleeping Beauty. Yes, we have returned."

Annika tried to clear her head as Jack spoke. Her mind figured that most of the
week had past, and now Jack was back. She felt so weak, no longer a warrior, no
longer a fighter. The PMS injection must have worn off and a week's fasting
chained to this stall accounted for the rest of her debilitated state.

"Naturally, we've brought some things you will enjoy. Here," Jack said and faced
the full-length mirror at Annika. "Take a look."

The others shuffled back to make more room as their boss positioned the mirror.
Metal rattled as the leash connected to the HR director's collar moved. One of
them helped the female to stand.

The reflection shocked her. She almost did not recognize herself. The reflection
Annika saw looked gaunt. Streaks of natural blonde ran down ragged hair. Cheeks
were sunk in a face devoid of color. Through half-lidded eyes Annika saw that
much of the muscle mass she had worked to earn was now gone. Her breasts were
not as swollen as before, but the dark pigmentation surrounding her nipples was
hardly the pale pink she knew. Underneath each breast carved upper ribs. The
swell of her hips as it flowed out from her waist remained, but taut skin
connected each pronounced hipbone.

And there were the marks. Stitches from healing bite wounds and burns from the
cattle prod marred her blemish-free skin.

She averted looking down at the rest of her.

"Here...you could use these." Jack held the mirror and handed Annika the brush
and cosmetics. He watched her trembling hand grip the brush handle and the lip
gloss. "Make yourself as pretty as you can...I've promised the boys here a
little romp in the hay for meeting their sales goals."

Annika gripped the wooden handle of the brush and set the lip gloss and eyeliner
in the straw at her feet. She turned back to her reflection in the mirror and
tentatively stroked her hair. Her brushing became more self-assured after the
first tangles were met and then freed.

"See? I told you you'd like what we brought you. And as you continue to make
yourself up, I'll let you know what order we have agreed upon. Naturally, as
your peer, I will go first. Then the other two, and we are saving Tom for last."
Jack whispered confidentially to Annika as she continued to brush. "He did well
in sales or else the guy wouldn't be here...but, just between you and me he
likes to play rough with his women."

Annika stopped and stared at the leering sales VP.

"I dunno," he said and shrugged. "Some kind of misogynistic bent, but, like I
say he does meet his sales quotas and isn't that what it's really all about?
Hmmm?"

Annika fiercely ran the brush through her hair and glared at the VP. She kept
her legs together and turned her hips to bend down and retrieve the other items.
Her hand shook as she painted her lips in bright red.

Jack Lang turned to his staff members and said, "Okay. Looks like I can go from
here. Take the mirror with you back to the house. I'll let you know when I'm
done, and that," he said as he turned back to grin at Annika. "Will only be a
minute, or two."



Later that afternoon, Tom, the misogynistic sales achiever, returned to join the
others in the house. The buff young man said he had to change his shirt. The
others saw the wild spatter covering his bulging pale blue polo, but did not
remark. None believed the stains were caused by Tom's own blood. They casually
resumed their game of gin rummy.

That night, Annika was too hurt and sore to sleep. She lay with eyes open in the
barn atop the straw-filled stall. Nocturnal sounds kept her company while
nightmarish scenes played in her mind. She began to fear her next fight,
wondering what could come next, and if she would be strong enough to win.



Her eyes felt dry as she lifted her head off of the straw the next morning and
saw the four men again standing before her stall. Her chest sunk lower as she
sighed and resigned herself to more of the same from yesterday.

"No, no, no. Know what you're thinking and it's not that," Jack said in a cheery
voice. "No...tonight's your big fight. And besides, we all had our fun with you
yesterday."

Annika tried to say something. She lifted herself up on her elbows. Her lips
moved, but she could only make croaking sounds.

"That's okay," Jack said. "Don't try to speak. Since you want to get ready for
tonight, the boys and I decided to just, ah... t-o-r-t-u-r-e you instead." Jack
leaned into the wooden stall, wistfully admired the bare legs stretched before
him and smiled up at their owner. "Sound like a plan?"

On cue, Tom and another salesperson reached in and lifted Annika to her feet.
One of them unlocked the leash connected to her collar and she was led from the
stale straw. They guided the unsteady female toward a door in one side of the
barn that led outside.

Glare from the bright morning sun sanded her already dry eyes. Annika squinted
as she was escorted to behind the farm tractor. Through her lashes she saw the
old man perched on its seat as a chain was coiled around her wrists She heard
the tractor's motor start as the farmer turned around in his seat.

"Well, I guess this is where we see how well our HR Director can still jog a lap
or two," Jack said as he made himself comfortable in one of the lawn chairs set
next to the others alongside of the barn wall. "Or perhaps, how well our female
executive can help the old man till a field."

Annika gasped as she saw the chain wrapped around her wrist and leading to the
rear of the tractor take up slack. As it began to slowly move, she too was
pulled forward. In alarm she turned her head to where Jack and the others sat,
but saw that they were paying more attention to the beers they each had than her
plight. The chain jerked her along. She stumbled to its pace.

"Awwwh, she used to run miles everyday," said one account executive as Annika
passed in review. He, along with the others watched the marked beauty's stride
lengthen as the tractor's speed increased. He admired her form as she ran
passed, set before the backdrop of agriculture fields and sunny skies.

His superior gently chided the staffer and said, "That may be true, but,
consider all she's been through. Look," Jack pointed out. "She never sweat like
that and already her head is bobbing forward. Here pal, have another brew."

Annika gasped as the tractor turned and readied for another pass. Its 180's were
her only chance to slow to a walk. She felt exhausted. Her wrists hurt. Blood
seeped between and over the gray links of the chain wrapped around them. The
tractor picked up speed. She ran over the dirt on the balls of her feet.
Annika's legs began their piston-like churning.

The account executive was about to pop the tab on his second beer when he and
the others caught her first bad stumble. The aluminum tab came free as her hair
billowed.

Jack also was watching as Annika fell. "Ah...low...ha. Here we go."

Clouds of dust exploded as she hit. The tractor kept its pace, and as she passed
before the seated men they saw small clods of dirt flying from under where she
was dragged. The diesel clattered in front of them, towing its human plow. Rich
soil covered her face. Through the dirt could be seen the stretched arms, her
back and parts of her legs.

All drank as it passed and stared at the furrows left behind.

"Look! She's rolling over!" Sure enough, the tractor made another turn, and when
it did Annika twisted until she was dragged on her back.

Six more laps took place before Jack stood and signaled the farmer to stop the
tractor. The others stood with their superior and walked over to where she lay
face up.

"Gosh," said Jack Lang as he knelt alongside the panting Annika. "How'd you get
so, ah, messy?"



Midway along the links of chain still wrapped around her wrists he hooked the
cable in front of the barn. Normally, the winch was used to load fresh hay, but
of course the sales manager had other plans. He waved again and Annika's arms
raised, suspending her until her feet were well off the ground. "Our HR Director
is well used to firing people, as well as hiring them. Let's see how she likes
the fire bit." He grabbed a bare foot suspended in the air.

A ferocious ache pulled her arms as she hung off the ground. Annika looked down.
She saw Jack grab her foot and shove bunches of straw between her toes. He did
the same with her other foot.

"Okay boys. Who's got a match?"

Her croaking throat was forgotten as her scream filled the air. Annika pumped
her legs in the air in a frantic attempt to escape the searing agony between her
toes.

The screaming stopped. The HR Director hung limp, oblivious to the small flames
licking between her toes.

"Well, looks like our Annika has decided to take another nap. Take her down and
put the bitch back in her stall."



Annika awoke. She stirred upon the familiar straw and then sat up with a start.
Immediately, pain shot up her legs. She saw her feet. All of the toes were
blackened and swollen. She lay back down and sobbed.

Hours later, she heard voices approaching. She figured that evening had arrived,
and that meant fight time. Propping up on her elbows, she saw Jack and his
cronies appear at the front of the stall.

"Use the chain attached to her collar as a leash. So be it if the bitch has to
crawl on all fours...she looks dirty enough for livestock anyway."

He was right, about the filth and about not being able to stand. She crawled
from the straw on her hands and knees, led by the chain attached to her collar.
The night air refreshed her somewhat as they crossed between the barn and the
other building. Inside, the crowd seemed larger and louder than ever before, but
one thing she noticed as she was placed near the center of the ring was that
none of them seemed to be betting on her. That was different.

Tousling her hair gave Annika that second look, but she was right the first
time. As the far wall of the ring opened, her opponent stepped in, but it was
not the dog she had been expecting.

With Annika now in the ring was a cat-suited Maryanne, Sego's CFO. Not only was
the other woman Management, but she was also Annika's long-time nemesis.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





