BDSM Library - Phoenix Rising




Phoenix Rising
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Phoenix, a human reincarnation of the mythic bird that arises from the ashes, is beaten and raped as she struggles to right the wrongs of the world.
Phoenix Rising
by Sango	


	The heavy door with opaque wire mesh windows swung open, revealing two dozen
small brown skinned women huddled over Singer sewing machines.

	"Get up and get out of here" she yelled to the astonished workers who gazed
in bewilderment at the half crazed woman standing in the doorway. No one moved.

	Desperately, Phoenix ran to the nearest worker. "Listen to me. You have to
get out of here. Now!" she shouted. The woman turned to a co-worker, another
illegal from Guatemala, for clarity but the other woman also didn't understand
what was going on and simply shook her head.

	Phoenix grabbed the woman by the shoulders, trying to lift her from her
bench and the worker began to shriek. Other workers began to yell at Phoenix to
leave the frightened woman alone.

	From his desk, inside the back office, Bessler heard the commotion and
stepped out to see what new trouble was brewing. Every day there was something.
If it wasn't the INS cops raiding his factory, it was one of the sewing machines
breaking down. Never a peaceful moment.

	Bessler searched for the center of commotion and saw a tall, long, dark
haired woman whom he didn't remember hiring, in what looked like a fight with
several of the Guatemalans. The woman was wearing a white blouse and a long
black skirt. She looked awfully well dressed to be working in this sweat shop.
"Damn" he cursed under his breath. "Always something." He made his way slowly
down the line of workers.

	"Listen you,"he said pointing to Phoenix. "Sit down and behave or I'm gonna
fire your sweet ass." As he said this, he noticed just how sweet her ass was to
look at. "I must be getting old, not to remember hiring this piece of ass" he
thought to himself  and he moved toward her to snatch a free feel of her rounded
buttocks. A free feel was one of the perks of the job and though the women tried
to avoid his greasy hands, none of them would protest too loudly if he
occasionally groped a little bit.

	Phoenix turned on him in a fury. "Tell them to get out of here, you moron.
They've got to get out of here."

	"What the hell? Are you one of them bleeding heart liberals always minding
other people's business? If you are, you better get the fuck out of my factory
before I kick your ass on out."

	

	"Listen to me you rat faced bastard. This place is going down."

	"There ain't nothing going down, but you're going out of here. Now get!"
Bessler tried grabbing her by the arm to drag her to the door, but she swung her
arm away."

	"Don't touch me, you slime ball." Phoenix turned back to the workers and
again urged them to leave.

	"Okay, that's about all I'm putting up with."Bessler reached for her.
Phoenix swung her arm full back and tried to slap Bessler across the face, but
he grabbed her wrist and pulled it sharp behind her back. Pushing her toward his
office, he shouted over his shoulders for the workers to get back to their
sewing.

	Closing the office door with his foot, he pushed Phoenix toward his desk
where he could reach a cone of heavy twine. With one hand holding tightly to
Phoenix, he took a scissors and cut a length of the twine and wrapped it tightly
and painfully around Phoenix's wrist and then took her other hand and tied it
behind her back as well.

	"No sense throwing you out the door. You'd just barge right back in. That
is, unless I teach you a lesson about not butting in where you ain't wanted. So
that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna teach you a lesson."

	Bessler pushed her head down onto the desk top which thrust her buttocks
tightly against her skirt. "Damn cute ass you got, lady, " he said admiringly
and then slapped her hard on her right cheek.

	"Let me go, you stupid shit head." Phoenix said turning her neck to see him.

	Bessler took her chin in his right hand and squeezed. "You're the stupid
shit head, not me." Letting go of her chin, Bessler struck her buttocks again.
"I'm gonna warm your ass up real good, before I let you go."

	With his left hand, Bessler pressed down her on her bound wrists and with
his other hand, inched up her skirt until he could see the full shape of her
black panties. Then he began in earnest to smack her. Bessler raised his hand up
high and suddenly swung it down on her panties. It sounded like a cannon shot.

	

	"Yyyeeoow" Phoenix yelled. Bessler raised his arm again and this time landed
his open palm on her other cheek. " Ooowww." she moaned. He waited a few
seconds, letting his hand linger on her upturned ass. Then without warning, he
slapped her again, from straight behind her. The force of the blow, pushed
Phoenix against the desk. Again and again he slapped her. Phoenix was screaming
by now and Bessler thought that the workers hearing her cries would be more
afraid of him now than ever before.

	Bessler was sweating. He took a moment to catch his breath and then he did
something totally unexpected. Instead of continuing to slap her ass, Bessler
began to pinch her buttocks, taking a handful of flesh in his meaty paw and
digging his five fingers deep into her flesh. Phoenix tried to squirm away, but
Bessler merely pressed his weight down on her. He pinched every part of her ass,
leaving reddened marks as reminders of his handiwork. For his finale, Bessler
reached between Phoenix's legs and pinched her cunt, hard and unmercifully. By
now she was exhausted with tears running down her face.

	"I guess that will teach you a thing or two. You won't be so anxious to come
back here making trouble." Bessler stood up. There was more commotion coming
from the work floor. "Now what?" He wondered. Bessler left Phoenix in the
office. With difficulty, she managed to use the scissors to cut the twine. As
she rubbed her wrists and massaged her ass, Phoenix thought she could smell
smoke. She heard people running down the aisles and then there was a massive
explosion.

	Phoenix wasn't surprised. She had known it would occur. The building was
totally in flame. Phoenix looked around the office, saw a small metal safe
deposit box on a shelf. She calmly picked it up and looked inside. It was filled
with one hundred dollar bills and at the bottom of the pile of money, a small
piece of oak wood, cut in a triangle. She knew in an instant the angles of the
triangle were the coordinates for Bessler's wall safe hidden behind by a set of
books at his house. Phoenix crawled out the window and stood in the alley
watching the fire consume the building. From the ashes, Phoenix arose.

	???*******************************************************

	Phoenix didn't need a map to find her way to Bessler's home. She knew how to
get there as instinctively as she had known the factory would burn. But it
wasn't instinct that told her she was being followed by two thugs, it was their
noisy, amateurish behavior that gave them away. "Never mind them", she said to
herself and continued walking.

	

	A dozen blocks to the northeast, Phoenix came to a three story brick estate.
The wrought iron gate leading to the long driveway was open. Phoenix casually
approached the entry door and tried the handle. As she assumed, the door was
locked and Phoenix was about to search for an open window when she heard the
footsteps behind her.

	"Don't bother with the window, honey" said a skinny, middle aged man in a
black seersucker suit. "Cable here can unlock just about any door." He nodded to
a lumbering, big man dressed in striped, rayon pants and a white shirt splotched
with marinara sauce.

	Cable waved his hand over the lock and a few seconds later was holding the
door open for them to enter. The smaller man, bowed and motioned for Phoenix to
enter. She paused and Cable gave her a shove that sent her stumbling into the
hallway. Behind her, she could hear the door being relocked.

	"Right this way, sugar" the smaller man said, leading all three of them into
a massive living room. "Cable why don't you see if you can find something for us
to drink while we get comfortable."

	"Sure thing, Lick" the big man said moving toward the kitchen.

	Lick patted the back of the couch and Phoenix sat down. Lick took a leather
hassock and sat down in front of her.

	"I don't know who you are, sweet meat, but you sure knew how to torch a
building. Real professional. Course no one cares that you barbecued slime ball
Bessler, but you made things a little complicated for me and Cable."

	Cable had returned from the kitchen with three glasses of gin tonics.
Phoenix took one and began to sip as she listened carefully to the man.

	"You see Cable and me were on our way to visit Bessler about a little matter
of one hundred and twenty thousand dollars he owes someone. Now, thanks to you, 
he's shish kabob and can't pay his debt. That will make Mr. Someone very, very
disappointed. It was just an accident that I saw you step out of his private
office, carrying that small metal box and I got to thinking you might know where
Bessler keeps his dough. Sure enough you came straight here like you been to his
house a dozen times. So I'm thinking, you been fucking Bessler for a while and
probably were coming to collect your rightful inheritance seeing how he is now
deceased and you being the next of kin so to speak. How am I doing so far? Do I
have it correct?"

	

	Phoenix shrugged her shoulders noncommitally.  Cable picked up the metal box
and opened it. He whistled. "Hey, Lick. There's a stack of c notes in here. Must
be ten thousand dollars in green."

	"That's nothing, Cable. Bessler was worth millions and based on someone's
research, he didn't have it in a bank account, Swiss, Carribean or good ole
U.S.A. That means he had it hid somewhere and the dame knows where it is. Isn't
that right?"

	Phoenix again shrugged her shoulders and lifted the glass to her lips.
Lick's hand slashed out, sending the glass hurtling to the floor. His manicured
fingernails had scratched Phoenix's face and a trickle of blood rose from her
bottom lip.

	"Listen you penny ante hood," Phoenix said as she began to rise from the
couch. Cable standing behind the couch, grabbed her by the shoulders and shoved
her back down. His big paws remained clamped down on her.

	Lick was standing, inches from Phoenix. "No more games, cunt" he said,
slapping her hard. Phoenix struggled against the weight of Cable's iron grip but
could barely move. Lick slapped her again.

	"Cable. Pull the cunt's arms behind the couch." Cable did as instructed. Now
Lick sat down, straddling Phoenix's lap. He took her face in both of his hands.
"Just tell me where he's got the money hid. We'll even give you a finder's fee
and all go on our merry way. Okay?"

	Phoenix spit in his face. Lick's eyes went wide. Grabbing her by her long
thick hair, he yanked her head down toward her right shoulder and slashed his
right hand across her cheek. This time he cracked her lip and a small rivulet
began to run. He slapped her again. Phoenix grunted in pain.

	Lick stood up and with his right hand grabbed the collar of Phoenix's bluse
and ripped down. All of the buttons came off, revealing a lacy bra that embraced
small, well rounded breasts. Lick grabbed a tit and began to twist.

	"Oooowwww" Phoenix moaned. Lick released her breast and slapped her face
again. "If you don't tell me I swear I'll whip your tits till they bleed."

	Phoenix didn't say anything. Lick wiped his lips. He reached down to the
floor and picked up a piece of the broken glass. Phoenix's eyes grew wide. She
was certain he was going to cut her. Instead, he cut her bra in half, revealing
the full beauty of her breasts. Phoenix's nipples were large, surrounded by 
dark brown circles. Lick pinched her left nipple, pulling on it and stretching
out her breast as he twisted.

	

	"Yyyeeeooow" Phoenix yelled. Lick let go and began to slap her breast from
left to right. Then he grabbed her breast in his hand and put his mouth next to
her nipple. "I'm going to bit this nipple off, if you don't speak up. I swear
it."

	Phoenix's eyes were wide in terror.

	"Aw Lick. Before you do that, let's fuck her. Won't be no fun fucking her if
she's missing her tit."

	"Hear that, cunt?" Cable wants to fuck you." Lick pushed up Phoenix's skirt,
his hands sliding under her buttocks and forcing Phoenix to rise off of the
couch. Lick's fingers dug into her crevice and pulled apart her cheeks. "Maybe
he's going to want to fuck your ass as well. Stick his big dick into your cute
little hole" Lick said as he poked a finger through her panties and barely into
her ass.

	"Plleeeasse" moaned Phoenix, her arms beginning to torment. Lick stood up
and pulled the belt from his pants. His pants fell to the floor .He wasn't
wearing underpants "Let the fun begin" he announced.  "Since you aint got
anything to say, I'm gonna stuff your mouth until you choke. Open wide."

	Phoenix turned her face away and clenched her mouth.

	Lick grabbed her chin with his left hand and plunged his pinkie and ring
finger of his right hand into either of her nostrils forcing her head back and
leaving her gasping for breath.

	"That's a good girl. But I'm going to promise you something. You bite down
on my good buddy and even if you cut it off, my instructions to Cable here are
to roast you alive like you did to Bessler. Understand.

	Phoenix nodded her head.

	"Okay, stick out your tongue."

	Phoenix did as she was told.

	"Now lick me up and down, real slow

	Phoenix began to lick. In seconds he was hard and long.

	"Here comes, sweet meat". Lick thrust his cock into her mouth, choking her
of breath. Taking her head in both his hands, he began to furiously fuck her
mouth. He came in less than a minute, forcing her to swallow the thick, salty
sperm.

	"Your turn, Cable", Lick said as he wiped his dick on Phoenix's cheek.

	

	"I think I like your idea, Lick. I'm gonna fuck her ass." Cable let go of
Phoenix's arms which instantly gave her relief. In the next instant, Cable had
come around the couch to face the girl. He easily picked her up and threw her
face down and straddling the overstuffed arm of the couch.

	"Hold her for me, will ya Lick" Cable said as he disappeared into the
kitchen. Lick went behind the couch so he could look into the face of his
exhausted victim. "Tell you the truth, apple dumpling, I'm glad you refused to
cooperate. I hope you got the stamina to keep your mouth shut all afternoon.
Cause this is just the beginning."

	Cable had returned. He was holding a stick of butter.

	"What's that for?" Lick asked.

	"Gosh, Lick, I don't want to really hurt the girl. She ain't done nothing
wrong except maybe fry Bessler. And of course, not tell us where the money is
hid. But those ain't reasons to do something mean." Cable went behind Phoenix.
He pushed up her black shirt and pulled to one side her black silk panties.

	The butter had become soft in his hands and he squished it part way up into
her ass. Withdrawing the stick, Cable reached into his pants and pulled out a
large, purple veined cock and nudged it toward her hole.

	Phoenix began to struggle and tried to twist away but Lick was holding her
by her throat and Cable had wrapped his meaty fist around her long hair and was
pulling her head backward. His heavy weight on her back left her no room to
squirm. She could feel him pressing against her privacies. Then he suddenly
thrust and entered her half way.

	"Oooowwww" she groaned as he began to pump and push deeper and deeper inside
of her. Unlike Lick, Cable was in no hurry. He pushed in and pulled back, pushed
in and pulled back, over and over until Phoenix thought she would be split in
two. With his free hand, Cable pushed up Phoenix's white blouse so he could feel
her sleek back, arched toward him like a bow pulled taut. He ran his tongue up
her spine. He bit her neck.

	

	Meanwhile, Lick had put his thumbs into Phoenix's mouth and forced her to
open wide. He bent down and spit a wad onto her tongue. He spit again, this time
onto her face. As she felt his saliva dripping down her cheeks, she also felt a
surge of heat in her ass as Cable flooded her with his cum. A few seconds later,
she felt him pull out and get up. Without his enormous weight leaning over her,
she could again catch her breath. Lick was smiling.

	Lick was holding his leather belt and gently slapping it in his palm. "I
think its time now to really teach you a lesson"

	But Phoenix was convinced. She was certain, beyond a doubt that these two
cretins deserved to burn in hell. "You don't have to do that, I'll tell you
everything." Turning to Cable, she said: "Bring me that safe deposit box and
look in Bessler's desk for a protractor to measure angles." Phoenix didn't
really need the tool, but it would serve her purpose to look like she did.

	Cable returned a moment later. "Is this what you want?" he asked holding up
a plastic half circle.

	"That's it. Give it to me." Phoenix took out the small piece of triangular
wood and carefully measured the angles. "Write these down" she said as she
studied the wood. 37 degrees, 55 degrees , and 88 degrees. That's it."

	"That's what?" yelled Lick.

	"That's the combination to the wall safe which is hidden behind the set of
Pythagorian Theory books in the bookcase. Bessler wasn't too bright, so he used
a simple combination plan, turn clockwise to 37, turn counterclockwise past 37
one turn to 55 and return to 88."

	Both men rushed to the bookcase. Lick began twisting the dial. "What did you
say the last number was?" he yelled.

	"Eighty-eight" Phoenix answered from the bathroom where she was vigorously
washing away the uncleanliness. Phoenix did not tell Lick or Cable, that based
on the triangle having three angles, the warning was to avoid opening the safe
for three minutes to shut off the automatic valve that would release a small
blast of poison gas into the faces of anyone within immediate breathing
distance.

	

	The stream of tap water drowned out the sound of the safe opening. It did
not cover the sound of two bodies thumping to the floor. When Phoenix felt
clean, she re-entered the living room, stepping over the bodies of Lick and
Cable. Inside the wall safe was a huge stack of one hundred dollar bills.
Rummaging through a closet, Phoenix found a large suitcase. Carefully she packed
the suitcase. It was bulging by the time she had emptied the safe. As she rolled
it out the door and down the driveway, Phoenix thought of all the groups working
to end sweat shop conditions around the world who would benefit from this
donation. She was reminded of the truth that out of the ashes of the old, a new
world would be reborn.

	That night, a magnificent, unidentified bird circled the city.


	*********************************************************




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sango


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





