BDSM Library - The Sacrifice




The Sacrifice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Male submissive finds himself the sacrifical victim to an organization of women who are avowed men haters and who take pleasure in torturing and  ultimately putting men to death.
The Sacrifice

As we pulled into the tree lined gravel driveway which lead to the old farm I
noted that the tunnel of maples hid the house and out buildings from those
traveling down the rural road that brought us to this hide-a-way.

Darla, my former wife and current mistress chuckled with delight as she said:
"This is it Kenny! Oh God, I can hardly wait to see and hear your reaction!"

Sitting naked in the back seat of what had been my luxury Lexus sedan. My
mistress had further restricted my movements by connecting a tight leather cord
to my testicles, running it up the crack of my ass and secured to the cuffs on
my wrists which were shackled behind me, I remained silent wondering if I would
ever leave this place, if I would ever again see these trees or anything else
once these men hating women had finished taking their pleasures with me. I had
the feeling this was the last day of my life.

It had been almost six months since my then wife had discovered my cache of
sado-masochistic pornography, including numerous drawings I had made of my wife,
family members and friends inflicting painful, humiliating acts upon me and
which depicted me enjoying such torment.

Darla had taken full advantage of the power she enjoyed as a result of her
discovery. We had had a difficult marriage and this only served to justify her
disgust and anger with me. She had utilized these magazines to find the WWHAM
(Women Who Hate All Men) organization and establish contact with Madam Zora. 

Darla had also, under the threat of exposure, particularly the cartoons, made me
transfer all my financial holdings to her and then filed an uncontested divorce
insuring that I was left financially destitute. Additionally, she had me sign a
letter of confession freeing her of any responsibility of anything that may
happen to me resulting from my perversions and stating that I willingly have
begged her to become my mistress and executor, noting that I was mentally
incompetent to care for myself or handle my affairs.

I had also wrote a separate letter of abandonment stating that I had fled the
country. This would allow her to dispose of me without anyone bothering to look
for me.

 I was terrified during the transition in our relationship, but I was also
erotically excited. I had no idea what was to develop, but the concept of being
a sexual slave to this beautiful woman, who had originally professed love for
me, became disgusted with me and finally came to hate me, was sexually exciting! 
I was incredibly aroused by the fact that I loved a woman who hated me. I found
her hate and the intensity of her anger towards me really exciting. She had no
compassion or sympathy for any of the pain and suffering she inflicted upon me.

For years the idea of total emasculation at the hands of a cruel woman had
provoked numerous orgasms via masturbation. I never had a very good self-image
and readily acknowledged my unworthiness as a real man.  But Darla brought my
fantasies to life and exacerbated my decline as a man. This, to me, was sexually
exciting!

Driving up the gravel driveway, in anticipation of the horrors that awaited me,
I felt the blood surging into my groin as an erection began to take hold. I was
scared and excited.

As the house came into view and spotted the number of cars parking up next to
the house, Darla exclaimed: "Oh good, it looks like everyone is here and waiting
for us!"

She pulled the car next to the last car and killed the engine. Then turning
around to look at me she warned: "Now, don't you fucking embarrass me, you
hear?"

I nodded as I responded: "Yes mam."

"I know I don't have to remind you not to speak unless requested to do so."

"Yes mam."

"Alright, ready?"

"Yes mam."

Darla opened her door and exited the vehicle. Then opening the back door she
allowed me to exit. The cold autumn air sent shivers running through me and I
danced slightly to keep the cold from my feet. Instantly Darla slapped me across
the face!

"Stop that! I know you're not a man, but at least pretend to act like one!"

"Sorry."

"Anymore of that shit and you will be sorry, I promise."

"Yes mam."

With that she walked ahead of me up to the front porch with me close behind.
Turning back she cautioned: "Head down, don't look into the faces of any of my
friends unless instructed to do so."

"Yes mam. I'll try mam." It was near impossible for me to look down due to the
leather cord bound to my testicles and forcing me into an up-right position.

Darla knocked on the door and almost immediately it was opened. Madame Zora
greeted her with a warm embrace and kiss. She was quite tall and I could see she
was wearing a long black satin like gown that touched the toes of her stiletto
heeled black shoes. There was a slit in her skirt that exposed a great deal of
her milk white legs. As I stood on the porch Darla  embraced the  other women
who were in attendance and exchanged warm greetings. I guessed there were ten to
twelve women there, but I didn't dare look up long enough to count.  My eyes
focused down I listened to the exchange of conversation:

"You look wonderful!"

"Oh Darla, I'm so excited!"

"Me too, I've been all wet all week in anticipation!"

"So that's our little plaything."

"Not much of a man is he?"

"No he isn't."

"Not even close!"

"You've shaved him!"

"Of course!"

"Did you bring the cartoons?"

"Oh yes."

 Darla turned and instructed me.

 " Kenny, go back to the car and get your cartoons. The girls want to see them."

"Yes mam." I moved awkwardly back towards the car wondering if in my condition I
would even be able to open the door and retrieve the cartoons.

"My what a cute ass! Have you fucked him?"

"Yes, he's got a terrific little fuck hole, but I'm  betting you girls will
enlarge it!"

"I've always wanted to get a black guy with a huge dick and AIDS fuck the shit
out of him!"

"Oh yeah!"

The women all laughed in unison.

"Small dick though!"

"He looks like a real sissy."

"Typical of most of our bitches!"

"Does he make a lot of noise? Good screamer?"

"OhGod  yes! He hurts real good!"  I could hear Darla respond. "Screams like a
castrated pig!"

Again the women erupted in laughter.

Reaching the car, I managed to opened the car door with my hands still bound
behind my back. Then sitting on the cold leather seat, I thought I would rip my
testicles off as  I grappled until my hands found the large manila envelope,
full of the cartoons that lead to Darla having the power of life and death over
me, off the seat on the passenger side of the front seat. For a brief instant I
thought of grabbing the contents and running for my life, but I just as quickly
I knew it would be for naught and that Darla would surely kill me once I was
caught. I ran back to the front porch and keeping my head down I backed towards
the door and attempted to hold out the envelope for them.

Darla took the envelope. "Oh, just wait until you see these, Kenny is quite a
good artist!"

The women all entered the house and then Darla turned back towards me. "What the
fuck are you waiting for? Get in here!"

Hurrying inside I responded. "Yes mam."

"Zora, what would you like me to do with this piece of shit?"

"Bring him along."

Grabbing me by my nose Darla lead me into a large living room.

"Have him squat on his haunches over there in the corner, but I don't want that
son-of-a-bitch dirtying my walls or the furniture."  I heard the voice of Madame
Zora instruct.

Darla lead me to the corner and told me to sit quietly on my haunches and not to
lean against Madame Zora's walls, so that I would be as uncomfortable as
possible. It was particularly difficult with my wrist still cuffed behind me. I
really thought I was about to rip my testicles off!  She then returned to the
group of men hating women to show them my most intimate secret fantasies, which
I had revealed with pen and ink on my sketchpad.

Laughter and chuckles filled the room as Darla revealed my pictures.

"Kenny being fucked by his Priest! Look at the little cartoon balloons where he
put the dialogue. He's begging Father to fuck him good!-- His mother spanking
his testicles as she calls him a faggot little fuck!"

"I've started doing that with my son!" One of the women interjected. "Little
bastard!"

Darla continued-" I love this one of his mommy pushing his face into the toilet
bowel calling him a piece of shit!-Here's one of me, kicking him in the nuts
while he begs me to kick him harder! Note the blood and cum flying! Ha Ha, we've
played this little game several times!"

"You're the girl! God, you can really tell it's you" One of the women
interjected.

"Yeah, my little pervert can draw! - Here he is sucking his father's cock while
his brother fucks him in the ass as his mother pisses on him! And here he is
sucking his brother's cock while he plays with himself and, this is his
grandmother, she's whipping his bitch mother for giving birth to a fucking
queer!!  This black woman, beating the shit out of him with the whip, as I
laugh, is his secretary! I'd love to get her to join us."

They continued to laugh and joke as they explored my demented fantasies.

"Another of him being beaten by his mother and me.... One of him licking his
secretary's ass after she shit in his mouth...looks like he really loves it,
doesn't it! Asshole! ..."

"Cock sucking, shit eating  little homo!" One of the women interjected!

"Look at this! It's his mother nailing the thin skin of his testicles to a table
while he jacks off, fucking pervert! "

One of the women crossed over to me in the corner. I saw her leather boots just
as she lifted her left foot, drew it back, and drop kicked me in the testicles
sending me falling to the floor! "You like that faggot shit, you cocksucker?"

"AARRRRRGHHHH!!!!!"  A deep moan of agony bursts from the lips as I fell to the
floor.

"Fucking demented asshole!" She added as she returned to the group of women and
the sketches.

Crossing to me Darla grabbed me by the hair and pulled me up! "What the fucks
the matter with you? Are you trying to embarrass me you fucking cry baby? I told
you to stay on your fucking haunches and not dirty the walls or the furniture!
God damit! I warned you not to embarrass me!"

"I'm sorry mam." I mumbled as sickening ache filled my groin and lower abdomen.

"You've got to learn to control that piece of shit!"  I heard Madame Zora
caution.

"I am truly sorry." I heard Darla respond. "It won't happen again, will it
Kenny?"

"No mam." I managed to whisper through my pain.

The voices of some of the other women added.

"Piece of shit!"

"Assholes are so fucking hard to control."

"We're going to have fun teaching this faggot turd!"

"I'm sorry." Darla apologized once again.

"We understand Darling, they can be so difficult sometimes." It was a heavy set
woman in a flowered kimono who embraced Darla and kissed her cheek.

"Yeah,  Remember that faggot I had married? Jesus I loved watching that bitch
homo die! Cried like a fucking baby!"

"Was your old man the one we cut off his nuts and pissed on him as he bled to
death?"

"Jesus! Remember how he pleaded: 'No, no, please, please no. I'll change, I'll
be good!' Fucking crybaby! God what a relief when that son-of-a-bitch stopped
fucking breathing!"

"Yeah. He was what? Our third or fourth sacrifice?"

"Fifth! Remember the asshole had a heart attack in front of the temple!
Literally scared the piss ant to death! Screwed us out of a good time."

"Yeah, that was a bummer!"

"Killing that piece of shit I brought was exciting though, remember?"

"Yes! God that was exciting! You waited to kill that cock sucker for two years
didn't you?!"

"Oh yeah. And when I brought him here the dumb son-of-a-bitch thought we were
going to pinch his balls and let him go!"

Laughter filled the room as they recalled his sacrifice to these women.

"You're not under any such delusions of survival, are you Kenny?"

I was speechless listening what had happened to at least some of my
predecessors. My entire body was trembling listening to these men hating women.

Darla followed up the inquiry. "Are fucking deaf? Did you hear Helen's
question?"

"Ye...ye..yes  mam and no...no..no mam."

"You've done well, Darla!"

"I'm proud of you, but I bet we can still make this twerp scream like hell and
beg us not to kill his pathetic ass!"

Darla laughed. "I won't take that bet! I know you guys too well! I have a
feeling you're going to put my little homo through hell!"

All the women broke into laughter!

"One thing!"  Darla interrupted the laughter. "One thing, well two things" She
crossed over to me and placed her hand gently on my head. . "One: I want Kenny's
torment  to take a long time....Seeing him suffer and  scream really turns me
on, doesn't it Kenny?"

"Yes Mam." I responded obediently.

".I get real wet watching him suffer.  I need for us to punish him so bad that
cum will gush from me like a fucking water fall!"

The women chuckled and whispered words of appreciation of Darla's desires. "You
got it Sweetie!" One of the women added.

"And two: I want us to come up with an innovative way of hurting him!. I loved
it when we castrated these bastards! Castration always gives me several orgasms,
and I want Kenny castrated,  but prior to that I want his  torment to be so bad
just the idea of it will give all of us orgasms!"

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Came words of support along with applause.

"You really don't give a shit if he dies!" One of the women yelled.

Stroking my head and then lifting my head and looking directly into my eyes she
responded with a smile across her lips. "No. I don't think even Kenny dared
dream that he would leave here alive, did you Sweetheart."

I had a lump in my throat the size of a muskmelon and tears of fear were
streaming down my face as I managed: "No mam."

"Kenny, tell the ladies who will miss you when you're dead?"

"Nobody Mam."

"Kenny,  you understand my friends  hate you as much as I do, just because I
hate you, don't you/"

"Yes Mam."

"And, when my friends and I kill you, what should we do with your remains?"

"Ahhh...I don't know...maybe put me in the garbage, Mam?"

Darla was stroking my head gently. "Why the garbage, Kenny?"

"Because... because Mam, you told me I'm nothing but garbage mam...garbage and
shit.  And, if I'm in the garbage mam, the rats will eat my remains and I will
become what I really am."

"What's that Kenny?"

"Rat shit Mam."

Ohhhs and Ahhhhs filled with admiration filled the room as once again Darla's
control over me drew applause.

"You know, before we kill you, we are going to hurt you like you have never been
hurt before?"

"Yes Mam."

"Are you afraid?"

"Yes Mam." Tears were streaming down my face confirming my fears as I sucked
snot back up into my nostrils.

"Good, you should be, because you know I want to hurt you real real bad and
hurting you gives me pleasure!"

"I know, mam."

"You know I hate you, don't you Kenny?"

"Yes Mam."  My short responses were interrupted now by my sobbing.

"You realize no one in this room is going to offer you any sympathy, or mercy or
compassion."

"Yes Mam."

"Why is that Kenny?"

My responses were broken into almost gibberish as I tried to respond through my
snot filled nose and tears.

"I don't deserve any compassion or sympathy Mam. I lied to you Mam. I lied and I
cheated on you. I pretended to be a man and all the time I really knew I wasn't.
I masturbated over dirty pictures and spilled my seed on the ground against the
laws of the Bible... and I drew dirty pictures of you and our friends and my
family and I masturbated over them like a perverted little boy...  I deserve to
be punished... I deserve to be punished real bad by you and these ladies!"

Applause and cheers erupted among the women!

"Stand up Kenny, I want you kneel right here to meet the women who are going to
help me." As I rose to my feet she whispered in my ear: "As they approach you
will kiss the palms of each of their hands to show proper respect. Remember
these are the hands of the women who are going to inflict the pain on you, that
you know you deserve."

"Yes Mam."

These are the hands that will dirty themselves by touching a piece of filth like
you, the hands that will help bring me the joy of ultimately taking your
pathetic life and freeing me of you."

One by one the women came up to helpless body and held their hands out as Darla
introduced them to me. I kissed the palms of their hands as my tears continued
to flow, soaking my face and as I sucked the snot back up into my sinus cavity. 
Madame Zora was first.

As I leaned to kiss her palm I saw she was wearing surgical gloves, which were
coated with shit! There was a plastic bucket of shit on the table. They took the
lid off and all the women were putting on surgical gloves and dipping them into
the bucket as they approached me.

"This is a farm."  Madame Zora stated. "It's pig shit, and I believe a couple of
the ladies even made a contribution."

"Diarrhea is mine! Couldn't wait!"  One of the ladies said with glee. Several
laughed.

"You may lick it clean."  Madame Zora said as if I had been awaiting such a
treat.

"Do as you're told. Remember, you have the privilege of actually meeting the
women who are going to take your life. That is a privilege!  Nothing, not even
shit can compare with the filth they will endure by having to touch you in order
to help me find the peace you owe me."  Darla instructed. "Now show the proper
respect, or I'll stuff that whole fucking bucket of shit down your throat!"

I did as I was told. I had eaten Darla's shit before on numerous occasions. She
had sat on my face and shit directly into my mouth, served it to me on a plate
as if it was a fancy dinner and made me scope it out of our toilet. Occasionally
she would take me to old gas stations around town. She would lock the door and
masturbate as she made me drink the stale urine out of the urinal or eat the
shit out of a stuffed up toilet as she cursed at me and called me names. I
always got deathly sick but it really excited her when I vomited. She would beat
me, kick me and curse at me until she experienced several orgasms! Now I had
reached a new low, I was eating pig shit!

Some of the women not only stuck their hands in the bucket of waste, they
brought handfuls of it for me to eat, then they would wipe their hands on my
face and in my hair! One by one they came offering words of congratulations to
Darla.

"You've done well! We must make love this weekend!"
"I look forward to it."

"Congratulations. He's so wonderfully pathetic!"
"Thank you, yes he is, isn't he."

"Jesus, I'm so fucking hot! I had two orgasms just while you were asking him
questions."
"Me too, what I wouldn't give for a good dildo right now!"

"It will be fun killing this little shit eater."
"I know. Can't wait to see him breathe his last!"

"You look lovely today, darling. I'm so hot for you, you've done such a great
job with him!"
"Thank you."

"Will you help me train my man?"
"It'll be a pleasure. That's the only sad thing about this, I hate the prospect
of not having a piece of shit to train and play with."



"You've done a wonderful job with him. The power you demonstrate over him is
just incredible! I envy you! My panties are all wet!"
"Thank you. It has been work, but I'm not complaining. I've some wonderful
orgasms training my little Kenny."



"I got so hot watching him cry, can't wait to hear his screams."
"Kenny will do us proud."

"Someone said he's ate shit before."
"Yes, Kenny has eaten a great deal of mine, but from the looks of things, I
think he prefers pig shit!"

"Oh God Darla, I'm so proud of you! I've never seen a man beaten into such low
self-esteem. It is going to be such an honor to be a part of your special day!
To be there and share your joy when you are finally rid of him for good!"
"Thank you. This is the happiest day of my life and I'm so glad all of you are
here to share it with me!"

One of the last ladies in the line gave Darla the idea that would seal my fate.

"I think your little faggot gave us a wonderful idea."
"How's that?"

"I think we should have Marian, she's a veterinarian, make some well placed
incisions, so he's bleeding enough to attract the rats, then put him behind the
barn are watch the rats crawl inside him and eat him alive"

"OhGod! Would that be exciting! Marian is a vet so she would know exactly where
and how much to cut so that he would remain alive for a long enough time to give
me several orgasms!" Turning to me Darla added: "Did you hear that Kenny? You
could turn to rat shit while you're still alive, begging and screaming for
mercy! Oh Jesus, just think of it!"

The fear that raged through my body along with a stomach full of pig shit caused
nausea to sweep through me and before the line was finished, the foul smelling
brown vomit filled my throat! I clenched my mouth shut, gagging on the shit
vomit, but I managed to swallow it again, knowing to do otherwise would
embarrass Darla.

Darla continued with excitement. "Get Marian! Oh God, how could we get some rats
and bring them inside so we could put him on the alter in the temple and watch
them eat him alive? Oh God I'm coming just thinking about it!"

Marian, a tall, slender woman in her late 40's or so, with a chiseled narrow
face of a Gestapo officer, returned to the line.

"Yes, Darling, what can I do for you?"

"Amy had a wonderful idea! Could we get some rats and put Kenny on the alter and
have you cut him open, just enough so that he would remain alive while the rats
crawled inside his sick flesh and ate him alive in front of us? Oh God, can we?
Can we?"

Marian raised my face towards her and smiled. She was very mean looking with a
mouth full of teeth. "I just happen to have several white rats back at my
laboratory. It's just a few minutes from here. It promises to be a most
memorable evening. Most memorable!"

"Oh wonderful!"  Darla responded rubbing her hand against her groin. "It's
perfect! Ohhhhhhhhh!!!! I just had another orgasm! It's perfect! Oh Kenny it's
so fucking exciting, isn't it?"

"I'm sure my babies will love some fresh meat!"  Marian added. "Be back in a
few."

"Everyone!"  Darla shouted. "Everyone! Come here! Did you hear Amy's idea! Oh
God I'm so fucking excited! Marian has some rats back in her lab. She's going to
the lab now and gets a bunch of white rats! Then she's going to cut Kenny open
on the alter and we're going watch and listen as Kenny gets eaten to death!"

Applause, mixed with laughter and sick jokes filled the room. It was an
innovative first for these men haters and a sacrifice they were going to
remember for a long time. My death was going to be the source of numerous
sadistic orgasms!

"Will they crawl inside him and eat his guts right there on the alter?"

"Yes! Yes! Isn't it exciting!!" Darla responded with enthusiasm.

"Oh my God! You're right Darla, I'm cumming already!"

"Me too! Jesus, what an idea!"

"Ladies! Ladies!" Madame Zora interrupted the excitement. "I believe it is time
for us to change into our ceremonial robes and then go to temple." The ladies
chatted with excitement as they left the room.

On the outside the temple was by all appearances an old barn, but once inside it
became an ornate temple of worship. Twenty- four oversized, red velvet, lazy boy
type chairs were perched on a raised platform, forming a circle around a marble
alter. They were elevated so that they could look down at the alter and not miss
any element of the sacrifice.  Behind the chairs were statues of naked women
with black satin capes. The room was lighted by scented candles and one
spotlight from the ceiling aimed directly at the top of the alter.

Before entering the temple Darla took me to the pigpen and made me stick my
finger down my throat and provoke vomit. She then sprayed me with a hose to wash
the pig  shit off my face and out of my hair. I had to be clean before entering
the temple and as she said she didn't want me to offend my dinner guests!

Upon entering the temple she cut the leather strap around my testicles and
removed the handcuffs, so that I could be stretched out upon the alter. There
was a strap around my throat, my chest and my legs and arms.  My arms were
pulled taunt above my head while my legs were splayed to the point of tearing
them apart.

By the time Marian returned with two cages of white rats and some mice I was
strapped to the alter in a spread eagle manner so that the front of my body was
totally exposed to her scalpel and to the carnivorous rats and mice who would
take me to eternity.

Once I was firmly secured so that it was near impossible to resist what awaited
me Darla came to the alter.

"Kenny, you've been a good slave and I thank you for all the pleasure your
suffering has provided me. But this is the best! I'm so wet and so excited.
Marian has promised to let me do a lot of the cutting, so I'll be right here
through the whole thing! As your sponsor, I get to put the rats on you and help
them get into your wounds, isn't that wonderful! Look, I'm shaking with
excitement!"  She held up her quivering hands.

"Please no! Please don't do this Darla! Please!" I begged,  knowing such a
sentiment of weakness may provoke her anger, but she simply smiled and stroked
my forehead.

"I know. You're scared, and you should be.  I know."

"Please God! No! No!"  I was screaming by now. "I 'm going to hell! Please don't
send me to hell! I'll do whatever you ask, please no!" 

"You're right Kenny, you're going to hell!."

" God don't like perverts."  I said as tears filled my eyes once again. "Please
don't send me to hell!"

Again she stoked my forehead and smiled. "Shhhhh! When the rats are done with
you we're going to give you to Madame Zora's Doberman's. She says they love raw
meat and she doesn't want to cheat them out of a good meal!"

Chuckling she added; You'll be rat shit and dog shit!" Then we're going to put
your bones in the tree shredder and there won't be enough left of you for the
devil to find. Maybe God and the Devil will be like the rest of us and not give
a shit what happens to you after that!"

Darla moved away from the alter and music filled the temple. The women, now all
dressed in black satin capes, filed in chanting something about being the
daughters of some lesbian goddess.

Madame Zora came to the alter: She made an incantation and then welcomed all the
women to this meeting of the WWHAM. She then invited Doctor Marian Wescoff and
Darla up to the alter. The two women stood on each side of Madame Zora. All
three then slipped out of their satin garments and revealed the fact that they
were naked. The rest of the women in the temple followed suit, remaining naked
in their chairs. They were rubbing their clitorises and pinching their nipples
urging Darla and Marian to proceed.

"Cut him! Cut him, Cut him, Cut him!"  Was their chant.

Marian opened her leather kit of sharp instruments and held them up for all to
see.

The chanting grew louder as the women applauded and cheered. "Cut him! Cut him!
Cut him!"

She turned and handed the scalpel to Darla saying: "He's all yours. make a long
incision from here to here." Indicating a line from my spleen to my groin.

Darla looked down at me and smiled. "Good bye Kenny." She then held the scalpel
to my lips and instructed me. "Kiss it Kenny."

I was screaming and pleading as tears were flowing from my eyes and my body was
shaking with fright. However, obediently, sobbing with fear, I kissed the sharp
instrument. I managed a faint smile and mouthed the words: " I love you Darla! I
love  you! I love you!." I was screaming as I pleaded and offered my commitment
of love.

Darla smiled back at me and puckered her lips as if to give me a kiss.

Dr. Wescoff brought on of the huge white rats to the alter. She held it high
above me as the women stood and cheered! The chant turned to "Rat shit! Rat
shit! Rat shit! Kill the Rat Shit!"

The doctor then lowered the rat to my face and instructed me to kiss it. "This
is the Alpha Female Kenny. She will be the first rat to feast on your disgusting
flesh! It is she who will be first to convert your sorry ass into rat shit!"

The applause and cheers was deafening! The rat was set on the alter between my
legs as Dr. Wescoff instructed Darla to begin.

Darla smiled at me and said: "Fuck you Kenny! Now let me hear your dumb ass
scream you motherfucker! Scream you son-of-a-bitch! Make me cum you male piece
of shit!" She then gritted her teeth and began to make the incision as I drowned
out the sound of the cheering women with my screams!

Suddenly the women in the temple started screaming and police in uniform and
civilian dress burst into the temple screaming at Darla. "Drop it! Drop it now!"
Their weapons pointed at her. I heard the metal scalpel hit the marble alter as
it bounced and hit the floor.

The police had been watching Madame Zora and Dr. Wescoff for sometime and
followed the doctor from her office when she went to pick up the rats.

Today the Doctor and Madame Zora are sitting on death row, while the other
women, including Darla, are serving anywhere from ten to fifty-five years in
prison.

As for me, my estate and holdings have been restored to me and I am alone and
looking for a Mistress to take Darla's place. Do you know anyone who will
tolerate me?

-ooo-




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





