BDSM Library - Sincerely Slave




Sincerely Slave
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A "Slave Trainer" was hired through internet to train this haughty office employee into an obedient sex slave.
   Sincerely Slave Chapter 1

I remember as I watched her struggle in that cage. She seemed frantic as
her fingers grasped the bars pulling, pushing, and finally using her body
weight against them.
Nonetheless she couldn't move them at all, and as I sat in my office chair
watching this display on the screen, I smiled looking out the window. By
the week's end she'd be a desperate woman, hungry tired and humiliated
beyond her wildest expectations.
Turning back to the screen I admired her sleek body, full blonde hair just
below her shoulders. Her cheekbones set high on her face giving her a
small expression, and narrow eyes. In the cage with her was only a sheet
of canvas stretched across the five-foot width of the cage, for her to
sleep on. Sheila had not taken off any clothing yet, but that would be
assured in time. Patience is everything. The commode she needed to use for
her bodily functions was set in a concrete block she was unable to move,
but other than that there was nothing. There had been nothing for almost
twenty hours.
She looked around the room that the cage was in and began another session
of weeping, and screaming vulgarities and accusations, "Why, Why Me?" But
no voice answered.
Sheila was a woman that needed humility - extreme humility. Since working
with her at the company for three years I really wanted to turn the tables
on her. My chance came one night at a company party when fellow office
compatriots had gotten exceptionally drunk and related their feelings
openly. One was a woman and three were men. They mentioned having her
kidnaped and turned into a sex slave for them!
Being the crafty gent that I am I used the Internet and made my self
available as a "Slave Trainer" to them. Everything was arranged via email
and sure enough they never suspected anyone from inside the company. I
rented office space in the same building and had one room designed
completely soundproof. The large animal size cage was delivered in pieces
and resembled more scaffolding than its true purpose.
One day when the office was scarcely occupied I slipped past the bitch's
desk and dropped some knockout powder into her ice tea. There you have it.
But that was seven months ago.
Today she is still kept in that cage, on occasion she is let out but with
bondage so tight she can't get away. She fulfills our wildest fantasy's
daily and let me say lunch breaks are always tiring.
Anyway back to the past, I stood outside her door listening to everyone
left at work while hearing Sheila sip her drink and before long she
thudded from her chair onto the floor. I acted quickly, entering her
secluded office, locking the door behind me. She was gagged, bound and
pushed into her closet before even a few minutes.
I returned to the outside walking past everyone and saying, "Hey, drinks
are on me at Moody's til seven PM!" That pretty well cleared out the place
and I knew the stragglers would soon leave too, so I left the office via
the elevator. While at Moody's I told them to hold my card while I ran
back to my house to change clothes. Too bad I had them in my trunk already
but that bought me time to act out the necessary kidnaping.
With my car in the parking garage I grabbed a jumpsuit and threw in into
my briefcase and went running up the stairwell. I entered the back door of
the office suites and jogged the entire space looking for anyone. All
clear now! I slipped the Cannon brand jumpsuit on and hood to follow that.
I went to the copy room and got the large copy machine box that was folded
flat against the wall. Using the clear band tape, the box soon resembled
its original form some four feet high and nearly three feet wide. I placed
it on the cart and went to her office. She was awake, struggling and
cursing under the gag but a quick stab in her shoulder with more knockout
drug and she soon became limp. Timing was everything now, and I raced
through the office pushing the box I had curled her in. The longer she was
confined the more chance she'd awaken and create suspicious noises, or
worse yet she'd stop breathing! Off with my hood, then on to the elevator,
which was easy to get on this late in the day. When I got to the desired
floor I exited and calmly pushed the cart into my rented suite.
Sheila regained consciousness but only after all her bonds had been
removed, she was locked her into the cage, and I departed. Her cage was in
a sound proof room, with no source of natural light. The lighting was on a
timer and never went out completely but every four hours dimmed
sufficiently to allow sleep but still enough light to see her bucket. The
walls were barren, but there was a seventeen-inch computer screen in the
corner of the room which I had connected to another outside the room.
Whenever I needed to communicate, I would be able to do so easily. The
screen displayed a marque that ran slowly from the first hour she was
inside that read. "My slaves eat and drink without clothing - strip
completely when hungry or thirsty."
As one would imagine, she threw quite a fit the twelve hours and I slept
at the "new office" occasionally watching her on the video it was
extremely emotional to watch. She tried to move the bars, the commode, and
even searched a way to find out where it drained. I had to admit she gave
her all but it was futile. I returned to the party at Moody's in time to
pay the bill, and bid some of my co-worker's goodnight.
The next day Sheila didn't come in to work, but people seemed to accept
that she could probably be sick, and frankly no one offered to call her
up. Since she was single there wouldn't be anyone else wondering for a few
days at least.
During the day and night I was able to keep tabs on Sheila via a camera on
the monitor and three more placed in the corners of the room. They were
tiny but allowed for great resolution and in color! Using my desk
computer, I checked on her via my personal network.
About four o'clock everyone began to leave. I went to my other office. She
was still fully clothed but looking very tired hungry and dehydrated. More
than once she looked over at the monitor and watched the display, but
turned her head away in disgust.
I admired her stamina and actually began to wonder if she might lose
consciousness before she gave in. Then at ten PM she stood and faced the
monitor, and ceremoniously began to remove her blazer. It was followed by
her shoes, nylons, blouse and skirt. When she stood in a G-string and
low-cut brassiere, she hesitated. I watched in awe as she removed one
strap then another of her bra before it fell into the pile of clothing on
the floor of her cage. Lastly she bent and slid the G-string down her
legs. Then she stood arms folded under her large breasts and stared into
the monitor. I felt an erection coming on.
I sat at the keyboard on the other side of the wall, shook the mouse and
began to type into a word document in very large print. "Hands wide and
high on the bars." "Feet spread apart" She reacted angrily but performed
the task within a few minutes.
Next I typed the words, "Stand with feet wide and hands behind your neck,
elbows out." Again she complied though this time immediately.
She held the pose while I admired her firm breasts lifted up by her
muscles. Her nipples were very long.
I decided to test her resolve, "Offer me your breasts with your hands,
make me desire them." After giving the monitor a disgusted look she put
her hands under each breast and lifted them, then moved them together and
apart and independently up and down.
I felt she had earned water and a meal, so I wrote, "Lay flat down on the
floor, hands on the back of your neck, with your blazer over your head,
until the door slams shut." "Then you may rise up and eat." She
immediately dove to the floor, and pulled her blazer over her head and
placed her hands as directed.
After donning the hood, I took a broom handle with a coat-hook taped to it
and her food tray and slowly slid the door open. She looked fabulous
laying there with her naked buttocks and legs displayed. I pushed the tray
against the bars and used the coat-hook to retrieve all the clothing very
quietly. Then backed away and slammed the door.
I hurried back to the monitor to see her cautiously rise to her hands and
knees and turn around. Her breasts hung deliciously down. She crawled over
to the food and drink, taking it and eating it while sitting on her
buttocks. She was not ravenous but very thirsty and had finished the water
long before her food.
Sheila looked over at the monitor and motioned with her empty McDonald
paper cup for more water and I answered in type. "Lay down on your back
with the blazer covering only your head, keep your legs wide and I will
bring you some more water."
Her response was a nod and she laid down, pulling the blazer over her face
and placing her arms and legs wide. I had no other cup beside my own so I
quickly filled it with water and entered after donning the mask. Just as I
placed the cup on the floor she spoke, startling me and I quickly departed
slamming the door.
When I got back to the keyboard she was still laying there, then she
removed the blazer and sat up looking for the water, she crawled over to
it and drank it, then finished eating ignoring the monitor completely.
When she had swallowed the last of her food, she wiped her hand over her
lips and turned on her buttocks and looked at the monitor. She spoke, "If
you can hear me, tell me why you have kidnaped me?"
I typed the answer into the screen, "As a slave you do not have the right
to expect answers, so you will not get one." "You will do exactly as I
tell you is that clear?" Not that I expected her to agree but her training
had to begin immediately.
She looked at the screen and said, "So you can see me?" "Do you think I am
going to be a slave?" Then she added, "When the police find me, you will
be sorry."
I decided to test her again, "On your hands and knees, face the monitor."
She began to move at first but then sat back down and stared and said,
"No."
I dimmed the lights and went to sleep.




   Sincerely Slave chapter 2

When I awoke, I saw her laying on the canvas sleeping so I typed another
Marque, "Slaves try to please their Masters at all costs." Then I dressed
and went to work.
This second day I only checked on her a few times because it made it
difficult for me to concentrate on the tasks at hand and I was no longer
worried about how things would turn out. It might be months but she would
break and become a perfect little sex slave.
A few employees tried to call Sheila but they were only able to leave
messages on her machine. They dismissed the fact she had been gone from
work two days as the flu.
During lunch I took an elevator down to the ground floor and then ran back
up to my new office. When I saw Sheila, she was sitting with her legs
crossed on the floor, the blazer covering her privates.
I typed on the keyboard and then adjusted the room lights to get her
attention. The screen said, "Fold the blazer and place it under the canvas
cot if you want to eat."
Sheila complained about being mistreated, alone, and having to be without
clothing. She said, "You must be a pervert."
I typed on the screen, "Hey if you want company I am here, but don't
complain if you are hungry and say bad things about your master." "If you
want food or drink, you will assume the Slave pose." "Kneel with your
buttocks on your feet, knees wide apart, and hands either behind your back
or neck." "When you have been still for fifteen minutes, I might talk
about food."
Sheila grudgingly moved to her knees and assumed the pose I desired. She
chose to place her hands behind her back on her hips. I checked my watch
and ate lunch.
When the magic minute arrived, I type, "Slave, lay on your back, cover
your head with the blazer, and widen your feet again."
She performed the task readily without comment.
I sat and watched her for a minute or so before moving from my seat, then
I retrieved a small box and a jug of water, the hood and entered the room.
I placed the box and tray on the floor, then filled up both cups she had
placed outside the bars on the floor. I left again.
When she removed the Blazer, it surprised me to see her fold it and return
it to its proper place under her canvas bed. Then she took the water and
drank while looking at the box. Instead of taking her food from the tray
she held her cup and used one hand to take things from the box. The first
item she removed was a bra, it didn't support breasts but displayed them
in a frame of frills. The next item she removed was a long sliver
vibrator, which she placed back into the box. She stopped looking in the
box and took food from her tray and began to eat.
I used the opportunity to type a message on the screen, "I prefer that
while you eat, you are siting facing me with legs widely spread so I can
see your lips."
When she looked at the screen and read this message she blushed and turned
away in embarrassment, but eventually she turned and displayed herself as
I wanted. She continued to eat her peanut butter and jelly sandwiches
while showing me her light brown hair covering her plump lips.
I typed in the screen, "After you finished eating you may dress in the
clothing I have provided."
She answered, "That clothing isn't enough to call clothing though."
I typed in, "Finish the food and dress accordingly, I will not be back for
a while."
When I went back to work, I was excited about what to have her do
afterward.
When work ended I took the elevator down again and walked up another
stairwell. When I arrived, she was dressed in the lacy bra, and wore the
garter-belt with stockings. Aside from that there was only one other item
of clothing, and she didn't have it on.
I typed in the screen and adjusted the lights again. "Hi Slave, stand up
and model your attire for me."
Sheila stood and posed a few moments in many directions before commenting,
"Why the blindfold?"
I typed, "It will replace the blazer, you are to move it outside the
bars."
Sheila stood still and seemed to think of a way not to have to get rid of
the blazer, but her common sense won and she bent over picking it up and
placed it near the box.
"Put the blindfold on and place your wrists on the bars high up near the
top." "Remain that way until you hear the door slam again."
Sheila began to cry and asked again, "Why are you doing this to me." But
she also picked up the blindfold and began tying it around behind her
head.
When she was positioned correctly, I slowly entered the room with my hood
on, then as practiced I slipped a handcuff over each wrists and locked
them to the cross bar on the top of the cage. Sheila pulled but not
vigorously trying to back away from the cage bars. She was now
blindfolded, nearly naked and ready to play with.
I had obtained a voice box from a medical supply store in another city and
used it to mask my voice. "Spread your legs widely and keep them that
way." I ordered.
Sheila seemed startled at the voice but complied with orders. I reached
into the box and grabbed the long silver vibrator and turned it on, then
brought it against her buttock.
She shrieked, "Please, oh please don't use that on me!"
I spoke thru the box, "You have no choice, if I want to use this in or on
you it is not for you to complain about!" My hand moved the tip along her
hip and followed her hipbone down her front to her pubic bone. Once there
I moved the vibrator right between her lips nestling it like a hotdog
slides between two buns. She moved her hips but since her hands were
hanging so high she couldn't fight at all. I held the vibrator pressed
tightly for a while, watching her nipples harden, goose bumps appear on
her skin, and her breathing change.
I spoke again, "I will hold this here until you have an orgasm, so relax
and let yourself feel it."
"That is so embarrassing, especially like this, why that anyway?" She
spoke quietly as she choked on her tears.
I held my hand steady and watched her body closely. Things I noted were
her arms flexing, shoulders and tummy muscles changing. More than ten
minutes passed and I thought she would let me down when she suddenly began
to shake and buck her hips forward.
I spoke, "So this is what your look like when you enjoy eh?" The gravely
voice took away some of the exclamations, but I could tell she felt
humiliated beyond description. I removed the vibrator and replaced it with
my finger, pushing it slowly between her lips checking for moisture, and
it was a flood. After I removed my finger I brought it to her lips and
said, lick it off, but she scoffed and turned her head. This was not the
time to fight so I brought my hand up to one of her breasts, cupping and
squeezing it, before saying, "Hold perfectly still until I have slammed
the door to the room."
I released her wrists from handcuffs and stepped out of the room. When I
sat in front of the monitor she brought her wrists down slowly and
massaged them before removing the blindfold. She sat down cross-legged on
the floor and put her hands to her face weeping loudly.
She looked so fragile, not at all like the bold and assured woman she had
been only three days ago. I guess she might be trainable after all!
I wanted to see how far I could push her now that she was feeling
humiliated so I typed, "You performed beautifully, and as a result you
will be given a reward." "Slaves who please their masters are often
rewarded." "Ask me for something and we'll see if it is something that can
be delivered to you." What I really wanted was to make her vocal. That way
she'd be less apt to turn within.
She looked up from her hands and spoke to the monitor. "I just want to be
let go, don't you understand that you can't keep a slave?" "I honestly
don't hate you yet because you don't seem to want to hurt me physically,
but I need to be free," She pleaded with watery eyes and a constant
irritating sniffle.
I replied in type, "Gee I had thought that you would like something more
femininely like a shower or perfumes." "Would you like to earn one of
those?"
She realized what I meant and then looked up and said, "What about a
shower?"
I typed my reply, "You already had the opportunity to ask for that shower
but you asked for freedom instead." "However should you be willing to do
another performance and be given a second chance to ask for something
sensible like that shower."
She looked blankly at the screen and said, "You mean you offer but now you
don't want to give me anything?" Her tone was angry and it showed her
normal personality when she didn't get what she wanted.
I typed, "You were given a chance after your performance to ask for
something, you asked for your freedom, and you had only one chance." "To
earn another chance you need another performance." "There is something you
can offer, want to start from there?"
She sighed and folded her arms under her breasts, looking angrily at the
monitor and actually asked, "What is that?"
Now I had her exactly where I needed her. "Show me how you'd use the
vibrator - right now." "Put a show on for me and make me happy." "You can
even use the blindfold if that's easier."
Her face slackened and her shoulders went into a slump, as she realized
that I wanted to watch her pleasure herself. She seemed to think about it
for a long time but eventually she crawled over to the box.




   Sincerely Slave Chapter 3

She took the vibrator from the box and held it timidly in one of her small
hands. Then she crawled back to the corner bracing her back against both
corner bars. She widened her legs and showed me her pussy. She put the tip
of the silver prod against her lips but didn't push it between them. Her
head lifted and she said sarcastically, "Is this what you want?"
Though she couldn't see me smile, I knew that I had her literally up
against the wall. I decided to type another forceful command, "As you use
it I want to hear you speak about what you are doing with it."
She began to tear agin again but she began to push the vibrator inside
slowly no longer looking at the monitor. She kept pushing it deeper until
it was nearly all the way inside but still hadn't said a word. Then she
began to move it just a little out and back in, repeating this movement
over and over. The hand not holding the vibrator moved from her widespread
naked thigh up to her breast. I watched intently as she cupped it at
first, running her hand underneath it and then squeezed it moving upward
to touch the nipple. Her finger and thumb took the nipple and pulled it
out also twisting it at the same time. I could see that though her head
was bowed she had now closed both eyes. When I adjusted the camera for a
closeup I could see tears or falling from her cheeks down to her heavy
full breasts and then running off them to her tummy, mixing with sweat
before disappearing into her heavy pubic bush as she performed.
It was quite a while before she began to breathe harder and then moved her
hand faster on her sweaty breast, but no doubt she had an orgasm as she
shook bodily, and jerked uncontrollably.
When finished her hand slowly pulled out the vibrator and laid it to the
side, her other hand had already left her breasts and it was limp on her
thigh once again. She seemed exhausted, and when she looked up at the
monitor with a forlorn, humiliated face I saw defeat in her glassy eyes.
No longer was this the haughty office employee I once knew, but a woman
completely beaten.
I typed in the screen, "You may now stand and take a bow, if you want me
to give you more water."
She flipped her hand up and showed me the nasty finger, saying "Fuck you,
whoever you are."
I waited a while for her to rise but when she didn't, I decided to take a
rest, and leave her to think about her words. Before going to sleep I
typed on the screen. "It will be a while before I can come back and give
you some water, I want you to take time and think about how rude you just
were. Think of how will you make it up to your Master." "I have you on a
video so make sure that you read this carefully." "The lights dim and
brighten every four hours." "When they dim I suggest you rest, because
when the brighten I want to see you performing stretching exercises, and
other athletics." "In the next week you will need to remain physically
fit." "Goodbye."
I watched her read every word and could tell that she had finished when
her eyes watered and fresh tears ran down her cheeks. She crawled over to
the box and placed the vibrator inside.
I had set my clock for the first time the lights would dim her cage so
that I might check on her obedience. Sure enough when the lights dimmed
she laid on her canvas bed and curled up.. I was content that she was ok
and slept too.
About four hours later I woke again and watched as the lights went on,
waking her and she sat on the edge of her canvas bed and looked at the
monitor. She was beautiful in that g-string and custom bra. Her hair was
beginning to look shiny and less clean after three days without a shower.
Sheila stood and began to stretch her arms out first, moving them like a
butterfly. Her breasts swayed nicely when she moved. Then she bent forward
and touched her toes moving up and down and that really made those heavy
orbs bounce. The next exercise she did was swing sideways moving her upper
torso which also made her breasts swing like loaves of bread on the end of
your hand.
Sheila continued to do more exercises like knee bends, where she bent at
the knees and hips keeping her back straight and went up and down. This
gave a nice view of her pussy, and showed me her ability to spread those
legs and pump herself up and down.
After half hour of watching I had to get to sleep but I wanted to reward
her for her performance with some water, so I typed on the screen. "If you
want more water, put the blindfold on press your breasts and hips hard
against the bars." "Place your arms far out at right angles and grip the
bars, don't move until you hear the door slam!"
She stared at the screen until she had read all the words. Then she
immediately turned, bent over the box when her hand appeared she held the
blindfold and began tying it behind her hair. After it was on tightly she
moved slowly in the direction of the bars, pushing herself up against the
steel. I noticed she seemed to adjust herself until her breasts were
firmly between pushed out through the bars, and from the back I could see
her buttock muscles flinch as she pushed her pelvis there also.
She spoke, barely in an audible voice, "I am where you want me now."
I left the monitor and carefully opened the door, after donning my mask
and holding the voice box. I stepped into the room and placed a large
gallon of water on the floor. Then I walked over to her and spoke using
the artificial voice. "Do not move, even a little bit I will be touching
you in various places, I want to feel your skin." Having said that my hand
went to her breast and cupped it, lifting gently. It was heavy but moved
like jello in my hand. I felt her nipple and squeezed it pulling it out
slightly watching the skin pull her entire breast. The nipple became hard,
rapidly extending its length from her areola. Her chest began heaving as
her breathing became more irregular. After having felt each breast and
nipple with one hand, I moved my fingers upward to the muscles holding her
breast and squeezed them, feeling and testing their suppleness. Finally I
used both hands and traced a line from under her chin down her neck and
along the side of each breast as it protruded between the bars. My fingers
went below the breast and then traveled up the inner side of them making
tiny bumps form on her smooth skin. By now her breathing was very rapid
and uncontrolled.
I spoke to her again, "You have done remarkably well, and only a few more
minutes of playing and I will leave you for a while." "Once again I remind
you not to move until you hear the door slam shut."
I crouched down and used both hands to touch her thighs at the same time
tracing a line from the top of a thigh toward her pussy. When my fingers
reach either lip I took them and gently peeled them back opening her inner
pink lips to view. She was wet already inside. I opened and closed those
lips many times like a set of tiny books, moving my fingers up and down
along the entire length between her thighs. One last thing I did s slowly
insert one finger pressing upward at the top of her slit until I felt her
clitoris. I rubbed it a while and then withdrew my finger, standing and
immediately left the room. Once the door slammed I hurried over to the
screen and watched as she took off the blindfold, and went straight for
the waterjug. There were no glasses so she held the entire jug and drank
from the tip hungrily.
She gulped many time and after satisfying herself she turned to the
monitor and said scornfully, "You come in and touch me, feel me and excite
me but don't finish the business, why?"
I waited a moment before typing and then wrote, "You are saying that I
made you horny, and you wanted to have me finish you off?"
She looked at the screen and blushing said, "I can't understand why you
have kidnaped me but haven't raped me yet." "When are you going to be
finished with me?"
I thought about that and wrote, "Remember to exercise, and keep yourself
fit, you will soon enough experience pleasure beyond you wildest dreams,
but only when the Master needs it to happen." "Next time I come inside you
may beg me to do more than just stimulate you."
I watched her read this last statement and she finished she turned away
and laid back on her canvas bed, so I went back to bed myself.
In the morning my alarm clock woke me and I went to the screen and saw
that she was sitting there on the floor apparently deep in thought. The
lights were on and she looked very tired, shoulders slumped forward, face
drawn with jaw slackened, and arms limp at her sides. Her breathing was
regular though and I supposed she was more frustrated and bored than any
other thing.
I typed in the screen, "Do you have any idea what time it is?"
It seemed a few minutes passed and she still didn't see the screen to I
dimmed and brightened the lights manually and that caught her attention
right away. The first place she looked was the screen.
She read it and spoke, "I don't know, it may be afternoon or night?" "Why
are you still keeping me and when am I going to find out why?" "I have
never hurt anyone, and people will be looking for me soon." "I am also
very hungry, since being her you've only fed me a few times you know." She
rambled on talking very fast showing me that she was extremely frustrated
and the unknowns she spoke about.
I though a bit before typing a response, "If you want food, what will you
do for it?" "Are you ready to display yourself in any position I command?"
"Can you offer me something else?" "Will you tell me how much you know I
am in control of your life right now?" "How about something even better,
how about you write a story about what you would do for me if I let you
out and wanted you to behave as a sex slave?"
Her eyes glazed as she read this and her head bowed when finished as
though she thought intently about each question. Then she stood up and
stretched her arms wide, spread her legs and said, "Look at me, you have
me naked, and absolutely imprisoned, how else can you expect me to
behave?" "If I asked you to fuck, then you'd have to come in here and,
well you wouldn't do that, so what would I do for you?" "I am terribly
bored here, and yes I am starving so if you want me to do anything I would
have to do it just to eat right?" "I cannot think of anything to offer you
that you don't already have." She turned her hands around and her body and
displayed herself openly. Then she surprised me. Lifting her breasts she
said, "If you want to touch me and feel me I wouldn't complain, please,
just don't hurt me."




   Sincerely Slave Chapter 4

I felt terrific that I had gotten this far with her and it had only taken
a few days. But there was a dilemma, either go into work, or call in sick
and play with her all day! In either case I had to get more clothing and
check my house so I decided to call in sick from home.

I typed in the screen, "I will give you a pad and paper to write something
down for me." "I will return in a few hours and read what you have
written." "The subject is your prior life, before slavery." "You will
write a biography about yourself, including your attitude toward other
people, and their attitude toward you." "Put on the blindfold and assume
the spread position against the bars." "I will be leaving something for
you to wear while writing." "Once put on you don't remove them,
understood?"
She was already getting up and went to the box to retrieve her blindfold.
After tying it tightly around her head and adjusting her hair around it
she took her position leaning her breasts through the bars and her hips
pressed also.
I quickly went around to my bag of things, got my ornaments, a pad of
paper on a clipboard, three pens, the voice box, and entered her room. She
looked absolutely fabulous stretched upright pressed against the steel.
Her breasts rising and falling with each breath, she took. Her soft skin
had sheen to it and tiny bumps all over.
When I set the items down on the floor, I rose up and spoke to her in my
voice-box. "You will feel me touching you again, don't make any sounds or
movements." Having said that, I held these little butterfly clips and
carefully placed them on her nipples simultaneously. When each clip was
positioned just perfect, did I allow them to close on her tender nubs. She
didn't move, but she moaned deep down in her throat. Then I placed my hand
under her chin and using the other hand put my finger on her mouth parting
her lips and rubbing her gums. She tipped her head up and back under the
slight pressure.
I released her chin, turned quickly and left the room, slamming the door.
I had gotten back to the monitor and watched her step away from the bars
and look down at those "ornaments" I had placed on her nipples. She looked
intently at them and I could tell she wanted to bring her hands up and
remove them but didn't. She looked over at the monitor and spoke to me,
"These hurt, but you expect me to leave them on, or how long before you
come back?"
I typed my response, "Yes they must stay in place all the time, and you'll
never know when I return - or even if I have left, so be good and leave
them alone." "In fact I just though of something else you should do,
insert the vibrator, and leave it inside while you write." "If neither of
them is properly in place, you don't get to eat for a day!"
She looked terribly beaten and sat on the edge of her canvas bed. She
looked down at her nipples wearing those very obnoxious butterfly clips
and lifted one of her breasts to have an even closer inspection. The clips
were not overly tight but I could tell that she didn't feel like having to
leave them on very long. After a few minutes of inspection she took the
clipboard and pad and sat down next to the box. Once sitting cross legged
she looked at the monitor and then back at the box. Sheila retrieved the
vibrator and after looking at it she brought it between her legs and began
to push it inside of her very slowly. Every once in a while she looked at
the screen but then back to her pussy and after nearly half the vibrator
was inside she took the clipboard and began to write on it.
I decided to leave and went out the door with a raging hard-on in my
pants. It didn't take long to get to the ground floor by way of the steps
and I went out of the building quickly. It was difficult to concentrate on
driving because my mind kept picturing her sitting with open legs inviting
anyone to view her hairy pussy. Over and over in my mind the scenario of
kidnaping her played in my brain.
Once home I checked my mail, email and voice mail, before calling work. I
gave a very good imitation of someone with a sore throat and when the
person on the other end said, contagious, I replied probably and they told
me to stay away. Now I was ready to gather enough things for the whole day
at my new office! First things were two towels and a rubber pan from the
laundry, then some soap, shampoo, and a change of clothing. I also took my
electric razor. Checking the time I had been gone exactly forty minutes
and needed to grab some food on the way back so I put the things into a
large suitcase and ran out to my car.
After stopping at another fast food place I got on the freeway and drove
back to the office. Parking in another building lot, I entered the
building through the underground lot and then took the steps. Going up
that many flights took some time as I had to carry this heavy suitcase but
I thanked myself for working out and when I got out of the stairwell I
quickly entered my office.
I didn't even put the suitcase anywhere except right inside the door
before rushing over to the monitor and watching Sheila. She still wore
those clips and the vibrator, and she was writing furiously on the page.
Once my breathing returned to normal I picked up the suitcase and unloaded
all my things. I had plans to give her a bath today which was the reason
for the basin and towels. The electric razor was so to remove her pubic
hair.
I went to the screen and typed, "How is your bio coming?"
She didn't notice for a while but said, "I am not quite finished with it."
"These clips hurt pretty badly and I am sure they will cause damage, I beg
you to take them off!" She looked painfully back at me though I doubted
they hurt that much.
"Slaves can't expect to be treated without some discomfort, and they stay
on until something else comes off." I typed.
She looked puzzled and asked, "I don't have anything to remove."
"Slave, but you have pubic hair." "When your pubic hair comes off so do
the clips." I typed with nervous fingers.
Her surprised expression was worth a photo! "You mean you want to remove
my pubic hair?" She said with a grimace of disbelief on her face.
I didn't readily type any response, but was simply waiting to see what she
might say in addition to that. The pause from her was minutes long and she
stared into the screen waiting for my next comment.
She spoke first with the stunned look still in her eyes, "Why do you want
to remove my pubic hair?"
I typed, "You are a slave, your pubic hair comes off because I want it
off." "You'll get no food, bath, or more water until your pubic hair is
completely gone!"
That last comment seemed to catch her attention and she placed the
clipboard down on the floor, turning her body in the direction of the
screen. "How am I going to remove it?" She inquired.
Then I typed in, "Ever use an electric shaver before?"
She replied, "I have not used one in a long time but I will try to do it
if I have to."
I decided to let her do it and watch from outside on the screen. But I did
have one more comment that I typed in the screen, "You shave yourself,
then I will give you the once over check for completeness, and if you miss
any spots the clips stay on much longer."
She had stood up ow and was awkwardly holding the vibrator inside her
pussy which looked funny. She said, "Ok, can we hurry?" "These clips
really hurt and I want to do anything to get them off!"
I typed, "Remove the vibrator and put on the blindfold and assume the
position at the bars."
Sheila quickly slid out the vibrator and placed it in the box taking the
blindfold instead. She wrapped it quickly around her head covering her
eyes and pushed herself to the bars.
It didn't take long to put the battery operated shaver in the room and
slammed I then slammed the door.
I saw her move away from the bars again, and pickup the tool. After
testing it she moved back to her toilet, perching on it with legs spread
wide. Her thick matted hair was clearly visible and I watched as she used
the tiny clippers on the end of the shaver to trim the thickest areas. She
gingerly moved the trimmer back and forth cutting chunks of hair showing
more of her pink skin underneath. When she had taken off all of the
thickest growth, she closed the trimmer and began to use the rotating
circular heads around her pubic area above her pussy.
I could hear the buzz of the shaver and that was a very erotic sound
making me even harder than before. Her skin was a blending of pink and
white before she finished and then she stood up over the toilet, brushing
herself off. Just the way she stood was a display of herself no one had
probably ever seen before. She shook herself when brushing and I know
those clips bounced on the end of her lusciously full breasts making
themselves known. She felt herself all over with one hand and then the
other, even back between her legs and buttocks.
Bending as she had too caused those full breasts to hang down and shake
like balloons full of water. She bumped those clips more than once on her
legs and winced as this must have been extremely uncomfortable. When she
finished, she stepped away from the toilet and stood with feet apart, the
shaver still in hand and said, "All done now, may I be inspected so these
clips can come off?"
I typed in the screen, "I will come in and inspect you, and if I don't
find any missed spots, the clips will be removed." "Assume the position
right away then."
She reached for the blindfold and put it on faster than ever before, then
she leaned against the bars. I went inside carrying my voice-box. There
she was leaned up tight against the bars. I walked to her and crouched
down and looked carefully at her pussy. It was clean and after a long time
feeling her with my palm and fingers, I stood up and spoke with the voice
box, "Very nicely done, now remain perfectly still while I remove the
clips."




   Sincerely Slave Chapter 5

I took off one first, then leaned over placing my mouth on the nipple, and
sucked in hard. She gave a startled reaction initially by backing a few
inches from the bars but quickly regained her senses and pushed herself
tight again. Sheila began to moan, as I sucked that rubbery nubbin in and
out. Then I went to the other and did the same. Her breathing became rapid
and it was easy to tell that she was terribly excited and trying to stay
where she was. My hand went down between her legs and a finger penetrated
her rapidly, finding her very wet. Her moans became louder and I backed
away taking the shaver from her hand and slammed the door.
Sheila backed away from the bars and turned to look at the monitor and
said, "You have done it again, left me excited and walked away." "Why
don't you finish what you've started?"
I was very surprised that she would say that, it was the statement of a
woman wanting to get screwed badly. Was this the same woman as only a week
ago? I typed in the screen, "So the clips and hair are off, now if you
want to eat, display an orgasm."
She stared but moved over to the box and took out the vibrator, sitting
down with wide spread legs. She parted her lips and pushed the vibrator
inside until it was nearly all gone. Her hand left it there and both palms
came up and massaged a breast. She seemed oblivious to anyone else
watching and after less than ten minutes, she began to shake and buck her
hips wildly. Was I to know whether she was real or faking a sexual
appetite?
When she slowed her breathing, she looked at the screen and smiled.
"Doesn't this turn you on?" She remarked. Her hand kept rubbing her crotch
even after she returned the vibrator to the box.
I typed on the screen, "Dinner will be delivered once you have assumed the
position again."
She stood blindfolded herself, and posed exactly as desired, and waited
for me.
I brought her food inside and set it down on the floor, then went over to
her and put my mouth on her nipple again, sucking it deeply in my mouth.
She moaned again and whispered, "Why can't you do more than that?" I bit
her, but didn't say anything but moved over to the other nipple and sucked
hard on it too, biting it. When both nipples were sufficiently stiff, I
reached inside the bars to take her clipboard, stood and slammed the door
as I left.
Sheila took her food, and her beverage. She leaned back against the bars
sitting on the floor, and looked at the screen with legs spread wide while
she ate. She didn't speak because of her incredible hunger. Sheila looked
like a caged animal, eyes glassy but alert. She seemed to be thinking very
hard behind those blackening eyelids. Since capture she had lost some of
the freshness in her look but I figure it was due to lack of hygiene and
we would soon fix that.
While she ate, I studied her biography, which I will write about later.
When she had finished all of her food, she spoke to me. "Thank you for the
meal." "I was beginning to worry that you might not feed me enough and I
was starving." After speaking she stood, went to the toilet and sat down
with her legs together on the seat. She looked humiliated, knowing someone
was watching.
I typed into the screen, "It is time for your bath, and I must say you
probably feel you need one badly eh?" "I will bring in a bowl with water
and some towels but you have to assume another position this time." "I
want you to kneel on hands and knees, with your ankles at the bars." "I
will be placing cuffs on your ankles so don't move your feet unless you
want me to leave you alone for another twenty hours without food or
water." "Is that clear?" "Remove the bra, and get into position with the
blindfold on tight."
Sheila knelt and placed her ankles just so, then took the blindfold and
wrapped it tightly on before putting her hands flat on the floor.
I quickly entered the room and placed cuffs on her slender ankles but not
before moving her feet many bars apart. Then I grabbed the other set of
cuffs from the top of the cage, and unlocked the cage door. Once inside
the cage I put my hands on her shoulders and guided her upright on her
knees. I took each hand and cuffed them in front of her then pushed her so
her hands were flat on the floor. I left the room and returned with the
towels and bowl of water.
I used the voice box again, "You are to stay still while I bathe you."
"You are allowed to speak but you must do so very quietly, and if you move
your hands or knees you will be punished severely."
Sheila knelt still as my hands took a soapy sponge from the basin and
began to wash her. When the sponge touched her right shoulder, she was
startled but as I began to make suds by moving the sponge around, she
seemed to relax. Suds trailed the sponge down one side and then up the
other side of one arm. Then I went to the other shoulder and began to do
the exact same thing. When I finished her arms and shoulders were full of
bubbly suds. Once her arms were lathered, I re-wet the sponge, then began
to scrub her back and under her arms. I continued scrubbing her entire
back and the top of her buttocks before putting the sponge where I really
wanted.
I brought it up underneath her chest and scrubbed her breasts. I didn't
use much force, only enough to make them sudsy and gently sway underneath
her kneeling frame. I could hear her breathing as I touched them and when
her nipples were brushed she moaned. I spent such a long time rubbing her
that the water had dried on the rest of her body before I realized! Then I
said, "Up," and when she responded I rubbed her pouching stomach with a
fresh sponge of water and soap. Her hands cuffed left her waist and she
voluntarily moved them up above and behind her head as my hand pushed the
sponge between her legs, cleaning her recently shaven lips. Again I think
that I may have spent a great deal of time there but she tolerated it
maybe because it felt good. She bent forward on hands once more while I
cleaned her buttocks and back of her thighs.
Once her entire body had been soaped, I took the sponge, with the basin
and closing the door while I rinsed it and the sponge completely out. Then
I returned with a fresh basin of water and began sponging her off exactly
as before. She was very pliable now but I though that she might just be
waiting for the right moment to come unglued. When I rinsed her breasts
and pussy, I used a lot of hard rubbing and it made both nipples and pussy
swell. I promised that in a few hours she would be able to wash her face
herself.
Now that she was clean, I uncuffed only her feet before exiting the room.
After I had put things away, I returned to the monitor, seeing she had
removed her blindfold. I typed this command. "Stand at the bars again with
spread legs and hold your hands up above you."
Sheila stood and assumed the blindfolded pose. When I entered I uncuffed
one wrist, looped the cuff chain over the top bar before re-cuffing her
wrist. Next I held one foot and after cuffing one leg to the side bar,
told her to hold her other foot far away as possible until I said
otherwise.
I left the room and returned with a riding crop! I unlocked the cage and
after entering, spoke to her using the voice box. "Slave, I am going to
see how much you are willing to do anything I say." "I have in my hand a
whip and am going to strike you with it." "If you can't stay in position
then you might find yourself hanging her for a very long time." "Each time
it strikes you, there will be a Thank You Sir from your mouth, is that
understood?"
She stood on wide spread legs, hands high above her, chained to the top of
the cage and stayed silent. I decided to invoke some sort of a response
from her. My hand held the whip so that the tip was only inches from a
nipple and then I swatted it! Her body jerked in agony, now knowing where
or when the next blow hit. She even attempted to stabilize herself but
with feet spread so far apart movement only brought weight on her arms.
The muscle tension in them was very obvious as she trembled not knowing
about the next strike.
"I expected a response to my question, slave!" I torted in the voice box.
I could tell the anguish in her head by the expression on her face. She
immediately spoke in a crying voice, "Thank You Sir!" Placing extra
emphasis on the word sir.
My hand moves the whip which was very thin but about twenty inches long.
On the end of it was a triangular flap of folded leather about one inch in
size. The flick of the whip this time was aimed directly between her legs
on the bare pussy. It made a resounding smack, but she didn't have time to
hear that before the pain traveled up to her head.
The response this time was more struggling to maintain balance and keep
those long legs parted. There is no doubt that the sobs made were
accompanied with real tears but the blindfold kept them from showing. She
choked the phrase once more, "Sir, Thank You Sir!" and then added another.
"Please, Sir it hurts terribly there. I can't believe I deserve this."
I aimed the whip at one nipple and struck it and the opposite nipple in
succession before administering three blows to her pussy also. These blows
were both unexpected and so quick that she was were caught off guard and
screamed out in agony. However I might add that she said, "Sir, Thank You
Sir!" quite audibly afterward.
Those full breasts had pink areas around the nipples from the contact and
the pussy was almost a bright blush, however I needed to ensure that she
believed that anything I wanted to do I could, even administer endless
pain. I struck again and again giving enough break between blows to hear
her acknowledge the suffering, but ask for more.
When the breasts were hit, they didn't bounce except when they were struck
from below or in the lower third on the side. This whip didn't have
strength but it had the ability to make quite a sting! Those reddened
pussy lips were unable to move away from the tip and received their fair
share of contact.
I was impressed at the long duration she was able to take, and noticed
that the free leg never tried to cover that pussy even once. I however
wanted that to happen because it seemed to me that she would have to lose
one round in order for me to be in total control. My fingers parted her
lips and held them back as the tip of the whip was aimed and with a loud
crack it connected hard!




   Sincerely Slave Chapter 6
Sheila jumped upward as the nerves sent the signal to her brain and she
yelped in pain. She moved her one free leg bringing it closer and knocked
my hand away. Her body twisted as she allowed her wrists to take her
weight and bucked her hips.
She cried, "Oh my, you are going to kill me if you do that again!" Tears
flowed down both her cheeks through the blindfold cloth. Then she spoke
again to me in a choking voice. "Sir, please don't hit me there again, I
will do anything but please don't hit my open pussy again!"
I stood back and watched her writhe around hanging from her wrists and
when she stopped moving that free leg I spoke to her. "You will allow me
to do anything eh?" "I think that I could do anything to you anyway, and
what could you do to stop me?" "However since you say that you'll do
anything, maybe there is something you could do."
After reaching over and un-cuffing her shackled leg, I spoke again. "You
will have an opportunity to pleasure me. I will take off my clothing."
"Your arms will stay like they are but show me how you can use your body
to make me cum." As I stripped my pants and undershorts off, I took a
condom from my pocket and rolled it on my erect member. I moved right in
front of her until she could feel it touch her abdomen. "Ok, now figure
out how you can place yourself over me and make me cum."
Sheila lifted her legs and wrapped them around me as she lifted herself up
by the bars overhead. She lowered herself carefully feeling me with her
pubic area and when she had my member right between her pussy lips she
lowered herself farther until I went inside. She was incredibly loose and
wet which made entry easy, and when she had herself snug upon me she
lowered herself farther until she was practically hanging on my member
like a peg. Her long legs wrapped tightly around my buttocks and she
locked her feet. She moaned and eeoowwed, then began pumping herself up
and down which made me that much harder. Her breasts were bouncing right
in front of my face and slapped my cheeks many time s before I took one
nipple into my mouth and sucked hard. She responded by tightening her own
muscles, it felt like a hand inside her had gripped me.
Sheila bounced up and down for only a few minutes and I couldn't stop
myself from cumming. When I had done so I reached behind me, and pulled
her legs open though she seemed to want to keep bouncing on me. Then I
slid myself down and out from her saturated hole. When I pulled away she
moaned and groaned, before speaking. "Please let me cum too, please?" She
begged in a winded voice.
I grabbed the voice box and spoke back, "You will not be allowed to cum
this time, maybe next, remember you are a slave, and I say what happens."
Sheila hung there quietly as the words hit home. I gathered my clothing
and dressed, before reaching up and removing the cuffs from the bar above
her but quickly re-shackled her hands behind her naked back. This was time
now to test her and see if I could demand total servitude from her.
I pulled a rubber ball gag from the box on the floor and pushed it to her
lips. She leaned backward trying to avoid the gag but one of my hands
palmed her breast and squeezed hard, this conveniently made her mouth
open. The ball gag went into her mouth and after releasing her breast I
used both hands to bind the gag belt behind her head. Now it would be
possible to move her from the cage and soundproof room. Sheila stood
quietly and it was impossible to resist more dominant action on her. I
bent and put a hand on the inside of each thigh forcing them apart and
stopped when her feet were extraordinarily far apart.
I took the voice box and spoke to her. "You will follow me now but your
legs will never be closer than they are right now." "I will pull on your
nipples in the direction that I want you to go, if you fail to keep your
legs apart I will stop you and whip your breasts until you widen them
again."
I took a nipple in each hand and pulled this blindfolded woman behind me
as I stepped out of the cage door. Sheila followed me slowly but kept her
legs widened and felt the difference in the floor after stepping into the
room.
I kept a constant pull stretching her nipples out from her full breasts as
she followed to the door of the room. We walked into the office suite next
and her feet padded softly on the tile floor. Since the office had a
number of windows that the sun shown thru I walked her over to one of them
and made sure that the warm rays struck her skin. I walked her up close to
the window and then stepped away leaving her face the sun. With her
blindfold on she couldn't see and the gag made sure she couldn't talk.
She looked a sight, naked handcuffs behind her and legs widely spread as
she jutted her breasts toward the window. I pushed her in the small of the
back forward until she was pressed against the window and could feel the
cool surface on her naked skin. I walked away knowing that she could hear
my footsteps but was unable to do anything else.
I returned quietly with a camera and a few props. I used the camera making
the flash clicking sounds however the camera had no film in it. When I had
taken about twenty pictures, I took a stool and placed it near one of her
ankles. I picked up her foot and placed it on the stool which opened her
pussy wider to the view of anyone outside with a high powered telescope.
Then I spoke in my vice box. "We are in a window of a business, at the
base of some mountains." "There are skiers standing outside this window
waiting for a chair lift to take them up to the top where they can ski
back down." "They can all see you standing here exposing yourself to them
and they are smiling." "Some of them are trying to get closer to the
window and see your features better."
Sheila reacted by jerking slightly and since she couldn't speak nor see
she had to trust that I was telling her the truth! I could tell by her
body quivering that she was totally embarrassed by this.
"I want you to take this foot down and replace it with the other foot." I
said. She was almost sobbing and if it had not been for the gag she might
have been able to make me feel sorry. Sheila complied however and when she
did I crouched right behind her and reached around using both my hand to
manipulate her pussy lips open and closed. I pushed them together and
puckered them up many times before stopping.
Then I stood and reached around her front grasping both breasts and
squeezing them like a high school chum on his first date! I made her
breasts bounce, separate and lifted them independently until I tired of
this. Sheila felt weak in my arms. Then I stood back and spoke to her once
again.
"Sheila, the window is very large and I want you to practice your walk
back and forth in front of it!" I turned her and pointed her in the
direction of the wall and said, "Move slowly keeping your knees apart and
feet unnaturally wide and walk until you run into a wall.""When you touch
the wall, you must turn around and walk back in this direction until you
strike the other wall." "I want you to pace back and forth like an animal
in a cage displaying yourself to these people outside."
I watched having removed the foot stool as Sheila began a slow methodical
walk with her hands cuffed behind her. She moved very slowly as if she
were worried about bumping the wall. Since she had to keep her legs and
knees very far apart she always had her shaven pussy on display.
What a sight I must say she made, her heavy breasts swayed from the
exaggerated movements of her walk. Then she struck the wall, she carefully
turned and began walking the opposite direction. I found a chair and sat
watching her as she moved along.
Sheila walked for almost an hour before I got up and grasped her on one of
her breasts making her stop. I turned her and took both nipples in my
hands pulling her along behind me. Sheila followed and we walked back to
the soundproof. When we got inside I took off the gag and asked Sheila how
I made her feel.
She sobbed as she said, "How do you think I feel?" "All those people
standing there seeing me naked on parade!" "I can't bear to know if any of
them could tell it was me!"
I took the whip and said, "You forgot to use better language." "I will now
take you outside and whip your pussy in full view of everyone." "You will
then respond to my question again."
Sheila balked time and time again crying and sobbing, "Sir, Please don't
whip me anymore, I will try and not forget again, Please?" She begged.
I spoke in the voice box, "No bargaining, you get ten lashes on your pussy
and if you don't hold perfectly still then I will put pins on your nipples
and parade you there in the window all day!" "Worse yet you will have a
vibrator inserted only partially so people can see and have to walk with
it inside the entire time!"
Sheila bowed he blindfolded head and in between sobs spoke again, "Please
Master, forgive me!"
I pulled her by the nipples out the doorway and walked her back to the
sunlight and stopped her there. My hands pushed her knees apart and then I
pushed her shoulders down making her form sort of a crouch which made her
pussy a perfect target!
Without a word I struck her pussylips hard from underneath with the tip of
the crop.
Sheila's body jerked in pain upward but she held her feet firmly in
position on the floor. I struck her two more times before she jerked on of
her feet and blasted me with vulgarities.
I left her there and went to the room and retrieved three things as
promised. When I stood before her I spoke in the gravely voice once more.
"I have two clothes pins for you nipples." "Hold still!"
She shook her body in pain, or was it some from fear as I closed each clip
simultaneously on her non erect nipples. When they closed fully her
nipples grew angry red and her body quivered. I decide to try another
stroke with the quirt and when it hit she yelled. I left her there and
returned with the gag. After placing it in her mouth and buckling it
behind her head again. I delivered another stroke, her body reacted as
before but in silence.




SIncerely Slave Chapter 7


	Sheila took those blows, though I could see that she was in agony and
wanted badly to close her knees together.  Since she was still blindfolded, I
wanted to make sure she was now as humiliated as possible. I positioned her so
that she faced the window and felt the sunlight again.

	"Sheila, the people on the other side of this window have paid us money
and you will have to perform while they watch." "I have a long list of things
that they want to see you do, the first are exercises." "You are to perform all
the exercises exactly as I tell you to." "I will need to place a hood over your
head so that I can then release the handcuffs and you have use of your hands."
"Is that understood?"

	She nodded her head since there was a gag still in place preventing her
answer orally.

	I left her standing there again and retrieved a hood that was made of
dark vinyl material and would ensure that she couldn't see anything at all. When
I returned with the hood and stood in front of her I asked her, "I could take
out the gag but if you make noise then you'll have to pay the price by being
made to wear another gag plus a vibrator while out here." "If you make noise
then you get an additional twenty whippings on each breast and on your pussy, is
that clear.?"

	Again only a nod of her head was Sheila's answer.

	I strapped the hood on tightly by adjusting some laces in the back
making sure that her hair was tucked against her head. The top of the hood was
tightened first and then I carefully removed the gag, and paused before bringing
the hood below her nose to recover her mouth. The last straps to tighten, were
under her chin which kept the hood from coming off, and it also held her chin
immobile preventing her from opening her mouth very wide. There was a small clip
made for a padlock so that even if she had hands, Sheila couldn't remove the
hood!

	After ensuring the hood was on properly, I stepped behind her and
removed the handcuffs. Her hands immediately went around front and she began
massaging her wrists.

	I allowed her to continue this massage for a number of minutes before
taking her arms and lifting them up until they were outstretched to the sides
from her shoulders. I let go and as expected she left her arms outstretched.
Then I stood in between her and the window and said, "First things first,
stretching out is what you're going to do."

	"They call these windmills, widen your feet, keeping your back, arms and
legs straight bend at the hips til you touch your toes with the fingertip of one
hand, then straighten up and twist the other hand down to your toes." "This is a
four count exercise and I will clap the beats for you!"

	I began to clap and watched as Sheila bent over abruptly causing her
heavy breasts to swing freely as she lowered her upper body and then upon
standing they bounced upward. Repeated movements up and down made her a sight to
see, and after some twenty times, I told her to stop and drop her hands.

	"Next exercise is going to be leg lifting and kicking." "You will lick
upward with one foot three times as high as you can and then switch to the other
leg, keeping the entire leg straight." I said thru the voice box again. "I will
clap again." I began to clap and watched as Sheila kicked high in the air, then
brought her foot down repeating it again and again. Her breasts bounced and her
pussy was exposed fully with each upward kick. When she had done three kicks,
she picked up the opposite leg and did the same. I made her to ten repetitions
with each leg before allowing her to stop.

	Sheila was breathing harder now, and her body had already begun to
glisten with some sweat and we hadn't even gotten to her exercises, so I told
her, "Sheila, I want you to know that as you kicked upward, everyone laid their
eyes directly on your pussy, I believe that they really liked seeing it spread
so widely." "If you like having us see that wide open pussy why not give one
more high kick with each leg, just to confirm it." "On the other hand if you
were extremely embarrassed by that then you have permission to cross your legs
for five seconds."

	I waited until you had time to think and then watched as you crossed
your legs.

	"We will now begin exercising as the audience wants you to do." I said.
"The first thing they want to see is you jogging, keeping your knees high."

	Sheila had already uncrossed her legs and spaced her feet while waiting
for my command to begin, so when I clapped, she immediately began jogging in
place. With an arched back that caused her breasts to bounce up and down as if
they had minds of their own, Sheila stepped high and fast. Almost to fast to
continue very long but since she had already begun, I allowed her to continue
without slowing her down.

	Let me describe in detail the beauty of a naked and sweating woman while
she jogs in place. Picture a woman, faceless from the hood covering her head,
neck muscles taught, shoulders back and chest thrust out. Hair sticking to her
shoulders periodically and then whipping free. Breasts bouncing up and down
independently while she maintained her speed. Sheila had a tummy that was not
paunch but not taught either, it also gave way to fatty substance and jiggled.
Below the tummy lay her female slit, bordered by two large and swollen pussy
lips which squished together as her legs rose and fell. Thighs were thick but
muscular and bounced up and down like supremely large pistons, never slowing
their rhythm. Sheila held her arms by her sides as she balanced her body with
them.

	I glanced at my watch and noted she had jogged for ten minutes before I
decided that she was winded enough. "Stop, and cool off," I shouted in the voice
box.

	Sheila seemed exhausted when she stopped, trying to control her
breathing. Her arms were covered in rivulets of sweat running down to her hands,
just as her upper body was. I must say that I wanted to lick that sweat off the
smooth skin, and I spoke out to her. "Don't move at all, when you feel me touch
you."

	Then I leaned forward and stuck out my tongue and dragged it up between
those huge mounds of breast flesh. Her skin was salty and ruff, and the touch
startled her, because her nipples responded instantly by perking right out. I
licked up and returned down lower this time repeating that move only this time
moving closer to the swell of one breast, drawing a sigh or was that a moan from
her throat.

	"Sheila, I want you to lift your breasts up." I commented.

	Her hands slowly positioned themselves under each globe and lifted even
slower until those breasts were pointing right out like torpedoes. Instead of
licking the nipples right away I continued licking those huge swells until I had
covered almost all of them except the nipple. Only then did I drag my thick
tongue over the nipple. This brought a sigh and eventually a moan from her
throat. The nipples were very red and very hard, inside an areola that was very
bumpy and now turning very dark also.

	What was very nice was that her breasts and shoulders began moving more
exaggerated. I knew that she was beginning to feel the effects of my licking and
though she didn't want to it made her body respond as only a woman knows it can!

	After spending time making those nipples and areola wet, I stopped. When
I stood back I spoke again in the voice box. "Next type of exercises are
pushups, even if only a few, and then sit-ups and finally you will finish off
with four count squats!" "The pushups will be done in this manner, you will lay
flat on the floor and using your arms push you upper body off the floor until
your arms are straight!" "Your back and legs must be kept straight."

	I watched the expression of body language and she seemed uncomfortable
at having to do this, but she began to kneel and eventually without more
hesitation laid on the floor. While she laid down, I also knelt and eventually
laid down facing her though her hood prevented her from seeing me. I clapped my
hands and her elbows bent, shoulders tightened as she pushed off the floor. From
my vantage I could see her heavy breasts fall free when she had extended her
arms and locked them in the up position. Then she lowered her body and when her
chest touched the floor again she rose up, only this time much slower and on
shaky arms. My arms extended and with palms turned upward I pushed them under
those breasts.

	She lowered herself on arms beginning to shake visibly more, and when
her breasts dropped into my palms she  hesitated a moment before letting herself
down farther. I felt her flesh. She jerked, still moving upward with renewed
energy. When Sheila, had straightened her arms again she lowered herself much
more cautiously until again my palms received those soft breasts. I squeezed
again, this time sinking my fingers in and letting her carry them upward with
her. When she had dropped to the ground one more time I released both breasts
and she went up without them.

	"Sheila, I understand that women often perform pushups on their knees."
"You may do so, but I will hold you like this while you do those pushups."
"However if you don't want my hands on you, then perform pushups the regular
way!" I barked, hoping that you would allow me to hold your soft mounds.

	She performed nine more pushups with her body held straight before she
began to shake and finally succumbed and brought her knees up, still bobbing
down on those tired arms. I relished the feel of her breasts as they dropped
into my hands and I must say that this quickened her upward movements. I made
her do fifty, squeezing those breasts the whole time, with a smile on my face, I
knew she couldn't see.

	Once she had done the last pushup I spoke into the voice box, "Roll over
on your back, get ready for sit-ups!"

	She rolled with a belligerent action on her back laying down, and I
watched those magnificent breasts flatten and fall off to the side as she did.

	"Bend your knees, and I will sit your feet and hold them down while you
perform fifty sit-ups!" "Fifty, is quite a few, but we are in no hurry!"

	Sheila began her sit-up's and laid back slowly holding her hands behind
her head, a position that highlighted her breasts. Additionally from my vantage
the pussy tried to squeeze through those thighs and invited my stare. Up and
down, I watched she went and noted that her tummy strained, muscles rippling out
after she had reached twenty. But she kept it up.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  InvisbleMan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





