BDSM Library - Encounters With Trailer Trash




Encounters With Trailer Trash
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The couple had tried almost everything to spice up their sex life, and they were still exploring for new experience. After they found their new master and mistress, they were glad to know someone who could bring more excitement to them. But what they didn't expect was they found a whole family of dominants.
Encounters With Trailer Trash (M+/F+, BDSM Light, Humiliation)


If under 18, you should skip this and go find something else to read. If you are
over 18 and/or legal age in your place of residence, read and enjoy. Please
direct any Comments to HarryBerg01@aol.com
************************************************************************
List of Characters
Karen Taylor
Harry Taylor - narrator

Grandpa Bill Trent	
Grandma Mary Trent

Red, son of Bill and Mary
Nora, wife to Red
Ted, son of Red and Nora
Lois, daughter of Red and Nora, mother of Tina
Tina, infant daughter of Lois and her father Red

Charlie, son of Bill and Mary
Estelle, wife to Charlie
Billie, son of Charlie and Estelle
Cindy Lou, daughter of Charlie and Estelle

Roscoe, wife to Charlene
Charlene, daughter of Bill and Mary
Trish, daughter of Roscoe and Charlene
Cathy, daughter of Roscoe and Charlene
************************************************************************




My wife, Karen, agreed it would be a good idea if we wrote an account of how a
upper middle class couple became sexually involved with a family that could
honestly be described as "trailer trash".  Although I agreed to take the role of
narrator, Karen has performed as editor and in certain instances, modified and
added to this tale of human depravity. I need to say that even though we might
have begun with a feeling of superiority to the Trents, we rapidly and eagerly
descended to their level.

In order to understand what occurred, you, the reader, should be aware of our
background. A few basic facts are provided. We both work in the information
technology field in professional capacities.  Karen is 41 and I am 42. We are in
good physical health and have no mental or physical impairments other than the
need to wear eyeglasses.

I would say we are an attractive couple in the proper height and weight
proportion. Karen and I regularly attend a local health club. I have employed a
personal trainer for the last five years who enthusiastically works my ass off.
Karen competed in gymnastics in both high school and college; therefore the
mindset of staying in shape has always been with her. Today she is a certified
Pilates instructor. For those of you who do not know what Pilates is, it is an
approach to exercise originated by a man named Joseph H. Pilates in the 1930s.
It concentrates on the muscles under the muscles, the so-called core muscles.
This must include the muscles lining the vagina because Karen is one of the
tightest and most physical fucks I have ever experienced. This is after
childbirth and sex with many male partners. There are times I think she could
crack a walnut with that pussy of hers.

We've reached the age where there are no complications with children running
about the house. Our only child, a daughter, is away at college, currently
spending a year in France getting an advanced degree in International Relations.
As far as we know, our daughter knows nothing of our sexual adventures. We were
very careful to hide that part of our life from her. I might also add that she
unlike her parents has adopted conservative positions on the questions of sexual
behavior.

Karen and I have always been able to communicate and work together concerning
our sexual needs. In spite of this ability, our sex life has shown a decrease in
frequency and intensity over the 22 years of our marriage that we were never
able to fully reverse. Attempts to "spice" up our relation enjoyed only
temporary success. An experienced reader, at his point, might say, "So, what did
you expect." I recall many years ago I spoke with an older friend about the
decline in ardor and he repeated this homily.

"During the first year of marriage, put a penny in a milk carton every time, you
have intercourse with your wife. At the end of the first year, reverse this and
each time take a penny out after intercourse. You will never empty the milk
carton."

Sadly, while the homily perhaps exaggerates, Karen and I would largely admit it
is true. That however, had not deterred us from making many attempts to keep our
sexual relationship intense. We are both of a mind that the decline in the
sexual relationship was not to be accepted without a struggle. Another way of
looking at it is that sex is our mutual hobby. We have good friends in the
neighborhood who devote themselves to raising Irish Setters and competing in dog
shows. They avidly pursue their hobby, dedicating a significant amount of their
time and resources to their hobby. Karen and I just as avidly pursue our hobby,
which is sex.

After the first year of marriage and we noted a falling off in intensity, we
read sex manuals to improve our techniques and discover new ones. When that lost
impact, we purchased various marital aids and our lovemaking was accompanied by
the hum of vibrators and dildos. This was followed by a period where we engaged
in role-playing. Karen would dress provocatively for the bedroom. We spent a
small fortune with Frederick's of Hollywood and Victoria Secrets.

The next stage consisted of our going to nightclubs where Karen would dress very
sluttish and flirt with other men. At first the mere thought of watching her
have sex with another man gave me an erection. When the fantasy waned as
stimuli, we went to the next level where Karen would actually have sex with a
man she picked up at a club then give me a detailed account later while we
fucked like mad. I became something of a cream pie eater in those days. I
progressed to installing a hidden video camera and filming my wife being fucked.
The finale of that phase were three ways where we would invite the man home and
we both screwed Karen who developed a taste for double penetration.

About our tenth year of marriage, we decided to bring other couples into the
relationship. We joined a wife-swapping club. After a certain number of times
and more partners than I can recall, this too became routine and mundane. It
also did nothing to solve the basic problem. If you and your wife fuck another
couple over the weekend, it does not make you any more eager to fuck your wife
during the week. During our wife-swapping period, we both became bi-sexual. I
must say that watching Karen lick another woman's cunt while I was fucking the
woman's ass was quite a turn-on when we first tried it. Karen said she was
equally turned on when she watched me take a cock in my mouth or ass.

I suppose you could say we are involved in an evolutionary process whose ending
is unknown. A minority of the people we met in the club was into various forms
of BDSM.  Neither of us had ever experienced this type of sex play until we met
Tom and Ronda. Tom was the dominant master and Rhonda the submissive slave. Of
course, when we first met them, they acted like any normal (if you call wife
swapping normal) couple. But after a couple of meetings where we had engaged in
a torrid bi-sexual four way, they asked if we had ever tried BDSM.  I must say
that when it comes to sex, Karen and I were always among those willing to try
new things. That would prove to be our undoing with the Trents. But lets not get
ahead of my story.

Before long, Karen and I looked forward to being tied up in Tom and Rhonda's
basement dungeon with a rattan cane cutting whelps into our asses. Tom
introduced us to most major forms of bondage and restraint. Karen surprised
everyone with her ability to reach orgasm when her only physical stimulation was
a riding crop viciously whipping her nipples. Tom referred to me as the
consummate pain slut. He said "Harry is happiest with a super size dildo up his
ass while his cock is being whipped with a leather strap." And Tom was correct.
I loved the feel of my ass being filled with a latex dildo that stretched my
opening while it invaded my bowels. When the sharp pain of a good penis and ball
strapping accompanied this, I felt an intense sexual pleasure that had never
been equaled since the early days of Karen and mine's relationship. Tom
correctly classified Karen and I as submissive sexual personas with a strong
desire for pain and humiliation.

Our "Tom and Rhonda" period ended after several years when Tom received a
promotion that required them to relocate to the other coast. This was followed
by a series of unsatisfactory encounters with other couples that did not seem to
have the experience or savvy to match what we experienced with Tom and Rhonda.
Karen and I became despondent about the prospects of replacing them.

The objective of providing this information to the reader is for them to
understand that what happened next was not unexpected given our ever-increasing
demand for sexual thrills. I compare it to drug addiction to where it takes
large and larger dosages over time to achieve the same high. I should add that
neither Karen nor I are drug users. For that matter, we do not smoke and only
use alcohol in moderation. 

As out story begins, we had decided to forgo sex for a while and concentrate on
our careers. Of course, this only lasted a few weeks. It was a rainy Saturday
afternoon. We were both feeling edgy (is a better word horny?). I suggested we
drive over to The Toy Box, a retailer of adult media, sex toys, and sexy
apparel.

When we got there, Karen went off to see what merchandise was new and
interesting. I had noticed a bulletin board near the entrance and stopped to
take a look. It was in an alcove, out of the line of sight of the few customers
in the shop. The board was covered with 3 by 5 cards mainly handwritten. Most
were from males offering to service couples or females. Several had pictures
attached. There were also couples looking for a submissive female; something
Karen and I had considered but rejected on the basis that neither of us were
interested in becoming dominants.  There was a little bit of everything
including those where an offer is made to clean one's house. Karen and I used to
laughingly suggest that we should take someone up on that one given that neither
of us is too enthralled with housework.

Nothing looked interesting and I was about to go see if Karen had found anything
to buy when a couple entered the store and walked directly to the bulletin
board. They were about the same age as Karen and I but to be frank they were
what I would describe as manual labor types. They were large people. The husband
towered over me. He was dressed in overalls and the woman in tight jeans. Both
were overweight, not really obese but they could stand to loose a few pounds.

They crowded up to the bulletin board beside me. They looked over the cards.

"Same shit as last week." Said the wife.

"Yep, nothing new here." Said the husband.

"You having any luck?" asked the husband speaking to me.

"Not really" I replied.

"What are you into?" asked the wife

"Always looking for something new." I replied trying to be non-committal with
strangers. Wife swapping and swinging couples need to be approached with
caution.

"You AC/DC?" asked the woman. I wasn't comfortable discussing my sexual
preferences with complete strangers in a sex shop. But before I could reply the
husband pushed me up against the wall. "Check out his equipment, Nora" said the
husband. Nora, that must have been his wife, grabbed my cock through my pants.

"It's got a nice heft to it, Red" said Nora as she grabbed by cock in her hand
and squeezed.

"Hey, let me go." I said but without any real force in my voice. My submissive
persona was invoked

"What's your name?" asked Red

"Harry" I replied

"Harry, Nora and I figure you for a pussy. We want to take you home and let you
service the Trent family." Said Red

"He's a pussy if I ever saw one. I made him as soon as we walked in the door,
Red." Said Nora

I had never been called a 'pussy' before but I had a pretty good idea what they
meant by it. Of course, they were right. I was a submissive. Somehow Nora had
sensed it.

"My wife is in the store." I said

"She know you're a pussy boy?" asked Nora

"Yes, she knows." I replied.

"She kick ass or lick it?" asked Red

"What?" I replied not understanding

"Is she like you? Is she a pussy girl just like you're a pussy boy?" asked Nora

"She's like me. She's submissive," I said

"Nora, this is our lucky day.  A little pussy couple we can take home. What's
your name?" Said Red

"Harry, My wife is Karen." I said

"Harry, what's say you and Karen come home with us for a couple of hours. Nora
and I know what pussy girls and boys like. We got a first class dungeon, all the
right equipment and we know how to use it.  Pussy couples are our specialty. We
live close by." Said Red.

Nora, by the way, had never released my cock and was slowly stroking it through
my pants.

"I'll have to ask Karen." I said

"You do that. Nora and I will wait here." Said Red

I walked over to Karen who was standing in front of a DVD display that featured
bondage and fetish media.

"I met a couple over by the bulletin board. They are both dominants. They are a
little rustic but I think they could make this an interesting afternoon. They
live nearby and say they got a fully equipped dungeon," I said

"Why not, its beats buying this crap and going home and playing with myself.
Does the couple look like they know what they are doing?" asked Karen.

"My sense is yes but you never know till you try." I said.

"I'm game if you are." Said Karen

So that is how an otherwise intelligent couple came to associate themselves with
Red and Nora Trent and family. It was a spur of the moment decision that was
driven by the need for sexual gratification. It was a decision taken on a rainy
Saturday afternoon when the opportunity for something new seemed ever so
superior to going back to our home and watching television. The bottom line is
that almost any thing has attraction when boredom sets in.

I took Karen over to Red and Nora and introduced her. Red suggested Karen ride
with him and Nora with me. It would give us an opportunity to get acquainted.
Nora got in the Lexus with me and Karen climbed up into Red's Lincoln Navigator.
I relaxed a little when I saw that Red drove a $40,000 SUV. Why do we Americans
judge people by what they drive?

As soon as we left the parking lot, I saw Red reach over and pull Karen down
into what I assumed was his lap. I was not surprised and I'm sure Karen wasn't
either. Karen had never had a problem with giving a blowjob to the driver. I
only hoped that Red was able to drive safely while my wife was sucking his cock.
If you have ever had a blowjob while driving, you know how distracting it can be
especially when you blow your load.

Nora unzipped my fly and pulled my cock out and began stroking me. She wrapped
her hands around my ball sack and hefted it.

"You got low hangers. Have these been stretched before?" asked Nora

"Yes, We had some friends who were into cock and ball torture." I said.

"Good, I got a whole bag of fishing weights. They'll hang ever lower by the time
I'm through with them." Said Nora.

For a pain slut like myself, this was good news. Cock and Ball Torture or CBT
for short was something that Tom loved to do to me. This was sounding better and
better. I followed the Navigator through a couple of side roads and then we
pulled into the 'Sun Valley Trailer Park'. I had the usual homeowners suspicion
of people who lived in trailers but I decided it was a typical and grossly
unfair middle class prejudice and dismissed my suspicions. We drove through the
trailer park, which was actually quite well landscaped, and pulled up in into a
covered carport beside the Navigator. Red's trailer home was located off by
itself well to the back of the trailer park.

My knowledge of trailer homes is limited but the Trent residence seemed to be
made of three trailers connected together side by side. Red later informed me
theirs was called a 'triple wide'. Karen got out of the Navigator and
immediately French kissed me. She knows that kissing her when her mouth tastes
of another man's cum is on my short list of big turn-ons. She shared a mouthful
of Red's sperm with me and we held the kiss with our busy tongues for quite a
while.

"He's got a big cock," said Karen licking her lips

"Good, let's go inside and get some more of it," I replied

We followed Red and Nora into the 'triple wide'. I was impressed. The place was
spacious and the furniture presentable. They took us into a large room they
informed us was there 'play space'. I estimated the room size, as at least a
1,000 sq. ft. Red had not exaggerated about having a well-equipped dungeon. 
There were chains hanging from the ceiling. The chains were controlled by a
system of winches and pulleys. There was a wallboard with a large selection of
whips, dildoes, clamps, and all the usual stuff.  One wall was floor to ceiling
mirrors. There were connectors embedded in the floor. There was a whipping
bench, a St. Andrews cross and a large wedge shaped device I later learned was
called a 'horse'. Karen will never forget the 'horse'.

Red suggested Karen and I get naked while he and Nora changed into their
dominant attire. Karen was obviously turned on by this scene. She was out of her
clothes in a New York minute. I complemented Red on his 'play space' and his
trailer home as I undressed.  One thing I learned was that Sun Valley Trailer
Park was owned by the Trent family and was started by Red's grandfather. He
proudly told me that it was the largest and nicest trailer park in the area. Red
said there were other members of the Trent family living in the park. At the
time, I wondered if they knew that Red and Nora were into swapping and BDSM.

Red and Nora's 'leathers' certainly made them look the part of a dominant
couple. Red's attire consisted of a leather boots and chaps that exposed his
cock and ass. The outfit was complete with a leather vest. Nora had a similar
vest with a leather mini-skirt that was slit up both sides to the belt. Her
pussy was shaved bare but who has seen a dominatrix in the last ten years with a
hairy cunt. Their attire matched their role. I recall thinking that if they each
lost about 20-25 pounds, they would look terrific. Red was a big guy with a
large cock. I had a feeling that cock was going to be in my ass before the day
was over.

"Let's get you two in restraint." Said Red as he fastened a leather cuff around
Karen's wrist. Nora got busy placing leather cuffs on my wrists and ankles. The
wrists cuffs were then attached to chains hanging from the ceiling and the ankle
cuffs to chains anchored in the floor. Red and Nora certainly had done this
before because in a short time, Karen and I were both vertically spread eagle.
They used the winches to remove any slack in the chains. My feet were about a
yard apart as well my wrists. Red made several adjustments until our movements
were limited to a few inches at most.

Once we were restrained, Red started manhandling Karen. He was sucking on her
nipples and fingering her pussy. Karen loves it when a man fondles her roughly
while she is immobilized.

"You are one hot bitch," said Red as he rubbed together the fingers he pulled
from her cunt. He stuck a couple of fingers back in Karen's cunt. You could see
her moving her waist to get them inside as far as she could. Red pulled his
fingers out and stuck them in her mouth. Karen licked them like a little girl
presented with her first ice cream cone. Karen is one hot slut (I hope she does
not edit this out.)

Nora attached a ball stretcher to the base of my nuts. She then walked over to a
counter and retrieved a heavy cloth bag. She hadn't lied about the fishing
weights. She kept attaching them to where I thought they were going to castrate
me. I was hard as a rock.

Red told Karen to open up and inserted a ball gag in her mouth. Then he did the
same to me. Nora placed a clamp on my nipple and tightened it to where I was
ready to scream. I was jerking my head to indicate the clamp was too tight. She
put one on the other nipple and tightened it down to where the pain was
excruciating. I looked over to see that Red had placed nipple clamps on Karen.
Karen looked to be in real pain. Her nipples were squeezed flat. She and I were
taking those long deep breaths you try to control the pain with. They don't
work.

Then Red and Nora surprised us both by turning off the light and leaving the
room. I could hear Karen yelling something into the gag. It's not unheard of for
subs to be chained up and left in the dark for periods of time. Sometimes that
is more frightening than when they are right there caning the hell out of your
ass. There Karen and I were chained up in an uncomfortable spread eagle
position; you can't move enough to give your body a rest. My balls felt like
they were getting longer by the minute. My nipples were throbbing pain centers.
I was swallowing my own slobber thanks to the ball gag. All in all for a
submissive like me, it can't get much better.

No idea how much time passed before I heard the playroom door being opened. The
light did not go back on immediately. The unsettling part was that I had the
feeling a number of people were entering the room, not just Red and Nora. I
could hear feet shuffling and a clanking noise. After a minute or two, the light
went on. It was almost that instant when someone should have yelled 'surprise'.

"Karen and Harry, meet the Trent family." Said Red.

"There were roughly a dozen people standing in the room looking at us. I quickly
realized they were family groupings. All but two were dressed in some variation
of leather. Those two were standing looking at Karen and they were 'old' to put
it bluntly. The woman, dressed in a housecoat, had one of those three-toed
metal-walking canes. That was the source of the clanking sound I heard. When I
say 'old', I mean wizened and covered with liver spots old. The man was
completely bald and the woman had a few wisps of gray hair. Their skin looked
like the belly of a sea bass. They appeared to be in their late 80s or early
90s. As it turned out, the woman was 86 and the man 88. They were Red's mother
and father.

Besides the old couple, there was a young woman carrying an infant, a family of
four consisting of mother, father, teenage son and teenage daughter, and another
family consisting of mother, father, and two teenage daughters.  Finally, there
was a big strapping young man who looked to be in his late teens or early
twenties that I correctly guessed was Red Junior. God, what had we gotten
ourselves into? We had always played with couples roughly our age. We were
hanging there naked facing an age range of two weeks to almost 90 years.

If you count the infant, there were fifteen people looking at our naked bodies
spread wide. The teenage son stepped forward and grabbed Karen's cunt and
started to finger her. Karen looked horrified that a young, practically
pre-pubescent boy was sliding his fingers inside her.

"Billie, you get back. You know Grandma and Grandpa get to go first." Said the
man who I took to be Billie's father. Billie stepped back licking his fingers.
I'm not good at guessing young people's age but if I had to, I would place
Billie at 13 to 15.

"I want to fuck her." Said Billie

"As soon as Grandma and Grandpa are done, you can fuck her as many times as you
are able." Said the boy's mother.

"What do you want Grandma?" Red asked the old woman in a loud voice indicating
her hearing was not too good.

"I want my pussy eaten." Said Grandma

"By which one, Grandma, the man or the woman?" asked Red?

"The woman of course, you want your pussy eaten right, you let the woman do it.
Never saw a man that can eat a pussy good as a woman" said Grandma.

Karen started shaking her head 'no'; but Red ignored her for the moment.

"What you want Grandpa?" asked Red.

"I want to fuck her while she eats Mary." Said Grandpa. I gathered Mary was
Grandma's name.

"Sure you're up to that. Grandpa. We can let her blow you when she's done with
Grandma or the man can blow you." Said Red.

"I'll be fine. I just took some Viagra. He can suck my asshole while I fuck his
wife. That sounds hot, don't it Charlie." Said Grandpa speaking to one of the
other middle age males present.

"Sure does, you just enjoy yourself Grandpa. Take your time," said Charlie who I
could now identify as Billie's father.

"Time is one thing I ain't got much of," said Grandpa making a heavy
philosophical comment on the temporary nature of human existence

"Bullshit, you going to be fucking bitches like this when you're a hundred."
Said Charlie, which caused the assemblage to laugh.

Red took the gag out of Karen's mouth. Karen flexed her jaw and said "I sorry
Red but this is not something I'm comfortable with. I'm sure the grandparents
are very nice but sex with seniors is not my thing."  Karen had always stated a
preference for sexual partners roughly in her own age group.

Red responded by slapping Karen twice in a back and forth motion. These were two
hard blows. The force of them made me realize for the first time we were in a
serious situation. We were not playing BDSM with well-understood limits and safe
words in Tom and Rhonda's basement. These people were going to do what they
wanted with us.

Unfortunately, Karen had not figured that out. "Let me go this instant. I
thought you were experienced at D/s play. Harry and I are going home." Said
Karen acting very dumb in my opinion.

"Let's put her on the horse. Ten minutes ridding the horse and she will be
begging to eat Grandma." Said Charlie

"Give me a hand, Ted" Red said to the one who I had correctly identified as his
son.

The two of them unchained Karen and carried her over to the fixture they
referred to as the horse. It was a rather simple device resembling the roof of a
sharply pitched A-frame house. They had cuffed Karen's hand together behind her
back. As they moved her to the horse, she struggled with them. "Hold her a
minute" said Red to his son. Red then proceeded to land two punches to Karen's
abdomen. Karen bent over from pain, gasping for breath. It took all the fight
out of her. I wanted to say to her "Smarten up, Karen or they will beat the shit
out of you" but the gag prevented that.

They none to gently lifted Karen up and sat her down on the top of the A-frame.
One leg was on each side. At that moment, I recalled an article I read about
medieval torture devices and the 'horse' was included. Basically, it was a
simple idea. You sat the female astride the point of the triangle where all her
body weight rested on her vagina. Of course, you could supplement the downward
pressure by attaching weight to her ankles. You made sure she couldn't use her
hands to take the pressure off her vagina. That was easily achieved by tying
them behind her back. Red and son quickly augmented Karen's discomfort by
attaching a sandbag to each foot.

Karen looked uncomfortable but kept her mouth shut at the beginning. Red turned
back to me and removed my gag. "You got any problem with sucking my Grandpa's
asshole while he fucks your wife." Asked Red

"None, whatsoever." I replied being very smart.

"All right, while we're waiting for your wife to get her mind right, let's have
Trish and Cathy practice the whip on you. That okay with you, Harry" Said Red

"That's fine, Red" I said

"I like you, Harry, I may fuck you myself before the day's out" said Red

"Okay, Roscoe, you get the girls started on Harry." Said Red to the two teenage
girls father. I could now put a name with all the males in the room. I heard a
young female voice behind me say "Daddy, can we whip him as hard as we want."

"Sure can, baby, you give him what for." Said Roscoe

"After we whip him, can we fuck him?" asked Trish

"If you do a good job with the whipping, you sure can" said Roscoe

The girls went over and selected thin rod like whips that resembled flexible car
antennas. God I thought this is going to be hot. Two teenage girls, barely out
of puberty, dressed as dominatrix wantabes are going to whip my ass. Depending
on the grade awarded their efforts by Roscoe; they were going to fuck me later.
My cock got even harder. My balls were stretching nicely. I had to admit that
Nora knew how to stretch nuts.

I was facing the mirror and I could see the girls getting ready to whip my
backside. They looked strong. I was in for it. The first whip landed on my
backside and I let out a yelp.

"Okay girls, you forgot something." Said a female voice I assumed was their
Mother.

"What mommy? What did we forget?" asked Cathy.

"What's that on his tits?" asked Momma

"Oh yea, we forgot." Said Cathy.

"You need to make sure that the pain is focused on the whipping. If his nipples
are clamped, the pain loses focus. The subject becomes confused about what hurts
the most." Said Momma.

"That's right. Listen to your mother. She knows how to make them scream their
lungs out." Said Roscoe.

"You girls practice on Harry. Later I'll show you some of Mother's secrets to
effective whipping using Harry's wife." Said Momma who was named Charlene by he
way.

So the two girls started whipping my backside. Roscoe and Charlene offered
advise about "spacing and pacing" as they called it. I screamed my lungs out
with the pain. There nothing like being the training subject in Whipping 101
with two strong-armed high school girls trying to impress Mom and Dad.

They stopped after 25 strokes each. Roscoe pointed out that there was a lot of
Trent family here and they couldn't render me unconscious before the others had
their chance with me.

The girls played with my cock. Mother Charlene showed them the most painful
techniques for raking their fingernails across my scrotum. I looked over to see
how Karen was fairing.  She looked to be in serious pain. She was pleading with
Grandma to take her off the "horse". Grandma was standing with her arms resting
on her three-point cane looking up at Karen resting on her one point horse. At
that moment, I witnessed Billie standing by Karen's leg and covertly applying
downward pressure to the sandbag attached to one of Karen's ankles. Billie was a
young sadist in training. I tried to recall which of our state penitentiary's
specialized in sexual offenders thinking that was where Billie would wind up.

Karen later described the "horse" as the most painful instrument of torture she
had ever endured. I did a little research afterward. The Inquisition developed
it and another name for it is the 'Spanish Donkey'. Karen said at first it
didn't hurt that badly. They had just removed the clamps from her tits when they
placed her astride the horse. So the first minute or two, she was more conscious
of the fiery pain in her nipples as the blood flowed back into the capillaries.
As her nipple pain subsided, she became acutely aware that her vagina and butt
hole were resting on a sharp edge and her own weight and the sandbags were
pressing her most sensitive parts into her body. In another minute or two, the
pain was unbearable. When Grandma Trent came over and stood in front of her,
Karen started to beg and plead to be taken off the damn thing. Billie's little
trick of adding to the weight with his hand was driving Karen out of her mind.
In Karen's words, the pain increased as each second passed. You would swear to
yourself that it could not get any worse but one instant later it was much
worse. Karen said she was begging and pleading with Grandma but the old lady
just smiled at her. Karen said Grandma appeared to enjoy the pain that Karen was
suffering. She was not everyone's idea of a sweet old woman ready to bake you an
apple pie.

Finally, Red walked over to Karen, shooing Billie away. I heard him say. "You
ready to eat my momma's pussy?" He grabbed her legs and tugged them downward.
Karen's scream only ended when she ran out of breath. "I will. I'll eat her"
gasped Karen.

"You'll ever suck her asshole, won't you?" asked Red.

"Yes, I'll suck her asshole. I promise." Howled Karen.

"Okay, Karen, just remember the horse is not going anywhere. You fail to
cooperate or even show a lack of enthusiasm, next time we use two sandbags on
each ankle and leave you there the rest of the day." Said Red as he reached
forward to untie the sandbags from her ankles.

 Karen later expressed to me that she would gladly have sucked the shit out of
Grandma's asshole and swallowed it before she would have gone back up on the
horse. Karen could barely walk when they could her off the horse. Her first move
was to grab her pussy and rub it.

Red had placed a large blue exercise mat in the middle of the room. It was about
2 inches thick, the kind of thing every health club uses for stretching out.
They took me down from my chains and unshackled me. Nora helped Grandma Mary
take off her housecoat. Grandpa took off his pajama top and loosened the waist
tie and let his pajama bottoms fall to the floor.

I know that old people are wonderful and deserve our respect. I also agree that
our tendency to shut them up in assisted living and retirement homes is a
horrible practice but that still does not make having sex with a couple in their
late 80s any more appealing. Maybe when Karen and I are in our 80s we will think
differently. Unlike Nora and Red, Grandma and Grandpa were thin as rails. They
had the shiny, translucent skin we associate with the aged. Nora started to help
Grandma lie down on the mat and Karen helped also. (That shows us how much the
horse had changed Karen's attitude. What was totally unacceptable 30 minutes ago
was now being pursued with a degree of enthusiasm. Maybe some day I'll have Red
put me on it for a few minutes just to see how bad it really is.)

Grandma was on her back on the mat. The entire Trent family was gathered around
the edge to watch the paterfamilias engage in sex with a couple half their ages.
I must say that once Karen agreed she would perform cunnilingus with Grandma
Mary, she held nothing back. She kissed her mouth and then sucked gently on
those flat sagging breasts. Grandpa and I were standing on the mat watching when
he leaned over to me and said, "Give me some head." I dropped to my knees and
gave a couple of licks to the tip of his uncircumcised cock. "That's right.
Start slow and build, just like your mommy taught you," said Grandpa.  I
reflected at the time that the Trent elders must personally train their young in
sexual techniques and assume that was the common practice. However, that moment
did not seem appropriate to inform Grandpa Trent that my mother did not train me
to suck cock.

Karen was working on Grandma's body just like it belonged to the cute Personal
Trainer at our health club that Karen occasionally invited over for an afternoon
of muff diving. Karen's head was between Grandma's silvery frail thighs tonguing
her vagina lips and swirling a pattern around her clitoris.

"You girls could learn from Karen here about how to eat pussy, especially you
Estelle. You see how Karen's licking my twat."  Said Grandma

"I'm looking Mama. She's doing you good but Karen's probably got some lesbian in
her. Queer ladies eat pussy all the time so they get real good at it," Said
Estelle obviously confusing homosexuality with being part rotweiler. 

At this point with Grandpa's very slowly hardening cock in my mouth, I felt that
I had almost mentally completed the Trent family tree. Red, Charlie and Charlene
were the two sons and daughter of Grandma and Grandpa. Red's family consisted of
his wife Nora, their son Ted and their daughter Lois the one with the infant
daughter, Tina. Charlie's family was composed of his wife Estelle, their son,
Billie and their daughter Cindy Lou, who by the way was the fox of the Trent
females even though she was only 12 years old. Cindy Lou looked like Shirley
Temple at the age. Beautiful skin, curly black hair, large soulful eyes, tiny
little boobs, all packaged very nicely. Charlene was married to Roscoe and they
were parents of the teenage whip artists, Trish and Cathy. There may be more
Trents hidden away in that trailer park but perhaps they were the bible
thumping, God fearing branch of the family, busily preparing their lessons for
tomorrow's Sunday school class.

Grandpa's cock was hard at last. Karen's rear was point in the air looking very
hot. Her face was buried in Grandma's snatch. Grandpa emitted a 'now or never'
sort of sigh and positioned his cock as Karen's entrance. I heard Red say "Put
it in for him, Harry". And I dutifully used my hand to guide Grandpa's cock into
my wife's pussy hole. Grandpa slipped his prick into Karen and sunk it deep. A
big grin broke across his face, sort of an 'I done it' look. The family started
shouting encouragement.

"Fuck the bitch, Grandpa"

"Make her scream."

"That's the way to lay pipe to the whore."

To say this had a surreal quality is an understatement. I would not have been
surprised if the Dallas Cheerleaders had appeared at mats edge to cheer grandma
and grandpa on to orgasm.

I knew my duty in this foursome and my tongue quickly found Grandpa's butt hole.
For 88, it was a pretty smooth asshole. I had expected a big rosette of
hemorrhoid tissue but the old man's rectum had held together surprisingly well.
I hope mine looks half as good when I'm 88. I decided that getting Grandpa off
would keep the family in a good mood so I played with his balls as I licked and
tongued his butt. I have never tried viagra but I gather it does work. Within a
reasonable amount of time, I felt Grandpa start to build up steam. The family
sensed that and started to shout further encouragement.

"You can do it, Grandpa"

"Fill her cunt with Trent spunk"

"You still got what it takes. Shoot your load in deep."

Karen joined in with a "fuck me lover, fuck me hard" and a "fuck me while I eat
your wife's wet pussy". All the encouragement got Grandpa to the point of no
return. He yelled "take it bitch, take it now" and unloaded his geriatric sperm
in my wife's vagina. I gave his balls a gentle squeeze at the climax just to
encourage all of his egg seekers to sally forth on what may have been their last
rendezvous.

Grandma had already cum several times and appeared to have passed out. The
Trent's cheered wildly and helped the pair to their feet. I saw a form flash by
my eyes. Young Billie grabbed Karen flipped her over on to her back and sunk his
cock home all in one smooth, continuous movement. Billie did not lack for
enthusiasm. Karen wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him into her. I
was amazed at how a few minutes on the Spanish Donkey had removed any reluctance
on her part for sex with the very young and very old. Unfortunately for Billie,
he did lack staying power. Karen matched three of his thrusts with a strong
upward thrust and that was all for Billie. He dumped his load and got up off
Karen looking embarrassed.

"My God, she's hot," said Billie.

The Trents laughed like loons. I laughed a little too. I could imagine my wife's
cervix trying to sort out Billie's young fast sperm from Grandpa's old slow
ones. It must have been a hell of confusion inside there.

"Daddy, Let me fuck Harry next. I need to put the baby down for his nap and I'm
getting a little tired myself." I heard someone say. This turned out to be Lois.

"Are you sure you're ready. You just been out of the hospital a week, baby" said
Red

"I'm healed up enough. I'm horny and Harry looks to have a nice gentle technique
not like one of you Trent pussy pounders," said Lois.

"It's okay Red. If you recall, you fucked me twice the day I came home from the
hospital with Ted." Said Nora causing all the Trents to laugh once more.

I should point out that Lois had gained some weight during gestation. I was
looking up into some very fat thighs. Even stranger was that baby Tina was
nursing away at an oversized breast. Lois handed the baby to Nora as she pulled
her dress over her head. She wasn't wearing any underwear. She took the baby
back and it returned to her nipple.

I have to say that it was several weeks after Karen returned from the hospital
with our daughter before we had intercourse. Having intercourse with Karen while
she was nursing never occurred to me and Karen would have thought me insane for
suggesting it. But here I was watching Red and Nora put too large cushions down
on the mat to prop up Lois so she could nurse Tina while I fucked her and the
entire Trent family watched. Wow, this was wicked.

"Eat me first, Harry, get me hot and ready for that big cock of yours." said
Lois as she spread her sizeable thighs offering me her honey pot. Baby Tina
stopped sucking long enough to turn her tiny head and show an interest in what I
was about to do. Even the smallest of the Trents concerned themselves with oral
sex.

I do like to eat pussy. What submissive doesn't? It's basically an act of
submission. I went to work on Lois. I first ignored the stitches that angled
down from her vagina opening but then thought what the hell and started licking
them. I got her going pretty quick.

"Oh Momma, you got to let Harry eat you out. He does it so nice." Said Lois

"I'll do that. We got all afternoon. You just enjoy yourself Lois." Said Nora.

"I did see that Red and Ted were on the mat busy applying father and son cocks
to Karen. Ted was in her mouth and Red her pussy. Roscoe, Charlene, Charlie and
Estelle, the other adults were watching Red and Ted put the meat to Karen. Nora
was busy watching me fuck her daughter. Grandma and Grandpa had left, apparently
in need of rest after the big fuckfest. The rest of the Trents were seated on
the couches on the perimeter of the room. Trish and Cathy were eating each other
out. Billie was trying to get Cindy Lou to suck his cock.

Lois came to the mark pretty quick and once there, stayed a while. I like a
woman who is multi-orgasmic and Lois was certainly that. Finger her clit, lick
her twat and she comes. Repeat immediately with identical result would have been
the instructions inscribed above her pussy if people wrote instructions there.
After what I thought was a decent number of climaxes, I carefully mounted Lois
trying to avoid putting any weight on the baby.

"Take the baby while he fucks me, Momma" said Lois being very helpful having
become interested in having a cock inside her needy twat. She handed Tina to
Nora who cooed to the child "Tina, Watch your Mother getting fucked for the
first time since you were born". You had to hand it to the Trents. They were not
concerned by the normal conventions and morals that govern most of humankind.

"Oh yea, Harry, give it to me. Fuck little Lois with that big hard dick of
yours." said Lois

I gave Lois a good solid fucking. I quit worrying about the stitches and just
fucked away. I lifted her meaty thighs onto my shoulders and drove in as deep as
my cock allowed. I saw out of the corner of my eye that Ted and Red had switched
holes. Ted was standing up fucking downward. From the look on Karen's face, I
could tell he was in her ass. Red was holding her head and face fucking her
mouth. Their wives were stroking Roscoe and Charlie cocks.

I wound up for a big finish in Lois. She grabbed my head and pressed it to her
big rubbery nipple to suck.

"Suck Lois's milk, Harry, feed on me," Said Lois as I took a nipple in my mouth
and was rewarded with a squirt of mother's milk. Frankly that sent me over the
edge. I had never done anything like that. I know that lactation is a form of
perversion and fetish. But my God is it hot to have your cock in warm pussy and
body temperature baby milk squirting into your mouth. Don't knock it if you have
not tried it.

I rammed it home ten times, taking a big nipple suck then a hard stroke for a
ten count that I actually counted down. On the tenth stroke, I released my sperm
in Lois's birth canal. She hugged me to her and said, "That was good Harry. I
think I'm fertile. If it's a boy, I going to name him Harry Trent."

"But you just had a baby" I quibbled

"Yea, but Nora wants another one. She just loves babies." Said Lois

"Is Tina's father at work?" I dared to question.

"No, Red is Tina's father. He knocked me up," said Lois

"So Tina is your daughter and your sister." I said becoming even more amazed by
Trent doings.

"It can be complicated being a Trent." Said Lois.

"Well, I hope you get a little Harry out of this." I said thinking that the
Trent DNA could use a little diversity.

"Me too" said Lois as I helped her to her feet. She gave me a little kiss; then
she took the baby from Nora and left.

Karen had a mouthful of Red's cum. Ted had finished in her asshole. Once again
Karen's holes were unoccupied and Billie seized his chance. He came off the
couch with a burst of speed and practically tackled her as he flipped her on her
back. Karen had lost any compunction about fucking a thirteen year old and
spread her legs wide for him. He slipped inside of her well-fucked pussy. Karen
wrapped her arms around Bill and slipped a tongue covered with his uncle's jism
into his mouth.

Billie lasted 6 strokes this time. Depending on your point of view, that was
either laughable or a one hundred percent improvement. I will admit Billie was
overmatched. Karen can be a fucking machine when she's hot. Her cunt is all
muscle and can squeeze the cum right out of you. I've seen her drain half a
dozen men dry at a wife swapping party.

"Man, she is so hot," said Billie. The kids laughed and the adults just shook
their head.

Trish and Cathy came rushing over to the mat. You said we could fuck him Momma
if we whipped him good." Said Cathy.

"All right, I think your daddy and Uncle are going to fuck Karen now so you too
can play with Harry for a while." Said Charlene

Charlene was right because Karen was mounted on top of Roscoe while sucking
Charlie's cock. This was just a few seconds after Billie had shot his load.

"Okay, girls, I'll work with the two of you and Harry. Trish you lay down in
front of Harry so he can start eating you." Said Charlene.

"Why does Trish always get to go first?" asked Cathy.

"Because she is the oldest. Harry will eat the both of you. Won't you Harry?"
asked Charlene

"Yes, I will." I replied wondering what incredible stroke of luck had decided to
give�me two teenage girls to fuck today.

"Cathy, you go get that leather harness and strap-on cock from over at on table.
Bring that tube of lube when you come back." Said Charlene.

Trish lie down on her back and spread her legs. She was a skinny kid with small
tits and an almost hairless pussy. The word "tomboy" applied to her appearance.
Charlene sat down on the mat and positioned herself with Trish's head resting in
her lap. She stroked Trish's check and gave her a motherly kiss.

"This is kind of a treat for us girls. The Trent men usually won't go down. They
love to pound your pussy and your ass or let you blow them but when it come to
using their mouth on you, they say muff diving is for us women." Said Charlene
holding Trish's head in her lap.

Karen was on the other end of the mat ridding Roscoe's cock. Karen likes the
cowgirl position. Estelle and Karen were swapping Charlie's cock between their
mouths. Karen licked his balls while Estelle sucked and then they reversed that.
Karen had one hand fingering Estelle's pussy. She was definitely a woman who
could walk and chew gum at the same time.

Red and Ted were seated side by side on the couch. Nora was sucking her son's
Ted's cock and giving Red a hand job. Sweet little Cindy Lou was standing by
Nora, occasionally grabbing Red's big cock in her tiny hand and giving it a few
strokes. Nora would take her mouth off Ted's cock and give Cindy Lou pointers on
the fine art of giving a hand job. Billie was standing at the edge of the mat
watching Karen's group fuck and stroking his cock, anxiously awaiting his chance
to pound Karen with his dozen-stroke repertoire. Norman Fuckwell would have
painted it as busy happy American family entertaining guests on a rainy Saturday
afternoon.

I came out of my reverie to give Trish a light slow lick that started at her
asshole and ended in a swirl around her clitoris.

"Oh that feels good, Momma" said Trish.

"Harry does it real sweet. He takes his time. You and Cathy need to take your
time when you're eating each other. You got to quit rushing it.  " Said Charlene
who reached down with one hand and squeezed Trish's nipple.

"Feels so good Momma with Harry licking me and you pinching my titties."
Breathed Trish.

"Now, you just close your eyes and relax. Breathe in through nose and out your
mouth. Slowly, The secret to having a big cum is relaxation so it can build
inside you." Said Charlene.

For reasons I do not understand, Charlene's words motivated me to do my very
best at eating Trish's pussy. I decided that Charlene should train the men and
women of the world in sexual techniques. At the least, a series of instructional
videos should be manufactured and distributed.

Trish closed her eyes and practiced her breathing as I licked away. Within a
matter of minutes, Trish began to orgasm.

"Now just stay with it and let each cum wash over you. All the Trent women can
cum time and time again." Said Charlene as she laid Trish's head down on the mat
and moved behind me.

"This has to be kind of tight around your waist. Now you start by putting a dab
of lube on your finger and working it around Harry's asshole. Just like this."
Said Charlene.

I felt Charlene's finger rubbing lube around by butt hole. Then another small
finger took over the job. Cathy was a different body type from Trish. She was a
little plump, more in line with the other Trent women.

"Is that right, Momma?" asked Cathy.

"Yes, baby, now use more lube and slowly work your way into Harry's butt." Said
Charlene

I felt my asshole invaded. Trish was cumming. I had a finger in her pussy and
you could feel her vagina walls rhythmically contracting.

"Now, use two fingers." Said Charlene

This was getting exciting.

"Now, Cathy, you keep one finger inside and I'm going to slip my finger in
besides yours like that." Said Charlene

"We're both finger fucking him." Said Cathy.

"We sure are. Now you feel that little lump in the side of his rectum. That's
his prostate. Move you finger to where you feel the little lump." Said Charlene

"I feel it Momma. What's it do?" asked Cathy.

"It's just something boys have in there. Give it a little rub." Said Charlene

I moaned loudly when Charlene or Cathy rubbed my prostate.

"See Harry likes that. Now see that drip of cum on the tip of Harry's cock.
That's cause we touched Harry's prostate." Said Charlene.

"Can I lick it off" I want to lick I," Said Cathy.

"Do it baby." Said Charlene

I felt Cathy's mouth engulf my cock and her tongue lapped at the cock head.

"I just love the taste of cum." Said Cathy.

"That's a healthy attitude for a Trent woman because we get to taste a lot of
it," Said Charlene.

"Now, position the head of the strap-on at Harry's butt hole. Hold his waist and
push just the head inside. Just the very head to start." Said Charlene

I was in heaven as Cathy slid the dildo into my ass.

"Give him a good smack to relax him inside," said Charlene. This was immediately
followed by a hard spank to my rear.  Cathy started to dildo fuck my ass in
earnest.

"Harry, Slip your cock into Trish" said Charlene

I did as instructed. Cathy pulled the strap-on out of my ass for a minute while
I mounted her sister.

"Give her about 20 good strokes then pull out. Don't cum. I want the girls to
swap." Said Charlene

I pounded the required twenty strokes into Trish and then in an act of supreme
will pull out. Cathy replaced Trish and I found myself with one more piece of
young pussy to tongue fuck. Trish soon had the dildo working in my rear. After
Cathy started to cum, Charlene directed to mount her which I did and gave her 20
stokes. Charlene called a halt for a moment.

Now you girls gather close and watch, cause Momma's going to let Harry eat her
and then fuck her until he shoots his cum inside her pussy.

I found myself eating out Charlene with her two daughters seated right beside
us.

"Each of you take one of Momma's nipples and suck it while Harry eats me," Said
Charlene

I looked up from my muff diving to see Trish sucking Charlene's left nipple.
Cathy was working on the right nipple. Charlene started to cum repeatedly.

"Slip your cock in me. You girls watch me fuck Harry." Said Charlene.

I drove my pecker into Charlene's hot wet, hole. I reached down and grabbed her
clit hard between my fingers and gave it a hard squeeze.

"Oh yea, Harry, Hard finger my clit. Fuck the shit out of me." Said Charlene

I thought what the hell and just went into overdrive. I pounded Charlene's pussy
as hard as I have ever fucked anyone. She thrust her butt up to meet my downward
stroke. I had more than a full head of steam after fucking the two girls and now
the mother. I unloaded into Charlene in three major spasms of cum squirting.

I was covered in sweat and rolled off.

"That was awesome. Momma. You really know how to fuck." Said Cathy.

"Well give Harry some credit. He's a great fuck. Karen is a very lucky woman."
Said Charlene

I looked over to see that Billie the Quick had once again mounted Karen. Karen
told me later she was determined to get him under control. She was on her back.
He feet were planted on the floor and thrusting up to his down stroke. You could
see her leg muscles flexing each time they come together. Billie looked for a
moment like he had it under control; then he lost it and for the third time shot
his wad inside my wife's cunt. He rolled off her and scooted away.  Karen
actually made a grab for him but he was quickly gone. The kid was part ferret.

I heard Red say to Charlie, "The boy's needs another bow in his quiver besides
the quickie."

I needed to rest. I saw Nora and Estelle pull Karen to her feet and begin to
attach her face up to the St. Andrews cross.

Red said, "Come over and sit down, Harry and have a beer. The women are going to
have some fun with Karen."

I was seated on the couch drinking beer out of long necked bottle. Red, Ted,
Charlie and Roscoe were seated also. We were naked or near naked.

Karen was manacled to the St. Andrews's cross. Estelle was on her knees eating
Karen. Charlene and Nora were selecting whips. Trish climbed up in my lap and
asked if she could have a sip of beer.

"Just a sip." Said Roscoe and don't let your mother see. The Trents certainly
had their own approach to parenting. The fact that their 15-year-old daughter
was naked and sitting on the equally naked lap of a 42-year-old man who had just
performed various sex acts with the child was not a problem but taking a sip of
Budweiser was beyond the pale. Cathy was seated in her daddy's lap and little
Cindy Lou was perched on Charlie's knee.

"Billie, come over hear and have a soda. Let the women have some fun without you
underfoot." Said Charlie.

Billie reluctantly left his position a few feet from Karen. I suppose that given
the chance he would try to jump on Karen while she was lashed to the cross.

Estelle was shoving a vibrating dildo into Karen's vagina while she licked her
cunt. Nora and Charlene had begun to whip Karen in the boobs and stomach. Blows
landed a few inches above Estelle's bobbing head. I knew Karen well enough that
she was in heaven sex-wise.

"That's some woman you got there, Harry," said Ted.

"Thank you, Ted, Karen is very talented." I replied.

"Never felt a pussy that strong before. It was incredible. It's not that it's
just tight. It's strong. Trish and Cathy are tight but they're still kids." Said
Roscoe

"It's powerful, feels like a muscle got your dick and wrapped around it."  Said
Red

"Reminds me of Cousin Irene, Lester's oldest daughter. They call her the 'nut
cracker'. Lester let me bust her cherry when she was almost 13. I was sore for a
week." Said Roscoe.

"And what did you have to do for Lester?" asked Red

"I let him bust Cathy's cherry when we were at the family reunion two summers
ago. Turn about is fair play." Said Roscoe

"Well, I would have liked to been first with Cindy Lou here but with Billie
around, he beat me to it. Ain't that right baby?" Said Charlie asking for Cindy
Lou's opinion.

"He was so fast. Momma went into the drugstore to pick up a prescription for
Grandpa. Billie and I were in the backseat. Momma figured she could leave us
because Grandpa was in the front seat. When she came back out. Billie had busted
my cherry. He is so strong and quick."   Said Cindy Lou.

"What did Estelle say to Grandpa?" asked Red.

"She asked him why he hadn't stopped Billie from fucking me. Grandpa said he
didn't know anything about it," said Cindy Lou.

"That old devil. He knew what was going on. He was never the one to stop a Trent
man from getting a piece of ass even if it was his own granddaughter," said Red.

"He loved to watch Grandma fuck us when we were young." Said Charlie.

"Grandpa was first with Charlene. She told me she was only 10 years old when he
shoved it in her." Said Roscoe

"Well with Daddy and Charlie for brothers, Grandpa figured he better strike
early or forget it," Said Ted

"You're the one to talk. I caught you screwing Lois when she was 11. Ted was
pounding it in and there was blood streaming down her leg. Poor girl bled like a
stuck pig. She was sobbing and begging him to stop. So what did he do? He just
kept at her." Said Red.

"And what did you do but climb on her as soon as I rolled off." Said Ted.

"Well I figured you had already done the deed so she might as well get used to
it," Laughed Red.

"Charlene says the two of you were always at her." Said Roscoe

"We did fuck Charlene a lot when we were young. We did her 2-3 times a day and
she loved it?" said Red.

"Hell, she still does. She loves to fuck you two. She told me that there's
something special about fucking your brother. She told me how sad it was to see
her daddy getting to old to screw her." Said Roscoe.

"I think it's the inter-generational fucking that has kept the family together
all these years." Said Ted

"Daddy got the job done today. Harry, I bet Karen never had an 88 year old cock
inside her twat." Said Red.

"That's true. And it was probably the oldest pussy she ever went down on." I
said wondering if Karen had noted her personal record-breaking activities.

"Look at Estelle eating Karen's pussy. She doesn't like to admit it but Estelle
likes women. She's always complaining about somebody being a lesbian or a dyke
but put a wet cunt in front of her mouth and she's on her knees." Said Charlie.

I should also note that Trish was still curled up in my lap, her little naked
cunt resting on my cock.

"Harry, Look at your wife cum. Look at the muscles in her arms. She going to rip
that cross apart. You are a lucky bastard to have a strong woman like that who
goes into heat at the snap of a finger." Said Charlie

Karen was twisting in the spasms of a serious climax. Her tits were marked with
whip marks. I might add that Cathy had managed to slip her daddy Roscoe's cock
inside her and was slowly fucking him while we talked.

"You guys up for more fucking?" asked Nora

"What did you have in mind?" asked Red

"Well, the four of us females, get down in doggy position and you guys rotate
after let's say 10 strokes." Said Nora.

"There are five of us men including Ted. You want me to get Lois?" asked Red.

"No, someone has to watch the baby." Said Nora.

"I want Harry to fuck me. Please daddy. Harry has fucked everyone here including
Trish and Cathy but not me," Said Cindy Lou

"Do you mind Harry? She's only twelve but she's a true Trent and hot as a
firecracker?" asked Charlie

"I'll do it." I gave a thought to those state laws that sent you away for a long
time for having sex with a minor less than 14 years of age. That did not stop
me, however.

"Listen, you suck Harry's cock just like Momma taught you and he going to screw
your little pussy." Said Charlie as he rubbed Cindy Lou's little gash.

Karen and Estelle were engaged in a 69 waiting for the men to join them. Charlie
ordered Billie to stay on the couch. Cathy and Trish decided to watch me screw
Cindy Lou. Billie wasn't happy about being excluded from the rotation but he
obeyed his father.

The 4 women lined up in facing pairs. Red informed me they preferred that so you
could look the other two men in the face as they fucked the women. The women
could reach out and feel their opposite's tits or engage in some kissing. They
passed around a couple of tubes of lubricant. The men had a choice of ass or
pussy.

Cindy Lou was lying on her back and I was licking her delightful hairless
snatch. Trish and Cathy were seated on the mat playing with each other's pussy.

I took my time with Cindy Lou. I figured there may be few if any times when a 42
year old man like me gets to screw an absolutely gorgeous twelve year old
especially with her parents enthusiastic cooperation. I licked her little nub
and listened to her sigh. I wet my finger and played with her vagina. In true
Trent family tradition, she started to race her engine.

"Oh Harry, that's wonderful. Can we do 69?" asked Cindy Lou

"Certainly I relied as I repositioned myself. Cindy Lou grabbed my cock and took
the head in her mouth. I heard Trish say "Stick you finger in his ass and rub
his prostate. Momma showed us how to do that when we fucked him."

I felt a finger enter my rectum.

"Wiggle it around," said Cathy.

"He let me have a little." Said Cindy Lou

"That's pre-cum, Cindy Lou. It's sweet. Ain't it?" said Trish

There I was my mouth working on Cindy Lou's wet and beautiful snatch while she
sucked my cock and stuck two fingers up my butt. I fingered her cunt and her
cute little butt hole. I realized I was either going to fuck her quickly or just
let my jism go into her mouth.

I mounted Cindy Lou. It was warm and tight inside there. In spite of all the
fucking I had done that afternoon. I knew I couldn't last long. I looked over at
the eight ways for distraction. The Trent's had made a game of it. The guys
entered the woman's pussy or ass depending on preference. Then they gave ten
strokes counting out loud in unison. Then they switched clockwise to the next
female. I guess the objective was not to cum.

I knew that Karen was having a great time. She loves that kind of thing. At some
of the wilder wife-swapping parties we attended, Karen was always willing to
organize a group grope or lead a gangbang.

I decided to enjoy Cindy Lou and kept slowly stroking into her wonderful little
cunt. We started to build in intensity. Her little butt was thrusting up off the
mat.

"Fuck me Harry, Fuck my pussy hard." Cried Cindy Lou.

Finally, I squirted a load inside her twat as she climaxed. We kissed a while.

"That was so precious." Said Trish.

"Harry fucks so sweet." Said Cathy.

I rolled off Cindy Lou thinking that no matter what ever happened in my life, it
would never get better than what I had just done. I had peaked at 42. It was
bound to be all downhill after this.

I looked over at the others and realized the last of the men had dumped his
load. The Trent men were standing up to go back to the couch for another beer.
Karen was just lying there savoring the moment. In a blur, Billie leapt upon
her. Billie slipped it inside her cunt and began to stroke.

Karen reached up and pulled his face to hers and kissed him. I could tell her
tongue was working inside her mouth. She wrapped her legs around him and fucked
back. He must have pumped for maybe 20 strokes before he climaxed. Twenty might
have been a new record for Billie.

He moved to get off Karen but she wrapped her arms around him and rolled over
leaving herself on top.

"You're not going anywhere." Said Karen.

"I shot my load. Let me go" Said Billie

"You've fucked me five times this afternoon. Now, I'm going to fuck you,
Billie." Said Karen. She was holding his arms outstretched, pinning him to the
floor. "Open your mouth, Billie. Open it wide." Said Karen

"Why?" said Billie

"I'm going to spit in it," Said Karen.

"Daddy, she wants to spit in my mouth." Wailed Billie to Charlie.

"You do what Karen says. A guest of the family wants you to do something; you do
it. Little spit won't hurt you." Said Charlie.

Billie opened his mouth and Karen dribbled a big wad of spit into Billie's maw.

"Swallow it," said Karen

Billie gulped down Karen's spit. She gave him a fierce tongue kiss and then took
each of his nipples in her mouth and sucked on them hard. I could tell Billie
thought that was both painful and wonderful.

"Now, we're going to do 69. My pussy and asshole are loaded with cum, including
yours. You lick me out and I'm going to suck you hard. Then I'm going to fuck
you."  Said Karen

Karen converted to 69 then sat up with her vagina over Billie's face. "Eat me,"
commanded Karen.

You could hear Billie slurping away on what must have been an incredibly gooey
cunt.

"Do my ass too" said Karen adjusting her position. Billie applied himself to
licking and sucking my wife's well-fucked asshole.

"This might teach him something. He needs something like this to straighten his
ass out." Said Charlie to Estelle.

Karen took Billie's cock in her mouth and sucked him while he ate her. The
Trents watched closely. It was a moment of high drama. Cindy Lou and I were
lying nearby in the spoon position.

Karen got Billie hard and then mounted him in reverse cowgirl. She rubbed his
balls as she worked her pussy down over his cock. She reached down and slipped a
wet finger in his asshole. Karen readjusted her position and slipped Billie's
cock into her asshole. Karen was focused and she had a look of fierce
determination on her face. She turned around to face Billie without letting his
cock come out of her ass.

"Fuck my ass, Billie. Do it." Said Karen as she pinched a nipple with one hand
and played with his balls with the other. Billie reached up and grabbed Karen's
tits. I could tell that Karen was contracting her insides to squeeze Billie's
cock.

After a lot of down stroking, Billie unloaded for the sixth time in my wife. The
stroke count was way up there. The problem of pre-mature ejaculation vanquished.
Karen climaxed with such force I think Billie felt like his cock was in a vise.
When she finished her cum, she leaned down to Billie and began to gently kiss
and nibble his face.

"Sweet Billie, you are such a sweet baby boy. I love it when you fuck me, you
young stud. I love the feel of your hard cock in me," cooed Karen as she hugged
and kissed Billie.

Well everyone was fucked out, so it was time to dress and leave. The Trents said
they hoped we enjoyed it and that we would all have to get together again soon.
Cindy Lou cried when we left. She wanted Karen and I to stay with her.

A week later, I flew to Atlanta to help set up for a trade show. Karen stayed
home. When I called home about 6:00PM; Karen answered.

"Guess who's here?" said Karen

"No idea," I replied

"Billie, he rode his bicycle over." Karen replied

"His parents know he's there?" I asked

"They do now, I called them. They said it would be okay if he spent the night.
I'll drive him home tomorrow." Said Karen

What's he doing now?" I asked

"Eating" said Karen

"I didn't know we still kept milk and cookies." I replied.

"No, silly. He's eating my pussy. Here listen," said Karen. I can only assume
that Karen stuck the phone between her legs because I heard licking sounds.

"A growing boy needs more than girl juice." I said.

"We ordered pizza. It should be here any minute." Said Karen

"After pizza, what are you going to do with him?" I asked

"I'm going to fuck him all night until he can't get it up anymore. Aren't I
Billie?" Karen asked.

I heard a muffled sound. "He wants to eat my ass. He is the sweetest boy. Hope
you don't mind Billie visiting," said Karen

"Yes, as long as the next time he comes over, he brings Cindy Lou." I replied




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Berg


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





