BDSM Library - Finding Purpose




Finding Purpose
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An amazingly stunning 40yr old is divorced by her very wealthy husband because he wishes to plow green younger pastures.  Angie begins to live a life of drinking to forget and working out to remain in shape until she meets a tall handsome stranger.
Finding Purpose


Custom video:

Model:  Should be white w/tan if possible.  Blond (preferred).  Good chest, but
not overly large say 36C area or better - enough for breast bondage noted below. 
Not fat, but not twiggy either.  Excellent face.

Situation:  Young blond learning to be a slave.
Overview:  Master is training slave to accept extremely high heels and attain
"hour glass" figure.  Running commentary (as if they are thoughts in her head)
by the young slave, to be named Daphne, should go throughout the video.

First bondage:
Title:  Punishment bondage.
Setting:  Ballet studio.  Hard wood floors, practice bar along walls.
Clothing:  Short pink mini dress (ice scatter style - just covers rear end)
halter collar plunging neckline, breasts nicely displayed.  Pink or white
stockings, special pantyhose, crotchless.  Pink satin toe-ballet slippers w/pink
ribbon laces.

Start:  Young lady (Daphne) is stretching at the work-out bar along the wall. 
In walks master in dark good looking suit and dominatrix type in black corset,
black fishnet stockings, very high heels (either boots or pumps - no platform
shoes).

Narration should include:  I never knew that this was the type of life that I
wanted until I met my master.  Being forced to do the will of such as strong man
is thrilling.  She is receiving ballet instruction to learn how to walk properly
in the 6" plus inch spike heels that her master wants her wear.  "I've been at
this a month and I still can't seem to get it down pat (find out term for
ballerina standing on toes and use it here).

Afraid when she sees the dominatrix with her master.  Fear that he is unhappy
with her.  Desire to prove that she can do it and be what he wants of her.

Young lady is asked if she has been doing her exercises.  She answers yes
meekly.  Told to prove it by standing on her toes ballet style.   She fails.

Master informs her that she is not working out as expected and that he has
requested that Madam Distress train her for the next few days, to get her in
line.

To ram home displeasure, Distress put her into a punishment bondage position.

Hogtie punishment bondage - use white soft nylon rope.  Lying on her stomach or
better perched on a table.  Wrists bond.  Ankles next.  Binding above the elbows
with slack in between.  Binding above knees.  Rope looped around waist drawn
down over her stomach and through her crotch, split vagina lips with the double
cord, over her rear end, through the wrist tie, bond to the ankle tie.  Ankles
should be well pulled back, as close to her rear end as possible.  If the models
hair is long enough, add a binding to her hair (pony tail) tied to wrist.  If
not add a binding around the shoulders and breasts tied to wrist ankles, to pull
body into tight ball.  Add large colorful ball gag.

While she is being bond, a running commentary should be added as if it were
coming from the models (Daphne's) thoughts.  Darn it I tried my best.  Gosh, she
ties these ropes tight.  Ouch, that rope through my crotch is really going to
sting soon.  Damn, ball gag (after a bit of wear), I'd rather blow my master all
day then wear this jaw buster.
Oh, Lord if I could just a little more friction out of that rope between my legs
I could cum for an hour (because she is so excited!).
Camera shots:  Highlight of all angles after bondage.  Distress to order her to
point her toes, arching her feet in the ballet slippers and to keep them that
way.  Close up of ballet slippers from multiple angles (take plenty of footage). 
Close up of ball gag.  Lips should be closed about the ball, no teeth revealed,
mouth should be drawn be drawn back by the gag straps.  Close up of breast
mashed against floor or table. 

Leave model in this bondage for ten or fifteen minutes and have her twist and
pull at bonds when left alone by Distress.  Show clock on wall at 10:00am when
Distress leaves and 11:00am when she comes back.


Additional bondage (if time permits):
Title:  Ballet training (enhanced)
Setting:  Same location.

Suspension bondage.  Wrists tied to spreader bar.  Some type of breast bondage
added.  Ball gag remains in place or can be substituted for leather plug gag. 
Rope above knees.  Ankles bound if you feel that it is appropriate.

Ordered by Distress to practice her ballet stance (only toes touching the
ground) while being "assisted" by her suspended wrists.

Crop used by Distress, if she rests her feet.  Slap breasts, would like to see
them bounce against her halter top.  Slap ass and legs.

Narration:  Come on girl you can do it.  Just a little bit longer.  Oh, God it
hurts all my weight is jammed on my poor toes!  Well, if I am going to walk in
those leather ballet shoes/boots that master brought for me, I better get used
to it.

Clock shot one hour time passage.

Second Bondage:
Title:  Waist reduction.
Setting:  Living Room
Clothing:  Corset (6 garters if possible), crotchless panties, 6" spike heel
pumps, stockings.

Camera to watch her as she dresses.  She should be narrating in her head the
proper order of putting on each item as outlined by her master.  Stockings
first,  panties second, corset third, attach garters fourth, shoes next.  Focus
on sliding into heels and standing in extremely high heels.

Waist reduction w/bondage sleeve.  Add halter ball gag (not bit gag) and nipple
clamps (with weights perferably). 

Distress measures waist with measuring tape (close up of measurement - e.g.
25").  Distress informs her that she is to shave 3 to 4 inches from that number. 
Apply corset, close up on lacing (have Daphne hold on to a bed post or stairs
railing for support).  Close up on high heels especially during application of
corset.  Measurement after proving reduction - e.g. 21".
Apply leather sleeve to arms.  Apply halter ball gag.  Apply Nipple clamps.  Add
ankle restraints with short chain (use locks for effect).

Ordered to stand in place, feet spread till chain is taught.  Mistress Distress
walks about the helpless female and flicks her with her riding crop from time to
time.  Push and slap breasts, crotch, thighs and lifting up arms swat both
cheeks.  If possible provide reaction shots as well as focusing on the landing
of the crop (i.e. shots of fist clenching, moans, agonized eyes, butt giggling,
feet readjusting in heels. 

Feet sliding forward or rear ward, rewarded with additional flicks of the crop. 
Blows do not have to be hard, but I would like the sound of the blows to be
enhanced if possible.

Clock again:  Time in at beginning of standing order, one hour passage time out
at end of ordeal.

Third bondage:
Setting:  Living room (tie to captain's type wooden chair with arm rests).
Title:   Further foot training enhanced with breast bondage.
Slippers focus.  Start out in high heel slippers w/marabou feathers if possible
(satin mules or high heels otherwise).  Switch to slippers when given orders by
Distress.

Clothing:  Bustier or waist cincher, stockings, crotchless panties, ballet like
slippers, lace finger gloves.  For slippers use either leather ballet workout
slippers or nylon Isotoner bedroom slippers.  Victoria's Secret (only during
Summer sale months, but can be ordered by calling the company or through e-mail)
also has soft leather skimmers which would also fill the slipper bill.

Breast bondage:  Use smaller cord or wire to achieve balloon like effect.
Add nipple clamps if possible.  Harness or ball gag (no bit gags or tape). 
Bound to chair at arms, back (figure 8 about chest), waist and thighs.  Knees
bound together.  Ankle bound together.  Ordered to keep feet arched
continuously.

Chair seating explained by Distress.  She is to tied to continue to make her
stand with her feet arched so steeply, so she will be given a rest.
Breast bondage explained by Distress.  Used to show off her assets and inflame
her master's desire.  Proves her desire to please him.

Narration:  My breast feel like two balloons ready to pop!  That's not so bad
though, but those damn clamps send electric shocks to my poor cunny every time I
move!  This halter gag really works, I can hardly make a sound.  At least she
has me sitting down this time.

Spanking Session:
(If possible.  I am not sure that you handle this type of thing.)
Title:  Slaves first disipline.

Reason for spanking is that she is not attending to her lessons properly and
needs to be further chastised.
Clothing:  Same as above remove panties, replace marabou slippers (4 inch heels
on the slippers if possible).  Add blind fold.

Bondage suspension:  Arms bound at wrists or spreader bar, legs joined with
ankle restraints (chain longer add locks).  Add nipple clamps with weights (if
possible).

Orders:  Lean forward into the rope and present rear end.  Rear end should be
arched.  Suspension should have enough give to achieve look.  Order to count out
strokes (i.e. One... Thank you mam, may I have another).  20 - 24 strokes.

Whip type:  Twaus (sp), crop or cane, slapper (crop with widen rubber
"slapper").  No nylon cat of nine tails crap.  Real slapping or cropping action. 
Mostly, not hard hits with a couple of hard ones thrown in.

Aim for cheeks and upper thighs.  A few taps against the vagina thrown in. 
Special focus on Daphne arching her feet above the sole of the slippers to get
away from the attention to her crotch.  Lots of butt rotation and jumping away
from the whip.  Order to get back into position at appropriate intervals.

Narration to include: When will the next one land.   Oh God that one hurt
(stung).  When will this end (note: not told the total numbers of strokes
previously).  My ass feels like it's on fire!  I wish I could see what the
mistress is doing. 

Lots of moaning and crying out (no gag), no shrieking or screaming.

Final Bondage:

Reason:  She is now ready for her master and awaits to pleasure him.

Title:  Awaiting Master's Return.
Bedroom:  Four poster bed.  NOTE:  Picture of her standing unaided in ballet toe
shoes/boots (8 x 10) taped to the bed's headboard.  Proving her success.

Clothing:  Lacey baby doll.  Lots of cleavage, crotch length.  Crotchless
panties.  Garter and stockings and if lace-up ballet shoes or boots are
available these would also be appropriate to stay with the theme.  If not 6"
spiked high heels (best would be the type that have straps which rap around the
shoes and lock or strap in place

Bondage:  Bound spread eagle to bed with leather restraints.  Penis gag (show
insertion - have her suck it in,kiss and lick it, etc., not pushed in).  Clothes
pins on nipples (slide material away to see breasts).  Blind fold (simple nylon
type).  Add vibrator or Butterfly vibrator if insertion is not allowed.

If using standard spike heels, bind feet into shoes with rope.

Narration:  Oh, God, I can't wait to have him!  This vibrator is driving me
crazy, but it won't get me off!  Lord, please let him take off this thick penis
gag and fill me with his real live juicy one!  I've got to admit that my feet
feel right at home in my new shoes/boots.

Lots of squirming and moaning, as she awaits his return.  Fade out.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  White Knight


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





