BDSM Library - The Reality of Dreams




The Reality of Dreams
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A 16 year old, finding a book on The Salem Wicth Hunts, soon discovers that she got more than she bargained for.  Josie finds herself having dreams that are deep in torture and rape and the death of others, which end up in reality.  Can she overcome the evil that has taken over her world of dreams and reality, before she becomes...
The Reality of Dreams
By Darkeagle
Dkeagle69@hotmail.com



	NOTE: This is a work of fiction.  I neither condone nor support activity
of this kind.  It is only fiction.  What is written below has never happened,
nor do I wish it to happen.  It is cruel, inhumane, and illegal to rape or
torture others.  Those with urges to do so, should seek professional help
immediately.  This work is only for entertainment purposes only.  Anyone under
the age of 18(or 21 in some states or countries), weak of health, or easily
disturbed by cruel and unusual torture, should not read this work of fiction. 
Again, it is only fiction. 

Bondage, Torture, Rape, Nonconsensual, Sadomasochism, Teen, Demonic, Mind
Control and death are involved in this fiction.  Read only if you are an adult
of sound mind and body.



(c) copyright 2001, owned by JMC, All Rights Reserved.




Chapter 1

	She walked into the aisle, frustrated.   She had to do this report on
the Salem Witch Trials for history class, and was aggravated on not finding
anything definitive.   Josie knew she should have come last week before all the
others came, now she was left looking over the leftover books, most of which
were weak in material or just glanced over the Inquisition.  She worked her way
down to the back of the aisle and saw the rear door.  She knew there was a door
there, but just never actually laid eyes on it.  In faded gold lettering, it
said 'Department 5,History of Medieval Europe'
	'Odd,' she thought, 'always figured it was the rear exit.'  She tried
the doorknob, but it was locked.  With a sigh she pushed the door to turn away,
when it creaked open slightly.  With a glance around, she quickly ducked into
the room.  It was dark and thick with dust.  She groped around the wall, but
found no lightswitch.  She then slowly walked into the room reaching up and out
in front of her.  Her left hand touched a string, and she grabbed and pulled. 
She squinted in the brightness, adjusting her eyes to the light.   Stepping
back, she closed the door, then looked around the room. 
	The room was filled with old books and documents, all yellowed and
cracked.  Most of the books looked like they haven't been touched in several
years, by the amount of dust on them.  She scanned the binding titles, and
slowly worked her way around the room.  In the far left corner, on the third
shelf from the top, she found was she hoped she was looking for.  'The Salem
Witch Trials, The Methods of Finding the Truth'.  Quickly she reached for it,
and immediately pulled her hand back, when she felt a burning shock rush through
her.  Passing it off as static electricity, she again reached for it, and this
time pulled it off the shelf without any surprises. 
	The book was covered in old leather, reddish in color, with maroon
grains.  The leather seemed to be in remarkable shape for its apparant age.  In
black ink, or actually a deep dark red color, the title was impressed into the
leather, in Old English Text.  The pages were edged in an ivory color. 
Carefully opening it, she studied the cover page.  Under the title it read,
'This is a comprehensive collection of historical facts, and was written as such
however some of the methods of torture and questioning contained herein may be
unsuitable for some. The details are extremely graphic in nature, including some
sexual rape, bondage, whipping, caning, and other  forms of restaints or
punishment.  This collection may be extremely offensive, so those who are
adverse to such descriptions should not read the information contained within
this manual. '
	As Josie read this paragragh, her groin grew warm and moist, and to her
surprise, her deep curiosity pulled her to continue reading.  She began reading
the first chapter and quickly felt her heart race, she found her hand wandering
down to her groin.  Snapping herself out of her trance she closed the book, and
slipped it into her backpack, without a second thought.  She wanted this book. 
She needed this book.  	
	She slipped out into the main library, and pulled a couple other
historical books off the shelf nearest her, barely reading the titles.  She
casually, she hoped, walked up to the main desk, putting the books down, and
fished out her library card.  The woman librarian approached, took up the books
to scan them, and her card.  She punched a few keys into the computer, then
handed the card back to Josie.  She glanced at Josie's backpack with a curious
look, but then she turned away with a wave and a smile.  Josie wondered if
perhaps she knew.  Without pausing to reflect on it, she headed for the exit. 
With a bounce in her step, she headed down the stairs, with a warm feeling
inside, a fuzzy feeling of happiness, almost intoxicating in its effects.
	Josie wasn't a thief, by any means, and she was almost curious as to why
she stole the book, but any thought of returning it, was quickly banished from
her mind.  Her interest in erotic stories began soon after she first masturbated
when she saw a horror flick in which a naked woman was tied down, fondled and
mutilated by a sadistic doctor. That was two years ago, when she was 14. That
episode in her life brought an erotic interest into her life, and wasn't sure
what to do with it.  She had had a boyfriend, of sorts, but they never had a
sexual relationship.  She wanted to be sure of what and how she wanted her sex
to be.  Now however, with this new book, a new wave of euphoria blew through
her.  	She had seen and read other stories of sex, but found they barely
brought her to orgasm.  The feelings within her now, with this book, brought
back memories of that incredible time watching that horror, and she wanted those
feelings again.  Quickening her pace she hurried home.
	Unlocking the door, she rushed into the house, and ran upstairs to her
room.  A glance at the hall clock said 3:38.  With a triumphant sigh, she knew
she had about an hour-and-a-half, before her mother got home.   She dropped her
coat and backpack on the bed, and went to the bathroom.  Returning quickly and
locking her bedroom door, she dug out the old book.  She sat up in her bed on
propped up pillows and quickly opened the book to the last story as it had
gotten her hot in the library.  As she began to read, her heart beat quickened,
getting hotter and hotter, and soon found herself naked on the bed, furiously
rubbing her soaked clit, while burying three fingers into her pussy bringing
herself to the biggest and strongest orgasm ever.  Her long auburn hair was
clinging to her sweat-soaked body, while her pussy throbbed in ecstasy.
	She slowly relaxed, as she continued to gently rub her swollen nipples
until her breathing became somewhat regular again.

	Images of a woman lying tied spread-eagle, her nipples pierced and
pulled with chains, bleeding onto her tits, while her stomach, groin and legs
were covered in hot wax, which was allowed to cool and harden. Then she was
administered a whipping with a riding crop along her midsection, until all the
wax was gone, leaving bright welts, cuts and drying blood on her legs and
stomach.  Her screams of agony echoed in Josie's mind, as an iron dildo was
shoved deep into the woman's pussy, pushed in and out, in and out, bringing the
woman to near orgasm......


	That was the last she had read before putting all her energy into her
own burning pussy.  The bed was soaked with her juices and sweat.  As she lay,
breathing heavy, she gazed at the clock...
	"OH shit!!" she breathed.
	The clocked read 4:56.  Her mom would be home in about 15 minutes. 
Gathering up the sheets, she threw them in the hamper, then jumped into the
shower.   She washed quickly but felt burning desires growing within her. 
Bedtime, she thought, not now...too much to do.   She dried up, wrapped her hair
in a towel, and went to dress.  She glanced at the book as she dressed into
pajamas, and wished she had more time.  She gathered up her school books, hid
away the Book in the bedside drawer, and headed downstairs to the parlor as her
mom came in.

	"Hi mom, how was work?"
	"Phew, I'm tired, it's been a long day, too many claims to file this
week.  How was school?"  She said as she kissed Josie on the cheek.
	"Oh not too bad.... I did get a 98 on my Algebra test though from
Yesterday!"
	"Good job, sweety.  I'm gonna go change up, pj's look real good right
now."
	"OK, Mom... I'll be in here finishing up." Josie answered, as her Mom
went upstairs.
	Josie opened up her school books and began doing her homework.  She
chose biology first, but found she couldn't concentrate, so she changed to her
favorite, Algebra.  She tried to concentrate, but thoughts of the Book filled
her mind, as her loins cried out for more.  She set herself to work, and soon
heard her mother calling her for dinner.  Looking up, she saw it was six-thirty. 
Wow, that hour went by quick...she looked at her papers and saw to her shock
that she had drawn a naked woman tied to a bed on her homework paper.  She
quickly shoved it into her book, and slammed it shut. 
	"Shit, dammit, I gotta concentrate on my work... oh well, after dinner,"
she murmured to herself.
	Dinner of pasta went quietly as her mom was tired while Josie's libido
was in overdrive.  She could feel her pussy wet with desire, and her nipples
hard and erect.  She helped her Mom do the dishes and clean up afterwards,
occasionally brushing her nipples by accident, sending shocks of desire to her
pussy.  She groaned once, receiving a questioning look from her mom, but Josie
wasn't looking.
	Her mom, went into the parlor and plopped into her recliner, grabbing
the remote.
	"Good night mom, I'm gonna get this work finished, and get to bed early,
big day," She said as she picked up her books.
	"Good night sweety, sleep well."
	I hope so, Josie thought.


	She closed the door to her room, and dropped the books on her bed.  She
sat down at her mirror and began brushing her very long auburn hair, which she
was proud of.  It reached almost to her ass, and times she stood in front of the
mirror naked admiring it from the front and back.  She loved the way it danced
along her good sized breasts, her nipples peaking through, but she thought the
view from behind was her best angle.  Her long hair caressed the top of her
small tight roundish ass.  Her small waist just hidden behind the hair, and her
hips just curving around her ass,  beginning just below where the hair ended.  
Although not a snobby showoff, she loved her body and hair, both well cared for
through cleaning and exercise. 
	She stop brushing her hair to look at her face.  She thought she was
pretty.  Her blue eyes sparkled in the light, her cheek bones high, with a nice
healthy color to her cheeks.  Her nose was small and cute, kind of a button-nose
she thought.  She opened and closed her mouth, yes, she thought, very pretty, as
her tongue ran across her upper lip in a teasing kind of way.  She moved her
hands to her breasts and felt them, thumbing her nipples, bringing a warmth
within her, a rush going through her pussy.  She got up and  rushed over to the
bedside drawer, and opened it.  Then she stopped, looking at the old Book. No,
she thought, I have to get this homework done first, then I can enjoy this.
	She lay on her stomach, and pulled her books to her.  Opening up the
biology book, she began to work.  Her thoughts began to wander to Mr. Benton,
her Biology teacher.  Mr. Thomas Benton.  So handsome.  She wondered what it
what it would be like to have him...it would be dreamy if he was her first.  If
only she could have him.  Finally, she sighed....
	**"Josie, Josie.... wake up.... no time to be sleeping....Josie!!"
	Josie sat up, looking around in her biology class, Mr. Benton was
standing in front of her desk, shaking her, while the rest of the class was
looking at her.
	"What... I.. Uh.. oh sorry, Mr. Benton."
	"OK, this time.  Now, as I was saying," as he headed back to the head of
the class, "today we will learn the techniques of shaving a pussy...."
	"What?!?!" Josie exclaimed, shocked.
	"Ahem...Is that a volunteer I hear?" Mr Benton said.  Oh good, glad to
see you are willing to be involved in our class today, Miss R-."
	"N.. I.  uh," Josie was lost in shock.  "I, NO....are you crazy?!"
	"Come now, you don't want to fail now do you?"
	"No way...I'm out of here."
	As Josie got up, Mr Benton said, "Ok, class, it seems Josie, here does
not want to participate.  Do you think she should?"
	All hands raised in agreement.  Josie began running for the door, but
was grabbed from behind, her arms pinned to her side.
	"NOOO, let me goooooo!!!!!!"
	Another hand covered her mouth.  She then felt herself being carried to
the front of the class, towards the lab desk and sink.  She struggled and
kicked, but suddenly her legs her grabbed, and she felt herself being picked up,
and placed upon the desk.  She struggled but she felt many pairs of hands
holding her down.  Her arms were pulled over her head, and pulled straight back. 
A couple clicks and pressure on her wrists told her cuffs held her arms in this
way. 
	A piece of duct tape was stuck over her mouth, replacing the muffling
hand.  She watch as a wide leather strapped was placed on her stomach, attached
firmly to each side of the desk.  She tried to kick furiously free, but she
couldn't break free of all the hands.  As she slowed her kicking she felt her
knees being bent back and out, spreading her thighs wide, exposing her groin,
which was directly over the sink.  Leather cuffs secured her knees to the table
on each side of her with chains to the desk.  Ankle cuffs and very short chains
locked her feet down upon the table, putting her legs into a wide squarish
U-shape, completely exposing her groin.  One final strap was placed across her
forehead, and attached to the table, keeping her head from moving.
	Josie looked frantically at whoever she could see for help, but none of
the looks she recieved showed any signs of pity, only serious looks of curiosity
and some cruelty.  Her friends, oh God, this can't be happening she thought.  I
gotta wake up, she frantically tried to awaken herself, but it seemed all to
real.
	"Now that we have the subject in position, I think it is time we removed
the clothing, so we may inspect the pussy and begin our lesson."  Mr Benton
replied, almost to calmly.
	He picked out a pair of shears out of the drawer, and moved up to her
chest area.  Josie's eyes watched what they could as he began to cut opened her
blouse down the center, pulling the remnant out from under the strap, exposing
her bra to the class.  He slid the closed blades of the shears over her nipples,
slowly and gently, until they finally began to grow, much to Josie's horror.  
He then opened the blades, and with a quick snip, cut the front of the bra in
two, releasing her young pert breasts and nipples.  The shears again began to
stroke her nipples	"Notice class, that as the breasts and nipples are
fondled, the blood rushes into the nipples, causing them to become engorged with
blood, growing larger and more erect, and much more sensitive."  Mr. Benton
explained.
	Josie felt herself blush with embarrassment and horror at what was
happening to her.
	She then felt the shear's point stroking her inner thighs, to her knees,
back to her groin.  As that was going on, two others began to pull off her
sneakers, and socks.  She tried to struggle, but to no use.  Mr. Benton worked
the shears down to her left foot, and softly stroked the bottom of her foot with
the point, causing Josie to move her foot, as it tickled her.  Then he poked,
Josie jumped.  She was tickled and poked several more times before he moved to
her right foot, repeating the process.
	"Watch the different reactions as her feet are tickled and poked, the
nerves detecting tickling or pleasurable touch, then pain.  Notice the roll of
the foot to escape, then the jump to escape, depending on the stimuli."
	Josie felt him begin to cut up her left pants leg, towards her knee,
then cutting around, exposing her calf.  The process was repeated on the right
side.  Still on the right side, he cut upward on  her thighs, on the outside and
then her left thigh, splitting the jeans.  He then began cutting on the inside
of her thigh, across the groin, and back down her right thigh.  He wistfully
pulled away the top part of her jeans, exposing her auburn hair peeking through
the thin panties.  He slid out the bottom part of the jeans, throwing them on
the floor with the rest of her rags.   Without fanfare her cut the panties off,
exposing her virginity to the class. 
	"As you can see, with puberty comes the groin hair, with sometimes is
the same color as the hair on the head, as it is in this case," He remarked as
he began to run his fingertips through her pussy hair. He began to pull her
labia  majora open, exposing her  labia minora, explaining each name and
function. Then he found her clitoris and began to stroke it to erection,
bringing a muffled moan from Josie, much to her shock at her body's betrayal.
	He reached into a drawer and pulled out shaving cream, soap, baby oil,
an electric razor, and a razor. 
	"Now class, we begin our lesson." Mr Benton said, as he clicked on the
electric shaver. 
	Josie began to cry as the razor pulled and nicked her as it cut off the
majority of the hair, leaving a thin layer of short stubby hair, all over groin,
including her ass.   Then he soaped her up, using the warm tap water, then
smeared cool shaving cream over her entire groin area.  Explaining the steps as
he went along, he slowly shaved her clean, as Josie's muffled cries and tears
flowed. He cleaned her off with some hot water, bring louder screams from Josie,
before he began rubbing soothing baby oil onto her shaven skin.
	But he didn't stop there, he began to work his finger into her pussy as
the class watched, bringing moans of pleasure from Josie.  He squeezed and
pulled her slowly erecting clit, then stopped his fingers and pulled them out. 
He removed his pants in front of everyone, and climbed up onto the desk.  He
paused, allowing Josie to get a good look at his large cock.  Josie sighed with
lust, she wanted it, oh yes she wanted it.  He slowly slid his cock into her
soaked waiting pussy, pushing deep into her, bringing a rich deep moan from her. 
She pushed her groin into him, her muscles gripping him, as he slowly began to
pump into her.  Slow at first, then his pumping sped up, She rolled her hips
into him, nearing orgasm, sweet release, she panted, a scream ripping through
her as her orgasm ripped through her...**


	Josie rolled through her orgasm, bringing a muffled scream past her
lips.  Wave after wave struck her, until finally, she stopped her fingers.....
	"Huh....I....was....*pant*.....dreaming," she whispered, as she opened
her eyes, and saw her room.  She was naked in bed, one hand softly massaging her
left tit, the other still had two fingers inside her...her...clean shaven
pussy!!!!!
	"What the fuck?!" she almost yelled, before remembering where she was.
	Looking around she saw nothing of any shaving equipment anywhere.  A
check in the bathroom later showed the same.
	"That can't be true....In my dream?!?!" she asked herself incredulously.
	Looking in her bedside drawer, she saw the Book.  She pulled it out, and
looking at the first story, she fainted back in her bed....	


	"Yes, my darling, yes.  I feel your lust, it pulses within you, giving
me what I need.  More, I must have more.  My Freedom is at had, and I must have
it.  Yessss!  My Freedom calls to me.  You shall continue where others have left
off.  Bring me more, and I shall be free, and you shall be mine forever..."*




Chapter 2

	Josie woke the following morning, her mind in a fog.  She lifted her
head, looking around.  As the memories of the night before flooded back to her,
the sight before didn't reason with her memory:  She was in her pj's, covered in
her usual blankets; Her books were neatly on her bureau; and the Book was
nowhere to be seen.  She reach over and looked in the bedside drawer, and there
it was.  Immediately opening the book, she flipped through the pages, but it
didn't read what she had seen last night.
	"That's really fucked up," she whispered to no one in particular.
	She climbed out of bed, and headed to the bathroom.  When she dropped
her bottoms to pee, she stopped in mid-motion, slowly bringing her hand to her
groin.
	"OH MY GOD!" she panicked, "No.... No, this can't be happening.  I
dreamed it all, I know I did, but how the fuck....."
	She finished releasing her bladder, then checked the medicine cabinet. 
Nothing was amiss, nor used since yesterday morning.  She looked around the
room, but nothing was there.  As she looked over her bureau, she remembered her
homework.
	"Damn, I'm screwed now," as she opened her notebook.
	She stared in shock.  There in front of her, in her neat crisp
handwriting, was her homework for biology.  Grabbing another, her algebra, and
another again.  All done.  She reeled in confusion, not remembering doing any of
it, but knew the material, somehow.
	Hoping a cold shower will revive her, she got ready.  She realized she
would have to shave her groin now, as the stables were begin to itch.  Finishing
up her shower, she began to get dressed, but the nagging feeling of something
really wrong was getting to her.  She did her usual routine with her hair, light
make-up, deodorant, perfume, and then grabbed her things for school.  Passing
the mirror, she shuddered as the clothes she was wearing, were the same as in
her dream.  She pushed the thought aside and headed downstairs. 
	Her mom was finishing up her breakfast, already dressed and ready.
	"Good morning sweety, sleep good?"
	"Morning, not really, lot of homework, especially with all these tests
coming up."
	"You'll be fine, you look great at any rate."
	Josie smiled softly, "thanks."
	As Josie poured her Corn Flakes, her mom gathered her things, kissed
Josie, and headed for the door.  As Josie ate her breakfast, the thoughts of
last night began to fade, as she put her mind to today's school day.



	As she walked to school, she felt like she was being watch.  Stopping at
a street corner, she looked around, but saw no one eyeing her.  Yet, the feeling
remained, all the way to school.  It was like an itching on your back, the one
place you can't reach.  When she got into the school-yard, the bell rang, waking
her from her thoughts.
	Her first class was English Composition, and she listened to discussions
on Thoreau and Walden Pond, not really joining in, except for the occasional
agreement and such.  Algebra came and went.  Then Computers, then came the
shock, in Biology. 
	It actually started in the hall, as she was walking towards class,
someone grabbed her ass, but when she turned around to give him a piece of her
mind, no one was paying attention to her in anyway, as if nothing had happened. 
Turning back, she headed to class.  She blushed with embarrassment on both
accounts.
	"OK, Class, next week, be ready for the dissecting.  I'll make sure all
the pussies get shaved.  Ha ha"
	Josie stared at Mr. Benton in shock.  Did he just say.... oh come on
idiot, she told herself, he's talking about the cats.  There was no sign of
knowledge from Mr. Benton.  Though she did notice Jason and Laurie whispering
quickly to one another, and she swore she saw Laurie giving her a quick side
glance.
	The rest of the day was uneventful, but as the end of the day neared,
Josie began to wonder if maybe she should bring the Book back, and forget about
the whole thing.  As that thought crossed her mind, her pussy began to get wet,
and she was getting horny, which quickly wiped that thought out of her head.
	Her last class was gym.  They played a rough game of soccer, then hit
the showers.  As Josie was getting undressed, she suddenly remembered her shaven
pussy.  She looked around, saw no-one looking, and quickly wrapped the towel
around her, heading for the shower.  The thought of walking home all sweaty
turned her off, so she braved the other girls.  She got the shower in the
corner, and tried to keep facing the walls, but she kept glancing at the other
girls, feeling herself getting horny.  As she lathered between her legs, she
felt a small tremor rush through her.
	"Oh God, what's wrong with me," she thought.
	"Hey, look at the little girl, all smooth and pink."
	She turned to see Barbara pointing at her.  "I...I just....wanted to see
what it would...ah....be like."
	"Yea, you like being a little girl huh?" Barbara laughed, along with a
couple others who were still in the shower.
	Mrs. Hammond came around the corner.  She caught the last of what
Barbara said.  She eyed her and Josie, giving Josie an approving look, running a
look up and down her body.
	"Ok, you two, break it up.  What we do is our own business, not to be
broadcast, right Barbara?!"
	"Yes, ma'am," Barbara answered meekly.
	Josie quickly finished, dried and headed to get dressed.  Barbara caught
up with her, and whispered, "I always wondered myself, sorry, I was trying to
hide my own thoughts back there."
	"Well did ya have to yell it out to everyone like that?" Josie shot
back.  "It embarrassed the hell out of me, I wasn't sure if I wanted anyone to
know....yet."
	"Sorry.  Hey maybe I'll come in all clean and smooth next time too!"
Barbara tried.
	"Your choice." Josie dropped.
	Barbara took the hint and walked over to her locker, with a last glance
back.  Josie just gave her a cold look, and got dressed.    She put her sweaty
gym clothes in her bag, and headed out to the hall, to her school locker for her
books, and head home.  The thoughts of the shower room, and what Barbara did to
her mad her upset.  She wanted to get back at her for what she did, but how? 
Mrs. Hammond, the dominating gym-teacher had stopped it before Barbara could
make it any worse. How to get back at her...

	She got home, and had a snack of cookies and milk.  All that running
around made her hungry.  Then she set herself to do her homework, and be sure
she did it, and remember it.  First though, she wanted to rest a minute, so she
sat on the couch, and put up her feet.  She closed her eyes, and soon images of
Barbara's naked body flashed through her mind....
		

	**There was Barbara, naked and tied up, in the school shower room. 
Suddenly her eyes flew open, she was in the locker room.  She started to scream,
but it was cut short by a hand across her mouth, and another across her chest,
pinning her arm to the side.  Josie struggled to get free, but somehow couldn't
find the strength.  She felt herself being dragged backwards.  Looking around
frantically, she noticed they were heading for the weight room.  She tried to
bite the hand, and immediately closed her mouth.  The hand tasted gross, like
meat that sat too long.  She could feel breasts against her back, a woman.  She
fought, but found she did not have the strength, she felt tired. 
	She brought Josie into the weight room, and spun her around into the
center of the room, letting her go.  Josie caught her balance, and turned back
towards her capture. 
	"Mrs.  Hammond?!?!" Josie blurted in amazement.  "What's going on?  Why
am I here?  No, this is a dream I have to wake up, NO, NO!!"
	"Shut up, you little shit," Mrs. Hammond ordered. "Now get out of those
clothes,  NOW!"
	Josie stood frozen in fear. 
	"Ok have it your way then."
	The large woman bore down on Josie, her already large body seemingly
larger, stronger.  Josie tried to get away, but a hand grabbed her blouse, and
ripped it from her body, with a terrifying sound, rocking Josie from the force. 
She stood with her hands over her bra-covered breasts, frantically looking
around for an escape.  Before she could move, her Gym teacher was on her, and
thrown to the floor onto her stomach.  Before Josie could react to the wind
being knocked out of her, Mrs. Hammond had  her shoes and socks off.  She then
flipped Josie over on to her back, and grabbed her bra, tearing it from the
stunned girl's body.  Her breasts danced around from the sudden force to
freedom.  Josie came around when she felt her pants zipper being undone.  She
started to kick and punch.  She pushed herself up, meeting a fist to her jaw,
rocking her senseless.  Vague feeling of being stripped of her pants and panties
crept into Josie's brain, but her body wasn't reacting.
	She felt herself being picked up, and carried a few feet where she was
placed onto a leather-covered bench.   As her body began to respond, Josie
frantically tried to get up, and escape, but Mrs. Hammond was holding her down. 
	Mrs. Hammond sat on the struggling girls chest, just below her tits, and
pushed Josie's right arm up and behind her, where a waiting  leathercuff was
strapped into place around her wrist..   She then forced her other hand into
another cuff the same way.  She climbed off of Josie, and tried, then caught, a
leg, and pulled it back and up, strapping another cuff into place.  The other
leg took a little longer, as Josie struggled even more, as she became more
coherent, but she finally succeeded in cuffing that leg also.  The captured girl
struggled, almost rolling of the bench, but not before she was caught and pushed
back into position.  Mrs. Hammond then ran a leather weightlifting belt around
Josie's stomach and the bench, pulling it tight. 
	There Josie was, legs spread wide, arms up, and cuffed onto a nautilus
bench, open to the world.....again.

	Josie began to cry, begging pleading, but it fell on deaf ears, as Mrs.
Hammond left the room.  Her long auburn hair everywhere, over her face, the
bench, and reaching to the floor.  She sobbed, and yelled for help, but of
course, no one came, or at least, not to help.
	As she calmed down, she heard someone else screaming for help, and
realized it was Barbara.  It grew louder, until the owner of the screams was
pushed into the room, falling to the floor, followed by Mrs. Hammond.  The sight
of her gym-teacher shocked Josie.  She was dressed in a black leather leotard,
and black leather thigh-high boots, and nothing else.  Her large tits exposed,
showing off large silver dollar sized aoreolii surrounding large pert nipples.
Her long black hair just reach the top of her tits. The leotard was tightly up
into her crotch showing her swollen pussy.
	Barbara was struggling to get up, but found it hard with her hands tied
behind her back.  She was naked, and soaking wet.  Her brown hair, though not
very long, clung to her forehead and neck.  Her tits were smallish,definately
smaller than Josie's(who wore a 32 C) and had little light pink buds for
nipples.  Barbara did have a tight flat stomach, which showed off her abs.  Long
silky legs were split with a hairy brown bush, which never looked trimmed at any
point.  Barbara's ass was nice and tight, shapely and rounded with smooth
rounded hips to compliment it.
	Josie tried not to look so hard at Barbara, but she was, she was
surprised and shocked to think, very attractive, and it made Josie's pussy wet,
even in her predicament, which was hard to take.  She cried more.  Afraid to
think or look anymore.  This was all too much for her, and she wished it would
end, but she knew, somehow, it wasn't.
	Mrs. Hammond grabbed Barbara by the back of the neck and lifted her up
straight, pulling a yelp from her. 
	"So, you think Miss R- here is cute do ya?  Well, guess what, there she
is, all ready and waiting for ya.  Go give her a good kiss on the lips."
	"Fuck You Bitch, no way!"
	"Oh, I see...OK." Mrs. Hammond said, just as she back-handed Barbara
that threw her around and to the floor.
	Barbara looked up stunned, with a look of defiance, and blood dripping
from her mouth.  She struggled with her bonds, but no such luck of escape. 
Before she could react, Hammond was on her, grabbed her hair and dragged her
screaming in agony to the overhead bar.  She pulled Barbara up, and pulled her
arms up, behind her, forcing her bend over.
	"Please, let her go!" Josie Begged.
	"Shut up Bitch, or you'll get this instead!"
	"I'm....sorry....pl...please.....let me go....I....I'll kiss her...."
	"Oh Don't worry, you will, but not before you learn you're place."
	Hammond tied a rope from the overhead bar to Barbara's cuffs, pulling
her arms high, forcing her head down low, and her ass high.  Hammond then pulled
a barbell over, and grabbed some more rope.  She started to tie Barbara's leg to
it, but Barbara tried to kick free.  Hammond reached up and slapped her face
with a loud crack.
	"Aaaaaooooooooo......."
	"Shut up, and keep still." Hammond ordered.
	Josie struggled to get free, crying in her frustration,  fear, and
terror.
	Mrs. Hammond finished tying Barbara's legs spread wide to the bar.  She
then tied the rope to her arms a little shorter, causing Barbara to yelped in
agony and almost up on her toes.
	Hammond smacked her ass playfully, bringing another cry of pain from
Barbara.
	"Now, my little shit, you'll learn your place around here."
	"Oh God, please, no.....I'll do anything, just don't hurt me." Barbara
practically yelled.
	"Little past that point, dumb shit."
	Hammond walked over and picked up a long leather whip from the table,
and walked back to the struggling crying frantic captive.
	"Mmmmm, now let's see, how many whippings for disobeying?"
	"Oh, please, please........PLEAAAAAAASE,AAAAAaaaaaaagggggggghhhhhh"
	CRACK went the whip, leaving a bright red thin line across Barbara's
ass, as she swung from the shot, screaming.
	"Twenty should do just right, I think," Hammond said matter-of-factly.
	"NoOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAwwwwwww"
	CRACK,HOWL, CRACK, HOWL, CRACK, HOWL it went, Barbara writhing and
twisting in extreme agony, her lungs ripping out sounds of horrifying sounds, as
her ass and legs were beaten red, raw, and bleeding in lines crisscrossing her
flesh in random fashion.
	The last two strikes produces jumps and whimpers as Barbara's strength
gave way.  She hung limply from the rope, head down, blood and saliva drooling
from her mouth.  Her legs and ass were a red mass of pain, bruised and bleeding,
striped in wicked agonizing lines.
	Hammond let her hang for a few moments before she let her down with a
thump.  Barbara groaned in pain, begging for it to stop.  Her captor began to
untie her legs and arms, showing red chaffing marks where the ropes burned her
flesh as she tried to escape.  Barbara lay in a shaking heap, sobs occasionally
coming out of her bleeding mouth.
	Hammond kicked her, not too hard, but enough to be rewarded with another
cry of pain.
	"Get up, bitch, and kiss your sweetheart on the lips!"
	"Ohhng, Ahn.....ye....yes...m....maaam"
	Barbara began to crawl towards Josie, who was staring in stark terror at
the beaten girl, crawl towards her.
	"That's it bitch, crawl like the dog you are." Hammond encouraged her.
	Barbara staggered up to Josie's mouth and slowly at first, but thinking
about more pain, quickly planted a long wet, bloody kiss on Josie's mouth. 
Suddenly she was yanked away from the tied girl.
	"Are you that stupid, I said her lips, not her mouth....Oh, you really
like getting beat don't you?"
	"Huh..Oh no No NOOOOOOO!" Barbara yelled in renewed strength.
	Hammond threw her down on her back and came down after her, leading with
her fist, hard into Barbara's gut.  As she curled up in a howling ball of pain,
Hammond got up and grabbed some more rope.  Returning to the girl, she slapped
her body open, and grabbed her arm.  Barbara's renewed fight began, but with
little affect, as she soon found herself, spread-eagle, on her back, on the
floor, screaming bloody murder.
	Hammond grabbed the whip, and swung hard onto the wailing girl's
stomach, bringing renewed screams of agony.  Up and down her body, tits,
stomach, legs, and once on her pussy, as welts, bruises, and blood formed up on
her now lifeless body before she passed out from the excruciating pain. 
	She untied the still girl, and left the room, leaving a terrified and
crying Josie stricken with horror.  She returned with a bucket and dumped it on
Barbara, bringing her sputtering back to life.  She then began to untie her.
	"Now get up, and do as I told you."
	Barbara didn't move.  Hammond picked up the whip.  Barbara saw it and
began to crawl again towards Josie, who was now in total hysteria, watching the
bloodied and tortured girl struggle towards her.  Her whole body was bleeding
from welts, cuts, and other marks from the unmerciful whip-weilder. 
	Slowly Barbara managed to get up between Josie's legs and just barely
stopping to reconsider, began to kiss Josie's clean-shaven pussy.
	"Good, Good girl,"Hammond almost cooed, "Now lick her, make her feel
good, suck it, get her good and wet, she needs some tender care right now."
	Josie couldn't believe her ears.  Barbara needed the care, not me, she
thought.  But that thought quickly left, as a warm feeling began to run through
her, as Barbara's virgin tongue, worked around, in and about Josie's pussy. 
Barbara began to quickly learn how to make Josie feel good, and although she
tried to fight it, she felt her juices start to flow.  She strain against her
bonds, pulling to reach her pussy, to touch herself, her pussy, her tits. 
Somehow, someway, Barbara got Josie hot and horny, even as both girls sobbed
over each other and themselves.  Josie closed her eyes and let the waves of
pleasure take her away.  Fingers slid into her hot wet pussy, her clit was
nibbled and sucked.  Higher and Higher she rose, until with a huge rush, she
exploded in Barbara's mouth, her juices flowing hard, ripping the biggest and
most powerful orgasm she ever had through her entire being.  Everything was
gone, only the overwhelming release and pleasure.  Her heart pounded in her
ears, her breath was hard and furious, her pussy screaming in pleasure, pissing
her juices all over Barbara.
	As she relaxed, she noticed Barbara not between her legs.  She looked
over and saw Hammond on all fours over Barbara, in a 69, licking her pussy, as
Barbara did the same.  Josie heard Barbara begin to moan in pleasure, rising on
and on.  Soon She was wailing in pleasure nearing here peak.  Josie watched
Hammond drive fingers deep into Barbara's willing pussy.  Her mouth replaced her
hand, working on her clit, keeping Barbara crying in pleasure.  Suddenly Josie
saw a dumbbell bar in Hammond's hand, as she drove it deep into Barbara's pussy,
hard and deep, pushing Barbara over the edge into freedom from her agony.  Then
the cries of pleasure turned to cries of pain and Hammond drove the bar harder
and deeper, Barbara scream in agony again, Josie cried in useless desperation,
Barbara called Josie's name...**


	"Josie......Josie.....Josie, sweetie, wake-up"
	Josie opened her eyes, and saw her mother standing in front of her at
the couch, she looked around and realized she was dreaming again.
	"You okay, You sounded like you were having a nightmare there, screaming
Barbara, Barbara."
	"Mmm, Huh, yea, Bad dream I guess.  Thanks."
	As her mom went back into the kitchen, Josie quietly began to cry.

	Josie tried to clear her head, and felt wet between her legs.  She had
cum in her clothes.  She shook with fear and embarrassment, hoping she wasn't
maturbating when her mother was here.  She grabbed her stuff and head upstairs
for a  shower.   She threw her stuff on the bed, and took off her clothes, threw
them in the hamper, and pulled on her bathrobe. 
	She glanced at the night stand, and turned towards the bathroom, when
she suddenly rushed over to the night stand and whipped open the drawer.  She
flipped open the book and read further into the story.  There in black and
white, was what just happened to her and Barbara.  Josie began to shake.  No,
she thought, its impossible.  How can it be.  She flipped back, and she saw that
her first 'dream' was there too.  She felt her groin through her pants,
remembering her shaved pussy. 
	"No, Nooo.  It can't be happening."  She threw the book on the bed,
grabbed a sweater and ran out the door, she had to see if Barbara was ok.
	As she ran down the stairs, she heard her mother call her.
	"Josie, what's the rush?"
	"I'll be right back Mom, I have to check something out."
	"What about dinner?"
	"I'll eat when I get back."
	"Ok, Sweety."




Chapter 3

** "Yes, my dear child, seek the truth.  I await your discoveries.  Come to me,
give me my freedom.  Bring me more, the bloodlust grows, and soon I shall have
my freedom, and you shall share it with me, yesssss!" **


	Lynda started back towards the kitchen, but her curiosity got the best
of her.  What could have gotten Josie all worked up like that.  She turned and
headed up the stairs.  Lynda looked into her daughter's room and saw the Book on
the bed, and, unlike herself, curiosity brought her snooping, something she has
never done before. For some reason, the urge to look was overwhelming.  She sat
on the bed and picked up the book, and  felt a shock, almost dropping it.  She
read some passages about the Witch Hunt.  Flipping through she read other parts
of history, coming upon some descriptions of punishments during the Witch Hunt. 
As she read, she felt herself getting horny, to her shock.  She put the book
back down, and left the room.
	She headed for her room, and sat on her bed, trying to remember what she
had come up here for.  Unconsciencely her hand wandered down to her leg, and
worked up her thigh until her skirt was pulled up to her waist, rubbing her
pussy.  Soon she was lying on her back, hands inside her panties, working up a
good pace, rubbing her clit, and driving a finger in and out of her hole, images
of being tied and fucked flashed through her mind 


	**She was lying on her back, naked, her Strawberry-blonde hair flailing
as she shook her head in passion and fervor.  Her hands danced magic over and in
her pussy, bring moans of pleasure to her lips.  Suddenly, she felt her arms
yanked back, and was dragged flat on the bed, spread-eagle.  Her sheet covered
her over, and began to encase itself to her and the bed, forming what seemed
like a vacuum seal.  Every curve, crease, and fold of her body was clearly seen,
only in the sheet.  Her nipples were still hard, her flat stomach rising and
falling as she tried to catch her breath, and her pussy felt like it was
smothered in an extremely tight pair of panties.  No part of her could move, not
even her fingers or toes,her mouth was even stuck shut, there was only enough
room for her chest to breath, barely.  Nor could she see.  She did, however,
hear something.  It sounded like, like.....a pair of scissors opening and
closing.   She tried to scream, but her mouth wouldn't open, so only a loud hum
escape her.  Suddenly she felt a hand on her foot.  She struggled to escape, but
she could move nothing.  She tried screaming for help, but nothing.
	The hand slid up her slim leg, just caressing her, and gently poked her
pussy, bringing a slight murmur from the captive.  The hand continued up her
stomach until it found her erect left nipple, and began to slowly circle it,
bringing a moan again.It then picked her nipple pulling up, before the sheet
came free from her skin.  A scrwiit sound, and a hole was cut in the sheet
around her nipple.  Another was done to her other nipple.  The caressing hand
worked back down to her pussy, and again, the scissors began to cut, cutting a
neat hole around her groin, just enough to free her outer lips.
	She felt cool air now on her nipples and pussy, and she was afraid.  She
jerked as she felt a moist tongue on her right nipple.  Even in her fear, she
was growing excited, which she had gotten from her own self-love.  Then the
other nipple, just as she finished moaning, a hard angry pain shot through her
right nipple, she loudly protested, but another pain to her left nipple was the
answer.  She cried in pain and horror.
	 Then she felt the tongue on her pussy, fingers spreading her lips,
allowing the tongue to slip into her hole.  She moaned in pain and pleasure.  
The tongue wiggled and teased her clit, bringing moans of pleasure to her
throat.  The pain in her nipples nearly forgotten, a dim throbbing.  Suddenly,
the tongue was gone and another sharp, excruciating pain ripped through her as
something was, this time, placed on her clit.  She struggled in agony and
despair.  The tongue and fingers played and licked her pussy hole, slowly, ever
so slowly, burying the pain.
	For several minutes she received licks and caresses around and in her
pussy.  Then that too stopped.  The pain began to work its way back to the
forefront of her senses, when suddenly her legs were free, only her legs, but
only a moment. Before she could react, hands grabbed her  left leg in a
steel-like grip and lifted and spread it, immediately cuffing it in a leather
shackle on her ankle, which was tied to the headboard.  Her right leg was done
the same, almost as quick.  She tried to free herself with kicks, but she barely
affected the powerful hands.  She felt something touch her pussy.  A cock, she
thought, a hard cock.  A hard wonderful cock.  Even in pain, and trapped, she
was still horny.  It teased the opening of her pussy, just barely entering her,
until her lips and his(?) cock were moist from her juices.  It paused a moment,
just touching her, then rammed deep inside her, the balls slamming into her ass. 
She screamed in pain, pleasure and shock.
	The cock began to piston slowly in and out of her, bringing moans from
her.  It pumped her full of cock, she felt so good, the pain all but gone, as
she locked into the wonderful pleasure her pussy received.  She soon climbed
close to an orgasm, tightening her muscles around that beautiful cock.  Then it
pulled out, in a rush.  She tried to scream her displeasure.
	She felt it again, but this time on her asshole.  Lynda was so horny for
cock, she almost forgot to protest the invasion, before it began driving into
her ass.  Her thin layer of cum just enough to let it slide in.  Without warning
or kindness, the cock rammed deep into her ass, bringing a howl of pain, and
surprising pleasure to the moaning woman.  It pumped in and out of her ass,
slowly at first, then gaining momentum, until it was driving as hard as it was
in her pussy.  She was gone.  Her pleasure senses screamed at her, she could
feel the waves mounting, as she scream her closed mouth screams of pleasure. 
Then, like before, just before her orgasm, it pulled out.  She groaned and moved
her groin towards the missing cock, hoping to find it.
	Fingers pulled on her nipples, practically driving her insane.  Then the
mouth bit her clit and pulled there too.  She screamed in agony and pleasure,
all the points of pain were adding to her waves of pleasure.  They were pulled
and twisted, teased and yanked.
	The mouth was off her clit, and the cock drove hard into her pussy a
moment later, her screams masking the wet slapping between her legs.  She raised
her ass as far as she could, the biggest, hardest most incredible orgasm ripping
through her.  Orgasm after orgasm struck her hard with each stroke of the cock,
and yank of her nipples.  Finally, after she went numb, her body went limp in
the restraints.  The pain was gone.
	The shackles were gone.
	The sheet was gone.
	It was the most intense, most explosive orgasms she had ever had. She
could still feel the effects, she wanted more, much more.	**


	**"Oh, yes.  More.  Give me more.  The sins of the flesh scream to me. 
The lust of the mind hound me in my prison.  Bring me my freedom, give me more,
more, mooooore!!!!"**		
	
	She came home shaking in fear.  Barbara was dead.  The police were all
over the school looking for the killer-rapist.  Josie was also scared.  Somehow
she was responsible, because of the damn book.  But how, how?
	"Sweety?  Is something wrong?" Lynda asked with worry in her voice.
	"Yes, something is...I...uhm," Josie faltered.
	"Josie? What?" she begged her daughter.
	"I got back from the school," she started slowly. "Barbara, she...she's
dead."
	"WHAT?!  But...how..." 
	"She was raped, beaten, and murdered, at the school," Josie choked out.
	Lynda looked at her with a stunned look then pulled her daughter close
in a hug.
	"I'm so sorry sweetie,"
	"I can't believe it, I was just with her at school today and then..."
Josie broke down.
	"I know, I know, its so confusing, so hard.  I'm here sweetie, I'm
here." Lynda whispered.
	She hugged her daughter tight, and cried with her.  She only wished she
could do more...
	After Josie calmed down, she thanked her mother, and said she was tired. 
She wanted to lie down.  Lynda agreed with her, saying rest would help.  Josie
rushed upstairs, picked up the book and breathed deep.  She slammed it shut, and
told herself that it has to go back to the library tomorrow.  She threw it
carelessly onto the floor in the corner, and stripped for bed.

	Lynda was shaking with disbelief.  Not only did she have a most
incredible dream, but her daughter's friend was dead.  She felt between her
legs, and wondered what the hell happened.  		

	**"Ah, the bloodlust begins anew.  Soon, my precious child, you shall be
mine.  We shall be glorious together.  The lust you feel is young, fresh, but
soon, oh yes, very soon, it will grow.  It will grow beyond you, and feed me,
bringing me my freedom.  Soon, yes, soon I shall have my freedom, and then I
shall have you for my own.  I feel the power now, but I need more, and you shall
bring it to me.  More, and more again, until I am bathing in it.  The lust in
you is powerful, and the bloodlust is stronger in me...Yesssss!  I shall soon be
free, and you will be mine!!"**

	The book glowing a light red, slowly fades back to its normal
appearance.  A slight crackling sound pierces the silence of Josie's room, but
unheard by her, as she has fallen into a deep sleep.




Chapter 4

	A week later, and three days after the wake and funeral for Barbara,
Josie and her mother went to the mall for a couple of hours of time together. 
They were at the jewelry store, admiring the necklaces, when Josie caught sight
of Jason and Laurie.  She caught her breath, both for surprise, and hunger in
her loins.  She knew she wanted Jason, but Laurie got to him for first, and she
was jealous.
	"Sweetie?" Lynda asked, catching her wanderlust look.
	"Oh, sorry.  I just saw a couple friends walk by."
	Lynda glanced up, and saw the friends.  They were a good looking couple,
holding hands, talking quietly as they walked.  They continued window shopping,
talking, giggling and just enjoying each other's company.

	Later that night, Josie lay in bed, unable to sleep.  She was naked, and
she let her hands wander over her body.  She had images of Jason swirling in her
mind, jealous of Laurie, wanting Jason for herself.  She felt herself growing
deeper and deeper into her lust as she slowly faded into sleep, her hand on her
shaven pussy...

	**She looked down at him.  he was gorgeous.  Firm chest, flat stomach,
muscular arms, and a long thick beautiful cock.  She kneeled between his legs,
which he spread for her, while lying on his back on the bed.  She raked her
nails up his thighs, working her hands to his cock.  She took his balls in one
hand, and his shaft in the other, gently caressing both.  She stroked his full
sack, while slowly and lightly pumping her hand over his cock.  Lost in her
passions, she began to lick the tip, bring a moan from him.  She engulfed his
cock in her mouth, quickly driving it deep into her mouth, hitting the back of
her throat, her gag reflex soon overcome.  She rocked her head up and down,
sucking hard and long with each upstroke, keeping him rock hard, while slowly
and gently tickling his balls with her fingernails.  She soon found a rhythm,
stroking with her hand, as she sucked and licked.  He grew more and more,
filling her hungry mouth with cock.  His breathing was rapid, moaning and
yelling, she felt him begin to shake.  She quickened and tightened her pace and
pressures, bringing him to a powerful orgasm, shooting a huge initial load into
her mouth, which she fought to swallow.  She sucked the tip, stroking the shaft,
as wad after wad shot into her mouth, allowing her to taste his bittersweet
nectar.  She relished it, loved it, she wanted more, she needed more.
	He rested a few moments while she lovingly licked and stroked his cock,
awaiting his strength  to return.
	He moved around, lying her on her back, and kissed her deeply, seeking
out her tongue with his, a firm but passionate kiss, bringing heat and desire to
the core of her being.  He slowly moved to her neck, kissing and gently sucking,
her moans filled the room.  His hands caressed her legs, as he took her left
nipple into his mouth, sucking it, nibbling it.  She was on fire with desire,
she wanted him like no other.  Her hands rubbed through his dark hair, as he
licked all around her breast.  She grasped his head, as his tongue flickered
over her right nipple, waves of passion rolled through her, a finger slid into
her slit, already wet and open.  She moaned and felt herself peak, his finger
stroked her clit and she ripped into her first orgasm. 
	Before she could recover, still moaning and shaking from the first
explosion, he quickly drove his cock into her pulsing pussy.  He sank to the
hilt, his balls on her ass, as she yelled for him to fuck her hard.  He began to
pump into her, slowly and softly at first, teasing her, making her crazy with
hunger for more.  Suddenly, on the down stroke he drove himself deep and hard,
then slowly pulled back, her hips slamming up into his.  Again and again, he
pistoned in hard, slowly recoiling.  She had a second and third orgasm, as she
screamed for him to fuck her hard and fast...fuck me fuck me, harder,
harder...before he began to piston into her with hard strong strokes, every
second or third stroke bringing cries of passion with each orgasm, each one
stronger and more powerful then the one before.  He pumped and pumped, driving
her to insanity, the world shrunk to her body, tearing itself apart in
incredible explosions of pleasure.  He began to stiffen, each stroke harder,
deeper, faster.  She felt his cock grow huge within her pussy.  She exploded
into the most excruciating, earth-shattering orgasm she had ever had, as he
fired his load, hard and deep into her.  Her whole being was centered on her
pussy, it screaming in pleasure, time stopped as she fell into the world of
ultimate bliss.**
	Her blankets were everywhere, her hair a mess, and she was soaked all
over in sweat, her pussy like a fountain, as she took her fingers out of her
pussy, and saw blood.  Her virginity was taken from her.  Stared at her blood in
shock.  She fell back, breathing hard and fast, her heart beating furiously, her
mind lost in reality, or was it a dream?  All was numb, except for aftershock
tingles within her pussy, as small lingering orgasms finished their work.


	**"I gave him to you, now, the bloodlust is mine" **


	"Who...?"  Josie sat bolt upright out of bed looking around, catching a
glimmer of red light to her right.
	"What the fuck?"  she growled, seeing the Book, lying on her table.  She
flew out of bed in sudden fear, her dreams and orgasms forgotten.
	"Who...how...Shit...No, no...This can't be, I got rid of that thing last
week."
	Josie grabbed the book, and dropped it when it shocked her.  She
suddenly felt strange, lightheaded.  She sat back down on the bed.  She rubbed
her hands on her head, trying to clear it.  What's going on, she wondered.  Why
is this happening to me?
	"Stop doing this to me.  Leave me alone!  Oh please, no more!"
	She cried out as the Book's red light grew brighter, and flashed bright
red...
	

	**Josie woke up to find herself in the forest.  Looking around, she
wondered how she got here.  She was sleeping on the ground, in her pajamas, pine
needles clinging to her hair and clothes.  She brushed her hair out of her face,
and got up.  Off to her left, she thought she heard something.  A chill ran
through her, fear rushing in.  She started walking towards the sound, and the
sound grew louder, beginning to form words. 
	"Get up bitch, time to pay for your crimes."
	"No, leave me alone..."
	Josie froze.  No.  Its Laurie.  She ran towards the voices, fear ripping
through her, with no clue as to what she would do to save her, but she knew she
had to try.  She rushed into a clearing, and found Laurie crouched on the ground
with two men over her.  The men were dressed in leather pants, shirt and boots. 
They wore masks of leather, covering their features.  Both had a large pouch on
a belt resting on their hip, and a whip wound up on the other.  One was all
black, the other all red. Laurie was dressed in a long t-shirt, and barefoot,
her long blonde hair in a tangled mess down her back.  A glint of metal told of
cuffs on her wrists and ankles.
	The two men turned and looked at Josie.  They're eyes were glowing a
piercing red.  She almost collapsed in terror.  Fighting the urge to freeze, she
turned and ran back from where she came.  In an instant, one of the men, in
black, was on her, dragging her to the ground.  Josie struggled, but she was
quickly overpowered by the man.  Kicking and flailing, she was dragged back to
the clearing.  Before she could react, she was shoved to the ground, him on top
of her.  His breath smelled of sulfur.  He pulled her arms behind her, and bound
them with cuffs.  She struggled harder, but he got cuffs on her ankles as well.
	Josie began to cry.  No, she thought, it can't be happening again.  I
got rid of it...I got rid of it.  She felt a chain being attached and locked to
her ankle cuffs.  Looking, she saw the chain was around a tree, and locked
tight...she was trapped.  Through her tears and fear, she looked up at Laurie,
and knew she had brought the terrified girl her doom through her jealousy, and
that damn book.  She cursed herself for ever finding it.
	Her captor returned to his partner.  They pulled Laurie to her feet, and
dragged her to a pair of trees, that were about 4 feet apart.  Laurie was
crying, and barely struggling in her fright.  Red got behind her, while black
held her tightly by the waist.  Red undid her wrist cuffs, and Laurie began to
swing her arms at black in front of her.  A hard slap stunned her for a moment,
causing her to cover her face with her arms.  Red grabbed her left arm, and
pulled it to the left tree, a rope was conveniently awaiting to be used.  He
tied her arm, then did the same to her right.  Laurie was standing in a cross
position, her arms outstretched, legs together due to the ankle cuffs.  Both
wrists were tied tightly, the back of her hands up against the bark of the
trees.  Josie screamed at them to let her go. They simply ignored her, and
continued their act of terror.
	Black took out a pair of shears from his pouch, and began to
unceremoniously cut off her long T-shirt, down the front.  Josie saw that Laurie
was naked underneath.  She must have been taken from bed, Josie thought.
	A couple more cuts at the shoulders, and Laurie's only protection was
ripped from her body.  Her naked body glistened with sweat, as sobs of  fear
shook her.  Both men grabbed a leg, undid the cuffs, and tied her ankles to
waiting ropes at the base of the tree.  Laurie was now totally open to the
world, her body trembling in terror to what await her.  She cried, babbling
incoherently now.  Pleas of freedom ignored. 
	Red began to gather Laurie's hair in the back, and without any care
began cutting it off, long locks of hair falling in heaps to the floor.  She
screamed in protest, begging to leave her hair alone.  When he was done, she had
an awful haircut, short and sloppy.  Her cries grew more frantic, she screamed
and twisted, trying to free herself, getting nowhere. 
	Red came around to the front, joining black.  They looked at their
handiwork, before turning to Josie.  She froze in unsettled terror.  Oh no, she
breathed, I'm next. 
	They approached her silently, and pulled her up to her feet.  She
struggled as best she could, knowing it was futile, screaming to let them go. 
Without warning they simply ripped the thin flannel material from her body,
first her shirt, then her pants.  She too, now, was naked.  Red went behind her,
and undid one wrist of  her handcuffs.  Josie tried to struggle, but her was
simply too strong.  She was pushed and pulled, until her back was against a
tree, and the cuffs were again locked on behind the tree.  A wide strap was
pulled around her middle, and stretched tight around the tree, effectively
locking her back hard against the rough and sharp bark.  Against her struggles,
they undid her ankle cuffs, and pulled her legs apart, exposing her shaven
pussy.  Josie screamed her protests on deaf ears.  They bent her knees back,
pulling her ankles up and around the tree, spreading her legs, once again,
exposing her pussy to the world.
	Josie screamed in protest, before a ball gag was forced into her mouth,
keeping her mouth wide open, but her screams quiet.  Both men began licking and
sucking her tits, and soon, Josie's body began to betray her.  Between her moans
of protest were moans of pleasure, which soon overcame her, to her dread. 
Suddenly, a sharp pain ripped through her left nipple, as an alligator clip was
fastened.  A clip followed quickly on her right nipple.  Josie struggled and
screamed.  Red crouched down in front of her, and began licking her clit.
	 No. No. No.  Oh please, not there, Josie pleaded within, screaming
without.
	A sharp pain stabbed into her pussy, as a clip was placed on her erect
clit.  Black began hooking a thin chain between her nipple clips, then a third
to her clit, then hung it over the nipple chain with a grommet, allowing the
clit chain to slide.  A few weights were attached to the clit chain, pulling it,
and her nipples down, and her clit up.  Never had she experienced such pain in
all her life.  Josie screamed as tears flowed freely down her cheeks. 
	A buzzing noise off to the side caught her attention, as she saw Red
bringing over a vibrator.  He showed it to her, and she squirmed in alarm.  It
vibrated and move up and down from its base, stretching the fake skin tight then
loose, repeatedly.  Although Josie knew she was afraid, she felt the vibrator
easily slide into her wet, willing pussy.  She shook from the intrusion, as he
seated the moving monster deep into her loins.  Some special straps held it
inside of her, releasing its powers upon her.  Before she began to feel its
effects fully, Black had pushed her head back against the tree, and strapped it
back, forcing her to look at Laurie, now crying and pleading with her head down,
her shabby hair wet with sweat.
	"Now, Chosen One, watch as we punish, and eliminate your competition for
you," Black whispered into her ear.  Josie looked at the black mask in terror. 
She tried to shake her head and scream NO, but she could barely do either.
	Now that Josie was safely secure and ready, the two men approached
Laurie.  Black went behind her, Red to the front.  They pulled the whips off
their belts and cracked them into the air, bringing a scream of fright from
Laurie.
	Red stepped up to her, and grabbed her chin, pulling her head up, to
look into his red glowing eyes.  "Now, you shall pay for your transgressions
against the Chosen One.  Your punishment shall proceed without stopping..."
	Josie heard the words, and thought, Chosen One...Me?  Why, How? 
transgressions?  Suddenly her previous dream exploded into her head.  OH NO. 
Jason.  I wanted Jason, but she....NOOOOOO!
	"...ending with your release to the Master."
	Red stepped back, and without warning both men shot the whip at Laurie's
exposed body, front and back, bringing howls of agony from the bound girl.  She
shook from the intensity, her lungs ripping scream after scream into the air, as
the whips tore into her soft young flesh.  Horrible red welts bursts on her
tits, stomach, legs, back, and ass .... CRRAAAACKKK!!!  CRRAAAACKKK!!! 
SCREAAAAAM!!!! CRRAAAACKKK!!!  CRRAAAACKKK!!!  HOOWWWWLLLL!!!!   CRRAAAACKKK!!! 
CRRAAAACKKK!!!  SCREAAAAAM!!!!...
	She screamed what seemed forever, as the whips marked her body,
continuously for several minutes.  When the men had stopped, her body was
covered with several dozen ugly, bleeding welts across her front and back. 
Laurie had passed out from the agony.  She no longer looked like a delicate
teen, but a bloody, battered,  piece of  flesh. tears soaked her face, her short
hair soaked in sweat, sticking to her face.  Hands and feet shook from the
shock, as if with minds of their own.
	The men dropped their whips to the ground, while Red broke a smelling
salt under her nose, bringing her back to this torturous world.  She immediately
screamed upon seeing where she was, realizing it was not a dream. A slap to the
face, quieted her down to mumbling cries.
	Josie watched in horror as they tore Laurie apart with the whips.  Even
in her terror, her pussy began to awaken, against her will.    As Laurie
received her lashing, Josie began to feel the building tension of an orgasm,
much to her revulsion.  Just as the men finished their work, she felt her first
orgasm, small but potent.   Josie shook, as her juices began leaking down her
thighs, her eyes in utter shock at her betrayal.  Immediately, her pussy began
reacting again to the vibrator, as her nipples and clit took on new feelings of
painful pleasure.
	Black took out a hammer and some nails, and came around to the front. 
Josie watched in total horror as he began to drive a nail through Laurie's left
hand into the tree.  Her screams began anew, showing no signs of weakening. 
Finishing, he moved over the right, and drove another nail through her other
hand, bringing more wails of agony.  Blood seeped from the wounds, slowly
dripping to the ground. 
	Josie was shaking into her second orgasm, finding Laurie's torture
beginning to appeal to her.  She tried to fight the feelings, but they grew
within her, turning her on more and more, as a third orgasm followed quickly
after the second, but with more force, and much more pleasure.  Her juices were
soaking her legs and dripping to the ground.
	They began to untie her legs.  Laurie tried to kick, but it was evident
her strength was giving out, slowly. Red lifted her left leg up and out to the
outside of the left tree, and pushed the top of her foot against the tree. 
Black drove a nail through the sole of her foot, into the tree.  Laurie howled
for mercy, before passing out again.  They finished by doing the same to her
right foot on the other side.  Her legs were spread painfully wide, all her
weight resting in her arms, with her pussy and ass exposed to the men.   Again
smelling salts were used to awaken her.
	As Laurie moaned in agony, her mind beginning to lose its grip on
reality, Josie tore into a fourth, mind numbing orgasm.  Josie needed to see
Laurie in pain.  All her inhibitions were gone.  Laurie's pain fed her lust. 
She wanted more.  The revulsion of her torture was gone, now all she wanted was
to see Laurie die, for taking Jason from her.
	Red took out a small thin riding crop, and crouching in front of Laurie,
began to whip her exposed pussy. Laurie, weakened, still found the strength to
wail as her groin was punished without mercy.  Black was now behind her, his
hands pulling and squeezing her tits.  A few moments later, Red stopped whipping
her, tossed down the crop, and began licking her pussy.
	At first Laurie didn't respond.  Soon, however, even in pain, her body
turned on her weakened state, and began to feel the lustful pleasure on her tits
and in her pussy.  She slowly began to moan, louder and longer.  Her weak voice
was hoarse, but it still sounded out. 
	Josie watched in agonizing anticipation, as she lost count of her
orgasms.  Her lust for blood and the torturous orgasm of the girl in front of
her flew her into the most powerful, earth-shattering orgasm she had ever felt. 
Her body exploded in unfathomable pleasure, every part of her being screaming
its awesome gratification. 
	She saw Laurie's throat being slit as both girls hit their orgasm
together, bringing screams from both, then all went black...**

	Josie woke up with a shock.  She was soaked in sweat, and her cum.  Her
blankets were everywhere, her bed sheets in shambles.  She felt her sore
nipples, red with marks from the clips.  Her clit was throbbing, while her pussy
leaked her juices freely, and also noticed red chaffing around her wrists and
ankles.  She bagan to panic, shaking in terror.  Her mind began to lose its
grasp on what was reality or dreams...or nightmares.  Josie broke down into a
terrified wail...

	
	Lynda went downstairs to find her daughter hadn't gotten up for school
yet.  She called up to her, recieving no response.  After making a pot of
coffee, she went upstairs to check up on her daughter.  She knocked at the
bedroom door, getting no call to enter, she opened the door, and looked inside.
	Josie was sleeping in her bed, naked, in what seemed like a deep sleep. 
Her blankets were scattered around, the sheets off.   She approached her
daughter, and gazed at the young woman approvingly.  She shook herself,
realizing what she was doing.  Why am I checking out my own daughter?  She could
almost visualize herself making love to this beautiful woman.  She forced the
images from her mind, and returned to reality, although she felt moist between
her legs.  She touched her to shake her awake, when Josie jumped up, awake with
wild eyes, looking rapidly around the room.  Immediately seeing her nakedness,
she pulled a blanket on her.
	"Mom?"
	"Shhhh, it's ok, you had a bad dream."
	"Huh, no I...it...they...Oh God, no..."
	"What...What is it Sweetie?  What's wrong?" Lynda asked fearfully.
	"I don't feel so good, I really feel like shit."  Josie moaned.
	Looking at her daughter's eyes, and noticed they looked like she hadn't
slept in days.  She looked pale and clammy.  A hand to the forehead showed she
was burning up.
	"OK, Sweetie, get some rest.  Looks like you got the flu." her Mom
stated matter of factly.
	"O..Ok Mom...NO, I can't...It..." Josie shuddered.
	"It what?"
	"I...I think I'm losing my mind!"
	"No, no.  That's just the dizziness from the fever.  Lie down, I'll get
you some medicine."
	Josie looked at her Mom's worried face, and decided it best to go along. 
She knew her Mom would never understand.
	"Yea, ok.  You're right... I'll just get some sleep."Josie said around a
yawn.
	"Maybe I should call the doctor, just in case."
	"Mmmm, yea,  doctor..." Josie mumbled as she slipped back into sleep.

	Lynda looked at her daughter with a worried frown.  What could be wrong
with her?  She never acted like this when she was sick before.  She turned to
leave, and noticed the book on the floor.  Visions of her sexual dreams flooded
her mind.  She looked back at her daughter, and a ghastly thought hit her. 
Could it be doing to Josie, what it did to her?  Josie slept soundly until the
next morning, not waking once to either reality nor dreams.




Chapter 5

	As Josie slept, her mother looked at the book, then down at her
daughter.  She looked so peaceful, so calm, and...beautiful.  She slowly sat
down on the bed next to her daughter, and looked at her some more, while the
book, unbeknownst to her, softly began to glow.  Lynda felt a stirring in her
loins.  Josie looked so good, so sexy.  She slowly slid the blanket down off of
her daughter, and admired her smooth and silky breasts.  She started to reach to
touch one, to feel the smooth flesh, to carress them,when suddenly the book slid
to the floor with a thud, scaring Lynda.  Looking down, she saw the book lying
on the floor, then back up at Josie.  She felt a pain in  her chest as
realization at what she was doing struck her.  She began to sob, and realizing
she might wake her, quickly covered her up, and took the book out with her, and
quickly rushed to her room.
	Lynda fell on her bed, and cried, humiliated and ashamed at what she had
done.  How could she possibly do something like that...to her own daughter!!! 
She sat up, angry with herself...and the book.  She opened it up, and started to
tear the pages out, when a sharp, tearing pain ripped through her, blinding her,
and throwing her to the floor.  She lay stunned on the floor, lost in the pain,
	Soon she recovered herself, and sat up, "What the fuck was that?"  she
exclaimed, almost too loudly.  She reached up to grab the book off the bed, when
a more powerful shock ripped through her, and she sank, passed out on the floor
with a thud.

	
	**"Lynda."
	"Slave," a raspy voice woke her.
	"You have committed a grave offense and are to be punished," the same
voice condemned her.
	She opened her eyes, and found herself in a strange room.  It had stone
walls, floor and ceiling.  The door was an iron gate, with thick bars vertically
in a frame.  She shook off the blanket, and felt little pricks around her naked
body.  Looking down on her bed, she saw her bed was now a mat of straw. She
closed her eyes a moment, shaking away the dream.  Opening her eyes, the scene
was still the same.  Then she noticed them.
	The first was dressed in black robes, with a black skullcap.  His eyes
were glowing red and piercing with a look of condescension towards her.  He had
a full graying beard, and mustache.  He held a paper in her had, which he was
reading.
	"...and due to the offense of attempting to destroy The Book of
Darganost, you shall be condemned to the rack, where correction of the whip, the
hot irons, and other forms of releasement, are to be your punishment.  You are
hereby sentenced to begin your correction now, in accordance with the laws of
Darganost."
	Lynda stared wide-eyed in shock at him.  An image of the book flashed
quickly through her mind.  "No, its just a dream, your not real, this isn't
real."
	"It is real, prisoner," he answered. "Your crime and your correction is
real. Guard, bring her."
	With that, he turned, his robes swirling around him, he left the room.
	She turned in shock to see the large hulking man, who was dressed in
dark leather, his face covered in a black hood, but red eyes could be seen
through the eye-holes, coming towards her.  She crawled away, her knees and
hands scrapping the stone floor.  He felt him approach, fast and hard.  She
turned to flail off his attacks, but was roughly grabbed by her wrists.  He
yanked her up, but she couldn't get her legs under her, a mixture of fear and
protest.  He spun her around, her legs scrapping on the rocky floor, and pushed
her face down, pulling her arms behind her back.  Rough iron shackles were
quickly locked onto her wrists.  He grabbed and squeezed her ass, pulling her
ass cheeks apart.  He jammed a thick finger into her ass, causing her to cry out
in pain.  He laughed and muttered something, then yanked her up.  Again she
refused to stand.  At that, he bodily picked her up, and threw her over his
shoulder like a sack of potatoes.  She began to kick and roll her body.  He
squeezed her harder and punched hard into the face, bringing a yelp of pain,
stunning her. Blood ran down her chin, from the nasty cuts on her lip and nose.
He roughly adjusted her onto his shoulder and left her cell.
	As she began to get over the shot to her face, she began to kick and
fight again, screaming for help.  He began to lose control of her, so he dropped
her fairly hard onto the stone corridor floor, and grabbed one of her legs,
while she was stunned from the drop.  He forced shackles onto her ankles, then
picked her up again, throwing her onto his shoulder with some force, knocking
the breath from her.  All this time he had said nothing.
	She cried in protest, weakly kicking and squirming, but his hold on her
was near crushing her abdomen to his shoulder.  Soon she heard voices echoing
towards her, then suddenly they turned a corner, and she heard and saw where all
the voices were coming from.  They were in a large room, with all stone walls,
which reached 20 feet into the air to a vaulted stone ceiling, chains and ropes
hanging down everywhere.  The floor was flat stone, black and stained in places
around the room.  On one side of the room was a set of benches, where men and
women dressed in black finery, all eyes glowing red, sat listening to the
black-robed man telling them of Lynda's fate.
	The hulking guard carried Lynda to a long table with a wide wooden
cylinder on one end, in which chains were wrapped around, the cylinder had a
larger wheel attached to one end.  On the opposite end of the table, manacles
were set into the corners with iron rivets.  He laid her down onto her stomach,
and released her hands from the shackles, then quickly flipped her over.  Before
she could protest, two other similarly dressed men grabbed her arms, pulled them
towards the cylinder, and locked her wrists into long, wide leather shackles,
which were attached to the chains.
	She began to scream, and kick, but they quickly grabbed her legs, and
undid her shackles, but replaced them with the manacles attached to the table. 
When they finished, they stepped away from her, and turned away, facing the
speaker.
	"And so it comes time for the correction to begin, a correction to end
this hideous urge to destroy the Darklord's book."
	"NOOOO!!! It was a mistake!! STOP this, please!" Lynda yelled begging.
	"We shall begin, by stretching the offender thereby exposing her flesh
to correction."
	"No, please.  I won't do it again, please, don't..."
	One of the guards approached the table, and began to turn the wheel,
loud clicking noises sounded as it turned locking it from turning back.  After
three turns, Lynda was stretched tightly, but not too painfully, yet.
	"Ple....please, Oh, it, it hurts. Stop, please"
	"Tighter, guard."
	He turned it about four more clicks, and Lynda could feel her joints
beginning to scream in protest.  She felt her whole body being pulled to its
limit, she could barely breath, her ribs pressing into her chest.  The ankle
manacles were cutting into her flesh.  Her breasts were elongated, and her
stomach was flat, low into her abdomen, stretched tight.  She could barely move
in any way. 
	"Pl...please...it...hurts.  I...can't...breath," she protested.
	She laid there, stretched for several minutes, her body screaming in
protest.  She gave up struggling as it caused more pain, but she continued to
moan in pain.
	"Now, one more block, guard."
	"No...No...I...can't...Aaaaaaaahhhhhh"
	The wheel turned about an inch or so, and clicked into place.  Lynda
felt her joints at their extreme limit.  She moaned softly as she could not get
more air into her lungs.  Her shoulders and hips felt on the edge of ripping
from their sockets.  Her stomach rose and fell in short quick gasps.  For what
seemed like hours, a mere minute passed, before she felt the pressure slowly
being released.  She cried in thanks for being released.  She quickly realized
thought that it wasn't ultimate freedom, only the loosening of the rack.  She
could now at least move a little, and breath in deep gulps of air.
	"The correction shall now continue with the whips.  First, she shall be
flogged."
	"WHAT?!?!  NO, oh no, you can't...."
	A guard came on each side of her, holding a short crop.
	"Begin"
	Without hesitation, they began to whip the breast on their side."
	She screamed in utter agony as blow after blow slashed her breasts,
sending ripples of searing fire through her chest.  For nearly a minute they
punished her breasts, until they were bright crimson, with spots of blood and
bruising beginning to form.  She cried for them to stop, it felt like she was
going to die from the pain, it was too much, and near the end of the torment,
she heard the sound cheering in the distance.  She prayed for unconscienceness
to free her from the pain, but it would not come.
	She cried as she heard him speak again, "And now, she shall be punished
on the buttocks, to prepare for the branding."
	She screamed and yelled, "Please!!!  No More, I...Can't...Oh god,
please...I'll leave the book a..alone." her voice quickly going hoarse.
	She felt the chains loosening, then the manacles were released from her
wrists and ankles.  She attempted to struggle, but her joints hurt too much to
put up much of a struggle. She continued to screamed for freedom, but no one
helped her. The guards lifted her from the table and took her to the ropes
hanging from the ceiling.  The ropes were tied tight around her wrists several
times holding her arms up and out over her head.  Her shoulders began to burn
from the positioning, and she cried in pain.  Her legs were tied together, as
she tried to kick at them, from the ankles to the thighs, so tightly she could
not move them apart at all.  Tears rolled down her face, mingling with the blood
from her mouth and nose, she tasted the salty mixture, and spit at the Speaker. 
He gave an evil smile, which caused her to shudder, and regret the spitting
almost immediately.  He slapped her hard across the face, the left side of her
face exploding in a blinding flash, throwing her head to the side, and blood
across the floor.  She hung her head in agony, as the pounding of her blood
echoed in her head.
	Her legs were attached to a rope to a ring in the floor.  She heard and
felt a crank lift her off her feet.  Hoarsely Lynda cried for help, as her arms
took her weight, shoulders burning beyond belief.  Through it all, she could not
pass out from the pain, something was not allowing her to do so.  They lifted
her about a foot off the floor, and let her hang for a moment in pain.  Her
chest and shoulders burned.  Moments later, she heard the guards approaching to
the sides, each holding a long whip. 
	"NOOOO, PLEEEEASE....NOOOOOOAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!" She screamed as the first
whip struck her right ass cheek, "AAAAAAH, NOOOOO,
I...EEEEEEAAAAAAAAOOOOOOOWWWW!!!"  Strike after strike ripped into her ass,
marking her with stripes of red and purple, she struggled to escape, until her
left shoulder gave a loud POP, and she thankfully passed out with a moan...
	Lynda woke up, he body a mass of burning pain.  She slowly opened her
eyes, and gave a hoarse cry, realizing she was still trapped in this nightmare. 
	"Oh, pleeeeease, no...no more, I...can't...I...oh god,...I
won't...t...touch...the...book again"  She moaned in pain.  Lynda felt herself
tied down again on the table, only this time her arms were chained directly to
the table,	and her legs were spread wide, up and to the sides of her,
exposing her pussy and ass to the world.  Her shoulder was screaming at her in
agonizing protest, Her tits and ass burned as if on fire, and her breathing was
difficult.  Tears no longer flowed, and the blood was dried and crusted on her
face.
	Looking down between her legs she saw a raised pedestal glowing in
reddish-orange, black smoke rising up to the ceiling, past the end of the table. 
Lynda moaned through cracked lips, trying, again so unsuccessfully for help or
freedom as her throat burned from all her screaming.
	The Speaker appeared in front of her, "And for the final stage of the
forsaken's punishment, the branding, then finally, the torture rings shall be
placed upon her."
	Lynda cried and moaned, awaiting her fate.
	One of the guards, his eyes a menacing red, approached the pedestal and
picked up a long branding iron, glowing hot, flames dancing one last time upon
the end.  He stepped towards her, and without ceremony, slammed into her left
ass cheek.  A howl of utter piercing agony ripped through the air, as if all the
wolves of the world came into chorus, blood spewing forth from the victims
mouth, as her vocal cords were thrashed with a vengeance of sound, ending with a
slumping form lying upon the table.
	Lynda again awoke to find herself still tied in the same position, and
felt new burning pain on her clit and tits.  She weakly lifted her head, to look
at her body.  She cried as she scanned her beaten and torn body, blood, slashes,
bruises and...black rings pierced through her nipples., Small thin and delicate,
they hung from her damaged nipples, dangling, almost as if laughing at her.  She
peered down between her upraised legs, and just caught the edge of something
black, presumably piercing her clit, as the pain there was the obvious hint to
its location. She tried to speak, but coughed instead, sending flecks of blood
from her mouth.  She croaked a weak help, which burned her throat.  Swallowing
painfully, her gaze was attracted up in front of her to an approaching figure. 
She rasped a gasp when she saw the man(?) with the glowing eyes who ordered her
punishment standing before her.  She hung in utter defeat, burning in pain and
exhausting, all of her body begging for it to end.
	"Now, Lynda R-, you have been warned!"
	WARNED?!?!, her mind screamed, unable to comprehend the impossible
connection.
	"...from now on will be under command to serve the Darklord Dargonoth,
as he so desires.  You will know when he calls upon you."  Lynda's mind reeled
in confusion and terror, "and you will obey, or face the most painful
re-instruction you have ever had in your pitiful, weak-minded life.  Those rings
upon your body will burn you if you disobey, but...also, they will bring you
absolute pleasure if you obey.  Let me demostrate...Stand up, now."
	Lynda looked at him in wide-eyed bewilderment.  How could she stand up,
she was restrained to this fucking table.  Without bothering to try, she hung
there, miserable and defeated.  Without warning, her tits and pussy felt like
the fires of hell ripped through them, causing her to stiffen in her bounds and
bringing a raspy, hoarse and bloody scream from her.  She collapsed a moment
after it ended, head hanging weakly.
	"Look at me," he ordered her.
	Weakly she lifted her head to look at his red demonic eyes.  Suddenly,
she began to feel pleasurable touches to her nipples and clit.  It grew in
intensity, small orgasms rolling through her.  The pleasure built up, climbing,
growing, until finally she felt her body explode in an incredible orgasm, her
juices shooting from her, splattering the table and floor.  She shook in
awestruck ecstasy as another wave rocked her mind, bringing her to another peak
she had never attained in her life.  She collapsed in total and delectable
exhaustion, forgetting all about the pain she had endured.  She shook one last
time, one last aftershock of pleasure, before she passed out...**


	Lynda woke with a shudder and a cry as pain shot immediately through her
body.  She was on the floor, and her ass, tits, and pussy were on fire.  She
began to cry as the images of her torment rolled through her mind.  She crawled
to her knees, every part of her in protest, eventually climging up to her feet,
unsteadily.  She felt her self, and discovered that something was attached to
her clit.  Slowly looking down, a midnight black ring was pierced into each
nipple, and one on her clit.  She pulled the clit ring, and swooned from the
pain.  Remembering the branding, she touch her ass, and felt the deep etching of
the mark upon her left cheek.  She cried again as she tried to rush to the full
length mirror.  Lynda looked at her mutilated body, and turned to look at her
ass.  She saw two symbols burned into her ass.  Her face looked normal, actually
her body looked normal except for the adornments and the branding. 
	She tried to remember what was said, but her mind was in a fog, she
could not grasp any details, but she knew, the proof stared at her in the
mirror, that it was real.  She gingerly walked over to the book, and picked it
up, almost expecting to be shocked again, but nothing happened.
	"Oh god...Ow" her voice sounded retched, making her stop speaking.  She
walked over to her closet, and moving stuff aside in the back, she buried the
book under boxes and clothes, then closed the door.  She felt extremely weak,
and forgetting about doing anything else for now, she shambled to her bed, and
collapsed upon it, practically asleep before hitting it.

	The following morning, Josie awoke, and with a start, began to cry. 
Memories rushed back into her mind.  She picked up the phone and called Laurie's
house, but there was no answer.  She panicked, and jumped out of bed.  She
barely remembered she was naked, before putting on a robe, then rushed out of
her room, to her mother's room.  She knocked but there was no answer. 
Nervously, she opened the door, and looked inside.  She saw her mother's clothes
scattered on the floor, then her mother's sleeping form on the bed, lying
askance, as if she had collapsed or fell.  Something caught her eye, freezing
her to the spot, her mother's ass had a brand on it.  She stood in stark terror. 
She thought a million things at once, then turned around and rushed back to her
room, and scanned the floor. Not seeing what she was looking for, she rifled
through all her drawers, clothes, books, jewelry, combs, brushes, and other
things were thrown around in her hectic search.  She stripped the bed, tore
apart her closet, but not finding where her the book was, she collapsed on the
floor in tears, shaking in terror.  She wailed miserably, afraid of what she had
done. 
	She slowly regained some composure, and weakly stood, shaking herself to
reality, or whatever it was she was in.  She thought to herself, that something
had to be done, but what...what...
	Josie walked out of her room, and back to her mother's, entering
quietly, and approaching her mother's sleeping form, shook her awake.  At first
she did not react, but then after a couple of soft calls, and another shake or
two, Lynda woke up.  She turned around, oblivious to her nakedness and looked at
her daughter with sleep fogged eyes.  She saw her daughter's eyes grow big, as
if she had seen a ghost, blood drain from her face, wobble, and slump to the
floor with a crash.

	Lynda carried a glass of water into her room, and set in on the bed
stand.  She sat on the bed, and gently brushed hair out of her daughter's face. 
Josie looked so peaceful right now, as if nothing was wrong.  Lynda fought back
tears, and looked away.  While trying to compose herself, she felt a hand on her
arm.
	"Mom?"
	Lynda turned back to face her daughter, as a tear rolled down her face. 
She looked into Josie's eyes, and nodded, giving a look that she knew what was
wrong.
	"OH Mom...!" Josie wailed, sitting up and hugging her mother with all
her life.  Lynda hugged her back, tightly and lovingly.
	"Shhh," as she tried to comfort her.  She didn't know what to do or say,
she was afraid of what terrors her daughter had faced, before she discovered the
truth of the book.  As she hugged her, a thought came to mind, and it made her
shudder inside, but she immediately accepted it, and gained strength from it.
	"Honey," she whispered.  "I know, I know, but please listen, ok."
	Josie, letting go, raised her tearstained face to look at her mother.
	"I think I know what has to be done, but to be safe, I want you to go to
your Aunt and Uncle's house for a few days, so I can take care of it."
	"But...but, what..." Lynda stopped her with a gentle finger to her
daughter's lips. 
	"I want you to be safe, I want this to end, for you and for me.  I don't
think anyone can help us with this, so I have an idea that might take care of
it, ok honey."
	Josie started to say something, but thought better of it.  She was
scared, confused and unable to think.  She had always trusted and loved her
mother.  Why should she stop now?  so she slowly nodded in agreement.
	"Ok, I've already called Aunt Sarah, and although she'll be gone a
couple days and Uncle Tom is on a business trip for the week, she said it would
be fine.  Jen is home for the week from college, and she said she would be glad
to spend time with you."
	"With a slight feeling of relief, she sighed, and hugged her mother
again, "I love you Mom."
	Lynda hugged her tightly, "I Love you too, sweety."




Chapter 6

	Later that day, Josie felt a whole lot better, as if nothing was wrong. 
The two of them even joked around a bit, as they packed some clothes and things
for her trip to her Aunt Sarah's house.  A couple times Josie wanted to ask what
her mother was going to do, but decided not to, not wanting to spoil the little
time they had, that was actually going good.
	A couple hours later, Josie was at her Aunt's house, and Jen and her
brother Tommy greeted her at the door.  Jen was 20, and was going to college for
nursing.  She was small, only 5'3, 100 pounds, with short black hair.  She liked
to wear loose clothing all the time, seemingly to hide her small frame.  Jen was
shy at times, but was outgoing when she knew you, and Josie enjoyed being with
her.  They both liked a lot of the same things.
	Tommy was 17, and a sports fanatic.  He played several sports, and was
in great shape.  With a 5'10 frame supporting his athletic 190 pound build, he
was a good looking guy, so Josie, and several other girls thought. He did at
times have an attitude, acting as if he were the king of the mountain, but he
was a good guy, most of the time. 
	Jen helped Josie unpack in the guest room, and they spent time talking
and laughing over past times together.  Tommy took off to a friend's house for
the night, so the girls had the house to themselves.  As evening approached,
Josie started to get anxious, she did not want to go to sleep, afraid of the
dreams/nightmares.  Once or twice, she almost told Jen about them, but something
changed her mind.  They played games, and talked, until around 10pm, when Jen,
in a half-serious/half-joking way, suggested they get something to drink, to
help them relax.  Josie was about to say no, but laughingly agreed, thinking why
not.
	The girls headed into the rec room in the basement and found a bottle of
rum in the wet bar, and mixing it with Coke, starting drinking.  Soon, the two
young girls were giggling drunks.  Jen, in a drunken haze, said she wanted to
show Josie something, but then, in a moment of soberness, said forget it.  Josie
pressed her, and in the haze of the booze, she agreed, giggling at how Josie was
going to be shocked.  Jen stood up, and turning on the stereo, finding a station
she wanted, began to slowly dance erotically.
	Josie sat on the couch, staring at her in a drunken stupor, wondering
aloud what the hell she was doing.  She watched Jen pull off her blouse,
revealing small breasts in a lacy bra.  She danced around some more, giggling,
before sliding off her pants.  She stopped in a moment of thought, grabbed her
glass and downed the rest of the booze.  Before she could change her mind, she
pulled down her panties, and Josie gasped in shock.  She was looking at Jen, in
lost comprehension.  She had a penis!
	Her mouth worked, but no words came out, she did not know what to say,
as she watched Jen dance around, almost as if she had forgotten her cousin was
there.  She watched her begin to stroke her penis, and saw it grow, not very
big, but still, on a woman?!  It grew to about 5 inches, and maybe three inches
in diameter.  Josie became fascinated, and suddenly felt her loins getting warm. 
	Jen worked her way over to Josie, undid her bra, and threw it to the
floor.  Josie felt an odd sensation as her cousin approach.  She wanted to touch
it. She watched Jen sit on the coffee table in front of her, lean forward, and
before she could react, plant a deep, passionate kiss on her mouth.
	Josie felt her pussy react to it, she really wanted this.  Before her
better judgment took over, she reached out and touched the penis between her
legs, and slowly began to stroke it. Jen's kiss became more passionate, as her
hands began to explore Josie's body.  She stroked the small cock up and down,
bringing low moans from her cousin.  She reached down to stroke her balls, but
found they were very tiny, but she also found a pussy.  She opened her eyes to
look at Jen in shock, but the passion closed them again, and she began to return
the kiss, her body becoming hot.  Before she knew it, she was down on her knees,
taking the cock in her mouth. 
	Jen leaned back on her hands, head thrown back, legs spread, enjoying
what her virgin body had been begging for.  She felt the hot wet mouth of Josie
engulf her small penis, and a finger slowly slide in to her pussy.  In a few
moments, she cried out in ecstasy as her pussy burned in orgasm. She shook
slightly as the waves of  pleasure rolled through her.  She began to fondle her
small tits, her tiny nipples erect in passion, as she felt another orgasm
approaching.  As her passion grew, and the peak was nearly upon her, she heard
someone yell out, "What the fuck?!"
	She stiffened in shock, her mind quickly sobering up.  She opened her
eyes and looked over, and gasped as she saw her brother with two of his friends
standing at the bottom of the stairs gazing at the two girls mouths agape.  She
felt Josie stiffen, and pull away from her.  She glanced at Josie, and saw a
look of fright, as the blood drained from her face.  She tried to cover her
cock, but the damage was done, her secret was out.
	"What the fuck are you two doing?  And what the fuck is that between
your legs?"
	She stared at her brother in shock, unable to comprehend the situation. 
Slowly she looked back at Josie, then back at her brother.  She got angry, her
fear and embarrassment gone.
	"Get the hell out of here, it's none of your fucking business!" she
yelled. 
	"Bullshit.  It's none of my business my sister has a cock, and is in the
middle of fucking my cousin?!  Where the fuck did that come from?"
	"GET OUT!!!"
	The three friends talked in whispered for a few seconds.  "No.  We want
to watch you two fuck.  You're so deep into it, why don't ya finish it.  We
don't mind.  Besides, Eddy here, always wanted to know what you looked like
under those damn baggy clothes of yours.  And hell, I bet Josie is a looker
too!"
	"FUCK YOU ASSHOLES!!  GET THE FUCK OUT!!"
	"Nope.  If you don't fuck, Mom and Dad'll know what you two were doing
down here, and won't they be pissed, including Aunty Lynda."
	Shit, Jen whispered to herself.  She looked at Josie, who looked ready
to bolt.  Tears rolled down her wide open eyes, as they stared at her.  'Please,
no', those eyes begged.  She didn't know what to do.  She couldn't do this, not
to Josie, and not to herself.  Not in front of them anyway. 
	"Josie," she whispered.
	She shook her head, "No, please no." she whispered in answer.
	"We...we can't."
	"OK, fine.  When Mom gets home, She'll know what you were doing.  And
Eddy and Roger, I don't know if they can keep the secret of your...your dick
very long, can you guys?"
	"Come on...we were drinking, and it got out of control.  Give us a
fuckin' break, will ya."
	"Have it your way.  See ya."
	As they turned to go, they heard Josie say, "No, wait."
	"What?" Jen blurted out in surprise.
	Josie couldn't see damaging anyone else.  She hoped this was a dream,
but no, it WAS real.  She couldn't have her own cousin's life destroyed because
of this.  She stiffened her back, and looked at the three men, who looked back
at her with interest.
	"Do...do you promise never to tell anyone, never?"
	They looked at her in surprise.  They did not actually expect them to do
it.  Jen's face went white.
	"Josie, what are you saying?"  She asked her cousin.
	"I can't let them do that to you, I can't."  cried Josie.
	In chorus, the three friends answered, "promise."
	Jen sat, unable to say anything.  She felt Josie's hands move her own,
and slowly lower herself onto her cock again.  At first she did not react, but
soon, her passion and the booze still in her began to take over.  She moaned in
pleasure, and in several minutes again peaked into orgasm.  Without, thinking,
she pulled Josie up, and kissed her, and slowly pulled her shirt off, exposing
large breasts, trapped under a white bra.  She continued kissing her, as she
reached back, and released the clasp, and worked it off of her younger cousin,
releasing large smooth breasts and pink nipples.  She slid down and began to
lick the left nipple, then sucked it into her mouth.  She felt and heard Josie
sigh.  Peaking up, she saw her eyes were closed, a look of near contentment on
her face.  She slid her tongue around the nipple, her hands stroking Josie's
sides, raising goosebumps.  Jen worked her way over to the right breast, as her
hands undid Josie's pants, and slid a hand into her panties, and felt her smooth
wet pussy.  Josie shuddered at the touch, and caressed Jen's breasts.  Slowly,
Jen kissed her way down her body, pulling Josie's pants and panties down.  She
reached her pussy and slid her tongue up and down the middle of her pussy,
bringing a moan of pleasure from her. 
	While the girls slowly worked their passions, the guys sat down around
the couch and table, watching, their cocks hard in their pants.  They watched
with fascination and lust in their eyes, occasionally a hand slipping down to
stroke their hidden cocks.
	Jen had gently pushed Josie down onto the couch, and began to suck on
her clit, while sliding a finger into her pussy.  Her moans grew into gasps and
heavy breathing as her wet pussy reacted to the stimuli.  In a few minutes,
Josie arched her back, and cried out as her first orgasm shook her.  Another
finger joined the first, and soon, another orgasm rolled through her.  Jen spun
herself around into a sixty-nine position on top of her, and they both began to
suck, lick and work fingers, until both were loudly moaning and crying in
orgasms.  Josie sucked on her cock, and fucked her pussy with her fingers, until
Jen screamed in double orgasm, her cock shooting a dribble of cum, as her pussy
flowed hard.  She collapsed  on top of Josie, both breathing hard in pleasure
and contentment.
	In their fog, they heard clapping in the background.
	"Bravo, bravo!  Now time for the encore."
	Jen shot her head up. "What?" she asked, looking at three naked men. 
"Oh, no you don't.  We did what you wanted, now fuck off."
	"Change of plans.  We want you two to suck us off.  We're all hot and
bothered now."
	Josie stirred from her pleasure, and stared at the three hard cocks. 
Her pussy reacted.  She wanted those cocks, now.  She slid out from under Jen
and immediately pulled Tommy's cock into her mouth.  She sucked his cock until
it was rock hard, stroking his balls, bringing moans from him.  She stopped, and
looked up at him, and said simply, "fuck me."
	With a look of surprise, he watched Josie spin around, offering her ass
to him.  In a moments thought, he was on his knees, sliding his hard cock into
her pussy.
	"Oh man, she's a virgin," he grunted, as he slowly pierced her hymen,
bringing a cry from her, but she started to rock back onto his cock, slowly
working up a tempo with him matching it.  She screamed and yelled in pleasure as
stroke after stroke drove her towards and orgasm.
	As Tommy and Josie fucked, Eddy and Roger looked expectantly at Jen. 
Jen froze like a deer in headlights.  Slowly she shook her head, but they
wouldn't hear it.  Their cocks were in charge now.  They grabbed her, spinning
her onto her stomach on the couch, and lifted her onto her hands and knees.  She
struggled, but lost the battle as they both were much too strong for her.  One
cock roughly pierced her virgin pussy, tearing her hymen, bringing a howl of
pain from her, as the other forced his cock into her mouth.  She bit down, and
Roger screamed in pain, pulling out and slapping her hard in the face, stunning
her.  Before she knew what was happening,  She was spun around, and when they
sat her down onto Eddy's lap, he forced his cock into her ass, as Roger
clambered in front, and drove his cock into her pussy.  She screamed in agony as
both her holes were pumped hard, her ass bleeding from the quick intrusion, and
her virginity lost, in a quick ugly way.  They fucked her hard and quick, Eddy
shooting his load up her ass, followed soon after by Roger in her pussy.  Roger
climbed up, and Jen rolled off of Eddy, crying in pain and anguish over being
raped.  She was near hysterics at this point.
	Josie looked over a Jen, and for a moment felt for her, but then, she
didn't care, it made her more horny watching her get raped like that.  She felt
her peak near, and Tommy's strokes getting quicker, his breath and moans louder
and harder.  She cried out in orgasm just as he exploded into her, both
collapsing onto the floor.  She felt awesome, never feeling like this before,
except...
	Josie broke down and cried.




Chapter 7

	After she dropped Josie off, Lynda headed home to start her plans on how
to eliminate the book.  The rings on her clit and nipples reminded her
constantly of its existence.  When she arrived home, Lynda ran to her room, dug
through the closet, and found the book.  She instantly dropped it, as she
noticed its lettering was glowing an angry red.  Noticing nothing happening to
her, Lynda picked it up again.  She wrapped it in a towel from the bathroom, and
went down into the basement.  Digging out a can of lighter fluid, then went up
into the den, towards the fireplace.  She threw the book and towel in, and
poured lighter fluid all over it.  She struck up a match and tossed it in.  As
soon as the towel caught fire, Lynda felt her tits and pussy explode in
impossible pain.  Lynda collapsed in a heap on the floor crying in pain.  She
tried to get to the book, but the pain wrack her body, she could not get up. 
She thought she was going to die. Lynda ripped through her shirt and bra, and
tried to pull the rings off, but only managed to add more pain to the burning. 
She reached towards the book, and burned her hand, pulling away just as the pain
overwhelmed her, moaning 'No, no...please nooooo...", passing out on the floor.


	**She woke in a stone walled, empty room, her arms outstretched above
her, and legs spread, suspended in the air. The only thing in the room was a
fire pit.  Lynda stared at it in fear, panic beginning to overcome her.  Her
cries of help went unanswered. The tattered clothes were still on her, but her
breasts were exposed from ripping the shirt and bra.  A man naked, except for a
black and red-trimmed cloak entered the room, and came right at her.  His eyes
glowed a fiery red, his body was strong, and in awesome shape.  He towered over
her, standing some 6'5, and stared at her in the face.  His cock was huge, and
rock hard.  It had to be 12 inches long, and at least 6-7 inches in diameter. 
He slapped her hard across the face, her face burning from the impact, and blood
pooled in her mouth.
	"You DARE to attempt to destroy the Book of Darganoth?!?! You shall be
punished for you ignorance.  Punished beyond anything you have ever known
before." He bellowed slapping her hard across the face again, throwing her head
back, then punching her hard in the stomach, knocking the breath of her.
	He went over to a fire pit, and picked up the flaming whip.  She started
to scream for mercy. He walked up to her, and without a word, began to tear into
her with the whip.  Her clothes immediately caught fire, burning her, bringing
screams of agony from her.  The whip ripped her flesh apart, as stroke after
stroke tore into her.  He whipped her for nearly an hour, never stopping, never
tiring.  She screamed and howled, as her clothes burned and her flesh was torn
from her body, blow after blow until, finally, after what seemed an eternity, he
stopped.  She never passed out, he didn't let her.  She was a bloody mess, burnt
fabric, hair and skin hung from her.  She could hardly breath.  Her screams died
a long time ago, as her lungs and throat were wrecked from all the yelling. 
Lynda hung, barely conscience, as all her nerves were on fire.  She wished she
could die.  She felt something touch between her legs, then drive deep into her
pussy before she could make a sound in protest.  Her eyes flew open, and felt
and saw him up against her, his monstrous cock buried deep within her.  She
screamed, bringing blood up, in agony as his cock felt like it was on fire.  Her
innards felt like they were burning up.  He wrapped his huge muscled arms around
her, and fucked her hard and deep, every stroke bring more pain to her insides. 
She felt no pleasure in this sexual torture.  After several minutes of the
agonizing pumping of his cock, he shot his load into her, and she felt her pussy
burn in explosive fiery pain.  She thought he had put fire into her, it burned
so much.  She shook, her detroyed body dripping blood and ichor to the floor, as
her pulled his still rock hard cock out of her with a pop.  She screamed a
nearly silent, bloody scream, as his supposed cum burn apart her insides, until
the blessing of unconscienceness too her.

	Lynda woke, and found herself in the same room, in the same position,
exactly like the first time. Lynda looked around in panic.  The tattered clothes
were on her again, her breasts exposed like before.  When the man in the cloak
entered the room, she screamed in pitiful begging, realizing she was going to
relive her punishment.
	"You DARE to attempt to destroy the Book of Darganoth?!?! You shall be
punished for you ignorance.  Punished beyond anything you have ever known
before." He bellowed slapping her hard across the face, throwing her head back,
then punching her hard in the stomach, knocking the breath of her.
	He went over to a fire pit, and picked up the flaming whip.  She started
to scream for mercy. He walked up to her, and without a word, began to tear into
her with the whip.  Her clothes immediately caught fire, burning her, bringing
screams of agony from her.  The whip ripped her flesh apart, as stroke after
stroke tore into her.  He whipped her for nearly an hour, never stopping, never
tiring.  She screamed and howled, as her clothes burned and her flesh was torn
from her body, blow after blow until, finally, after what seemed an eternity, he
stopped.  She never passed out, he didn't let her.  She was a bloody mess, burnt
fabric, hair and skin hung from her.  She could hardly breath.  Her screams died
a long time ago, as her lungs and throat were wrecked from all the yelling. 
Lynda hung, barely conscience, as all her nerves were on fire.  She wished she
could die.  She felt something touch between her legs, then drive deep into her
pussy before she could make a sound in protest.  Her eyes flew open, and felt
and saw him up against her, his monstrous cock buried deep within her.  She
screamed, bringing blood up in agony as his cock felt like it was on fire.  Her
innards felt like they were burning up.  He wrapped his huge muscled arms around
her, and fucked her hard and deep, every stroke bring more pain to her insides. 
She felt no pleasure in this sexual torture.  After several minutes of the
agonizing pumping of his cock, he shot his load into her, and she felt her pussy
burn in explosive fiery pain.  She thought he had put fire into her, it burned
so much.  She shook, her detroyed body dripping blood and ichor to the floor, as
her pulled his still rock hard cock out of her with a pop.  She screamed a
barely silent, bloody scream as his supposed cum burn apart her insides, until
the blessing of unconscienceness too her.


	Lynda woke, and found herself in the same room, in the same position,
exactly like the first and second time. Lynda looked around in panic.  The
tattered clothes were on her again, her breasts exposed like before.  When the
man in the cloak entered the room, she screamed, realizing she was going to
relive her punishment, again and again.
	"You DARE to attempt to destroy the Book of Darganoth?!?! You shall be
punished for you ignorance.  Punished beyond anything you have ever known
before." He bellowed slapping her hard across the face, throwing her head back,
then punching her hard in the stomach, knocking the breath of her.
	He went over to a fire pit, and picked up the flaming whip.  She started
to scream for mercy. He walked up to her, and without a word, began to tear into
her with the whip.  Her clothes immediately caught fire, burning her, bringing
screams of agony from her.  The whip ripped her flesh apart, as stroke after
stroke tore into her.  He whipped her for nearly an hour, never stopping, never
tiring.  She screamed and howled, as her clothes burned and her flesh was torn
from her body, blow after blow until, finally, after what seemed an eternity, he
stopped.  She never passed out, he didn't let her.  She was a bloody mess, burnt
fabric, hair and skin hung from her.  She could hardly breath.  Her screams died
a long time ago, as her lungs and throat were wrecked from all the yelling. 
Lynda hung, barely conscience, as all her nerves were on fire.  She wished she
could die. She anticipated his cock, but it did nothing to relieve the pain it
caused, then felt it drive deep into her pussy.  She screamed, bringing blood
up, in agony as his cock felt like it was on fire.  Her innards felt like they
were burning up.  He wrapped his huge muscled arms around her, and fucked her
hard and deep, every stroke bring more pain to her insides.  She felt no
pleasure in this sexual torture.  After several minutes of the agonizing pumping
of his cock, he shot his load into her, and she felt her pussy burn in explosive
fiery pain.  She thought he had put fire into her, it burned so much.  She
shook, her detroyed body dripping blood and ichor to the floor, as her pulled
his still rock hard cock out of her with a pop.  She screamed a barely silent,
bloody scream, as his supposed cum burn apart her insides, until the blessing of
unconscienceness too her.

	Six more times she was punished. 
	After the ninth time, the pattern was broken.  He told her she was going
to perform the deeds for Lord Darganoth, in the most wretched, dispicable, and
soul-detroying way possible.  He laughed at her, spit on her, and left the room. 
Lynda passed out in agony..**

	She woke up with a scream in her den.  She looked around in horrified
panic.  She felt every nerve in her body on fire, and could barely move.  She
cried for nearly a half-hour lying on the floor, staring at the book, unscathed,
belittling her.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Darkeagle


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





