BDSM Library - C the Fighting Slave Wins Freedom




C the Fighting Slave Wins Freedom
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: C, TFS, meets more than her match in The Arena, gaining her freedom the hard way.
The following totally fictitious writings of Faibhar are intended for the sole
readership of those of LEGAL AGE. The ADULT ONLY material contained within is
also for personal use only where local standards permit scenes of extreme
violence, torture and sex. Please do not read further if any of these subjects
offend, or if you are not of legal age.

The following is for your sole enjoyment and your cooperation in not using the
material in any other application without the express permission of the author
is requested.

Thank you.

Faibhar


C the Fighting Slave Wins Freedon


Pandemonium erupted in the warehouse as spectators heard Mistress Shara's shrill
cry and the report from the encrusted whip as it cracked toward the Amazonian
slave. The fight began. Tiny slivers of glass sprayed as the coated leather
snapped at the floor. A few fight aficionados remarked that this catwoman's
renown as a kick boxer probably explained her fleet feet despite the stiletto
heels she wore. Few were surprised that the mistress was the aggressor. Like a
snake striking at its victim, the whip struck high through the air toward C's
face.

C reflexively held up both hands. Her swiftness matched that of the leather and
caught the whip. The impact shocked more than hurt. She quickly let go but not
before torrents of bloody raging rivers gushed from between each finger.
Disbelievingly, C staggered back from the blow. As she did, she wiped the cut
hands on her thighs. Blood mixed with oil and smeared the defined quads. She
smeared them again over the first and last letters of her large tattoo. As if to
confirm what she already knew, C held up the palms to her face. A deep cut
issued more blood from both hands.

Making her own war cry, C charged Shara. The clad woman ducked and then stood as
the slave flew over. "Agggggh...RRGH," C tucked her body tighter as she saw her
legs flail the air above her. She landed on both feet but Shara was ready. The
whip hissed lower. C jumped in time and her legs were spared. Coiling again, she
somersaulted toward the mistress. Too close for Shara to swing again, C ripped
at the pointed ears on the cowl and pulled the headgear free. Shara's chestnut
hair spilled out. Her face was exposed. C backed away and threw the costume part
away.

"I was wondering when you'd get to that, slut," Shara purred so that C could
hear. Locking her eyes on C she slowly unzipped the rest of her suit. "Costumes
are fine if you're going Trick or Treating, don't you think?"

C watched as Shara exposed her latte-colored chest and pulled the torso covering
off. Being a mistress must be good for keeping in shape. She had to admit that
the firm tits with the perky brown nipples were attractive.

"Oh, but wait slut. There's more." Shara smiled seductively as she slipped the
waistband over her hips to expose the glittering G-string. She slid the pants
down and over the calf-high boots and tossed the costume away. "The boots and
G-string stay. Nice touches, right?"

"Yeah. Pretty good for the stripper WHORE you are Shara."

"Oh my. Such trashy talk from a slave bitch. Well, I guess we'll just have to
change your attitude." The whip handle became an extension of her wrist and she
flicked what it connected to towards C' hips. She cursed as the slave jumped to
a side and the whip flew by harmlessly. Angrily, she tossed back her hair.

C closely watched her naked attacker. If Shara was going to act this way, she
thought, even with cut hands she could dance circles around the Eurasian bitch.
She wiped the sticky hands on her "signed" butt again, and prepared for the next
whip. Kate could do her own thing with her little new friend up in the stands:
screw their history together. C concentrated on circling the enemy before her.

"Well, I guess I can't blame you for not liking the kiss of this whip," Shara
taunted, "Even with scarred skin like yours. Let's try something else then,
shall we?" She tossed the broken glass and leather whip to the floor.

"Look behind you."

C jumped as Shara tossed the whip, but kept her eyes locked. "Nice try, Mistress
Bitch. What do you think I am...Stupid?" Keeping Shara in view, she crabbed to
the side so that she could also look behind. What she saw startled.

"They're five of the best opponents you've humiliated here, slave bitch.
Representatives of all the rest. Volunteers, too. In fact, once I told them
about you being here I couldn't keep them away. Take a word of advice, though,
and don't expect any of them to send you Christmas cards..."

Nude except for their slave collars and what looked like brass knuckles each
wore were former opponents. C remembered each. Some had rings, like hers, though
not as many. From the left there was the cute blonde name Cindi; next to her
with the high tits stood Karen; on her side was the black-skinned Joyce; then
Mai; and finally, the tall red head simply called X. Standing in the line, all
of them looked angry. All of them seemed to focus their anger on her.

"Friends of yours, C, maybe even lovers, who knows? But what's the saying,
something about You only hurt the ones you love? Dunno...something like that, I
guess. Anyway, I wouldn't try crossing any of this bunch again if I were you."

C tore her attention away from the assembled rank of slaves and looked entirely
at Shara. She had gone over to the wooden table and was applying studded gloves
over her catwoman opera gloves. She watched Shara fix old West-type spurs to the
backs of her heels and then try them out by stepping on the hard floor. The
spurs spun and jangled.

"Now slave bitch," Shara said as she moved away from the table, "I want you to
Present. NOW!"

C looked at Shara and then back at the slaves. She once beat all of them but
wasn't sure of taking them all on at once. And there was Shara, too. Slowly she
sank to both knees and put her hands behind her head. She lowered her eyelids.

Those in the stands hooted and shouted as they watched the big fighting slave
obey. They quieted somewhat as the five slaves walked in line past C. Each spat
and slapped the kneeling slave's face as she held her presentation.

"Very good, girls. Now bring her over to the table. My own slave has arranged
four small buckets. Inside of each, you'll find weights attached to short,
slender chains. The weights range in size from small to large."

C blinked her eyes. Standing behind the table was Shara's slinky slave Kat who
smiled a sad smile at her and motioned toward the four buckets.

"Select any four, slave bitch. Take the hooks at the loose ends of the chains
and attach them to your victory rings."

She tried to back away, but two of the others held her. Imploring Shara would be
no help. At least, C could select the four lightest. She reached into the
container furthest to the right and pulled out four small weights and their
chains. Bending down, she hooked one on a ring on her right lip. She held it up
fearing what it would feel like if she let the weight fall free.

Sweat from her brow mingled with slave spit as she stood. Her right hand cupped
all four connected weights. C looked at Shara.

"Now let's restart our contest, shall we?" Shara grinned. Her eyes flashed to
C's crotch. She moved from the table and wine barrel and stood waiting in the
center of The Arena. "Come on, slave bitch...we're all waiting."

Stickiness from her bleeding hand cupped the weights. C ignored the others and
faced Shara who stood with her hands on her hips. Sparkles off of the black
leather G-string glittered. C took an awkward step forward and warily
approached. Her hand gripped tighter as she saw Shara move and pivot into a back
kick. C stepped sideways.

Shara's spur grazed her upper right arm. C switched hands and cupped the weight
with her left as she looked. Blood beaded and then streamed down from where she
had been hit. C stumbled back but too late for her jaw to miss Shara's right.

"GAAaagh..." C said as she fell. A knee crashed onto the hard surface. Warm
liquid covered her lips. Her nose felt mushy where the metal knuckles had hit. C
scrambled in a rough circle over the hardpan. Her left hand still cupped the
weights. She stumbled back up to her feet and faced Shara.

"Oh, you're going to make this too easy slave bitch." Shara spun her leg in the
air again and this time snapped C's head to the side. She pursued the slave as
she fell backwards and fell. "Get up. Let's make this more of a sport. Go back
to those buckets."

C panted and tried to take inventory. Sitting, Shara looked much taller as she
loomed over her. The side of her head ached. Her vision spun as she staggered
back up to her feet. Crouched at the waist, she made her way back to the table.
Her hand still cupped the weights.

"You can see your folly, cunt. Now all of the small weights are gone. You get to
choose now from either medium of heavy. DO IT!"

C shuddered. The slinky slave just smiled at her. Her trembling right hand went
into the bucket containing the medium size weights, found one and brought it
out.

"See? You can do it. Now, do the rest. Put it on another ring."

Her bloody fingers trembled as she hooked the new chain.

"I do believe there are three more in there...GET THEM!"

Her shaking would not stop. Hot tears blurred her vision. C got one more and
hooked it to another ring. She did the same with the remaining two.

Shara looked at the bloody slave holding her hand over her crotch and said, "You
did well, slave bitch. Except that you forgot...," Shara turned to the side and
then back and with her right glove tore away C's bare hand.

"AWWW.eeeee..."C crashed on both knees as her hand was yanked away and the eight
weights dropped. Her forehead fell forward. Sobs racked her body.

"Two of you slaves. Pull this one up. Hold her hands away. We want to see how
her pretty pussy stretches."

"nnnooo...," C protested as she was hauled to her feet. Her single braid fell
over her shoulder. Below her, she saw flesh being pulled by the dangling chains.

Shara lifted up C's cheek and said, "Oh yes, my sweet. But, we have more and I
promised so not to disappoint these slaves." She smiled at the tortured face and
then over her shoulder called to the others. "Tie her arms down to one end of
that table. She can lay face-down across the rest and somebody get that whip!"

C stood at one end. Her arms stretched forward and were tied to the far corners.
She felt the swing of her pussy weights. C then felt Shara reach in her mouth,
grab her tongue and pull. The clip and weight attached made her cry more, but
she could no longer speak. She lay on the wood, lips stretched, bound and tongue
pulled out by another dangling chain and weight.



"Tie her ankles to each table leg." Shara went over and picked up the whip. "You
girls all get three turns. X, you go first." She eyed the tall redhead take the
handle and then stand to the side.

X marveled at this second chance to dish out punishment. She was two inches
taller than the one helpless before her now, but had been nonetheless humiliated
when they last met in The Arena. This was sweet revenge time. Her hand slid over
the bunched shoulders and down the spine. The oil warmed. Ribs glowed from under
tightly wrapped skin. X bent her knees. She could see a steady rhythm as C
breathed. The large block letters shone. Beneath them, X saw the dangling chains
with their weights pulling the lips.

Keeping in mind she had only three swings, she made her decision to go for
bunched muscles over the shoulders, the middle and then the small of the back. X
smiled. That breathing rhythm would soon change. She stepped back and aimed.

C tried to scream as her shoulders were sliced. Muscles strained. By bucking she
tried unsuccessfully to move. Her tongue jerked as its weight wildly swung from
a longer chain that disappeared over the far edge. The second lash curled
beneath her ribs and tore at her torso. She gagged. Weights swung beyond
control. Gasping and choking, she felt X move aside her single braid. Guttural
noises spat out her mouth. Wind left her as the small of her back was struck.

"What's a matter, dear?" Shara cooed. Her fingers lifted the slave's chin and
tilted her head up. "That was only the first three. You have many more to come."

Shouts of glee came from the stands. Near the center of The Arena they saw the
blonde Amazonian with the tattoo across her ass strapped to a table and being
whipped by another slave. They cheered X. They watched as three slices ripped
into the powerful back. The encrusted whip trailed its bloody wake over the
buffed body.

When it came Karen's turn, C passed out. Water was thrown over her bleeding back
from another bucket, one much larger than the ones holding the weights. C's
eyelids fluttered. Her pussy lips stretched down lower. Momentum from the
swinging weights tested human flesh and looked to win.

Karen examined the raggedly torn back. She decided her three swings would target
the small globes of fat squished by C's tits. Using an overhand, she let fly her
first swing. It tagged its target. A dark pool grew from the ripped breast and
stained the weathered wood. Karen moved around to the other side. Each time the
whip struck, she heard it knock hard against the wood. She also heard the slap
as C's tit was struck. Using her last swing, she slammed the whip across the
others already bleeding on C's back. She handed the handle to Cindi. She saw
that C had again passed out.

Shara slapped C's face and splashed more water. "Now that we have the slave
bitch back to consciousness, I think it's time we all found out if it's true
what they say about permanent tattoo removal. Shall we?" She extended her hand
palm up at her slave and gripped the small surgical knife. Stepping over the
small pool made by the fallen whip, Shara removed C's tongue clip and replaced
it with a wooden bit. Seductively swaying her hips, she lazily walked back to
the other end.

Patting C's ass, Shara pulled her hair away from her face as she bent closer to
look at the "K" tattoo. Holding the knife up high, she yelled so all could hear
and bent back down. Holding the flesh steady to calm its quivering, Shara made a
shallow incision along the top of the block letter. Her slave swabbed the blood
as Shara continued to make a longer slice down the ascender until a box was cut
around the letter.

"Now let's see what this does for tat' removal." Slipping the knife-edge under
the first slice, Shara used its edge to slide under the flap of skin. Using her
nails to get a grip, she pulled the skin away with one swift rip..

"X? I believe this is yours. You were first, after all." Shara held aloft the
wet flap. "Now. Who wants seconds? Looks like all white meat...sorta."

The oversize "T" proved too difficult to remove given its position and so it was
left. C was untied and dragged over to the wine barrel. The groggy woman's
ravaged back was laid over the top, her wrists and ankles chained behind. The
skinned ass scraped rough wood. A crank rotated the barrel so that C faced her
attackers.

"Well first, we need to get rid of this." Shara grabbed C's single braid and
with a quick flick sliced the hair at its base. Once free, she twirled the braid
over her head and let it sail out of The Arena. Hordes of eager fans clambered
to catch the flying hair.

Shara looked up at the now shorthaired slave tied over the barrel and then down
at the stretched nether lips. "Oh look. We still have some empty rings victory
rings." Capriciously, she kicked out at the dangling chains and weights. C
groaned. "Kat? Bring out the really heavy weights."

With the bit removed from her mouth, C was able to make sounds but no longer had
the voice for screams. More chains were added. Elasticity impossibly stretched
C's labia. The slave managed garbled cries as weights were hooked to remaining
rings.

"And now," Shara acted like a twisted game show host, "I'd like Kate and her
friend to Come on down!"

Cheers greeted the two as they walked across the arena floor to where the others
stood before C wrapped around the barrel.

"Welcome Kate, and your slave. She is a cute little bitch, you know."

Kate flustered, blushed and nodded her head happily.

"Take this smaller whip. See if either of you can hit one of those weights free.
I'm sure if she could, C would thank you."

The new slave took the handle of the thin whip as it was passed from Kate. She
flicked it toward C. Weights, chains and lips danced, but no rings broke
through. Kate looked closer at the barrel and its rider. White showed where the
rings were stretched. The rest of C's hanging lips were a reddish purple. She
took the whip and swung.

Shafts of light glittered again as the whip smacked. C groaned. The rings held.

"Just a minute," Shara said. Forgetting for the moment her own pulchritude she
stepped up to where C hung. Wrapping her right hand around all of the chains,
Shara balanced and placed a boot sole on C's lower belly and pulled with all her
might. With a tug she yanked all in her hand free. Shredded pussy spurted globs
of blood. Kat handed her mistress a towel to mop up the bleeding, then another
as the first became saturated.

The pressure seemed to work. Shara removed the last of the towels. Tattered
flesh remained, but at least the copious bleeding had ceased.

"Now Kat, release that crank and rotate the barrel so that her hands and feet
are on top."

Shara supervised the rotation of C and the barrel. Kat locked the crank in
place. Shara climbed up on the platform holding the barrel. She took C's index
finger. Looking up to the stands, Shara waved and bent the digit back until she
felt, then heard a loud break as the bone broke.

She did the same with all fingers and toes.

"Now rotate the slave bitch so that her body is on top."

Shara watched with the others as C's abused form arched toward the lights. When
in position, Kat set the crank brake and stepped aside. Shara took a dagger and
stepped to C's opened mouth and hanging head. Reaching in, she grabbed the
tongue. With one swift movement, it was severed.

"Oh, too bad," Shara said examining the gory pulp in her hand. "Looks like we
won't be hearing any more from this slave bitch." She plopped the tongue onto
the table.

"Take her down, then the rest of you put on this tackle." Grabbing the bridals,
Shara threw the horse tackle at the feet of the other slaves. "You too, Kat."

They laid C on her stomach-given what her back had suffered, it seemed the one
compassionate thing for them to do. Kat joined the other slaves as they fitted
themselves with the bits and traces.

Checking each for fitness, Shara then lined all six in a single rank. Joining
leaders from each pony girl, the mistress tied them around C's ankle. Grabbing a
buggy whip, she indulged herself with more smugness as she walked to face the
harnessed team. She eyed the twelve gleaming slave tits and noted the various
shapes. Shoulder to shoulder they stood with Cindi closest and X head above all.

"Okay, slaves. When I smack this whip you all pull. Understand? You are to drag
the worthless slave bitch behind you around The Arena so that all can see." She
smiled satisfaction. The bouncing row with the tallest in the middle would make
a splendid spectacle as they towed their colleague around the oval.

"PULL!" The pony girls obeyed. Slack in the lines connecting them to C's ankle
vanished. All moved. A dark swath on the floor trailed the slave bitch, and
former champion of The Arena, was dragged.

Shara whipped them harder as they neared the first corner. They pulled faster.
C's mangled form rolled upright as it made the turn. The drag had badly scraped
her front. The trail left behind turned a blackened red.

They completed the revolution of The Arena and Shara commanded the team to halt.
"Whoa! Kate, take the saber from the table and come over here to what's left of
your slave bitch."

Kate playfully spanked Shara's ass with the wide part of the long blade and then
placed its tip between the upper abdominals on C.

"Hey!" Shara jokingly rubbed her butt and pretended to start. "Use that saber
for other things. I think it's time for your slave bitch to get a different sort
of C Section."

Cheered on by those in the stands and further urged by those closest to her,
Kate tightened her grip. The point plunged into C. Long legs spastically kicked.
Kate twisted the blade and sliced downward. C lay still.

None could deny the entertainment value. Excitement fired most and The Arena now
needed a new champ.

For all, including C, it had been an exciting time.

Only C the Fighting Slave was the one who now was truly free.


The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





