BDSM Library - Goddess Sublime




Goddess Sublime
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two neighbors unexpectedly discover latent D/s tendencies. Through a few chance contacts and one gloriously fateful night, their dark journey begins.
Chapter 1

He got home from work a few hours earlier than expected. He couldn't stop
thinking about what happened the other night. Was it real? Or had all the
partying, porn and masturbating really warped his brain as they told him it
would, eventually.

He remembered the day she moved in, the way her smile just seemed to light up
the dingy hallway and turn the gray skies to blue. The fact that she was stacked
didn't hurt much either.

They only exchanged a few words. "Hi neighbor", she said, "I'm Stephanie."
Usually never at a loss for words, her personality and charm choked him. "Joe"
was all he was capable of uttering, somehow he managed, "nice to meet you."

He wondered how obvious he was as he checked her out thoroughly. He couldn't
believe his luck and didn't care; he had to take all of this delicious goddess
in. She inspired many, many evening's entertainment. He'd often moan her name,
"Steph-a-nieeeee" as he jerked his beautiful prick, thinking only of her and her
sinful body.

Sometimes a ground floor apartment had its advantages. He always heard her car
pull in. A few times he even managed to get her to wave through the window
before she retired to her place, just above his.

Of course, as all apartment dwellers know, footsteps are inevitable, but he
loved knowing she was there. She'd must've had many friends, the phone rang
constantly, he could hear her sexy voice, but never made out any of the
conversations.

The event that put him over the top was in the laundry room a week or so ago.
Having just blazed up to relax, he stumbled into the laundry room to start his
wash. When he went back to change it over, Stephanie was folding her clothes
fresh from the dryer. "I hope I'm not in your way. I'm just about done and...
Ooops!" She dropped the sexiest pair of panties he had ever seen. They both
blushed, but Joe didn't miss the chance to gaze into her top as she bent over to
quickly collect her frilly panties.

Stephanie finished, then retreated to her apartment. "Damn, she smelled so
good!" Joe realized. "I bet those panties must be intoxicating." He felt that
familiar tingle between his legs again. He couldn't wait to return to his place
and reach into his pants as he pops yet another porno into his VCR with the
beautiful actress who most resembles his Goddess Stephanie.

Perhaps the weed, or her panties, or the glimpse down her blouse, but he grabbed
his smooth hairless cock and smacked it on his other hand as if it were the most
perfect chest he'd ever imagined, her breasts.

The sensation was wonderful; he'd never felt anything like it. The sting of
pain, the exciting tingle of pleasure swirling his senses delightfully. "Oh
Stephanie, I love you big beautiful tits" he whispered. He could imagine her
saying to him "Joe, I love to watch little boys beat off for me, especially
dirty ones who do anything I tell them."

He was returned to reality as he heard her phone ring, with the warm weather and
their windows being so close he even managed to hear her say "Hello" but that
was all he could make out.

He returned his attention to his ever reddening dick, twitching in anticipation,
so he pulled out his KY jelly and lubed his dirty little cock and bald balls.
The sensation, coupled with his Goddess' image felt incredible. He proceeded to
masturbate violently, repeating the same phrases over and over "Stephanie owns
my dirty little cock." "The Goddess is the most beautiful and deserves all of my
cum for her." "I love to beat off for Goddess Stephanie." His voice rose with
each stroke and sentence until his balls erupted in an unbelievable orgasm and
thick, hot, gooey, cum load of epic proportions.

Was it the repetition of "Goddess Stephanie loves your cum" or the fact that he
teased his ass as he massaged his big full balls while he stroked? It didn't
matter now; he had gotten to where he wanted to be and lay back exhausted
enjoying the spunk all over his naked body.

As he enjoyed the quiet, he realized Stephanie's apartment was unusually quiet.
He hadn't heard her leave, or did he just miss it in all of the excitement? He
checked for her car... "Nope, she's still home" he muttered and hopped into the
shower then prepare for his soccer game.

She was still home when he left but he really hadn't seen or heard anything
since earlier that afternoon. "Oh well" he dismissed it and left.

Stephanie heard the car pull out of its usual space and wondered, "Did I really
hear him say those things about ME??" She considered Joe sexy, but, because of
his lack of interest, she thought, he couldn't of been interested. "Whom can I
talk to about this?" Oh fuck it! never mind, I've got get going" she told
herself to get her mind off of the fact she found herself more and more aroused
as she consider what it would be like to be a Goddess, Joe's Goddess.

The success of the soccer game and the great after-game happy hour had Joe's
libido increasing once again. As he arrived home to his apartment he noticed her
apartment was dark and her car was not there. "She must be out with a really
lucky guy, spending all night with him." He snickered, "What a sexy lady,
someone else's sexy lady..."

With that he parked and got out of his car, unlocked the door and entered his
apartment, stripped off his uniform and showered. The warm water and her image
aroused him again. Once out the shower, he padded into the kitchen to warm the
lubricant and back to the TV.

It wasn't long before his favorite toy was ready for anything. As he was
enjoying himself, he noticed a few cars pulling into the parking lot. "I think
it's time to shut off a few lights, just in case..."

He heard the usual pleasantries between neighbors, but wasn't sure who or how
many were returning. He really didn't care; he just wanted them to go inside so
he could back to making his slutboy cock happy again.

With the volume of the TV barely above a whisper he relaxed and began to beat
his meat and offer it to his lover, who, unfortunately, wasn't there. He again
began to repeat her name "Oh Stephanie", "Yes, Goddess, you know I do."
"ANYTHING you say Stephanie" He was enjoying her fantasy again.

Stephanie was feeling a little too good after her night out and wondered what
her neighbors were up to, all of the apartments seemed dark so she resolved
herself to go to bed. "What's that?" she wondered. She noticed the dim blue
light from the TV in from Joe's apartment. The curtains were open to let in the
nighttime breeze. She swore she heard her name She crept a bit closer to the
window. As she checked her surroundings, she realized this side of the building
was pretty secluded. She crept closer still, definitely hearing something
unusual coming from the apartment. It definitely was Joe, "Mmmm yes Stephanie
, ooooh Stephanie, beat my dirty little cock, I've been so
bad..."

Although she couldn't see anyone, she knew it wasn't the TV, but her curiosity
had now gotten the best of her, she had to stay, hoping to catch of glimpse of
whatever was going on. "Oh my, what if he has company, her name could be
Stephanie too and here I am peeping in the window." But again she heard the
slap-slap-slapping of naked slippery wet skin. Just then she saw him, what a
sexy sight too. Everything she'd imagined since they met. She was amazed at how
she couldn't take her eyes off of his hardness and all too aware of the wetness
between her legs.

He returns from the kitchen with glass of water and approaches the window. "Holy
shit" she thinks and ducks out of view. Upon his check of the parking lot, he
returns to sit and spread his legs in a nearby chair. "May I touch it
Stephanie?" "Oh yessss" she imagines as her reply. She slowly caresses her erect
nipples and feels the fire grow as her pussy trickles in anticipation.

She watches as he spreads his legs and grabs his balls from behind, pulling down
on them. "Oh Stephanie, make me your slutboy, you dirty cock slutboy."

She lets out a slight moan as her other hands uncovers her clit and squeezes it
firmly "Unnnnnnngh......"

Joe stops in his chair, "What was that?" "Oh, probably just a slut in the video"
he reassures himself and once again begins to rhythmically beat his cock and
balls with increasing severity.

Stephanie realizes she has two choices, slip away to her apartment and finger
her cunt until she creams her sheets or risk it and probably enjoy the most
scintillating adventure she'd ever dreamed of. The nasty thought of having this
sexy man grease up his cock and stroke it for her dizzies her with excitement.
She lingers and dives both hands inside her hot wet pussy.

"Mmmmm, I like that Joe" she whispers wondering, no, hoping he just might hear.
Joe freezes immediately. "Don't stop Joe, it's ok, I promise" "Is someone
there?" he whispers back as he covers himself. "Mmmmmm hmmmm, it's me, Stephanie
and I'm very turned on now. You better finish what you started or you could be
in a lot of trouble."

"I-I-I-I..." Joe stammers, "didn't really mean..." "Shut the fuck up slutboy!
You've teased me too much, I heard those nasty things you say about me and
unless you want trouble, you'll do anything I tell you right now. Do you
understand?"

"Ummmmm, er, ah, uh-huh." "What kind of answer is that?" she retorted. "Yea, I
didn't mean anythi..." "Yes, Goddess, is how you will answer me" she insisted.
"Yes, Goddess" he humbly replied. She noticed he was more aroused than ever and
her hand was covered in cunt juice, so she slid off her sexy panties and wiped
her perfect pussy lips and slowly inserted them inside her, then went back to
her clit.

"I want you to stand right here in front of this window and finish what you
started," she commanded. "You will do everything I tell you, do you understand
me?"

"Yes." "Yes, what slutboy?" "Yes, Goddess" he replied and positioned himself
directly in front of the window. The darkness concealed them both, but he knew
it definitely was her on the other side of the screen out of reach and sight.

"Are you ready to obey slutboy?" Her muscles were contracting heavily on the
cotton panties filling her insides and she continued to manipulate her
ring-pierced nipples and ultra sensitive clit.

"Yes, Goddess, anything you say..."

End of Chapter 1




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pauly Walnuts


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





