BDSM Library - The Jade Pavilion Book I: The Daughters of Sung Lo




The Jade Pavilion Book I: The Daughters of Sung Lo
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In this, the first-written of the Jade Pavilion stories, Li Chang, the Mandarin of the Shanghai underworld, takes a cruel revenge on two young beauties who had snubbed him.
"The Daughters of Sung Lo", while the first written of my Jade Pavilion stories,
actually takes place a few years after the events in  Book II,  the novel-length
"The Rise of Li Chang", and Book III, another long story, "A Weekend of Cruelty
in Old Shanghai".

Any similarity to actual persons or events is entirely coincidental.

This is a work of historical fantasy.  The author in no way condones any form of
non-consensual sexual behavior.

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.




The Jade Pavilion

by Boccaccio

Book I   The Daughters of Sung Lo



Chapter I
				

       Li Chang was a man of infinite patience.

      The bearded Chinese crime lord had first come to admire the stunning
beauty of the two daughters of  Sung Lo almost five years ago, when Soo was
fifteen and Mee was only thirteen.  Their lustrous raven hair, their dark eyes,
their smooth golden skin, and their ripening adolescent bodies of the girls had
enraptured him even then. But the daughters of the rich merchant had snubbed him
then, as they would have a beggar.  The mocking laughter of their girlish voices
had caused him to vow to take his revenge one day.  He knew not how, but his
memory was long, his patience was great, and his determination implacable.  Li
Chang was to prove that in the Shanghai of the 1880's anything was possible.
...........................

	"Aiaahh!!!", the girl cried out, as the first stroke of the bamboo
slashed across her shuddering  golden buttocks.  The bamboo rod was more than an
inch in diameter, and left a crimson mark of comparable size. Li Chang inhaled
the intoxicating scent of Soo's perfume, the fragrant incense that filled the
room, and the most stimulating aphrodisiac of all:  the smell of fear.
...........................

	But how?  Li had been,  then, a small-time player in the world of vice
that enveloped the city of  Shanghai like a thick fog. And the sleek, piggish
Sung Lo was the wealthy owner of some of the city's finest restaurants, a man
far above him on the social scale.  His daughters, as proud as they were
beautiful, were as untouchable as if they had been in the Forbidden City itself. 

	"Ungghhhh!" came a second cry from Soo, as the brute, Kang, struck
again, this blow falling  an inch below the first.  The naked girl's buttocks
and thighs danced in the flickering candlelight.  Kang was a mindless savage,
enslaved by Li Chang's opium, but he had his uses.  Li Chang fingered his
sinister mustache, as his eyes took in the erotic sight before him, while he
thought back on the chain of events that had led to what promised to be an
evening of rare and exotic delight.

	Step by step, ruthlessly, Li had climbed the byzantine ladder of the
competing gangs that fought for the soul of this great city.  His  tong, the 
Kaolin Dragon, now controlled the great triangle of opium, gambling, and
prostitution, on which Li had built his immense fortune.  And now Li Chang was
the undisputed master of the underworld of Shanghai, controlling his anonymous
minions with unquestioned authority; he held the power of life and death over
those who became enmeshed in his snares.
.......................
	
	CRACKKK!!  "AAGGHHH!!"  The giant Mongol brought the bamboo rod, down
again, viciously, leaving a third dark streak across the cleft of the girl's
nether curves.  Five long years Li Chang had waited.  But the years of waiting
were to end tonight. 

	Because at last the rich and powerful Sung Lo had himself become trapped
in Li Chang's web. Like so many Chinese, Sung Lo loved to gamble.  Li Chang had
welcomed him to the Jade Pavilion, his finest gambling house, had seen to it
that he had won sizeable amounts at first, and had offered some of his youngest,
most beautiful girls to Sung Lo.  One of them, Peony, had taken take the happy
businessman, fresh from his winnings, to one of the private rooms of the Jade
Pavilion and ministered to him for hours, using her hair, her lips, her tongue,
her soft thighs, to transport him to the topmost peaks of ecstasy.  It was Peony
who, while lewdly rolling the merchant's testicles  in the moist cavern of her
mouth, enticed him into sharing an opium pipe with her, before she would agree
to swallow his seed.  

	The opium that Li Chang had set aside for Sung Lo, was of a purity, and
a power, that soon enslaved the smiling, self-satisfied merchant.

	CRACKKK!!  "Aaaiiieaaahh!!  The girl's high-pitched cry echoed across
the dimly-lit room.  The fourth stroke had fallen still lower, at the lovely
crease where her rounded buttocks curved softly into her thighs. Soo's gorgeous
body, so seemingly beyond his reach just a day ago, writhed in pain before Li
Chang.  Li's swollen member prodded the front of his silken robes with an
unaccustomed urgency.  The girl, suspended by her splendid ebony hair from the
ceiling, twisted round and round in the candlelight.  Nakamura, who in his youth
had been a ropemaster to the Shogun of Japan, had done his work well.

	Over the next few months, the opium soon had its way with Sung Lo, 
clouding his judgment. His gambling luck turned (with the help of  Li's
croupiers) and the wins turned into losses, small at first, and then cascading
into larger and larger reverses.
..............
	"N-n-o... please... "Aaauugghh!" cried the girl, as the wicked bamboo
slashed across the back of her thighs, now glistening with the damp sweat of
fear and pain. Her arms had been bound up behind her, painfully  high on the
small of her back, in one of Nakamura's finest creations.  Ropes encircled her
chest, both above and below the lovely golden breasts, increasing their
prominence. Droplets of perspiration trickled between those proud globes, as she
twirled in the air.  Her breasts were capped with small dark areolae, and
beautifully erect brown nipples. Li Chang's slender tongue crept across his
lips; he could hardly wait to attend to those teasing buds.

	 Li Chang motioned, with the slightest gesture of his hand, for Kang to
spin the girl so that she would face them.

......................

	As Sung Lo's gambling losses mounted, his attention to his restaurants
waned, and soon Sung Lo was in great financial difficulty. Needing money, he
tried to borrow to keep his enterprises afloat, but Li Chang cut off the normal
avenues of borrowing through his influence with the merchants and bankers of the
city,  many of whom were in the toils of the Kaolin Dragon.

	As the girl spun so that she was facing Kang, the hulking brute
delivered a brutal blow, backhand, across Soo's tiny waist, leaving another
scarlet mark in its wake.  Again, Soo screamed.  Li Chang smiled, and lit
another candle.  The better to see her with. And later,  perhaps, the candle
could be put to other uses.
.................

	Desperate, Sung Lo had turned to loan sharks. But of course the loan
sharks, too, were pawns of Li Chang.  They loaned Sung Lo money, but at
exorbitant rates of interest, and soon Sung Lo faced utter ruin.  Soon the
corpulent merchant was forced to come to Li Chang for assistance.

	THWACKK!! "Auuuaagghh!" the girl screamed, as Kang delivered a swift
stroke to the rounded underslopes of her outhrust breasts.  Soo, who until today
had lived a pampered existence, had never known such agony.  A thin stream of
spittle spilled out of the corner of Kang's mouth.  He'd had the pleasure of 
punishing any number of women who had earned Li Chang's displeasure. But few
could remotely compare to the Chinese goddess, who dangled helplessly before
him.  The brute's jaw worked as he pondered the possibility that his master
might allow him to plunge his prodigious cock into this virgin beauty before too
many hours had passed.
....................
	Just the day before, Sung Lo had come to the Jade Pavilion, asking to
see Li Chang.  As Li expected, the fawning merchant had come before him to plead
for money to pay his crushing debts.  Smiling, Li Chang, welcomed the visitor to
his chambers on the top floor of the gambling house.
...................
	"No more... please ... I'll do anyth... "  CRACCCKK!!
"Aaaaaiieaaaaahh!!"  The bamboo had ripped into her flesh again, this time in a
vicious downward slash across the tops of her perfect breasts. Li fingered the
hideous scar that ran from just below his left ear down the length of his face,
as a thin, cruel smile crossed his lips.  Again he shifted slightly in his seat,
as his erection continued to grow.  I bless the spirits of my ancestors, Li
thought to himself. Who could have guessed, years ago, that he, a man of no
wealth or position, could become the emperor of crime of Shanghai, and have such
a woman at his mercy?

	 "The tips, Kang, do not neglect the tips!"  Li Chang whispered, his
voice gravelly and barely audible with lust.

	Idly, too, he wondered how Nakamura was doing with the preparations for
the younger sister, Mee, in the adjoining room.   He had asked Nakamura to come
up with something special tonight, and was confident that the Japanese Engineer
of Pain would not disappoint him.

----------------------------
	"Sung Lo, my friend, what brings you here today? Have you tried your
luck at the dice table? I have brought in a new croupier, Dina, all the way from
Singapore.  She has breasts like Bombay mangoes, my friend.  I'm sure she will
bring you luck!"

	Sung Lo, who only a few short years ago could have bought and sold this
scarred and smiling demon, bowed as a supplicant before the lord of Shanghai. 
"Your excellency, it is with great regret that I come to you today, but I have
nowhere else to go. I owe thousands to the loan sharks; if I cannot pay them, I
will be ruined." Sung Lo kept his eyes riveted to the floor,  both in
submission, and in fear that they would be drawn to Li's ghastly disfiguring
scar.

	"But surely, my friend, you still have your business, your fine house,
your porcelain, your jade?" Li Chang asked, knowing full well that Sung Lo's
situation was beyond desperate.

	"It has all been pledged to creditors, your excellency, already.  I come
to you humbly as a friend, hoping for your help."
.............................
	Li Chang's reminiscences were jarred suddenly by the plaintive cry of
the maiden before him, as Kang landed a savage blow directly across Soo's
pouting nipples.  The bamboo crushed the nipples into her ripe breastflesh, but
they sprang back up into erect turrets just in time for Kang's next vicious
stroke.  CRAAACCKK!!  again, as the horrible bamboo tore into her tender globes. 

	"Aaaagghhh!!  No more... please... I can't take any m...."

	CRAACKK!!  "Aaaaiiiaaah"  Kang had blasted her bold-nippled
pleasure-globes again.

	Li watched knowingly as Kang rubbed a huge paw against the massive bulge
in his groin. Tears trailed down over Soo's lovely cheekbones as she twisted
hopelessly. The muscles in her face told of the strain imposed upon her by her
suspension.  And Li could see the twitching in her arms and shoulders, the
result of Nakamura's tight pinioning.
...................

	"Well, of course, Sung Lo, you are indeed my friend.  I have no doubt
but that we can come to an agreement to settle your debts.   But I am a
businessman too, you know, and I expect something in return for helping you with
your creditors."

	"But there is nothing left, your excellency, that has not already been
pledged; I can only thank heaven that my daughters know nothing of this.  I beg
you, sir, to help me pay my debts; and I promise that one day I will repay you."
............................
	THWACKK!  THWACKK!  THWACCKK!!  Three times the bamboo slashed brutally
into the front of  Soo's shapely thighs. At 5'5" she was taller than most
Chinese girls,  two inches taller than Mee.  And her legs looked even longer,
suspended as she was, from the rafter above.  Kang spun her around again, and
laid another perfect stroke across the soft curves of her spasming buttocks. And
another.  And another. Tiny droplets of blood were beginning to darken the pale
bamboo rod. 

 	"My dear Miss Soo," asked Li Chang, "Will you not drop this proud
pretense, and accept the fact that your beloved father has sold you into sexual
slavery? That you and your sister are mine for a year, to do with as I wish?  I
assure you that Kang's strength will outlast yours. And that eventually you will
willingly do whatever I wish.  To whomever I wish. Whenever I wish."

	Through her tears,  the proud beauty still shook her head violently, no. 
At this, Li Chang nodded meaningfully to Kang, who roughly grabbed her right
foot, and lifted it about four feet in the air, and fastened it to a ring that
hung from a pulley in the rafters. As the dark-haired girl tried to balance
herself on her left leg, she saw Kang lumber back in front of her,  once again
wielding the now bloody bamboo.   Again she could see the drool at the corners
of his grinning mouth as he eyed the dark tendrils of her pubic hair, gleaming
with perspiration.  And she watched in horror as Kang turned sideways to her,
lowered the stout stalk of bamboo to the floor, and swept it upward, viciously,
into the sweet furrow between her legs.
.....................
	"Sung Lo, it is well that you have come to me. Fortune has been unkind
to you. You have indeed had bad joss. As your friend, I will be honored to pay
off your debts. But in return may I ask a small favor from you?"

	"Anything, your excellency, anything!" exclaimed Sung Lo.

............................
	The pain was unspeakable. Soo's remaining supporting leg gave way under
the blow to her pussy, but the knots of Nakamura kept her upright, more or less,
as she floundered in abject agony. Just as she regained some semblance of her
balance, relieving the strain on her hair and scalp, the bamboo bludgeon tore
into her delicate pussy lips again.

...........................
      "My friend, you are not entirely without assets.  You have in your house
two of the finest pearls of the orient. I will pay off your creditors. In return
you will offer your daughters to me, your benefactor. For one year.  A man of my
station should have his choice of companions, is it not so?"

...........................

      Kang  smashed the girl across the abdomen again, and then twice more
across her pouting breasts.  Rare indeed to find a Chinese woman with such
voluptuous breasts, Li mused, as he watched the dark-streaked globes quiver
deliciously under Kang's ferocious attack. Li Chang's face was a mask of lust,
his eyes riveted  to his naked prisoner.
.......................

     "My daughters - my precious flowers?  They have never known a man, your
excellency! Surely you can have your pick of all of the women of the city?"

     "Very well, Sung Lo. I am saddened that you mistrust me.  I give you my
word that I will respect  their virginity that you prize so highly. I will
return them to you with their maidenheads intact, so that you can marry them
well. But if you would deny your friend this one request, I must of course
refuse your entreaty. Good day, old friend. And good luck.  You will need it. 

    At this Sung Lo cowered cravenly, as Li Chang knew he would, and promised to
bring his daughters to Li's pavilion the next afternoon,  a day that Li's
astrologers had rightly prophesied would bring him good fortune.  Li took
exquisite joy in humbling the rich merchant before him.  But even more refined
pleasures were to come, once the two comely maidens were in his power.  He would
keep his word, of course. Their precious maidenheads would remain in intact. 
But there is more than one path to a man's paradise, or to a woman's inferno.

.............

	CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Kang had spun the girl around again and
renewed his savage attack on the rounded surfaces of her tender bruised
buttocks. Their soft curves seemed to have been designed for a caning, Li
thought, as he watched  her limbs dance in the air.

	Li, by now in a violent state of arousal, decided that it was time for
him to extend similar hospitality to Soo's younger sister, Mee, who had been
waiting for some time. 

	He turned with some difficulty in his wheeled chair, and slowly,
effortfully, inched toward the nearby door.  He was hopeful that the repast
about to be served  by Nakamura in the adjacent chamber would be as appealing as
this delightful aperitif with Miss Soo. 

	He motioned to Kang to lower Soo from her suspension, and warned him
that Soo was a virgin, and that a virgin she was to remain.  Or it would be the
last woman Kang would ever touch.

 	But he thought to himself, "But there are many ways to enjoy a woman, my
brutish friend; I'm sure even you will think of something!"

 	As Li closed the door behind him, the mindless Mongol giant, well over
six and a half feet tall, and weighing perhaps 280 lbs, released the girl from
her suspension by clumsily undoing the intricate cocoon of ropes that Nakamura
had woven around her head and hair.  As she collapsed backwards to the floor,
agony tore through her her arms, still painfully pinned behind her. 

	Kang reached down, pulled her up to her knees, and loosened the
drawstring on his trousers, revealing an immense cock and dangling hair-covered
testicles the size of the duck eggs that were plentiful in every market in
Shanghai.  Soo had never seen a man's private parts before and shrank back in
horror, and tried clumsily to climb to her feet. First the horribly scarred
cripple, and now this monstrous savage!  But Kang grabbed her roughly by the
hair and drew her lovely tear-streaked face toward his ten-inch manhood, and
bellowed, "SUCK!!"

 	Still the girl shook her head in revulsion.  It was not until Kang
grabbed a nearby candle with one hand and brought the flame closer and closer to
the crest of her beautifully rounded left breast, that, she finally brought her
soft lips awkwardly down on his rampant penis.  She was far from skillful, but
it didn't matter to Kang. As he thrust deeper and deeper into the warm
receptacle of her mouth, she gagged uncontrollably, and the edges of her perfect
white teeth inadvertently closed momentarily on his throbbing cock. 

	"Arrggh!!! Grimacing in pain and anger, Kang withdrew momentarily,
hauled the naked girl upright, and delivered a wicked backhand blow to her left
breast with his left hand, knocking her to the floor.  Then he picked Soo up
again and viciously slapped the golden perfection of her right breast.  He
proceeded to drag her to her feet again, and pounded his massive fist squarely
into her tempting navel, leaving her gasping for air as she crumpled to the
floor in agony.

 	The monstrous Mongol  pulled her back to her knees, and this time the
terror-stricken Soo was somehow able to slowly swallow the entirety of the
behemoth's organ. He encircled her slim throat with one of his giant hands, just
under her chin, and after a few moments grunted in barbaric exultation when he
could feel his cock as it forced its way remorselessly down her throat.  And he
continued  plunging his disgustingly hairy cock deeply into her mouth, while his
stallion-like scrotum collided violently with her chin. His assault on her
virginal mouth continued for what seemed to Soo an endless twenty minutes before
at last the barbaric giant exploded with lust, sending a violent eruption of
semen down her chaste throat.




	Chapter Two

	While Li Chang and the towering Mongol had been attending to the haughty
Miss Soo, Nakamura had not been idle.  He stood before the equally beautiful
younger sister, Mee, in the next room.  Mee, suddenly weak at the knees,  could
not understand why everything seemed to be moving in slow motion, as Nakamura
took a razor-sharp knife from a sheath at his side, and slit through her
beautiful cobalt blue gown, in one swift move,  and through her negligible
undergarments in another.   He then cut a strip from the delicate blue cloth and
fashioned a gag from it, which he dexterously applied to the mouth of the
unresisting girl.

	Mee, like her sister, had been mildly sedated by the powder that Peony
had slipped into their tea, when their father had brought them to the Jade
Pavilion.  Just enough to stifle resistance, so that Nakamura could practice his
artistry on them without a great deal of kicking and screaming.

	Nakamura took a step back to admire the resplendent nude figure before
him, as she timidly tried to cover her breasts and loins.  A shade shorter than
her sister, but with the same beautiful oval face. While Soo's long, straight,
black hair had hung down to the small of her back (before Nakamura had put it to
another use), Mee's was shorter, draping her rounded shoulders.  Almond eyes,
beautiful eyelashes, eyebrows arcing in perfectly sloping crescents, sculpted
cheekbones and generous lips adorned  her lovely face.  Nakamura's amorous gaze
descended to the twin globes of her close-set breasts, which Mee strove vainly
to cover with her tiny right hand.  And to the inviting valley between them. 
And further down to the gentle indentation of her navel, the soft down of her
pubic hair and the inviting, virginal pussy lips, which peeked out  between the
fingers of her protective left hand.  And down still further, to her
well-muscled ripe thighs.  The thighs of a dancer.  Nakamura nodded approvingly. 
She would need strong thighs tonight.  Li Chang had asked for something special
tonight, and Nakamura was not in the habit of disappointing his patron.

	That afternoon, when Sung Lo had brought his exquisitely dressed
daughters to the Jade Pavilion, Peony had greeted them and conducted them to Li
Chang's private chambers (from the ceiling of which Soo had eventually found
herself suspended).  Despite their father's warnings, both daughters recoiled at
the sight of the horribly scarred figure in the wheeled chair.  Though Li Chang
seemingly took no notice of this, he filed the memory away. Later he would see
to it that they would come to regret their fastidiousness.

 	Obedient daughters, but not quite understanding the nature of their
visit, they remained behind when Sung Lo left, as their father covertly  thrust
the envelope containing Li Chang's blood money into the recesses of his robe. 
While feigning secrecy, Li Chang had made certain that the girls could see the
package change hands; when they came to realize their betrayal, their torment,
and his enjoyment, would be all the keener.  And the young ladies, not realizing
their position, had continued to address Li's servants, and even Li himself,
with unpardonable rudeness.

	Soon after Sung Lo had slunk away, Li Chang asked Peony to escort Mee
around the public areas of the beautiful pavilion; in their absence Nakamura had
attended to the bondage of her sister in Li's chamber.  Peony had moments
earlier returned with the drowsy Mee, and brought her into the very large room
that occupied the rest of the top floor of Li Chang's pagoda-like palace. 

	Where she stood before Nakamura now,  in all of her quivering, naked
loveliness. The Japanese bondage master had practiced his art on a hundred
unwilling female subjects,  but none whose physical perfection had offered 
promise of greater delectation to the connoisseur who appreciated his particular
skills.  Li Chang would be well pleased, he knew.

	This room, the Pleasure Dome, as Li liked to call it, was Nakamura's
masterpiece -- a combination of theatre, gymnasium, and torture chamber.  A
unique venue that offered limitless possibilities for sexual delight. And sexual
suffering. 

	Nakamura had spent two years outfitting the room with an untold number
of mechanisms for ministering to its nubile visitors. Maximizing the beauty of
the feminine form by presenting it in its most vulnerable splendor was
Nakamura's  life's work.  At the inaugural soiree at the Pleasure Dome Li Chang
had told his fellow aficionados of young female flesh that he had given Nakamura
an unlimited budget, and that Nakamura had exceeded it. 

	But it was worth it; there was no one in the world that could match his
capacity for  turning erotic fantasy into reality.  And Li, loyal patron that he
was, was pleased to subsidize the artist's carnal conceptions regardless of
expense.  Li Chang's fertile imagination was the source for many of the
scenarios that were acted out in this room,  but Nakamura was their architect
and engineer.

	The ever-silent Nakamura gestured to the maiden to extend her hands
before her, with fingers intertwined, as if in prayer. She shook her head no,
but when he looked meaningfully at the razor-sharp knife that had slid so easily
through her gown, she acquiesced. 

	He opened the top drawer of a beautifully lacquered cabinet, and removed
a purple cord from a selection of cords and ropes of every size and color, and
quickly secured her hands together.  Then he lifted her intertwined hands up
behind her and backward over her head.  Grasping another, longer, cord he looped
the cord around her wrists and  arms several times, then down her back, up
through the softness of her crotch, being careful that the cord lodged firmly
between the lips of her vagina, and then back up over her chest and shoulders,
affixing the ends firmly to the supporting rope down her back.  When he was
done,  her hands were firmly clasped behind her head, and her upraised arms -
bent at the elbows - formed a perfect diamond.   And her full-nippled love
globes were offered to his admiring eye to even greater advantage.

	Nakamura lowered the terrified but helpless girl to her knees.  He then
placed a yard-long, two-inch-thick steel bar across the backs of the inside of
her knees, and then pushed her firmly backward so that she was kneeling, with
her weight back. The bar, which boasted  heavy rings at each end,  separated the
backs of her thighs from the backs of her calves.   Then, lifting one leg at a
time, he wound heavy coils of rope several times around each thigh and calf,
making occasional revolutions around the bar to fasten each leg firmly to it. 

	Already, Mee's arms were beginning to cramp, fastened into
motionlessness as they were behind her head; she knew that the muscles in her
sleek legs, would also begin to tighten up, with each upper leg tied so firmly
to its lower half.  But she still had no idea of Nakamura's ultimate intention.

	Just at that moment Li Chang wheeled himself into the room, fresh from
his most stimulating encounter with  Soo. Li drank in the eye-filling charms of
the younger sister,  admiring, as always,  the artistry of his partner in
refined sadism.  Nakamura bowed to Li Chang, who returned the courtesy.

	"Please forgive the interruption, my friend," said the newcomer as his
eyes roamed hungrily over  the flawless curves of Mee's nearly immobile body.
His dark eyes, no more than narrow slits of licentiousness, feasted on her
gorgeous tit-globes, that, unbelievably, were even more opulent than those of
her sister.  Li wheeled the chair up until he was inches away from her jutting
breasts, thrust so shamelessly forward by her hands-behind-head position. He
reached out with one hand as if to test the ripeness of her tasty breast-fruits,
and then, enclosing her perky left nipple between finger and thumb, he caressed
it gently until it became aroused, against her will. 

	"She is very responsive, Nakamura-san.  The opiate is wearing off.
Continue, please."  There was little point in enjoying an insensate victim. He
had been careful to keep Kang in check until Soo was alert enough to savor fully
every brutal slash of the bamboo.

	With a few quick movements,  Nakamura drew some heavy ropes from the
ceiling, and tied them securely to the rings at the end of the steel bar around
which each of her shapely legs was wrapped.  And then the Engineer of Pain
walked across to the wall, and turned a winch, and watched as the girl slowly 
rose into the air, as the bar turned into a trapeze.  The inside of the girl's
knees was draped over the bar, while each lower thigh was firmly bound to its
companion lower leg and ankle.   Mee's shapely figure hung upside down, hands
still laced behind her head, which dangled about three feet off of the ground.

	Li Chang reached out and undid the gag, and as he did so, Mee, by now
fully recovered from the opiate, spat out the words, "Let me down, you
disgusting cripple!  Do you have any idea what my father will do to you when he
finds out how you have treated me?"

	Li's lip curled into a sardonic smile as he turned toward Nakamura. 
"She does have spirit, my friend. I enjoy spirit in a woman.  But is it not
true, Nakamura, that a guest should show more respect to her host? Especially a
host who has paid so handsomely for the pleasure of her company?  It is time, I
think, that we offered  Miss Lo a lesson  in docility.  How shall we proceed
with our most appetizing guest, Nakamura-san?"

	At this the enigmatic former samurai bowed, crossed the room and
returned a moment later carrying an ebony tray.  On the tray, arranged with the
austere artistry of a Japanese rock garden, lay three pairs of strands of golden
thread, one pair long and two short,  and two pairs of ivory chopsticks.  Mee,
hanging awkwardly from her inverted perch, smiled derisively at the two seeming
fools before her, who sought to intimidate her with such innocuous implements.

	Li examined these articles thoughtfully,  and studied the position of
the orange-scented vision of loveliness suspended before him, and smiled at the
inscrutable Nakamura. "You are, as always, a master of subtlety, Nakamura-san. I
hope I can do justice to your inspiration.  Arigato."

	Nakamura bowed silently and nodded in approval as the seated Li took one
of the longer silken threads and then deftly seized Mee's left nipple in a
vise-like grip and pulled the luscious gourd out, away from her chest  wall.  
Li then began to wind the extremely tough thread fiendishly tightly around the
base of Mee's tempting left breast. He looped the full orb four times, before
tying the two ends tightly together. Then he roughly  grasped her other
lust-melon and repeated the process, until each breast had been encircled
several times by the tough golden thread. 

	Nakamura had thought of everything, Li marveled, as he watched the
tightly constricted cones slowly swell into even more bulging prominence,
seemingly of their own accord.  The golden threads sank so deeply into her
breastflesh and so closely matched her skin tones, that they were virtually
invisible.  The strict confinement of  the sumptuous globes caused the pale blue
veins of her breasts to become slightly, deliciously more prominent, offering as
they did a lovely contrast to the dark-honey skin around them.  Mee's nipples,
those tasty brown tips that capped her swollen globes, continued to slowly
stiffen, like tiny corks.

	Mee's derisive smirk was by now a thing of the past.  The hapless girl
writhed as every nerve ending on the surface of her breasts silently screamed in
pain.

	Li Chang then lifted one pair of chopsticks from the ebony tray, and,
his lips pursed in thought,  tapped the now hypersensitive swollen goblets of
flesh first softly, then harder and still harder. Mee winced at every blow but
Li continued drumming a steady tattoo on the taut melons, now damp with the
sweat of the squirming girl,  as he tried to divine the rest of Nakamura's
scheme. Two sets of chopsticks, and two short pairs of threads.  And then it
came to him.

	He took the first pair of chopsticks, tied a thread very tightly around
them, a third of the way from one end, and then holding them apart on the other
end, trapped a tantalizingly erect nipple between the centers of the ivory
sticks and then tied the sticks tightly together one third of the way from the
other end, mercilessly clamping the beautiful bud. Then he took the other pair
of chopsticks, and after rapping the other semi-erect nipple firmly several
times to bring it, too, to a sufficient state of erectness, imprisoned it in a
similar ivory bondage. Having fathomed Nakamura's intent, he was careful to keep
the twin pairs of sticks parallel to the ground.

	By now the pain coursing through almost every part of her voluptuous
body was causing tears to stream from the girl's soft brown eyes.  The muscles
of her supple thighs ached, contracted as they were around the bar that held her
aloft. Her arms and shoulders had been pinned behind her for many minutes.  Her
pouting breasts were now swollen hemispheres of pain, and her proud, protuberant
nipples felt like they were being cut in two.

	But the piece de resistance was still to come.

	Li Chang's legs had been broken in several places years ago, by the Chan
Brothers, the leaders of the rival Black Scorpion tong.  Li had been betrayed to
them by the woman he loved, and, while he had eventually exacted a horrible
revenge upon the treacherous Ming-tsu and the Chans, the injuries had not been
set properly,  and he had never walked unaided since, and could only stand for
brief periods.

	But Li retained great strength in his hands and arms, and had the
virility of a young man.  And now he fully realized the demonic brilliance of
Nakamura's erotic conception. As Li shifted his weight in his chair, and then
extended his ominous fingers toward the beckoning chopsticks affixed to Mee's
tender nipples, she looked on with horror and screamed, "No, no! Oh father, no! 
Save me!"

	But Li's relentless talons closed implacably on the sticks, trapping the
distended tips of her throbbing honey-gold lust-melons. The wily Chinese saw the
first tears of pain begin to form in Mee's soft, dark, almond eyes, and then, as
if determined to increase their flow, he tightened his grip, crushing her
impudent breast buds between the sticks and sending fresh shock waves of pain
through Mee's superb breasts.  Li Chang smiled cruelly as he watched his
captive's upper body vibrate convulsively in response to his torment.

	Then, clenching his teeth with determination, Li Chang, using only the
chopsticks that bit down so ferociously on her rigid nipples for leverage,
lifted himself awkwardly from his chair.

 	"Aaaiiiiiiiieeeeeaaaaahh!!!!" Mee's cry of agony rent the stillness of
the Pleasure Dome, as her dark, delectable  nipples momentarily bore the full
weight of her demonic host.

	It must be said that Nakamura gave them both some assistance at this
point by gently turning the winch so that the trapeze lifted Mee slightly, as Li
was rising.  Now that Li was on his feet, he reversed his grip on the
chopsticks, one hand at a time, from an overhand  to an underhand grip. Mee's
agonized face was now about three feet from the floor, positioned exactly
opposite Li's manhood.  A manhood which had been in full erection for most of
the last hour and a half, since Kang had first stripped the tangerine brocade
from Soo's luscious body.

	Li braced the back of his fragile legs against his chair, and while
holding on grimly with one hand to the chopsticks that imprisoned Mee's right
nipple, he used the other to reach inside his silver robe and remove his
throbbing cock, which dangled menacingly in front of Mee's inviting lips.  Li
Chang then resumed his two-handed grip on the diabolical chopsticks, while his
pulsating member poked at the carmine lips which turned this way and that to
avoid the unwelcome intruder.

	In response to that rejection, Li's merciless fingers, closed even
tighter on the chopsticks,  sending new waves of pain through Mee's tortured
love-buds.  At last, in resignation, she parted her soft lovely lips and Li
Chang lost no time forcing his ardent manhood between them.  Another forceful
squeeze on the diabolical chopsticks commanded the girl to begin sucking on the
massive rod. And so she did with as much energy as she could muster. But the
excruciating agony that permeated her tied and tortured breasts, caused the
efforts of her lips and tongue to slacken at times. Each time she faltered, no
matter how briefly, Li responded by tightening the death grip he had on her
abused nipples.

	Luckily for the girl, after ten or twelve minutes of this cruel torment,
Li's legs began to weaken, and he eased his grips on the torture sticks, and
sank back into the chair, his rutting penis dripping with her saliva.  He undid
the threads that held the ivory sticks to her nipples, and then pulled the
sticks away entirely.  Then he untied the tiny knots of the golden threads that
encircled the bases of her breasts, and slowly unwound the threads that had kept
her tits compressed into bulging mounds of agony.

	Li's smile widened.  For as circulation returned to Mee's well-punished
breasts, she squirmed feverishly at a hundred new pinpricks of pain.

	But though Li's legs had given out, his cock still craved satisfaction. 
Li pulled a lever on the wheeled chair and the seat reclined backward, until it
was at about a thirty degree angle.   Then Li signaled Nakamura,  who took a
heavy black cord, and attached it at one end to the complex web of knots that
kept Mee's arms and shoulders pinned behind her head.  Then Nakamura, threw the
other end of the long cord up and over the bar of the trapeze, and then slowly
pulled that end of the  cord down, causing Mee's back to bow, as her head and
shoulders were pulled back up toward the trapeze. 

	Her body now formed about three quarters of Nakamura's clock-face of
bondage. Her knees on the trapeze at twelve o'clock, the midpoint of her thighs 
at 9 o'clock, her pussy at 7 o'clock,  the opulent, pain-wracked breasts
pointing outwards, at five o'clock,  her head and shoulders at 3 o'clock. With
the black cord traversing the distance between 3 o'clock and the trapeze.  Her
entire body was bent as taut as an archer's bow.

	Then Nakamura, carefully eased the trapeze sideways, and down a little,
so that Mee's tender breasts came once more  within reach of the cruel hands of
the reclining Li Chang. 

	"Please... no more..." the girl whimpered hysterically.

	But Li Chang was deaf to her pleas.  While the ropemaster had been
making these adjustments, Li had donned a pair of gloves that Nakamura had
designed. The back of these dark leather gloves looked perfectly ordinary; but
as Mee's body was slowly positioned over that of her enslaver, she saw in dismay
that the palms of the gloves were studded with scores of  tiny precious stones.
Rough, unpolished precious stones.

	Li grabbed the sweat-sheened orbs of her breasts by their outer curves,
and then the terrible gloves pushed inward, crushing the close-set globes around
the length of  his pulsing cock, still damp with her drool. 

	"Aaaaaaaaiiiiiiieeeeehhh!!"" 	Mee screamed again as the dozens of
sharp little stones bit into her superb lust-globes.  Her suffering mounted as
Li worked his cock back and forth through the warm embrace of her cleavage. 
With each thrust the fearsome gloves inflicted new damage on the beautiful
breasts that imprisoned his pistoning manhood.  Every muscle in her body, bent
backward in the terrible tension imposed  by her cruel bondage, was aflame with
pain. 

	But still the ruthless rape of her breastflesh continued.  Soon tiny
pin-pricks of crimson began to appear between the fingers of the hellish gloves.  
Li was possessed of remarkable stamina, but now,  excited beyond measure by the
sensation of fucking the warm, soft, tight, and now blood-streaked valley
between Mee's luscious breasts,  he could no longer forestall the waves of
sexual ecstasy that washed over him and he exploded, shooting  geysers of hot
semen on to the brutalized tits that had brought him such exquisite pleasure.

	Exhausted from his exertions, Li pushed the suspended girl away. 
Nakamura approached, and with a few dexterous movements, released the
pain-wracked maiden from her horrific bondage.  And she collapsed limply  to the
floor before them.

	"Now, Miss Lo,  what was that again about my being an ugly cripple?" 

	The girl crawled across the tiled floor to him on her hands and knees,
looking down at the bruised and bleeding breasts she held submissively in her
hands before her, as if that would somehow relieve their distress, "Please sir,
I'm sorry. No more, for mercy's sake, no more."

	"Very well, Miss Mee; I assure you I have done no permanent damage to
your exquisite body. Nakamura and I have the utmost respect for precious things.
I trust that you have learned tonight that I demand respect in return.

	Li turned toward his Master of Erotic Ceremonies. "An evening of  rare
delight, Nakamura-san; I am in your debt."   And as he wheeled himself to the
door his eye was drawn to the beautifully embossed lunar calendar on the wall.
"The Chinese New Year begins next week, Nakamura-san; I trust that you will come
up with a suitable entertainment for our guests. The Lo sisters will only be
with us for another three hundred sixty-four days, and we must make their stay
with us a memorable one."

	As he peered more closely at the calendar, he saw that the new year
would bring The Year of The Cock   A good omen indeed, he smiled to himself.

Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.

Boccaccio




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Boccaccio


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





