BDSM Library - The Cabin In The Mountains




The Cabin In The Mountains
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master takes slace to cabin for a 4 day weekend. He does what He wishes.
THE CABIN IN THE MOUNTAINS

The cabin in the Smoky Mountains sounds like a place I would like to visit with
you!  The long curvy drive almost made me sick.  I get carsick easily.  It is a
good thing that there are so many pine trees that are tall around us.  It makes
it very cool and shady on the long drive.

We turn off onto a dirt road and drive on it to a hidden valley in the tall
pines. In the valley it looks like a deserted cabin. From a distance it looks
like they used a thick line to throw their wet clothes on to dry.

As we get closer I see that the rope is new and much too thick to be used to dry
clothes on.  I don't know what it would be used for, but I am sure you will tell
me when You are ready!

You park the car and tell me to strip. It is a deserted area so I think nothing
of it and I do as You said. You pull a box that is rather quite heavy, out of
the trunk. I ask, "what is in it Master?"  You tell me "I will find out soon
enough."  Then You carry it to the cabin door which You unlock with a key on
Your key chain.  You wave me inside, I go. You carry in the box and set it down
inside the door on the wood floor.

I stand and look around.  There is a comfortable looking sofa, a large bed, and
a table in a big room.  Off to the side is a kitchen small but holding a
refrigerator, stove, and a sink with a curtain on a rope spread open for a
doorway.

The table is strange. It has ropes at each corner and is slightly padded on top.
I see that there is a control that makes it higher or lower. Strange I would
think to have this.

I hear You say, "slave beth- come here.  NOW!!"  I rush to do as You say. I
kneel at Your feet, my ankles crossed, my breasts thrust out,my head lowered, my
thighs spread open so that You may view my glistening pussy if You want. "Good
girl."  As You pat me on the head.  " thank You Master JIM,"

Out of the box You pull a pair of restraints.  They are made of the type of
material that dog collars are made of except these close tight with velcro.  I
hold out my wrists knowing what they are used for. You put them on me, pulling
them tight and putting the velcro tabs together. You then tell me to lie on my
stomach on the sofa. I do it quickly. You slowly pull out of Your magic box a
fleet enema.  Then a butt plug.  "Please Master JIM, not that!"  As You rub my
ass You say, "you are mine and I will do as I please and this pleases me."  The
fleet is already lubricated and You slide it into my quivering ass. As soon as I
calm some at Your voice You start to squeeze in me the enema. While You are
doing that with one hand the other is busy lubricating the butt plug.

When all of the enema is in, You quickly replace it with the butt plug. You then
tell me to turn onto my back and play with my clit for You.  I do this and soon
my pussy is really wet.  "Don't cum slave beth!  Not yet!"  While I rub my
pussy, You unzip Your pants and take out Your cock.  You stroke it as it gets
hard, then You walk over to me. "I want Your mouth" you say loudly.

I open my mouth and turn my head towards You.  Putting Your cock to my lips You
tease me by sliding away with a slow hip movement to the side as I start to
close my mouth on Your hard cock. The second time You decide to let me have Your
cock. I begin to suck,Swirling my tongue as I go up and down the shaft. Watching
me rub my clit has made You very horny.

Your cock starts to throb, I know You will cum soon, I ready myself to take Your
load of life juices. As You cum down my throat I swallow every drop, knowing
that this might be my dinner for the night.

After You cum You tell me to move to the bed.  This I do with no hesitation.  As
I get on the bed, You go over to Your magic box again and pull out some dildos
of different sizes.  Picking 3 You come over to where I lay on the bed.


You stand by the bed pulling out of Your pocket a snake bit suction cup, this
You put on my clit and pump it a few times.  My eyes widen as I feel my clit
start to enlarge and fill the suction cup! Meanwhile You start to put the middle
size dildo into my pussy. Slowly You start to slide it in and out.  I am
writhing on the bed, needing to cum for my sweet Master JIM!  "May I cum for You
Master JIM?"   "No you must wait for me to say when you may cum."

You pump the dildo in and out faster ad harder, putting pressure on my clit with
Your other hand!  "you may cum slave beth, NOW!!" I scream out "thank You
Master!!"  I cum. I have multiple orgasims. I ejaculate also.  My cum runs down
into my ass crack!  It flows onto the towel that You had slid under me earlier.
Now I am quivering all over.  My orgasims finally stop. The shaking slows. "Oh,
thank You Master JIM!!" I say shakily.

"Now you know how it is to be full when you are fucked." " Yes my Master",
lowering my head and eyes at the same time.  "Now go take out the butt plug and
shower. The bathroom is off the kitchen in the back."  I find it with no
problem. Taking out the butt plug I find lots of relief for I had started to
have cramps.

After I finished on the toilet, I turned on the water in the shower.  I was
surprised at the heat of it. There must be a generator someplace. It was cool in
the cabin so there must be an air conditioner also thinking to myself. I stepped
into the shower and scrubbed until I was a bright pink, that was when I found
there were no towels!

"Master?"  He knew what I was going to ask.  "Come on out here!" Dripping my
footprints onto the wooden floor I did just that. "We shall have to find a way
to dry You off slave beth."


"Step outside into the light."  The sun was starting to slowly sink behind the
nearby mountain.  Master followed behind me as I walked out into the fast fading
light.  "There is still enough light." Said Master.  He smiled as he held
something behind his back. "Go over to the line slave beth."  He then knelt down
to the dog tie out stakes that were already in the ground.  I had not noticed
them before. Stretching my legs far apart he did the velcro tabs tight .

He now took me by the hands and attached them to the top of the line the same
way.  There were knots in the top line every few feet so I could not move much.

Then he took out of his pocket, stuck in there by the handle, a favorite flogger
of his.  He shook it out a little, then he took a few practice swings to get his
stance and distance right. Taking a well practiced swing he hit me square on the
ass.  Then he gave me a harder stroke again on the ass!  He let go with a much
harder one again on my ass! This time I yelled!  That seemed to please him for
he started on my upper shoulders and back! He kept stroking me on the back, ass
and the backs of my thighs until I was dry.  Then he started flipping the
flogger between my legs hitting me on my pussy. "Master, that only gets me
wetter when You strike there!"

He slowly stopped and moved quickly to my front.  "Hmmmmmmm, it seems like I
have neglected these!"  He swung the flogger back and let it fly over my
breasts.  Contact was made with my sensitive nipple.  He struck them again and
again.  Soon they were beet red. Stripes where he struck were on my back, up and
down my legs, covering my ass, and worse of all on my poor breasts!  He wasn't
satisfied that I was dry enough yet. He then flogged the stomach area and my
thigh fronts.

After an hour of flogging he crossed the yard in a few steps with his long legs
and went inside the cabin.  Oh no! I thought he was getting another flogger.  He
came outside in just a minute carrying a blanket!  He loosened the ankles first,
then he loosened the hands.  I almost fell to the ground.  Master caught me and
wrapped the blanket around my shoulders.  Keeping his arm around me for support,
we walked back into the cabin. It was getting dark and cooling off fast.  He
turned back the quilt and sheet.  Taking the blanket off me he guided me into
the bed.  He lay down beside me holding me close.

After about 1/2 an hour he said that he needed to go take a shower, the flogging
made him sweaty. "Would you be okay for a while alone?"  I was already asleep. 
Somewhere in my dreams I heard Master singing in the shower.

He slipped into bed with me, I turned to snuggle up against his warm body," We
shall start and end each day with a flogging." I snuggled closer to him and
said, "Yes my Master".

It is 8 am.  Yesterday was Friday; we have a 4 day weekend.  I was nude like he
ordered. "slave beth, come over to the rope line, it is time for the morning
flogging".

He secured my ankles and my wrists.  Again I was tied in a spread eagle
position.  He picked up his flogger, took a few practice swings and lashed me! 
He had several lashes on my breasts, hitting my nipples causing me so much pain
that I screamed!  He then started on my back and my poor ass. He spelled his
first name in welts on my ass.  Then he said " slave beth, I saw something I
don't like.  Stubble on your pussy....  I won't have that".

 He went to the outside faucet and put cold water in a bucket that sat beneath
the faucet. This he brought over and sat in front of me.  He then went into the
cabin into his magic box, getting a razor and some shaving cream.

Spraying the shaving cream into his cupped hand, he lathered my pussy until it
was not to be seen.  Then he picked up the razor. "slave beth, you know that I
wouldn't hurt you but don't move or you will get a bad cut and we don't want
that to happen!"

I said "Sir, I will try not to move."  He started to shave my pussy. I thought
that I got wet from my Master's voice, but this was so erotic that my pussy was
dripping and it was not the water that he used.

"Now that I am finished I have to go to get some supplies from the store just
down the road a few miles."  He left me to dry in the morning sun that was
shinning on my ass.

I must have dozed off because I heard Master's car pull in.  He parked and
carried two bags into the cabin, it was about ten minutes before he came out
again.  He had his camera with him.  "Oh, I guess I left you out here too long! 
Your ass is sunburned.  I know of a small pond over in the woods, a swim should
cool off that red ass."

I went to the cabin and got some towels and a blanket.  Master carried his
camera equipment and a basket lunch.  We had just walked about 1/4 a mile when
we came on the most beautiful and peaceful pond I have ever seen.  The water was
so clear that you could see the worn smooth stones beneath the water.  A small
water fall from a river that was higher fed the small pond.

We waded to a large boulder on the other side of the pond. Master said "Sit on
the rock, it will cool your ass."  I sat down.  The rock was cool where the sun
hadn't reached it yet.  Master took off his shirt and slid into the pond. " I am
going to lay here awhile and cool my poor ass." I lay back closing my eyes.

Master pulled himself out of the water and smiled. I was asleep.  He decided to
take some pictures.  The clicking of his camera woke me. I kept my eyes closed
and decided just to roll over to give him some front shots.

I rolled over.  I must have slept for quite a while.  As soon as my breasts and
stomach touched the rock I felt the heat of the it! Quickly I jumped up and
squealing I dove into the water.  I must have struck my head on a rock, the next
thing I was struggling to get to the surface. The current from the water fall
pushed me down again and again. Soon I felt strong arms around me.  It was
Master, saving my life. He towed me to the shore and helped me stand up.  He
took the blanket we had brought and wrapped it around my shoulders!  He stooped
down and picked up his camera case and the basket lunch that we had not eaten
and keeping an arm around me guiding me back to the shelter of the cabin. Inside
it was cool.  He set the basket down on the table. Then he gently (being careful
of the sunburn) he dried me with the blanket.

Going to his magic box he got out the first aide kit.  He made sure the he got
every spot of sunburn with the soothing aloe cream.  He then put a small cushion
on the chair seat. "Sit down, we will have lunch. You haven't eaten yet and I am
worried about your sugar levels dropping too low."

He got out 2 chicken dinners out of the basket and a bottle of wine. Getting 2
glasses he filled one f them 1/2 way and gave it to me. His he filled all the
way. Then he sat down to eat also.  After a while he refilled my glass, again
1/2 way. His he refilled all the way.  By the time we finished eating I was
getting a little giggly. I usually don't drink at all!  Master cocked his head
and looked at me.  " No more for you, my pet."

Rubbing his hands together he said, " I think it is time for My desert!" I did
not get any because I am diabetic.  "Up on the table and on your back slave
beth."  I got up on the table and laid on my back.


 Master stood up, walked to the side of the table and pulled some velcro straps
form underneath.  He placed one across my middle and secured it. Another was
secured around each ankle and pulled tight, securing my legs in a spread eagle
position. My arms were fastened above my head.

After that was done Maser rubbed his hands together and said, "Now to have
dessert!!!"  He sat down at the end with my legs spread open for him. He slid a
towel under my ass.  He used one hand to part my pussy lips. Inside, they were a
wet glistening pink. And they were getting wetter by the minute. Master asked,
"How is my pet beth this evening? Are you horny my slut?" He slowly circled my
clit with his forefinger on his free hand.  "MMmmmmmmmmmmm, I am always horny
when I am sensing Your presence my Master!" With that he slid three fingers deep
inside me and slowly beagn to pump.

All I could was moan and try to squirm a little to get him to touch me on the
clit again.  He rose and walked over to the magic box.  Pulling out a dildo he
stood a minute as if to make up his mind.  Turning he walked back to his chair. 
"This is going to be just fine, slave beth."  It had a switch to turn on to make
it vibrate. He turned it to on just before he slid it into my cunt.

Between the vibrations and the pumping it was not long until I was ready to cum
hard. "Master?  Master?  Soon please may I cum?"

"You may cum soon but not until I count to five."  He really loved being in
control of when I came.  "One."  He pumped faster.  "Two." He pumped harder.
"Three." My hair was all over my face.  "Four."

I was quivering all over.  "Five!"  He placed his finger on my clit and pressed
down.  "Cum bitch, now!!"  By now I was screaming out, "Oh my God Master!!!! It
feels soooooo good!! Please don't stop" I looked at him and he had worked up
quite a sweat!  It was running off his brow.  It was running down his arms.  His
shirt was soaked.


 He pulled it over his head exposing the strong muscles in his chest and arms
and tossed it over to the side. He climbed up on the table over me. Slowly he
undid his pants and slid them off, kicking them off the table.  With one hand
supporting himself, he guided his cock into me with his free hand.  It felt so
much better to have a real cock in me instead of a dildo this time. Slowly he
started to pull and push his cock inside and out of me.  He said, "you are my
cum slut aren't you?  You like to cum for Your Master don't you? I fill up your
horny pussy don't I?"  "Yes my Master, I am your cum slut and yours alone, You
are the only one to make me feel wanted, and like a woman my Master.  I love You
my Master!"  With that he doubled his strokes.  His hands covered my breasts and
he pulled hard on my nipples.  I screamed out in pain. "Aaahhhhgggg".  Master
fucked me faster and harder.  I could feel his cock start to throb inside me.
Just at the last minute he started to cum, he pulled out and put his cock to my
mouth. Swallowing all the cum, I looked into his eyes and saw the care that was
showing. "Master...You are so good to me!"    "Yes pet."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





