BDSM Library - Miss Strictlan's Lesson




Miss Strictlan's Lesson
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Bitch school teacher's sexual submission to one of her students.
FROM THE AUTHOR:

WARNING
This story covers a wide range of explicit sexual practices,
so if you are offended in any way by stories with strong sexual
content that you may consider abhorrent were it practiced in
real life, please cease reading now and delete the file.
If you are under 18, you have no right to read any further
and you MUST delete this NOW!

LEGAL STUFF
This story is Copyright by the author who retains all rights
whatsoever over publication in any form. It must not be
published on any pay-site or used in any publication for
profit without the author's written approval. The file may
be reposted to Newsgroups but must not be changed in any way,
must be posted in its entirety and must contain this
note "FROM THE AUTHOR" in full.

GENERAL
All names are fictitious and do not intentionally relate to
any person, either living or dead.
We love feedback if your want to let us know what you thought
please feel free to drop us an e-mail our address is
ofcorsits@hotmail.com


Miss Strictlan's Lesson

"David stay behind after class!!! We need to discuss the poor standard of
your work yet again!!!" shouted Miss Strictlan.  Not for the first time he
would be stuck behind when everyone else had gone home for the day. The
truth why he did so poorly in this class and no other was simple, instead of
doing the work and paying attention his mind drifted off into fantasy. Not
the usual schoolboy crush many pupils have about teachers, David thought
about fucking his teacher and doing it hard and rough. From the very first
lesson the two hadn't got on, she had picked him as the whipping boy to keep
the others in line.  "Put the fear of god into the little bastards and you'll
maintain order in the classroom" was her motto.
 All though the detention as Miss Strictlan complained about this that and the
other David's mind wandered and thought what it would be like if he was fucking
this bitchqueen over her desk.
 At forty four years of age she still looked pretty good her waist was slim, her
tit's stuck out and she seemed to keep herself in shape.
Of course he knew she'd never be interested in him, he was fourteen and no
girls seemed that keen, so he didn't think this woman would be either. It
simply was that the only thing that got him though the lessons and the
constant detentions was the thought of ramming his dick into her as hard and
he could.

Later that night when Miss Strictlan was alone in her bed, as she would
often do, she let her fingers fall between her legs and let herself have a
little release as she described it. Since her divorce some ten years ago she
hadn't had a sexual partner and since her work took up so much of her time
she hardly met anyone from outside school. A relationship with another
teacher was also out of the question not only were most married but it
wasn't only the children who disliked her, most of her colleagues thought
she was a vicious bitch as well. Sometimes she would use her vibrator to
bring herself to a climax and as the school year had worn on she found
herself thinking more and more about this boy David when she gave herself
up to this pleasure. As she slipped her six-inch toy between her pussy lips
she imagined him on top pounding into her without mercy. She knew it was
wrong to think such things but she always came so hard whenever she did. As she
reached her orgasm she could almost feel his cum shooting inside her.
She dropped her toy to the floor and fell into a deep satisfied sleep.

As the night brings its pleasure the day brings regret, once again she told
herself off for having this fantasy. As she got ready for work, she first
showered then laced herself into her corset she thought, I bet the bastard
would give it to me really hard if I let him, she smiled to herself not
knowing just how true this was. Finally dressed in her smart but formal
skirt and jacket she drove to work. "David! Once again your homework is
substandard, you'll have to stay behind once again!" Oh that's just fucking
great he though, he was supposed to be meeting a girl after school, the
first girl to show any sort of interest in him and now he was going to be
late.

Knowing he had a girl waiting somehow made it harder to think about fucking
Miss Strictlan, the image of her face as he humped away had got him hard,
but he just couldn't escape the situation into his usual fantasy this time.
About half way though the lecture he finally snapped standing up he was tall
for his age and stood above his teacher. "What do you think your doing, we
aren't finished, sit down this instant!"

"Oh shut up bitch" he replied, Miss Strictlan was shaken by this response,
she'd never had a student answer her back before, she'd quickly realized
when she started teaching that threats and intimidation worked, it suddenly
dawned on her she had nothing to fall back on. "How dare you call me
a........." before she had time to finish the sentence he slapped her across
the face. Not a hard slap as they go, but enough to enforce his will. It was
then that she noticed the rather impressive bulge in his trousers. She found
herself unable to take her eyes off it, strange as it may seem what went
though her mind was how all this was going to make her fun she had with her
vibrator much more fun than ever before.

Noticing what his teacher was looking at and of course he already knew he
was in so much trouble anyway he couldn't make it any worse, he said "Like
that do you Miss, then why don't you take out my dick and start sucking on
it." What happened next surprised him a lot, instead of running out of the
room screaming, as he's expected, she actually got down on her knee's and
was rubbing the front of his pants. Unzipping his fly and reaching inside,
she pulled his cock out, god that must be over eight inches long and thick
with it she thought. Moving her hand up and down she slowly wanked him off
as she licked the end of his cock looking up she could see his sneer turn
into a sly smile.

Closing her eye's she took as much of him into her mouth as she could
manage. Miss Strictlan found herself on her knee's in her own classroom, she
was sucking a boy's cock and she was loving it, she could feel how damp her
pussy was and she couldn't describe how turned on she was. Not used to this
sort of treatment David quickly shot a huge load of cum into Miss
Strictlan's mouth. "Oh you cocksucking bitch, that was so good"

"I'll do that for you anytime you want David" She said "But would you
please fuck me, I'll do anything you want I'll be a slut for you, but please
fuck me with your lovely prick", "Yeah why not slut, why don't you bend over
your desk and I'll sink my dick into you" he replied. "No not here someone
might see us and you'd never get to fuck me again, why don't you come home
with me?"

"Yeah why not I can spend all night fucking you in your bed" he smiled.
Together they drove to Miss Strictlan's house and went inside.
Miss Strictlan and David had got into the house, both with welling desire
and anticipation after the drive back from school.
David towering over her, so young and yet so manly, making the school madam feel
quite intimidated, after all she was only 5 feet 4 inches tall, quite
small to his large frame. Secretly she liked all this knowing how big he
was and not only in height. She knew that she longed to feel the size of
him deep inside. Now her breathing was becoming faster with lust and
passion. She, being in her 40's was now at her sexual peak. Her pussy was
soaking her panties and she could feel her labia swelling and tingling,
almost aching with need.

David grabbed her by the wrists in the hallway and pushed her slowly back
to the wall at the bottom of the stairway. Holding her hands above her head
and forcing her legs apart with one knee, he pushed his hips toward her
flattening her hard against the wall. She was struggling and shouting,
"Please no David" she cried whilst trying to slide down and away from the
tension of his body, "Don't be so rough with me, I promise I will do
anything you like but don't hurt me"
"Shut up bitch", David snapped back at her, forcing harder against her body
and roughly kissing her lips. Thrusting his tongue deep into her mouth and
biting her bottom lip.
Miss Strictlan, felt the passion and animal lust in David's body as he
pressed her and writhed against her in a fucking motion. She felt the
hardness of his cock pushing toward her soft stomach and she wanted to
scream from both desire and fear. She felt herself gradually responding to
his ruthless kisses and felt her own tongue working against his and her
mouth mirroring his lips. She moaned with desperate longing as she moved
her body in rhythm with his.
"You want me don't you, bitch?" he teased her; waiting for her reply "Mmm?"
he questioned her in a knowing way. Her response was obvious."Yes David, I
want you, so bad" David released her aching wrists and instructed her to show
him to her bedroom. Without hesitation she turned on her heels and approached
the stairs saying to him "this way". David let her mount the stairs a few paces
in front of him so that he could admire the full rounded calves of her legs and
try and catch a glimpse of the shadowy depths of her upper thighs.
Her skirt was just above her knees and was impossible to make out much from even
this low angle.
He mused over the many times he had gazed at her legs when she was sitting down
at her desk finishing off the register, totally oblivious to his
lustful stares. Sometimes she would sit with her legs slightly apart and he
could almost make out some lacy underwear but it was difficult to be really
sure.
On reaching the bedroom David stood at the side of the double bed nearest
the doorway and Miss Strictlan carried on walking round toward the other
side of the bed, nearest the window. David stared at her and piercing her
eyes with control, said, "Take off your skirt and blouse"
She felt mesmerized by his authority and tone of voice and just answered back
saying, "Yes of course, David"
Slowly she unbuttoned her blouse, realizing that David would now see that
her underwear was somewhat erotic. The deep red velvet top of a tight
corset was gradually being revealed. Her breasts were pushed up high and
her waist was tightly boned. David stood, admiring what he saw and feeling
the bulge in his school trousers wanting to break free from the tightness.
Miss Strictlan, removed the blouse completely and let it fall to the floor
and proceeded to unzip her skirt. The remainder of the tight red corset now
in full view. David could see the small waist and broad width of Miss
Strictlans hips and the fullness of her breasts, displaced almost by the
pressure of the restriction of the corset. She looked almost beautiful he
thought, "if it were ever possible for such an old fucking bitch to be
beautiful," he quietly mumbled to himself. He decided to put that sort of
pathetic thought out of his head. This woman was a mean old witch and she
needed to be taught a lesson or two. He knew full well she wanted the shag
of her life but he was going to make her feel very very humiliated first.
He wanted to watch that dirty slut, wank in front of him. Then she would
get his fat cock as a reward.

"Get on the bed and spread your legs, like the dirty slut you are" commanded
David, doing as she was told Miss Strictlan feel ashamed as her clean shaven
pussy was on display for the boy. "Well look at that, you keep that trim don't
you?" "Yes, I've always kept it shaved" she replied "Start playing with your
pussy Miss Strictlan, I want to watch as you wank yourself off for me" Slowly
Miss Strictlan began to rub one finger around her pussy lips, closing her eyes
she began to take deep breaths and little moans started to escape from her mouth
as it hung open in pleasure.
It was then as he started to undress that David noticed something on the floor,
with a sly smile he picked put the vibrator from where it had been dropped last
night.
He finished getting undressed and said, "What's this then Miss Strictlan?"
holding up the vibrator for her to see. Opening her eyes she was shocked to see
him holding her vibrator in his hand, and he was wearing nothing more than a
grin on his face. "It's my toy, David", "You should have told me about this,
naughty Miss Strictlan", "I'm sorry I didn't know, please don't hurt me I just
want you to fuck me, please fuck me"
"We can talk about your punishment later bitch, for now I want to see you fuck
yourself with your toy", Throwing the toy onto the bed between her spread legs,
he climbed on himself to get a good look at the bitch in action.
Miss Strictlan took hold of her toy switched it on and began to buzz her clit.
"Not like that you stupid slut, I want to see you stick that into your cunt!"
Doing as she was told Miss Strictlan wondered when she enjoyed being called a
slut, under ordinary circumstances she'd be deeply offended but here and now it
really turned her on.
David couldn't take much more he had to sink he dick into that pussy, a gentle
slap on her wrist made Miss Strictlan let go of her toy and giving it a twist he
pulled it out of her.
Smelling the scent of Miss Strictlan's womanly aroma on the toy gave David a
nasty thought how to humiliate her one last time before he fucked her. "Look at
all the fucking slime you've got on this thing, you need to clean it up".
Reaching for the tissues she kept for just this job bought a sharp response from
David. "Not like that use you're fucking mouth!" and he held the toy in front of
her face. Miss Strictlan placed her hands around David's and took the toy deep
into her mouth. She had to show him she'd do whatever he wanted and as she
tasted herself she made a pleasant humming sound.
"Now tell me what you want to do Miss Strictlan", "I want you to fuck me baby,
stick that big dick in me and fuck my slut cunt for all it's worth"
As he slip deep inside her he placed his arms around her head and grabbed a
fistful of her hair she wrapped her arms around his back and she gladly pulled
him inside.
"Your a slut aren't you Miss Strictlan?" he asked as he began pumping her. "Yes,
I'm your slut baby, now please fuck me hard lover". Building up the pace until
he was slamming his dick into her just as he'd imagined many times brought he's
older lover to an amazing climax and as her pussy spas med around he cock this
brought him off as well and he shot his second load of cum into his teacher that
day.
The two lovers held onto each other tightly and kissed gently, "I'm not really a
slut you know, but I'd like to be your slut if you want me?" said Miss Strictlan
"I know," replied David, he still had some lessons to teach this bitch.
After lying for a while together, David pulled himself away from Miss
Strictlans hot thighs and rolled over to the other side of the bed.
Stretching himself and sighing with relief and satisfaction. He was well
pleased with his out of school duties and smiled smugly to himself as he
looked up at the ceiling for a while. His mind drifting into further
fantasies and desires. Miss Strictlan's face was glowing with happiness.
She was glad that the day had turned out this way and that she had at long
last had the boy that she had imagined so often in her lonely bed.

Miss Strictlan sat up and said "One moment David, I need the loo" she swung
her legs over to the edge of the bed and tried to stand up but felt David's
hand clasping at her arm and pulling her back. "What are you doing, I wont
be a moment, please let me go?" she snarled at him. David just laughed at
her as she struggled and tried to pull away from him. " Your not going
anywhere without me" he sniggered "You want to have a pee don't you Miss
Strictlan?" She turned her head back to look at his face in disbelief.
Surely he will allow me that privacy at least she thought but when she saw
his piercing eyes looking into her soul she knew she was going to have to
face another humiliation.
"You guessed it Miss Strictlan" David snapped back at her " You are going
to show me how you pee, bitch"
Miss Strictlan's face turned crimson with the thought of this but still she
was so pleased to have this young boy in her house and the memory of the
recent fuck still reeling in her head made her want to please him yet again.
"Ok" she said, her head dropping with shame. She got up quickly and
David followed her into the bathroom. "Squat over the loo, slut!" David
said as he closed the door behind them. He moved towards her as she did as
she was told. Her legs parted and body slightly bent, she squatted down
hovering over the toilet bowl. "Yes that's right you dirty bitch" he
announced, "I want to see you pee". David's eyes now glinting with control
and enjoyment watching her he moved his hand towards her cunt. He parted
her lips and enticed her little clit. Miss Strictlan could not hold on any
longer and finally gave in to the movement of his fingers and the great need
to release her wee. She let the first trickle out very cautiously feeling
totally humiliated and not sure if she could allow herself to let all of it
come out. She was desperate though and thought to herself so what it's all
too late now anyway. Her stream of wee went forcefully down into the loo
and David continued to play with her clit and watched every drop of her
golden shower streaming from her body. "That's better bitch"
She wiped herself with the toilet tissue and started to wash her hands and
face to refresh herself from both her embarrassment and a way of putting the
experience behind her as quickly as she could. David watched her wash and
told her to wash her cunt. She did as she was told and David enjoyed
watching her handling her smooth pussy lips. The school day may have ended but
the evening had many more pleasures to come.
Miss Strictlan stood there in the bathroom while David grinned at her "Is
there nothing you won't do for me?" He asked, "You're my hunk and I'll do
anything you desire" she replied softly. "Get back in the bedroom and I
want you on your hands and knee's slut" he commanded adding a slap on her
backside for extra effect. "Yes of course" as they both turned to leave
David paused for a moment and noticed some baby oil on the self. Taking it
with him, this will come in handy he thought, as he followed Miss Strictlan
into the bedroom.

Without turning round Miss Strictlan got straight on the bed and sticking
her somewhat large bottom in the air she waited for her schoolboy lover on
all fours. "What are you going to do to me next?" she asked. In answer
David struck the right cheek of her arse with the flat of his hand. "I'm
going to give the naughty teacher a dam good spanking that's what!"
Following up the reply with a few hard swats to the same cheek. As he began
to work on both side of her arse Miss Strictlan bit her bottom lip and took
her punishment quietly.

"Right slut get your face down on the bed and reach around and spread your
arse wide for me, now bitch!" Miss Strictlan guessed what was about to happen
and she also knew she was powerless to prevent it.
She felt something wet was being squirted into her asshole, thank god he's going
to lubricate me first, she thought. "Please be gentle, I've never done it there
before" she pleaded. "So this hole is virgin then", "Yes, I've never done...
that before"

Miss Strictlan felt something at her back entrance and took a deep breath.
When she'd been married her husband had asked her for anal sex a few times, but
she'd always told him no it's disgusting and called him a pervert. Now here she
was about to let this boy do it without a word of protest, she
supposed she must have become perverted. As David slipped his finger into
her arsehole Miss Strictlan was relived it wasn't the boy's dick, though she
knew it was only a matter of time. "So what have you never done before Miss
Strictlan?" asked David. "I've never had this type sex before", "what type
of sex would that be Miss?" "Nasty sex" She replied.

David slipped another finger into his teacher's arsehole and asked, "What
type of sex is nasty sex then Miss?" Miss Strictlan suddenly realized he was
toying with her and decided not to give him the satisfaction. "I've never
been fucked in the ass before, so stop teasing me and stick your dick into
your slut's virgin asshole!" she shouted. David laughed at her response. "If
that's what you want then slut" Taking his fingers out he positioned his
baby oil covered cock at and in one fluid motion slid into her up to the hilt.
"Take that you bitch" as he began to pound away Miss Strictlan was not for the
first time today thankful she had a large bottom to cushion the blows from
the young boys hips. Miss Strictlan moved a hand down to her pussy and
began to play with herself, the sensation of having a man in her arse
wasn't to bad, and it didn't hurt as much as she expected. They both found
their climax and collapsed together as one sweaty body.

"Lets take a shower" she suggested, and together they washed the smell of
sex off there bodies, there was some tickling, some laughs and a lot of
kissing, not the rough animal kind when they first walked in the door, now
they kissed like lovers. Afterwards they went downstairs, David dressed in
his boxer shorts and a t-shirt and Miss Strictlan dressed only in her
corset, and she had only got to wear that much because David had liked the
look of it. Miss Strictlan made them something to eat and then they watched
television cuddled up on the sofa.

"Would you like a glass of wine darling?" She asked, "What would the school
think of you giving me alcohol eh? Miss Strictlan" David joked. "Well
considering you've had your dick in every part of me, it's a little late to
worry about what the school thinks," She joked back "Anyway it's Saturday
tomorrow neither of us has to be in school tomorrow and she handed him the
glass. Later that they watched a steamy late night movie and feeling the
hardness of his cock Miss Strictlan asked "Would you like me to take care of
that lover?" "What did you have in mind then Miss?" "How about a blowjob,
to be honest the rest of me is way too sore"

Washing the sperm down with the last of the wine, they went to bed and Miss
Strictlan fell asleep in his arms truly satisfied for the first time in years.
David however took a lot longer to fall asleep. Evil thoughts raced
though his mind, he had two close friends who could trust to keep there
mouths shut about anything. He couldn't help but remember the time they
managed to get hold of a blue movie, there was some woman taking on first
two then three men. The thought of making Miss Strictlan do this with his
friends was exciting. Then he remembered Kate the school dyke, she'd long
made it known how much she hated Miss Strictlan and that she'd do anything to
fuck her. However as she laid in his arms the thought of keeping her to
himself also had it appeal. As he drifted off to sleep he didn't know what
he was going to do, but he knew it would be fun.
The morning sun streamed through the pale pink curtains of Miss Stictlan's
bedroom.
She awoke to feel David's body behind her as she lay on her side. She felt
his hand sliding down her back and reaching under to touch her ass hole and
then further under to reach her pussy hole. His fingers were stretching a little
further now, to touch her clit. He was gently rotating his forefinger over
the little nub of flesh that was starting to protrude to his insistent
caressing. She felt her pussy starting to excite and moisture forming in her
pussy hole and she let out a low moan of pleasure and arched her back to allow
the finger to easily penetrate her.
David responded by inserting his thumb into her nice wet pussy and continued
massaging her clit. She could feel the hardness of his cock pressing into her
lower back and she so longed for him to fuck her again. "Well, well Miss
Strictlan, you are getting very wet for me aren't you?" David commented and
added, " I think you need to have a little bit of smacking to sort that out." He
pulled his hand away from her hot cunt and slapped it back down hard against one
cheek of her bottom. Then another slap came down even harder and Miss Strictlan
shrieked with the pain and surprise.
David pulled the duvet off from her body so that he could have a close look at
her bottom. "Mmm!" He smiled to himself, "That's going to need a bit more to get
it nice and rosy red" He commanded Miss Strictlan to roll over onto her tummy.
Which she did because she knew that she wanted so much more from young David and
she had enjoyed being with him more than she could have ever imagined.
David sat up and admired the arse displayed before him. Firstly he stroked each
cheek with the palms of his hands and then raised his right hand high and swung
it down really hard to smack the right cheek, which shook with the impact of the
slap, to which, Miss Strictlan winced. David loved it to hear her cry of pain
and it gave him a dark pleasure that he wanted to feel over and over.
He carried on smacking and changing cheeks keeping up the momentum until
both were pink and stinging. He bent his head down to them and licked the
pain momentarily from Miss Strictlan's poor burning arse. "Now that's a bit
better isn't it Miss Stictlan?" She nodded into her pillow.
Then David swiftly pulled her over onto her back and said, "Get up, I want some
breakfast, I'm starving" She dutifully did as she was told asking what he
would like to drink and eat. "I think I will start with toast and some fruit
Miss
Strictlan, have you any bananas in the house?" David knew full well she
had because he had noticed them in a fruit basket on a work surface in the
kitchen. He planned to enjoy eating his banana whilst eating pussy at the
same time.
Whilst they were both in the kitchen David opened the fridge to get out the
milk for their hot drinks and he noticed that there was a whole cucumber in
the salad box, its end sticking out slightly. David pulled it out quietly
whilst Miss Strictlans back was turned from him as she attended the kettle
and toaster. He quickly slipped out of the kitchen, sneaked into the
lounge, and hid the cucumber on the floor just at the side of the settee.
He was soon back into the kitchen and came up behind Miss Strictlan's back
and kissed her shoulders and slowly bit the nape of her neck gently, sending
shivers of pleasure down her spine.
"Right then Miss Strictlan lets sit on the settee and have our coffee and
toast shall we and don't even think of closing your legs I want them spread
open" David still in his boxer shorts and t. shirt decided he wanted Miss
Strictlan to be vulnerable and so ordered her to remove her corset.  She felt a
little bit embarrassed for herself but was getting used to doing everything she
that was asked of her.
 As they ate breakfast David looked at the teacher's nude body enjoying having
the older woman at his service. As soon as they had finished David commanded
Miss Strictlan to stand in the centre of the room with her legs spread and her
hands behind her head.

"Stay put slut don't you dare move I'll be back in a moment" David went
upstairs to the bedroom, he grabbed the baby oil then started to look for
what he was really after. He found it hanging on a hook and the back of the
bedroom door, Miss Strictlan often came to school wearing a silk scarf, he
knew she had several, he grabbed these and headed back down. Finding Miss
Strictlan exactly as he left here he took two of the scarf's and wrapped them
into a blindfold.

"Put your hands to your sides lover" he said, Miss Strictlan did as she was
told and he covered her eyes with the makeshift blindfold. "Please no."
She begged, getting only a slap across her already sore bottom in reply,
Miss Strictlan refrained from any further complaint. David then tied her hands
together using what was left and gave Miss Strictlan a few hard smacks on the
backside just for good measure. Moving Miss Strictlan over to the settee he
first forced her into a kneeling position and moved her down on the settee so
that supported her arms and upper body.

With Miss Strictlan's bottom displayed lewdly for him he began to cover it in
baby oil, it felt cool against her stinging skin, but also made her worry
about what he was about to do next. As David slipped two fingers into her
bottom she thought she was about to get fucked in the arse again, but then
he began to work two fingers into her pussy as well. Miss Strictlan forgot
about trying to work out what was happening and just started to enjoy the
treatment she was getting when David slipped another finger into her pussy
and then a forth. Unable to do anything except pant and moan she felt his
hand slide into her pussy. "Fuck!" she spat as he went into her up to his
wrist, "Fuck, ah ah fuck, fuck!" it amused David to hear his teacher talk
like this and he began to move his hand slowly back and forth a few inches
slowly fucking her with his fist.

David continued like this for a few moments before removing the two fingers
from Miss Strictlan's bottom. Taking the banana and placing it at her
arsehole he slowly began to push it halfway in. Removing his other hand from
her cunt he took hold if the cucumber and placed that and the entrance to her
pussy. "Are you ready for this bitch?" David asked. Miss Strictlan didn't
care anymore she knew she was just a servant for him to be used as he
wished. "Yes, lover, just use me for your pleasure" David pushed the
cucumber in as far as it would go and started an alternating push pull
action with the banana in stuck Miss Strictlan backside.

"Fuck me baby oh fuck yeah, fuck!" pleaded Miss Strictlan as she grunted her
way to orgasm. With another slap on her backside David then pulled down his
boxers and sat in front of her on the settee, moving her head to his cock he
lowered her mouth over it and she began to suck him immediately. He began
to pull and pinch her nipples as she deep throated him until another load of
cum made its way down to her belly. Dutifully she cleaned his cock.

Still blindfold and her arse and pussy full of fruit and veg David then got
Miss Strictlan to stand up and began leading her back to the bedroom, in the
hallway he noticed a box of clothes pegs grabbing two as they went past
David eventually got her into the bedroom again. "Well I can't fuck you
with these in here" he said pulling out the banana and the cucumber, "now
get on the bed I'm going to want more head in a moment". Miss Strictlan did
as she was told and sat on the bed and licked her lips ready to suck cock
again.

He placed one clothespeg on Miss Strictlan's nipple getting a yelp from her
in the process, the same happened when he attached the second and he placed his
semi-hard cock into her mouth. "Suck my cock and get me hard again so I can fuck
you" He commanded.
 As she sucked he played with the clothes pegs attached to her nipples making
her mouth do amazing things to his dick.   Soon he was hard again, "Now get on
all fours" Miss Strictlan got on her hands and knee's and wiggled her arse at
him to fuck her. David placed the head of his cock in side and began to tease
his teacher. "You really want this don't you?" he asked, "Yes, please stick it
inside and make me cum again, lover" She pleaded. David took hold of Miss
Strictlan's vibrator switched it on and slowly pushed it into her arse.


"Now your ready to be fucked again" he said with a smile and pushing his
hips forward he thrust himself into the older woman's wet and inviting pussy.
"Oh yes your a good fuck Miss", "Yes I am" she replied proudly "now really
give to me stud" David grabbed hold of her waist and began to pound into
Miss Strictlan with force. "Yes, yes, your so good, fuck your teacher like
the whore she is" Miss Strictlan cried out in pleasure. As the older school
teacher lay there she felt so wonderful then she reached another orgasm,
the sensation of Miss Strictlan's pussy as she came was more than enough to
cause David to do the same and they both stopped and got there breath back.

David untied Miss Strictlan and removed the blindfold, he then removed the
clothes pegs from her nipples and sucked and licked the blood back into them.
They kissed for a while and lay in each other's arms. They rested for a bit
until Miss Strictlan noticed he was hard again, she rolled on top of him and
sank her pussy over the schoolboys cock and rode her young stud for all he
was worth After they were finished she cleaned his cock with her mouth once
more. After a quick shower David advised her he had better be getting back
home, as his parents would be wondering where he was.
 "You will come back and have me again won't you?" asked Miss Strictlan worried
she may lose her lover, "Of course" replied David "You'll have to keep me
detention even more from now on" he smiled. Miss Strictlan drove him home and
dropped him around the corner in case anyone saw them, returning home she tidied
up and looking at her vibrator she placed it into the bedside cabinet. I won't
need you again she thought to herself, unless my lover wants to use it on me.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mr and Mrs Smith


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





