BDSM Library - The Tank




The Tank
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The female pilot of A-10 attack aircraft goes after an enemy tank and loses. Shot down and captured, the tanks - and its crew- have their revenge on her.
"THE TANK"
by conwic@aol.com


"AGHEEE!", she screamed in fear and rage as the man sank deeper into
her. She stiffened with the pain and grunted again, involuntarily
this time, as her rapist jammed his cock ever deeper into her aching
cunt, his strong hands cruelly mauling her large breasts. Her six
foot, muscular body, deeply tanned but for the white strips at her
breasts and crotch, was straining desperately but futility against
the ropes at her feet and hands which were holding her nude body
spread eagle against the hot, unyielding metal of the tank's front
slope as the rapist mauled her. Tears were leaking from her eyes as
she stared up at the grinning face of the Arab mounted on top of her.
Through her pain she could feel him emptying himself inside her,
spilling his despised seed deep inside her. She clenched her teeth
with disgust, her pain and humiliation twisting her strong features-
her high cheekbone and wide mouth- into a mask of hatred as the man
emptied himself into her. As soon he was finished, another man took
his place on top of her, brutally forcing his way into her cum sodden
passage. She closed her eyes against the pain and humiliation as he
began to rut in her, her mind racing back over the recent hours to
find out how she had ended up tied to the front of an old T-54 tank
and gang raped.

She knew that her name was Mary Manley and that she was a pilot in the
Air Force. Dimly, she remembered that she had been flying her Warthog-
an A-10 ground attack aircraft, escorting one of the C-130 transports
bringing food to the refugees around Juba in the southern Sudan in
what she thought of as another of those God damn "meals on wheels"
missions that were so popular these days.. She remembered orbiting
over the stationary C-130 and seeing three tanks suddenly appear from
the bush to attack the vulnerable transport as it unloaded. She
remembered attacking one of the tanks- her natural prey as an A-10
jockey- and being rewarded with an almost sexual climax as it
literally dissolved under the hammer blows of her 30mm cannon. After
all those years of training, she had gotten her first tank! The rest
was a confused jumble of impressions. Next she remembered her plane
beginning to shake as the instrument panel in front of her lit up like
a Christmas tree. The golden BB, she realized instantly; a round must
have gone directly into the air intake of her port engine and been
caught in the whirling turbine blades. Now the engine was tearing
itself and the plane apart; she knew that she would go with it if she
didn't eject immediately. She thought that the shock of the ejection
must have made her black out for a second. When she looked around as
she hung in her chute, she saw that the remaining two tanks had broken
off their attack and were moving to intercept her as she fell toward
the open field. Her wingman got one before the third one reached her.
Then, he broke off his attack when he saw that the remaining vehicle
had reached her position. As her wingman circled helplessly overhead,
the uniformed men who had been riding on the tank grabbed her at gun
point and put her on the back of the tank. Then the lumbering monster
had driven back into the sheltering bush with its human hostage. Mary
remembered the sinking feeling she had experienced in the pit of her
stomach as she watched the cover of the trees hide them from her only
connection with rescue, her wingman's A-10. She had not been afraid
until then, not even when the men had pointed their AK-47's at her and
stripped off her chute and helmet as they surrounded her. Only when
she realized that she was alone with these men did the fear come.

The first hour as the tank was losing itself in the bush was a time of
mounting tension for Mary, even though no one tried to hurt her.
Three angry looking, scruffy riflemen shared the back deck of the tank
with her, one of whom always had his weapon trained on her. Another
man rode in the hatch of the tank, its commander apparently. Unlike
the first three, he ignored her as he concentrated on guiding the
lumbering tank through the tree and bush covered Savannah land. The
heat and the stink of the aged diesel was making Mary a little sick at
her stomach though she tried to hide it from these men who were
staring at her so intently. This was the first time she had ever seen
a tank up close, let alone rode on one. She was much more use to
shooting at tank hulks on the practice range. She hated those tank
hulks; they were ugly, ominous looking monsters- like the targets in a
video game. Mary was sweating heavily now; her flight suit quickly
becoming saturated with her sweat and molding itself to her very
feminine body, uncomfortably emphasizing her large breasts. Seeking
some relief from the oppressive heat, she unthinkingly unzipped the
front a little to get some ventilation, leaving the zipper resting
between her breasts. The three men responded with obvious and growing
interest. Mary became increasingly nervous as they spoke excitedly
among themselves in a language she could not understand. Her mind was
racing now as she considered her position. She was alone, captured by
what she guessed were soldiers of the anti-Western Moslem
fundamentalist Sudanese government which was fighting the African
Southerners. It was apparent that they were getting over their
surprise at capturing a woman and were discussing the possibilities
her capture open up for them. She tried to put up a calm front, but
the fear was growing within her. The ugly image was forming in her
mind- Rape! As she always did when she was worried, she unconsciously
began running her hand through her short, black hair in an
unmistakably feminine gesture. As soon as she did this, Mary realized
that it was a mistake. Now the three men were closing in around her in
response to what they interrepted as the flirting gestures of a
Western whore.

Mary backed up until she was against the rear of the turret. She put
up her hands and shook her head "NO" as the three men closed around
her. It did no good. Two of them grabbed her arms as the third put
both hands on her breasts and squeezed hard. She screamed and tried
to free her arms. When that did not work, Mary threw herself
backwards onto the turret, dragging the two men with her as she swung
her booted right foot between the third man's legs. That put him out
of the fight as he collapsed onto the engine deck, clutching his
groin. Mary struggled to break free of the other two and jump off the
still moving tank. She got one arm free before a sudden darkness
overcame her. She never saw the tank commander swing his pistol at
her head.

As Mary slowly regained consciousness, she sensed that the vibrations
had stopped; the tank was not moving. She could feel hot metal
against her bare skin. With a shock she realized that she was naked,
that her flight suit and whatever protection it offered were gone. A
glance downward at her exposed breasts with their large, red nipples
brought her vulnerability home to her with the impact of a blow to the
stomach. She tried to bring her hands down to cover herself; then she
discovered that she could not move her hands. She tried to break
free, her muscular body straining against her bonds. Mary found that
she was helpless; that she could not move either her hands or her
feet. She saw that she had been tied to the front of the tank in a
half sitting, half reclining position. Her arms were tied above her
head to the barrel of the tank's main gun while each of her knees had
been tied to the remains of what had once been the tank's headlights,
spreading her obscenely. She saw that she had been placed so that her
vagina hung exposed at the angle made where the tank's sharply sloped
armor reversed itself and ran down and back to join with the tank's
undersides. Her cunt and asshole were, she realized fearfully,
perfectly positioned to be penetrated by a man standing on the ground
in front of the tank. There about 20 meters away in the shade of a
tree were the men from the tank, clustering around a small fire. Mary
looked around. She could not see anyone else. She was beginning to
feel the pain brought on by the way they had hung her like a side of
beef on the tank's front. The pressure on her arms was tremendous,
threatening to pull them out of the shoulder sockets. They alone
supported her as she hung there with her cunt and ass perched on the
edge of the tank's front slope. With her head throbbing from the blow,
it was hard to think. Still, Mary knew that she was going to be
raped; that there was nothing she could do to save herself. She could
only wait, bathed in sweat as her torso absorbed the tremendous heat
of the sun while her ass and upper legs absorbed the heat radiating
from the tank's armor. She felt as if she were in an oven. Images of
her coming rape filled her mind despite her efforts to control her
thoughts. She found herself moaning in fear.

Mary had no idea how long she hung there waiting and slowly baking.
One moment she was alone, and the next she opened her eyes and saw the
seven men standing there before her. All - but one-were bearded with
dark hair and skin. As she watched, they disrobed, laughing and
stroking their cocks. Mary tried to make them understand that they
could not do this to her; that she was a prisoner of war- that there
were rules! They ignore her unintelligible words. She tried simpler
communication, screaming "NO" and "PLEASE!" at the grinning, hairy,
unwashed men clustering around her. They laughed at her, replying in
their own sing-song language. Mary tried desperately to make some
sense of their words. She could not understand them, but deep within
the words she could hear the sound of the men's lust- low and animal
like. It terrified her!

The first man, a huge balding man, pressed between her legs, his erect
cock searching for her hole. She felt his cock press against her dry
cunt; then the pain lanced through her body and into her brain as he
impaled her on his member.

"AGHHHH!....NO....PLEASE....PLEASE!"

He buried himself inside her cunt with one powerful thrust and began
fucking, making her heavy breasts bounce with his brutal thrusts. His
cock was, Mary feared, shredding the interior of her vagina; it felt
like sandpaper rubbing against the unlubricated lining. The grinning,
bearded man leaned forward over her as he concentrated on raping her.
Immobilized by the ropes binding her to the tank, Mary could only hang
there as the man hugged her sweaty body to his own, his unwashed odor
enveloping her like a blanket. As he moved inside her, the pain from
her impaled vagina- sharp and intense- washed in waves through her
struggling body to her brain.

"OOOOOHHHH!.......UGHHH!...NO...PLEASEEE!", Mary screamed.

The man's powerful strokes drove her against the unyielding steel of
the tank. The man leaned back and shifted his hands to her untanned,
cone shaped breasts, squeezing them in time with his strokes, crushing
the soft yielding flesh in his callused hands. He continued impaling
her with his cock as he tried to crush her body and spirit. As he
fucked her, Mary moaned helplessly, impaled and humiliated, as the man
pumped harder and harder into her muscular, captive body. He was
literally knocking the breath out of her with each powerful stroke.
All she could see was his face, inches from her's, hypnotizing her
with its menace like a snake would its prey. She lost all sense of
time. Finally, he spent himself inside her. Mary could feel the
hot, wet sensation filling her; her only thought was the hope that the
wet feeling was from his cum and not her blood.

In a second, the man was gone to be replaced by another, younger man.
Her now lubricated cunt offered him no resistance as he buried his
cock inside her. He fucked her as brutally as the first man, seeking
her hot, tight cunt with his cock. He fucked her with short
jackhammer-like strokes as the tears streamed down Mary's face.

"NOOO!.....OWWWHHH....AUGHHHH.....STOP...NOOOO!"

He lasted only a moment in her wet, hot cunt, though it seemed like an
eternity to Mary. Another man replaced him, brutally sinking himself
into her and riding her. Her angry red, cum slick cunt was making
wet, sucking sounds as he stroked in and out of her, sending shivers
of humiliation up Mary's back. The man rode her hard, using her
breasts as handles as he fucked her bound body. He also came quickly,
giving way to yet another man. Mary began to lose track of numbers
now; was this number three or four, she wondered; how many more are
there? The squishy sounds of the next man's brutal invasion of her
cunt filled Mary's ears, replacing the receding pain with an
increasing sense of humiliation. This man was using her breasts like
the first man. Mary could hardly breath from the pain in her breasts
as well as the pounding her cunt was sustaining. The man had her
large, sensitive nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. He was
squeezing the red, swollen nubs in time with each thrust into Mary's
open, sopping wet cunt. He thrust against her with all his might, as
if he were trying to destroy her with the fury of his rape. She could
feel herself yielding to his assault, opening up admit his battering
ram of a cock. Then he was slamming into her, reaching all the way
to her cervix, splitting her with his cock. she had never felt
anything like this; it seemed to her fevered mind as if his cock would
just keep going until it came out her mouth. The man's deep pounding
seemed to Mary to last forever. She lost track of time as he brutally
invaded her body, impaling her on his cock as it reached deep and
deeper inside her. Tears, sweat , and drool ran down her face as she
stared up into the grinning face of the man who was pinning her to the
tank's front slope as if she were an insect on a mounting board. Her
mind could not comprehend his brutality.

she did not feel that man cum; her womb was numb from the repeated
blows from his cock. When that man finished, the next man took her.
He knelt down to stare at Mary's open, cum covered cunt, its delicate
lips red and swollen from the abuse she had suffered. Disdaining her
cum soaked cunt, he used some of the cum covering her crotch to
lubricate her asshole and his erect cock. He positioned himself at
the tiny star shaped opening to her spinster and shoved. Mary was
brutally jerked out of her shocked stupor by this new invasion,
screaming with renewed strength as the burning pain threatened to
overwhelm her. The man slowly penetrated her virgin asshole. His
first thrust only allowed his large cock to sink an inch or so into
the tiny anal passage. Again and again he thrust against her
resisting spinster, forcing his cock deeper into her back passage with
each thrust. The pain gripped her like a vise. Mary threw back her
head to scream to the skies for relief. She saw above her the long,
steel barrel of the tank's gun looming like a giant cock above her.
In her agony, it seemed as if it was the tank's gun that was splitting
her ass open. Surely, she thought, the pain was too great to be
caused by a man's cock! She braced her bound hands against the hot,
unyielding gun barrel as she frantically clenched her ass muscles,
trying to stop the impalement of her ass. It was futile. Inch by
painful inch that cock forced its way into her tight ass chute as Mary
screamed out her protests, her handsome features distorted into a mask
of pain. It seemed to her that she would go mad with the pain.

" AAHHH!.... NO!..LEAVE..ME..AHHHEEE!..ALONE!..AHEEEE!!"

After an eternity of burning pain in her no longer virgin ass, the
man was fully seated in her back passage, his cock hair pressed
against the woman's white buttocks. Then he rested both hands on the
hot metal slope and fucked, his cock the only connection between his
body and Mary's. As she screamed and whined, he began to move, slowly
at first but with increasing speed. His huge cock moved in and out of
her painfully expanding asshole until it no longer met with any
resistance from her stretched, defeated spinster muscle. Soon he was
sodomizing her with hard, fast strokes just as the last man had fucked
her wet cunt. Mary was consumed by a terrible agony; in addition to
the pain, she was haunted by a vision of her ruined asshole, fearing
that the man had permanently damaged her. She could feel a wetness
back there; it was her blood! It was her only lubrication now.
Harder and harder he fucked her ass, his sweat pouring off him and
dripping onto Mary's already sweat soaked body. He locked her eyes
with his as he raped her ass, tearing her away from her fixation on
the tank's steel cock as it loomed over her. He grinned wolfishly at
her, savoring her pain and humiliation. Mary stared back into his
eyes, unable to look away.

After an eternity, he came, howling like an animal as he filled her
ass chute with his burning cum. He withdrew, only to be replaced by
yet another man in her abused asshole. The new cock easily penetrated
her cumdripping rear passage; the man used her now open and lubricated
ass like it was her cunt. Brutally he too rode her. His jack hammer
like thrusts forced her body up onto the tank's hot metal front as he
assaulted her, reaming out her already stretched rear passage as Mary
whimpered underneath him. Eventually he too came, again douching her
ass passage with even more man cum until that it ran out of the
gapping, open spinster in streams.

To her surprise, the last man - boy actually for he was the tank
commander's paramour in ordinary times-chose to use her mouth. Though
he was only a boy, he attacked her as brutally as any of the older,
war hardened men, delighting in humiliating and hurting her. He
stood on the front slope of the tank, a foot on either side of her.
This put his cock level with her face. With one hand he braced
himself against the gun barrel; the other hand forced her mouth open
for his cock. His long, thin cock sank inside her mouth, its head
battering her tonsils as he assaulted her like a wild animal. Mary
could feel his hot cock riding over the top on her tongue. For the
boy, it was pure delight as the sensitive ridge on his cock's
underside was caressed by the soft, wet woman's tongue. He had been
in Mary's position enough times to know the humilation and discomfort
that she was feeling, but he did not care.It was his turn to be on
top. He gloried in dominating the infidel woman, in the wet, sucking
noises his cock was drawing from her mouth, in being a man with a
woman rather than the substitute woman for another man. Helpless in
her bonds, Mary could only endure, passively accepting his abuse of
her mouth Again and again, he drove his cock into her mouth, the
short wiry pubic hairs covering her nose at the climax of each stroke.
The musk of his unwashed crotch threatened to choke her as he used her
mouth like a cunt to the enthusiastic shouts of his older comrades.
Mary closed her eyes, but she could not close her ears to the wet,
sucking sounds coming from her own mouth, the warm feeling of the
boy's cock , or the strong taste of it on her tongue. As he fucked her
face, the boy let go of the gun barrel, balancing himself with his
left hand by gripping Mary's head, and shifted his other hand to
Mary's breasts. He squeezed and pulled on them as he fucked, trying
to rip them off as he kneaded and squeezed the ample breast flesh. A
sharp agony lanced through her breasts; the boy was working her
tender breasts as if they were made of playdough She tried to beg
for mercy, but nothing came out of her mouth except a muffled mummer.
He ignored her faint protests as he feasted on Mary's bound, womanly
body. Then it was finally over. He came, filling her mouth with the
bitter taste of his cum..Mary choked down much of it simply in order
to breath. It burned her throat as she forced it down. The rest
coated her tongue or ran out of her mouth, dripping down her chin and
giving her the appearance of an utter slut. The boy withdrew proudly,
pleased at having successfully imitated his elders in brutally raping
the older, Western woman. It was his first time with a woman..

Now Mary was alone with the pain coming from her raped cunt and
asshole. Her muscular body was totally exhausted, too weak to move.
She hung by her arms, her seat resting against the hard steel as her
rapists stood there looking at her. At the junction of her strong
legs, the closely trimmed vee of black hair was white with her rapists
cum; her crotch was saturated in their spendings. It covered the
red, swollen lips of her cunt and ran in streams out of her sore cunt,
falling onto the ground underneath. Similar long strands of cum fell
from her still obscenely open asshole.Her chin was also covered in the
white scum. Mary no longer cared; she only wanted to rest, to sleep.
She was about to do this when she felt the sensation of a foot lightly
kicking her leg. She opened her eyes to see one of the bearded men
grinning down at her; it was the one she had kicked in his crotch an
hour- a lifetime- ago. She saw the grin on his face. Mary braced
herself. The smiling man drew back his booted fooot and drove its
hard toe into Mary's abused cunt, catching her clit and slamming it
against the hot steel. The pain burned its way to her brain as she
screamed with all her remaining strength and then mercifully fainted.

It was the vibration of the old tank's engine which woke her. Dimly,
she realized that the tank was now moving again, and she was still
tied to its front. Her pain racked body vibrated in tune with the
tank as the ancient beast bullied its way through the undergrowth.
Slowly it forced its way down the too narrow track, the branches
punishing her nude body like hundreds of whips. Mary screamed until
her voice was hoarse as one after another of the branches raked over
her nude spread eagle body, finding her sore breasts all too
frequently. In Mary's fevered mind it seemed as if the tank was
having its revenge on her for her destruction of its companion; that
it was seeking out the thorny branches with which to scourge her naked
body. Again and again, the limber branches whipped across her
vulnerable, nude body, until it was covered with red lines and scraps
thugh the skin remained unbroken. Eventually, ahead she could see a
camp of some sort. With a sinking heart she saw that it was filled
with more old tanks, their crews gathering in front of each of the
steel beasts. The tank bore her slowly up to the other tanks, taking
her to them like an animal dragging the body of its kill back to the
pack. Offering to share its booty with the pack!
*********************************************************************
THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  conwic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





