BDSM Library - Seduction




Seduction
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An alien threated rape attempt. A tale of seduction that backfires.
Seduction


	In the dark corner where I usually sat, I saw her come in.  Tall and
lithe, she was a perfumed picture of femininity as she flowed through the doors
and down to a small, unoccupied table in the candlelit portion of the club.  She
was on the make, but my time-tested agenda of restraint reigned supreme and I
studied her without staring.  She would be euphorically primed by alcohol before
I would seduce her and savagely invade her unsuspecting femininity only to
withdraw as her own arousal betrayed her secret desires.  This night she would
return home exploited and wanting as I ravished my aging and obese wife with her
images floating through my memory.  It was a simple game of fantasy where
everyone got a taste of fulfillment without ever being fulfilled.

	The night was long as were my glances at the small firm mounds of her
youthful breasts.  She danced and whirled, drank and swirled with her would be
lovers who would cop a feel or press her close only for her to turn away with
feigned disinterest.  She was a real player, and called herself Britney in the
game of names.  How her hosts longed for her, and how she desired them while
hating herself and the desires she repressed with laughter and liquor.  As night
turn into morning, her coordination faltered and soon she found herself where
she had tried so hard not to be; alone.  I watched her intently, sipping on my
club soda and smiling ever so pleasantly at the over done waitress who
mistakenly assumed my desire for her was blind to the cellulitis that engulfed
her sagging skin.  The air was thick with smoke and the throbbing bass guitar,
as the crack head guitarist tried to make his melodies worth the applause from
the drunk over in the far corner.  It was time I made my move.

	Sliding into the chair next to her, I crooned my previously rehearsed
love songs, keying on the phrases that made her gaze lighten until she began to
open her beleaguered soul to my feigned interest.   Giggling and gurgling she
mourned of lost loves and spent hopes, wondering if she could ever really feel
loved.  Feelings were so fleeting, I had observed as I wrapped my arm around the
delicate shoulders that easily melted into my embrace.   In the amount of time
it took me to receive the over diluted libations from a suddenly snotty
waitress, we had evolved from inquisitive strangers to intimate sole mates.  

	I suggested the night air would be more pleasant elsewhere, and she
nodded her silent agreement before excusing herself to stagger into the depths
of the ladies room.  I stood quickly and strolled past the door into the cool
night air, fumbling for the condom with my left hand while singling out my car
keys with the right.  This was almost too easy.  After a few tense moments, she
came to my side and, tucking her arm securely in my own, I escorted her to the
family sedan parked on the dark side of the lot.  As she eased into the
passenger side of the car, I planted my fist firmly on her right jawbone,
temporarily ending her awareness.  The look on her stunned face was priceless. 
Making a quick survey of the near empty lot as I slid into my seat, I brought
the motor to life and eased the car on to the now quiet thoroughfare.

	Driving past the subdued lights of the suburbs, I stole glances at my
senseless quarry as her head rolled from side to side with the motions of the
car.  She was a sensual temptress with her skirt riding high on her well-shaved
thighs.  My heart raced with each passing moment, eager to explore the treasure
concealed beneath the thin veil of her clothing while anxious for her reaction
to my forceful invasion of her private sanctuary.  As we passed through the last
signal on our way out of town, a dark van pulled onto the highway behind me and
Britney began to moan.  I began to panic, wondering if I had overlooked someone
or something somewhere that may have triggered a response from someone she knew. 
My throat tightened as did my grip on the wheel as I made a quick U-turn and
sped past the van on my way back towards town.   At the first cross street, I
made a screeching right turn before slamming on the brakes and, jerking the
passenger side door open, I shoved my intended victim out onto the damp
pavement.  Before I could close the door, the van screeched to a halt in front
of me and two dark black leather figures with dark visored helmets leapt to the
side of my car and pointed the muzzles of their sinister rifles at my head and
crotch.  Britney moaned and rose slowly to her feet as did I when I stepped from
the car with my hands behind my head.  I could hear muffled sounds emanating
from the back of the van just before one of the girls reached Britney and the
butt of a rifle slammed into the back of my skull.

	The room was incredibly white as were the two platforms that hovered
noiselessly in which Britney and I were secured.  We were naked and warm.  A
small plastic tube protruded from the tip of my cock that was filled with
pockets of bubbly semen that oozed slowly to a small covered collection bottle
positioned next to my thigh.  I could feel a pulsing mechanism of some kind
firmly pressed against my prostrate that sent electric charges through my
abdomen which triggered a steady release of bubbly sperm from my flaccid
genitals.  My balls ached and throbbed as did the muscles from my abdomen from
the constant stimulation.  Sweat trickled down my forehead and exhaustion
overwhelmed me. 

	Britney was surrounded by three female figures, and I say figures
because their bodies were definitely feminine but their faces were definitely
alien.  Their eyes were almond shaped black orbs and their noses and mouths were
tiny openings.  They had no hair and apparently no ears and their small necks
appeared incapable of supporting their pear shaped heads.  Their gray bodies
were uneventful save the dark circles that corresponded to their nipples and
pubic area.  They had very few distinguishing curves and they studied Britneys
pubic area intensely despite her muffled protests.    When Britneys eyes finally
met mine, there was a haunting terror reflected within that I had never seen in
any of my victims before, and I became fearful for the two of us; vowing to help
her if I could.

	"What ritual is it you used to seduce this female," asked an alien
wordlessly as she approached me silently.  I didn't know how to respond to the
telepathic imagery that flooded my consciousness and decided to play dumb.

	Again; "What ritual?"

	I played dumb, starting to tremble at the fear of consequences that were
almost immediately forthcoming.  A jolt of current shot through my abdomen
mercilessly, and blood mingled with my next milky discharge which prompted my
immediate response.

	"Control, I guess," I stammered as my torso relaxed just enough for my
butt to touch the platform.  How quickly my seductive dream had turned into a
nightmare.

	"Why?" Another jolt tore through my exhausted genitals sending a geyser
of frothy blood-tainted seed into the collection jar and my hips high into the
air in agony. 

	"Shiiiiiiiiit; I don't know," I spat in defiance as my abdominal muscles
began to cramp uncontrollably.  My breaths were coming in short pants now as
sweat clouded my vision.

	"Within your loins are the keys to mankind, yet you abuse your species
birthright with savage brutality!  You call us alien only because we have lost
our conceptual abilities due to a virus we are trying to protect your species
from!"  Still another jolt tore through my abdomen of such voracity that the
scant pubic hairs on my balls and surrounding my genitals began to smolder.  My
flaccid cock suddenly grew with all its glory towards the most awesome erection
it had ever displayed; maintaining its magnificence momentarily before the glans
became an angry reddish purple and exploded, splattering the entire area above
my waist with its bloody remnants.  I screamed and don't remember anything more
until I awoke back in the driver's seat of my sedan.

	"Welcome home," Britney purred as her hand smoothed the side of my face. 
She smiled sweetly and glanced down towards her exposed pussy, revealing one of
the cleanest shaves I'd ever seen.   "Would you like some of this," she cooed as
her hand eased one of her firm breasts from the confines of her lacy bra and
guided its creamy expanse over to my lips.  I shifted my position on the bench
seat to accommodate the hardened nipple, and took my first taste of the firm
wrinkled flesh that was so alive with her arousal.  She was delicious.  My hands
fumbled with my belt buckle and soon the cool morning air was soothing my
tortured torso.  Only when I glanced at the remnants of my masculinity did the
full impact of my alien seduction became apparent.  Where once my proud manhood
had risen to its full glory, was now a smooth, firm patch of skin with a small
opening covered with a tiny flap of skin.  I sank back in my seat in shock.

	"Don't lament, earthman," purred Britney as she nibbled my ear gently;
"I persuaded my ships surgeon to let you keep one of your testes, so you'll
still have your desires - maybe now you will use them in a socially acceptable
manner!"  She giggled as she opened the door and stepped onto the curve. 
"Thanks for the ride!"  Even as she stepped away from the car, I could see her
face began to change through my tear blurred eyes.  I drove away sobbing, and
glanced up only once in the rear view mirror to find that she had disappeared. 
My wife never believed me. 


This is solely a work of fiction and no harm is intended.  Please send comments
and inquiries to ufpe@hotmail.com. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





