BDSM Library - My Sweet Stallion




My Sweet Stallion
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Girl does oral on her horse as boyfriend does her from behind.
MY SWEET STALLION

We rode across the fields in the nude.  The motion of the horse and the gentle
rocking motion of the saddle together almost made me cum lots of times.

This ride was no different than any of the others.  We stopped far into the
field to rest the horses.  My horse was a small stallion named Sweet Stuff. The
other horse was a gelding named Big Match.  He was larger and needed a stronger
hand on the reins.  My boyfriend rode him.

I usually rode nude but my boyfriend, whom had sex with me on a regular basis,
was starting to get blisters where he shouldn't!  It was funny to watch him try
to ride English style on a western style saddle to avoid the blisters!  I took
pity on him and got off my Sweet Stuff.

He asked, "Why do you call him that?" Instead of answering I decided just to
show him.  He swung down off his horse to see.

I bent under my Sweet and started to lick on his horsy cock.  There before his
eyes the horse cock started to grow.  But I was far from done. I told him,
"Watch this!"

I took the head of his horsy cock into my mouth. My mouth was stretched wide
open trying to get it all in my mouth.  I finally succeeded, then I started to
suck him until he got harder and harder!  You could see the big veins in his big
cock!  He started to throb in my mouth.

 As that was happening, my boyfriend slipped behind me and fingered my pussy. 
It was soppy wet!  He asked if I was ready for some field fucking.  Now I don't
know if that is any different than any other fuck but I was game for anything.
He slipped his cock into me, I started to get the giggles but I could not tell
him I was comparing his cock to Sweet's cock.

Sweet was almost ready to cum on me, Danny was almost ready to cum in me!  I
felt Danny cum in me first.  Then Sweet started to pump his swollen cock into my
stretched mouth. It seemed like he came a gallon in my face and in my mouth. I
tried swallowing some. But it was very bitter tasting and I gagged on it.
Getting from under the side of the horse I stood up and wiped my face on the
corner of the saddle blanket.  I turned and Danny put his arms around me, he
lowered me down onto grass and said "You are wonderful girl, but let's take a
nap, before you try to get me to fuck again!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Andreabeth Pratt


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





