BDSM Library - Parker Misc Stories




Parker Misc Stories
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Here list a series of short stories by Parker. They are short but still the same Parker's style.

                                   TWELVE.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                               TWELVE YEARS LATER
                                   By Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

              WARNING: Included within the text of this story are
              depictions of non-consensual sex between members of the same
              and the opposite sex. This story is nasty, brutish and
              short. Any resemblance to the characters and events depicted
              herein and real life is entirely intentional.

       =================================================================

Twelve years later...

Well, almost twelve years. With a perfect record - it's hard to get into
trouble when you're in solitary - and some effective lobbying by various
"battered womyn's" groups for whom she had become something of a hero, Paula
was free on parole in a little under ten years. Two years less than an already
absurdly short sentence. Of course, she'd had to make all the right noises and
gestures to obtain her freedom: remorseful confessions... long, heartfelt
letters to her family, and, of course, the right organizations... a new-found
religious belief...

Whatever it took.

Paula sighed as she closed the hotel room door and flopped backwards on the
soft bed, her long blonde hair splayed out on the bedspread.

It was boring. 

Tedious. 

Mindnumbing.

But worth it. Oh god, it was worth it. 

She was free!

Her thin lips - devoid of makeup, of course, in keeping with her image as a
penitent - twisted upwards in a contemptuous sneer. Those idiots lapped it up
at the trial and they were still lapping it up. She couldn't help but laugh at
the memory of Karl staring out at her from the prisoner's box. The memory was
almost as delicious as the look on the face of that idiot prosecutor the first
time he saw the tapes.

After the deal had been done. 

He - Karl - knew... they'd played their sadistic games together often enough
that she knew that he knew what was happening... and that she'd win.

Like she always did. And she had!

He was rotting in jail for the rest of his life while she, who had participated
wholeheartedly and with twisted delight in the kidnappings... the rapes... the
murders... was free. And more, she was booked solid on the talk show circuit
for the next three or four months. Geraldo... Donahue... Ricky Lee...  After
that, she'd be set for life, with enough money to retire to some warm paradise
and fuck her life away with all the young studs her new wealth could buy. Paula
couldn't help but shiver at the thought of it as a familiar thrill of sadistic
lust coursed through her belly. She dropped her hand to her crotch and rubbed.

Maybe she'd send him a postcard.

Her hand began to move more quickly, rubbing her sopping cunt through her
conservative, grey skirt as the thought of Karl receiving her postcard - a
warm, beach sunset - in a prison cell set off a short, intense orgasm.

Perfect.

Laughing, she slid off the bed and walked into the large bathroom. A couple of
hours in a luxurious bubble bath followed by a night on the town...

Just what the doctor ordered. 


                                      ***

A couple of hours later...

Well, not quite a couple of hours. She'd planned to spend longer relaxing in
the tub, but the necessary parody of "good" behaviour had taxed her patience
and the tiny orgasm she'd experienced on the bed had whetted her appetite for
more. She wanted to party! In the end, Paula had been out of the tub, makeup
and party clothes in place, and into the club within the hour.

The terminal, repetitive bass of the latest 21st century dance music throbbed
heavy and thick in her head through a warm haze of smoke and alcohol. Dizzy and
more than a little overwhelmed by her first taste of the night life in over a
decade, she staggered out the rear exit for some fresh air. A short breather
and she'd be ready to go again...

Paula's ears were ringing from the music, so she didn't hear them coming up
behind her until it was too late. A gloved hand reached around from behind her
face and pulled her backwards. Arms flailing, Paula opened her mouth to scream,
but succeeded only in smearing her bright red lipstick over the black leather
glove as it filled her mouth. The familiar metallic click of handcuffs fastened
her wrists together behind her body and a heavy leather sack was brought down
over her head. She finally managed to gather her breath for a muffled scream,
but it was already too late. Thrashing wildly, she was thrown down and the
trunk hood slammed down...


                                      ***

An hour later...

Or was it? 

The mind played tricks in total blackness. And fear was no aid to clear
thought.

A blast of cool air swept over her as rough, gloved hands grabbed her blonde
hair and jerked her headfirst out of the car trunk. Paula let out a quiet
whimper as her miniskirt caught and then tore on something hard and sharp.

A man laughed. 

Stumbling blindly on her high heels, she followed her captors as they half
pulled, half pushed her along. Eventually, they came to a halt. Paula heard
some male voices talking, but couldn't make out the words though the heavy
leather of the sack. Straining, she heard a metallic slam as a heavy door
crashed open in front of her. She was pushed through and, as her heels clicked
hard and hollow against the rough concrete floor, she knew where she was.

In prison. 

They had brought her back to prison.

What was happening?

Tears ran black streaks of mascara down her pasty cheeks and dissipated in the
warm, sticky perspiration which beaded and pooled on her face in the dark,
sweaty confines of the leather hood. Fighting to remain on her feet, Paula
followed her captors down one long, concrete and iron hall after another. Then
into an elevator; Paula panted for breath as the slow, jerking descent settled
like dread in the pit of her stomach. Without warning, a hand ripped open the
front of her blouse. She shrilled into the leather mask, twisting and squirming
against the elevator wall as a rough hand jerked one large, soft breast out of
her bra and mauled it.

A male voice said something and the hand went away.

After what seemed like an eternity, the elevator stopped and another long,
blind walk began.

Doors slid open and slammed shut, hollow and heavy. Finally, the walk came to
an end and Paula was pushed into a wall. A hand grabbed the top of her hood
and, without warning, tore it from her head.

Gasping at the cool fresh air, Paula blinked as her eyes adjusted to the weak
florescent light. She was in a short, concrete corridor, studded with heavy,
metallic doors. Two doors were open.

Solitary.

But not the solitary she was used to. Just a short, concrete hallway half lit
by a row of flickering florescent lights.

"C'mon cunt." One of the men grabbed her by the arm and dragged her down the
hall. "They're waiting."

Waiting?

The men, wearing the blue and grey uniform of a prison guard Paula now saw,
pushed her roughly ahead of them down the hallway. She stumbled along in front
of them, her hands still cuffed behind her back. A few moments later, they
passed one of the open doorways. Paula glanced inside and stopped in her
tracks.

It was Karl. 

Her ex-husband. 

Naked, his body covered with welts and bruises, he was bent double over the
side of a rusty metal cot.  A thick chain ran from a heavy leather collar to
the head of the cot.  A large black man knelt behind him, brutally thrusting
his crotch at Karl's naked ass.

Fucking him.

Paula let out a wordless scream. Karl and the black man looked up at her
through the open doorway. A look of doomed recognition came over her
ex-husband's face. He opened his mouth to speak, but only managed to gasp in
pain as the black man pulled back and brutally buried his cock deep into Karl's
bleeding ass. A thin line of drool trickled over Karl's lips as he jerked
forward over the cot. Paula stifled a second scream as she stared at Karl's
open, toothless mouth.

"C'mon boy," the black man growled, slamming his fist into his plaything's
thigh, "I'v tol' y'befo... y' squeal 'n I fuck ya." Karl let out a loud, pain
filled squeal, bucking in pain as the man brought his fist down on his bruised
back.

One of the guards jerked Paula away. "That's enough," he told her, pushing her
down the hallway towards another open doorway. "You'll have lots of time for a
reunion later." Paula looked up at the guard, her eyes wide with fear. "H-he
beat... me," she gasped.

It's not my fault!

"Uh huh."

The guard shoved her through the open doorway into a small cell containing
nothing more than a small, metallic cot...


                                      ***

Moments later...

Paula grunted in pain as the cock burned its way into her dry, unwilling cunt,
slamming her stomach into the side of the cot. Her grunts were muffled by the
long, hard cock sliding in and out between her lips. 'No teeth,' the man had
warned. 'Or we'll take them out.' The image of Karl's toothless mouth served
warning of the reality of that threat.

"Hurry up in there," a man cried from behind her.

"No rush," came the answer. "She'll be here for a long time."

>From the other room, the distant sound of Karl's squealing rang in her ears as
Paula's body jerked back and forth like a helpless puppet between the two men.

A long time...

                                    THE END
       =================================================================






                                   AWAKE.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                     Awake
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

"Do you know anything about hypnosis?" 

"Huh?" I looked up, startled. I'd been examining some sort of riding crop which
I'd found lying on a shelf behind some books.

Cynthia smirked. "I asked you if you knew anything about hypnosis," she stated.

I shook my head, turning away from the shelf. "Not much. Just what you see on
television, I guess."

"That's all nonsense," Maria said, getting up from the couch. "It's not at all
like that." She seemed angry for some reason.

I stared at her, wondering what was going on. I wished I'd been following the
conversation leading up to the discussion of hypnosis. As it was, I didn't have
the faintest idea what they were talking about. And I'd so wanted to make a
good impression; I had just moved into the neighbourhood, and Cynthia - from
the apartment next door - had invited me over to meet some of her friends.
Those friends had turned out to be a tall, willowy blonde woman named Maria, a
tenant in the same building, and a short, bookish woman named Sherri, from the
apartment across the street. Everything had been going along fine until I'd
accidentally came across the riding crop. It had sent my mind wandering down
strange paths.

"Let's show her." Cynthia walked over to me and put a hand on my shoulder.

"What?" 

"Sherri studied psychology in college," Cynthia explained. "She's had some
training in hypnotherapy." I looked at over at Sherri who nodded and smiled.
Was this a joke? "Let her show you what it's like." I wanted to object, but I
was suddenly struck with an overwhelming sense of deja vu. Bemused, I allowed
my hostess to lead me over to the couch and sit me down. Maria started to say
something, but fell silent and turned away. "Sherri's put me under a number of
times," Cynthia explained reassuringly. "You'll love it; you wake feeling so...
refreshed."

I still wasn't sure whether or not this was a joke, but I decided to play
along. I was, after all, the new woman on the block. So I sat there while
Sherri, who hadn't really said more than half a dozen words all afternoon,
pulled the ottoman forward and positioned herself directly in front of me. She
was kind of attractive, in a mousy sort of way; my mind slipped back to the
riding crop. "Just relax," she said. I half expected her to pull out a pocket
watch and dangle it in front of my face, but she just kept speaking in that
soothing tone of voice. She told me to focus on a spot just behind her and
just... relax...

I drifted... 

For a while, I had a weirdly familiar sense of something happening around me. I
almost felt hands on my body, tugging at my clothing... Almost, I had the
feeling that someone was handling my breasts... I very nearly thought that
someone was running something cool up my leg...

I awoke. I had been completely undressed. My legs were spread wide and a naked
woman - Cynthia - had her head buried in my crotch, sucking and licking at my
pussy. Maria, also naked, stood a few feet away. She was rubbing her ass, which
was bright red as though it had been beaten. Her other hand was sliding up and
down over her pussy. I looked down and saw the riding crop in my hand.

Sherri - Dr Clarke - walked into the room. She was naked too. As usual. She
gestured at Cynthia and then at the riding crop. "I'm next," she said.

"I know," I told her. She never missed a chance. I reached down with my free
hand and gripped Cynthia's thick brown hair, pulling her face into my crotch.
She groaned and licked harder.

I looked back up at Dr Clarke. "How long this time?" I asked, sliding the
riding crop across Cynthia's ass.

"Fifteen minutes."

Fifteen minutes. Should be enough time. I pulled the riding crop into the air.






                                   CHANGE.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                     Change
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

Anxious, I checked my watch for the fifth time in as many minutes. How long
could it possibly take her to change? Women! The dinner started in half an
hour, and the election was tight enough without me being late for my own
fundraising events. I looked around the clothing store, hoping to find a female
attendant to check the changing rooms, but the store seemed empty. I walked
over to where a hung curtain separated the changing area from the rest of the
store.

"Janice." 

No answer. I tried again, louder. 

"Janice." 

Still nothing. 

I looked around the store again: still empty. Did I dare? Another glance at my
watch told me I did. After one more quick look around to make certain no one
was watching, I pushed aside the curtain and slipped into the changing area. It
was a small hallway with three mirrored doors on each side. Five of them were
open. I walked up to the closed one and almost knocked before I realized where
I was. What if it wasn't Janice? It wouldn't do to get caught in the woman's
changing room. I thought for a second and then decided to sneak a quick look.
If it was Janice, I'd knock; if it wasn't, I could always slip out with no one
the wiser. Feeling a bit silly, I tip-toed forward and put my eye to the crack
along the doorframe.

It was Janice, but she wasn't alone. She was standing in the middle of the
small change room, topless. Another woman, a tall blonde, stood directly behind
her. The blonde woman had her arms around my wife, one fondling a naked breast
and the other down the front of her pants. Janice was breathing hard; her eyes
were closed and she had a dreamy look on her face. I watched for a few seconds
and then forced myself to pull away. In shock, I wandered out of the changing
area and over to the store entrance where I stood, dazed, waiting for Janice to
reappear. I don't know how long it was - five, ten minutes? - before she
eventually came out. "Sorry about the wait," she said casually. "Just wanted to
try on one more blouse." I think I stammered out some sort of reply, but I
can't remember what. The rest of the evening passed in a blur.

I replayed the scene in my mind a hundred times over the next few days. My
feelings ran the entire gamut from furious, to hurt, to frightened and,
finally, to curiosity and arousal. To make matters worse, I'd started imagining
all sorts of strange behaviour on the part of Janice: how she was sometimes a
little late from work; how the trip to the corner store for milk somehow took
longer than normal. Then I would convince myself that I was just imagining
things. Then I would be certain that something was happening. Then...

By the end of the week I was exhausted.

On Saturday, she asked me to drive her to the mall so she could pick out a new
summer dress. Needless to say, I jumped at the suggestion, hoping to learn
something about what was going on. Once we arrived at the store, Janice picked
out a couple of dresses and disappeared into the changing area. I waited for a
bit, looking about the store to see if anyone was watching. Just like the
previous week, the store seemed to be completely empty. Before my luck could
change, I walked up to the changing area and slipped inside. Again, just like
the previous week, five of the six doors were shut. Trembling with excitement,
I crept up to the door and put my eye to the crack.

It wasn't Janice. The woman, half undressed, caught sight of me through the
door and let out a scream loud enough to pull the store down around my head. I
stumbled away from the door, frightened half to death. Where was Janice? I
started to run out the entrance to the change area, but held back as I noticed
that the store was filled with people, all of them staring at the entrance. The
woman's screaming had attracted a crowd. By now, I was starting to panic. What
would it look like if I were caught here in the woman's change area like some
kind of peeping tom? The best I could look forward to was the death of my
political career, never mind my marriage. I had to...

"You're Ted Randall!"

I turned to see a woman coming out of a doorway I hadn't noticed before, at the
other end of the change area. She wore a name tag; obviously she worked at the
store. "You have to help me," I stammered. "There's been a terrible mistake."
The woman in the change room screamed again, something about rape. "Please." I
was almost in tears. "I was just looking for my wife."

The woman looked at me for a second and then nodded. "Come in here," she said,
gesturing towards the door. I did as she said; it was a makeup and change room.
"Wait." She shut the door. I listened in fear as she helped the screaming woman
out of the changeroom. There was some more yelling and talking and then they
fell silent.

A few seconds later, the door opened up and the woman came back in. She looked
grim. "The woman's upset," she told me. "She's calling the police."

I looked around. "Can you get me out of here?"

She shook her head. "There's no exit. The only way out is through the store." I
sunk back into the makeup chair and stared at my tired reflection in the
mirror. There was no way out.

"Unless..." I looked up at her. "Unless I can put you in a disguise." She
started looking about the small room, gaining energy as she thought about it.
"I can make it so no one will know it's you when I take you out."

"But..." 

She silenced me with a look. "It's the only way," she told me. "Unless you'd
rather wait for the cops?" I shook my head. I just couldn't let that happen.
I'd do whatever it took to get out of there...

My ankles wobbled a bit despite the fact that the heels were only three inches.
The only shoes that would fit me, she'd said. I'd gotten upset when she'd
started in on my face with the heavy makeup, but she'd given me a drink to calm
me down and reminded me about the police. Since then, everything had been kind
of dreamy. Just as well, though. If it hadn't been for the drink, there was no
way I would ever have let her lead me out of the changeroom dresses as I now
was.  The tight corset; the cold gel that burned my legs, crotch, chest and
underarms while she made up my face; the electric razor that cut my hair short
enough so that she could fix the long, blonde wig on my head; the large, fake
breasts she'd affixed to my chest with some kind of glue and covered with a
bra; the stockings pulled over my suddenly hairless legs... Even then, I might
have gone out sober if it hadn't been for the tight tube dress she'd squeezed
me into. I had thought that the idea was to avoid attracting attention, but I
was in too much of a daze to protest. By the time I'd formulated a protest,
she'd dragged me out of the room and into the store.

Once I was out in the open, there was nothing for it but to act as confident as
possible and try to pull it off; my career was at stake. The woman kept one
hand on my arm as she led me through the crowd - were people staring? - and out
of the store. I breathed a sigh of relief as we left the store behind, but the
woman kept a firm grip on my arm. I went along with it, not wanting to make a
scene in the mall, dressed as I was. She led me outside into the parking lot
and directed me to her car. As we got there, she stepped behind me and grabbed
my wrists. I felt something cold and realized that my arms were fastened behind
my back. She opened the car door and started to push me in. I braced myself and
resisted. Even with my wrists cuffed, I was larger and stronger than her.

"Want to go for help?" Her lips were at my ear, whispering... licking...
"Should do wonders for your political career." I resisted for another moment
and then gave up. She was right. I let her push me into the car.

I sat in silence, staring down at my feet, as she drove. After about half an
hour, she pulled into a driveway on a quiet residential street. "Let me look at
you," she said, grabbing my face with her hand and turning it towards her. She
made a clucking sound and proceeded to touch up my makeup. I just sat there; by
now, I was past resisting. After she finished with my face, she reached down
under the dress and gave my cock a quick squeeze. It was hard. "You're going to
like this," she smirked.

She pulled me out of the car and led me to the front door. I stumbled as she
opened it and pushed me inside. Janice was there. She was dressed exactly as I
was and wore the same heavy makeup and blonde wig. She was kneeling in between
the legs of the tall blonde woman I had first seen her with a week ago. I was
forced down onto my knees beside her. I felt a hand on the back of my head and
then Janice and I leaned forward to begin licking at the woman's pussy. I
resisted for a moment, but then gave in as I felt a hand slide under my dress
and grasp my balls.

That was a month ago. The house actually belonged to the screaming woman. I've
been there ever since. I still see Janice, although it's only once in a while,
whenever the tall blonde woman brings her over.






                                   FEVER.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                     Fever
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

...things to me. I kicked at the soaked sheets, trying to disentangle them from
my sweaty legs. They were all twisted up, but I managed to pull my feet free
and roll over onto my side. I knew that in a very short time I would be
shivering so badly that I'd be forced to pull the matted sheets back up again,
but for now I was just too hot. Damn fever.

The mild flu that had sent me to bed early on friday night had, over the
weekend, developed into a raging fever. Frank had wanted to stay home with me,
but I wouldn't let him miss work. Besides, it wasn't like he could do anything.
I just had to sweat it out.

Literally.

The doorbell rang.

I squinted at the clock radio: just past 11 am. Who could that be? Not Sandra
surely; I'd had Frank phone her last night to tell her I was sick and cancel
our lunch. I toyed with the notion of just laying in bed and ignoring the bell
- it rang again - but decided against it. It might be important.

I slid off the bed, wrapped my thick robe around my shivering body and walked
slowly towards the door. The stairs gave me some difficulty - I was pretty
dizzy - but I grabbed the handrail and took it one step at a time. It took a
while - the bell rang again before I reached the bottom - but I eventually made
it. Flushed and sweating, I opened the door.

It was a nurse, but dressed like no nurse I had ever seen before. She wore the
white nurse's uniform, but the skirt was very short, barely covering her
thighs, and the neckline plunged down to the top of her breasts in a deep vee.
She was extremely attractive - funny, it must have been the fever; I didn't
normally think of other women as attractive - with thick, red hair, a slender
body and long... long, stocking-clad legs...

I must have been staring at her legs where they disappeared under the skirt -
once again, it must have been the fever - 'cause she cleared her throat to get
my attention. If it hadn't been for the fever, I'm sure my face would have
burned with embarrassment.

She spoke. "Mrs Blair?"

I nodded, croaking out a "yes".

"I'm nurse Welles, from Homecare Inc." She adjusted her little hat. "I've been
hired to look in on you."

That made sense. I assumed that Frank, or possibly Sandra, had decided that I
needed some medical attention. Very thoughtful, really. "Come in."

I took a step back from the door, but stumbled. I was still rather dizzy and
weak. The nurse rushed forward and grabbed my shoulder, steadying me.

"Here," she said. "You belong on your back." She was right; a fresh wave of
dizziness washed over me. She put her hand around my shoulders and helped me
back up the steps. At one point, I stumbled, and she dropped her hand to my
rear end to steady me. She kept it there for the rest of the journey, using it
to control my progress. I was acutely aware of it... squeezing, rubbing...

Finally we reached the bedroom and she steered me into the bed. "Now you just
lie there, honey," she told me, pulling off my robe, "and let nurse Welles take
care of you."

Shivering, I fell back onto the mattress. The nurse fixed the pillow behind my
head and then began straightening out the tangled sheets at my feet. I watched
for a bit. In my feverish state, her movements seemed almost hypnotic. Her
long, slender arms moving over my body; the way her red hair tumbled out from
beneath the white cap bent over... I was quite unable to take my eyes off her.
Eventually, however, the fever took hold and I began to drift away. I was so
tired. I think I fell into a bit of a daze.

It was like I was dreaming. I felt my nightie - a long tee-shirt, really -
being pulled up until it was bunched under my chin. Then a voice: "Just
relax... relax... leave everything to nurse Welles... she'll take care of
you..."

I relaxed. Then I felt a pair of soft hands - *her* hands - running along the
top of my chest and then down to my breasts. My breasts! I wanted to sit up and
push those hands away - I'd *never* been touched there by another woman - but
it felt so good. Those hands slid over my breasts, rubbing... massaging...
tweaking my nipples...

I couldn't help but let out a quiet moan as the hands left my breasts and then
moved slowly across my stomach and down to my pussy. "Just relax..." I felt her
finger on the top of my pussy, just touching, teasing me... I moaned and thrust
my hips up to meet that finger, but every time I did so, it moved away, not
quite losing contact, but just enough so the pressure didn't increase.

"Please..." Was that my voice begging? I must have been delirious. But it felt
so good. After a few moments, I felt her hands parting my thighs. I helped,
opening my legs as far as they could go and thrusting upwards with my crotch. I
was rewarded with an extra bit of pressure, and let out a moan.

Then I felt something cool and wettish, sliding down between my legs and up
against my rear end. "Just relax..." It pushed up against my anus. I tried to
clench my ass muscles to stop it from entering, but every time I tightened up,
the finger left my clit. Whimpering in frustration, I gave in and let her push
the object into me. Further and further... and the deeper it went, the more
pressure was brought to bear on my clit.

I'd never had anything up there before, so it felt kind of strange. Hurt a bit,
but the feelings of pleasure caused by the hand on my pussy more than made up
for any discomfort. By now I was moaning and whimpering, desperate to come. The
feelings built and built until I was thrashing about on the bed, humping my
crotch into the air as far as I could, trying, needing to...

Ahhh... I sat up, drenched with sweat, pulling my soaked hand away from my
crotch. I'd evidently masturbated myself to orgasm while I was sleeping. The
fever did strange things to me. I kicked at the soaked sheets, trying to
disentangle them from my sweaty legs. They were all twisted up, but I managed
to pull my feet free and roll over onto my side. I knew that in a very short
time I would be shivering so badly that I'd be forced to pull the matted sheets
back up again, but for now I was just too hot.

Damn fever.

The mild flu that had sent me to bed early on friday night had, over the
weekend, developed into a raging fever. Frank had wanted to stay home with me,
but I wouldn't let him miss work. Besides, it wasn't like he could do anything.
I just had to sweat it out.

Literally.

The doorbell rang...






                                  GLASSES.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                    Glasses
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

"Cynth... wake up. You don't want to miss this!"

I rolled over on the couch and sat up groggily. My throat was parched and my
stomach felt like it was doing backflips. I recognized the feeling: a hangover.
There had been a party at my friend Lisa's place last night, and I had somehow
ended up sleeping on the couch, wearing nothing but one of Lisa's oversized tee
shirts.

"Cynthia!"

It was Lisa. She seemed excited about something. She never used my full name
unless she was upset or excited. Her long, black hair swirled around her head
as she ran up to the couch and tugged insistently on my arm. I squinted up at
her, trying to make out just what was so urgent.

"Come on!"

I groaned, looking around for my glasses. I'm pretty short sighted; I can get
about OK without the glasses, but everything was kind of blurry. As I looked, I
tried to piece together the events of the previous evening. How on earth had I
ended up on the couch?  I don't usually drink so much. I had arrived at the
party with Bob...

No need to go any further. It all fell into place. Or at least some of it. Bob
and I had been going out for about six months now, but things weren't going so
well. Bob was one of those macho guys; always pushing, always trying to get me
to do things I didn't really want to do. Sexual things. His insistence and my
refusal had been causing a lot of tension between us and it kind of blew up
last night. We had broken up in a very messy, very public way. Afterward, I had
started in on the booze...

OK. Now I knew. "Lisa," I mumbled, allowing myself to be pulled off the couch,
"my glasses."

"Don't worry about them. You can see well enough for this." She ignored my
protests and dragged me down the hall into the living room. I didn't struggle
much. To tell the truth, I was feeling more than a little queasy, and it was
all I could do just to stay on my feet. While we walked, I reviewed the events
of the previous evening; trying once again to figure out just how I had ended
up on Lisa's couch. It was all hazy, though; everything after Bob and I broke
up.

"Sit."

"What's going on?"

"Just watch." She threw an arm over my shoulder to hold me in place. With her
other arm, she reached over, picked up the remote control and turned on the TV.
At first, the screen was covered with the grey static of snow. Then the video
began.

It was a bedroom. Two girls were lying on a large mattress. Naked, as far as I
could tell. I squinted, trying to make out the details, but it was no use. I
was sitting too far away. One of the girls put her arm around the other and
drew her closer. If my vision could be trusted, they seemed to be kissing. I
couldn't see properly, but the sounds of moaning through the small TV speaker
told me my guess was accurate.

"Lisa..."

"Shhh..." Her arm tightened around my shoulder. For the first time, I noticed
that it was bare; like me, she was only wearing a tee shirt.

I turned my attention back to the screen.The two girls were now lying down,
still kissing, running their hands up and down each other's slender bodies. I
squirmed, wanting to stop watching, but unable to pull away. I was extremely
conscious of Lisa's arm as it lay, encircling my shoulder.

A loud cracking sound burst from the TV speaker, and one of the girls shifted
on the bed so that they were now lying head to toe. The girl on the bottom had
her legs spread. Another cracking sound - what *was* that? - and the girl on
top brushed her long, black hair to the side and lowered her face into the
other's crotch. I let out a quiet moan, unable to help myself. I'd never really
been interested in lesbian sex, but there was something about what was
happening on the screen that was turning me on. I leaned forward, trying to see
better.

Lisa's arm tightened on my shoulder, pulling me in towards her. "Here," she
said, handing me something. "Take a look."

My glasses. Frantic for a better look at what was happening on the screen, I
snatched the glasses out of her hand and set them on my face. At last; now I
could see clearly. I looked at the screen... and felt my heart jump in my
chest. It was me! It was me up there... with Lisa!

I felt her hand on my breasts, squeezing; fondling through the thin tee shirt.
I tried to say something, but the loud cracking noise suddenly sounded from
behind me. I turned to see Bob standing in the doorway.

Holding a whip.






                                   INSIDE.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                     Inside
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

To say that I was surprised to see Carol at Anne's costume party would be an
understatement. I was immediately sorry that I had let Anne talk me into
wearing this particular costume. With Jim and the kids out of town for the
week, she had convinced me to be a little daring. Well, the costume was more
than a little daring.

But that was Anne for you. In the few months I'd known her, she was always
encouraging me to let go, to enjoy myself. Perhaps that's why I was drawn to
her. Maybe I needed someone like that in my life.

To tell the truth, even with Anne's urging, I would never have worn it if it
hadn't been so... well, flattering. After eight years of solid, steady marriage
to Jim, I had been feeling a bit dumpy; a bit like my life was pretty much set,
despite the fact that I was only twenty-six. The tight tube dress that ended a
good foot above my knees; the black stockings and garter; the bright red pumps
with the four inch heels... they all emphasised my slender body and large, firm
breasts. They reminded me that I was still young, and still beautiful.

And so, I had come to the costume party dressed as a hooker. With Anne's help
and encouragement, I had gone all out with the costume: heavy makeup, wild,
teased up hair... Jim would have just died if he'd seen me dressed up like
that. But he wasn't here. And I was having a great time. It was wonderful to
receive all that male attention; I wasn't used to it after so many years of
marriage.

Then Carol showed up. She had been Jim's secretary at work up until about six
months ago. I'd found out from a friend of mine at Jim's office that she had
been coming on to him in a big way. I didn't believe it until I saw it
happening at the company picnic. I'd confronted her with it. She had told me to
'fuck off' and I'd responded by calling her a 'whore'. Jim had broken it up
before it went any further, and Carol had been quietly transferred to a new
office a few days later.

So, I wasn't exactly pleased to see her at the party. Inevitably, we ran into
each other. She smirked when she saw me.

"Who's the whore now?" she asked. She was dressed as a fairy tale princess.

"Only on the outside," I answered sweetly, "Not like some." She frowned and
walked away. I was rather pleased with myself for being so strong, so quick
with the comeback, but my hands shook. I'm not good at confrontations. I downed
the rest of my drink to steady myself and then got a refill.

By midnight, the party was really buzzing. So was I; I'd had a little too much
to drink, but it didn't matter. I was having such a good time, chatting with
people, being eyed by all the men. Except for Anne, no one here really knew me,
so I could just relax and play the flirt if I wished. And, best of all, Carol
seemed to have left the party.

"Here you are." It was Anne, bringing me another drink. I finished the one I
had and took it. Then she gestured to a man standing beside her. "This is Paul,
my cousin."

"Hello Paul." He was a tall man, with short dark hair and the most amazing
eyes. I felt myself shiver when he looked at me.

Anne disappeared into the crowd, leaving Paul and me to get acquainted. We
talked for a bit while I finished my drink and then he pulled me out onto the
dance floor. He was a wonderful dancer. The song ended, and a slow one began. I
started to pull away - I was still, after all, a married woman - but he
wouldn't let go. He just hugged me to his chest and moved with the music. By
this time, I was beginning to get a bit dizzy - the alcohol - so I just held on
and let him lead. Slowly, almost hypnotically, he let me around the dance
floor. My heels suddenly seemed precarious, so I wrapped my arms around his
neck and held on.

We danced. All the while, he kept whispering to me, over and over again, how
beautiful I was. How desirable. I wanted to tell him to stop, but my mouth
seemed full of cotton. Unresponsive. After a while, the pressure of his chest
against mine, the touch of his hand sliding down my back to cup my rear, began
to have an effect, and I felt a delicious warmth spread outward from my tummy.
I began to tremble; I hadn't felt like that since the days before my marriage
to Jim.

We danced. And I felt myself melting into his arms...

We danced. He bent down and brought his lips to mine. I moaned, not resisting,
and opened my mouth, accepting his tongue as it entered and touched mine. I let
out another moan as I felt his hand slip under the top of my strapless dress
and cup my breast. I knew that I should be resisting, especially here, in front
of everyone, but the room was spinning... and it felt so *good*.

The next thing I knew, he was leading me up the stairs. I stumbled, dizzy, but
he caught me and pulled me across the landing and into a bedroom. Once inside,
he brought his lips to mine again. I was unable to resist. I wrapped my arms
around his neck and drew him to me.

Then I was on my back. My dress was bunched up at my waist, leaving both my
breasts and crotch exposed. Paul was on top of me, moving his hips up and down.
I felt the fire in my tummy expand through my body. I felt like I was
burning... burning...

I blinked. There was still a weight on me, but it felt different. I peered
upwards, still dizzy. There was a man, but it wasn't Paul. I didn't recognize
him. I opened my mouth to say something, but he just brought his lips down to
mine, smothering my protests. I closed my eyes...

When I opened them again, there was another man. I tried to will myself to
resist, but my body was unresponsive. I felt hands grabbing my legs and
wrapping them around the man's body. I closed my eyes, hoping it would all go
away.

Eventually it did.

I woke up the next morning with a terrible headache. The dress was still
bunched up around my waists. My breasts were red and splotchy, and they ached
from the terrible mauling they had received the night before. Worst of all, my
pussy was sore, and the inside of my thighs was sticky with dried sperm. I
groaned and rolled over, trying not to vomit.

The door opened and Carol walked in. I gave a little cry and tried to pull the
tangled dress up to cover my breasts. Carol just smiled and threw an envelope
onto the bed beside me.

"Take a look," she ordered.

Trembling, I picked up the envelope and pulled out a bunch of pictures. My head
was still fuzzy, but I had a pretty good idea of what they would show. And they
did: me, dancing on the floor with Paul, my lips pressed to his and his hand on
my breasts; me, standing beside Paul in the bedroom, my arms wrapped around his
neck in a passionate embrace; me, on the bed with Paul, my head thrown back in
obvious ecstasy; me, on the bed, smiling at Paul as he put some bills on the
nightstand; me, with another man on the bed, my legs wrapped around behind ass,
lips against his... It went on and on.

I looked over at the nightstand. There must have been five hundred dollars
sitting there. Carol laughed. She walked over and picked it up. She counted out
five twenties and threw them on the bed beside me. The rest went into her
purse.

"Not bad," she sneered, "for a start."

"What?" I struggled to sit up on the bed. I knew she had somehow arranged this,
but...

She gestured at the envelope. "What do you think Jim would do if he saw those
pictures?" she asked. "What do you think would happen to the children?"

I fell back down onto the bed, almost in tears. I knew what would happen. I
knew very well. Carol sneered. She handed me a piece of paper with an address
on it.

"This is the address of the Lovely Ladies Escort Agency." The tone of her voice
left little doubt as to what this 'escort agency' really was. "You're to report
to this address at eight every friday night. You work for me now."

"But..." My mind struggled to comprehend what was happening. "Jim... "

"Don't worry about Jim. He's about to receive a promotion and a transfer. He'll
be working late on fridays from now on." She smiled again. "*Very* late."

Anne walked into the room and smirked at me. "C'mon Carol," she said. "Paul's
waiting in the car." She looked over at me. "Bye Sandra," she said. "Hope you
enjoy your new career." Then she walked out of the room.

Carol turned to follow, but stopped at the doorway. "Who's the whore now?" she
laughed. The door clicked shut behind her.

I sat on the bed, looking at the pictures scattered about the bed. I reached
over and picked up the paper with the address of the escort agency. I thought
about the children.

I sighed and began gathering up the photographs.

"I am."






                                    NEW.TXT

                                      New
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

I'd never thought of other women in that way - as attractive or cute or sexy -
but something about Joan's new secretary really caught my eye. I knew her name
was Lisa, but that was about all I knew. She seemed quite young, barely out of
high school, with curly blonde hair and large, blue eyes. She had a pert,
little girl's face and a slender body.

Joan's office was right across the hall from my own, and I had plenty of
opportunity to watch Lisa come and go. At first, I was kind of amused at myself
- a grown woman with a husband and two children, mooning over a slip of a girl
maybe half her age. But I couldn't stop looking. Gradually, however, the
amusement faded and the fascination grew.

As I spent more and more of my time watching Lisa, it slowly dawned on me that
something strange was going on. At least two or three times a day, she'd come
out of Joan's office with an odd, almost upset look on her face. Sometimes, her
eyes were red, like she'd been crying or something. Once, I noticed that the
top few buttons of her blouse were undone, which was very unusual for her; she
always dressed very conservatively. I tried to ignore it, but, just like my
attempts not to watch, the harder I tried the worse it got. Eventually, it
began to affect my work; day after day, I'd spend hours just sitting at my
desk, watching Lisa come and go, trying to figure out what was going on.

Finally, I got up enough courage to talk to Joan. She was in my office and we
were going over some market forecasts when I spoke to her about it. I tried to
be circumspect, making a couple of offhand complaints about Pam - my own
secretary - and then asking Joan how her new secretary was working out.

Joan looked at me blankly for a moment and then smirked. "You've been watching
her, haven't you?"

"What do you mean?" I tried to look innocent, but I could feel my cheeks
heating up. I blushed easily.

"Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about. I've seen you looking at
her."

"Well..."

Joan reached over the desk and put her hand on my arm. "Don't be embarrassed,"
she told me. "She's a hot little number. And she's mine."

I looked up, startled. "What?"

"I caught her taking money from the petty cash drawer back when she was new,
before she was assigned to me. She can't afford to lose this job, so we made a
deal."

I felt like I was in a daze. "A deal?" What was she saying?

Joan just smirked. "Come over to my office at 5:30," she told me. "I'll show
you."
     
I watched her go, my mind reeling. Lisa was her's? What did she mean by that? I
wasn't really going to take her up on her offer, was I? Still... the thought of
Lisa - of having *control* over that beautiful young girl - gave me feelings I
hadn't experienced in a long time. I dropped a hand under my desk and rubbed my
pussy through my skirt as I imagined what it might be like. While I was
dreaming, Lisa entered Joan's office and then came out again about thirty
seconds later. Her eyes were red. For a moment, I thought that she looked over
at me, but she quickly turned and walked away. I shuddered at my desk as a
small orgasm swept through my body. Barely aware of what I was doing, I reached
over to pick up the phone. I had to call Jack and let him know I'd be working
late.

The day seemed to last forever, but 5:30 finally rolled around. I looked across
the hall at the closed door to Joan's office. Lisa was in there; I'd seen her
go in about half an hour ago, and she hadn't come out.

I knocked.

"Come in," Joan called.

I pushed open the door and walked in. Joan was seated at her desk, a big grin
on her face. Lisa stood beside her. The poor girl's eyes were red and watery,
as if she were just about to start crying. She was dressed in her usual
conservative grey skirt and business outfit, but the top few buttons on her
white blouse were undone and she looked a little dishevelled. I felt a wave of
warmth in my pussy as I noticed her lower lip was trembling. She looked
*frightened*.

"Lisa," Joan said, putting her hand on the poor girl's rear end and pushing her
forward, "You've met Sandra. As I said earlier, I've told her about our little
'deal'. Treat her like you treat me."

I barely heard the words. All my attention was focused on Lisa as she walked
slowly forward. As she got closer, I could see the tops of her breasts over the
partially unbuttoned blouse. She raised her eyes to mine; I thought I would
melt into them.

"Ms Sandra," she said, in a frightened little voice, "m-may I serve you?" My
mouth was suddenly dry. I didn't trust myself to speak, so I just nodded.
Trembling, she moved forward, put her arms around me and drew me in. My lips
parted, and I felt her face meet mine... tongue enter my mouth... lips caress
my lips...

The kiss lasted forever; I was panting and half dazed when she finally broke
away.. "Oh..." I wanted to say something, but she immediately brought her face
up against mine for another kiss. I felt her hands move up my shoulder and pull
at my jacket and blouse. She must have managed to unbutton my blouse, because
the next thing I knew, the clothing was sliding off my shoulders and onto the
floor. Her lips left mine, and I stood there, panting, eyes closed, as her
tongue slid down my neck to my breasts. A shudder passed through my body as her
tongue made contact with my nipples. I was getting closer...

Her hand slid down my back until it reached my ass (what had happened to my
skirt and panties?). A finger ran over my pussy and along back to my ass. I
felt some pressure and then let out a small cry as the finger slipped inside.
Immediately, Lisa's mouth was back over mine for another long, passionate kiss.
I relaxed, but reached around behind me to push her hand away. I was getting
closer...

I felt something cool on my wrists and I couldn't get my arms to move. She
pulled her lips from mine and I staggered forward into her arms, gasping. I was
so close...

I opened my eyes. It wasn't Lisa standing in front of me, it was Pam, my
secretary. I looked over at the desk and stared in shock. Joan was stark naked
and Lisa, fully clothed - even the buttons on her blouse were done up - was
pushing her forward so she was lying on the desk. Joan's hands were cuffed
together and Lisa was rubbing something long and pink against her rear end.

I struggled to say something - to protest - as Pam, also fully dressed, used
the finger in my rear end to manoeuvre me to the side of the desk opposite Joan
and pushed so that I was leaning forward, my face inches from Joan's. She
looked at me. Her eyes were glazed and she was panting.

Lisa smiled down at me and then looked over at Pam. "Not so big," she said,
shaking her head. "She's still new. Plenty of time for that one later." The
blonde girl waited a moment and then nodded. Then she looked back at me,
smiling. She reached down with both hands and pulled Joan's face and my face
together. "Better help her out." I think she was talking to Joan. "You remember
the first time."

When she released our heads, Joan and I kept our faces together. She parted her
lips and I accepted her tongue in my mouth. I was so close...

I felt something cold and wettish placed up against my ass...






                                  VACATION.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                    Vacation
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

Angela and Tami came over a week early. They'd be watching the house while Jeff
and I went on the cruise: three glorious weeks in the Caribbean. We'd been
planning this trip for what seemed like forever; just one more week to go. I
couldn't wait.

Angela was a distant cousin of Jeff's. I didn't like her very much; I'd always
had the feeling that she was after Jeff. Nothing obvious, but every once in a
while at a family function I'd see them talking and alarm bells would go off.
Still, nothing ever seemed to come of it, and Angela eventually moved away. I
was a bit concerned when Jeff told me that Angela would be minding the house
while we were gone, but my fears were allayed when I found out that she was
bringing her niece to stay with her. I figured she wouldn't try anything with
her niece here, and it looked like I was right. As a matter of fact, we barely
ever saw her. She was out almost every day - who knows where - leaving Tami by
herself at our house.

Tami turned out to be an attractive young woman, with long blonde hair and a
gorgeous body. A real California girl. In appearance, anyway. She was actually
quite shy, rarely talking and then only in monosyllables. She seemed to spend
most of the time working on her tan on our deck.

At first I was amused; it seemed like such a waste of time, but you know
teenagers. After a couple of days, though, I found myself watching her. Often,
I'd just stand at the window, staring at the younger girl's body as she lay,
stretched out on the deck. There was something about her... almost hypnotic. It
seemed ridiculous; I'd certainly never been attracted to other women before,
but there was something about this girl that drew me to her. By mid-week, it
had almost become a ritual for me: wait 'till Tami was on the deck and then
install myself in the study, staring out the window at her.

I began to bring things to her: juice, a sandwich... it really didn't matter
what. Just so I would have an excuse to go out and visit her. Not that I was
going to *do* anything, of course. I was happily married, and Tami was just a
teenager. Almost a child. It was silly. Still, I kept bringing things out to
her... After all, with Jeff at work and Angela god knows where, it was just the
two of us around the place. It was nice to have someone to talk with.

As the days went by, I made a point of spending more time on the deck with
Tami. I even went out in a bikini to do some sunbathing with her. More than
once, while I was lying there, I caught her staring at me with a look that
caused me to shiver. If I wasn't mistaken, young Tami was developing a bit of a
crush...

Tami and I were alone in the house the night before Jeff and I were to leave.
Jeff was off making some last minute arrangements and Angela... well, I didn't
know where she was.

I was sitting in my bedroom, just finishing my packing when Tami walked in. She
had just stepped out of the shower, so she was clad in nothing more than a
towel. Try as I might, I couldn't keep my eyes from straying down to where her
sleek, tanned legs disappeared under the towel.

A little flustered, I raised my eyes to her face. She was blushing! I
immediately felt a little guilty - I was making her uncomfortable - but that
only made her more attractive. I *liked* the idea that this young girl felt a
little... what, frightened? nervous? of me. Gaining confidence, I patted a spot
on the bed next to me and gestured for her to sit. She seemed uncertain, but I
just smiled at her: "Have a seat," I offered. "I won't bite."

Was that *me* saying things like that?

She was definitely nervous by now, but she obeyed, sitting beside me on the
bed. As she sat, the towel slid loose, affording me a view of the top of her
breasts. I had been watching them all week from the study window, but to be so
close... I wanted to reach out and touch them, but I held back. I didn't want
to scare her away. She seemed so vulnerable.

We talked about nothing for a few moments, just chattering. Then, her face
flushing red, she looked at me and said: "Joan... do you find me...
attractive?" She looked down at the floor. She was so beautiful!

What could I say?I reached up my hand and ran it through her long, blonde hair.
"Tami," I told her, "You're an extremely beautiful young woman."

"N-no. That's not what I mean." She raised her blue eyes until they met mine.
"Do *you* find me attractive?" The poor girl looked like she was about to burst
into tears. At once I felt both protective and... well, powerful. In control.
She was just a kid. I put my arm over her shoulder and drew her close. She
resisted for a moment, but then allowed herself to be pulled in. Her head
dropped until it rested on the top of my chest. I ran my hands through her
long, blonde hair, feeling its softness..

After a few moments like that, she raised her head from my chest and looked me
in the eye. Her face was so close I could feel her breath on my lips. "J-Joan,"
she stammered, still blushing, "I... I've never..."

"Shhh..." Unbelievably - was this me? - I leaned forward and brought my lips
against hers. She trembled for a second, but then melted in my arms; her lips
parted and I lost myself in her. By the time we broke apart, I was breathing
heavy and my pussy was moist. Tami was trembling in my arms like a frightened
animal, but she didn't try to pull away. Using my superior strength, I pulled
her in and kissed her again.

Things progressed quickly as I completed my seduction of the young girl. Before
long, I was kneeling in front of her, sliding my tongue down her chest and
towards her pussy. Just as I reached my goal, however, she put her hand on my
forehead. "N-no," she protested, "not there." I was panting. "Tami..."

"I don't want anyone to see me l-like... like that," she said, blushing. I was
about to argue, but she reached over and grabbed something from the bed. "Here.
Put this on." She slid a thick, elastic headband over the top of my head and
down over my eyes. Blindfolding me. Instinctively, I reached up to push it
away. "No," she said, "I don't want you to look." Then, gently but insistently,
I felt her pull my wrists together and wrap a cloth around them. I was pretty
sure I could slip my hands free, but I decided to be magnaminous. If it made
her feel better, why not?

"OK," she said, voice a little stronger; more confident. "Now." I felt her hand
at the back of my head, pulling me forward; guiding me. Trembling, I pushed my
face in between her legs and began to lick. My first taste of pussy juice sent
tremors through my body. As I licked and sucked at her clit, I couldn't help
but wonder how it would feel when she was between my legs; when her tongue...

"By god, you were right!" It was Jeff! I tried to pull my face away, but Tami
tightened her thighs, keeping my mouth firmly pressed against her pussy.

"I told you." Angela! Desperate to escape, I attempted to free my hands, but
the binding was tighter than I'd thought. My hands were bound in front of me
and I couldn't get any leverage.

Jeff chuckled. "You win," he said. He didn't seem too upset. "Grab your
suitcase and we'll head out. I'll meet you in the car." Blind and helpless,
overwhelmed by the smell of Tami's pussy, I heard him walk away and down the
stairs. Tami's thighs tightened even further and I felt a hand run down my back
and under my shorts. I went wild, kicking and bucking, as a finger slowly slid
into my ass.

"Take good care of her." It was Angela. "I expect things to be well in hand by
the time Jeff and I get back."

"Don't worry, Angela." It was Tami. Her voice was stronger. She sounded amused.
"Just have a nice vacation."

Three weeks...






                                  WORKOUT.TXT

                                 A Short Story

                                    Workout
                                   by Parker
                             an210088@anon.penet.fi

"One, two... one, two..."

Even now, almost half an hour into the class, I was able to keep up without
breathing hard. Well, not *too* hard anyway. I'd been attending aerobics
classes for over a year now and, despite the approach of middle age, I was in
good enough shape to get through the beginner's class without difficulty.
Really, I shouldn't have been in the beginner's class any more. I wouldn't have
been if it hadn't been for Susan.

"One, two... one, two... keep those legs high..."

She had started leading classes at Workout World about twelve weeks ago. I had
been drawn to her from the first moment she'd walked into the gym. Susan
couldn't have been more than nineteen or twenty - close to half my age. She had
a nice enough face, I suppose, but what really caught my attention was her
body. You'd expect an aerobics instructor to be in pretty decent shape, and
Susan was no exception. With her long, muscular legs and tight, round ass, she
looked every bit the athlete she undoubtedly was.

But it was her breasts which attracted my attention. The way they filled out
the tight tank top she always wore to class; the way they moved as she led us
through the various exercises; the way her nipples hardened and gradually stood
out through the thin fabric of her top as she began to perspire... After her
first class, I placed myself at the front of the room and had been there ever
since. When I found out that she would only be taking the beginner's class for
the next session, I signed up for it, despite the fact that I'd already been in
intermediate.

"OK, reach down... stretch..."

Finally, the class ended. "Good work everyone," Susan called out. "See you on
Tuesday." She turned and left the gym.

I watched as she moved out of sight, feeling strangely empty. It was Saturday;
three days 'till I saw her again. Sighing, I joined the line of women heading
towards the changing rooms. I showered and quickly got dressed. They all
laughed and chatted, but I kept to myself, my thoughts on Susan: the way she
moved; the way her spandex outfit pulled at her crotch in a tight vee...

My heart quickened as I walked up to the front desk on my way out. Susan was
standing there, still in her damp exercise outfit, talking with the woman who
ran the gym. She turned and smiled at me as I approached. "Beth. Just the
person I wanted to see." I almost threw up. She gestured towards a piece of
paper on the desk. "I'm offering some individualized workouts." The paper had a
number of empty slots with times written beside them. "They start Monday. Want
to sign up?" I fought to keep my voice steady and casual. "Uhm... sure. Can't
have too much exercise." I took the pen from her and signed up for the first
available time.

"Great," she said, smiling. She dropped her hand to my rear and end and gave it
a little pat. "See you Monday, then." I tried to return the smile, gave up and
almost ran out the front door. The feel of her hand on my ass stayed with me
the rest of the weekend.

I arrived at the gym at the appointed time, changed and ready to go. I felt a
little tired - I hadn't really slept well the last couple of nights - but full
of nervous energy at the thought of a private workout with Susan. The gym was
dark and empty. I asked at the front desk, and they told me that Susan was
running the private sessions out of a converted office in the back of the
building.

I found it without too much trouble. The door to the office had the list pinned
up on it. The list was full, with my name at the top. I knocked. Susan's voice
told me to enter and I did.

There she was. Still dressed in the same exercise outfit that showed her
breasts off so effectively. The outfit was damp, as if she'd been working out,
which was odd since I was the first person on the list, but I wasn't
complaining. Her nipples were firm and hard, and clearly visible as she stood
up and moved towards me. I remembered the feel of her hand on my rear end.

"Ready for your workout, Beth?" I swallowed and gave a small nod. I tried to
tear my gaze away from her breasts - her nipples - but I couldn't. I'd never
really been this close before. All I could do was stare as she walked closer
and closer.

"You like what you see, don't you?" she asked. She sounded amused. Once again,
I nodded. I couldn't take my eyes away. My breathing began to get heavier. She
reached around and pulled my face down into her breasts. I let out a small moan
as her nipple touched my mouth. Instinctively, I opened my mouth and began to
suck at it. "Yesss," she hissed. "You *do* like that, don't you." I just sucked
harder. "You *are* ready for your workout."

I felt her hand on my shoulder, pushing me gently downward until I was kneeling
on a mat in front of her. I let out a small groan as her nipple left my mouth,
but didn't resist. In a daze, I was helpless to do otherwise than stare upwards
at the girl's wonderful breasts.

"Do you want more?" she asked, smiling down at me. 

I nodded.

Still smiling, she pulled out a headband and slipped it over my eyes so that it
became a blindfold. I moaned as those wonderful breasts were lost from sight.
"Put your hands behind your back." I obeyed without thought. She slipped what
felt like a wristband around both my wrists; the elastic held my hands in
place, although I could easily have slipped it off. "If the blindfold or
wristband is off before the end of the workout," she warned. "It'll be your
last one. Do you understand?"

I nodded.

"Are you ready for your workout?"

I nodded again, and almost immediately felt her crotch push up against my face.
She must have taken her bottom off, because I felt her pubic hair brush up
against my face and tasted her juice on my lips. With a moan, I opened my mouth
and stuck out my tongue. It was the most wonderful thing I'd ever tasted,
almost as good as the feel of her nipple in my lips. I sucked and sucked until
she let out a little cry and stiffened against my face. A hand gripped the back
of my head and pushed my face hard against her pussy as she came. I swallowed.

She moved away and I heard a quiet giggle behind me. Someone else was in the
room! I turned my head, almost pulling my hands free, but I remembered Susan's
warning. And I remembered the taste and feel of her...

Another pussy was pushed into my face and I began to suck. The woman, whoever
she was, came quickly and moved away. Before I could say anything, however, I
heard the door close and it was quickly replaced by another. "Good girl." It
was Susan, whispering in my ear! I felt a hand rubbing the back of my head as
my tongue began to move. "That's a girl. You'll work out just fine." Warmed by
this praise, I continued my work. Kneeling and blindfolded, I licked and sucked
and swallowed as pussy after pussy was offered to me.

Finally, it was over. A hand grasped my blindfold and pulled it away. I stared
at myself in a long mirror set up against the wall. I looked ridiculous; my
exercise outfit had been pulled down so my breasts hung loose and my was face
was red and sticky with pussy juice. I reached up to wipe it away, but only
succeeded in smearing it all over my fingers.

"Time for that later." I looked up. It was the woman from the front counter.
She pulled me to my feet and opened the door, not even giving me a chance to
cover my breasts. I caught a glimpse of the list as she dragged me down the
hall; all the names had a mark beside them. The entire class. We reached the
front lobby. "Run along now," she said, giving me a firm pat on the ass. "Sue's
waiting for you."

I looked out the front door. Susan was waiting at my car, still dressed in her
exercise outfit. The engine was running and she stood behind the open trunk.
"C'mon girl," she called, patting her leg. "C'mon..."

I broke into a run...





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Parker


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





