BDSM Library - In Silence




In Silence
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An online D/s friendship goes real time.
In Silence



	The radio played a 'good times' classic as the car speed down the
freeway along the ocean.  It was a beautiful ride.  I was sitting next to a man
I only really knew as a screen name online, and a voice on the phone.  He's body
was better than I thought from his picture, over all he was well in a word,
perfect.  The first thing I thought when I saw him standing at the airport was
"Yum". The long anticipated meeting felt more comfortable for me than I
expected.  I looked at him, trying to read if he too was at ease, but I couldn't
tell.  He caught me looking at him and smiled.  I just smiled right back.  The
music was infectious I was singing without even realizing it until he suddenly
turned off the radio.  I looked at him surprised.  He laughed.

"Where do you want to go?" He yelled, the wind whipping around us, making
hearing difficult.

"I should probably at least check in at the hotel, but after that we can do
anything you want" I said as I leaned over close to him so I wouldn't have to
yell as loud.  He looked at me, the smile sliding off his face.  Suddenly I was
squeezing my legs together and breathing heavily.  I knew what he wanted to do,
I wanted to do it as well.  Almost as if on cue, a cloud covered the sun and I
took off my sunglasses.  I flipped the mirror down and took a look at myself. 
My cheeks were flushed from his one look.  My hair was wildly flying around my
face, I decided reapplying any lipstick was next to impossible. I was confident
I looked good without it.  I shut the mirror and looked at him again.  He was
watching the road intently.  I wondered if he was thinking about what he'd like
to do with me.  I suddenly wanted to kiss him.  I asked yelled to him to pull
over when he could.  He nodded and pulled right over. It was windy out, but much
better than in the car.  I got out of the car and looked at the ocean.  I heard
his door shut.  I didn't know if I would kiss him or not, but I couldn't sit
still in the car, he had me too aroused.  He came over and leaned against the
car next to me.  I glanced at him and smiled.  He watched my high heeled feet
crossing and re crossing each other as I tried to notice the look in his eyes. 
It was hell, I wanted to touch him so badly that I was having a hard time
thinking about anything else.  I had enough and just stood right in front of him
and looked him dead in the face.  He grinned a little, and looked me up and
down, his eyes lingering on my breasts and legs.  I felt a warm rush run over me
and I kissed him.  It wasn't timid, but it wasn't too hard either.  I pressed my
body against his and felt his cock rise. His hand slid around my waist, and the
other slowly crawled up my back and grabbed a handful of my hair, controlling
how hard I could kiss him.  He would kiss me hard, pushing my head to his, then
pull back sharply on my hair and kiss my bare chest just above the swell of my
breast.  My cunt pulsed and the muscles involuntarily contracted as if he was
inside me. I didn't have any concept of how long we stood there kissing.  He
controlled it perfectly, getting me to a frenzied state, wiggling against him,
moaning..and then he'd pull me away in mid kiss, my tongue still reaching for
his.  I was starting to get pissed off and tried to push him away altogether. 
He smiled and painfully pulled my hair, kissing me so hard I thought he'd bruise
my lips.  He ran his hand down my thigh and back up over my ass, making me sigh
in his mouth.  If he had wanted it, I would've lifted my skirt and spread my
legs for him right there.  He let my hair go, putting both hands on my waist.  I
looked at him with wide excited eyes.

"We should get going before this gets out of hand" He said, squeezing my waist
slightly.

"Yeah..that is probably a good idea, because I am almost out of hand already" I
said smiling.  He grinned and kissed me one more time.  He opened my door for me
and I got in.  We drove the rest of the way in silence, but my cunt was
screaming at him the whole time. 



"You're in room 318, and enjoy your stay here Ms. Wallace" The cheerful front
desk clerk said, her voice squeaking with false enthusiasm.  I smiled politely
and took the key card from her hand.  I turned around to look at him and he
wasn't behind me.  I found him at the elevator, my bag in his hand, holding the
door for me.  I walked inside, brushing against him softly, I felt his body
slightly tremor.  I smiled.  He didn't.  Once alone inside, he wasted no time. 
He pinned me against the wall and touched my face and lips, I couldn't keep his
eye I had to look down.  He held my hand, rubbing it softly then putting it on
his hard cock.  I moaned out loud.  I tried to resist, but I couldn't stop
myself from feeling him.  I rubbed him eagerly.

"Do you want my cock?" He asked, teasingly.  His blue eyes sparkling with
amusement. I glared at him and pulled my hand away. 

"Aww..are you embarrassed that you are a little slut?" Again teasing me.

"Fuck you" I said defiantly.  He just smiled and stood back away from me.  My
body missed him immediately. I did want his cock, so I wasn't sure why I was
having a hard time saying it.  I wanted to try to hold back something, it would
be far too easy to just give myself up to him.  I had to try to be strong, no
matter how hot he made me.  I didn't look at him again until we were at the door
to the room.  I was shaking and couldn't seem to get the card in the door and
open it at the same time.  I assumed it was my trepidation holding back my
coordination.  I, exasperated, turned to him.

"Maybe you shouldn't come inside" I said, of course wanting him to come inside. 
He looked at me, trying to decide how to handle me.  He took the card out of my
hand and opened the door for me.  He set my bag down inside. I was scared, he
was going to go, I could feel it. Damn was all I could think.

"Maybe that would be best" He said kindly as he was tracing the line of my
shoulder with his finger tips.  I shuddered.  God I didn't want him to go, but I
wasn't about to ask him to stay now.  I bit my lower lip to keep from telling
him how much I wanted him.  "Tell me to go" He said, his voice really saying
"Tell me you don't want me to fuck you".  I sighed and then looked in his eyes. 
Taking a deep breath I tried to say "Go" but nothing was coming out.  He kept
touching all the bare skin he could find on my body.  I had goose bumps and
chills to the point I felt like I was naked in a blizzard.  I thought I would
cry, the fear of him in the pit of my stomach.  I knew him in many other ways,
but because this part of him wasn't something he went on about, I knew very
little.  I knew he would be brutal, I knew he would humiliate me, both of these
to the point of sobbing.  He had such an advantage over me, he had me.  Leaving
my mind without a body for the first time in months.  I was scared, he said I
would be, but I shrugged it off as him being over confident.  Now I knew he had
every reason to be confident.  I would become his Whore almost willingly.  I
couldn't tell him to go. In the silence laden by animal attraction and fear, he
walked inside my room, taking my hand pulling me after him. I felt the tears
coming as the door lock closed behind us.



It was immediate.  No sooner had the door shut did he slap me hard.  I stubbled
back, my hand holding the hot spot on my face he hit.  He grabbed me by my hair
pulling me up on my tip toes.  My hands reached up to his wrists, clawing at
them, crying, but not uncontrollably.  He spit in my face as I clawed,
surprising me, I let go of his wrists and he Yanked! Making me scream.  He
reached under my skirt to find I didn't have any panties on.  He seemed
surprised, a small smile crossed his lips as he began feeling my cunt.  He
harshly ran his fingers up my gash, pushing on my clit painfully.  I gasped and
he did it again, this time pinching it until I couldn't speak.  I reached out to
hit him, or scratch him, something to make him stop.  He just kept on my cunt. 
He let go of my clit and roughly jammed a couple fingers up my sloppy wet cunt. 
I clenched his fingers inside me, it was a natural response, but one I wished
hadn't happened at that moment.  He finger fucked my cunt as I twisted, trying
to get loose, he soon jammed another finger in with the others, scratching my
cunt walls.  I groaned and tried to settle down, shutting my eyes I took a deep
breath..  Suddenly it was if time had stopped, I couldn't even hear his
breathing for a second. Scared, I opened my eyes and received a wink followed by
four fingers rammed up me to the knuckles.  I screamed, my mouth was immediately
covered with his, wide eyed I just started into his eyes and I saw the things I
wondered about, the intensity of his sexuality, the joy he derived from taking
my power, and then, as I was feeling lucky to be "taken" by him, I saw the
little flicker of "I told you so" in his eye, and I was suddenly a hell cat,
fighting for my life.  I even knew in that spilt second that he would just enjoy
this more, I tried oh how I tried to stop myself, but he wasn't getting it that
easy. I bit his lip, hard. Surprising him, he let my hair go, but curled his
fingers inside me, grabbing me. I slapped him with everything I had, this time
he let his fingers loosen a bit, again surprised. 

"Fucking CUNT!" I was about to grab his cock and squeeze, when I made the
mistake of looking at him.  He looked amused, snatched me up again on my tip
toes, this time using his fingers inside me to make me move.  My clit throbbed. 
God I wanted to fuck him, the cat and mouse was good but I was getting insanely
horny with every passing second.  He pulled his fingers out roughly and wiped
them on my face. I was shaking and crying, desperately needing an orgasm to
release some of the tension.  He crudely pulled my skirt up to my waist,
exposing my cunt.  He began slapping it making me jump away, grabbing my neck he
half threw me on the bed.  He quickly grabbed the belts out of the hotel robes
and began tying my hands behind my back.  I struggled and yelled at him but it
was pointless.  I began to think about other ways to get to him.  He flipped me
over and spit in my face, I smiled, it was as if he read my mind.  He seemed
curious about the look I gave him.  No tears, just a little smile in my eye. But
I was really thinking about cumming on his cock, I didn't care about the spit, I
welcomed it.  I kept reminding myself that the longer he kept my orgasm away,
the more earth shattering it would be.  I pressed my knees together making my
clit pound with the pressure.  My cunt was sore, but my wet thighs and ass said
it was just fine. 

He stood up over me, it would have been intimidating, but I was too horny to
think anything about anything except how unbelievably sexy he was.  He took off
his shirt and began taking the belt out of his pants.  My mind was again in it,
I began edging away until he cracked the belt, the wind from it cooling off my
hot cunt.  I again froze.  He reached up and ripped my top off, lifting my upper
body off the bed.  I came back down and he was on me again this time he pulled
the bra down and began roughly fondling my breasts.  Pulling on them until I
cried for him to please stop.  Then he pulled even harder.  Broken cries with
pleas that I would be a good Whore, just let them go.  He told me I would be a
better Whore if he kept hurting them.  That remark turned my pussy into the
amazon, he was right.  He bit my shoulders, I could feel the little bruises
rising before he was done.  I couldn't help but to keep flinching and every
flinch was met with a harder bite.  I was loving it, his mouth on me alone was
dreamlike.  He stopped and got back up grabbing me by the ankles he flipped me
over and pulled me down off the bed so I landed on my face.  I was pissed now. 
He untied my hands and cracked the belt a couple times.  I went to get up and my
ass was met with a fierce SMACK! From the belt.  I dropped back to my stomach
immediately. 

"CUNT! Did someone tell you to move PIG?" He yelled..  I shook my head no.  He
pulled my head up by my hair and asked me again.  This time I said "NO..fucking
dick" the last part I said under my breath. 

"Crawl" He said, matter-of-factly.  I looked up at him in disbelief.

"Where?" I asked, a bit bitchy.  CRACK!

"UGHHH!!" I moaned and began crawling.  I hadn't crawled for anyone until that
moment.  Every time I stopped I would get the belt again, eventually I was
crying from the pain and humiliation of it. I couldn't take it anymore, I had to
unleash on him.  I had free movement on my side and I was strong.  Without
warning, I just jumped up, I was met with his belt on my back but I didn't care. 
I grabbed the belt knowing I would have to get it away to stay standing.  I
yanked on that thing pulling him off balance, but instead of just getting the
belt, I got him on the end of it.  He lunged at me and got my around the waist. 
I fought as hard as I could making contact a few times.  Causing him to grunt in
pain, that made my cunt happy.  He slapped me in the face hard, more than once
again making my cunt happy.  I was elated with the whole scene.  He finally had
to grab my neck forcing my hands up to his and calming me right down.  I wasn't
relaxed, but I did stop trying to hurt him.  He dragged me by my neck the few
feet to the bathroom where he shoved me into the tub and turned on the shower,
on cold.  The water hit my skin and my body began shivering.  He held me there
for a few minutes then turned the shower off and told me to take off the skirt
and thigh highs, I did.  I was much clearer after the shower, and I was ready
for raw, hard fucking.  I looked to him for a sign that he was also ready for
it.  He looked happy and I thought maybe, but instead he opened his pants and
pissed on me.  My cold skin surprised by his hot piss.  I couldn't believe it, I
hadn't even remotely expected it.  All I could think was "That Fucker!".  When
he was finished, he turned the cold water back on and threw a bar of soap at me,
telling me to wash while he watched.  He had me clean my cunt and ass over and
over again.  Just when I was about to cum, he'd tell me to go to my breasts.  I
broke down again and begged him to let me cum.  With that he had me rub soap all
over my fingers and clean the inside of my ass.  I did and he just smiled.  I
again thought "Fucker!".  But this time I was getting mad at my own slutty ass,
I wished I didn't want him so fucking much.  He had me rinse off and get out. 
He wouldn't give me a towel.  I stood in front of him my arms wrapped around me,
not out of modesty, out of being ice cold and trying to bring feeling back to my
skin. He turned away and head back towards the bedroom, I began to follow him. 
He stopped and lightly slapped my face telling me to crawl behind him, I was
going to challenge him but was again feeling defeated.  I got down on my hands
and knees and crawled behind him like a Bitch.  He took his pants off and sat in
a chair. I crawled over to him and sat on my fold legs at his feet.  I did have
a natural submissive side, my desire for sex fluctuated between "give me what I
want when I want it" and "just use my body however you want to".  I wanted to be
used at that moment.  He told me suck his cock.  I happily sucked it. 

"Deeper" He said, trusting up, gagging me.  He fucked my mouth gagging me over
and over.  I felt the drool running out of my mouth.  He let up and let me suck
on him. I licked his cock as I sucked, an old tongue injury from years before
had left my tongue able to flex a bit more than most peoples.  I felt his cock
pulse and swell.  I back away quickly, playing with him for not letting me cum. 
He grabbed my hair and pulled me to my feet.  I tried to keep up but fell once
where about he just kept on dragging.  He literally attacked me, slapping me
over and over, pulling on my tits, slapping them, biting my nipples until I told
him what a worthless cunt I was.  I was now sobbing, he was so alive, hyper
charged in the moment that it scared me.  He ruthlessly began pinching my aching
cunt lips twisting them, yanking them.  He had his full body on me pinning me
down, his hands invasively hurting my body making me feel every part of myself.
I was squirming wildly as he pressed on my clit giving me a rare painfully
intense orgasm.  I screamed as I came, I didn't open my eyes for what felt like
forever.  My head was rolling from side to side in the after glow of it, when he
meanly pinched my super sensitive clit. 

"Mother Fucker!!" I screamed at him, he slapped me.  I was up again, fighting
him, clawing for him, swinging for him. He hands on my neck and slammed into me
with his cock, holding my throat as he fucked.

"You little WHORE! He spat at me as he fucked.  I was still trying to get free.

"FUCK YOU!!" I screamed back and spit at him. He promptly flipped me over,
pushing my face into the bed and spread my ass, it was very wet with my cum and
juices, it didn't take much for him to enter it.  I screamed into the bed as he
raped my ass.

"Fucking Cunt...you have no control here...I own your ass now...just enjoy it, I
bet you do enjoy a cock up your ass, a proper woman who likes her ass
raped?..you're nothing but a common Whore" He hissed.  I bucked and fought with
a new energy.  He laughed and held me spread eagle, him over me completely ass
he kept trusting.

"Yes..fight Whore...You can win right?" He taunted.  His voice was black, devoid
of any sensitivity.  I wanted to cum again.  I spat at him like a caged animal,
he held both wrists above my head and slipped his free hand under me, grabbing
my breast.  I screamed at him to stop, it felt like he was going to pull it off. 
Instead of letting go, he clenched his fingers around it, and I felt his teeth
biting my shoulder, again I cried to stop.  He pumped with a new fury, making my
crying steady.  Then his cock exploded in my tight hole, his hand squeezing my
breast and his teeth almost drawing blood on my shoulder.  He gave a long deep
animalistic grunt as he pumped the final strokes into me.  His hands let my
breast and wrists go, his teeth pulled back and his lips kissed the spot he bit. 
Exhausted, he rolled off me. 



We laid there in silence.  I was so fulfilled sexually.  I was content and
happy.  I rolled my aching body on my back.  I shut my eyes and listened to the
sound of our erratic breathing.  Smiling, I looked at him slyly.

"Is that all you've got?" I asked, my voice faking disappointment. He laughed
and teasingly grabbed my hair.  He played with my hair for a few minutes, it was
putting me to sleep, and apparently it was putting him to sleep too.  His
fingers slowly came to a stop, he was fast asleep.  I smiled, my tired eyes
falling as I wondered if there was anything left to dream about.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather2


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





