BDSM Library - High School To Hell - A Thanatos Tale




High School To Hell - A Thanatos Tale
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautiful young Jenny Quarry's parents want to join the sadistic Thanatos Society and she is the membership fee.
DISCLAIMER:  This story contains graphic descriptions of the torture and
humiliation of teenage girls.  It is erotic fantasy.  If it may offend, do not
read.

HIGH SCHOOL TO HELL - A THANATOS TALE
By Cerberus

"You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
H.H. Munro (Saki) (1870 - 1916)

Readers who are patrons of the porno shops of Holland and Germany and are sharp
enough to gain entrance to the secret back rooms of some these establishments
are no doubt familiar with the "Thanatos" line of videotapes.  Despite its high
price, each film remains as popular as a twelve-year-old hooker selling
ten-dollar blowjobs at a pedophile convention. No expense is spared in the
making of a Thanatos Production.  The stars are usually unwilling girls in their
early teens who have been coerced into participation.  Let us take a look at a
typical product of the studio.  Their latest is called "HIGH SCHOOL TO HELL" and
stars fourteen year-old Jennifer Quarry.

As the film opens Jenny Quarry wakes up on an early Monday morning in October
with a sense of keen anticipation.  She jumps out of her canopied four-poster
bed in her spacious and very feminine bedroom.  She is wearing a white cotton
knee-length nightie that is decorated with cute pink and blue bunnies. The
fourteen year-old beauty is excited because today is the first day at her new
school.  Her parents have decided to take her out of the grade nine classes in
her neighborhood public high school and enroll her in the exclusive Thanatos
Academy.

She enters the adjoining bathroom, turns on the shower and raises her nightgown
over her head, affording the camera a brief glimpse of her naked backside before
she enters the steaming shower stall.  The scene dissolves in the vapor of the
shower.

 The next shot shows the naked beauty as she steps out of the shower.  She's a
little nervous at the thought of going to a strange new school but realizes that
her parents had her best interests at heart when they decided to send her to
that mysterious private academy.

She dries herself with a fluffy lilac-colored towel as she stands nude in front
of her full-length mirror.  Jenny admires her developing body.  The five-foot
two-inch teenaged blonde had entered puberty relatively late.  As a result, her
breasts are still developing.  Right now each white globe could just fill a
champagne glass.  A puffy cherry-red nipple perches atop each firm breast. 
Jenny uses her towel to wipe water from between her legs.  Only a few wispy
blond hairs covering her vagina are proof that she is a natural blond.  She has
long, slim legs.  Her most remarkable feature is her skin.  It is flawless  and
creamy pink in color.

As she continues to gaze dreamily into her mirror her image dissolves and
reappears on the screen of a large television set in her parent's bedroom. 
Apparently Jenny is looking into a two-way mirror with a tiny video camera
hidden behind it for her father sits on his bed watching his naked daughter
drying herself.

"God, she's a real beauty," her father declares as he watches Jenny who now has
her back to the mirror and is looking over her shoulder at her petit but well
rounded bum.

"Yes, she is," agrees her mother who's in the final stages of getting dressed.
She smiles when she notices that her naked husband is slowly stroking his large,
swollen cock as he continues to stare at his daughter.

Jenny turns once again to face the full-length mirror.  She stands with her legs
apart and rubs the towel over her vagina.  Soon she half closes her eyes and
drops the towel on the floor.  The camera zooms in to reveal that the teenager
is rubbing her clitoris with the forefinger of her right hand.  .

"Look at that little minx go at it," says her father.

Mary Quarry looks at the television screen and watches Jenny begin to moan as
she rubs the fleshy nub of her virgin clit.  "She's probably a bit nervous about
starting at a new school and is frigging herself to release some tension," she
remarks.  "I think she discovered the pleasures of masturbation a few months
after her thirteenth birthday."

The camera returns to Jenny who continues to moan quietly.  It moves in for a
close-up of her cunt.  The tender lips are moist with her vaginal juices.  She
is trembling slightly as the camera pulls back.  After a few moments, the
beautiful nude teen throws her head back and whimpers softly as an orgasm shakes
her trembling body.

While Jenny is shuddering through her standing orgasm, the camera shifts once
again to show her image on the screen on the television in her parents' bedroom. 
Suddenly her father begins to cum .  His sperm splatters the screen, obscuring
the image of his young daughter.  His wife laughs and remarks, "If only Jenny
knew that she was having a simultaneous orgasm with her own father!"

The scene dissolves with the camera showing a close up of Jenny's mother's
laughing face.

--

The next scene opens in the kitchen of Jenny's house.  Her parents and twin
sixteen year-old brothers are sitting at the table having breakfast when Jenny
enters the room.  She is wearing the official uniform of the Thanatos Academy. 
Both her brothers stare with open lust at their little sister.  She is wearing
black and white saddle shoes and white cotton socks that end just below her
knees.  Her narrow hips are encased in a green plaid kilt.  The hem of the skirt
rests six inches above her knees, revealing a good deal of her creamy, white
thighs.  The rest of her uniform consists of a translucent white blouse.  It is
tailored and hugs every curve of her upper body.  A narrow green, plaid tie
fixed in a tight half-Windsor knot around her slender throat complements the
blouse.   Under this conservative but sexy outfit Jenny is wearing the
regulation bra and bikini panties that are part of her uniform. They, too, are
made of a flimsy, semitransparent cloth..  Her brothers grin conspiratorially at
each other for their sister's nipples are clearly visible under her blouse. Her
long blond hair is tied in two braids

 "Are you sure you got me the right size uniform?" Jenny asks her mother as she
pours herself a bowl of Cheerios.  "I think the kilt is too short. And why can't
I wear a sweater over my blouse?  The material is so thin that I'm freezing."

"Nonsense," Mrs. Quarry replies.  "I can assure you that your uniform is exactly
in accordance with the regulations of the Thanatos Academy. You look lovely. 
Doesn't she dear?" she asks, turning to her husband.

"You look like an angel," he beams. "Doesn't she boys?"

Her brothers look at their sister as she walks to the table.  The fact that her
blouse doesn't do much to keep her warm is evident by the fact that her nipples
are as hard as pencil erasers and show clearly through her clothes.

"Sis, you look awesome," says her brother Jimmy.  "And don't worry about a
sweater.  I've heard that Thanatos High is a pretty hot place."

His brother, Bobby, guffaws at that remark and says, "Yes Jenny, from what I've
heard about the school you'll have no problem keeping warm.

Jenny stares at her brothers with a puzzled expression as she eats her cereal.

"You'd better hurry up and finish," says Dad. "The bus will be here soon."

As Jenny gets up, she asks her mother, 'Are you sure I don't have to bring any
luggage?"

"No, dear.  Everything you'll need is provided by the Academy"

Once again, Jenny looks with a bewildered expression at her father and brothers
as they all begin to chuckle.

"Why do I have to take a bus there?  Why can't you guys drive me to the
Academy?" asks the teen beauty.

Her mother tells her that those are the rules of her new school.  All new
students are to arrive on the school's bus.



The next scene opens outside Jenny's luxurious home.  She is standing on the
sidewalk in her short uniform with her mom and dad when a large, black school
bus pulls up.  Written on the side of the vehicle are the silver words "Thanatos
Academy".   The windows are tinted nearly black and Jenny cannot see into the
large vehicle.

The door of the bus opens with an ominous hiss.  The maledriver doesn't greet
her but looks impassively out the front windshield.  After kissing her parents
goodbye, she boards the large vehicle. 

As Jenny walks down the aisle she can't help but notice that the bus is
segregated.  On the one side of the bus, the female students sit while the male
students sit across the aisle behind the driver.

The girls all wear uniforms as brief and tight as Jenny's.  They are all very
beautiful but have a haunted, defeated look in their eyes.

The boys are dressed in gray slacks, blue blazers, white shirts and ties.  Their
neckties have the same plaid design as Jenny's kilt.  The boys follow Jenny with
their eyes as she walks to an empty seat at the back of the bus.

She sits beside a gorgeous oriental girl and says hello to her.

The Chinese beauty looks straight ahead and whispers. "We are not aloud to speak
on the bus until spoken to by a boy."

"But the boys are all talking," objects Jenny,

Her seatmate does not respond but looks straight ahead like all the other girls
on the bus.

The motor vehicle has pulled away and is heading out of town.  An aerial shot of
the bus shows it leaving the suburbs and travelling down a country highway.

The boys on the bus are not as uniformly good looking as the girls.  They all
have a disdainful air and many stare arrogantly Jenny.

She stares back at them bravely but can't shake the feeling that every boy on
the bus is mentally undressing her with his eyes.

The bus is now rolling down the highway that wends through the beautiful rolling
Connecticut countryside.

Jenny is feeling very uncomfortable in a bus where the boys are free to babble
but the girls are not.

From a seat near the front of the bus a corpulent student turns so that he is
seated sideways with his legs in the aisle.   He appraises the female students
who continue to sit quietly on the opposite side of the bus.

Jenny notices with some distaste that the fat boy is particularly ugly.  Despite
his youth, his face is bloated.  He has piggy little eyes and a double chin.  To
make matters worse, his skin is infected with acne and shines with perspiration.

His gaze stops at Jenny's seatmate.

"Nancy!" he calls.  "Haul your sweet cunt over here."

Jenny is shocked by this obscene order and notices the Chinese girl's sharp
intake of breath upon hearing it.

Without a word, Nancy squeezes by Jenny and walks with resignation to the front
of the bus.  She stops in front of the boy and stand silently between his fat
legs. 

"How old are you, Nancy?" he asks

"I turned thirteen last month," she meekly whispers.

"Your kind of scrawny.  Are you eating enough?  Did you have breakfast?" he
asks.

"Yes," she responds.

"What did you have?" he continues.

"Toast and a bowl of Shreddies," she answers as she gazes down at her patent
leather shoes.

The corpulent student licks his lips and leans forward.  He reaches out with his
right hand and lifts up the hem in the front of her short kilt and tucks it into
her waistband revealing her white diaphanous panties.  He then begins to caress
the inside of Nancy's right thigh. 

As soon as he does this, the camera shows young Jenny's reaction.  Her dark eyes
open wide in shocked bewilderment.

All the boys on the bus have become silent and gleefully watch their cruel
fellow student humiliate the oriental beauty.

"Didn't you have any bacon or eggs or other kind of protein?"  The fat boy asks
loudly as his hand continues its journey up the young teenager's slim inner
thigh.

"No, I didn't," she responds quietly as tears of mortification flow down her
cheeks.

"Well, that's not acceptable.  You know that breakfast is the most important
meal of the day.  I feel it my duty to make sure you eat a balanced diet.

By now the fat student has had run his hand all the way up the teenager's leg. 
The camera shows his thick, dirty-nailed thumb slip under her panties.  He uses
it to hook the crotch and tear the garment away revealing the Chinese teen's
hairless vulva. She trembles but does not move away as he worms his dirty thumb
into her cunt.

Nancy gasps when this happens and throws her head back.

With his left hand, the corpulent student unzips the fly of his gray flannel
slacks and pulls out his prick.  He simultaneously strokes his dick and Nancy's
cunt.

The kids in the bus remain totally silent as they watch the spectacle of the fat
boy frigging both himself and the thirteen year-old girl.  Jenny Quarry cannot
believe what she is seeing.  She wonders why the bus driver does nothing to stop
this outrageous behavior.   Surely he knows what's happening just a few feet
behind him.

The camera shows a close-up of the boy's thumb as it is inserted all the way
into the girl's love channel.

"You're nice and tight," the boy smirks.  "Now your cunt muscles even more.  See
if you can prevent me from pulling my thumb out"

The girl's face contorts with effort as she strains to tighten her cunt meat
around the fat kid's dirty thumb.

Despite her best efforts the fat student slides his thumb out of her.  It
glistens with her juices.  He holds it an inch from her face and orders her to
suck it clean.

Nancy grimaces and envelops his slick thumb with her lips.  She sucks his thumb
noisily.

After a few moments the fat boy gasps and points his cock down towards the floor
of the bus.  He ejaculates violently and gobs of pearly white sperm splash onto
his shiny black shoes.  The other boys on the bus cheer loudly.

As soon as he finishes cumming he withdraws his thumb from Nancy's mouth.  He
smiles, points to his sperm spattered shoes and says, "There's the rest of your
breakfast."

Nancy's face crumbles under the weight of her public humiliation.  Nevertheless
she drops to her knees on the dirty floor of the bus and bends forward until her
face is only inches from the boy's slimy shoes.  The camera reveals that, in
that position, Nancy's short kilt barely covers her now naked bum. 

Without any hesitation she sticks her pink tongue out and dips it into the
largest puddle of sperm that happens to rest on the toe of the boy's left shoe. 
While she is in this position, one of the other boys stands up and walks behind
the Oriental beauty.   He has a big, goofy grin on his face - obviously the
class clown.  In his left hand he holds what Jenny takes to be the official
school pennant of the Thanatos Academy.  It is a black triangular flag with
"Thanatos Academy" printed in bold silver letters.  The flag is attached to one
end of a foot-long rod.  This rod is made of rough, unsanded wood and is
three-quarters of an inch in diameter.  The grinning boy squats down behind
Nancy, who continues to lick the fat student's sperm covered shoes.  He uses the
thumb and forefinger of his right hand to spread open the cheeks of her upturned
ass, revealing the tight sphincter of her bum hole.  Holding her cheeks apart,
he forces the end of the penant into her ass-hole.  The pain of this violation
of her tender bum by the splintery wood makes Nancy squeal loudly.  More tears
pour from her eyes onto the fat student's shoes.  The class clown continues to
push the rod into her ass-hole until three inches of it are inside the thirteen
year-old.

Despite the pain and humiliation the young Chinese slowly and methodically licks
all the cum off of his shoe.  She then switches to the other shoe and licks it
clean.  Finally she uses her tongue to lap up the drops of sperm that have
landed on the floor of the bus.

  "Nancy," says the corpulent boy. 

The young beauty looks up.  Droplets of cum coat her full lower lip.

"You may remove the school flag from your bum hole and stand up."

Still on her knees, Nancy reaches behind her and slowly pulls the wooden
flagstick from her butt.  At this point the director of the video uses a split
screen technique.  On the left side of the screen is a close-up of Nancy's face
and on the right, a close-up of the fat rod being withdrawn from her injured
anus.  The end of the bumpy, light-colored wood is covered with shit and blood. 
Pain and shame twist Nancy's face.

With great difficulty she stands to attention before her obese tormentor.

The camera has now returned to a single image and it shows Nancy from the rear. 
Her kilt is now back in place.  A thin rivulet of blood can be seen slowly
flowing down the inside of her left thigh. 

The fat boy tells her to show him the school pennant.  She holds it out before
him.

"You little bitch, " he snarls.  "You've dishonored the staff supporting our
beloved Academy's flag with your shit and blood.  Clean it off with your
disgusting lips."

Nancy shudders with trepidation but opens her mouth and put the foul end of the
stick into her mouth.  She closes her lips around it and sucks the foul mess
into her stomach. 

The camera pull back to a shot of her entire body.  Her stomach is heaving as
she tries not to throw up.  The inside of her white knee sock is slowly turning
red from the blood dribbling down her leg from her injured anus.

After a moment of dry heaving, Nancy's stomach settles down.

The fat student permits her to return to her seat.  Slowly, Nancy walks up the
aisle of the bus and squeezes past Jenny to her seat.  She grimaces as she sits
down on her injured bum

The boys in the bus begin their raucous chatter again as tears of shame continue
to flow down the young Oriental's cheeks. She says nothing.

---

The next scene shows the black bus entering through the gates of Thanatos
Academy.  The school is a large gray limestone mansion on top of a wooded hill.

The vehicle wends its way up the long driveway.  As it approaches the front door
of the school, it passes the guest parking lot.  Jenny is not so stunned by the
abomination she has witnessed on the bus not to notice that her parents' green
Land Rover is parked in the lot.  The young teen is filled with hope. Maybe mom
and dad have changed their minds and have come to bring her home!

The bus comes to a halt in front of the school's main doors.   Jenny gets off
the bus with the other students, she is immediately intercepted met by a severe
looking woman with steel gray hair tied in a tight bun.

"You must be Jenny," she remarks coldly.

"Yes," the youngster replies, still a little dazed from her bus trip.  "I notice
my parents' car parked in the lot.  They must be here to take me home."

Ignoring the girl's remark, the unsmiling woman continues, "I'm Ms Vortek, the
Assistant Head Mistress.  Come with me to meet the Head Master."

Having said this, she turns on her heel and proceeds toward the school.  Jenny
meekly follows into the bowels of the forbidding limestone building.

----------------------End of Part One




DISCLAIMER:  This story contains graphic descriptions of the torture and
debasement of teenage girls.  It is erotic fantasy.  If it might offend, do not
read.

HIGH SCHOOL TO HELL - A THANATOS TALE-PART TWO
By Cerberus

Chapter Two: Squeal of Fortune

	The camera follows Jenny as she approaches the heavy carved wooden doors
of the Thanatos Academy.  She is still very upset by what she witnessed on the
bus.  Surely that fat boy will not get away with humiliating that beautiful
schoolgirl.  Jenny is confident that as soon as she has a chance to tell someone
in authority that boy will be expelled and the bus driver fired.  Ms Vortek
obviously is not in a receptive mood so Jenny will tell her or some one else
later.

	The severe looking woman opens the right hand door and motions the
fourteen year-old to go through.  The foyer is large and cool.  Its marble floor
resonates with the footsteps of students who are purposefully hurrying into a
wide central corridor.  Jenny and Ms Vortek stop inside the doorway.  The teen
can't help but notice that, like her, all the female students are stunningly
attractive.  No acne-scarred overweight students in this school.  Like Jenny
each girl is dressed in the tight, sexy school uniform whose kilt snuggle the
hugs the hips and whose hem ends just and inch or two beneath the bottom of each
girl's bum. 

	Jenny finds it strange that none of the girls speak to each other. 
She's used to the lively chatter that characterized the crowds of students in
her old public high school.  The silence of the girls here is somewhat unnerving
particularly since the male students are joking and talking as they flow down
the same corridor as the female students.
	
	As the crowds of students continue to go past her Jenny looks around the
Academy's foyer.  Like the outside walls of the building, the inside of this
semi-circular room is made of limestone, giving the building the feel of a
castle.   The entrance hall is actually like an atrium as the ceiling is three
storeys above the floor.  A huge wrought iron chandelier hangs over the center
of the room.  Twin granite stairways start on either side of the entrance of the
central corridor and then curve towards each other and join to form a single
wide stairway leading to a landing on the second level of the academy.  That
landing curves around the inside wall of the room and leads to entrances to the
left and right wings of the building.  Similar entrances exist on the main floor
and it is from these wings that the students are coming.
	
	Jenny and Ms Vortek wait until the last student disappears down the hall
and they are alone.  She tells Jenny to come with her down the central hallway
with the other students.   As they enter the main corridor the older woman
notices that Jenny is looking at a series of large oil paintings that line the
walls
	
	"My dear," she remarks.  "I see you are looking at the paintings.  Do
you recognize anyone?"
	
	"No Ms Vortek."
	
	"Well as you may recall your parents telling you that this academy is
owned by the Thanatos Society.  These are portraits of people who, in the past,
have exemplified the spirit by which the Society governs the school," the tall
woman explains.
	
	Ms Vortek stops in front of the first picture.  "This, my dear is the
Monsieur Donatien-Joseph-Francois le Marquis de Sade.  This next portrait is a
painting of Countess Elisabeth Bathory.  She lived in Hungary several centuries
ago and is also known as the Blood Countess.  This delightfully depraved woman
is responsible for the deaths of hundreds of virgin girls.  She believed that
bathing in their blood would prevent her from looking older. It certainly
prevented them from looking older," laughs the tall woman.
	
	"Across the hall are pictures of Gilles de Rais, a Marshall of France
who personally butchered more than six hundred children in only two years -
almost one a day!  Apparently he was inspired by tales of the excesses of some
of the Roman emperors.  Finally we have a more recent inspiration.  This is
General Matsui Iwane, Commander in Chief of the Imperial Japanese Army in
Central China during the 1930's.    I doubt that you've learned about the Rape
of Nanking in your politically correct old school.  Well the General here was
the commanding officer when that occurred.  More than three hundred and sixty
thousand people were murdered and over eighty thousand women and girls were
raped.  But don't worry, you'll learn about all of these people and others like
them during your stay with us."
	
	Jenny wonders why an exclusive private high school would have the
picture of the man who lent his name to sadism, homicidal maniacs and a war
criminal on its walls.
	
	Ms Vortek tells Jenny that she must hurry for the students are assembled
to welcome her and the other new students to the school.  They continue down the
corridor until it ends at a series of two sets of double doors.  Jenny can hear
the voices of the male students and surmises that these doors lead to some sort
of auditorium.  However, instead of entering, Ms Vortek leads Jenny through a
small door on the same wall as the double doors but thirty feet away from them.
They continue down a narrow hallway that leads to the backstage area of the
lecture hall.
	
	The camera follows Jenny and her companion entering through a tall
double door into a large room situated backstage.  Five boys and four girls are
sitting on straight wooden chairs.  They are all in their early teens and are
all wearing the Thanatos school uniform.  Ms Vortek instructs Jenny to sit on
the empty chair beside one of the girls.
	
	They sit in silence as the camera slowly pans over the exquisite
features of the female students.  Both the boys and the girls appear nervous and
uncertain.  The camera confirms to the viewer that these girls exude the same
sexy innocence that Jenny does.
	
	Shortly a distinguished looking man enters the room.  Ms Vortek
introduces him as Mr Schilling the Headmaster.
	
	"Good day students and welcome to your first day of school," he smiles. 
Mr Schilling has a clipped British accent.  He wears a brown tweed suit and
polished brown oxford shoes.  His starched white shirt is adorned with the
school tie.
	
	He continues.  "In a moment we are going to carry on a very old
tradition of introducing you new students to the rest of your schoolmates.  We
like to make every student feel welcome.  So if you will follow me and Ms Vortek
we shall begin the ceremony."
	
	The ten new students quietly stand up.  The girls nervously tug at their
short kilts, self-consciously aware of how much thigh they reveal.
	
	Ms Vortek says,  "I want you boys to file onto the stage first.  Keep
walking sit down on the five chairs on this side of the lectern that is in the
centre of the stage.  You girls wait here a moment.  Ms Vortek want to make sure
you appear at your best for your big debuts."  The boys follow the Headmaster
towards a door leading to the stage.
	
	Jenny and the four other girls remain alone with Ms Vortek.  This is her
chance to tell the woman what happened on the bus.
	
	"Ms Vortek," she begins.  "I think that you ought to know that something
terrible happened on the bus trip here."
	
	"Silence you little bitch!!", the woman interjects.  "You have not been
given permission to speak."
	
	Jenny reacts as if she's been slapped.  The other girls gasp at the
outburst.
	
	Ms Vortek presses an intercom button on the wall.  "Send them in," she
commands.
	
	Almost immediately five very large men come in the room.  The shortest
is six and a half feet tall.  All are heavily muscled.  Each wears tight black
pants whose cuffs are tucked into highly polished jackboots.  Jenny notices that
instead of a zippered fly each man's crotch is covered by a leather codpiece. 
They are shirtless but wear black leather harnesses whose straps crisscross
their upper bodies.  Each man's head is shaved bald and his skin glistens as if
oiled.  They arrange themselves so that each man stand directly behind a chair
occupied by one of the beautiful teenaged students.
	
	Ms Vortek stands before them and addresses the girls.  "Before you are
brought on the stage, I want you to remove your clothing."
	
	The girls cannot believe their ears and sit in stunned silence.
	
	"Do as I say immediately!!" Vortek shouts.
	
	One of the girls, a diminutive blonde, stands up and shouts.  "You can't
do this to me.  I'm going to tell my parents....OW..WW!"
	
	The giant standing behind her who effortlessly grabs her by her blond
hair and lifts her up so that her feet are two feet off the floor silences her
in mid sentence.  A second man places his hand in the waistbands of her kilt and
panties and with one easy motion tears the garments from her body.  The first
man grabs the back of her shirt rips it off and throws it away.  The girl
screams in pain as he then grabs her bra and tears it away too.  Her face is red
with pain and humiliation.  Her body is naked but for her knee socks and shoes. 
She continues to struggle but cannot break the man's iron grip on her hair. The
second man now drives his fist into her soft belly.  She grunts as the man
holding her throws her to the hard floor where she curls up in a ball, slowly
moaning.  This all happens in less than ten seconds.
	
	"Now girls," says Ms Vortek to the other students.  "If you don't want
the same thing to happen to you take off you fucking clothes now!!"
	
	Jenny and the three other teens quickly strip off their clothes and
leave them on the chairs as instructed.  Each girl stands with one arm across
her breasts and the hand of her other arm over her vagina.  The cold air in the
room has raised goosebumps on all of them.
	
	There is a knock on the door.  One of the men opens it and stands aside
as attendants wheel in five large metal frames.  Each frame is a rectangle
measuring eight feet in height and four feet in width.   It is attached to a
stable metal base by two vertical metal rods that are attached to the midpoint
of the sides of each frame by a swivel pin that allows the frame rotated from
vertical to horizontal through a full 360o.  Adjustable chains with leather
cuffs are attached to the four corners of each rectangle.
	
	Ms Vortek looks at her assistants and says, "All right boys, string
these little cunts up."
	
	The picture dissolves in a scene of large men grabbing naked little
teenaged girls who struggle futilely to resist.
	
	The next scene opens with a shot of the five hundred students who make
up the majority of the audience.  The main floor of the hall is divided into
three sections of seats by two aisles that run the length of the theater.  The
audience is segregated.  There are three hundred boys seated in the center of
the auditorium while the one hundred female students occupy the seats on either
side.  Each girl sits bolt upright, hardly moving.  All the girls look
uncomfortable.  Only when the camera moves in for a close-up of one of the
students, a beautiful coffee colored fifteen year-old does the reason for their
discomfort become apparent. There are two small eyebolts screwed into opposite
ends of the top of the back of her chair.  A thin strand of clear monofilament
fishing line has been looped twice around the girl's throat.  The loops are
tight and the thin line presses cruelly into the soft flesh of her neck so that
she can swallow only with great difficulty.  The opposite ends of the line have
then been threaded through the eyebolts and allowed to pass down the seat back.  
The ends of the fishing line continue under the seat and are tied around each of
the girl's ankles.  If she moves her feet the tension on her throat increases. 
Thus she and her sisters-in-pain must remain immobile for all the female
students are bound in the same manner.
	
	There is a balcony in this theater and prosperous looking men, some of
whom are accompanied by very attractive young women, occupy it.
	
	The camera pans along the first row of the orchestra to show ten adult
couples.  Jenny's parents are among that group.
	
	On the centre of the stage is a lectern behind which the Headmaster
stands checking his notes.  The new male students sit in chairs behind the man. 
These boys are quite young, ranging in age from twelve to fourteen.
	
	The house lights dim and the boys in the audience join their female
students in silence.  The stage lights come up and the boys cheer as Ms Vortek
joins the Headmaster.  They know that the fun is about to begin,
	
	
	At a signal from Ms Vortek her five enormous assistants wheel in the
metal frames.  The boys in the audience go wild.  Each new girl hangs suspended
by wrists and ankles from a frame.  Each is, of course, completely naked.  The
chains holding them in place have been adjusted so that each girl's arms and
legs are pulled tightly apart.  The girls are crying and moaning but their sound
is muffled by large red ball gags that have been shoved into their mouths.
	
	Jenny is suspended from the second frame to be rolled onstage.  She
looks wildly about the large auditorium until her gaze rests on her parents who
sit smiling in the front row of the audience.  "Why are they smiling?" she
wonders.  "Why doesn't daddy storm up here and save me?"
	
	The Headmaster steps to the lectern and addresses the audience.
	
	"Parents, honoured guests, boys and sluts."
	
	Schilling continues.  "We are gathered here to welcome ten new students
to the Academy.  This school has a unique philosophy.  Of course we are
dedicated to the education of our students.  However we have different
educational goals. One for the boys and an entirely different one for the cunts. 
You young gentlemen are the sons of the members of the Thanatos Society.  When
you graduate, you will be entering into an exclusive circle dedicated to the
defilement of beautiful young women.  You are here to learn the Way of the
Sadist.
	
	Jenny and the four other new girls cannot believe their ears as the boys
cheer the headmaster's words.  Tears are flowing freely down her cheeks and
dropping onto her breasts.
	
	"You new girls," continues the speaker, "have been brought here to be
educated as well.  Depending on your ability to learn and endure hardship both
physical and psychological you may have the good fortune to graduate as a
sex-slave.  If you look at the people in the balcony you will see some of our
successful graduates who are here with their owners."
	
	The camera shows the audience in the balcony.  Several the attractive
women have their heads in the laps of the men beside them as they suck their
cocks.  Others sit still while their owners fondle their breasts or their
crotches.
	
	"I must warn you new cunts that the chances of graduating as a fully
trained sex-slave are one in twenty." Schilling goes on.  " Most of you will not
succeed.  But never fear, those of you who cannot make the grade as a sex-slave
will be sent to the headquarters of the Thanatos Society where you will be
slowly tortured to death for the entertainment of its members.
	
	
	Mr Schilling turns to the new boys and says, "Young gentlemen, I want
you to introduce yourselves properly to these girls."
	
	The boys on stage have been gazing in awe at the naked girls.  They
appear not to have heard the Headmaster.
	
	"Come along boys," says Schilling.  "I know that this is probably the
first time you've actually been in the same room with a naked girl so take this
opportunity to acquaint yourself with the delights of the teenaged female form. 
Don't worry about your parents.  They want to encourage this valuable learning
experience.  And don't worry about the cunts' parents either.  Their daughters
are their entrance fees for joining the Thanatos Society.  In fact, in a few
moments I will invite the girls' fathers to join us onstage.  Now get up each of
you and stand behind one of the girls."
	
	Encouraged by the cheers of the boys in the audience the new boys slowly
stand up and walk to the bound girls.   Hesitantly at first, but with growing
confidence they run their hands over the captive teens' naked bodies, fondling
budding breasts and plump behinds.  The boys run their hands up the legs of the
girls and press their hands over the lips of the girls' vaginas.
	
	"Careful boys," warns Mr Schilling, "Don't stick your fingers (or
anything else) into their cunts.  I know for a fact that  they are all virgins
and we want them to remain intact.  For now.
	
	"Now New Boys and New Cunts," continues Schilling.  "You've been in this
school for less than an hour and you're going to learn your first lesson
already.   Here is it is. In the Thanatos Academy you young gentlemen are the
princes.  These cunts are no more than meatpuppets.  They like all the other
cunts in the audience are property of the Thanatos Society
	
	"As is the tradition with the Academy I want you new boys to help
persuade these little cunts that they are only cattle and you know what we do to
cattle?  Why we brand them and that is what you are going to do."
	
	An attendant rolls a cart onto the stage. On it is a large brazier
filled with red-hot coals.  Five iron rods protrude from the mound of coals. 
Each rod is two feet long with a wooden handle at one end.
	
	The girls eyes open even wider when they see the hot coals and they
struggle more energetically but to no avail.
	
	The Headmaster continues.  "Boys, In a moment I want each of you to take
a branding iron and use it on the girl in front of you.  This will remind them
that they are merely property and will serve to assure you that you, indeed, are
their masters.
	
	"We are going to let fate decide the part of each girl's lovely body you
will burn.  Bring out the Wheel," he orders.

	 To the cheers of the boys in the audience a large vertical wheel of
fortune is brought out onto the stage.  The wheel is divided into twelve
pie-shaped sections.  Instead of containing a number, each section shows a body
part.  The sections read alternately Left Buttock" or "Right Buttock" except for
the pie at the six o'clock position which reads "Forehead" and the one at the
top of the wheel which reads "Vagina".

	"Ms Vortek," Schilling continues.  "Please do the honours.  Spin the
wheel and show us what this crop of new cunts has in store for it."

	Vortek steps up to the wheel and gives it a strong pull.  Round and
round it clicks.  Then it slows down as Left Buttock... Right Buttock... Left
Buttock... Vagina... roll past the pointer until finally the wheel stops.

	"Left Buttock!" announces Ms Vortek.

	Mr Schilling points to the lad standing behind the girl hanging closest
to the side of the stage.  "What's your name lad?"

	"William Prentice sir," responds a thin, short boy.

	"Well young William, the cunt in front of you is Mary Brennan.  She's a
twelve year-old blond bitch.  I think she's a natural blond but it's difficult
to tell since she has appears to have no pubic hair to use as a comparison."

	The boys in the audience roar as tears continue to flow down Mary's
cheeks and onto her barely formed breasts.

	"Tell me Willy," the headmaster goes on.  "Do you find her pretty.

	"Yes sir."

	"What part of her do you find the most attractive?"

	"Her bum, sir"

	"Yes, it is a fine round butt, isn't it.  Suppose we improve it right
now.  Go to the brazier and take out one of the branding irons.  It doesn't
matter which one.  They're all the same.

	The camera shows little Willy removing a red-hot iron from the coals. 
He looks at the brand.  Glowing red are the initials TS.  The S is shaped like a
snake and is twined around the vertical column of the T.

	As the young student was removing the iron two assistants spun Mary
Brennan's frame around so that her backside was facing the audience.

	"Quickly now lad," order Mr Schilling.  Brand her while the iron is
still hot and make sure you're holding iron in the proper position so that the
brand is not upside down.'

	William quickly walks back to Mary.  He hesitates for a moment but then
carefully presses the red-hot iron into the soft flesh of Mary's left buttock. 
The camera shows this in split screen.  On the right half the viewer sees a wisp
of smoke rise as the iron burns its way into the layers of the girl's flesh
while on the left side of the screen we see a close-up of Mary's face contorting
in absolute agony.  Tears pour from her eyes and the drool seeps from her
ball-gag filled mouth.  The camera then shows a full shot of the iron being
removed from her bottom.  A red-black blistered brand is burned into her
otherwise perfect flesh.

	The video continues as three of the new boys brand three of the girls. 
Jenny is the last to be branded and the intense pain causes her to lose control
of her bladder.  Her pee splashes onto the stage, much to the amusement of the
audience.

	"Oh dear," states Mr Schilling with false sympathy.  "It appears that
young Jenny has had an accident.  Can Mr Johnson come out here and clean it up
please?"  The headmaster smiles evilly and the boys n the audience shouts with
glee as the janitor, Mr. Johnson, comes on stage with a mop and pail as well as
a white wash cloth.  The janitor is an obese black man who appears to be well
into his sixties.  He drops the wash cloth into the puddle of urine.  While he
is doing this one of the giant assistants is removing the ball gag from Jenny's
mouth after spinning her frame around so that she once again faces the audience.

	"Oh Mommy and Daddy help me!!" she screams.  But Mommy and Daddy only
smile up at her as of she were the lead in the Christmas Play.	

	Meanwhile the janitor has picked up the washcloth. It is now yellow with
Jenny's urine.  He holds it by one corner and it drips piss as he brings it to
the man who has removed Jenny's ball gag.  The man takes the disgusting rag and
forms it gently into a loose ball and holds it in his right hand while her
pinches Jenny's nostrils shut with the thumb and forefinger of his left hand. 
In a moment the fourteen year-old girl is forced to open her mouth to breathe. 
When she does her deftly shoves the piss-soaked washcloth into her mouth and
skilfully keeps it there with a simple gag. 

	The audience roars with laughter as Jenny struggles vainly to spit out
the piss-cloth.  She clamps her jaws shut squeezing piss down her throat.  Some
of it leaks out the corners of her mouth and drips down her chin onto her
breasts.  The vile taste makes her stomach heave in spasms of revulsion.  She
vomits but because the pissy cloth and the gag block her mouth, she swallows
most of it.  However some puke blows out her nose and onto her chest.

	The audience screams with laughter.  The janitor, who has been mopping
up the rest of Jenny's piss places the mop into his bucket and then slowly walks
over to Jenny.  He pulls a greasy rag out of his back pocket and matter-of-
factly wipes down the front of her body.  The old man concentrates his efforts
on her breasts, swirling the rag around and around stimulating her nipples to
swell.  Satisfied that he has cleaned the piss and puke from her chest, the
janitor picks up his mop and pail and leaves.

	The Headmaster resumes his address, speaking loudly in order to be heard
over the moaning of the five branded teens.

	"It is at this point in the induction ceremony that I would ask the
fathers of these five cuntlets to come on stage."

	Five men, including Jenny's father, rise and climb a staircase at the
side of the stage.

	Addressing the audience the Headmaster continues, "As I have mentioned
already, these New Cunts are virgins.  It is an age-old tradition that each
girl's father has the honour of being the first man to fuck his daughter."

	Jenny and the other girls react by increasing their struggles but they
are as helpless as butterflies caught in spiderwebs.

	"Gentlemen if you will take your positions between your daughters' legs,
we can begin.

	Jenny's father and the other men walk toward their daughters.  The giant
assistants spin the frames to which the girls are chained backwards so that the
girls are upside down.  The fathers step forward so that they are standing a
foot or so from the inverted backsides of their daughters.  The assistants then
rotate the frames a quarter turn forward so that the girls are stretched in a
horizontal position with their father standing between their legs.

	"Gentlemen," Mr Schilling announces.  "With your permission I'd like the
new boys to participate in this ceremony.  Since you are taking your daughters'
cunts I wonder if you would be willing to give these New Boys the honour of
being the first to fuck your daughters' mouths?"

	"I think that is a delightful suggestion." Jenny's father responds and
the four other fathers nod in agreement.

	"Fine then," says the Headmaster.  He then tells the assistants to
prepare the girls.

	With efficiency borne of long practice the assistants remove the ball
gags from four of the girls and the piss-gag from Jenny.  Jenny gasps, breathing
in the relatively fresh air in the auditorium.  The assistants then insert ring
gags in the girls' mouths.  These will prevent the girls from biting the boys
while affording the boys access to the girls' warm mouths,.

	The five New Boys climb under the frames and stand at the head of each
girl.  Each boy eagerly unzips his fly and takes out his blood engorged penis. 
He then shoves his cock into the mouth of each helpless young teenaged girl.

	The sight of their daughters being raped in the mouth excites the girl's
fathers who have taken their dicks from their pants as well.  As if members of a
team of synchronised rapists each man steps forward, pries the lips of his
daughter's cunt open with his thumbs and drives his cock into her virgin cunt.

	The girls scream in unison as the flesh of their virginity is torn away. 
The vibrations of the screams excite three of the boys to the point where they
begin to cum in the girls' mouths.  Once they come, the other two boys do as
well and five dicks spurt gobs of hot sperm down five virgin throats.  Although
in the cases of Jenny and twelve year-old Mary some of the pearly sperm blows
out of their noses.  None of the girls have tasted sperm before and the flavour
makes them retch.  The spasm of their retching in turn causes them to tighten
the muscles of their cunts around their fathers' pricks.

	The camera glides over the row of fathers, looking down as hard cocks
drive in and out of their daughters.  Each prick gleams with cunt juice and
virgin blood.  Small puddle of girl-goo form on the floor directly beneath each
girl's ravaged cunt.  The fathers continue to rape their daughters, driving
relentlessly in and out in time to a chant that has risen spontaneously out of
the audience. 

	"In!!...Out!!...In!!...Out!!...In!!...."

	In a few moments the men grunt and pump their sperm into the cunts of
their daughters.

	The boys have already withdrawn from their victims and are sitting on
their chairs.  The fathers step away from their daughters, zip up and leave the
stage without a backwards glance at their ravaged offspring.  The boys in the
audience cheer wildly.

	The assistants rotate the frames to which the girls are chained to the
upright position.  The young naked girls are bathed in sweat and sag in their
bonds.  Soon each girl's father's sperm, tinged pink with her virgin blood,
begins to seep out of her vagina and down the insides of her thighs.

	The Headmaster addresses the audience once more.  "We are almost at the
end of our induction ceremony.  Once again I thank the parents for being here to
witness the defilement of these beautiful young cunts.  

	"Before we leave there is just one thing left to do.  We don't want
these girls to become pregnant by their fathers so I would ask the girls'
mothers to come on stage to assist in douching their child."

	Five women sitting in the front row get up mount the stairs to the
stage.  An assistant hands each one a bucket filled with a foul smelling green
liquid.  A turkey baster rests in the liquid of each pail.  Each mother
approaches her daughter,

	Ms Vortek  steps to the lectern and addresses the mothers and the
audience.  "You are about to give your daughter a douche to prevent them from
getting pregnant by your husbands.  It might amuse you to know that the liquid
being used is a special blend created exclusively by the chemists of the
Thanatos Society, Of course the blend contains a spermicide but what makes it
unique are its other ingredients.  There is extract of oil of the Jalapeno
pepper as well as a chemical that causes continuous itching.

	"Gentlemen, if you will..."

	The assistants remove the gags from the girls and then rotate the frames
so that the girls are upside down.  Each mother steps up to her daughter,
squeezes the bulb of the baster so that the plastic cylinder fills with the
green liquid.

	The girls plead.  "No mother, Please. Don't do this to me.... I hurt so
badly already.....I'll do anything, just don't use that on me!!!"

	The pleas for mercy fall on deaf ears.  Jenny's mother and the others
insert the tips of the turkey baster into their daughters' vaginas and squeeze.

	"EEEEAAAAARRRGHHH!!!"

	The walls of the auditorium shake with the high pitched screams of the
young teen captives whose vaginas feel like they are on fire.  The cruel women
keep refilling the basters from their buckets and squirting more liquid fire
into their daughters ravaged sex organs.  The green liquid soon overflows and
runs down the crack of their asses, setting fire to the buds of their ass-holes.

	Mercifully all five girls pass out within minutes of each other.

	The audience cheers wildly while the assistants wheel the defiled
unconscious teenaged victims of the stage.

	As the audience makes ready to leave Ms Vortek invites the parents of
the new students to have tea with the Headmaster and her.  They are eager to
tell the parents about the school's unique curriculum.

........................End of Part Two




DISCLAIMER:  This story contains graphic descriptions of the torture and
humiliation of adolescent girls.  It is erotic fantasy.  If it might offend, do
not read.

HIGH SCHOOL TO HELL - A THANATOS TALE- PART THREE

By Cerberus

Chapter Three: Curriculum of Pain

The Thanatos video continues.  It shows the raped and brutalized young girls
being wheeled away, while the teenagers' parents follow Ms Vortek out of the
auditorium and down the hall to the Headmaster's quarters.  Headmaster Schilling
is already there, standing at the head of a large mahogany table.

"Welcome, welcome," he greets them heartily. "Come in, take a seat and join Ms
Vortek and myself for tea."

The parents are delighted to see that the "seats" he is referring to are no
ordinary chairs.

"As you can see," he continues "this room is furnished with "living furniture".

The camera reveals that each chair consists of a padded wooden bench thirty
inches in length and twelve inches wide. Handles adorn the ends of each bench. 
The seat has no legs, but is held up at each end by a kneeling, naked teenaged
girl.

"These flesh-dollies are all being punished for various transgressions and have
been sentenced to serve one week as a piece of furniture," Vortek explains. 
"Hopefully this ordeal will convince the little cunts that they have precisely
as many rights as a piece of furniture."  Indicating a slender, blonde with long
legs and small breasts, Ms Vortek continues.  "For instance, Kelly here balked
when one of the boys ordered her to take a cigarette and stub it out on her left
nipple.  Can you imagine the effrontery of the little bitch?"  The camera
focuses on the girl's breast.  The nipple is scarred with numerous cigarette
burns.

All the parents agree as they take their seats along with the Headmaster, who
sits at the head of the table.   The naked girls strain mightily to support the
weight of the adults.  The parents need not fear that any girl will allow her
end of the bench to fall,  for each one has a silver ring through the nipple of
her breast.  A short wire is fastened to the nipple ring and extends to an
eyebolt, screwed into the outer edge of the bench seat.  If a hapless girl
should drop her burden, her tender buds would be horribly mutilated, as the
weight of a falling parent rips the rings from their nipples.

Ignoring the soft groans from the girls, Mr Schiller lifts a small bell from the
table and rings it.  Immediately, a door opens and a beautiful raven haired girl
pushes a serving cart loaded with a tea service with plates of pastry and small
sandwiches into the room.  This girl is wearing the school uniform, but without
a bra or panties.  She expertly serves the tea after placing the platters of
food on the table.  The camera shoots up from the floor to show the father of
one of the new girls slipping his hand under her kilt and fondling her bum as
she pours his tea.  She shudders, but does nothing to stop him.

The serving girl leaves.  As the parents of the new students take their tea, the
Headmaster begins to speak.  "I know that you fathers of boys who have started
here today are familiar with the school and its philosophy.  In fact, I'm
pleased to see that three of you are graduates of the Academy."

Three of the men at the table nod agreeably.  One of them says, "Yes, indeed.  I
graduated from this school around twenty years ago and have many happy memories
of the old place.  I'm sure my son, Johnny, will enjoy it too."

The Headmaster smiles and continues.  "Well, I ask you to bear with me as I
direct my comments to those of you who have donated your daughters to the
Academy.  I am pleased to confirm that you and your good wives will now become
members of the Thanatos Society.  You will enjoy the benefits and have the
protection of an organization whose existence has been a secret for hundreds of
years.  As a member, all we ask of you is discretion.  You are already aware
that indiscretion means a slow and painful death not only to you, but also to
your entire family.  Normally, members of the Society have to pay an annual fee
of half a million dollars to belong.  However, since you gentlemen and ladies
have given us your daughters, the annual fee has been reduced to only ten
thousand dollars.

"Now, as to what your children can expect as students.  First the boys.  All of
them are sons of members of the Society.  They are here to gain a fine education
in academics, athletics and domination.  For two hours each morning, the boys
must attend their academic classes.  Classes are small and the teachers are
excellent.  We have found that two hours a day is all that is needed to allow a
boy to graduate with honors in four years.  Many of our graduates go on to fine
universities.  The boys are highly motivated to succeed.  You see, if they keep
up their studies, they spend the rest of the school day participating in the
education of the school-cunts."

The parents have finished their tea.  James Quarry, young Jenny's father,
interrupts the Headmaster and asks if anyone objects to him smoking.  No one
does, and a few around the table bring out their own packets of cigarettes. 
Before anyone lights up, Headmaster Schilling stands and retrieves a wooden
cigar box from a side table.  Sitting down again, he asks if anyone wants a
cigar.  Two of the fathers and Ms Vortek choose cigars.  Schilling passes around
a box of large wooden "strike anywhere" matches.  The smokers each take a match. 
Before she lights her cigar, Ms Vortek moistens it by running its length along
the soft folds of the pussy of the girl supporting the right end of her bench
seat.  Following the Headmaster's example, each smoker strikes a match on the
forehead of one of the girls supporting his or her seat.

Looking around, one of the mothers says that she sees no ashtrays.

"Don't worry," replies Vortek through a haze of smoke.  "We have living
ashtrays."  She then tells the girl on her left to open wide and places the
still hot match on her tongue.  "Swallow," she orders, and the girl grimaces and
gulps down the dead match.  One of the mothers flicks her cigarette ash on the
tongue of her living "chair leg".

Mr Shilling continues to talk about the type of education the girls in the
Academy will get.  "The goal of the curriculum is to turn each little slut into
a perfect sex-slave.  Along with academic training, each young cunt receives
extensive lessons in sexual techniques.  A bitch who graduates from the Academy
will be an expert at satisfying the erotic desires of man, woman and beast.  But
the Academy's most important goal is to break the will and spirit of each female
student.  This is done with a carefully conceived program of pain and
humiliation.  It is through torture and degradation that these little cunts will
be made to realize that their sole value in the world is to satisfy the men and
women of the Thanatos Society."

"Now I don't want you mothers here today to think that the Society is a
misogynistic organization.  Indeed, it is not.  In fact, the Thanatos Society
has been graced by the presence of female members for over two hundred years,
which is more than I can say about the U.S. Congress."

Polite laughter fills the room, punctuated by the cry of one of the naked
students who has a cigarette butted out on her tongue.

"No, we do not abhor women in general and wish them no harm," Schilling
continues.  "What we get pleasure from is the destruction of that pure innocence
that exists most often in young teenaged girls.  The little cunts that come to
our school exude virtue and purity from every pore of their delightful little
bodies, otherwise, we aren't interested in them. You can almost say that we are
'spirit vampires'.  Instead of sucking the blood from our victims, we take their
innocence.   I'm sure you'll all agree that it's much more thrilling to defile a
blameless girl than to fuck the little teenaged sluts whose numbers seem to be
growing exponentially in western society.  In order to preserve this pool of
innocence, the Thanatos Society discreetly provides generous financial support
to those groups who advocate sexual abstinence among teenagers.  We've also
given money to those who wish to condemn such music video networks as MTV here
in the States and its counterparts around the world.  We strongly believe that
impressionable, young teenaged girls should not be exposed to harlots like
Brittany Spears and that Aguillera slut."

"As I mentioned during the induction ceremony, most of the girls who are sent
here do not survive the four-year training program.  Those who do not, usually
are given starring roles in many of the snuff films the Society produces.  We
show one these films at school assembly once a month.  It's not really
surprising to see how cooperative a student-cunt becomes after watching a film
of her former schoolmate being fucked to death in a Mexican whore house by a
donkey fitted with a spiked cock-ring."

Schillling takes in a lung full of cigar smoke and continues.  "Those girls who
make it to the 12th grade are auctioned off just before the Christmas break.  We
do it then so that each girl's new owner can order any physical modifications to
his or her new slut.  We have a fully-equipped surgical suite on the campus and
two plastic surgeons who are long-standing members of the Society.  They happily
provide their services. The most popular modification that owners want is to
have their slave's breasts enlarged, while a few want them reduced or removed
entirely.  The second most requested modification is removal of part of a
slave's vocal chords.  Of course, a tongue is rarely removed, as the slave will
need it if she is to give head effectively.  We leave just enough of the
voicebox to allow the sex-slave to scream her lungs out while under torture. 
Some of our members, particularly those from the Middle East, insist that their
slaves be given clitorectomies.   This is usually performed without anesthesia. 
Once the school term ends, each graduate is shipped to her new owner to begin a
life of total subservience. "

Looking around the table, he adds with a smile.  "In a few cases, fathers have
purchased their own daughters.  Those who do are entitled to a ten percent
discount."

The Headmaster ends the gathering by wishing the parents a safe trip home and
reminding them to pick up a specially modified DVD player before they leave. 
They can use this machine to watch the monthly video report of their child's
progress.  For obvious reasons, the specially designed discs can be played only
on those machines.  The image fades on the parents happily shaking the hands of
the Headmaster and his assistant.

................................................

The next image shows a sobbing Jenny Quarry, curled up in a fetal position.
While the Headmaster was entertaining their parents, young Jennifer and her four
fellow sufferers have been released from the torture frames and taken to their
"dormitory".  All the girls' cunts burn and itch as a result of the caustic
douche administered by their mother after each girl was brutally raped by her
dad.  The camera lingers over Jenny's left buttock, which aches horribly from
the red-hot branding iron that had been pushed into her tender flesh.  The foul
tastes of a young boy's semen, and her own urine, soil her mouth.  "What's
happening to me," she wonders to herself.  If this is a nightmare, it is the
worst one she's ever suffered.

Jenny is lying in a large cell in the basement of the Thanatos Academy.  She
shares this room with the four other new girls.   The walls, floor and ceiling
of the room are completely covered with shiny white ceramic tiles.  The floor is
slightly concave, and at the center is a covered drain.  Very bright lights are
fitted into the ceiling.  The room is so brightly lit that the glare hurts the
eyes of its prisoners.  Mounted in each corner of the room, near the ceiling,
are waterproof video cameras.  There is no furniture in the chamber.

The moans and sobs of Jenny and her companions echo around the room.  The image
fades to black.

The next image is of Jenny.  She has stopped crying and is sitting on the floor
with her back against the wall.  She is putting her weight on the buttock that
had not been branded.  The burning in her pussy has finally stopped although the
ache has not.  With a rattle and a clang, the door is unlocked and flung open.  
In walk two male students.  A muscular leather clad assistant -- the same one
that fastened young Jenny to the frame of pain -- accompanies them.  Both boys
are dressed in their school uniforms, while Jenny and her companions remain
embarrassingly naked.  The taller of the youths says that his name is Master
John and his friend is Master Tom.  They are here to "show the new girls the
ropes".  But first, they are to clean up and put on new uniforms.

One of the girls says in a shy, trembling voice that she has to go to the
bathroom.  Smiling, John points to the drain hole in the center of the room and
tells her to pee there.  Blushing furiously the girl, a red head whose left
breast has been branded, straddles the drain, squats over it, and tries to pee. 
Unfortunately she is too embarrassed and cannot.

John turns to Tom and say, "Tommy, perhaps we should show this little slut how
it's done."  With an evil smile Tom nods at the leather-clad giant, who
approaches the red head.  Before she can stand up straight, he grabs a handful
of her hair and forces her to her knees, straddling the drain hole.

"What's your name slut?" John demands.

"Colleen," the girl replies meekly.

"Well, you must be very stupid to have forgotten how to take a simple pee. So
we'll just have to show you."

Both boys are standing shoulder to shoulder in front of the kneeling
13-year-old.  Each unzips his fly and takes out his cock.  All the girls gasp in
unison when they realize what is about to happen.  Pointing their dicks at the
hapless teen, they simultaneously release hot streams of piss onto her barely
formed breasts.

She cries hysterically, as the acidic pee burns her newly-created brand.  But
struggle as she might, she cannot break free of the large assistant's grip.

Her entire front is bathed in urine.  "This is how it's done, dim-wit," says
Tom.  "Remember now?"  He then directs his piss onto Colleen's face.

When both boys are finished, the humiliated teen remains kneeling on the floor,
piss covers her from forehead to knees.

"O.K. now, your turn," says John.

Colleen sobs and strains, but cannot produce a single drop of her own urine. 

Growing impatient, Tom says, "Listen you red-headed slut, you're wasting
precious time.  If you don't pee right now, I'll take a dump right here on the
floor and make you eat it."

Scared out of her wits, the young girls finally produces a small stream of pee.

"There now," says Tom with mock sincerity.  "That wasn't so difficult, was it?"

The giant assistant, whose name is Thor, finally releases Colleen, who scampers
to rest against the wall.

Tom orders the girls to stand up with their backs to the wall facing the door. 
As they obey, John tells them that the first thing they should know as students
of the Thanatos Academy is how to "assume the position" when ordered to by a
male student of any member of the faculty.  "Stand up straight," he orders. 
"Legs at shoulder width, fingers interlaced behind your head."  The girls stand
as ordered.  "Now, elbows perpendicular to your ears and arch your backs.  I
want to see your tits."  Each girl remains in that position.  Their only
movement is the heaving of their chests and the trembling of their frightened
bodies.  The room is very warm and each girl is bathed in so much sweat that
they appear as wet as the piss-soaked Colleen.  Jenny is not the only girl to be
mortified  when she realizes that her father's sperm continues to leak out of
her pussy and down the inside of her leg.  With two of the girls, the pearly
cock-slime is tinged with the green color of the caustic douche, while the three
other girls are leaking sperm tinged pink with their virgin blood.

"God, these girls are too filthy to put on their uniforms," says Tom.

"Right," agrees John.  "Thor, you know what to do while we get their clothing."

Tom and his friend leave with Thor.  After a minute, the giant returns with the
end of a fire hose in his hand.  With the twist of a lever on the nozzle, he
releases a stunning blast of ice-cold water at the helpless girls.  The force of
the water slams them against the back wall of the cell.  Jenny and two other
girls slip and fall to the floor.  The giant directs the water between their
legs.  Jenny feels like she is being kicked in the crotch.   For several
minutes, the assistant batters the girls with the icy gusher.  The camera shows
them writhing on the tile floor, while the hose sprays every nook and cranny of
their bodies.    Thor shuts off the hose, just as the two boys return with the
girls' uniforms.

After ordering the five shivering teenagers to stand up and assume the position,
John and his friend inspect them as if they were a line of soldiers.

"That's better," John announces, and tells the girls to get dressed.  They are
given no towels so each one dons her uniform while she is still wet.

"There's no underwear." Says Jenny.

"New girls get no underwear for a month.  Now get dressed you slut," says Tom.

It doesn't take long for the girls to dress, as their outfit consists only of a
white fitted shirt, a short kilt, and knee socks with saddle shoes.  Their moist
flesh has soaked their shirts, making the garments translucent.  Their breasts
and nipples are as visible as if they wore no shirts at all.

"Come on now," orders John.  "We'll give you a quick tour before taking you to
join your classmates in the dining hall.

John and Tom lead the five new students out of the cell.  Thor brings up the
rear.  They ascend a staircase to the main floor of the school.  They leads them
to the foyer, and orders them to stop.  Tom explains that the boys' classrooms
are down a corridor to the left of the foyer while the girls' classrooms are
down the right corridor.  Upstairs are the sleeping quarters.  In the basement
are the cells for the new girls and some of the "special activity" centers.  He
remarks, wryly that they are already acquainted with the assembly hall.  The
Dining Hall is in a separate building behind the main one.  It can be accessed
by a tunnel during foul weather.

He leads them down the girls' corridor.  They stop at the first door on the
left.  Tom knocks gently and opens it.  He leads Jenny and her fellow students
into the classroom.  Jenny's eyes widen at the sight before her.  The class
consists of twelve girls.  They are kneeling in a circle facing inwards.  Each
girl is on her knees in front of a male mannequin.  However, these mannequins
are unlike any Jenny has ever seen at the mall.  They are naked.  Sprouting from
their plastic groins are huge life-like cocks.  The dummies' crotches and their
balls are covered in realistic pubic hair.  Each girl has her mouth wrapped
around the end of a cock.  Their teacher, a severe looking woman of middle age,
is watching them closely.

"All right, sluts," she says.  "In!"

Each girl quickly sucks the entire twelve-inch cock inter her mouth.  The camera
comes in on a close-up of the rubber cock disappearing into the mouth of a tiny,
East Indian student.  It shows the girl's throat expanding as the hard shaft
travels down her gullet.  The image of the dark beauty fades and is replaces
with a shot of all twelve girls.  They have deep-throated their dildoes and
kneel with their noses in the artificial pubic hair of their plastic companions.

After what seems like a full minute, the teacher says, "Out!"  Each student
pulls her head back until only the bulbous tip of the cock rests on her tongue.

Jenny and her fellow "newbies" watch in horrified fascination, as the students
repeat this cock-sucking drill for five minutes.  She notices that a few of the
kneeling girls have started drooling, but none of them remove the cock from
their mouths. 

As the lesson continues, the camera pans up from the center of the circle formed
by the mannequins and the girls.  A flexible clear plastic tube is fastened to a
small nozzle in the back of each dummy's head.  The other end of the tubing
extends upwards and is fastened to a large glass container that hangs from a
hook in the ceiling.  Inside the container are two gallons of a thick,
opalescent liquid.  Fitted to the inside top of the large jar is a motorized
paddle, which constantly stirs the slimy gel.

Tom notices Jenny looking at the container.  He explains that it is filled with
horse semen.  The equine cock-slime is kept at 98.6 degrees and is being
constantly stirred.

As each kneeling girl rests with her lips wrapped around just the end of the a
plastic cock, the teacher smiles at the boys and presses a button on her desk. 
This button activates a powerful pump located in the torso of each mannequin.  A
huge gusher of horse sperm shoots out of the end of the plastic pricks to flood
the mouths of the students.  Taken by surprise, the girls struggle to swallow
the loathsome liquid.  The camera captures close-ups of the individual students. 
The East Indian girl, who had no trouble deep-throating the dildo, was less
successful in taking the semen in.  Her cheeks bulge as do her eyes, but she
cannot swallow fast enough and ribbons of cum spill out the corners of her mouth
and onto her shirt.  A second girl, a slender blonde, is having difficulty too. 
As she sucks on the plastic cock pearly slime oozes out of both of her nostrils. 
Several other girls are having trouble, and soon, the fronts of their blouses
and kilts are soaked with sperm.  The air in the room is becoming redolent with
the pungent odor of horse semen.

Even an inexperienced girl like Jenny realizes that the amount of sperm these
girls are forced to swallow is much larger than normal.  With a shudder, she
remembers her own father shooting his load into her cunt while that
twelve-year-old student came in her mouth.  The amount pumped into her could be
measured in teaspoons.  But these poor girls are being inundated with two
gallons of sperm.  She looks up at the container hanging from the ceiling and
notice that it is half empty.  Despite this fact, the artificial cocks continue
to splash cum into the teenagers' mouths.  By now, 10 of the 12 girls are
leaking sperm. One girl, an Afro-American beauty, gags and pulls her mouth from
her mannequin's cock.  As she does, a huge wad of sperm coats her face.  Her
dark complexion is transformed, momentarily, to a pearly white by the horse-goo. 
She ducks before another blast can hit her.  Instead, it splashes onto the floor
several feet from the mannequin.

The teacher doesn't shut off the pumps until the large container is empty.  The
11 other girls finally remove the cocks from their mouths and rest back on their
haunches.  Only one girl has managed to swallow every drop of horse semen. 
Jenny is surprised to see that it is Slut-Nancy, the tiny oriental girl who had
been humiliated during the bus trip to the Academy.

Doing a quick calculation in her head, Jenny realizes that each student has been
forced to swallow more than one cup and a third of hot horse semen.  No wonder
the girls look ill.  In fact, a couple are struggling not to throw up as the
cock-slime gurgles and boils in their stomachs.  A tiny brunette, who looks to
be about twelve years of age, belches.  As she opens her mouth a large bubble of
sperm forms on her open lips and bursts with a slight but audible pop.

The teacher orders the 12 girls back to their seats.  Obediently, they return to
their desks, aligned in four rows.

The teacher doesn't look pleased.  "Girls," she says gravely.  "I'm very
disappointed by your performances. While you could all deep-throat reasonably
well, only Slut-Nancy managed to swallow her allotment of sperm.  You should be
ashamed of yourselves.  What kind of example of cock-sucking does that set for
the new girls?  I'm afraid that all of you, except Slut-Nancy, must be
punished."

She glares at the black girl who had let the cock slip from her mouth before
ejaculation ended.  Her face still glistens with semen.  "And as for you,
Slut-Sheema, look at the mess you left on the floor."

The beautiful black teenager turns to see a large puddle of horse sperm on the
floor in front of the mannequin she had been blowing.

"Go clean it up," orders the teacher, "and don't use your hands."

Dejectedly, Slut-Sheema gets up from her desk and goes to the mess on the floor. 
She drops to her knees and bends forward until her face is inches from the large
puddle of semen.  A drop of sperm falls from the tip of her nose into the
puddle.  The camera reveals that the girl is wearing no panties.  Bending
forward a bit more, she opens her mouth and dips her tongue into the puddle. 
She begins to lap up the goo like a kitten with a bowl of cream.

The teacher continues,  "While Slut-Sheema is cleaning up her mess, I want each
of you, except Slut-Nancy, to insert Punishment Butt Plug Number Three up your
ass.  You are to keep it there until suppertime, unless ordered to remove it by
one of the boys or another teacher.  With resigned sighs, each girl lifts the
lid of her school desk and removes a bright red plastic device.    The camera
focuses on the slender blonde student who holds the plug in her right hand.  It
is cone-shaped with sharp ridges encircling it from base to tip.  It is three
inches in length and widens to a diameter of one inch at its base.  But that
isn't all.  The cone is hollow and filled with a soft plastic bladder. This bag
contains a liquid that causes very painful abdominal cramps when sprayed into a
girl's colon.  This concoction is mixed with Habanero pepper oil that will burn
the sensitive flesh of each girl's bum. A spring-loaded cap screws into the base
of the cone.  The butt plug has a hole in its tip to accommodate such an
application.  Every time a girl sits down her weight will press against the
bottom of the butt plug, causing the spring to snap and force some of the
horrible liquid into her ass.

The blonde and nine of her fellow students stand and lean over their desks. 
After flipping up the back of her short kilt, each girl spreads her ass cheeks
with one hand and inserts the butt plug into her asshole with the other.  When
she is done, every girl stands by her desk....  Nobody wants to sit down.

"Master John," says the teacher to Jennifer's tour guide.  "Be a dear and shove
a butt plug up Slut-Sheema's ass.

"Delighted to," says the Master John who quickly goes to the black girl's desk
and retrieves a punishment butt plug.  He walks over to her as she continues to
suck up the horse semen from the floor.  He orders her to spread her legs as he
flips her kilt up.  Holding the butt plug in his right hand, he places his left
between her legs.  She goes on lapping up sperm as Master John shoves his middle
finger into her cunt.  Using his thumb, he pulls downward on the lower edge of
her anus and inserts the tip of the butt plug into her bum with his other hand.   
He pushes the plug until a half an inch is buried in her backside.  He removes
his finger from her pussy and stands up.  The dusky beauty continues to lick the
floor.  Leaning over, MasterJohn whacks the base of the plug with the flat of
his right hand, forcing two and a half inches of ridged plastic into the girl's
ass.  The strength of the blow squirts half the contents of the bladder into her
colon.  Slut-Sheema stops licking up the sperm and squeals with pain as the
fiery liquid burns her inner flesh.  Almost immediately, she suffers a series of
painful cramps.  She falls onto her side, her face resting in the remaining
puddle of horse cum, and wails in pain.

The teacher has no mercy.  "That'll teach you to stop sucking cock without
permission.  Imagine if you had done that to a Master.  Perhaps now you'll be
more obedient."

Turning to the other girls who remain standing by their desks, the teacher says,
"There are still five minutes left in my class....  Sit down!"  With great
reluctance, each girls sits on the hard plastic seat of their desk.  The camera
shows painful expressions on each beautiful face as the caustic liquid squirts
into their asses.

Master John turns to the girls in his charge and says, "It's time to continue
their tour.  Don't worry girls, you'll soon be back in this classroom mastering
the art of sucking dick and eating splooge."

---------------------------------------------------------- End of Part Three




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Cerberus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





