BDSM Library - Friends With Benefits




Friends With Benefits
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I met him and wanted him immediately.  But, I never imagined that I would reveal to him my submissive nature.  This chapter is only the beginning of a very long twisted adventure.
Friends, With Benefits

Chapter 1

	I met Pat about a year ago.  I had been working there for almost two
years when he started.  My fixation on him all started the day I walked into the
training room to talk to the orientation group's trainer.  They happened to be
on a break and there he was talking to a group of people.  Instantly my eyes
went to him.  I still can't figure out exactly why, but it doesn't really
matter.   Fortunately, he didn't notice me for quite awhile after that.  Due to
my position, I'm not allowed to have a "relationship" with anyone in his
position.  I was not interested in a "relationship", just raw, dirty fucking.  I
told a few close friends about my obsession and the general consensus was that I
was crazy because he was seen as being a little unstable.  That is exactly what
I wanted and fed into my fantasies perfectly. 

	Briefly, here's a little bit about me.  I have been with my husband,
faithfully, for 14 years.  Our sex life is great and I have never considered
cheating on him.  But, there has always been something missing.  I'm totally and
completely submissive, but have never been able to tell anyone.  I crave someone
who will make me do exactly what they want, hurting me only if I resist.  My
husband is rough with me, but has never approached what I crave.  Pat seemed to
have an edge to him that excited me beyond anything I had ever felt.

	One night, just recently, several co-workers and I went out after work. 
I got way too drunk to drive and he offered to drive me to a friend's house
where I was staying the night.   My head was spinning with my twisted fantasies
as he drove.  He came upstairs to have a few more beers.  Working in the
profession we're in can be stressful and makes us tense.  He rubbed my shoulders
and I lost all control.  My fourteen years of being faithful to my husband were
over.   The sex that night was standard, but great.  I still could not get
myself to reveal that side of me.  The next day, I asked if he regretted it and
he said that no, there was nothing wrong with friends with benefits.

	The next time I was able to be around him, we were at a co-workers house
around a fire.  I had been getting hotter and wetter the longer I was around
him.  The other two people disappeared for awhile.  He touched me and I again
couldn't seem to stop myself.  I don't know if he somehow sensed that I would be
submissive to him or if he was naturally dominant.  But, either way, he did
exactly what I needed him to.  He grabbed my hair in both hands, which is a huge
turn-on for me.  As he kissed me hard, I lost my breath.  Even with the cold
air, my pussy was on fire.  Suddenly, he pinned me on my back on the picnic
table next to the fire.  Because it had taken me by surprise, I fought to get
up.  To my absolute elation, he didn't let me.  I heard him quietly laugh at my
efforts.   There was no way I was going anywhere if he didn't want me to.  He
continued to kiss me hard, not letting me move my head.  I moaned and, I'm sure,
gave away my secret all at once.  Somewhere in my head, I remembered that I was
risking my job and my marriage if I was caught with him.  But, I really wasn't
thinking with my head at that point.  My pussy was wetter than it had ever been. 

	Everything seemed to be happening in a dream.  I felt him drag me by the
hair off the table and shove me to my knees.  It hurt, but I loved every second
of it.  I ripped at his zipper and got his cock out of his pants.  He pulled my
head forward and I swallowed as much of it as I could.  He wanted more and
pushed his cock down my throat.  Tears formed in my eyes, but I was lost in the
dream.  I heard him telling me what he wanted.  I love to suck cock and, when I
tasted his pre-cum I wanted more and started sucking harder as he fucked my
face.  After a few minutes, he heard him say that I could swallow this load of
cum, but that I would wear his next load.  I felt his cock surge and his cum
hitting the back of my throat.  I swallowed eagerly and started thinking ahead
to being able to wear the next load.

	I got to my feet and he told me to get in the car, we were going to his
house.  I started to say something about having to go home, but he grabbed my
arm, his fingers digging into my arm.  He steered me toward his car.  I couldn't
help but go with him.

	As we drove to his house, he told me what he expected of me, to do as I
was told.  All I could do was listen.  He seemed to take that as consent, which
it was.  When we got to his house, he told me to sit down and wait for him.  I
just looked at him.  He walked up to me and sat me down.  He moved around the
room lighting candles.  He disappeared into the back of the house for several
minutes.  I sat and waited with a million different thought running through my
head, not the least of which was to leave while I still could.  Before I could
act on that, he returned.  He walked up to me and pulled me to my feet.  I
started to say his name, but he silenced me.  He told me to take off my clothes
and wait.  Again he left the room.  I thought for a second and decided that I
must not have left earlier for a reason and started to take off my clothes.  He
returned and approached me as I was still taking off my shirt.   He grabbed my
hands and told me that when he told me to do something, I had better do it much
more quickly.  I tried to pull my hands away, but couldn't.  He squeezed my
wrists and I stopped. 

	When he let go, I much more quickly removed the rest of my clothes.  I
felt really vulnerable as we stood there in the semi-dark room, but my pussy
ached to be touched.  He told me to turn around.  I turned around slowly.  He
pulled my hands behind my back and then I heard metal clinking.  My mind
suddenly came out of it's fog and I managed to pull my hands away and half turn. 
It must have been what he expected because I landed hard on the floor before I
knew what was going on. I felt him pull my hands together and put the handcuffs
around my wrists.  For the first time, I felt fear.   I felt my pussy juice
making my upper thighs wet.  Finally, I was getting what I had wanted for so
long.  I now knew that I would have to do what he wanted.

	I made a small sound and he told me to be silent.  He pulled me roughly
to my knees and again shoved him cock in my mouth.  I took him as I had before,
as far down my throat as I could.  He moaned and began to fuck my face.  This
time, he was much rougher and wrapped my hair around his hands and kept my face
close.  I had a hard time breathing, but soon figured out his rhythm and could
catch my breath between thrusts.  Much too soon, he pulled my head away from his
cock.  I tried to keep it in my mouth, but to no avail.  He put his cock in his
hand and started cumming.  I closed my eyes as his cum hit my cheeks, eyelids
and lips.  I could feel it running off my chin and down my neck.  I almost came
without even being touched.

	He let go of me and I heard him move away.  I stayed on my knees and
waited for him to return.  I finally caught my breath as he returned.  He moved
behind me and placed a blindfold over my eyes and unlocked the handcuff on my
left wrist.  I started to pull my hands together in front of me, but a sound
from him stopped me.   He tried to push me onto my back and I attempted to stay
upright.  Without sight, I felt more vulnerable than ever.  I felt myself
flipped onto my back which made me fight even more.  He jumped on me and grabbed
my hands and pulled them up and soon had them cuffed around something solid.  I
felt fear/excitement that was indescribable.  I had been kicking my legs, but he
soon sat on them and I was immobilized.  He told me to stop moving or I would
wish that I had.  That was enough for me and I stopped moving.  He got off my
legs and told me to spread them.  I didn't move.  He grabbed my big toe and
twisted it.  I whimpered and opened my legs.  When he told me wider, I didn't
hesitate this time and spread them as far as they would go.  I felt him move
between my legs and put his mouth on my pussy.  I was so hot, I knew it wouldn't
be long before I came.  My legs were shaking as he nibbled on my clit.  I
started to involuntarily move my legs together and he stopped and bit the inside
of my thigh.  I again spread my legs.  He returned to my clit, but this time,
sucked it.  It hurt slightly, but soon I got used to it.  Every time I felt as
if I was about to cum, he would stop and let me come back down.  Finally, I felt
my stomach shake and my orgasm moved through me.  I'm almost positive I nearly
screamed.   My eyes were so tightly shut, I saw stars.

	I don't know how long I laid there.  I felt him unlock the handcuffs and
the blood returning to my hands.  I hadn't realized how tight they had been.  I
rolled to my side and slowly sat up.  He pulled the blindfold off and told me to
get upstairs to bed and go to sleep.  When I got to the bedroom, I realized that
it had been three hours since we had gotten to his house.  I was exhausted and
laid down on the bed.  He came to the bedroom and laid down next to me and
pulled a blanket over both of us.  The next morning, I realized that my whole
life had changed and that the adventure had only just begun.......




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  subkitty


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





