BDSM Library - After the Mall




After the Mall
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It's been a long date with Rose and her friends ant the mall.  But now it's time for something completely different.  Did he dare?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chapter I

I noticed the time on the hall clock across from me.  Sure enough it was just
after 10:00 and I knew the driver was due soon to pick me up.  I had doubted him
earlier when he said he'd be picking me up at this time.  Well, he was right and
now I was waiting nervously for whatever lay ahead.

I was pleasantly surprised when my host showed up with a short cape that she
offered to loan me.  "A little something to help you appear somewhat presentable
in public." She said.  A little turned out to be an understatement.  I put it on
and looking at the mirror to see heavily made up male, wearing phallic chrome
heels, legs encased in more than a little tight leather bondage, in a very short
cape.  The cape was so short it was obvious that I was either nude or nearly
nude under neath.  When I twirled the cope opened and showed a glimpse of the
slut maid costume I was strapped into.

"Oh, thanks a lot, that really helps." I said very sarcastically to the
snickering backside of the woman that was responsible for my predicament.  It
had been a long day already and I couldn't believe what I had endured (and
frankly enjoyed ) up to now.  And now I waited for the limo driver to pick me up
for .....  Well, I wasn't sure but I knew enough to be nervous.  Damn him, he
dared me, and with that word my fate was sealed.

I heard the limo pull up and called back that I was leaving.  That got me a
chorus of "Bye, bye sweetheart, be good, have fun.  See you in the morning." 
The snickering that accompanied the replies told me the girls were really
enjoying my predicament.  A load swat told me that they were beginning to enjoy
themselves in other ways too.  I was pretty sure I would be better off staying
and playing with them, but that was not the plan.

I stepped out and walked carefully to the limo in my high heels.  "Watch your
step, one small slip could really hurt the way you are all laced up."  I gave
him my best pout after that comment.  "I wouldn't give me that look again unless
you want me fucking your face before we pick up your date," was his quick reply
to my pout.  "I may be strait, but in that getup you could get me interested
pretty quick.  You are one hot cock teasing slut.  Now sit in the front seat so
we can talk."

I was a bit confused as he was holding the back door of the limo for me.  I then
realized the meant the back facing seat at the front of the passenger cabin
which would mean our heads would be very close as he took up position to drive. 
I sat in the middle of the seat and spread my legs to be strapped in as was
customary with this guy.  He smiled at my automatic position and said "Not yet,
try to be comfortable while we get there, maybe later ."

He went around to his side of the vehicle and a minute later we were on the
road.

"I spoke to that client I told you about earlier.  I told him about your special
.... well you know.  I didn't give him any details, but lets just say he knows
what kind of a girl, or guy, or whatever you are.  He sounded VERY interested. 
Said it was too good to be true.  He really wants to party. Said he may even
have some fun with some friend of his."  He's offering a lot of cash if I can
get you to agree."  The driver left it hanging there.  Now it was up to me
whether I hung myself.

"I don't know.  I was nervous about just one, now it's turning out to be a gang
bang.  I don't think I can let myself get into that kind of a situation."  I
paused, seriously considering calling the whole thing off.

"Oh, I don't think it's anything like that.  He's hinted he may want to take his
friend for a little drive and then its just the two of you for a little fun, as
he put it, later.  Besides, I'll be here to make sure it doesn't get out of
hand." He offered.

"Well, okay, but if I call RED its all over.  I want out and I'm trusting you to
take care of them."  I said with more bravado than I really had.

"Done." he replied.  "That's our code.  You call red at anytime and I'll have
you sitting back there alone so fast you'll wonder where they went.  I've
already told this guy I'd be looking out for you and he said he could understand
that and wanted to have a chat with you first to discuss limits and such.  Seems
all a little crazy but sane.  Heh, what ever works for you guys and I get a
couple hundred extra pocket change."  Then he added "So, you have something for
me?"

"I'm supposed to give you my room key, but I left it at the front desk when I
went out earlier.  I wasn't planning on any of this, and now .....  Well, its
not like I can go up and get it myself."  I let it come out as a plea.  I was
hoping for some help.  I should have guessed.

"Why not, they'll probably recognize you, then again maybe not." He snickered.

"I'll have to give them my name, my real name, dressed like this...  Please
help, they'd give it to you, you're my driver.  Please" I was begging.

"And deprive you of the thrill.  Come on girl we're here and we don't have much
time.  Careful in there, those marble floors are slippery."  He just looked back
over his shoulder at me with his teeth bared in a grin.  I decided I didn't like
him that much after all.

Damn, I was learning to hate marble floors.  My chrome cock-headed heels clicked
loudly drawing every eye to the peace of trash that just walked into the lobby. 
It was plainly obvious that some guy up in a room somewhere was expecting a
visit from a girl that was going to provide some real pleasure for an hour or
two.  I kept my head down to avoid disclosing my real sex to the ten or so pairs
of eyes that were riveted to me in my walk of shame.  That all changed when I
got to the front desk.

I had no choice but to look up at the young lady behind the desk and as quietly
as possible said, "Key to room 411 please."

"Jesus H ..... my god.  You look!"  I seemed to be having that effect on a lot
of people.  She punched something into the keyboard and looked at her screen. 
"Ah yes, Mr.  Or should I say Miss, or Ms.  Just what is it this evening?"  She
reached into a drawer and held the magnetic key card to my room just out of
reach.  "Well, I'm waiting?"

I couldn't believe it, she expected an answer.  I tried to reach for the key
with a smile, but she pulled back and made it clear I needed to further
humiliate myself before I gained possession.  "Tonight I'm little Miss Sex Slave
Maid." I answered hoping that would suffice.

"Oh this I got to see.  Take off the cape.  Little Miss."  She waited, I
hesitated, she added.  "Now, before I call the front desk manager and a whole
lot of unwanted attention to you!"

I took off the cape.  She managed one of the better wolf whistles I'd heard from
a girl.  Thankfully, it was rather quiet and meant only for my ears.  "I've got
to give you credit, you've got balls.  They don't look very comfortable right
now, but you got balls.  That is one hell of a get up.  Who's the luck man? I
dare you to walk out of here carrying the cape, and here's your key."

I was really beginning to hate that word.  I reached for the key.  "Men is more
like it." I said and looking down at my very exaggerated chest added "There's
too much here for just one guy to handle."  With that I turned, and folding the
cape over my arm I walked strait out of the hotel my the main lobby doors.  My
eyes remained glued to the door handle the whole way out.  If I had let my eyes
wander around the room at all I would have melted in a puddle of shame.

The driver was holding the door for me when I came out.  I handed the key to him
as I got in.  He thanked me snidely and continued "I figured you wouldn't get
out there unscathed.  Anyone you know in the lobby?"

It wasn't until then that I realized what I had just done.  The hotel was full
of guests that had been attending the same conference that I was.  There were a
lot of people in there that knew me.  There were some that would even recognize
me in a getup like this.  "Oh shit, oh shit" I thought.  My face must have shown
my thoughts.

"Don't worry about it." The driver said.  " I was watching the whole thing. 
Except for the girl at the counter, noone got a good look at your face.  Now
your, shoes, ass, cock and balls, well everyone saw those.  But your face, well
modesty is the best policy I always say."  He laughed at his own humor.  I
didn't think it was that funny.  "Now, front seat, assume the position, it's not
far to the other hotel."

I did as told and for the first time after I was all strapped in and spread out
exposing myself he did not open the windows.  We went back to the big resort
hotel where I had been earlier in the day.  The driver pulled up to limo
parking, told me to stay put and went inside.  A minute later he was back.

"Your .... date will be right down.  Like I said before he want to talk before
we go for a little drive.  I'll close the privacy window but I'll leave the
microphone on.  He won't know it, but I'll hear every word.  You say red and
he's outta here.  Whatever else is up to you.  All I want is a bit for my
trouble.  He's already said $500.  The first $200 is mine, anything after that
is yours.  Fair?"

"God, I'm scared shitless!" was my honest reply.

Through the darkened window I saw the shape of someone walking toward the
vehicle.  It was obvious we saw dressed for the office in a shirt and tie.  The
driver had gotten out and held the door for him.  He climbed in and sat in the
seat opposite facing me.  I almost threw up.  My heart went strait to my throat,
my balls were pushing it aside trying to climb out too.  I was about to faint.

I knew him.  Knew him, hell we both have been attending this same conference for
years.  He had presented papers, I had, we'd had lunches together over the
years.  We were not close friends buy any means, but we were more than
strangers.  I was going to die.  My heart was beating so hard I barely heard him
speak.  "Wow, I thought I knew what to expect, but you are something very ..... 
I normally like to be the one tying the knots, but in this case," he looked
directly at my bound cock and balls, "I like the presentation."

My head was screaming 'Red, Red, red, you dumb fuck call red!'  I just sat there
speechless as he continued "So my man there tells me you may convinced to play. 
I'd like to rearrange some of that and add a bit more if you agree.  Nothing too
serious and no pain.  I believe in safe words and limits.  I just want a little
big city fun before I go back to the bohunk place where I live.  Just in town
for a convention and tomorrow I go home.   One night, I'll make sure you get
something out of it too.  And I'll add $500 bucks for the pleasure.  What do you
say?"

Nothing hinted he recognized me.  I remembered him always being a nice enough
guy.  'Don't be stupid!' my head said, 'call red' It was actually a little safer
this way.  I knew him, we wasn't too weird, maybe.  And then the other head
started thinking.  'Add more to it' he had said.  More bondage, more than this. 
His talk of safe words and limits meant he was a player.  I bet he has some
gear.  Wonder what it's like?  The other head liked those thoughts.

"I take that as a yes." my date said looking at my now throbbing cock.  It was
starting to fight its leather cage.  Betrayed again!  "Now there is one little
extra thing I'd like to do on the side.  There's this guy and well, for personal
reasons I've got to get something on him.  He's on his way to the airport.  I
was going to offer him a ride.  On the way you could .....  Well, is another
$100 enough to get him a blow job?  But here's the deal.  I don't want him to
see that" he indicated my still throbbing dick.  "until after he .... and I want
to get a picture of you with a mouth full of him when he sees your ....  That
will ensure his silence on something that happened the other night.  Are you
game?  Oh I should add.  He's had a few drinks, so he won't be too hard to fool,
if you know what I mean."

The $100 bucks didn't really matter.  Well, not in the usual way.  Actually
taking money for sex.  Sex, that to be honest I would have considered otherwise,
especially if he had "made me" do it.  I couldn't believe myself.  I was
actually considering trying to go through with this.  The other head may be a
lot smaller, but he can be very persuasive.  I spoke in a low whispering tone to
disguise my voice.  "Make it $250 and I'll be pushing his cum back into his own
mouth with my tongue and I'll have my cock in his hands when you take the
picture."  If I was going to pull this off, I had to make him think I was a
local pro and this was all for money.

"Oh, I like your style.  But how are you going to pull it off?  It's not like
that outfits hides anything." He asked.

Wordlessly, I slipped out of the seat belts and noted his raised eyebrows.  He
liked my simple act of self bondage.  Keeping from looking at him directly in an
effort to avoid detection I knelt between is knees and made myself somewhat
comfortable with my ass on my heels.  The skirt of the maid outfit actually
covered as long a I leaned forward.  I pulled my shoulders back to accentuate my
already ridiculously large tits in their tight leather lace bondage.   Again in
a whisper I explained "His eyes will never get past these."

"You are good, I'm going to have to take good care of you."  He exclaimed as he
reached for the door.

"Not too good I hope." I replied with a wink as he got out of the door.

I lowered my head and waited for the inevitable.  The privacy door opened and
the driver called back.  "Did I mention he was at the same conference as you
were.  I may have forgot that.  Sorry."

"You bastard, that was a setup.  I hope you are proud of yourself!"  I actually
was a bit angry.

"I can't believe that you're going through with it.  You are gutsy. $550 hundred
for you, $200 for me and I know for you its not for the money.  I'll keep
listening just incase things go wrong.  But you're on your own.  Oh, and don't
drip any on the carpet back there.  I'll rape you ass for every drop I find! And
it won't be gentle, understand!"  He was serious, that was very clear.

"Yes sir." I answered realizing I was going to get my second taste of cum in
this one day.  The privacy window closed again leaving me to reap the seed I had
sown, literally.

I felt the driver get out and then the car shift as bags were put in the trunk. 
The door opened and I heard a gasp.  "Oh yeah, John, I forgot to mention. I've
arranged a little entertainment for the drive to the airport.  Just a little
something to cement our friendship, if you know what I mean."  My date's tone
made it clear I was a bribe and we waited to see if it was accepted.

The voice was slightly slurred.  John had been drinking, but he wasn't blind
drunk.  "Jeez, look at the size of those tits.  They can't be real, but who
cares.  And what an ass.  What the hell kind of hose is she wearing.  Now I know
you are really into this bondage thing.  So you got a little love slave in every
town eh.  What the hell, I can't go home without at least a little something."

They climbed in and John sat directly in front of me.  Perfect name I thought. 
My first professional blow job and I get a John.  Life can be funny sometimes. 
My date made himself comfortable on the seat behind me.  The car started up and
I felt the bump as we left the hotel and we pulled into the street.  I didn't
need to be told, we all knew why I was there.

I kept my head down only letting him see my eyes with their heavy mascara lashes
and extreme makeup. I batted them continuously in school girl fashion.  I
reached up with the very long nails and made a real show of undoing his belt and
pulling down the zipper.  I motioned him to raise his butt and ran my nails up
his butt cheeks and back down to pull his pants and shorts down around his
ankles.  He liked that and I got an appreciative sign as I looked at a totally
exposed and only slightly firm cock.  I was going to have to fight the drink
with this one.

I pushed my tits forward and my mouth followed until my lips were around the
head of his cock.  After that it didn't matter.  I started flicking my tongue
and he was lost.  I could have been his brother and it wouldn't of mattered.  He
could see my whole face now.  I made sure of it by looking up so he could get
the turn on of a painted slut with her bright red lips wrapped around his
quickly stiffening cock.  I started playing with his balls.  Those long nails
started to pay off.  I let them slip down a lightly stroke around his puckered
ass hole.  I sucked, and licked.  I kept my tongue moving.  I made sure he could
see it all. Lots of bright red lips, batting eyelashes, the whole painted slut
cock sucker routine.   It didn't take long.  Poor guy obviously didn't get it
much.  I bet his wife never gave it to him like this.  I felt it coming and with
a hand behind my back signaled that time was near.  It all came together
perfectly.  Pun intended.

It had obviously been a long time.  When he started coming it came by the quart. 
The first two squirts filled my mouth.  I grabbed his still pumping dick and
held it in my open hand with nails fully extended I sat up swung around and sat
on the seat beside John.  With my free hand I grabbed his forearm and brought
his hand to my leather bound and very hard cock.  I was so quick he was still
pumping cum into my hand when I kissed him and let a gob of cum swap places from
my mouth to his.  He was so into his own orgasm he didn't see the first flash. 
The second flash got his attention and he began to realize what was in his mouth
and what he was holding.  That got a great look of shock which I'm sure in the
picture could be mistaken for orgasmic rapture.

It was time to get while the getting was good.  I took my cum covered hand and
wiped it all over John's face as he started a verbal train of obscenities.  That
got recorded with another flash.  Before he could react I jumped across the cab
and sat beside the man I only knew as my date.  John tried to lunge after me but
got tangled up in his shorts and pants around his ankles.  He started to get
control, but the drink wasn't helping there either.  "What the hell you trying
to pull, you little queer, faggot piece of shit!"  He screamed.

"Now, now John.  You just settle down and listen.  You just pull you pants back
up and give it some thought.  Unless you want your boss, wife, and local gay
magazine to get copies of these pictures, you had better behave.  Oh, and you
may want to reconsider telling my family about you little discovery in my room
last night.  I was alone.  I was doing my own thing and who cares if I indulge
in a little self bondage.  You on the other hand, seem to enjoy you bondage sex
games with others!  Boys, by the look of these pictures.  Do you think your wife
will be as understanding as I can be?"

John didn't say another word all the way to the airport.  He just sat there and
glared at me.  I got a little joy out of batting my eyes at him a bit and I made
sure to sit so he could see what had been in his hand for quite a while.  When
we got to the airport the driver helped him with his bags, the sky cap took over
and we pulled away for the drive back into the city. 

My date spoke for the first time in 20 minutes.  His tone was very warm and
friendly.  "Want to bet he doesn't sign up for next year's conference?  You were
very good.  I'm glad I had a pro.  Not the first time you've done something like
that I can tell.  Is it going to cost me extra to keep you quiet?"

I couldn't believe my ears.  I fooled him.  He fell for it.  He thought I was a
pro.  I started to relax as I finally realized I could really enjoy this evening
if I was just careful.  I used my feminized whisper to reply.  "Oh that won't
cost you any extra, just as long as you promise not to be so nice to me for the
rest of our date."  Our driver gave himself away as he laughed aloud making it
clear he had been listening in.

My date looked over his shoulder at the driver through the privacy glass and
then back at me.  "That's smart I guess, don't blame you two.  Can't be too
careful these days I realize.  And as for you, I assure you, I can be a real
bastard.  I'm hard on myself when I play.  If you want the same treatment ....."

I turned and knelt on the floor between his knees.  I put my hands behind my
back, thrust my chest out and spread my legs to expose my rehardening cock. 
"Please,"

He looked me in the eye, covered his crotch with his hands and replied.  "Oh you
are not getting off that easy"




Chapter II

It was only a moment before he spoke again.  "I like the position, but it will
have to wait.  I'd rather talk a bit first.  Please sit back there, like you
were before.  I liked that."

I knew what he meant and rose to 'assume the position' as the driver had said
earlier.  I made a show of looping my heels through the seat belts and then
pulling my arms back and out which in turn pulled my legs apart.. I reached a
little rather back putting my body into just a bit more strain than it had been. 
This shoved my chest out just a little bit more.  Well, he was paying after all. 
The car started to slow for an intersection.  The driver lowered the two back
windows.  We came to stop at a busy intersection.

The jeers and cat calls were immediate.  None of the comments were very nice. 
All were very sexual and many involved a offer for my services.  I was in full
blush when the light turned green and we finally pulled away.  He spoke again. 
"Well, someone seems to enjoy the exposure."  I didn't need to look.  I could
feel the throbbing.  "So, you get off on the humiliation thing.  Fair enough, I
can use that.  Tell me more, where did you learn to do that with the laces?"

"I didn't do it, it was done to ... I mean for me."  I was finding it easier to
speak to him now.

"Looks a little tight, do you like it like that?" His interest seemed to be
genuine.

"I didn't have a lot of choice." I replied and then to beat the next question.
"It was all a sort of dare thing, very complicated.  I'd rather not get into it
right now please.... sir"

His smile indicated he liked the sir.  "Fair enough, same story for the rest of
the outfit?"

"Yes sir, sort of like that.  It's been a busy afternoon, but I got bills to pay
so ..."  I had to keep up the ruse of being a pro.  It had worked so far and if
I was careful....

He sat back n thought for a minute and then commented "Too bad the panties are
so sheer.  I have a nasty idea, but like that,  I, we couldn't get away with
it."

Just then the privacy window opened and the driver spoke.  "Maybe I can be of
assistance.  I have a bag here of the clothes she, or he was wearing before he,
or she , whatever, was prepared for tonight."  With that he passed back a large
plastic bag with the markings from the hotel salon I had been at earlier in the
day.

"Oh, thanks a lot!" I sneered through the closing window. "Like he needs help. 
This is going to be bad enough already."  We both heard the chuckling from up
front and then an audible click telling us the monitoring microphone had been
turned off.

"Looks like he's decided you are on your own now.  Don't worry, I'm just as
advertized.  Business first.  Any favorite safe words?"  Again his tone put me
at rest.  He opened the bag and began to pull things out looking at each.

"Green, yellow, red, sir" I kept my response short and watched his face to gauge
his reaction to my outfit from the mall.

"Simple, but effective.  Sort of like these." He said holding up the mere slip
of denim that had been my jeans earlier in the day.  "You are a gutsy one, I'll
give you that.  Oh and these," he said hold up the thin leather thong I had been
wearing earlier "won't cover much, but should keep you out of jail.  Put them on
and give me those."

He was right.  The thong did cover, but it didn't obscure.  It was the same
show.  The only difference was that instead of a pink flesh I had a black bulge. 
Not much better from my point of view.  He through the thong back and after
struggling out of my straps, I swapped out and tossed the sheer maid outfit
panties back.  I reached for the straps again.

"Don't bother, we are almost there.  You know this place, been here before is
see." he said pointing to the name on the bag "So you know the lay out.  Let me
fill you in on something, and then a special request..... no, order."  He paused
and waited for my reply.

"Yes sir, if I can" I whispered my consent.

"You have no choice.  But you'd do it anyway, I've figuring you out now.  John
was in my room before you met him.  There's a party going on up in a neighboring
room and we got a few drinks passed back and forth between the two balconies. 
John got a little too taken with a couple of the college girls and had a few to
many.  Well, maybe I helped a little.  I needed him a little pissed to get away
with what you did.  Worked great too, thanks.  But, now we're back and I'm
betting the party is still going strong.  Problem is, I'm out of booze.  That's
where you come in."

I didn't like the sound of this.  He was thinking too much.  He had already
proven to be an imaginative one.

He continued "So I'll go in first and use the courtesy phone at the bell desk. 
I'll order a tray of drinks and tell them my assistant will drop by the bar to
pick them up.  Not the lobby bar near the elevator, the main bar at the far end
of the lobby.  The driver will fetch you when its all set up.  Just slip, or
rather strut your way to the far end of the lobby, pick up the tray of drinks,
and bring them up to room 918.  I'm sure in that outfit noone will be surprised
to see you carrying a tray of drinks.  Room service wears something similar
don't they?"

"Son of a bitch" I wheezed. "I don't think ..."

"You have no choice.  I have these," he smirked pointing at my clothes "and
this." He added holding up my room key.  Now I knew I didn't like the driver
anymore.  He didn't wait for anything further and got out as soon as the limo
came to stop at the main lobby doors.  I saw him gesture the driver to follow as
he went through the glass doors and went directly to the bell desk.  A moment
later I saw him speaking to the driver who looked around the room and came back
out to the vehicle.

"Good news" He quipped as he held the door for me.  "The main bar is easy to
find, its at the FAR end of the lobby."  I hated the way he accentuated the word
far!  "The bad news is, the lobby is full of people.  Seems the floor show is
not in the cabaret bar tonight.  He he.  Enjoy."

Until I started I didn't know if I could actually go though with it.  I got a
little gasp from the front desk staff and the bell desk as I walked in, but I
knew this was nothing compared to what I could expect on my journey across the
lobby.  Damn him, he was right, I would have done it anyway.  Talk about getting
caught!  This was getting caught a couple hundred times over.

Back strait, chest out, and out, I started across the lobby.  Every click, every
fucking loud chrome cock on marble floor click brought another pair of eyes onto
me.  I had a fairly good pace which, only served to get my boobs moving.  Even
the tight confines of the laced bodice couldn't hold them still.  The tugging on
my nipples was not pleasant.  Even after I walked past people I could feel their
eyes boring into my leather bound ass cheeks.  A regular one man slut parade.  I
even heard one man suggest to his wife that they just had to go to the adult
cabaret that night, "this show he had to see."  I hope he wasn't disappointed,
like any semi nude stage actress could hold a candle to the show I was giving
for free.

I made it to the bar without incidence and was pleased it was near empty.  I
made my way to the bar and approached the grinning bar maid behind.  "Oh, I
don't even have to ask.  Assistant, eh.  How much do you charge an hour?  Jesus
man, where do you get the nerve?  Here."  She handed me a full tray of drinks. 
Looked like a bunch of double scotch on the rocks.  God I hoped at least one of
them was for me. "Oh, and try not to cum on your way back!"

That shocked me.  I looked down and was surprised to see my fully engorged cock,
partially exposed out the side of my thong, its shiny purple head pulsing in
near climax.  She was right, I was about to cum!  I went to put the tray down
and straiten myself out.  "Don't you dare, you little slut.  Keep both hands on
that tray and get upstairs before the ice melts.  Besides, this way everyone
will know just how much you are enjoying yourself."

The walk back was much worse than the walk up.  Anyone that had missed it the
first time and been fooled by my costume had unequivocal proof of my true sex. 
The comments were louder and ruder this time.  I had to be quick before someone
thought enough to call security.  Hurrying just exaggerated my bounce in my
boobs.  Now my nipples were very unhappy.  I decided I had been too easy on
Trish.  I made it to the elevator.  Thankfully I was alone for the ride to the
ninth floor.  Better yet, when the door opened I saw I was very close to 918.

No one saw me in the hallway.  I knocked on the door.  Soon the public display
part of my ordeal would be over.  I figured I'd had enough of that for one day. 
I thought I heard him say something on the other side of the door.  Then a
rattle and it opened.  "Perfect timing.  Here," he picked up a couple of drinks
and put them on a counter beside the door.  I tried to edge into the room, but
he kept me at the door.  Then he dropped a pad of paper and a pen on the tray. 
"Follow my lead or we use a whip tonight instead of a paddle, understood?"

"Yes, sir, but ..." I queried trying to look past him into the room.

"No one in here, don't worry." The grin told me I needed to worry.  "Now take a
couple of sips for yourself and wait a few seconds before coming in."  I was
thankful for the drink, but was still concerned.  I heard the patio door open. 
There were party noises out there.  Then I heard him speak to someone else. 
"Sorry about that, just room service.  Did anyone want a scotch?"

That bastard actually expected me to walk out there and serve him a scotch in
front of a bunch of college kids partying across the way.  Well, we'll just see
about that.  Then I saw the whip.  A very nasty looking black leather English
riding crop.  It was laid across the foot of the bed in plain sight of anyone
standing at the door.  He had left it there for me to see.  Then on the floor
just down beside it was a leather paddle, and a gag, and some cuffs, and some
wide leather straps, and I started walking towards the balcony.

As I approached the patio door I heard "Ah, here she is."  I was relieved to see
he was the only one on it.  I stepped out and then noticed a large group on the
balcony just across the way.  They were all young college kids and obviously in
full party mode.  They were just far enough away that if I was careful .. Then
they saw me.  More specifically, they say what I was wearing, or not wearing
depending on how you looked at it.  The party room went totally silent.  One
long loud wolf whistle said it all.  "Yes, that's one of the little perks I was
talking about.  The room service here on the business class floor is a little,
well special.  Here honey, let me sign that."

Special service, business class, yeah right.  He had been having a bit of fun
with the kids.  And I was here as a prop.  Well, fair enough, no harm done. 
Kinda cute if you think about it.  I had to wonder how many of them were trying
to figure if they had enough money to upgrade.  I was beginning to like his
style.  He took the pad and pen of my tray and as he signed in a flourish
whispered "On you knees, do me now!"  I stared in shock as he then added in a
much louder voice "And a little something extra for you my dear."  He held the
pad for me to see.  One word, big letters NOW!

I remembered the whip and lowered myself to my knees.  There were gasps from
across the way as I set the tray down and fumbled with his fly.  I was only
getting a little better with those damn nails.  Finally it was down and a very
firm cock immediately popped out.  We wasn't wearing shorts.  He had this set up
from the very beginning.  For the third time that day I wrapped my very painted
lips around a stiffening cock.

My man and about a dozen college kids sighed.  I heard him call back across the
divide. "I guess she liked my tip."

There was a round a loud laughter and then someone called back "Yeah, and she
probable appreciates the money too."

It was done and it may as well be done right.  He was paying me $550 so he
deserved a good one.  And he got it.  I had learned a little through the day and
I applied all my talent to his cock.  I slurped, licked, chewed, nibbled, and
played that rod for all I was worth.  Part way into it I heard him speak softly
"I hadn't intended for you to go all the way, but god damn ....."

Less than a minute later I was rewarded with a mouthful and more.  I managed to
swallow it all and I made a real show of licking him clean.  I put it back in,
zipped him up, and while he was still panting, Stood, picked up my tray and said
loud enough for all to hear  "Just give me a call if you need a refill sir."  I
then flicked his cheek with a long nail and made a real show a wiggling back
into the room and walked as if to leave the room.  At the door I turned quickly
and ducked into the bathroom and set my tray down.  I sat on the toilet and
gulped down a scotch.  I picked up another and sipped it more sedately while I
waited.

Outside the kids were going nuts.  I could barely hear my date as he got
peppered with questions, comments, but most of all congratulations.  There
wasn't a guy over there that did not say he wanted to come over for a 'drink'. 
Thankfully, my date said it was a closed service and he was wiped, big day, time
for bed.  I heard him ask if they could take the party indoors so he could get
some sleep.  Things got a little quieter and I heard him close the patio doors
and then pull the drapes.  I peeked around the corner and once assured that the
coast was clear I ventured out.

"You are one amazing piece of work.  I can't believe you actually did that.  I
was nervous you wouldn't even pretend to suck me in front of those kids.  I
didn't think you'd .....  They'll all be jerking off with you in their dreams
tonight.  If they only knew!  So, now what?"  He sat on the end of the bed and
took a sip of his scotch.

I took the last sip of my drink and knelt down in front of him.  I opened my
knees and lowered my head in a very subservient pose.  I reached up and picked
up the whip and holding it in front of my said "Red".  I dropped the whip and
reached around the corner of the bed to pick up the paddle.  "Green".

He looked down at the rest of the gear on the floor where the paddle had been. 
"And the rest of it?"

"I'm going to change my mind at the last minute, so you'll need to make sure I
can't get away.  Tight, very tight."  I didn't raise my eyes as I admitted my
lust for total restraint.

"And how many?"  He asked as he took the paddle from my hand.

"I topped you from the bottom out there.  I don't want to be in charge anymore." 
I surprised myself by giving him complete control.

"Why you arrogant little slut!  Do you really think you really could control me,
ever.  You little tramp.  Stand up and turn around."  His voice was harsh. 
Either he was really into this or I had just made a mistake.  I stood and before
I could even turn he grabbed my arms and swung me around.  He came up harshly
behind me and then just when I was getting scared whispered in my ear "one, two
and three fingers, right?"  He was a player.  My cock throbbed.

"Yes sir, but no ..." I slid my heel sideways and stepped on the whip.

"That depends on how well you behave, my little cock hungry piece of trash." 
With that his foot moved my heel and kicked the crop under the bed.  The message
had been understood.  The game was afoot.

Game hell, this guy was serious.  Very serious and very experienced.  He knew
exactly what he was doing.  And he had the gear to do it with.  Twenty minutes
later I was not going anywhere and he was stepping into the shower.  A shower! 
I was trussed up like a Christmas turkey, hot, horny, sweaty, horny, stuffed,
and totally horny! And he goes and takes a fucking shower.  If I could have
screamed I would have.  If I would have done anything if I could have.  He'd
taken care of that too.

First he had handcuffed my wrists behind my back.  Then came a big red ball gag. 
I realized then that he was going to allow me to enjoy the show.  I was standing
directly in front of the dresser mirror and he was on the bed behind me.  He
then began undoing the laces down my back.  It had been on so long I had
forgotten how tight it was.  I gave a pleasant "harumph" from behind the gag and
thanked him for the release with my eyes.  That turned out to be something I
wasted.  It wasn't for my benefit.  He had plans for what was underneath.  Down
came the thong and then he sat back.  I realized then that I had not seen myself
like this all day.

The oversized breast forms were barely contained in the light lacy bra.  The
only thing that kept them in there was the tight leather lacing over top.  Also
trapped by the lacing were the silk hose and the heels.  None of that was coming
off without the key, or a knife and he didn't seem to have any plans for either. 
Both our eyes were drawn to my very hard cock totally engorged and enclosed in
its own leather cage, now sticking strait out from my body.

After a second he spoke.  "He sure has gotten you into a lot of trouble today,
hasn't he.  He doesn't look too comfortable now.  Well, lets see if we can make
it just a little worse, okay?"  Worse?  That's not what I had in mind!!!! "Oh,
and these."  His hands came around my chest and each one cupped a full bra cup.
"I've noticed you wince a bit when they bounce.  Could it be that.."  His hands
closed and he pulled out on each cup.  His grip was enough to catch the inner
filling.  I know he could feel the resistance to his pulling inside.  That
tugged on my nipples and I moaned loudly into the gag.  "You didn't have any
choice here either I bet."

Then he stood up off the bed and pulled a length of fine chain from beneath the
bed.  Using a chair he climbed up and hooked one end of the chain over a hook in
the ceiling intended for a decorative lamp.  I'd have to compliment the hotel on
it's fine decor I reminded myself snidely.  He walked me over to the chain and
soon my hand were pulled well up behind my back and attached to the chain. I was
now bent over double with my chest parallel the floor and I had to spread my
legs for support.  He "helped" me out there too.  Soon my legs were spread three
feet apart with a very sturdy spreader bar locked onto each ankle.

Next came the parachute.  This cute little monster went around my scrotum just
above my already tender balls.  That didn't seem to bother him though.  The
chain that hung below the parachute soon was supporting a small elastic bungy
cord.  It was then I noticed the hook mid-way along the spreader bar between my
heels.  But the cord couldn't reach there, not unless it was pulled tight, very
tight.  Oh shit ......

Thankfully he left it swinging free.  Then he took some fine, white cord and
started to bind my breasts.  He put several tight loops around the base of each
and then fastened a big loop on each side that hung well down near the floor. If
they had been real they would have been going purple.  As it was it did put some
strain on my nipples because of the inserts glued inside, but it wasn't too bad,
yet.

He seemed satisfied for a bit and then seemed to have an inspiration.  A few
seconds later he came back out of the bathroom with some dental floss.  He
threaded the dental floss through the lacing near the tip of my cock and then
wrapped it around just behind the ridge at the base of the head and finally
brought it down and tied it off to the two loops hanging from my breasts.

I watched as he walked to the entry closed and came back with an oscillating
fan.  "Guess it get hot here sometimes.  Tonight you are the one getting hot." 
With that he set the fan on the floor below me and secured the breast cords to
each side.  He pulled the heavy fan back until a small squeal into the gag told
him the tension to my nipples was complete.  He put one of his small suitcases
on the base of the fan, it wasn't going to move!

"Well, I don't know about you but I need a shower.  Don't go away now."  And
with that he started the fan and with no warning at all pulled the bungy cord
down and looped it over the hook in the spreader bar.   The bastard didn't even
hang around to hear me scream.  Or try to.  He just got up and had his damn
shower.

So, there I was.  My balls are being pulled to the floor, screaming for release,
and if I wiggled even a little bit it just increases the pull on them,   And I
was wiggling!  You're damn right I was wiggling.  That damn fan kept going back
and forth first one tit, then the other.  Left nipple, right nipple.  Back and
forth, pull, tug, pinch, pull, tug, pinch.  And the whole time it kept gently
tugging at my cock.  Nothing painful just a constant sweeping tugging.  Just
like a gently hand stroking, stroking.  And I just couldn't cum.  That damn
pulling on my balls, my nipples were going to be ripped off.  And my cock is
gently swept from side to side.  I was going to ....... yeah right I couldn't do
a damn thing.  And he was in the shower!

Suddenly in my lust filled haze it all stopped.  I opened my eyes to see him
release the bungy cord and shutting off the fan.  He released the cords from the
fan at put it away.  "Not a word, promise?"  I nodded agreement and he took off
the gag.  My relief was short lived as the ball gag was replaced with its
inflatable counter part.  "Can't have you waking the neighbors" He inflated the
gag, one more pump than really necessary and then confirmed my fears when he
picked up the paddle.  Then he surprised me as he stopped, looked around the
room and then put the paddle back  down on the bed.

I watched as he walked to the front door and turned off a few lights.  That left
only the main entrance light and a study light on the desk turned on.  I was
confused further when he took the shade off the study light.  It became all too
clear when he picked up the paddle and walked around behind me and said "Wonder
if the party is still going?"  I turned my head to the window and froze.  We
were a perfect silhouette on the drapes.  Me bent over, butt out, huge breasts
hanging down, arms pulled up and secured to a chain hanging from the ceiling. 
Him standing behind me, a paddle in his hands.  It was show time.

"We both heard the patio door across the way open and the party noise get louder
for a moment.  Then things quieted down again.  "Guess they don't want us to
know they can see us.  Fair enough, we'll let them think they are spying."  He
went to raise the paddle.  I waved my hands wildly.  He stopped.  I motioned
with my hands, first together and then parting them.  He didn't understand, and
then I repeated it.  "Open the patio door?  Bit why?  Oh I get it, you want them
to hear too.  But the gag, .... oh the swats.  You little exhibitionist!  I like
your style."  He put the paddle down and not too obviously opened the windows
behind the curtain just a little.

We both heard the murmur of whispers outside the window.  Then a feminine voice
hushed the others and said a bit louder "Shhhh, everyone quiet, we don't want to
give ourselves away.  And tell them to turn the music down in there, maybe we
can hear something."  We heard the volume of music increase as the patio door
was opened and then cease completely as it was killed at the source.

My tormentor picked up the paddle again and whispered very quietly "Well, you
got your audience, let give them a show.  I figure ten nice little swats aught
to do."  I couldn't say anything so I gave him the finger.  "Okay, have it your
way, ten good hard swats then."  Me and my big mouth.

The first one took my breath away.  SWAT! My breath left via the gag in an
attempted scream.  I did scream, but all anyone heard was a nice little polite
humph!  It was just so lady like.  Even though the crowd was trying to be quiet
we all heard there comments.  Gasps, a couple of 'Jesus', and at least one
nervous feminine giggle.  I was still panting after the first when he whispered
again.  "I want you to watch the show too.  After all, it was your request."

I turned at watched our silhouettes as he made a real show of slowly drawing the
paddle back and feeling my butt with the other hand took aim and, WHACK!  The
crowd loved it.  I could hear them whispering among themselves and giggling.  My
host was chuckling not to quietly too.  Everyone was having such a good time
except me.  Whack!  'Damn that hurts!  It doesn't have to be this hard to be
loud.'  The I remembered the finger.  That was real dumb!

After the sixth swat he put the paddle down.  We both heard a near silent "Ahh"
from outside.  Then another gasp.  I looked over at the window and watched the
other  silhouette get underdressed.  He purposely turned sideways to the light
as he pulled off his pants and when he stood up his obvious erection was very
visible.  We both heard it.  "Someone in there is really enjoying this!."  That
was followed by a feminine voice saying  "What makes you think they both
aren't."  Another girl added "Oh Crissy, that's sick!".  The murmuring went
silent as he picked up the paddle again.

The last four swats came fairly quickly.  His excitement was obvious and now it
appeared he wanted it over as fast as I did.  His erection bobbed with each
swing and between that and the loud retorts of the paddle on my reddening butt,
we got a chorus of giggles, laughs, and whispered comments.

After the tenth swat he stepped back and dropped the paddle to the floor.   I
worried for a second when he bent over, I thought to pick it up and was relieved
when he grabbed his pants instead.  My relief disappeared as I saw him reach
into the pocket and pull out a condom.   Heh, that wasn't part of the deal.  I
started to shake my head vigorously and scream into the gag.  I'm sure he heard
and I bet they heard it outside too.  That didn't stop him though.  All I got
from outside was a hushed "oh, oh." from an obviously excited male in the crowd.

He really enjoyed again turning prone to the light and making a real show or
rolling the condom over his cock.  What the silhouette didn't show was him using
a little tube of KY in his pocket to put a dab of the cool gel on my hole.  I
renewed my shaking no and pleading through the gag.  He liked that.  He told me
so.

Then he caught me off guard again and reached down for the paddle.  Everything
went silent, inside and out.  He spoke very quietly, ensuring that only I would
hear.  "They don't know these aren't real, so try and give them a good show,
okay."  I watch as his silhouette positioned the tip of his cock just at the
entrance to my ass.  I felt the head brush up against my puckered ass hole. 
Firmly, but gently he pushed to seat just the tip of the head inside my tight
back door.  And then I saw him raise his arm.

The paddle hit my right tit.  For something that wasn't real it hurt like hell. 
The swat went right through to the inner filler and pulled unmercilessly at my
nipple.  The scream was real enough.  I jumped up.  I pulled down on the chain
holding my arms back over my head, and I lurched back.  In one big jolt I thrust
myself back on that rigid cock and totally impaled myself.  I hit him so hard I
think I nearly knocked him over.  I heard him exhale roughly and I heard the
guys outside.  Any pretense of silence was gone.  "Jesus Christ! Did you see
that.  She shoved the whole thing in.  God damn!"

I leaned forward and pulled off a bit.  I looked up to see him changing hands
with the paddle.  I started to shake no.  They saw him switch too.  "Here comes
number two!"  I was just about to give him to stop finger signal when it hit. 
Again my nipple screamed.  Again, I fully impaled myself on his rock hard cock. 
This time he dropped the paddle and started pumping.  I was lost.  He was
pounding me and I could feel his balls whacking up against me as he pumped
faster and faster.  Then I felt his hands fumbling with the parachute.  He
slowed his pace slightly and he finally got it.  The bungy popped free.  The
relief was immediate.  I sighed in appreciation.  He started pumping harder
again.  And then he touched me.

He reached around my waist and put his hand around my erection just at the base
of the head.  He didn't pump or anything he just squeezed a little.  And we both
came together.  I'm not sure who cam harder, but it was a hell of a show.  I
could only arch my back and scream into the gag.  I flung my head back and forth
as he squeezed and pulled my cock prolonging my eruption.  Meanwhile, I could
feel his manhood in me pumping and throbbing away.  Finally, he slowed and
pulled out.

Thankfully, he immediately released my hands and I was able to stand strait for
the first time in almost an hour.  He knelt and released the spreader bar from
my ankles.  Then he released the air from the gag and unbuckled it letting it
fall to the floor.  Looking back over his shoulder he said "Time for some
privacy."  He started to walk to the door and I called him back.

"They have to know this mutual, release my hands."  He stood behind me and I
felt the cuffs released and heard them fall to the floor.  I made a real show of
giving him a big hug and then I slowly lowered my face and kissed each nipple. 
I let myself fall to the floor and reaching up I used my nails and guided him to
turn around.  The profile was perfect.  I stuck out my tongue and the crowd
watched as it slipped between the cheeks of his ass.  "That's enough." he said
abruptly and walked over and turned off all the lights.

I thought I was off the hook.  I thought wrong.  He came back in the near
darkness and lay face down on the bed.  He reached for the TV remote and turned
on a news channel.  He shifted and I noticed his ass was sticking up as he lay
over a pillow.  "Finish what you started."

"But, it was only for them.  It was just a show.  I really didn't intend to..."
My words were stopped as I watched him reach under the bed and pull out the
riding crop.  I was glad he had just had a shower.  He signed and purred as he
watched the news.  I did the best I could at rimming his ass hole and we both
listened to a surprising exchange outside.

We heard the other patio door open and a moment later we heard the music start
up again.  We didn't have to guess what the major topic of conversation would be
for the next little while.  We both thought the balcony was empty.  Then the
patio door opened again and a male voice called out.  "Crissy, you coming in? 
What are you doing out here?"  The patio door closed again and then we heard a
bit quieter.  "Heh kid, you okay?  Crissy! You look totally ....." 

"Mark, be quiet.  Look, we've been friends a long time right.   Well, it's a
secret and if you tell anyone I'll kill you.  No one knows so you keep it that
way.  Today is my birthday."

Now we knew it was Mark speaking "Wow, I had no idea.  Come on why not tell the
others.  It would be a great excuse to continue the party it's starting to break
up.  This will liven things up."

"Well, Mark, I was thinking more along the lines of a private party."  Crissy
paused for effect.  "You know, maybe just you and me alone.  You could give me
my present, just the two of us."

Mark was obviously surprised. "But Crissy, I didn't know, I don't have anything
to give you."

"Oh yes you do.  It's my twentieth birthday.  You know twenty.  Maybe you could
steal a ping pong paddle from the game room downstairs."

The silence betrayed Mark's shock.  Then in an obviously excited voice "Crissy,
are you serious?  Did you see what he did to her after?  I mean if , do you
mean, but everyone says you're a virgin and don't even date anyone who ...."

Crissy spoke calmly obviously trying to get Mark settled down.  "Yes, I am
virgin, and I hate that goodie-goodie reputation.  So here it is mister.  A one
time offer.  That scene in there has me so turned on I can't stop myself.  I'll
let you tie me up like that and then you can give me my birthday presents, all
twenty of them.  After that, well, I guess I won't be able to do anything about
it until you untie me.  Well?"

"Your going to regret that." was Mark's answer.

"Promise?"  Was Crissy's closing response.

We heard the patio door open and close.

My host got up, turned off the TV and climbed under the covers.  "This bed or
the other.  Up to you.  Set your own alarm.  I believe the driver is picking you
up here in the morning.  Goodnight."  With that he rolled over signaling all
conversation was over.

I chose the other bed and set the alarm for 6:00 AM.




Chapter III

I awoke with a start and looked at the alarm clock beside the bed.  I had one of
those little panic attacks like 'Oh no, I've slept in!'  There was no need to
worry, as is all to common I had awoken five minutes before the alarm was to
ring.  I turned it off and lay there for a minute remembering the night before
and where I was.  I looked over at the other bed nervously and was somewhat
calmed by a motionless form facing the other way over there.

I decided to try and get out of my situation as quickly as possible, hopefully
before he was awake too.  I slipped out of the bed and entered the bathroom
closing the door as quietly as possible.  I turned on the light and got a
fright.  I looked awful!  I could only imagine what the pillow looked like.  It
had done a serious number on me.  All the makeup was smudged, and rubbed
together into a mess of color and streaks.  My face looked like a sidewalk chalk
painting after a light rain.  It was disgusting.  I couldn't go out like this.

Then I looked down at my leather lacy body harness and realized a shower was not
possible.  Well, I could have cut the laces and been freed that way, but that
would be a shame.  I still hadn't seen the key to my cuffs that held the whole
thing on, so the shower was out.  I ran a full sink of warm water and set to the
task at hand.  I forgot about the nails and just abut took out an eye before I
figured out how to work with them.  I decided again I had been to easy on Trish
the day before.

After several sinks of water and more than a few paper towels in the garbage I
was starting to look decent.  Well, as decent as a man in very high heels, hose,
an over stuffed bra, and a leather lace bondage body wrap can look.  I was just
snickering at my own reflection when the phone rang.  Luckily, there was an
extension in the bathroom and I picked it up half way through the first ring.

"Good morning sir, this is the bell desk calling.  Your limo is here.  The
driver would like a word."

"Yes, put him on." I replied.

A moment later I heard a familiar voice.  "Well, good morning there, pulled an
all nighter I see.  Everything was okay I hope.  So, when will you be ready to
roll?"

"It wasn't an all nighter, although my feet fell like it's been longer!  Look,
give me twenty minutes and meet me at the service entrance like before.  I can't
be seen in public like this.  I'm not kidding now."  I tried to be as serious
with my voice as possible to let him know I wasn't in the mood for any more
games.

"Oh don't worry about it."  His voice was calm and reassuring.  "I'm sure you've
had enough by now.  I'll be waiting around back like yesterday."  I hung up with
a sigh of relief.   Now all I had to do was sneak out of the room and I'd be
home free.

I opened the door quietly and stepped out into the main room.  It was then I had
brainstorm and thought to grab one of the large robes from the closet and use it
to coverup for the walk to the service elevator.  I silently picked up a few
items from the floor and was just considering pulling on what was left of my
jeans when a sleepy voice called from the bed.  "So, Al am I going to see you
again next year?"

'Al?  Oh shit, he knew!  Now what?' my mind was racing.  This had gotten very
bad very quickly.

"Oh don't worry about it.  Like I'm going to tell anyone.  Look at the trouble I
went to shut John up yesterday.  Anything I say automatically implicates me, so
relax!"  His tone was relaxed and he never turned to look my way, deciding
instead I guessed that discretion was better.

"How long have you known?" I asked as I continued slipping on the denim scrap
and picking up my things.

"Yesterday, on the way back from the airport.  You got too relaxed.  You let
your voice slip.  You were good though.  You had me fooled until then."  He was
chuckling a bit as he said that.

"And you went through with it anyway?  What about the money?"  The ruse was up. 
I couldn't take his money now.

"Go through with it.  Are you kidding?  That just excited me more.  I knew then
I could get away with a lot more.  That's why you got fucked last night.  And a
damn good fuck it was too, although the way you cam I wonder who was enjoying
the whole thing more.  As for the money, keep it.  I know you owe the driver
some.  Just put the rest to good use."

"Oh, I couldn't do that, it's just not right." I replied honestly.

"Look, tell you what.  Use it to buy a nice cocktail dress or something.  Get a
nice semi-decent outfit.  I'd like to take you out to dinner next year.  One
thing though, higher heels next time.  I want 6" stilettos and it's my money so
do it.  And don't thank me, dinner will be nice but you'll be hating what I have
in mind for dessert.  Now get out of here before I decide that once was not
enough."

I didn't have to be told twice.  I grabbed the bag with my stuff, slipped on a
robe from the closet and let myself out the door.

The trip to the elevator and down to the ground floor was uneventful.  The
driver was true to his word and was waiting for me just outside the door at the
loading bay.  I got in and he asked for the robe.  I started to say something
and a pointed finger told me to shut up and do it.  I did.  I sat near nude on
the back seat as he drove around front.

My questions were answered when he pulled up to the front doors and handed the
rode to a bell hops and indicated it belonged in room 918.  Well, at least he
was saved an extra charge, fair enough I decided.  As we pulled away the driver
pulled open the privacy window and spoke.  "Unless you want every window back
there opened to all to see in you'd better start telling me everything about
last night.  I've just got to know what happened after your little charade in
the car."

 I told him everything.  I even included the conversation we had after he called
that morning.  During my monologue I counted out and slipped him two hundred
dollars through the window.

"So, you going to do it?" He asked when I had finished.

"Well, he did promise a good dinner.  And besides, a decent dress, acting like a
lady.  Maybe I can pull it off.  It should be a hoot."

"And what about the six inches, think you can handle that?"  He was referring to
my several comments about sore feet, I was sure.

"Actually, it was a bit more than six  inches, but that's a little personal
don't you think?"  That comment got a loud laugh as we pulled up to Rose's home. 
Wordlessly he got out and came around to my door.  As I got out he handed me a
card and said "Call me anytime you need a ride.  You know I'm okay with a little
fun on the side."

Rose was waiting for me at the door.  "Lost the makeup I see."

"It was a mess this morning.  You should see the pillow, I got off lucky."  I
replied with a chuckle.

"He let you sleep?  We figured you'd be going all night."  She added with smile
to indicate she was kidding.

"Well, I had a big day." and as I rubbed my near nude butt I added "several big
ones actually, many of which you were responsible for.  Even a slut needs her
sleep"

We both were chuckling now.  I noticed the house was quite quiet. "Everyone
still asleep, can I assume it was an all nighter here?"

"Damn near.  You were quite the catalyst.  Now lets get you cleaned up."  With
that she help open her hand and I say the key to my cuffs.  "I bet you'd love a
shower!  But you'd better start telling me all about last night or we could go
to the other room instead."

I told her everything.  Every detail about the trip to the airport, the room
service trick, the window puppet show and even the talk about dinner next year. 
I even showed her the money.

In return I got a wonderful long, hot shower, a endless cup of very good coffee
and a very attentive and understanding ear.  I was even more pleased when Rose
took me back into the game room and there were my bags with a dress pants,
shirt, tie, and a jacket all laid out for me.  Everything was neatly pressed for
me.  I looked at the shirt and back at Rose.

"You'll have to ask Janice what it's like to do the ironing while your hanging
by your nipple from the ceiling and my daughter is fucking you with a eight inch
dildo.  She messed it up the first time, but after a half hour or so she got the
hang of  it."  Rose chuckled at her own joke.

"I don't have to ask, I know what it's like, remember?"

Rose's chuckle was renewed with the memory.  "Yeah, you would know.  So lets
call you a cab.  Oh, and I expect to be the one to help you dress for that big
date next year.  Deal?"

"I can't think of anyone more qualified." I answered as I prepared to leave.

I was asleep on the airplane before they pushed away from the gate.  I'd tell
you about the dream I had, but I don't think you could handle it.

The End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ellie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





