BDSM Library - Lawyers in Love




Lawyers in Love
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Ongoing story of love bondage and exploration.
Lawyers in Love - Part 1

This is an ongoing story with over 200 pages

A story by  JRN for the wife he adores...

She looked down at the bracelets on her wrists.  They were stainless steel,
shiny, almost sexy and VERY secure.  She pulled at the handcuffs again for the
fiftieth time that evening.  the result was always the same.  Flesh and bone
versus steel and the steel always won.  The shoulder length leather gloves
protected her wrists from the bite of the metal.  she let her arms relax against
her body,  the snug chain around her waist never letting them move more than 
few inches from her body.  the chain padlocked behind her back and ran down to 
pair of leg irons around her booted ankles.  She could still do most of her
household chores like this but there was no chance of escaping the solid chains
without the keys.  Mopping and sweeping, dusting and vacuuming could be done
with some effort, and she had even learned to do the dishes and fold small items
with a little practice.  She had, had alot of practice.  She sucked in the
rubber phallus in her mouth and hummed a soft tune through her gag.  The leather
panel that covered her face fro her chin to her nose muted out almost all of the
sound.

He looked up from the book he was reading and saw her standing in the doorway. 
A vision of erotic loveliness.  She was dressed in a frilly French maid uniform
of glossy satin.  The dark silkiness a perfect contrast against her creamy skin,
as was the little white lace hat against her mane of shoulder length hair.  He
admired her figure, not the barbie doll that some men wanted, but perfect in
every aspect to him.  Her starched white apron was edged with the same white
lace as her sleeves and cap.  The neckline plunged in a way not to be obscene,
but to accentuate her ample breasts.  The short  hem of her skirt gave just a
glance of her fishnet stockings before her thigh high, spiked heeled boots
began.  "Come in my love.  All finished with your chores?"  She gave a nod as
she glided into the room.  He never understood how she could move so gracefully
in the high heeled boots and chains, but the again, she did get plenty of
practice.  It was her favorite outfit, and he couldn't blame her.  He loved the
way she looked in it, the contrast between the shiny satin material and the
slick black leather of the long gloves and boots.  She shuffled in and sat down,
putting her head on his shoulder.  She looked into his eyes longingly with her
big green emerald eyes.  she batted her eyelashes in a flirtatious manner and
nuzzled his cheek with her flowing mane of hair.  She turned her head away,
offering him the small padlock on the buckle of the gag.  "Mot yet baby."  He
pulled a padded blindfold out of his back pocket and buckled it securely over
her eyes., blocking out all light.

She felt safe and secure.  She sensed movement and soon her arms were moved from
in front of her to the rear and the handcuffs were re-locked behind her back.  A
final click and they were again padlocked to the chain around her wrist.  He put
his hands under her arms and gently lifted her to her feet, propelling her
blindly into the hallway.  He held her tightly against him as he forced her up
the stairway.  Her bound hands could feel his erection through the leather of
the skintight gloves.  She gave him a little squeeze.  At the top of the stairs
they turned left and she knew they were entering their bedroom.  He gently
manoeuvred her face down on the big four poster bed.  She felt a tug on her
ankle chain, and her legs were forced up and open like a frog.  Lubricant was
applied to her anus, and she knew what was coming next.  The butt plug felt huge
as he eased it past her sphincter, but it was actually the size he always used. 
The size that she liked.  The ring of muscle gradually relented to the rubber
intruded and it slid all the way in, settling itself nicely in place.  When the
widest part made it past, she let out a small, mute groan into her gag, and
shuddered in a mini orgasm.  Next came the wide, eight inch long, ribbed
vibrator, which he worked slowly and sensuously into her.  No lubrication needed
for this one, she was as wet as ever.  Both plugs were secured in place with an
elastic crotchstrap, allowing her to push the dildo out just a bit with her
vaginal muscle, and the butt plug to shift withe very movement.  He pulled again
on the shackle chain, this time attaching it with a small padlock to the chain
running around her waist.  She was now secured in a tight hogtie, or a frogtie,
since her knees were then forced apart by him.  He buckled a leather cuff above
either knee, and fixed a spreader bar between them.  She tried to close her
legs, to no avail.  Ropes were then tied from either knee to the posts on the
footboard of the bed.  He caressed her face and she cooed into the gag.  He ran
his hands through her hair, lovingly combing it with his finger and pulling the
trapped ends out from beneath the plug gag strap.  He slowly pulled a discipline
hood over her head smoothing it down over every curve of her face.  "Does that
feel okay?"  She nodded the best she could, as he tightened the laces down the
back, tying them at the base of her neck in a double knot.  Another rope was run
from her ever present locking collar to the headboard of the bed, holding her
totally immobile.  She jumped as both devices inside her hummed to life.  She
was floating in an orgasmic bliss as she thought of how it had all begun...




Lawyers in Love - Part 2

The first he had seen her was a hot, sticky summer night.  The heat of the day
had bled off, but there was no breeze and the humidity was so thick that it was
almost hazy.  She had stopped in at a restaurant for some quick carry out food,
and thin it was rush home to her ever growing caseload to get ready for the next
days onslaught.  She had put in many long hours, weeks and days as a public
defender.  When she had finally opened her own practice, she somehow thought
that her workdays would get shorter.  Boy was she wrong!

He waited patiently in line and couldn't help notice the beautiful curves of the
woman in front of him.  She seemed to be about his height, but he imagined her
to be only about five foot seven without the strappy heels she was wearing.  He
got a good look t her face s she turned to look at what was going on, as a drunk
got loud in the lounge that adjoined the restaurant.  She had dark hair and
creamy white skin, her features brought on a feeling of strength combined with a
certain delicacy.  Her hair framed her face nicely.  She had a beautiful smile
and big green piercing eyes that he could almost feel looking right through him. 
As she turned back towards the register, he surveyed the rest of her.  She was
conservatively dressed in her grey skirt and jacket with a powder blue blouse
underneath.  The hem of the skirt was neither too long or short.  Just short
enough to be sexy without being slutty.  As he focussed on her butt, a big smile
came across his face.  He was sure he could see the outline of a garter belt
under the smooth gray fabric of the skirt with straps running down either side
framing her cheeks nicely.  "My kind of woman" he thought, "why don't more women
wear them."  He eyed her left hand as she paid the cashier for her mean and saw
no ring on it.  "Maybe all the good ones aren't taken" he thought, "but like I
have the nerve to approach her out of the blue. "Can I help you?" brought him
out of his trance, and he realized that she had already left the restaurant.  He
hurriedly paid for his food and rushed out into the parking lot but she was
nowhere in sight. 

It had been six years since he had been divorced.  He and his ex-wife were still
very good friends, and she had been very supportive of his move to the South. 
He had agreed that a change of pace, and even a change of scenery may be just
what he needed to jump start him out of the depression that he has been feeling
over the last few years.  The break up with Karen had hit him very hard.  She
had been his first real relationship since his divorce.  It had lasted two
years, but like his marriage, it was not meant to be.  Life was bound to better
now.  New city, new house, fresh air and fun in the sum.  The money he had made
putting in the many long hours at the law practice had given him plenty of
financial freedom for the six months he planned to be unemployed while setting
up his new house and home office.  He knew that part of his new life would be to
work a little less and socialize a little more.  He just wasn't sure how he was
going to do the later.  He had never been much of a drinker and the bards he had
been to had pretty much been meat markets.  Church had crossed his mind, but
that had never really been his thing.  He got into his car and started home,
almost running a red light thinking about the mysterious woman with the steak
and ribs.  He had only been in town three weeks, be he knew no one besides his
Realtor and was yearning for some company.

A week later she was driving home from a long day of shopping.  She hated the
stores, the crowds, and the line almost as much as she loved the hunt.  Getting
the perfect item for the perfect price, that's what it was all about.  Her last
hour had been spent grocery shopping and it wasn't quite the same.  She detested
it so much, she tried to limit it to once every three or four weeks except for
odds and ends.  The car sputtered and then ran.  Sputtered again, gave a few
sickly coughs and died all together.  She flipped on her hazards and coasted to
the side of the road.  She closed her eyes and tilted her head back against the
headrest.  There was no question in her mind what the problem was.  Running her
hand through her hair, she opened one eye and glared at the gas gauge.  There it
was!  The little yellow light shown accusingly at her.  Why didn't she fill up
this morning as she planned?  "Well, no use sulking" she thought.  "What to do
to fix the problem?"  She glances in her rearview mirror and saw a car easing up
the shoulder, then stopping behind her.  A man got out and walked up to her
driver's door.  She instinctively locked the door and rolled the window down a
crack.  "What seems to be the problem?"  "I just seem to be out of gas" she
replied.  "What can I do for you baby?" A shiver went down her spine.  Something
about this guy just gave her the creeps.  Her mind flashed to all the newspaper
articles and TV news stories about rapes and attacks lately.  "I'm fine, I have
my cell phone right here, I just called someone to come and help me."  She
fished it out of her purse laying on the seat next to her and held it up.  "So
there's nothing I can do for you?"  "Nope, I'm all set.  Thanks for stopping
though."  He looked a little dejected, but gave her a nod and walked back to his
car and drove away.  "Why do I have to be so paranoid? she thought.  He had
looked like a nice guy, and its not like she would have gotten in the car with
him or anything.  Her certainly wouldn't have tired anything in broad daylight
on a busy street.  She probably could have even sweet talked him into going to
get her some gas.  O well.  She started to dial the cellular roadside assistance
number when she realized that she wasn't getting the familiar little beep every
time she pushed a digit.  She hit the power button and still nothing.  Dead
battery -- what else could go wrong.  "Someone else will stop" she thought, bus
as the minutes ticked by, no one did.  "never a cop around when you need one"
she mused.  She thought to get out and put the hood up so that people could see
that she was actually having car trouble, and not just pulled over reading a
map, lime one of the many tourists that flock to the area this time of year.

Jack had missed his exit again.  Sometimes he just got too into a song on the
radio and zoned out the rest of the world.  Exit 33 next right to sign read. 
His was exit 31.  "O well."  This was only the second time in three days this d
happened.  Maybe life was getting a little too carefree and his mind was turning
to jelly.  "A damsel in distress" he thought as he saw the car ahead with its
flashers on.  The woman was just putting the hood up as he started to pull over,
her dark hair blowing in the breeze.  She was dressed in blue nylon jogging
pants with white stripes running down the sides and white T-shirt.  He put the
car in park and got out.  She hadn't seem to notice him as she stared at
something happening up the road.  "Look likes you could use a little help." She
spun around startled and looked up and down quickly.  "Ran out of gas, I really
should have put some in when I saw I was low this morning."

"What to do now" she thought.  He was standing next to her door and shoe would
literally have to push him out of the way to get back into the car.  "Why was
she so jumpy?' She was out in public, It wasn't like she was on a dark country
road in the middle of nowhere at midnight.  "I'm renting too many scary movies"
she thought.  She looked him over.  Five, ten, maybe five, eleven.  Brown hair,
blue eyes, probably around thirty.  Nicely dressed in a pair of jeans and a polo
shirt.  Nice looking.  She couldn't quite place the accent, but it wasn't from
here.  Probably another transplants.  Most people down here were from what she
understood.  Friendly smile.

"Can I give you a lift to get some gas?"  "My mother told me never to get into a
car with a stranger? she said with a smile.  You could get by with saying almost
anything without offending someone if you said it with a smile, she had learned. 
"Got a gas can?"  "Sorry, I wish I did.  I never really thought to carry one,
I'm not the kind of person that usually forgets to put gas in my car" she lied. 
"There's a station right t the end of the exit there, I can see the sign."  "I
don't have a can either, or a first born child to leave as a deposit like they
usually want" he smirked "But I'll see what I can do."  Before she could say
anything he turned a walked back to his car, got in, and eased off into traffic.

He couldn't believe it, it was the woman from the restaurant last week!  She
looked a few years younger the way she was dressed today, but he was sure that
it was her.  He felt a little silly that he has just jumped into his car like
that and ran off, but he would have also looked silly standing there with his
mouth hanging open.  He needed a minter to regroup and formulate a  plan.  He
drove to the gas station and bought a plastic gas can and started to fill it up
with fuel.

She stood by the side of her car dumbfounded "was this her knight in shining
armor or some kind of psycho" she thought.  He stops, says hi and in a flash is
gone again.  She opened her car door and sat down.  Nothing to do now but wait. 
She caught herself checking her make-up in the rear view mirror, though she
never wore much.  Was she attracted to him? Or was she just that lonely lately? 
He thoughts were broken by his car pulling up behind her once again.  He got out
and went around to the rear of his car, getting a can of gas out of his trunk. 
He strode up, and she got out the car.  He tried to open the gas door, and then
he asked her to flip the release.  "Thanks for doing this for me.  I really have
to confess that I was really in a bind.  My battery on my cell phone was dead,
so I would have been walking if you didn't show up."  She wiped the sweat off of
her forehead and thought of what a hot walk it would have been in the 90 degree
heat.  She wasn't going to mention that she had stupidly chased off the first
person that had stopped.  "My pleasure, I could just couldn't drive right by a
damsel in distress."  "By the way, my name's Jack"  He extended his hand.  "I'm
Wendy, please to meet you."  He tipped the can up a little more, spilling the
last few drops of petrol into the tank.  "What do I do now?" she thought.  Oh
hell, just do it.  "Is there anyway I can make this kind gesture up to you? 
Maybe buy you a drink?"  There, she did it.  Did she sound dumb?  Was she being
too forward?

He words broke the awkward silence as they stood facing each other.  She just
asked him out.  No time to be stupid now.  "OK" Oh, that was great!  "I'd really
like that" he quickly added, hoping he didn't sound to excited.  "I'm new in
town, would you have any suggestions where?"  "Sorry, but I just moved here
myself" he replied.  "How long have you been here?"  "Only about three weeks,
and you?"  "I 've been here a little over a year, but I have to admit I don't
get out much."  He found that a little hard to believe.  She had only spoken a
few words, but there was a sensuality about her that shrieked at him.  A
gentleness and femininity that made him want to stay with her always and protect
her, and yet an amazing strength too.  He could have talked to her for hours. 
He didn't want to get back in his car and drive away.  He didn't want to leave
her. Ever. He sensed that she needed him and he wanted to be there for her. 
There was sexiness about her mixed with innocence that made him want to reach
out and touch her.  "I did the work, you choose the place."  He flushed her a
smile as he snapped back into reality.  Her face lit up and her eyes danced
mischievously.  "I think I can figure out something."  Would it be too much to
ask how to contact you?  Phone number, email address, smoke signals, whatever is
best for you" she joked.  "I prefer carrier pigeon, but I don't suppose you have
any of those" he shot back.  "Got something to write on?"  "Sure."  She turned
and reached into her car and he couldn't hep but notice the taughtness of the
shiny, smooth fabric of her sweats over her ass, as she bent over.  He tired not
to stare as she rummaged through her purse.  Actually he tried not to get caught
starring.  She brought out a small notebook and a pen and handed it to him "Is
tonight goo?"  Even if he had a meeting with the Pope he would have cancelled
it.  "I think my schedule's open."  He took the notebook and scribble his name
and number.  "Anyway I can get yours?  I promise I'm not an ax murderer."  As he
handed it back to her.  "I never give out my home number, but I'll give you my
cell number."  She took the notebook back and ripped out a page and scribbled
down her info.  She tore off the page and handed it back to him.  "I'll call you
later this afternoon after I thing of a place.  Is eight tonight good for you?" 
"Sounds great.  I'll be looking forward to your call."  "Thank you again for
your help."  "Thank you again for the invitation, I'm glad I stopped."  "Ditto"
she said as she got back into her car.  She turned her head and rolled the
window all the way down.  "I'll call you later" and with a wink she pulled out
into traffic her hair blowing in the breeze.




Lawyers In Love - Part 3

The phone rang bout found and the caller ID was not the same number that she had
given.  Was she really that dumb or did she just not care?  "Hello."  "Hi Jack,
this is Wendy, remember me?"  "How could I forget/" The date was set for eight
at a place he knew where Caribbean music and tiki torches were the theme.  He
had heard it was a fun place but he had not yet visited.  The anticipation
welled up inside him as he readied himself for the date. 

She turned off into his neighborhood.  Directory assistance was such a useful
thing sometimes.  They say that curiosity killed the cat, but then again she
wasn't a cat was she.  She turned onto his street and started to read the house
numbers.  There it was on the left.  Nice house, not to huge or flashy.  Nicely
kept lawn, but then again, he said he had only been in town for three weeks. 
She could see stacks of boxes through the front window.  No window coverings on
the upstairs windows.  In her opinion, it definitely needed a woman's touch. 
There was his car in the garage.  Definitely the correct place.  She sped up a
little as to not look obvious.  She thought she'd take a walk downtown to kill a
little time before the date.  She pointed her car back towards the highway.

He arrived fifteen minutes early at the restaurant.  He had known exactly where
it was, but better safe than sorry.  He could smell a sweet scent on the warm
evening breeze.  To say he was nervous was an understatement.  He was usually
calm and confident.  That was with everyone but potential dates.  He had never
considered himself gorgeous but when he was good looking but still always felt
awkward around the opposite sex if it was someone that he wasp pursuing.  He
looked around him.  The sun was just setting and the sky was magnificent hue of
magentas, blues and yellows.  The evening was warm but comfortable.  The outdoor
patio had  steel drum band playing a bad rendition of Jimmy Buffet's
Margaritaville.  Festive plants hung everywhere and tiki torches lined the
outskirts of the stone floor.  The people seemed moderately dressed and the
servers wore tropical print shirts and khaki shorts and skirts.  A waterfall
fountain bubbled merrily in the corner almost drowned out by the pinging of the
steel drums.

She arrived at five till eight.  He spied her red Honda turning into the parking
lot.  He quickly slid into the lobby so he wouldn't look too eager.  A minute
later she was standing beside him.  "Been waiting long?" she asked.  "No, I just
got here a minute ago.  You look great!"  She looked wonderful, bare legged, in
sandals, a short white denim skirt and a light green blouse open at the neck. 
She had just enough make up on to highlight her features, and her skin glowed in
the soft lighting of the lobby.

"On time" she thought "that's another gold star."  He looked good.  Clean shaven
and well groomed -- no dirt under the fingernails.  A little trick she had
learned from her mother.  If a man takes care of his nails it is a safe bet that
he has good hygiene.  Upon closer inspection, she later thought she spotted a
manicure not too long ago.  He wore a button down shirt and khaki slacks. 
Loafers with no socks.  No jewelry that she could see except for his watch.  The
bulge in his right front pocket was either cigarettes or a cell phone.  She
hoped for the later.  She couldn't see herself dating a smoker. 

They were seated getting the last table on the patio.  This was a good thing,
but also bad as the volume of the bank kept conversation to a minimum.  She
ordered a strawberry margarita and he got the house ale which the waiter talked
him into.  Micro brews are very stylish these days.  She could see him flinch
every time he took a sip and she finally suggested he order a regular beer and
he gratefully obliged.  They sat and listened to the music and watched the
people gyrate on the small dance floor.  The band was actually pretty good and
the people were fun to watch.  There was always one in every crowd.  This crowd
had a three hundred pound balding man probably in his mid forties that thought
he was John Travolta in Saturday Night Fever.  He wore a light weight shirt that
he looked like he was about to explode out of and loud plaid shorts.  They
giggled and laughed watching him jerk and move.  He finally got up the courage
to ask her to dance.  He was never much of a dancer but the mood, music and
alcohol was talking over.  They got on the dance floor and she didn't think he
was half bad.  He thought that she was marvelous.  Murphy's Law was in full
effect and the next song was a slow one.  They started to go back to their table
when she grabbed his and said "why stop now."  She led him back onto the dance
floor.  He held her unsure of where to put his hands.  He finally settled on
across her shoulder and the small of her back.  He breathed in her perfume.

She felt the most relaxed she had felt in a very long time.  Maybe it was the
margaritas.  He somehow made her feel very comfortable and safe.  It was like
she had known him for a lifetime.  He moved gracefully on the dance floor as
they swayed back and forth to the beat.  She could tell he was nervous, but that
was all right because she was too.  Wendy took her cue from him and closed her
eyes and rested her head against his chest as he held her just a little tighter. 
It seemed years since she had, had this kind of human contact.  A touch, a
closeness, a warmth which enveloped her all over.  She didn't want the moment to
end, but of course it did.  The song ended and the band took a break.  They
returned to their table and ordered a fresh round of drinks.  Her palms felt
sweaty and she hoped he didn't notice her nervousness.  He excused himself and
went to the restroom, and when he returned, she noticed that he slid his chair
little closer to her s he sat down.

Jack sat back and looked at her.  He gazed deeply into her eyes.  She looked
back at him, holding his gaze and he saw in eyes what she must have seen in his. 
It was a mirrored reflection of a current so strong that it was almost physical. 
Was he imagining it?  Was he in love?  He had never believed in the love at
first sight garbage.  More like lust at first sight.  Was he falling for her? 
They had been together only three times fro a total of about tow hours.  Only
tow of which she remembered.  Was she pretty?  Not like a fashion model or a
movie star.  Unlike classic prettiness, hers wasn't predictable.  Her features
were more interesting, constantly changing with her mood.  Hers was the kind of
face that you could gaze at forever, or at least until you figured out what in
hell you just couldn't take your eyes of if her.  He hadn't.  It was
extraordinary, as unadorned as she was, she really was beautiful.  She had
looked plain at first, but he had slowly realized that there was a great deal
more to her.  Her features were beautiful, her eyes remarkable, her skin
exceptional, and putting it all together, it made someone very special.  A faint
line of thought suddenly creased her smooth forehead, like a breeze ruffling the
undisturbed surface of a small pond.  "Do you play darts?" she asked.  "Sure,
but it's been a long time."  "I know just the place, lets go." They finished
their drinks, he signed the credit card slip and they walked to the parking lot
hand in hand.  He felt like a teenager going to the prom.

It had been decided that he would drive.  That was fine with her.  She was
already feeling the effects of the alcohol.  She was also feeling a tingling
deep within her, a warm dampness between her legs.  They chatted as he drove
holding hands on the center console.  She impulsively pulled his hand over into
her lap.  He looked at her a gave a slight smile.  "He has a cute smile" she
thought.  She like the way his face looked when he smiled. It gave him a more
sensuous look with little wrinkles by the corners of his eyes.  They talked some
more as they drove.  They had similar upbringings and values.  She from New York
and he from Chicago.  They were both lawyers.  She had never thought that he was
an attorney.  He just didn't look the part.  Maybe a contractor or someone who
worked outdoors.  She directed as he drove, pointing with her left hand where he
had to turn, separating their grasp.  His had fell to her bare leg just above
her knee sending a shiver up her spine.  They pulled into the parking area and
he got out, coming around to open her door for her.  That was the third time and
she really like it.  The bar was crowded and loud, a stark difference from the
relaxing setting they had just left.  Smoke hung in the air and the floor was
sticky with the remnants of many spilled drinks.  They drifted over to an open
dart board, ordered some drinks from the waitress, and started to play.  Neither
of them were any good, and after a few rounds of drinks, hitting the dart board
at all was tougher for Wendy.  They were having a wonderful time and it seemed
like they had known each other for much longer than a day.  He had a plan.  "Any
good a pool?" as he motioned over to the pool tables.  "I'm awful, but I
couldn't do any worse than I am here" she whimpered her best whiny voice.  "I
can teach you how, you'll be a pro in no time flat."  He watched her uncross her
legs and get up.  They walked hand in hand over to an unoccupied table and he
put some quarters in.  They decided to share a pool cue.  Jack got nothing on
the break which earned him a skeptical look.  Her shot was a scratch and he made
a ball in on his next shot.  "Let me show you" he said with an air of authority. 
"I'm a really good teacher."  "I can be a really bratty student" she said with a
mischievous grin.  "Terrible in fact."  He showed her how to hold the cue,
getting behind her and wrapping his arms around her and putting his hands on
hers.  She made the shot and the ball went in, but he didn't let go.  He turned
her around gently, looked into her eyes and hissed her.  She returned the kiss
with vigor, her tongue darting out of her mouth and into his.  They continued
the kiss for about a minute, finally breaking it off.  "That was your reward for
making it in."  "I thought that I was rewarding you for teaching me.  Care to
teach me anything else?" she replied.  They finished their game and finished the
evening making out in a corner table like tow teenagers in love.  That's exactly
how they felt.

Last call was announced.  "I don't want this date to end"  Wendy sighed. "Who
says it has too" Jack replied stroking her cheek.  She touched his hand and then
held it.  "Where to then?" she asked.  "Its a surprise" he said with a crooked
smile.

They made a stop before they were on their way to the unknown destination.  He
walked out of the Walgreens with a bag in his hand.  She had waited in the car
at his request, thinking of where the evening was going to take her.  He had
gotten back into the car, pulled a sleep mask out of the bag and took it from
its package and told her that she was going to need to be blindfolded for the
next part of the date.  She felt very vulnerable as they drove down the road to
where she didn't know where.  She felt she could trust this man and she couldn't
explain why.  She had noticed that he had slowed down drinking much earlier in
the evening, but she hadn't.  She was having a good time and the alcohol has
loosened her up quite a bit.  They talked as they drove, be he would give no
indication as to where they were headed.  She held his hand tightly partly out
of nervousness, and partly because she needed the contact with him.  The radio
played softly and he stroked her thumb with his.  It seemed like they had been
driving for a long time.  The whole situation was arousing her.  Was it he or
the blindfold?  Or both?  She could feel the wetness growing between her legs
and she hoped that he couldn't smell her cent.  She wanted to touch herself. 
She wanted Jack to touch her.  She wanted anyone to touch her!  Her nipples were
hard as pebbles.  She rubbed the back of his hand against her left breast,
stroking his knuckles over her swollen nipple, letting out a moan in the
process.

He was surprised by her, but he wasn't disappointed.  He knew she was hot and
bothered.  He could smell her excitement.  The blindfold was doing its work of
turning her sensations inward.  She dropped his hand and he continued to caress
her breast with his knuckles.  The turning his hand over he kneaded her breast
with his hand.  She put her head back and breathed heavily.  He could see her
nipples sticking out through the fabric of her shirt.  He gave her nipple a
light tweak ensuing another gasp.  He reached up and ran his index finger behind
her ear and down her neck, then tracing the outline of her ear.  He ran it down
her cheek and across her lips and eagerly sucked it into her mouth.  He pulled
it out after she had sucked it for bit and grabbed her hand again.  "we're here"
he said parking the car.  "Don't touch the blindfold."  "What are you doing to
me" she exclaimed.  "I'm never like this!"  "It looks like you are tonight" he
said as he got out of the car.  "I'm coming around to get your door.  No
peeking."

She heard a rustle of the plastic bag he had bought earlier, and she heard his
door open.  She knew where she was as soon as she smelled the outside air.  It
was thick with a salt and seaweed aroma.  He came around and helped her out. 
She could her the waves breaking on the shore.  "Where are we."  "At the beach
of course, seemed like a wonderful night to go to the beach."  "I know we are at
the beach, I can hear the ocean, but which one?"  He stood behind her wrapping
his arms around her and grabbing her hands and crossing them across her chest
like she was giving herself a hug.  When she turned her head, he kissed her
softly at first, and then deeply.  He pulled her tightly against him and she
could feel his erection in her back.  He spun her around holding her arms down
at her sides.  He kissed her some more and she rubber her body against him as
their tongues explored the insides of one another's mouths.  She heard rustle as
he picked up the bag where he had dropped it.  He led her slowly along and she
felt said under her feet.  They were much closer to the water now and he told
her to wait while he left for a minute.  He came back and took her hand and led
her closer to the water.  He stopped her and removed the blindfold and saw a
blanket spread out on the sand with candles flicker all around it.  She couldn't
believe it.  He sat down and pulled her down next to him.  They spent the next
half hour lounging around talking softly in between kissing and caressing one
another.  She looked at him with an intense glaze.  They her arm raised in a
graceful arc and pulled him down on top of her.  They undressed each other
slowly, mouths and fingertips stopping when they cared too.  For a long time
they lay in a cocoon of touching, exploring, sounds that weren't animal but not
quite words.  His mouth on her nipple, his fingers grazing between her thighs,
his hands touching her wetness, her hips and body twisting to him.  Warm skin,
thick clean hair against his face.  Moments of suspended time, the absence of
haste, the banishment of their inhibitions and anything else that was present in
the daylight.  Perhaps an hour passed before he was inside her.  Even that felt
different.  Especially that.  Her stomach and hips rose, pressing against him as
if desperate to pull him inside, to touch as much shin with her shin as she
could.  When they moved together it was without hesitation, subtle changes in
rhythm passing between them without words, suddenly faster, almost desperate,
until she shuddered violently as their mouths found each other and half of a cry
escaped from her throat as she pressed her hips tighter against his.  Afterwards
neither spoke.  It was as if their bodies had learned something that their minds
did not yet know.  Neither wanted to spoil that.  Neither wanted to say a thing. 
They held each other close, both wrapped in the blanket.  The dawn was
spectacular, early morning clouds streaking the sky in dark gray tufts, the sun
highlighting the underbelly an intense rose shade.




Lawyers in Love - Part 4

This is an ongoing story with over 200 pages

A story by  JRN for the wife he adores...

Monday morning she say at her desk, but she couldn't concentrate on anything. 
Anything besides him.  He has called yesterday afternoon and they talked for
hours.  She even admitted driving by his house to him.  He in turn told Wendy
about seeing her at the restaurant.  She was crazy about him as he was her.  She
thought he was going to go into shock, when she slipped the blindfold back on
and slid his hands between her legs.  She could feel the warmth growing inside
her again.  No time for that now she thought, she had work to do.  The blindfold
was on the nightstand beside her bed.  She had slept with it on last night
having all sorts of erotic dreams.  They were going out again tonight, t his
time for dinner.  They had wanted to spend yesterday together, but they both
agreed that they needed the rest and if they met, that was the last thing they
would get.  She looked at the clock, five minutes had past since the last time
she had looked.  It seemed like hours.  Her secretary buzzed her on the
intercom.  Her next client had arrived.  Back to work.

He sat in his home office and drank his third cup of coffee of the morning.  It
was the only room in his house that was even close to unpacked.  He looked onto
the hallway at the wall of boxes that covered one full side.  When he had signed
for his belongings with the movers, the box count had been a few over five
hundred.  Three hundred of these had been opened and rummaged through for this
or that, but maybe fifty had been totally unpacked.  The new house was exactly
what he had waited.  Three bedrooms upstairs, one being a master suite, and one
he could use for an office.  Living room, dining room, kitchen, laundry off the
kitchen which he really liked.  Full basement that was a rare thing in this area
because of the water table.  Two car garage with a patio and pool in the back
yard rounded it off.  And of course a seven foot privacy fence around the back
yard.  Back yard wasn't really a good term, there was no grass at all in back,
just the wooden deck and the concrete around the pool.  The lot sized down here
were smaller than he was used to, but the less you have, the less you have to
take care of.  Most of his neighbors had lawn services that came and took care
of their yards, but for the half hour it took him to mow it, even in the heat of
the day, he really couldn't justify paying someone else to do it.  Jack looked
over the front of his property and ran jus hand through his hair.  He flipped
through the TV channels another time to see if he could catch the weather for
tonight.  There was really no reason for this, the weather had been almost
exactly the same since he had arrived.  Up to the low nineties every day with
high humidity.  Rain and thunderstorms every afternoon or early evening to cool
things off and then lows around seventy overnight.  Was this paradise, or was he
living in an oven?  The summers and autumns were tough but the rest of the year
made up for it from what the Realtor had said.  Being able to swim in the pool
year round was a definite plus.  He didn't thing that he would ever get used to
the idea of Christmas lights on palm trees, or listening to carols while it is
still eighty degrees outside.  He couldn't believe that this was happening to
him.  Things like this just didn't happen to him.  She was the most intriguing
women that he had ever met.  That mix of serious and sensuous.  Playful yet
intelligent.  Experienced and innocent.  Something just wasn't right.  She had
everything that he looked for in a woman.  She had things he had never dared to
look for.  What was he thinking with the blindford?  If she knew of his kinky
side, it could have screwed it all up.  But she had enjoyed it and become
hotter.  And that made her hotter to him also.  The connection they had made was
one that he never wanted to be broken.  They had talked about everything from
religion to children yesterday on the phone.  He was usually casual and just
thought people could take him as he is.  He was actually nervous about tonight. 
He was already trying to decide what to wear even thought they weren't meeting
for another ten hours.  The minutes seemed to be hours.  He had to keep busy or
this day was going to take forever.  Time to start unpacking some more boxes.

He wasn't early this time.  He decided that promptness was the way to go and he
arrived in front of her townhouse and seven o'clock on the dot.  He had actually
been parked up the street for twenty minutes.  The building was nice.  They all
were.  There had to be a hundred or so of them.  There were six units per
building and the complex looked very clean.  It was pink.  Why was everything
down here pink?  He had heard that the color schemes got even stronger in the
southern part of the state.  He pulled his car to the curb and went up to her
door.  Everything look straight, fly up, breath mint.  Here goes.  He buzzed her
intercom and waited for her reply.

She called down on the intercom and told him that the door was open and she
would be down in a few minutes.  He tried the handle and went in.  The front
hall was a red tile floor with a chair and a small table with a lamp on it. 
There was a painting of a beautiful field of flowers on the wall opposite the
stairs.  He looked down the hall to what appeared to be the kitchen.  To his
right was the living room.  He walked through the archway and surveyed the room. 
Nicely furnished.  Typical living room.  Couch, sofa, chair, entertainment
center.  It was tastefully done, but not as girlie as he had expected.  Coffee
table, end tables and a secretary desk, all in a honey colored wood to match the
entertainment center.  The colors were mostly earth tones that matched the
prints on the wall.  He sat down on the sofa to wait, nervously clutching the
flowers he had brought for her.  He couldn't believe he was still nervous.  The
thought of sneaking upstairs to surprise her crossing his mind, but he decided
against it.

She looked into the mirror and was pleased with the reflection she saw.  Wendy
ended up staying later at the office than she had planned, but didn't want to
push the date back.  She wanted to see him as soon as possible.  Rushing around
like a chicken with its head cut off wasn't her favorite thing to do, but she
had weighed it out in her mind and decided it was worth it.  You would think she
was meeting the president for all the care she was taking in preparation for
this evening.  She wanted everything to be perfect.  She walked over to her bed
and opened the drawer in the nightstand.  Which one to take?  The two blindfolds
lay side by side along with her other toys.  Should she be boring and take her
own fleece lined leather blindfold, or should she take the sleep mask that they
had used the other night and let him think that the kinkiness was his idea?  He
was bound to find out eventually.  Putting the blindfold in the purse, she
turned and checked over the final details in the mirror and started out into the
hall.

Jack heard her coming down the stairs and jumped up and went to the edge of the
room to greet her.  The first thing he saw was a pair of legs encased in dark
stockings ending in black high heels.  She looked dazzling, wearing a black silk
cocktail dress cut just above the knee, a single strand of pearls wound her neck
and long pearl earrings.  Her shoulders were bare and the dress seemed to be
molded to her body showing off every line and shape of her curvy frame.  Her
arms were strong, but not out of proportion to the rest of her body.  The tall
heels shaped her legs nicely.  Strong calves tapering down to slender ankles and
feet.  She clutched a small black purse with a chain strap.  He was awed.  He
greeted her at the bottom of the stairs with a kiss and handed her the flowers. 
"You look magnificent, these are for you."  "Thank you."  Sorry that I was
running a little behind schedule."  "That's okay, you'll be punished later" he
said with a wink.  "You promise?" she replied giving him her best flirtatious
look.  "Shall we go?"  He walked her to the car and opened the door for her. 
"Thank you."  He watched her legs as she got in and wondered if a garter belt
was hiding beneath the black silk.

They chatted about how their days had gone in the way to the restaurant and the
air between them was electric.  The restaurant was cozy.  The dim lighting
accentuated by the flickering candles on each table gave a romantic feel.  They
ordered some wine and made small talk as they waited for the server to come back
and take their order.  Their zodiac signs were compatible and they agreed to
someday have their palms read just for fun.  They started with cheese fondue and
it was delicious.  The main course consisted of an assortment of meats and
vegetables to dip in the boiling oil.  It was more than either of them could eat
in a week.

Jack gazed across the table at her.  She looked content and had a dreamy look in
her eyes as she popped another shrimp into her mouth.  He smiled at the feeling
that came over him just watching her.  She had a sparkle in her eye that told
him the evening was still young.

She was as impressed as ever.  He opened her door for her, pulled out her chair,
and did the ordering for them.  He even stood up when she left to got o the
restroom.  She had always dated a decent class of men, but she wasn't used to
being treated like this.  She decided that she liked it.  He had said that he
had a surprise in store for her tonight.  What was it?  He excused himself to
got the restroom as the waitress was clearing away the main course, and when he
came back he sat on her side of the booth.  She grabbed his arm and nuzzled up
next to him.  "I'm having such a wonderful time tonight."  She said.  "So am I. 
Is it the food or the company?" he said with a big grim on his face.  "Obviously
the food" she shot back.  "I don't think that I could eat another bite."  "You
have to same room for dessert." And what kind of dessert do you have planned?" 
She said seductively.  "Well, it does come with the meal. But I wouldn't argue
about having seconds on dessert later."  "Does this 'seconds' you speak of have
anything to do with the surprise that you alluded to earlier?"  "Well, if I told
you it wouldn't surprise."  "You're no fun! I hate not knowing, but I do love
surprises.  I brought my blindfold" she said, staring him dead in the eyes. 
"will that get me a hint?"  He didn't flinch "How thoughtful of you, but you're
still going to have to wait."  She tried to pout, but it turned into a giggle. 
She was having so much fun, it was like being twenty-one again.  She had tried
to fluster him with the blindfold comment but to no avail.  She was falling for
this guy and there was nothing she could do about it.  There was nothing she
wanted to do about it.

The chocolate fondue came and they took turns feeding each other marshmallows,
pound cake and fruit dipped in the scrumptious chocolate.  He ordered coffee for
them afterwards and they sipped it as they listened to the string quartet play a
soft collection of romantic music.  She let her mind wander as they quietly
chatted.  Was this surprise of a sexual nature?  She couldn't believe how
aroused she was just being with him.  Maybe chocolate was the ultimate
aphrodisiac.

Jack paid the bill and they exited the restaurant.  The valet brought the car
around and Jack opened the door for her as the valet got out and came around for
his tip.  She got in and thanked him.  "Lets have that blindfold."  "Now?" was
her startled reply.  "Yes," She started to protest, but didn't want to make a
scene in front of the valet who was standing by the rear door waiting for Jack
to get in.  She opened her purse and pulled out the sleep mask and handed it to
him.  "No more seeing for a little while" he said as he slid it over her head
being careful not to mess up her hair or makeup.  She blushed knowing the valet
was standing there watching the whole thing.  She reached blindly to put on her
seatbelt but he stopped her hands and did it for her.  He closed the door after
giving her a peck on the cheek, tipped the valet and got in the car.  "Where are
we going now?"  "In a hurry to get somewhere?"  "Maybe and little embarrassed?" 
"Not a bit, we could sit here all night." but he could see the flush on her
usually vanilla shin.  They drove off as he took her hand and gave it a squeeze
before holding it.  "What happened to my hint?"  "we're going for a ride."  "I
figured that out.  Where are we going?" "that's all you get."  He put his hand
behind her neck and massaged it a little then started to play with her hair as
he steered the car with the other hand,  His hand moved its way down her bare
shoulder and arm, stroking her shin softly the whole way until he took her hand
again.

She was sober this time, but the sensations were the same.  She could feel the
all too familiar butterflies in her stomach and the warmth growing between her
legs.  She thought that she had been aroused during dinner but now she was
really hot.  There was no way that he wasn't coming home with her tonight.  She
had told herself that it was a work day tomorrow and she had to be in court
early in the morning so no hanky panky tonight.  Her plans had changed now.  She
slid her hand slowly down her leg a little bit at a time.  Her fingers reached
the hem of her skirt and she pulled it up slightly.

He was having a hard time keeping his eyes on the road.  Did she think she was
being sneaky, or was she trying to turn him on?  Which ever it was it was
working.  He was turned on.  She had brought the blindfold on her own.  This
girl was a kinky one, maybe as kinky as he was.  Even more than he was?  He
doubted it.  Time would tell.  He watched her hand as it eased closer, and
closer to her crotch.  The tips of her fingers were now under her dress.   Just
as he thought her hand reached pay dirt, he grabbed her wrist.  "Starting the
party without me my dear?" he said as he pulled her hand back into her lap.  She
sighed deeply.  "I'm sorry" He wrapped his hand around both her wrists and held
them snugly in place.  "Let's see if I can keep these out of mischief until we
get where we're going."  "Please!" she whined.  She squirmed for a bit, but
after a while she gave in and settled down.  "Its for your own good you know. 
What perfectly respectable girl rides around in a car masturbating?"  "Who said
I'm a respectable girl" she purred.  "You just hold that thought til later,
we're here now."  He released her hands and one shot up to remove the blindfold. 
He grabbed her hands and held them again.  "That stays on for now."

He helped her out of the car and they took a short walk.  She heard him whisper
something to someone and then he held her arm as she climbed three stairs and
then onto a platform that sagged a bit as she stepped on it.  She was very
confused and had no idea where she was.  He sat next to her and put his arm
around her.  She felt the platform sag again.  "Do you know where you are?"  She
could feel his hot breath in her ear as he whispered to her.  "Not a clue"  She
felt a jolt and she heard the sound of hooves on pavement.  "how about now?" as
he tugged the sleep mask from her eyes.  As her vision returned to her she began
to take in her surroundings, but she already knew where she was.  A handsome
cab.  The carriage was beautiful.  It was all polished black and chrome with
supple black leather upholstery.  The driver was a young woman in her early
twenties wearing a tuxedo with tails and a top hat.  She turned and flashed a
smile at them.  Her horses were strong and muscular.  They were both a deep
chestnut color with black manes and cropped tails which twitched back and forth
as they trotted along.  The evening was warm with a light breeze blowing and the
stars were still shinning radiantly despite the bright lights of the city.  A
half moon just coming above the horizon glowed in the distance.  They were
downtown and the sound of the horses hooves on the pavement echoed off of the
old buildings.  "This is wonderful." she squealed.  "Thank you so much!"  She
leaned into him and kissed him on the cheek.  He turned his head and his lips
met hers.  The kiss lasted several minutes ad he sucked and caressed her lips
with his and then her tongue darted into his mouth wrestling with hers.

They parted the kiss and Jack sat back with a smug smile on his face.  "Will
this do for a little after dinner entertainment?" "As long as I can plan the
after, after dinner entertainment." "I'm so hit right now, you don't even know"
she purred into his ear.  "Maybe I do" he winked and casually put his hand on
her stocking encased thigh.  He rested his hand for a moment and then asked the
driver for a blanket.  "Under the seat" she replied.  He took the blanket and
shoot it out and placed it over their laps.  His hand then snaked under the
blanket and into her thigh.  "Not going to try and stop me?"  "Try to stop
what?" she smiled and turned her head away to look at the sites going by.  Her
hand grabbed his and pressed it again her panties.  They were lace and very
damp.  Her hand retreated but remained.  He stroked the outline of her labia
through her panties, his hand sliding over the slick material.  His hand moved
over and rubbed the tender flesh of her inner thigh, his index finger tracing
the top of her stocking until it got to the suspender for her garter belt. 
"Just as I thought" he mused.  He gave the elastic strap a little snap and her
head spun back around towards him.  "Hey, what's that for?"  "You were ignoring
me" he said.  "No, you are ignoring me!" and her fingers grabbed his and pushed
them back to the heat between her legs.  She smiled at him with a wink, her eyes
shining brightly the reflection of the passing lights.  He saw a gleam of her
white teeth as her tongue came out of her mouth and licked her glossy lips. 
"What's in it for me?" he asked coyly.  "Me, of course" she replied.

The horses clomped along as his fingers slipped beneath her panties and gently
spread her lips.  She let out a small, barely audible gasp as his finger entered
her.  It felt so good.  She closed her eyes and pursed her lips as she felt it
start to explore around inside her.  She was soaking wet.  His finger probed and
swirled as she felt her face becoming flushed. It brushed over her clitoris and
then again.  She felt another finger enter her and suddenly they were squeezing
her love button for either side.  First just a little pinch and then a slight
tug.  Her hand again covered his, this time pushing it harder into her.  His
fingers twirled and stroked.  She felt the pinch again and then he started
rubbing again.  First very slowly and then faster and faster.  Her intensity
grew as the speed of his fingers did.  She started to shift her hips to try and
put more pressure on her clit.  She came with a rush that she hadn't felt in
years.  Her head spun and she had to bite her lip to keep from screaming.  Her
hips bucked and her breathing changed to almost nothing.

Wendy didn't even remember the rest of the ride.  The carriage ride that is. 
The orgasm, or orgasms, she wasn't sure if she had several in a row or one long
one, she would never forget the rest of her life.  The driver had turned around
briefly because she had made so much noises in the end.  She didn't care, shoe
couldn't have helped herself stay quiet if she had wanted too.  He hadn't
stopped and it just went on and on.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J Nelson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





