BDSM Library - The White Dress




The White Dress
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young sub gives total power to her Dom and his friends.
The White Dress
By: Heather M.K. Williams



       It was getting dark.  I had followed his orders to the letter.  I woke up
that day, showered, put on a thin loose white dress that went off the shoulders,
a white lace strapless push up bra and matching g string underneath.  I wore no
stocking or garters, my tan legs ended with the high heeled sandals that he
picked out for the day.  My hair was as he requested, a high pony tail on top of
my head, around my neck a small white gold choker I was very fond of.  My make
up was subtle, no traces of the usually dark whore make up I wore for him.  I
looked natural, sweet, innocent.  No one who looked at me saw anything but a
good girl, who would never consent to being raped, let alone long for it. I
smiled to myself and felt my cunt get wet for the millionth time that day. 

	I started my day at the bakery, as directed.  Then it was on to the
park, and then the mall. At the park, I was sure someone was watching me, I
could feel it but couldn't find anyone who I thought was part of this scene.  I
had one scare at the mall. I was walking out the bathrooms and a man ran into
me, copping a feel up my dress.  I started to panic and he just let me go and
walked on by.  I wasn't sure he was planted, but I had feeling he was. Even so,
the encounter scared me a bit, but it also aroused me.  After I left the mall, I
did errands for him, picked up his dry cleaning, ordered his new computer chair,
and the last stop before the zoo was at the sex shop, where he had me buy myself
a larger dildo.  I was instructed to rub a few different ones lovingly before I
purchased one, people looked at me as  I stroked the fake cocks.  What a
contradiction, me in my virginal white dress, playing adoringly with various
sized dildos, finally finding the right one, I kissed the head and winked at the
man next to me.  That wasn't an order, but it was fun to see the look on his
face. 

	Now here I was, sitting by the lions cage sipping ice tea.  The zoo
would be closing soon and the sun was beginning to settle into the sky for the
night.  I started to wonder if this was going to happen at all.  I finished my
ice tea and walked around some more.  I was checking out the penguins when a man
brushed against me.
	"Oh sorry" I said politely, trying to move for him.  I was against the
railing and he wasn't moving, just pressing into me. I looked at the man
confused. Then I felt it, the cold sharp blade of a knife pressed against the
small of my back, a whole already torn through the flimsy dress, allowing me to
feel him lightly scratching me with the tip of the blade.  I started breathing
fast, was I sure I wanted this, now was my last chance to back out. 
	"It's all right, you should just walk in front of me and be quiet ..."
He leaned in, I felt his breath on my ear as he whispered "Whore". It sent
chills up my spine.  I did as he said, I walked out of the penguin house and
towards the zoo exits. 
	"NO..go behind the rest rooms, and don't open your fucking mouth" He
poked me with the knife hard, making me flinch.  I felt the tears welling up in
my eyes and I blinked them away.  Once behind the restrooms, he held the knife
to my throat and began feeling me.  He roughly put his fingers up my cunt and
ass, laughing at my moan of discomfort.  Then he had me lick them clean. He put
the knife away and warned me he could always use his hands to hurt me.  He
ordered me to take off the bra and throw it in the trash bin.  I did.  He pulled
down the top of my dress, exposing my breasts to whom ever choose to walk by, he
grabbed at my breasts roughly, pulling on them, one then the other.
	"Little Slut...you need a big hard cock" He said crudely, his voice
excited at the thought.  I said no, and he twisted my breast so hard I couldn't
stop the tears.  Finally he let go and I looked at him gratefully. He said
nothing just pulled my dress back on my shoulders and grabbed my arm leading me
out of the zoo. 

	Once in the parking lot he told me to walk ahead of him, so he could
watch me walk he said.  It was creepy, I looked around at the near empty lot,
where was my Dom?..I knew this man was an extension of him, but I was beginning
to need to see the face of the man I loved, just to be sure.  I walked slowly
and ignored his comments on my ass and legs.  My blood was racing through my
veins, I was scared.  I knew I'd be a little nervous, but I was really scared. 
My head was swimming, while we had talked in depth about what I wanted and what
he wanted from this, I had given him final say on everything.  From how many
people would be involved, to what would be done to me, within my limits.  Only
we had been pushing my limits lately and I was excited by it.  I agreed to let
him push me if he saw fit. I trusted him completely with my body and mind.  I
just needed to see him, to feel his eyes on me, to know he was there and then
maybe I could relax a little. 

	We reached the van and he opened the back door.  There were two men with
masks on waiting for me.    The man from the zoo told me to get in, I was
shaking as I climbed in. Once inside, the man on the left grabbed me by my hair,
forcing me on my knees in front of him.  He didn't say anything, he just opened
his pants revealing an unfamiliar cock.   
	"Suck on it Whore" He ordered.  I began to panic, I tried to pull away
and began struggling hard.  I didn't care if he ripped my hair out by the roots,
I didn't want to suck his cock.  He slapped me making me dizzy, then the man
behind me grabbed both arms and tied them tightly behind me.  Leaving only my
legs free to kick at them.  I felt the heel of my shoe smash into the half naked
mans shin.  He yelled out and grabbed my throat, stopping me as I was about to
kick him again.  I choked, and struggled for breath. 
	"Fucking Cunt! In case you didn't notice, there are three of us.  Do you
really think you have any chance at getting free?" He and the other man laughed
at the absurdity of my behavior.  I began to cry.  They were right, what could I
do?  He again grabbed my hair, this time not stopping to give me a chance to do
or say anything, he shoved his cock in my mouth, smothering my cries.  I gagged
immediately, and my head was sharply pushed down, gagging me even more.  I felt
hands behind me, reaching up my dress, fingers fucking my wet cunt while this
stranger fucked my face.  He pulled his cock out of my mouth and shot his load
on my face.  I felt the hot cum dripping over my eyes and nose, running onto my
lips.  He told me to lick my lips like good slut.  I did, and for the first
time, I was really getting into being raped.    I licked and smiled at him.  He
patted my head, running his hands through my long blonde pony tail, he roughly
took it out.  My hair fell around my shoulders as I finished licking him off my
lips. 
	"Now him.." He said referring to the other masked man.  I turned to the
other man, I hadn't really looked at him until now.  I was face to face with his
cock, my cock, I looked up and there were his eyes, he was with me.  I was so
happy , I sucked greedily.  His orgasm was brought on quickly, and he too added
his load to my face.  When he was done, he reached down and ripped the G-string
off me, shoving it in my mouth to gag me.  He then tied a rope around my mouth
securing the small gag, the ropes rubbing painfully on my face and head as I
tried in vain to loosen them with movement.  He just looked into my eyes,
reassuringly, lovingly.  I shut my eyes and concentrated on my breathing as he
pulled down the top of the dress and began playing with my hard nipples.  I
moaned and he pinched them, making my eyes fly wide open.  They both laughed as
he shoved me face down on the dirty floor and told me to stay still. 
	We drove about a half an hour, it was dark when we stopped.  I looked to
anyone to give me some sort of sign as to what to do.  The men got out and left
me alone for a minute.  I heard some faint talking, I heard someone refer to me
as "the cunt".  The back doors again opened and I was pulled out by my ankles,
then my hair was grabbed again to help me stand.  It was almost pitch black out,
and we were in the woods somewhere.  My heart was beating loudly.  The driver
came up to me and sort of jumped at me, I jumped back.  Again laughter. 
	"Walk" Was my only command.  I didn't know where to go.  I began trying
to walk in my sandals over branches and leaves..tripping a couple times,
struggling to get up with my hands tied.  Finally I took off the stupid shoes. I
looked back and the three men were gone. I let myself enjoy it, I wanted to try
to hide, but I figured with three of them, I had little chance of that.  I did
start to make a plan in my head, I would try to injury them with a stick held
behind me. I fell on purpose and managed to get a solid stick in my hand.  I
walked a little longer, looking back again, this time I couldn't even see the
van.  I could barely see in front of me it was so dark.  Suddenly a bright light
was in my face, I squinted and lowered my head. 
	"Look at me you fucking Pig" A deep voice said.  I looked into the
light, my eyes wide with fear. This was someone I hadn't met yet, there was a
fourth.  He kept the light shinning in my eyes.  I was shaking much more than
before.  He walked up to me and tore the top of my dress so it hung on my body. 
I moved side to side, the instinct to try to stop him a natural one.  He reached
for my breasts as I fought, grabbing my left breast, he produced a knife.  I
stopped and stayed very still. 
	"That's better you Whore" He hissed. He slapped me hard, I fell.  My leg
scrapped against something on the ground as I tried to get back up, only to be
met with his boot in my back pushing me face down over a fallen tree. He shut
his flash light off. It was again pitch black in woods.  I heard some rustling
around me, more foot steps coming towards us.  I laid still, afraid to try to
get up again.  My dress was lifted, exposing my cunt lips and ass.  I felt
someone stick something up me, I assumed it was a small stick. It was rough
inside my wet cunt, but not overly painful.  They fucked me with it for a minute
or two, leaving it sticking out of me. There was a flood of bright light around
me.  They had all their flash lights aimed at me.  I wasn't sure of anything.  I
was scared to death, I tried to imagine what was about to happen to me but I
couldn't begin to.  I was fucked, really truly fucked for the first time.  This
was so far beyond my control, I began sobbing and pleading, something I hadn't
expected to do.  This was more well planned than I could've imagined.  I felt
like I had some idea of how things would go, but I hadn't a clue.  I shut my
eyes and tried to not think about what they were saying to me and to each other. 
I felt my Dom's fingers on my ass, as if he sensed how much I was realizing the
enormity of my desires.  He seemed to know my core was shaking off little pieces
of me, with each surprise, each humiliation, I was losing myself and falling
into the rape it's self.  He firmly squeezed my ass, while he pulled out the
stick gently, taking my mind off the bark scraping my cunt.  Then without a word
he began softly rubbing my clit.  I felt relief, my mind flooded back into
feeling and further away from thinking.  Even thought he didn't speak, I could
hear him saying softly, "Just feel everything...think later, as you did before".
	The crying slowed down as he rubbed faster, my ass lifted and worked
into his fingers.  I was outside myself, I looked into the lights of the men
waiting to have me.  Moaning, wiggling, I lifted my head, feeling the last few
tears falling off my cheeks as I groaned my screaming orgasm into my gag.  I
shuddered over and over again.  He took his hands away and it was silent.  I was
almost done completely when I was attacked.  I can't say for sure who had me
first, because as soon as I finished cumming I was blindfolded.  I was fucked
hard over the tree, the bark cutting me, I could feel the sting of blood.  While
being fucked from behind my head was pulled up and my rope/G-string gag cut off
me, the knife nicking my cheek.  I felt the trickle of warm blood as a cock was
shoved in my mouth.  I could see glimmers from the flashlights under the
blindfold, making everything seem very surreal.  I tasted the bitter cum and no
sooner was it running out of my mouth and down my chin that I found another cock
replacing the first.  My cunt was fucked twice, the cum from one landed on my
back and hair.  The other came inside me, that is how I knew it was my Dom.  I
felt him running down my cunt lips to my legs and I almost came again.  After
the second one came in my mouth, I heard some movement, a few words ".. let her
run" and "..if we're not careful".  Trying not to bring attention to myself,  I
shimmied a little getting to my knees when they noticed the movement.  They
rushed over, I just felt hands on me, grabbing me roughly pulling me up
standing. 
	"Going somewhere BITCH?" My Dom said.  I shook my head no.  He took the
blindfold off and shinned his light in my eyes, blinding me again.  I started
crying and they just watched.  Someone began playing with my scratched up
breasts and nipples.  My cunt throbbed.  I fought to speak, but it was hard to
find my voice.  I looked down at the torn dress hanging off me, it was filthy,
dirt smears mixed with cum and the blood from the bark digging into my breasts,
stomach and cunt.  I licked just outside my lips to where my cheek ached from
the knife.  I heard a grunt and the light was suddenly off and I was blind for a
moment again.  I stepped back as I felt someone approaching me.  I felt my legs
turn and run, I didn't tell them to, they just did.  I must have gotten a tiny
lead on them because I heard some swearing about how fast I was going.  I knew
it wouldn't last, I couldn't see really, my hands were tied, I was weak and
tired. But I couldn't stop running, then suddenly I realized I was playing the
game. I actually smiled and went faster thinking maybe I could win this round. 
No sooner had the elation of possibility rushed over me, did I step on something
that hurt very badly, maybe a jagged rock.  I screamed out, then berated myself
for it, now they would know where I was.  I fell to the ground and pulled myself
behind a tree, rubbing the spot on my foot with my other foot, trying to relieve
the stabbing pain so I could get up again. 
	It was too late, they were on me in minutes.  Out of breath and pissed
off that their "game" had gotten away, it didn't matter that I was caught again,
they were still pissed that they had to chase me and they hadn't planned it
quiet the way it happened.  I started to beg for mercy.
	"Please...please..I'm sorry, I won't run again I promise...I was just so
scared, I didn't even mean to run..please ..." My crying eyes pleaded and then I
realized they weren't wearing masks anymore.  I couldn't really see any actual
features but they were suddenly real, not faceless men.  I was even more scared. 
A hand reached out and grabbed my choker, I had forgotten it was on, a leash was
attached to it and I was pulled back, stumbling, towards where we were to begin
with.  I had wasted all that energy for nothing.  I tried to accept that I was
broken here, that this was going to be the reality for however long they kept
me.  My stubborn streak was fighting it all the way, I fought the urge to say
things to them.  To tell which ever one of them it was, that I could barely feel
his pin dick in my mouth.  I didn't say anything but it wasn't easy to hold my
tongue even with the very real threat of what they could do to me for speaking
like that.  
	Once back to the "spot", they hooked my leash to a tree, like the bitch
I was I was told.  My Dom came over to me, I couldn't see the other guys but I
could hear them talking softly. 
	"How are you?" He asked kindly, touching my face, smoothing my wild
hair. I cried again, and he wrapped his arms around me. "Shhhhh..you are
wonderful...shhhhh it's going to be ok" He reassured me with his lips kissing
mine sweetly. 
	"It is incredible..." I began, choking on the sobs " I almost got
away.." I smiled a little and he kissed me again.
	"No you didn't Love.." He laughed softly " but you did surprise us." I
nodded and took a deep breath.  I knew deep down I couldn't have really gone
anywhere, after all I wanted this, I asked for this where would I have gone?
What could I have said? I would've given up eventually and they knew it.  But I
think we all enjoyed the chase. 
	"Now, you are going to be gagged again soon and after we are done with
you here, you and I and Rob will be going to a cabin not far away, the other two
have a car here." He turned on his light but didn't shine it in my eyes, just
held it so we could see on another. "Once we get to the cabin, Rob has all his
things for branding there, I will be branding you tonight" He watched the horror
run over my body as I shook furiously at the thought.
	"No...I can't tonight..." I was crying hard.  He held me again and
traced the spot on my back we had agreed on branding.  He lightly fingered the
soft skin and whispered in my ear all the things I needed to hear to calm down. 
I caught my breath and he kiss my forehead.  He asked me if I still wanted his
mark on my body. I said I did, but was feeling overwhelmed.  He said that is
exactly why it's perfect tonight, that this, to him was the cumulation of every
thing in both our lives up until that point.  I felt exactly the same way.  I
was strangely at ease suddenly.  Tears ran down my face as I calmly told him
that tonight was the release of every fantasy, of every fear, the release of all
my inhibitions in life and that yes, I wanted his mark.  Once I felt that
feeling of peace I wasn't afraid at all.  I welcomed their meanness and matched
it with my own.  He told me to put my lips on the tree, I did and he tied my
waist to it.  I heard the men come back while the G-string was shoved deep in my
mouth and the rope replaced.  I heard some branches breaking and a few Swishes!
Through the air.  My blood ran cold, I was about to be whipped with a switch.  I
focused on my cunt, as I was taught to do.  The pain was excruciating, but I had
over ridden it.  I enjoyed the burning pain on my ass and thighs.  Like tiny
slivers in my skin, I was acutely aware of each lash.  I just let the pain take
me away to euphoria.  When they had enough I was placed in the center of them,
the gag was removed as they stood around me intimidatingly.  The one who had
taken me from the zoo came over and leaned down.
	"Hello slave, would you like to taste my piss?" He asked, mockingly,
knowing I'd say yes.  Only first I wanted him to know who was really in control
of his fun.  I spit in his face.  His eyes got big and I heard the mumbles
resound around me.  He looked at me, the whites of his eyes showing in the
moonlight.  He spit back, over and over, holding my jaw painfully so he could
cover my face with his saliva.  Then he slapped me making me fall over.  "GET UP
WHORE!" He yelled at me.  I got back to my knees but couldn't really see him
through his spit.  I waited there for whatever he had to give me.  He walked
over to my Dom and said something, then they all came in closer to me.  I
started shaking.  I heard the zippers go down and then felt the stream of warm
piss hitting my head from behind.  Soon, it was coming at me from all
directions.  They pissed on me, completely covering me.  I held my breath trying
not to taste it or smell it.  But it was no use, I couldn't help but get some in
my mouth and the smell well..couldn't be avoided.  I didn't mind the pissing one
at a time, but there was something extra degrading about them all doing it at
once.  I was getting mad at myself for not being able to control my tears.  I
fought against crying.  
	"Well, lets see...we've used her almost completely...Almost" I heard my
Dom say, a wicked tone in his voice.  "I believe we still have her ass to use
gentlemen" With that a bucket of water was dumped over me, a lame attempt to
clean me off I thought.  But it caused goose bumps to rise on my skin and chills
to run through my body.  It was deliciously uncomfortable.  I was then promptly
bent over, my face in the semi-wet dirt.  The used my ass one by one, without so
much as the slightest regard for the pressure they were placing on my face, neck
and shoulders.  I cried and begged some more, pleading with them to let me up
and I would gladly bend over for them, just let my face off the ground.  I was
ignored and the more I begged the harder they got, so I shut up and just took
it.  After the first two, it felt like they were ripping me in half.  I was a
hole for their cocks, nothing more.  The last one was mine, he rubbed my clit,
getting me off as he came in my ass.  I was told to stay as I was.  I heard
voices saying good-byes and then the footsteps coming towards me.  I felt the
knife on my wrist as the ropes were cut off.  I massaged my wrists bring blood
back to my hands.  I looked up for permission to stand.  It was granted.
	"You are a very good slut" My Dom said proudly.  "Wouldn't you agree
Rob?" His friend nodded still looking at me lustfully. 
	"Thank you Sir" I said my eyes lowered. 
	"What are we going to do now Cunt?" He asked as he raised my chin, my
eyes meeting his.
	"You are going to brand me yours" I answered almost excited by the
words.  He smiled and took my sore hand gently leading me to the van.  I was
told to sit in the back alone and prepare myself for the branding.  I started to
focus on what it meant, and how much it meant to me and to him.  I noticed my
cunt getting wetter as I imagined having his mark on me forever.  I was letting
reality sink in, there was going to be a sign on my body saying I belonged to
him. 
	We got to the cabin. It was much bigger than I expected, more like a
house.  The lake looked beautiful with the moon so big.  I walked slowly inside. 
He lit candles and turned on some music nice and low, relaxing me immediately. 
He handed me a towel and told me to go bathe.  I hurried through the shower,
with so many little cuts and scrapes the water felt like salt.  When I got out
to the living room I was only wearing the towel.  He and his friend were sitting
having a drink while they waited.  I eyed the branding iron on the table.   
	"Come here Whore" He said affectionately.  I went and sat by his feet. 
He petted my wet hair.  "Did you get enough cock tonight?" He was teasing.  I
smiled, feeling a little embarrassed, I nodded yes.  He had me lay across them
both on my stomach.  He showed Rob where he wanted the brand and they talked a
bit about it, all while touching my body lazily.  Letting their fingers slip
inside me and out of me without demand.  Just as if they were exploring my body
even more.  I enjoyed it, my cunt loved it.  I asked for permission to cum one
more time before I was branded.  He said yes only I had to do it where I was.  I
reached under me and began playing with my clit.
	"Good Slut..cum for us..." Rob urged, his finger pumping in and out of
my ass.
	"mmmm yes Whore, show us what a cum Pig you are..." My Dom added, making
me cum with his words.  I would never stop cumming if it were possible.  I came
hard, I grunted and moaned as my hips bucked under me into my hand.  They held
me tightly on their knees watching me.  I felt a hard cock on my leg and one on
my neck.  Rob gently got up from under my legs and my Dom told me to stand up
and sit on his cock facing him.  I happily rode him until he stopped me.  I felt
Rob coming in from behind.  He put his cock up my ass, creating the most intense
sensation of being "filled".  He came very quickly, I hugged my Dom as his
friend pulled out, cumming on my ass.  Then I continued riding.  I fucked fast
and hard wanting his cum in me again.  He soon had my hair by handfuls pulling
hard meeting my trusts.  We fucked each other like this for a long time.  I had
forgotten about the branding and even about Rob being there.  It was only him
and I as we fucked.  He pushed his breath into my lungs as he came, making me
light headed.  He didn't let me go, and he didn't pull out of me.  He said he
wanted to be inside me, and holding me while I got his brand.  I pulled back
harder, scared again.  He just held me tight and kissed my neck and shoulders. 
	"I don't know if I can...I'm sorry" I said my voice breaking.
	"You will do fine, You can and you will..just hold me. As you absorb the
pain into you I will absorb you into me." He sounded confident and absolutely
sure.  He kept on kissing my hyper sensitive skin, his tongue rolling over my
flesh, taking away my worries, relaxing me. 
	"Now, you must stay completely still, I will have your arms tied around
my neck at the elbows, to help you hold still, I will also have you tied at your
waist to my chest, again to help you stay still.  And I will hold your head and
ass to me." He was still kissing and speaking very softly.  Rob came up and tied
my elbows and waist, both of us slightly leaning forward to allow the rope
around us.  I looked down at him, fear in my eyes.  He put his head against my
collar bone and kissed.  He reminded me to breathe deep and find my center.  His
fingers were so gentle.  He massaged my head making me go limp.  He asked if I
was ready and I said I was.  It was quick, the pain made my stomach go cold and
sweat broke out on my eyebrow without warning.  I tried to breathe but it hurt,
I tried to speak but it hurt, I tired to make my body move but it wouldn't, it
hurt.  He just watched my face as my silent tears fell on to him.  The ache
after was worse than the actual branding.  I was untied but I didn't move, and
neither did he.  It was the only truly religious experience I had ever had.     
	We stayed completely still for a long time, until I was done crying.  He
dressed the brand and we went to bed.  Sleeping on each other, I would've
crawled inside him if I could've.  When I woke the sun wasn't up yet and a heavy
fog had rolled over the lake.  I moved and felt the sharp pain on my back, I
smiled.  I was his. As we were leaving, I found the white dress in tatters
laying on the floor.  I picked it up.  I couldn't bring myself to throw it away,
it held too much meaning to just discard. That dress held as much meaning for me
as a wedding dress would to a bride.  He smiled sweetly at me as I walked out
ahead of him, dress in hand. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Heather2


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





