BDSM Library - Wanted Females For Cooking Lessons




Wanted Females For Cooking Lessons
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A new Human dairy and meat farm program for females to fulfill their fantasy of being a human cow on the way to being spitted and cooked.In a two week program they can have the full exciteing experience and all the rape,bdsm and torture a human cows goes through on her way to being slaughtered.
THIS STORY IS FICTION:It is only fiction. It is not meant for anything  but
entertainment. Nothing in this story is real. This story is not a about hating
women or any other person. By reading my stories this does not give you the
right to use it as a basis to harm any living person or thing. Please do not
view of my stories as a license for violence.

This author holds all god given life as being very precious. Please do not you
my stories other than their intended purpose which is fun reading. If you do not
understand the difference between fiction and reality then STOP READING AND GO
AWAY. Don't try to blame in the of your actions on me.

Thank You   PICK UP MAN




WANTED:FEMALES FOR COOKING LESSONS.
The Ultimate Fantasy.  CHAPTER ONE.

LADIES FULFILL YOUR FANTASY
HERE IS YOUR CHANCE TO BECOME
A TEMPORARY HUMAN COW.  WE WILL
MAKE YOUR FANTASY COME TRUE.
EXPERIENCE THE REAL THING.
CLASSES START SOON.
CONTACT DENTON FARMS  555-0550




Our ad came out several days ago and the response has been overwhelming.  This
is a new project I am putting together for the Farm.  The idea is one that has
been in my mind a good while but it came together at the big A.T.A. Cookout. 
Annie and Dave Jackson, two friends of several years, came to me with a
proposition that brought my plan together.  Annie is only one of a large number
of females who have expressed a desire for this type of service.

I have visited Judge Larry Wilson a long time friend and checked the legal
angles on the project and it is a go.  The Farm's lawyer brought out the Legal
Papers several days ago and my newspaper ad came out yesterday.  I am surprised
at the number of calls that I have received already.  Since there are so many I
have put Patty, my Orphan Home Foreman, to answering the calls and have placed
an ad for a girl to handle them.  I could use one of the twelve year old orphans
for this but they are more valuable as conversions to human live stock for
meat,milkers or live roasters.

This new program is like one of the old time Fantasy Football or Baseball Camps
since there are so many women that fantasize about being converted to human
livestock and being spitted and cooked alive.  The purpose of this is to allow
females and with some exceptions a few males to experience the full impact of
being a Human Cow.  For two weeks the applicants will go through the total human
cattle experience complete with restraints, breeding and the total package up to
a final barbecue and Live Cooking.  The Temp Cows, as they will be known will
not be actually cooked but will be prepared at a real Live Cook Out with their
family and friends and other guest present.  The program will be completely
realistic up to the point of actually spitting and cooking them; a number of
real cows will be barbecued instead.  This program should produce some good
revenue for the Farm and fit right into our normal operation.  We will limit the
number of women to twenty every two weeks as this number will fit into the stall
space available in the climate controlled Make Ready Barn which means very
little remodeling.  The Conversions must be maintained in a good healthy
condition even though all must sign wavers.

The contract for the Human Conversions will be for two weeks, this will be
enough time for them to live out their fantasy in full.  Only a few changes will
be made between them and real human livestock.  All the conversions will be
picked up at their home or an alternate location in one of our Human Livestock
Trailers.  At the moment they are loaded on the trailer they become Human
livestock for the next two weeks and the property of Denton Farms.  There are
limitations to the extent of their treatement.  No permanent physical damage or
no real slaughtering, and they will have all body hair shaved off except on
their head.  Real human cattle are run through a chemical wash to remove all but
head hair but this is a permanent hair removal.  The Temps will be shaved
instead.  All new real human livestock received on the farm will have their
right ear pierced with a numbered tag; the Temps will have screw down type ear
ring tags which they cannot remove except with an allen wrench.  This will be
hard to do anyway as they will be restrained all the time.  Their nipples and
pussies will be pierced and ringed.  Real human livestock are operated on to
remove their power of speech although they still retain their vocal cords and
are able to make noise and scream.  The Temps will receive injections that will
repress their power of speech, but as with real livestock still be able to make
noise and scream.  This repression will wear off in thirty days.  As a side
benefit this will make many of the Temp's husbands happy to have their wife back
unable to speak for two more whole weeks.

Annie Jackson called me as soon as the full page ad in the paper came out.  She
was breathing so hard and her voice trembling so that she could hardly speak. 
Her first words were, "IS THIS ADD WHAT I THINK IT IS?"  Yes I answered her as
she screamed and dropped the phone.  When she recovered, her first words were,
"BOB I MUST!"  I stopped her there.  Annie, your name is the first one on the
list and she just squeals  "WHEN,WHEN DOES IT START!"  Then I told her next week
and she replied, "I don't know if I can wait god I am wet already".  She says,
"Bob you have to tell me about it, please I have to know if I am to make it
until next week".  Before I could speak she starts asking questions, "Will I be
kept naked, will I be whipped, will I be tied up, will I be milked and raped"
and then she moans and I know she is having an orgasm.  This is too good to pass
up and I also have a hard on listening to her and picturing her beautiful body
naked and strapped to the Special Milking Table,so I decide to juice it up for
her.  Annie you will become a Human Cow you will be the Farms property, you will
be treated like real livestock.  We will strip and shave your pussy, pierce and
ring your nipples and pussy.  I had to stop as she squealed again and dropped
the phone.  I waited until she came back on the line and she was still breathing
hard.  When she calmed a little just to top it off for her I said, "I will rape
you and then we will spit you".  That did it, her scream almost deafened me and
down went the phone again.  I thought that I must call Dave her husband and let
him know he was in for a hell of a fucking tonight.

Well this thing is off to a flying start, in three days the first class is
filled and Patty is already booking women for the second class.  Most of the
women have already signed their contracts and many came to the Farm the same
day.  I even have two sisters who want to bring their two daughters.  I
explained the law is they must be twelve or older and both parents must sign the
contract.  This thrilled them as one is twelve and the other is thirteen.  They
went to get their husbands at work to sign and will be back shortly.  Another
very beautifully well preserved woman about thirty two years old wanted to bring
her fifteen year old son.  She was very disappointed when told the class was
only for females.  Patty called me over to talk to her and between her crying
and begging and Patty winking and shaking her head yes I gave in.  I know Patty
is hot to work the young boy over and if his mother knew what Patty had planned
for her son she would leave him home.  Although we try to explain to all the
women who sign up what is going to happen to them, none of them seem to hear a
word we say.  Most of the women are busy moaning and trembling as they sign the
contract and several just moan and run to the rest room before they can sign. 
By Friday we have twenty three for next week's class; the three extras are the
two young girls and the young boy whose mother is the oldest female in the
class.  All the others range in age from twelve to twenty seven.

Friday morning is here and my Pickup Crews are out picking up our first class of
Temporary Human Livestock and should be back in soon.  Becky, who is my Ready
Stock Foreman, will call me when they arrive.  Nancy, my Make Ready Foreman, and
Alice, my Ranch Foreman, will be there to help with the Temps.  I am very
interested to see what kind of stock we are getting as I have not seen all of
them.

The trailers have arrived and my crew is opening the doors and backing it up to
the cattle chute; we are using the chute to add more realism to the experience. 
The trailer stops against the loading chute and I can see twelve Temps
restrained to the walls and I can see  the two young girls as well.  All the
Temps have hoods on and wristcuffs along with knee restraints which allow only
small steps.  One can hear moans and other noises from under their hoods as they
are also gagged.  The Pick Up Crew and my three girls lead them off the trailer
as they are released from the walls and guide them down the chute.  Becky and
Nancy lead the two young girls off first as they know I want to look at them. 
Becky pulls the hood off the first one whose name tag reads Peggy.  She is the
twelve year old and is a beautiful little thing with long black hair, and she
weighs about eighty pounds and is just getting breasts with little nipples which
show through her training bra.  I think well I can't put her on the milking
machine but nipple clips will work just fine.  Becky sees me looking at the
little Temp's breasts and winks, she knows what I have in mind; she has some
plans for her own also.  Nancy has the other young girl whose name tag reads
Jennie, age 13.  She is about fifteen pounds heavier than her cousin Peggy.  She
has short blond hair and is a real knock out; she has the girl next door look
that gives you an instant hard on.  Her breasts are filled out more than the
younger Peggy's and from what I can see under her clothes has a fine saucy
little butt also.

As the rest of the Temps come off the trailer they are led into a room beside Dr
Jones, our Farm's Veterinarian.  The room was a storage room and it didnot take
much to make a dressing room out of it.  We have two of our stock handlers
helping herd the Temps, the handlers have cattle prods in their hands just in
case one of the females wants to change her mind.  I felt that sooner or later
we would have one and that is one of the reasons for the signed contract.  These
Temporary Human Cows are mine for two weeks.

When all are off the trailer, Becky and Nancy bring the Temps two at a time as
Doc Jones and I watch from his exam room next door through the one way mirror. 
Becky makes sure to bring the two young girls Peggy and Jennie in first.  My
girls remove their restraints but leave them gagged; they then order the young
girls to strip.  Both little girls look at each other and I can see they are not
sure this was a good idea.  It sounded so exciting when they all decided to do
it, now they were not as excited,they were scared.  Nancy raised the short whip
in her hand and said, "STRIP NOW!".  The little girls screamed from behind their
gags and start undressing quickly.  Standing on one leg and then the other they
remove their shoes and socks as they were not wearing pantyhose.  Jennie is
first off with her blouse and reveals a white A cup cotton bra covering her pert
little tits, Peggy is right behind her.  She has a white training bra with
little flowers on it, but I can see she has grown out of the training bra; her
breasts are trained for whatever mothers want to train them for.  Then as with
all women they start to pull their skirts off next instead of removing their bra
as if they are afraid to show their breasts too soon.  Now Peggy's little skirt
is off and displaying a pair of little white cotton panties, and I have a raging
hard on.  Jennie also has white panties an that show off her well rounded little
butt.  In contrast to her cousin Peggy she is about twenty pounds heavier and
really starting to fill out.  Now with Nancy's urging them to hurry up they both
unhook their bras and let them slip down and release two sets of beautifully
pert little tits.  Although Peggy's breasts looked very small under her cloths
they are a good bit larger in the flesh, and are topped with two little pink
nipples which are hard as a rock with fear and some excitement.  I could see her
breasts were big enough for a smaller suction cup on the milking machine in the
Special Milking Room. When Jennie's bra came off she showed a beautiful set of
creamy breasts that were more than a mouth full.  They were topped with two
slightly darker stiffened little nipples which will look beautifully erotic with
nipples clips.  And they are definitely big enough for the milking machine.  Now
with Nancy urging them on they reluctantly reach to pull down their panties.  As
Jennie gets hers to her knees I can see her tuft of well trimmed blonde pussy
hair and she is a natural blonde.  Peggy pulls her little white panties off and
I can see her little almost bald pussy with a light shadow of dark hair which
does not hide her little pink lips.

Now my cock is so hard I am about to explode and know I can't last until
tonight.  Just to tease me Becky has both girls hold their hands over their
heads and turn slowly around.  That did it, Becky is going to get fucked as soon
as the Temps are in the Clean Up Room.  After restraining the two young Temps
they are brought into Dr Jones for a medical check and their injections to
retard their speech so they won't be able to form words, only noises and
screams.  Then onto the table for piercing and nipple and pussy rings.  I tell
Doc Jones to take his time while I go fuck Becky to get back in time for the
young girl's piercing.

I take Becky by the arm and lead her laughing teasing little butt over to the
Make Ready Office and tell her I am going to fuck her smart ass, and she just
squeals with glee as this was what she wanted.  She knew I could see her getting
excited watching the two young girls undress; she loves pussy as much as I do. 
The office door is not even closed and she already has her pants off and stands
there in her white panties showing a wet crotch with a big smile on her face as
she sees me looking at her wet panties.  Then she says, "god I want to lick
those little pussys".  I tell her wait until tonight when we will have them and
their mothers over at the Special Milking Room.  She lets out a little squeal
and clinches her legs together as she has an orgasm.  Ok you little bitch off
with those panties and over the desk with your beautiful butt in the air.  In a
flash she is draped over the desk with her wet pussy and little brown wrinkled
ass hole on display.  I slip one then two fingers in her wet pussy as she moans
loudly and wiggles her butt as she bucks against my hand.  She is moaning and
trying to push back against me to get my fingers further into her wet dripping
pussy.  I pull my fingers out when they are very wet and start to ease one wet
finger in to the tight ring of her ass hole.  I keep moving back and forth to
her wet pussy and to her ass hole until I have lubed her enough to allow me to
penetrate her as she is really moaning now.  She is so hot she says, "put that
thing in me now, stick me, spit me with that big dick"!  I tell her ok COW hold
still while I spit you, open your moth for the spit rod to exit through.  She
screams oh god yes do me,spit my ass!  I push the tip in until her sphincter
muscle closes over the head of my cock, then stop and let her adjust to my cock
head.  As soon as her groans turn into moans I shove on into her as I know she
is ready for me to go deeper.  I pull out until only my cock head is just inside
her and then slowly slip back in her this time a little further.  Then I repeat
this until I slip all the way in with my thighs against her butt.  Now I start a
slow in and out and fuck her ass.  She is orgastic and moaning between little
squeals.  Very soon I know I can't last long in her tight ass.  As I approach my
orgasm I grab her by her waist and start to pound her ass, this causes her to
start screaming as her orgasms come like crazy.  I can't hold back inside her
tight bucking ass hole as I explode inside her as her tight ass milks my cock. 
After we both recover and clean up I tell her we need to get back as the doc has
stalled the medical exam as long as he can, and it is now time to shave and
pierce the little pussys.  She giggles and sticks her tongue out and wiggles it
as if to lick a pussy.

We hurry back to the Doc's Office.  The two girls are still restrained on the
exam tables with their legs spread wide open and little pusses spread open.  I
can see through the one way glass in the Doc's office that he has his fingers in
both of them.  When he enters the office he tells me both still have their
virginity.  I smile and tell him until tonight.  Becky now has the two girl
temps restrained and takes them to the large Prep Room where she hooks them up
by their wrists to an overhead spreader bar.  She will leave them gagged as it
takes about ten minutes for the injection the Doc gave them to take effect and
their power of speech will be gone for thirty days.  They will still be able to
scream which I love to hear, and will make them do a lot of it.

My girls now bring the two young girl temp's mothers into the undressing room
and after releasing their hand and leg restraints order them to strip.  Again as
with their daughters they just stand and look as if they can't believe the
order.  I have seen both women when they signed up and both are very beautiful
ladies with dick hardening bodies which I can't wait to see.  As I look closer
at them I can see their daughters are smaller copies of their mothers.  Becky
slashes her whip through the air several times which gets their attention and
when she shouts STRIP again they jump to it.  Angie who one could tell was
Peggy's mother was the first trying to get her shoes off, but Bobbie was right
behind her.  I didn't get to see much yet as both had slacks on while they
kneeled down to remove their shoes.  I could tell which ladies were mother and
daughter as they were almost like peas in a pod.  With their shoes removed they
stood and looked at Becky and Nancy as if they were through undressing.  The
whip made a slashing sound and then a sharp splat as it impacted across Bobbie's
shapely butt.  It took a split second before the white hot pain reached her
brain and then her knees buckled and her scream could be heard, even from behind
her gag.  Her eyes were big as saucers and a total look of disbelief on her face
along with all the pain.  Angie just stood looking with wide eyes for a second,
then started jerking her blouse off so fast she tore most of the buttons off. 
Becky raised the whip again over Bobbie's head as she was still on her knees
screaming and holding her painfully striped butt.  She sees the whip and rolls
over on the floor and starts ripping her blouse off and trying to get her pants
off.  Becky orders her off the floor and to get her damm cloths off.  Angie is
pulling her pants off and reveals her fine body standing there in a white French
lace bra and matching panties.  Bobbie is up on her feet and has her pants off
and is standing in a pair of full cut pink panties and pink bra.  I already have
a hard on again as they finish undressing.  Angie quickly reaches behind her and
unhooks her bra and releases her two creamy round B cup mounds.  They stood
straight out on her well shaped thirty year old body.  Her nipples were sticking
out from the slightly darker ends of her twin cones.  Now Bobbie has her pink
bra off to reveal two lovely pink tipped cones with hardened nipples.  Angie is
stepping out of her white French panties and I can see her neatly trimmed black
strip of pubic hair above a pair of puffy pussy lips open enough to see her pink
slit.  Bobbie has her back to me as she pulls her panties off and I can see her
smooth well shaped ass with a glimpse of pouting pussy between her cheeks.  As
Bobbie turns I get a full view of her trimmed blonde bush just above her
clitoris hood and pink slit.  I look at both and think tonight I will have my
cock in both their fine pussies.  Of course this will mean I must change my
plans as I had planned to have Annie Jackson on The Special Milking table
tonight but I will have her in the morning.  I think that I will have Becky and
Silvie bring Annie and my Stock Breeding Foreman Ashley over so they can help me
work Annie and Ashley over.  Ashley has the Live Spit fantasy very bad and I try
to help her by using her in our games but I know some day soon I will be putting
her on a spit for real.

Both women are standing with their hands trying to cover their naked breasts and
pussys as if they think they will have any modesty left the next two weeks. 
Becky herds them through the door into the exam room with both temps still
moaning behind their gags.  As with most of the applicants, they were not
listening when all this was explained to them.  At the time all they could think
of was the fire in their pussy at the thought of fulfilling their fantasies of
being human cows and not all the details involved like being stripped naked and
treated like a real human cow.  Of course most of them had a good idea what was
in store for them and that was a big part of the excitement of it all but they
still don't want to let anyone know that this was exciting as hell.  Well their
secret will be out in just a minute as my girls order them up on the exam
tables.  Both temps hesitate before climbing up on the cold steel tables until
Becky shows them the whip, then both can't get on the tables fast enough.  Becky
and Nancy restrain them with straps across their hips and one above and below
their luscious breasts, and then they put their legs up in the stirrups, and
against their gagged protests they are strapped to the stirrups.  Now the temps
really protest behind their gags as the stirrups are raised all the way up and
spread open.  Both women gasp as the cold air rushes into their now wide open
pussies.  Now they can't hide their excitement as both have dripping wet pussies
and female juice running down between their legs giving off the sweet smell of
an excited female.  Becky looks over to the one way glass where I am looking
from the Doc's office and leans over Bobbie's wide spread legs and sniffs her,
then turns to me and smiles and licks her lips.  The little wench knows I am
standing here with a raging hard on.

The temps protests and struggles increase when the Doc enters the exam room and
Nancy brings the two syringes for their shots.  The Doc gives each an injection
which will take effect in ten minutes and then their gags will be removed. 
Their protests and struggles increase as my girls bring a pan of water and
shaving items and set down on a short stool between their wide spread legs. 
Becky lathers Angie's pubic hair and pouting pussy lips although she has no hair
on her lips.  Becky just wants to play with her wet pussy.  Nancy is performing
the same operation on Bobbie as both temps are still trying to protest around
their gags.  My girls finish shaving the temps pubic hair and move down to their
pussy lips.  Becky pulls each of Angie's pussy lips out and goes through the
motions of shaving them although there is no hair on them.  At the same time
Nancy is finishing up on Bobbie's beautiful wide spread pink pussy.  Becky
cleans Angie's crotch up and rubs body lotion on her shaved area, then looking
over at me she sticks her finger in Angie's open pussy and gets it wet with
juice.  She smiles at me and sticks her finger in her mouth and sucks it.  Nancy
watches her and just laughs.

All the time this is going on the Doc has been standing watching and rubbing his
hard cock through his pants, but knows he has many more temps to process yet. 
He also knows that tonight he will take a couple of temps over to the Breeding
Barn and have a party with them tied to the breeding frames.  The Doc now does a
quick medical exam on both temps which is all that is needed as all the
applicants had to bring a record of a full medical exam from their own Doctor to
get in the program.

Becky and Nancy now bring the piercing equipment over on small roll around
tables and sit back down between the temp's legs.  The Doc now removes the
temp's gags as the drug has taken effect and we want to hear them scream which
they start as soon as the gags are removed.  Then a funny surprised look comes
over their faces as they try to speak and find they can only make odd noises and
scream which they do.  Their screams really start when they see the little metal
rings and piercing tools.  The temp's scream loudly as they feel the cold pack
on their pussys to help deaden the area as they did not hear this part of the
indoctrination.  Becky spreads one of Angie's pussy lips and exposes the pink
wet inside with her other hand she uses the hand punch to pierce her lip. 
Although the area is partially numb there is still a little pain and she screams
even louder.  Nancy is performing the same thing on a wildly screaming Bobbie. 
Then both temps have pings in both pussy lips and they are really going nuts as
my girls have their clits between their thumb and fore fingers.  The temps
realize that their clits are next and they don't like this but don't know about
the nipple rings yet.  The screaming is at a high pitch now and to really keep
things going the Doc brings two ear tags over and as he clips it into Angie's
ear, she stops screaming long enough to see what he is doing and he tells her,
You're Human Cow #T-1.  Now she is screaming about the tag and Becky has just
pierced her clit and she is jerking and screaming  so hard she is shaking the
table.  Becky has the ring in her clit just as Bobbie lets out an ear splitting
scream as Nancy pierced her clit and then went into convulsions of head shaking
and screaming.  I am standing and about to cream my pants as my girls work on
the two temps wide spread pussies.

The temps calm down a little thinking the ordeal is over, and of course my girls
give them a few moments to think this before moving up to work on their nipples. 
Both temps are laying on the table with their eyes closed as the pain subsides
waiting to be untied.  Surprise, they open their eyes as the girls each grasp
one of their nipples, and they see the piercing tool and go ballistic.  Angie is
trying to scream and talk while slinging her head since that is all she can
move. Bobbie is doing the same and both are thinking this was a very bad idea. 
This Human Cow thing sounded so exciting and made their pussies wet just
thinking about it.  This program would provide the sexual excitement that woke
them up in the middle of the night with their pussies soaking wet.

Nancy pierces Bobbie's left nipple and the screaming continues as Becky is
piercing Angie and both temps know they have two nipples and this horrible thing
is not over yet.  My girls now move over to the temps other nipples and the
temps still don't realize that this is going to happen no matter how much they
scream and try to protest.  It happens and they go nuts and scream their heads
off.  When the temps calm down Becky moves between Bobbie's open legs and puts
her finger in her pussy and pulls it out soaking wet.  I can see the moisture
glistening between Angie's leg also.  So even through all the pain and
humiliation this is very sexually exciting to the two temps.

Becky and Nancy remove the restraints and allow the temps to stand up.  Although
they are still moaning they are glad that it is over.  They have no idea this is
only the beginning.  My girls take the temps into the holding room where their
daughters are suspended on the wrist spreaders and both try to speak to them as
Becky removes the young temp's gags but none can speak, only make odd noises. 
After hooking Bobbie and Angie up to wrist spreaders and pulling them up until
only their toes are on the floor, they release the two young temps.  Becky tells
the mothers it is their daughter's turn and leads the two young girls away from
the now screaming mothers.

END CHAPTER ONE:     By PICK UP MAN   RRolingthunder@aol.com        




WANTED:  Girls for Cooking Lessons:
Chapter Two.

WANTED Ladies who want to
experience the most exciting
time in your life.  New classes
starting soon.  Become a Human                                                                                                  
Cow in our two-week program.
Live out your most erotic sexual
fantasies.  Hurry enrollment limited.
CONTACT DENTON FARMS
Phone 555-0550

The two young temp girls are in a panic when their gags are removed and they
discover they have lost their power of speech.  They can only make strange
noises and scream, which is what they are doing now.  They have also seen the
rings in their mother's nipples and private parts, so they try to struggle and
scream loudly as they are released from their overhead suspension.  It does them
no good as my girls quickly cuff their hands behind their backs.  The two girls
are led struggling away from their mothers and back to the exam room.  Their
screams increase as they realize where they are going as they remember the cold
exam table with their legs wide spread and the old doctor.  They also remember
his putting his fingers inside their most private parts, and the pain they felt
when his fingers pushed against something inside them.  Now they both realize
they are going to get the same thing as their mothers.  It was a strange sight
to see their mother's rings and shaved bald pubic area.  Jenny, the little
blonde knew she didn't have much hair down there for them to shave, only a light
covering of silky blonde hair.  Peggy wondered how they would shave her as she
was almost bald already.  And they both worried about how much the rings would
hurt them.  Peggy worried about her nipples that were not much larger than the
rings.  Jenny was getting scared thinking about the rings they were going to put
into her private parts.  Both girls are remembering the great excitement they
and their mothers had when signing up for this program.  Even though the two
young girls remember their excitement at the thought of playing human cattle for
two weeks, this is not what they had imagined at all; this is scary as hell.

Inside the exam room they are ordered up on the tables, which they climb onto
only after Becky raises her whip.  The girls shiver as their butts contact the
cold surface.  Quickly my girls restrain them with straps across their shoulders
just above their breasts and a larger strap across their abdomen; their wrists
are restrained to the table legs.  Now comes the part girls hate as their feet
are restrained in the stirrups and their legs restrained in the stirrup braces. 
Both girls' legs are spread open wide while the stirrups are raised to their
highest position and locked in place, fully exposing both young temps.  My girls
then roll up a small table with a pan of warm water, the shaving equipment and
piercing equipment.  The young temps see what my girls are doing and start
screaming loudly, but calm down a little as my girls apply warm wet cloths to
their pubic area.  This will soften what little hair they have down there, but
the painful part is yet to come.  Both little temps have stopped screaming and
are softly moaning as the wet rag feels good, my girls then remove the rags and
apply warm shaving cream to the temp's pubic area and let it soak in for a few
seconds.  Peggy is first to feel Nancy's fingers inside her wide spread thighs. 
Nancy has her thumb and forefinger just above Peggy's slit and inserts one of
her fingers into Peggy's little pussy.  As Nancy gently massages Peggy's clit
with her finger, Peggy moans softly.  Tracy has the other little temp lathered
up and has her finger in her little pussy also.  Both little temps are moaning
loudly as my girls gently massage their clits; this is done to get the little
temps aroused and keep them that way, as the piercing will be less painful. 
When the little temps are at a high state of sexual arousal my girls quickly
shave them about their pussies.  Nancy uses two fingers to open the lips of
Peggy's pussy to get a better shave and the temp's moans increase and she tries
to push her pussy up into Nancy's fingers.  Tracy also has Jennie by her pussy
lips and she is trying to buck her hips up and is moaning wildly.  Tracy just
holds her little pussy open and plays with her clit as she has no hair on her
pussy lips.  I watch from behind the one way glass in fascination while holding
my hard cock which is about to split my pants as Tracy manipulates the young
temp's pussy.  Jennie is going nuts shaking her head side to side as Tracy
brings her to a screaming orgasm.  Tracy looks over to the one-way glass where
she knows I am standing and smiles at me as she flicks her tongue in and out of
her mouth.  She does this to tease me, as she knows, like herself, I can't wait
to get these two little temps into the special Milking Room.  Now my attention
turns to Peggy who Nancy is bringing to a screaming orgasm.  Not to be out done
by Tracy she takes her cum-soaked fingers and puts them in her mouth while
looking at me and smiling, she sucks all the sticky wetness off them then pulls
them out of her mouth still smiling and looking at me she licks her lips.  Both
my girls know this is driving me nuts, but I will have to wait until tonight
when I have Tracy and Nancy bring both young temps and their mothers over to the
special Milking Room.

My girls use a warm wet rag to clean the little temp's pussys up, then take a
seat on a small stool and roll themselves up between the little temp's wide
spread legs, and start manipulating the girl's clits again while getting the
piercing tools ready.  As soon as the temps are in an excited state Nancy
quickly pulls Peggy's left pussy lip out and runs the piercing tool through it. 
Peggy's low moans turn to a high pitched scream, the pain is sharp but only
lasts for a few seconds.  Her screams have stopped and she only moans as Nancy
inserts the small ring in the hole and snaps it shut.  Jenny is now screaming at
the top of her lungs as Tracy holds one of her pussy lips between her fingers
and pushes the piercing tool through it, and as Jenny's screams quiet to loud
moans, Tracy slips the small ring through the hole and snaps it shut.  Nancy has
Peggy's other pussy lip between her fingers and forces a hole through it
accompanied by Peggy's screams again.  Nancy manipulates Peggy's little clit to
bring her back to a state of heightened sexual arousal while Tracy pierces
Jenny's other pussy lip so that now both girls have two shiny little rings in
their cunt lips.

Tracy begins manipulating Jenny's little clit to make it stand up as it is next
to be pierced once she is sexually aroused.  This is the most painful of the
piercings.  Nancy has Peggy highly aroused as her rapid breathing and moans
indicate so she quickly uses the tool to pierce Peggy's little clit.  This
brings a blood curdling scream from the little temp as the tool passes through
her clit, then Nancy removes the tool and inserts the little shiny ring and
snaps it shut.  Jenny is now screaming at the top of her lungs as Tracy pierces
her little pink clit while she tosses her head and struggles against her
restraints.  Tracy slips the small ring into the hole and snaps it shut, then
both my girls give the two temps a few moments to recover, and as their pain
subsides, the temps are still moaning but with much less volume.  I can see the
relief in their faces as the two young temps think it is over but they have
forgotten they have two nipples each.  As my girls roll the little carts with
the piercing equipment up to the side of the tables, both little temps suddenly
remember their nipples and the shrieking and struggling begin again.

As I watch from behind the one way glass I know that I need to fuck something
very soon; and my girls to know this and keep looking in my direction while
sticking their tongues out to tease me.  Tracy and Nancy both start to massage
the little temp's clits again, being careful not to cause any more pain to the
little temp's tender clits.  Soon, against their will they start responding to
my girl's fingers, as their breathing becomes more rapid and their moans
increase.  Tracy leans over Jenny and takes her left nipple into her mouth.  The
little temp's nipple is almost like a bump on a small egg but there is a enough
for Tracy to suck in her mouth and the tiny nipple starts to hardened
immediately under the ministrations of her mouth and tongue.  At the same time
Nancy sucks on the other little girl's nipple and begins working it with her
tongue, as it hardens.  Both young temps are now breathing hard and rolling
their heads side to side getting very sexually aroused with my girls fingers in
their pussys, and nipples in their mouths.  As soon as Jenny is almost at the
peak of sexual excitement, Tracy pops the nipple out of her mouth and quickly
grasps it between her fingers, shoving the piercing tool through it.  The little
temp's moans of passion quickly turn into screams of pain.  There was a loud
scream of pain from the other little temp too as Nancy pierced her little nipple
at the same time.  Quickly both my girls insert the rings and snap them shut,
then move to the other side of the tables where they start the process all over
again on the other nipples.  Although the little temp's knew what was going to
happen next, they are betrayed by their bodies and cannot help but be aroused
with my girl's fingers in their little cunts while they suck their other nipple. 
Soon they are tossing their heads side to side and moaning loudly as their
passion begins to build, but then shriek in pain as their other nipple is
pierced and ringed.

Both my girls continued to massage the little girl's clits while looking toward
me behind the glass.  Tracy is sliding her tongue in and out while looking at
me, while Nancy smiles and licks her lips.  Both these wenches know this is
driving me crazy and I will have to take them into the storage room and fuck
them but I do not have time at the moment, as the other trailer is due in any
minute.  I can hardly wait until tonight when I have them and the two mothers
and daughters in the special Milking Room.  I think a little breast whipping
will do Tracy and Nancy some good.  I know I will enjoy it.  Well I must go as I
hear the other trailer pulling in now.

My crew is just opening the doors as I reach the dock.  Joe my driver tells me
that they had some trouble with one of the pick-ups; she said she had changed
her mind.  Then she locked the door and they had to break in; she was kicking
and screaming while shouting something about her lawyer.  Well it will do her no
good as I have a legal contract and can do what I want to her for the next two
weeks.  Joe said they had to tie her up like a pig to get her here.  I can hear
her now, as she is not a happy camper.  I tell them to unload her first as she
is upsetting the other cows.  She is still struggling and screaming as they
bring her off the trailer.  I tell June who is my slaughterhouse foreman to take
her and get her stripped and restrained on the table.  June is used to handling
panicky cows as many go crazy when they realize they are being herded into the
slaughter and hear the guillotine falling on the cows ahead of them.

June has a fool proof method for dealing with the feisty little blond wench who
is screaming and cursing at us all while struggling to get free of her
restraints.  June steps up to her and shows her the object in her hand.  The
screaming, struggling cow stops everything and stares in shock with a look of
fear on her face as June holds the small violet wand up close to the cow's large
breasts and pressed the trigger.  A four-inch streak of purple lightning flashes
from its tip.  Although a very small hand held unit it packs enough power to
bring the largest bull to his knees screaming in a split second.  The stunned
blonde cow is led away; she is very quiet.  My girl June handles unruly
livestock everyday.

Now it is much quieter on the dock and I look up into the trailer and see Annie
Jackson, who smiles broadly at me.  I can tell she is thrilled to be here since
this is something she has dreamed about for years, but I am afraid it will only
end when I am putting a real spit rod up through her body.

As I survey the other temps on the trailer I see the two slaves; they are legal
slaves, one a little light skinned black girl whose name is Candice who I have
not seen before as her parents enrolled her in the program.  Her father is a
real piece of work and her mother not much better.  Her father offered to sell
her to me and explained if I did not purchase her he was going to have her
skinned and made into a new pair of boots.  I can not believe a father can be so
cruel.  I will probably barbecue her for the graduation cook out but this is not
just being cruel.  I am meeting later today with her parents to sign the
transfer of ownership papers.  I know she has had a very rough life and is
already ringed.  She is a cute little thing with long Shirley Temple curls
hanging down her back.  I will put her in the breeding herd and let her service
the bull herd for a few days.  She can be used to hand or orally milk the bulls,
and by then, I will have decided what to do with her.

Next, I have the other slave brought off the trailer.  Her name is Daisy and
this is also the first time I have seen her as she was enrolled by her master,
who is an old time friend of mine.  Her master, Big John, called and asked me to
put her in the program and wished to outline the activities he would like her to
endure in the program.  Normally I would not have agreed but since he is a very
old friend, I agreed.  He also requested to drop in and check on her during the
program and I agreed.  She looks to be in her mid-20s, about a hundred and 70
lbs. and packing a hell of a set of milk jugs, they look to be least two gals
each.  I know where she is going, I will have her injected to start her
lactating and put her in the milking herd.  She is very well muscled and looks
as if she is an athlete so she can stand a lot of milking. 

Next, I have the mother and son temps brought off the trailer.  I have assigned
two of my girls to take charge of them, Janet will handle the 15-year old son
Billy tag #9 and Becky will take charge of the mother Barbara tag #8.  I tell my
girls to keep them together as the mother requested this when she signed them up
for the program.  The mother Barbara is a very good looking woman in her early
30's; she has a very nice figure, shoulder length brown hair and a very pretty
face.  She has a very nice rounded butt which I can't wait to sample, a set of
nice tits that looked to be about 34b, which I will make little larger with the
Special Milking machine.  The son is 15 years of age and looks to be about a 145
lbs., light sandy hair and a very good build but with a look of sheer terror on
his face.  I can see the look of ecstasy on his mother's face, as she is happy
to be here in this fantasy of hers.  I am not sure why his mother had to bring
him along, or how he fits into her fantasy?  That's OK, we can work with that
and give her what she is paying for, although her son is frightened to death.  I
know my girls will give him something to remember and I know he will go away
smiling after graduation with some very erotic memories to masturbate with.

I leave Jennifer and Amy to oversee the new livestock as I must leave now to see
how my girls are coming with Annie Jackson and that little trouble making blonde
wench.  I hope the hell they have them tied down to the table.  Hopefully the
Doc has given them their injections and a lactating hormone to the little
troublemaker, as I want her to start lactating as soon as possible.  I want her
hooked up to the milking table vacuum pump so I can hear her scream.  I think I
might hook her up to one of the mechanical fucking machines while she is on the
table.

End of Chapter Two              MAIL ME       at        Rolingthunder60@aol.com

Thanks for reading my stories    PICK UP MAN   Edited by Pixierip




WANTED FEMALES TO COOK:
Chapter Three

Ladies fulfill your wildest fantasy.
The one that wakes you up in the
middle of the night.The one where
you are a Human Cow on a spit. New
Program starting soon. It is as close
You can get to the real thing.HURRY.

Contact Denton Farms for more info.
PHONE  555-0550



Now that the Temp cows that needed my personal attention are off the trailer and
in the holding room hanging from the overhead hooks or in the medical exam
room,it is time for me to go.I leave my crew to finish unloading and processing
the remainder of the temps. The girls finally have the two temporary cows T 12
and T 13 in the exam room and are busy strapping them to the tables. The Doc and
I watch her the window to come in when the cows are secured on the table with
their feet in the stirrups and legs spread wide. They will think I am part of
the doctors team, but really I just want to play with their breasts and pussies.


I have of talked to the Doc and he tells me we can deal of the busty blonde an
injection which will start to her lactating in about two days hand she will
continue lactating for about a month. I know she is going to throw a fit when I
tell her, so I will wait to tell her until after she has the injection. As soon
as she starts lactating I plan to put her in the milking heard for a few days.
The program plan is to put each of the temporary cows into most of the farm
regular program, this  will each of them some insight into the a real human cow.
The women who sign up for this program all have a wish to be dominated and
humiliated the fun of foot beast is getaway as if they were a real human cow and
really faced death at the end of thrill of the whole experience of sex bondage
and slavery the leading up to be put on a spit and roasted. We will be careful
not to expose any of them to any part of the farm operation that really into the
bad bloody gore side of slaughtering human cows. We will be very rough on them
that is not part of the program and our intent is not to be cruel as we do not
intend to maim or permanently injure them. Although their treatment may seem
harsh it is all a part of their fantasy. The bondage and humiliation go hand in
hand with the sex they cannot be separated. Because the whole of experience is
really all about sex. And during their two week program the Temps will be
exposed to many of the farm programs, and they will be the fucked by someone in
every one of their orifices very regularly. We know some of the women in this
program are more submissive than others, we have of years of experience with
female cattle and no that many of them have a secret wish to really be spitted
and cooked. It will not take us but a day or so to know which of this group
would like nothing better than this program to be the real thing, and I also
know a number of them will be back to experience the real hand final thing. I
know Ashley my Breeding Stock Foreman and Linda Jackson will be on one of my
spits in the not distant future , I fully expect at least two maybe three of the
temporary cows in this program to be in my ready to Slaughter herd with the next
six months, and I have seen several in this group I would really like to spit.
There are a number of fine looking butts that give me a hard on just thinking
about shoving a spit pole up. That little blonde wench and of course Annie
Jackson who the girls are putting all the exam table both have nice round butts
just made to stick a spit pole up.And who knows I might just get my wish.I
really think the blonde wants it,but I will watch her for a few days and then I
will know.I can see that I will have a couple of Temps who will most likely be
live spitted for the graduation feast. Think about Annie and the little blonde
bitch and can just hear them both squealing like two little pigs stuck under a
gate. I can just imagine Annie would be screaming her head off while having
multiple orgasms as I shove the spit rod of her but. I can just hear the little
blonde wench also having multiple orgasms and screaming for her lawyer while I
am shoving the spit pole up of a her ass, her attitude the next couple of days
will determine if I have her legally converted to human cattle. She would look
great turning on a spit pole with her big jugs sucked up in the large Pyrex
roasting cups.

As I enter the Doc's office I can see through the mirror that my girls have the
two temps strapped down to the exam tables. While putting my white medical coat
on I can see that Annie is laying on the table with her legs in the air all
spread open, I can tell by her rapid breathing that she is very sexually
excited. The little blonde wench is still trying to struggle and scream from
behind her gag, thank goodness for drugs and penis gags. The injections were
given them about 10 minutes and ago and hopefully will kicking and very soon
then she will only be able to scream, I plan to fill her mouth was something
else to stifle her screams. I tap on the window to get June's attention and have
her come into the office, I explain to her that as soon as I am through with the
vaginal inspection I want to both temps penis gag removed and replaced with 2
in. O ring gags. As soon as the Temps are shaved and you have started to pierce
their pussies and nipples and ring them I want their heads pulled down and
restrained over the end of the tables.I plan to fuck their mouths and throats
while they are being pierced and ringed.This will be all there is time for until
in the morning as we still have a large number of Temps to process today.
Tomorrow is Saturday and I have most of the day free that will give me plenty of
time to play with a T 12 and T 13. I will select my girls for Saturday night as
I want to the mother and her son at that time, this will give me plenty of time
to rest up from T 12 and T 13 as I plan to work them over real good. I think I
will have of four of my girls to help me with them, I can have them use the
strap on dildos to help me out. I have some special plans for these two temps
especially the bitchy little blonde, she is you want to get my special
attention. I will work the rest of the temps in during the next week, I will
have to work on them to at a time there are so many of them but with my girls to
help we can do it.

Well I see my girls or ready for me in the exam read as they have the two temps
restrained on the exam tables with their legs spread wide open and are about to
start the shaving them, both of the temps look as if they shaved their underarms
this morning so the only hair to be shaved his around their pussies, and we love
shaving that. As soon as the two temps are shaved I will have Ashley and June
remove the penis gags and replace them with the two inch 0 ring gags before they
start to the piercings. Before I joined the girls to work on the two temps I
check the video recording system to make sure it is operating ok. We tape all
the operation here at the farm and especially things such as this and all of our
cook outs and all other sexually erotic operation. The farm receive very high
revenue from our distribution of these tapes which we distribute worldwide. So I
especially want to tape this session and if I decide not to spit and cook the
little blonde wench I want to give her a copy. She had made it plain on her
application that she did not want any thing to do with other girls. I can't wait
to see her reaction to having June sucking her breasts to get to her nipples
hard for a piercing, she will really go nuts with June's fingers in her pussy.
That will make it all the more exciting while I fuck her smart mouth, this will
teach her to listen when things are explained to her and also to read things
before she signs them. The little blonde is going to hate this but the other
Temps Annie Jackson is loving every minute of it, this is her dream come true,
the she is thrilled to be able to realize her greatest fantasy. Her husband Dave
and I are old friends and he confided in me that this is the best thing that
could happen to both of them, he explained that this thing was getting out of
hand and he hoped this would help. He told me that Annie who wakes up every
night dreaming of this and then tries to fuck him to death the rest of the night
and hit it is putting a strain on him at his job from lack of sleep. I did not
tell Dave that this was only a temporary fix and that only a real Live Roasting
would satisfy Annie after if this. I think in his heart he knew this but could
not come out and say it.

Well the video system is working fine, and I have my little white jacket on with
my stethoscope hanging around my neck like I knew what the hell was doing so the
Doc and I go in the exam room so I can't play doctor. As we enter both temps
look at us with an uneasy feeling which shows on their faces, Annie tries to
smile from behind her penis gag as she recognizes me and I can see by the
expression on her face that it puts her at ease. The little breasted blonde
wench just scolds at me, she recognizes me from the unloading docks and figures
out that I am not a doctor, I can tell by her expression that she knows she will
not enjoy what I am going to do to her. She is very unhappy as she swings her
head from side to side and tries to scream at around the leather cock in her
mouth, my girls have restrained her so the only thing she can't move is her head
as the leather cock in her mouth which prevents her and smart tongue from
flapping, the same tongue I will feel around the head of my cock shortly.


My girls June and Ashley two small portable tables set up with the injections
and all of the piercing equipment needed for the two temps cows, they roll one
up to the table beside each cow. The Doc now takes a seat between Annie's wide
spread legs, first he gives her an injection in her hip which will take effect
in about 10 minute and will block her power of speech. Now he moves over to Temp
number T 12 and gives her two injections, will block her speech and the other
will start her lactating in a bout 48 hours, this should be a big surprise to
her. I can just hear the little wench screaming when we stick her own one of the
milking machines with a couple of dildos stuck in her, the dildos make the cows
produce more milk. As the old saying goes( MILK from contented cows.)HA HA.

Annie is still looking at me with a big smile on her face, she is loving all
this and knows it will get much of better for her as I promised. The other
little wench is still trying to scream and curse from behind the leather dick in
her mouth, I can't see her eyes full of anger at me. She thinks she is pissed
off now just wait a few minutes and she will really be pissed off.

As the Doc moves back over between any wide spread legs I motion June to release
the swing down headboard on both exam tables which allows both the temps heads
to hang over the end of the tables. I now have her pull a wide leather Restraint
across each cows the forehead which holds them in position for a straight shot
down to their throats. Ashley comes over to help with the gags, she moves Annie
penis gag and gives her a few moments to with her dry lips and work her jaws to
relieve the stiffness, Annie does not try but continues to smile. When she is
ready she says ok as she can see the 2 in. 0 ring gag in June's hand and knows
what it is for, she opens her mouth wide still smiling while the O ring is
slipped behind her teeth then strapped behind her head. Now my girls move over
to the blonde wench who is still raising hell. She really goes nuts when she
sees the O ring gag as she knows what it is for. The girls are ready for this
and as Ashley quickly remove the penis gag and before the blonde came and wet
her mouth and lips to say any of thing June thrusts the O ring behind her teeth
to shutting off any protests. Now with both of Temps head secured in position
and 0 ring gags in place they are ready for the Doc to start work on their
pussies.

I moved over to Annie's head where she is still smiling and sticks her tongue
out through the gag as I pull my hard cock from my pants, she wiggles her tongue
to let me know she is ready. I motion the Doc to start piercing her pussy and
slowly pushed the head of my swollen cock into her wet warm mouth, she lets out
a scream a round my cock head as her pussy lip is pierced.As I start to shove my
hard cock down Annie's soft warm throat I can hear the other Temp Cow scream as
she knows she is next.

END CHAPTER THREE                  By PICK UP MAM

EDITED BY JAN                      RRolingthunder@aol.com




WANTED GIRLS FOR COOKING:

Chapter Four


A SHAVE AND A WASH JOB.



WANTED: Girls hurry and enroll.
We are taking application for
the next Cooking Class. If you
have ever dreamed about being
spitted and Live Roasted.Here
is your chance to live out your
FANTASY.

CONTACT DENTON FARMS

Call for appointments.

PHONE  555-0550


Annie is still eagerly taking cock in her mouth and throat even as she  screams
around its head as her pussy lips are being pierced. This causes a fantastic
sensation to my cock head,it is out of this world, it is all I can do to not to
just fuck her face hard and shoot my load down her throat. As Her and screams
rip up through her wet throat they cause a very erotic sensation around my cock
head almost as good as good as when I have a young cow restrained and sitting
with my hard cock impaled in her ass while her breast and pussy are being
tortured.This is something most of these Temps will get to experience in the
next two weeks,although they will not enjoy it as much as my girls and I will.As
the girls on my farm crew are bi and all love BDSM ,both giving and receiving we
have some wild parties with the human cows.Although we can't go as far with
these Temps as we do with Real Human Cows we still give them a very rough work
out.I am really looking forward to getting the two mothers and their daughters
in our new Special Torture Room .After reading the application the two mothers
filled out I was surprised .These two women have some wild fantasies about their
daughters and themselves.The mother who brought her young son also has some wild
requests.But this is what this program is all about,to allow these ladies live
out all their darkest fantasies.

The Doc now has both of Annie's pussy lips pierced and ringed and is about to
pierce her clit.As this is her most sensitive area and I know she will go nuts,
I must be careful not to cum. I know the sensation in her throat as her clit is
pierced will be very intense and since I hate to miss this I am forced to pull
out of her mouth and as I want to save my load for the little blonde bitch on
the other table who is still screaming like a stuck pig. I know that Annie wants
me to come in her mouth and throat but I am saving it for the screaming
blonde.Annie will get to swallow her load of my cum later in the Special Room
along with many other things she will have forced into her body.

As much as I hate to I pull out of Annie's warm wet smooth mouth but it is time
to move over to the other table where the screaming little blonde bitch is
restrained. As I move around to her head she can see my hard wet cock in front
of her face, this intensify as her screaming through her O Ring gag as she knows
she is about to be face fucked. I can tell she does not like the idea, but that
makes it much more fun. I hold my hard cock in my hand and slowly rub head
around her wide spread lips and just inside her mouth and lay it on her
screaming tongue as I watch the Doc finishing up on Annie's nipples.

Now the Doc has finished with Annie and move over to sit between the blondes
wide spread legs, as she feels his hands and her most private area her agitation
and screams increase. She is not a happy camper. But it makes no difference, I
have her signed contract and restrained on the table and she has no choice.

I've watched the Doc and see he is ready to pierce her pussy lips and at that
moment I slip my cock in to her mouth and bury it deep into her throat
temporarily cutting off of her frantic screams. The sensation of her screams and
the action of her throat muscles around my cock head makes me want to leave it
buried in her throat, but I know I must pull out to allow her to breath. Slowly
I pull my cock out enough for her to catch her breath before I start a slow
motion fucking her throat. Now the doc is working on her other pussy lip and I
know that I must pace myself and not shoot my load to quickly, I want to save it
for her clit piercing, I know when this will really make her go nuts.

Now The Doc has finished and her pussy lips are pierced and ringed,We use a
removable type ring on the Temps as well as all our other human cows as we need
to remove them at times,Being able to remove their rings allows us to use varies
types of equipment on them.Many times we remove their nipple rings for the use
of milking machines and breast pumps and other forms of breast and nipple
torture.Their clit and pussy lip rings are only removed on rare occasions as
they are useful to restrain the cows to varies torture devices.

 The doc tells me he is ready to start on her clit.This brings a loud round of
screams and muffled curses from around my cock which fills her mouth. Slowly
fuck her face trying to pace myself as I watch for the Doc to motion me that he
is ready. As the Doc grasps her clit between his thumb and forefinger I can feel
her body jerk as she begins to gagging and trying to scream in sheer panic as
she knows her tinder clit is about to be impaled on the little steel skewer. I
choose this moment to stick my hard cock all the way down her throat, I feel her
gag and choke with of the uncomfortable piece of hard flesh obstructing her
breathing. I hold myself in her throat for a few seconds enjoying the feel of
her throat muscles contracting against the head of my rigid cock as her fear of
asphyxiation causes her throat mussels to contract violently. Reluctantly I pull
out enough for her to catch her breath before starting to stroke slowly in and
out of her throat giving her time to fill her lungs. As I see the needle pierces
her and hear her ragged scream around my cock head which is in her mouth resting
against her tongue I plunge my cock all the way down her throat while grabbing
her head with both hands at the same time. I hold myself deep in her throat
enjoying the fantastic soft warm wet feeling of her throat muscles contracting
around the head of my cock.I shudder with a massive climax and pump my load of
hot cum into her panic stricken throat and down into her stomach. As I bask in
the glow of my massive orgasm my knees go weak and I must hold on to her head as
I enjoy the feel of her still convulsing throat almost forgetting the she cannot
breath so I quickly pull out and allow her to catch her breath. She is not
screaming any more only gagging and gasping for air, I don't think she enjoyed
this nearly as much as I did.

As I stand hanging on to the table trying to recover Joe one of my dock foremans
calls me on my mobile phone, he needs me to come down and see what he has found.
I clean myself up and get dressed while instructing my girls to finish up with
these two temps and put them in the holding room. Both temps will be suspended
on a wrist spreader bar hanging from the roller track where the other Temps are
waiting until we process the rest of the class.

I instruct my girls to wait for my return as I want to watch this first group go
through the wash out .I really want to see the two young girls get the wash out
hoses up in their pussies and ass holes.I know they will go nuts over this but
it will be nothing compared to my cock up their little ass holes,YUM YUM

I hurry down to the loading docks where I see Joe has two Temp Cows off to the
side, one is a large breasted  black girl,the other a white girl who also has a
large set of breasts. But this is not what has Joe's attention, he is looking at
the metal tags a round the temps necks. Each a small metal chain a round their
necks with a metal tag attached to it. The little white girls tag reads.DAISY
LEGAL SLAVE If found please call BIG JIM JONES  555-1212.

The little black girls tag reads. "BOSSIE" MILK COW. Although I have had not
seen either of the temps before now I was aware that they would be in this first
class, I had talked several times and to big Jim about his pet cow Daisy. I had
only read the application set in and by Bossie's owner who asked for a number of
things to be dun to her.Her owner requested she receive some very rough
treatment.Big Jim the owner of Daisy will be by tomorrow to meet with me and go
over the details of her treatment.

As I look at both temps I have and idea what we can use them for. I think we
will put them in the milking barn for several days. We can restrain them in a
couple of milking racks with some small plastic buckets beside them.I will have
a Auto Electro Shock Unit with duel vibrating dildo hooked up on them. This will
be a great attraction for the tourist on the daily tour of the farm, I will
place one of my female farm hands to assist them and use the hand held remote
control to activate the vibrating shock unit to entertain each tour group. They
will be able to either of milk the cows by hand or have the assistant them with
the controls on the  milking machines.The controls can be set for normal milking
or with the use of the override button set to really cause pain.The override
allows the cows breast to be sucked completely into the oversized cups.The
breast cups are clear glass and are 5 inches in diameter at the base and taper
down to a 2inch cylinder 5 inches long.The cows breast can be sucked into the
narrow cylinder causing a very painful elongated look as the cows areoles and
nipples expand. This should hold them for several days after which we can move
them down to the bull milking barn.


 I think the tourist will get a kick out of seeing them restrained in a breeding
frame with a automatic fucking machine. This machine is strapped to the cow and
has both pussy and anal dildos, this allows the cows to be fucked in the pussy
and ass while she is sucking off the large breeder bulls. Any of the tourist
will be allowed to use the temps services,she will service both males and
females with her mouth if required. I think at this will make a great
attraction.

I instruct Joe to have the crew to run these two temps on through for their
shots to block their speech and start them lactating, then run them on through
the wash out and shaving procedure. Then I want them taken down into the
breeding barn and have of them used to break in some of the very young
inexperienced Breeding Bulls until they start lactating.At that time they will
be moved to the Milking Barn where they will be put on the Special Milking
Machine.I will only leave them on the machine for a couple of days as it is a
very intense experience to both their breast, pussy and ass hole.

Now that this is taken care of it is time to have my girls bring the rest of the
temps off the trailer.I am anxious to see the lovely young mother and her young
son.My girls and I have a great little party planned for them in the Special
room and I want to see the guests of honor.

END CHAPTER FOUR     More to come later.

PICK UP MAN         RRolingthunder@aol.com  rolingthunder@yahoo.com

E mail me if you like my story.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





