BDSM Library - Suberic Submits To His Girlfriend And Her Friends




Suberic Submits To His Girlfriend And Her Friends
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: suberic is forced to submit to his girlfriend and two of her bisexual friends.  They embarrass and humiliate him, much to his surprise!
Suberic submits to his girlfriend and her friends

*************
* CHAPTER 1 *
*************

I had been serving my girlfriend, Cat, in the bedroom for some time.  We had
been dating for about two years but our BDSM lifestyle had never ventured
outside of the bedroom...until now.  Cat is a beautiful, slender
twenty-something asian female with sexy legs and a perfect ass; some say she
looks like Lucy-Lu.  By day she has a sweet, innocent demeanor that turns
wickedly dominant by night.  I am a six foot, two inch well-built
twenty-something male who is strong-willed in my everyday life, but am quick to
cower under the dominance of Cat (or Mistress Cat to me when we are in scene).

The evening started off innocently enough as the two of us had plans to see a
movie.  We sifted through the movie listings, but could not agree on which movie
we wanted to see.  Little did I know, but this actually annoyed Cat although she
did not show it.  As we discussed alternative plans for the evening, the
telephone rang and it was Cat's friend Christy inviting the two of us over to
watch a movie.  Christy was a college friend of Cat's and I had always found her
interesting as she was bisexual and lived with a female lover named Melissa.  We
agreed that hanging out with Christy and Melissa would make for a fun evening
and drove over to their apartment.

When we arrived, Melissa went to the kitchen to pop some popcorn while Christy,
Cat and I hung out in the living room.  I was aware that Christy knew of our
bedroom games as Cat had told her, but I had never openly discussed my interests
in BDSM with Christy.  What Cat and I didn't know was whether Christy had told
Melissa of our games.  Melissa returned from the kitchen and sat on the couch
with Cat and the four of us hung out talking for a while and drinking a few
beers before starting the movie.  As Christy and Melissa began to indulge
themselves in a few more drinks, their demeanor loosened up a bit as they
approached a mild state of drunkeness.  I laughed along with them until I made
the mistake of calling Christy a "lush."

At that point Christy joking exclaimed, "I may be a lush, but at least I'm not a
submissive little slut!"

I was shocked and embarrassed to hear those words come out of her mouth.  My
face clearly showed my embarrassment as I turned bright red and Melissa was sure
to point this fact out.  "Are you embarrassed that we know about your submission
to Cat?" she asked.

In fact, I was extremely embarrassed and somewhat speechless, "No, I just
didn't...."

"Well maybe you should be!" she fought back.  I looked over to Cat for help, but
she offered little help and almost seemed to be smirking at the situation I now
found myself in.

"Maybe Cat would like to show us some of your tricks," Christy suggested.  It
was clear that the two of them were ganging up on me and trying to rope Cat into
playing with me in front of them.  While this had been a wild fantasy of mine,
all of a sudden it was becoming much too real.  I found myself scared and
incredibly turned on by the fact that I was alone in a room with three beautiful
women who all knew about my submission.

"May we play with him?" Christy and Michelle asked Cat.  Cat was clearly
reluctant to turn her submissive boyfriend over to two of her semi-drunken
friends, but at the same time she thought it might be fun to watch this
embarrassing situation unfold.

"Yes, I suppose I'll allow him to submit to you provided I get to stop it at any
time if I don't like what I see."

With that, I realized that I had essentially been given to Christy and Michelle
and I had no say in the matter.

"Well we may not be experienced Mistresses, but the one thing we do know is that
slaves should not have the dignity of clothing.  Stand right over here in front
of us and take off all of your clothes, right now."

I stood in front of the couch looking down at the two girls sitting there in
jeans and t-shirts and all of a sudden I was aware of how light it was in the
room.  "Could you possibly dim the lights before we begin?" I asked.

"Absolutely not!  Now strip!"  they laughed...

Their laughs only made me feel more embarrassed as I was submitting to two
amateur Mistresses in casual clothes while my girlfriend watched.  I reluctantly
removed my clothing and found myself standing buck-naked in front of Christy and
Melissa while they smirked in near disbelief on the couch.  "Geez, you really
are submissive," they commented in delight.  "All we had to do was tell you to
strip and you did.  This could be a lot of fun!"




*************
* CHAPTER 2 *
*************

"Get on your knees!" exclaimed Christy.  She was clearly going to be the leader
during this scene.  "Now I want you to crawl over to Melissa and kiss her feet."

I quickly got on all fours and made my way across the room to the couch where
Christy and Melissa sat.  Melissa's feet were already bare and waiting for my
lips to make contact with them.  I began to lightly kiss her feet when she
looked down with an approving look, "Good job slave.  You may now have the
privledge of sucking my toes."  I did as I was told and Christy looked on
wanting to be involved herself.

"Come this way slaveboy.  That ass of yours is so tempting - it's just begging
for a spanking.  Over my knees boy!"  With that she took off one of her thick
soled shoes and held it in her hand; clearly she was going to strike my ass with
it.  "Now I'm going to spank your ass until I'm good and ready to stop and
you're going to stay nice and still over my knees, aren't you boy?"

"Yes Mistress Christy," I replied appropriately.  And the spanking began.  The
first one was very light as she was clearly an amateur and almost seemed afraid
to hurt me.

"Hit him harder than that!" exclaimed Mistress Cat who was now clearly getting
interested in the scene.  "And everytime she strikes you, I expect you to count
and thank her, do you understand slave?"

"Yes Mistress," I whimpered.  With that Christy took the shoe as far back and
she could reach and swung down with brute force.  WHACK!

"Two!  Thank you Mistress Christy!" I screamed in pain.  My ass was on fire from
the single, ferocious whack of the wooden-soled shoe.  I could only imagine the
imprint it must have left behind.  This beating continued for the next several
minutes as she made sure that she made every square inch of my ass bring red.  I
started squirming from the pain and that was a mistake.

"That's it!  I'm sick of you moving around on my lap.  What do we have that we
can restrain him with?"

"Well we have a lot of restraints and toys at home that we could use on him,"
Mistress Cat proclaimed.

"Hmmmm....how do you think we should transport him?" Melissa chimed in.  "Shall
we make him go naked?"

"That would be embarrassing, wouldn't it?"  My worst fears were starting to come
true.  They were going to make me go naked in the car to my own house.

"Well we don't want to get in any trouble so let's allow him his boxers and tie
his hands behind his back.  He will, of course, have to ride in the trunk." 
With that, I was escorted out of the apartment, across the front walkway to the
street where Mistress Cat's trunk awaited me.  I was placed in the trunk and my
mouth was taped shut and the trunk was closed.  We started driving and I rolled
around in the trunk with every turn, many of which seemed intentionally sharp. 
I could hear the three girls laughing in the car as we drove around and after
several minutes I realized that we weren't going directly home.  "You better
hope we don't really embarrass you," Michelle laughed out to me.  With that the
car stopped and all three of them got out.  I was terrified about what they
might do.  I heard them walk away from the car and all of a sudden felt very
alone as I lay nearly naked, hands tied behind my back and gagged in a
pitch-black trunk of a car.




*************
* CHAPTER 3 *
*************

After what seemed like hours, but was probably just minutes, the three girls
returned to the car and we began driving again.  The second time we stopped, the
girls got out and opened the trunk.  They helped me out and I found myself
standing in front of my apartment.  They had, in fact, taken me back to my
apartment where Mistress Cat and I had many, many toys and restraints that the
girls could use against me.

Mistress Cat instructed me, "You are to go inside and setup the dungeon and wait
in the appropriate position.  Do you understand slave?"

The dungeon was our second bedroom that we used for playing.  In the closet was
a bondage horse with eyelets all over it for various bondage positions.  The
room also contained a futon and chair for bondage as well as three different
spreader bars, over the door restraints and all of our toys which include
locking leather wrist and ankle restraints, a collar, leash, parachute ball
stretcher, clothespins, rope, a riding crop, paddle, cane, dog bowl, and magic
markers among other things.  Part of my duty in setting up the room was to dim
the lights and light two candles and put on some background music.  The position
in which I was to wait required me to wait on all fours with my forehead on the
floor so that my ass is up in the air facing my Mistress when she enters the
room.  Or in this case, all three Mistresses.

When the entered the room, all three were ready to play.  Mistress Cat was
wearing her knee high leather boots, extremely tight and shiny short plastic
black shorts and nipple jewelery.  She looked amazing as usual.  Mistress
Christy was wearing one of Mistress Cat's outfits, a black leather teddy with
thong.  She also had on a pair of Cat's high heels and clearly was ready to
dominate.  Mistress Melissa entered wearing a black bikini and high heels as
well.  She looked a little uncomfortable in the outfit which reminded me that
she and Christy were amateur at being dominant and this made my behavior seem
much more embarrassing again.

"Now let me show you two how we can tie this little slut up..."  With that,
Mistress Cat took out the leather cuffs and locked them on my feet and hands. 
"Now it'll just take seconds to render him helpless in any position.  Melissa,
do you think you would like to see him face up or face down?"

"I think that having him face up would render him much more helpless," she
replied.  With that I was placed face up on the bondage bench with my arms and
legs quickly hooked to the eyelets.  I saw Mistress Cat light a candle out of
the corner of my eye which meant that candle wax would most likely be dripping
all over my body in a matter of minutes.  I was in an incredible vulerable
position, lying face up on a bondage bench with all of my limbs tied below me. 
All three of them started rubbing their hands over my body to remind me of how
naked and exposed I was.  All of a sudden Mistress Christy began to dig her
nails into one of my nipples and she twisted until I let out a scream!  Mistress
Melissa seemed to take delight in watching me scream, so she decided to try her
nails on my other nipple.  Soon after, they each grabbed one of my nipples and
grabbed and twisted with all of their might until I was ready to tear.  As I
arched my back in pain and struggled against my bonds, they finally let go! 
Mistress Caitlin laughed at my screams and asked "So is this as much fun as you
always thought it would be?  We'll make sure that it's not so that you never
want to do this again!"

Little did she know that every threatening word only made me hornier.  With that
Mistress Caitlin pulled out the parachute ball-stretcher and attached it to my
balls.  She then proceeded to unhook my feet from the bondage bench and attach
them to the ball stretcher.  Now my feet were suspended, yet hanging from the
ball stretcher.  If I let my leg muscles relax, all of the weight of my legs
would be pulling on the ball stretcher...yet I can't hold my legs up forever! 
Mistress Cat turned to her two friends, "Perhaps we should all sit on the futon
for the next few minutes and just watch and his legs and heavier and heavier. 
He's going to start squirming and stuggling and will be torn as to which hurts
less; holding his legs up or letting them hang from him his balls.  The longer
we leave him there, the more excrutiating this torture will be.  I've left him
for 15 minutes once and he was ready to burst.  What do you think he would do if
we all sat here and laughed at his predicament for 30 or 60 minutes?  Maybe I
should go get a bottle of wine for us to enjoy while he squirms on display for
us."

With that she left the room and returned with a bottle of wine and digital
camera!  I could now see that their fun was only beginning.  If all three of
them had nude, bondage photos of me, I could basically be forced to submit to
any one of them at any time to avoid a potentially embarrassing situation with
the photos!




*************
* CHAPTER 4 *
*************

After an embarrassing photo shoot in which they took shots of me in all sorts of
submissive positions, I was clearly not out of the woods yet.  I was placed back
on the bondage bench, face up and a Mistress Caitlin approached me with a new
sort of gag that I had not seen before.  This gag was different in that the
outside had a large dildo attached to it which would allow one of the Mistresses
to fuck my face once it was in place.  BEfore putting in my mouth, however,
Mistress Caitlin forced the dildo in and out of my mouth and laughed "Show
Christy and Melissa how well you can suck a cock, my pet!"

I could not have been more embarrassed being forced to suck a cock in front of
Mistress Caitlin's two friends, when Melissa pulled out the camera again!  The
last thing I wanted was pictures of me sucking on a dildo to be circulating
around, but there was nothing I could do to prevent it!

Once the photo shoot was completed, the gag was placed in my mouth so that the
dildo was waiting for one of the Mistresses to fuck my face with.  With my own
dick being incredibly hard, there were now two dicks pointing straight up for
the Mistresses to fuck.  Mistress Caitlin quickly pounced on my real dick and
started movign up and down while declaring, "You are not allowed to come under
any circumstances - do you understand, my slut?"

I nodded yes, but wasn't sure how I was going to accomplish this since I was so
turned on.  After a short time, Mistress Christy approached my face and I could
see that she was about to start fucking the dildo sticking out of my mouth.  As
she brought he pussy up and down on my face, I wanted nothing more than to free
my mouth to start licking her pussy, but instead I could only watch her body
move up and down, smothering me each time she landed on me.  As she started to
get more and more turned on, her up and down motions became more intense and
powerful and soon I was finding my face under intense pressure from her body.

Meanwhile, Mistress Caitlin was doing an incredible job of fucking my dick and I
could feel myself closer and closer to cumming.  Mistress Melissa, who seemed to
love the camera, started shooting pics of this scene which put me over the edge! 
I could feel that my dick was going to come any second and I knew that meant
*big* trouble for me.  I was sure that I was going to be put through some
incredible pain and embarrassment for not being able to control my dick and even
though the orgasm was going to be incredible, Mistress Caitlin would make sure
that it was not worth it so that I would not disobey her in the future.  Oh, how
I was torn!  I tried with all of my might to hold my cum in, but the site of
Mistress Christy fucking my face and the feeling of Mistress Caitlin fucking my
dick was too much...I exploded in what was quite possibly the greatest orgasm
anyone had ever had!


...and now I realized that there was still a full night of torture awaiting me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  slave eric


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





