BDSM Library - My Wife the Womanizer




My Wife the Womanizer
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Instead of divorcing her husband, a wife decides to take the ultimate revenge.
My Wife the Womanizer
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(TG,Femdom,FM,FF,MM,etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********
 
"Come down to the basement honey, I have a surprise 
waiting for you," my wife said.  She looked stunning, 
dressed in a black merry widow, with stockings and 
heels to match.  I loved it when she wore sexy 
lingerie, which unfortunately wasn't very often.

I followed her through our very expensive house, but 
all my attention was focused on her lovely ass 
swishing back and forth.  I was a very lucky man 
indeed.  I had a beautiful wife, who just so happened 
to be rich, and a house you could get lost in.  

She opened the door to the basement.  No longer was it 
full of shelves and old boxes, it was now a fully 
furnished bedroom.  Even though it was only lit by 
candles, I could tell it was a little effeminate for 
my tastes.  However, she did do it all herself, so I 
knew better than to complain.

"What do you think of our little den of iniquity?" She 
waved her hand in a magnanimous gesture.

"It's great."  I pressed close to her from behind, 
rubbing against her satin and lace, but she pulled 
away.

"Not like that, sweetie." She took my hand and led me 
over to the bed.  "I want to do things a little 
different tonight."  She picked up a blindfold, walked 
behind me, and tied it over my eyes.  Then she 
undressed me, till I stood naked in front of her.   My 
cock stood proudly at attention.

"I'm going to fuck you so good tonight; you're never 
going to forget it."  She said, pushing me forcefully.  
I fell backwards and landed on the bed.

She jumped on top of me and guided my cock to her 
entrance.  Then, she pushed herself on me and in on 
stroke I was fully inside of her.  She bounced on top 
of me, fucking me as she promised.  It was strange;   
she had never behaved like this before.  Usually, when 
we made love, we had our own little ritual.  

Normally, she wanted us to lay there next to one 
another and stroke one other.  Next, I would go down 
on her and then we would move into a sixty-nine.  
After she came, I would get on top and make love to 
her until I was spent.

However, this time she was much more aggressive than 
she had ever been before.  I could already feel a 
surging in my balls.  I couldn't last much longer like 
this.  I tried to grab her hips to stop her from 
riding me as if I were a bucking bronco.  "Wait 
honey," I begged.  "I can't last much longer."

She grabbed my wrists and pressed them to the 
headboard.  I heard a click and I found I could no 
longer move my hands.  "It's okay," she gasped.  "Cum 
for me.  Cum for me now!"  She ground herself on top 
of me, swiveling her hips back and forth, driving the 
cum from my balls.  It was almost painful as I spent 
myself inside of her.

"Well, that sure was disappointing," she said.

I was embarrassed and ashamed at my performance.  I 
hadn't lasted longer than three minutes.  "I'm sorry 
honey, it was just that you-" 

"What?  Now, it's *my* fault you came too fast."

"No, look, I'm sorry.  Just let me go, okay?"  

"In a second sweetie.  I want to do something first."  
I felt her weight leave the bed, and then she was 
placing something over my ankles.  

"Lift up for me sweetie.  I've got something I want 
you to wear."  

It felt her pulling some sort of tight shorts up my 
legs.  It wasn't until I heard a click that I 
suspected something was wrong.  

"I bet you're really gonna regret not lasting a little 
longer," she said.  Then I felt something cold around 
my ankle and another click.  She was scaring me now.  
"because that is going to last you for awhile."

I bucked, pulled, and struggled against my bonds and 
though the white framed bed covered with a canopy 
looked like it belonged in a small girl's room, it 
proved to be more than a match for me.  I had gone 
nowhere, and now my wrists and ankle hurt.  The worst 
part was I couldn't even see what was going on.

I heard another click and the crackle of electricity.  
Suddenly, my body felt like it was hit by a truck, 
every muscle seized and spasmed.  It was a pain unlike 
any I had ever felt before.  When it was over, I 
couldn't even move.  I felt like I needed to puke.

"Are you quite finished now?"  

She sounded so polished - so unfazed by this.  She had 
tied me up and tortured me with a stun gun and she 
sounded like she was asking if I had finished reading 
the paper.  That probably scared me more than anything 
else.

"Yes."  What else could I say?  She held all the 
cards.

"Would you like for me to free your hands?"

"Please."

She took the blindfold off of my eyes and freed my 
hands from the headboard.  I rubbed my sore wrists and 
looked up at her.  She held the stun gun in front of 
her threateningly.

"Don't you dare look at me so accusingly," she said.  
"You should be grateful.  You should be on your knees 
thanking me for this."

I looked down to observe my predicament.  My ankle was 
cuffed and attached to a very sturdy looking length of 
chain and my crotch appeared to be covered by some 
sort of chastity device.


It was too much to take.  "Are you crazy?" I blurted.  
"You electrocute me and make me your captive and I'm 
supposed to be thankful.  I'm your husband for Christ 
sakes."

The stun gun crackled with electricity in warning.  I 
took the hint and shut up.

"Yes, thankful," she said in a voice that brooked no 
argument.  "You see honey, I took a lover.  Don't look 
at me that way.  You always said you wanted to see me 
with another woman.  Well, I did it and . . ."  She 
paused and her eyes grew very far away.  "I love her 
and she loves me.  However, I didn't know how 
possessive and protective she was until later.  When I 
told her about you and how you would get half of 
everything in a divorce; maybe even more, since I 
cheated on you . . . with a woman no less.  Then, I 
told her a little white lie about how you beat me and 
lent me out to your male friends.  Well, she wanted to 
kill you then and there and toss your body in a river 
somewhere."

"Please Jill, if you ever loved me, just let me live.  
Let me walk away.  I'll never bother you again."  By 
now I was sobbing in fear.  I was too young to die.  
There was still so much I wanted to do.  

"Shhh, sweetie, you know I would never kill you.  
Besides, I could go to prison for that.  I bet you 
wished you signed the prenuptial agreement, but it's 
too late for that now.  Now, stop crying like a little 
baby, I told her I would take care of you myself."  

I was deathly afraid.  I'm not going to pretend it was 
otherwise.  I was sobbing like a baby.  I thought I 
was going to die and no one would ever see me again.  
She slapped me on my face. Hard.

"I said, *stop crying* goddamn it!"  Then her gaze 
softened and she stroked my manacled ankle.  "I'm 
sorry, but you shouldn't have made me do that," she 
said.  "Anyway, like I was saying, I had a brilliant 
idea.  I would make you a home here in the basement -- 
a little place to keep you hidden.  Then I could tell 
her you were dead.  This way everyone wins."  She 
beamed with pride.  

I was horrified.  I was going to be a prisoner in my 
own house and totally dependent on her.  All while my 
wife slept with her lover -- a lover who wanted me 
dead.   The only thing I could hope for was escape or 
for my wife to change her mind.

"Please don't do this to me," I cried.  I tried to 
reach for her.  I wanted to hug her and try to break 
through her cold facade.

"Get back," she warned.  "Look, it's the only way.  If 
she finds you - finds out I lied, she will kill you 
herself.  I love her, but she can be violent 
sometimes."  She took the edge of the sheet and dried 
my eyes.  "Listen, she's going to be here soon and she 
thinks I killed you last night."  

My wife climbed atop me, pinning my arms underneath 
her knees.  "Sweetie, I'm going to have to ask you to 
get rid of the evidence."

The evidence she was referring to was her well used 
twat, just inches from my mouth.  My stomach recoiled 
in revulsion.  I had never had any desire to taste cum 
and I sure as hell didn't want any part of the 
disgusting mess leaking from her cunt.

"I can't," I said, turning my face away.

"Hurry, she could be here at any moment."  She lifted 
my chin, so that I was once again facing her matted 
sex.  "You have to . . . or she will suspect you are 
still alive."

What was I going to do, die for my foolish pride?  I 
did the only thing I could - what anyone would.  I 
licked my spending from her sex.  It was salty and 
bitter.  It formed little balls and clung to her pubic 
hair that were almost impossible to get out.  The 
worst was when she made me suck at her opening and I 
got a mouthful of the vile liquid.  I promised myself 
that if I ever got out of this I would never again 
expect a woman to swallow.

"Use your tongue," she gasped.  "Use your tongue 
inside of me.  Make sure you get every last drop of 
your nasty business."

From the sound of her voice I wondered if she really 
was afraid I missed some or if she only wanted to get 
off.  I wasn't taking any chances.  Besides, if I got 
her off, she might be in a friendlier disposition.  I 
drove my tongue into her sex and then moved up and 
licked her clit.  Even if she wasn't expecting an 
orgasm, she got one and a helluva good one from the 
sound of her moans.

After she came down from her orgasm, she looked down 
at my wet face and smiled.  "Oh baby, if you had made 
me cum like that earlier, we would never have gotten 
in this fix."

"Please, honey," I begged.  "Just let me go.  We can 
work this out some other way."  She looked as if she 
were considering it, but just then a there was a buzz 
of the doorbell.

"Oh God, she's here.  Listen honey, if you want to 
live, please-please-please don't make a sound while 
she's here.  I'll let you know when it's safe again."  
She hugged me tightly, but always holding the stun 
gun.  "Okay?"

"Okay."  

Man, this was the worst fix I had ever been in and the 
problem was: I had no idea how to get out of it.  I 
just needed a little time to think about it.  Where 
there's a will, there's a way.  For now, I would have 
to play along.

That night, my wife's new lover had sex with her time 
and time again.  Unfortunately, the bed they were in 
was right over mine.  Every moan and every squeak of 
the bed served as a brutal reminder of my loss of not 
only my wife, but my freedom. The chastity belt made 
sure of that.  

I hate to admit it but while I listened to them 
fucking there above me, it turned me on.  I'm not sure 
if it was my wife's loud cries of passion or if it was 
when her lover called her a filthy whore, whatever it 
was, my cock ached for release.  I tried everything to 
get beneath that dreaded belt, but the most I was able 
to do was wiggle half a pinky beneath it.  I couldn't 
even touch my cock.  

I placed my face into the pillow to muffle my sobs.  I 
didn't get much sleep, but then again, neither did my 
wife.

The next morning my wife came to the basement carrying 
a tray of breakfast.  I was sitting calmly propped up 
on the bed.  I kept my hand hidden under the sheets.  
I was bleeding a little from where I had been working 
the chain that was attached to the cuff, but she 
didn't need to know that.

"It's breakfast time, sweetie."  My wife looked a 
mess.  Her hair was in disarray and her robe was open 
displaying the evidence of her night's activities.  
The lips of her sex appeared inflamed and there were 
telltale hickies on her neck.  The bitch.  Wasn't it 
bad enough what she had done to me, did she have to 
flaunt it, mocking me?

"I'm not hungry right now, but you can leave it for 
later."  I was hungry, but I couldn't risk her seeing 
my hand.  It would be too easy for her to figure out 
what I had been doing.

Before I could react, there was the warning crackle of 
electricity.  My body was wracked by spasms from the 
stun gun.  My only thought was why?

"You were a very naughty boy last night.  I did all 
this for your own protection and how do you repay me?  
You disobey me!"  She snatched the covers off of my 
hand. "Do you think I'm stupid?  There are cameras 
watching your every move.  You can't even fart without 
me knowing it."

She went over to the trunk located at the far end of 
the room and opened it with a key.  Then she came back 
over with what looked like two black bags, which she 
began to put on my hands.

I struggled as soon as I realized their purpose, but 
after the stun gun, I was as weak as a kitten.  Soon 
my hands were balled up in the mittens and she locked 
each of them.  She had taken my hands away from me.  
Then, she got up, placed my tray on the floor and 
left.

It took awhile before I felt like I could move again.  
I experimentally tested the mittens on my hands. Then, 
I remembered the cameras.  I looked around for them, 
but couldn't find them.  As small as they make them 
now, they could be anywhere.  

I cried for awhile, but it was more dry heaves.  There 
weren't many tears left to give.  After thirty 
minutes, she descended the stairs again.

She looked down at my untouched breakfast and tapped 
the tray with her bare foot.  "When I said it was 
breakfast time; it wasn't a question."
She advanced with the stun gun.  There was no way I 
could endure that again, so soon after the last shock.

"Wait-wait, I wanted to, but my hands." I fell out of 
bed, as I sought to evade the stun gun.

"They're not coming off until I think you've learned 
your lesson.  Now eat your breakfast!"

I walked over toward the tray, but I found it was out 
of my reach.  "I can't reach it," I said.

"Sure you can.  You just aren't trying hard enough.  
Would you like me to encourage you?"

She was scaring me again.  She was the creature again, 
the uncaring creature that smiled and talked calmly 
while torturing and imprisoning her husband.  

I got down on my stomach and stretched out.  I reached 
for the tray to pull it to me, but she put her foot 
down on it.  

"Leave it," she commanded.

"How am I going eat it with no hands?"

"You've got a mouth don't you?"

I swallowed my pride and began to lap up the cold 
oatmeal, glaring up at her accusingly.  As if it 
weren't humiliating enough, she squatted so that her 
well used cunt was inches from my face.

"Don't you dare look at me like that.  If you had been 
satisfying me like a husband should, this would have 
never happened.  When you ate me yesterday, I almost 
had second thoughts about this.  That is, until she 
fucked me last night and what a fuck it was.  Just 
look at my poor little pussy.  Now, that is a well-
fucked pussy, isn't it?"  

I ignored her, licking up the last of the oatmeal.  
She pulled me head up by my hair, until I was staring 
at her sex.

"I said, isn't it?"

"Yes."  Just give in and give her what she wants, I 
told myself.  She has to make a mistake sometime.  A 
guest or a neighbor coming to visit, would be all that 
it took for me to get my freedom back.

"All you had to do was, do me like yesterday, but you 
had to hold back on me all this time, didn't you?"

"I'm sorry," I said.  Then attempting to get back in 
her good graces, I kissed the red crinkly lips of her 
sex.  The scent of her sex was overpowering after 
making love all night.  

She moaned in response and I gave her what she wanted.  
I tried to get back her good side or at least make her 
see reason, with my mouth and tongue.  She rolled me 
over on my back and rode my face.  

The chastity belt hurt my swollen cock.  I moaned from 
the pain and my need.  She confused my moans for 
pleasure. 

"You like this don't you?  Moan for me, my little 
lezzie.  You love this.  You love being my cunt slut."  
She tugged my nipples, teasing me even more.  By the 
time she finally came, my face was a mess and my 
tongue and lips ached.  

She took her time getting off of me and picked up 
several pills from the breakfast tray.  

"Here take these.  Don't worry, I'm not trying to kill 
you.  These will just help keep you on an even keel so 
to speech."  

I took the medicine.  She patted me on the head and 
then got up to leave.  As she ascended the stairs, she 
turned and asked.  "Now, aren't you sorry for making 
me take another lover," she said, twisting the knife 
in my heart.

This is the way it went for two weeks.  I stayed in 
the dark basement and didn't leave the bed except when 
my wife came down to feed me.  There was a bathroom in 
the basement as well, but without the use of my hands, 
I had to depend on her for all my needs.  My only 
entertainment was listening to the sounds above me in 
the house.  The pills she was giving me didn't seem to 
be working at all.  I lost track on the times I cried 
during the day.

Finally, the boredom and the sheer inhumanness of my 
current situation drove me to the edge of madness and 
despair.  I made my decision.

"Eat your breakfast or else," she warned, brandishing 
the stun gun.

"No.  Shock me all you want, but I'm not going to 
eat."

"Oh, you'll eat alright."

"No, I won't.  I can't live like this anymore.  I'd 
rather die.  Take these mittens off of my hands so I 
can end this torment."  I was proud of myself.  I 
didn't even cry.

She stroked my hair and looked into my eyes.  "You're 
right.  Listen, just eat your food and I'll think of 
something else, okay?"

"This is the last time," I warned, but obeyed her.  
She was actually nice enough to feed me with the spoon 
this time.

For the first time in weeks, I was happy.  One way or 
another I was getting out of this basement.  

Five hours later, she came down the steps again.  
Instead of bearing a tray of food, her arms were full 
of bags.  I could feel my anger rising.  I was trapped 
and contemplating suicide and while the bitch went 
shopping.

"I've got it!" she said.  "I figured out a solution to 
this mess."  She threw the bags on my bed and kissed 
me.

"Are you going to let me go?" I asked.

"In a manner of speaking, sweetie.  Go on; place your 
hands on the headboard.  I'm not taking any chances 
with you, while I remove all this stuff."

"I'm not going to live like this," I said.  "Promise 
you will turn me loose."

"I promise," she said in an exasperated manner.  As if 
she had the right to be exasperated.

I placed my hands on the bed and she cuffed them.  
Then she released me from all my other bonds.  
Afterwards, she buckled some sort of ring around the 
base of my penis.  

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Just be quiet and I'll tell you all about it," she 
said.  "Well, while I was out I had a brainstorm.  
Well, I owe it all to you, really.  You see, I almost 
feel like you're a lesbian when you eat me out.  So, I 
decided to make you into a girl.  Alex would never 
suspect that you were my husband then."

I started struggling again.  This was not the solution 
I expected.           

"Stop fighting me on this you little bitch," Jill 
said.  "Look it's either this or I leave you down here 
and I assure you, I can make you eat, even if I have 
to put a tube down your throat."

Images of her castrating me flashed through my mind.  
I pictured myself bleeding to death in the bed.  
"You're not going to cut me are you?"

"Of course not."

I stopped struggling and she unlocked one of the 
cuffs, placing the key in my free hand.  She kissed me 
and then stepped back.

"Go on, and undo your cuffs.  We have a lot of work to 
do, so we better get started.

I undid the cuff, stood up, and waited for the room to 
stop spinning.  Then, I walked towards the door, 
towards freedom.

"Where do you think you're going?" she asked.  

"I'm outta here."  But I wasn't.  Just then, it felt 
as though I had been kicked in the balls by a horse.  
I fell to the ground in the most intense pain I had 
ever experienced.

"That's just a taste of what happens when you disobey 
me," she said.  "Now get into the bathroom, so we can 
get started."

I couldn't walk, so I crawled to the bathroom.  Once 
there, she set to work transforming me.  First she 
gave me a bath and then shaved me.  Her mood appeared 
amiable, yet I knew a dangerous bitch lay just under 
the surface.  I didn't chance another encounter with 
her alter personality, so I did every thing she asked 
and answered her every question with a yes.

"Now how do we explain, how you came to live in this 
house?  How about we tell Alex you're the maid?  Would 
you like to be my little maid?"

"Yes."

"A maid should call the lady of the house Mistress, 
shouldn't she?"

"Yes . . . Mistress."  I would have called her Goddess 
to keep from getting shocked again. 

"Oh, I do so love the sound of that.  Don't you feel 
so sexy now that all that nasty old body hair is 
gone?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"We can't very well call you Maid can we?  And Bill 
and William are definitely not suitable names.  How 
about Bambi or Barbi?  Which do you like best?"

"Can I choose another?"

"I *said* Bambi or Barbi."

I wouldn't inflict a name like Bambi or Barbi on 
anyone, but I didn't appear to have much say in the 
matter, so Barbi it was.  "Barbi, Mistress."

"Well Barbi, your hair is too short for most anything 
except a bob.  Do you want me to give you a bob?"

"Yes, Mistress."  And so it went.  My eyebrows 
plucked, my ears pierced, some sort of latex breasts 
were glued to my chest, and I now had manicured nails. 
Worse, I had to agree to each step of my 
transformation.

Finally, she placed the chastity belt back on me and 
dressed me in a maid's uniform. However, there was one 
big difference which would become apparent later:  
there was no back in the skirt.  This meant that the 
cheeks of my ass would be exposed at all times.

"What do you think of yourself?" she asked, as we 
stood in front of a mirror.

"I-I look pretty Mistress."  The truth was; I wasn't 
just lying to please her.  I did look pretty.  I 
didn't even recognize the cute leggy brunette standing 
in front of the mirror in high heels.  As 
disconcerting as it was to admit, I would have tried 
to pick her-I mean me up.

"That isn't a very Barbi-ish voice is it?"

"Ugh-no, Mistress," I replied, sounding as feminine as 
possible.

"That's better Barbi, but say it lower, with more 
breath and less voice."

"Yes, Mistress." 

"A smidge softer, Barbi."

"Like this, Mistress?"

"Perfect."

***********************

I thought the worst was over, but the trials had only 
begun.  By the time the week was over, I almost 
yearned for days of being chained to the bed again.  

Everywhere I went, she followed behind carrying a 
riding crop, while I unlearned twenty years worth of 
living as a man.

  She alternately smacked each 
cheek of my bottom.  "You're walking like a horse 
again.  Swivel those hips and place one foot over the 
other when you step, Barbi."

I had seen the walk she wanted me to effect before.  
It wasn't a walk that you would see from a 
professional woman, unless that woman's profession was 
walking the streets.  As much as I tried to resist, it 
was a walk that soon became second nature. 

"Pick up that cigarette butt, Will," she ordered.

I bent forward at the waist as I had been taught, 
taking particular care for my movements to be 
graceful.  

 She cropped my ass, almost 
causing me to fall. I fucked up again; I had responded 
to my old name.  

"Your name isn't Will, is it bitch?  Who's Will?"

"No Mistress, my name is Barbi.  Will, is your dead 
husband, Mistress."  I curtseyed very low, because 
this was a bad offense.  The worst part was admitting 
that Will was dead, which never failed to bring tears 
to my eyes.  

"Who did you say you were?"

"I'm Barbi, Mistress.  Your lesbian maid."

"You didn't sound very thrilled at the prospect.  Are 
you sure you'd rather not be my cock-sucking maid 
instead?"

"No, Mistress.  I'm Barbi, your lesbian maid." I 
smiled and dropped to the floor, kissing her shoes.

"That's much better slut.  You better not forget it 
either," she warned, emphasizing her words with the 
crop.  "Mmmm, you look sexy licking my shoes, but I 
think I have something better for you to lick."

***************************

There wasn't a free moment to be myself.  My every 
waking breath was taken up by Barbi and my wife.  When 
we talked, she quizzed me about my life.  Of course, I 
made up convincing lies about a fantasy childhood, of 
being made fun of being named Barbi, of coming to 
terms with being a submissive lesbian.  Jill would 
cross-examine and punish me if I messed up even the 
tiniest detail.

She even bought me a Pilates exercise machine to 
lengthen my limbs and help me develop grace.  She kept 
my feet locked in heels even when I slept.  Much of my 
time was spent between her legs on what she called 
advanced courses in lesbianism.  I grew used to being 
continually teased and sexually frustrated.  My only 
release was the occasional nocturnal emission.

This was my routine for over a month.  I was no longer 
surprised when I walked in front of a mirror.  My 
punishments now were for failing to be a good maid, 
instead of failing to be a good female.  No one else 
had seen Barbi, because Jill didn't let me out of the 
house and would always send me down to the basement 
whenever Alex or someone else would come over.

However, that was all to change one morning. . .

***************************

It was morning and Mistress was late.  I passed the 
time by doing splits in bed.  Why?  Well, my wife was 
determined to make a woman out of me and women were 
more flexible than men.  Every morning Mistress would 
come down to examine my progress. She would make me 
try to put my legs behind my head, spread them to each 
side with my legs straight, and to each side with my 
legs bent.  As if this wasn't humiliating enough, she 
would measure my progress with a tape measure.  If 
there wasn't enough progress, she would punish the 
insides of my thighs until there was.

I stretched my legs wide, my inner thighs burning from 
the strain.  However, it wasn't even close to the burn 
from the crop.  It was at this moment I was broken out 
of my ruminations.

"Jill?  Jill?" I heard Alex calling for my wife 
throughout the house.  Then my worst fears came true 
when the door to the basement opened.  I quickly 
ducked my head under the pillow.

"Jill, are you down here?" The basement was only lit 
with a small nightlight.  I held perfectly still, 
hoping she wouldn't see me, but to no avail.

"Oh, there you are," she said.

I was petrified.  This was the woman who wanted to 
kill me and had stolen my wife.  Her voice was deep, 
but it wasn't quite a man's voice either.  

Oh, please go away-please go away. But, she didn't.  
Instead, she descended the steps.  I tried to shrink 
back, when she grabbed my ankle.

"Lookie-lookie, Jillie's wearing fuck-me pumps in bed. 
. . How kinky."  

It wasn't by choice that I had the heels on, I didn't 
even think about them anymore.  The only time I was 
allowed to take them off, was when I bathed.

I felt the hand move up my legs and cup my ass.  Then 
it moved towards the crotch and paused at the belt. 
She jerked the sheet off of my body.  I was only 
covered by the pillow over my head and a see-through 
nightie.

"Kinkier and Kinkier, Jillie.  Well, if I can't have 
that pussy, I'll have to settle for a piece of that 
ass."

I felt strong hands lift my ass up.  Then I felt her 
spit in my ass crack.  How disgusting.  A finger 
worked it in, which was withdrawn and replaced by two.  
I thought I would hate it, but instead I found it 
rather enjoyable.  

"Aw, listen to my little rich bitch moan.  She wants 
it up the ass doesn't she?" 

Was I moaning?  I probably was, after not having any 
sexual release in over a month.  

She slapped my ass.  Hard.  "I said, doesn't she?"  

I moaned loudly.  It was the only thing I could think 
to do. It was so dark, she couldn't see me well enough 
to know that I wasn't Jill, but if she heard my voice, 
I would surely be given away.

"I bet you do, slut," she said, jamming the head of 
her plastic cock against my tightly clenched virgin 
rosebud.  I cried out in pain.

"Oh, you've never done this before, have you?  I 
thought you had from the get-up.  Just relax your ass 
for me and daddy will take good care of you."

I heard her spit again, but I was thankful for the 
extra lubrication.  

I relaxed my ass as best I could and she slowly 
pressed it home until the full length was embedded in 
me.  She called me little pet names and stroked my 
back as I accepted it. Then, she slowly began to fuck 
me with it.  As I grew accustomed to it, she picked up 
the pace.  Her language changed.  She called me a high 
class slut and her rich ass whore, while she spanked 
my ass.

I was beyond caring at that point.  I felt a molten 
heat coursing through my loins.  I was going to cum.  
It was just then that she decided to pull out of my 
ass.  She teased me with the tip, poking it in my 
little hole, but not enough to finish me off.

"That's right moan for me bitch.  You should have let 
me do this a long time ago."

I couldn't help but moan.  I needed to cum and my cock 
hurt inside the tight sheath of the chastity belt.  

"Who's your daddy, little rich girl?  Huh ass whore? 
Who's your daddy?"

My body betrayed me.  I needed to cum more than 
anything.  "You are-ugh, you're my daddy," I moaned, 
raising myself onto all fours and thrusting back into 
her, filling my ass with her dildo.

"Who the fuck?" She pushed me off of her.  I turned 
back around and then reality set in.  Did she know who 
I was?  What was she going to do if she knew?  My gaze 
fell to the large dildo she wore between her legs.  
God, how had that huge thing fit inside of me?  She 
saw my stares and quickly put it back inside her 
pants.  She blushed from embarrassment. 

"Who the fuck are you and how the fuck did you get in 
here?" she demanded.

I froze up inside, unable to answer.  Instead, I fled 
the basement and her.  I ran up to the only safe place 
I could think of - my old bedroom.

As I burst in, I ran into my wife coming out of the 
bathroom and drying her hair.  I cringed behind her, 
with Alex following close behind.

"Damnit, don't make me chase you bitch- oh," Alex 
said, upon seeing Jill.  "Jill, would you mind telling 
me who you have in the basement?"

"Sweetie, I told you I was thinking about getting a 
maid."  Jill, pushed me in front of her.  "Alex, may I 
present Barbi, our new maid."  She spanked me on the 
ass.  "Have you forgotten your manners *girl*?"

"No, Mistress."  I curtseyed as I had been trained, 
bringing the small nightie up to my waist.  "A 
pleasure to meet you Alex."  This was the first time I 
had gotten a good look at the woman who had stolen my 
wife.  She had very short brown hair and her body 
could be best described as thick, not really fat, just 
thick.  The same could be said for her face.  There 
were no rolls of fat, but it was square shaped and the 
same width as her neck.  For, the life of me, I 
couldn't see what my wife found attractive about this 
person.

"Sorry about that down there Barbi, I thought you were 
Jill."  Alex looked over at Jill and blushed again.  
"You should have said something."

My wife raised the back of my nightie up and poked her 
finger in my loosened rear.  "I see.  Barbi, why 
didn't you tell Master Alex who you were?"

I felt the heat rise to my cheeks.  I shrugged my 
shoulders.  "I don't know.  Ugh-scared I guess."

My wife sat down on the bed.  "Over my lap Barbi.  You 
can't be getting into this kind of mischief in my 
house."

I looked up in horror.  She couldn't expect to spank 
me in front of Alex, could she?  Her eyes told me she 
could.  I placed myself over her legs.

"Give me your belt Alex," Jill said, exposing my ass.

"It's alright Jill.  It was an honest mistake. 
Besides, you can't honestly expect to *whip* her," 
Alex stated, yet I could hear the sound of her belt 
being unbuckled.  

"Oh, yes I can.  You see Barbi is submissive and she 
gets off on being dominated.  In return, she gives me 
a really good deal on her services."    She 
strapped me with the belt to emphasize he point.  
"Isn't that right, Barbi?"

"Ow-yes, Mistress."

"And I intend on getting a very good deal on the 
services rendered."  With that my wife gave my ass a 
beating, all while Alex watched.  I held back for as 
long as I could, trying to salvage what pride I could 
in front of my wife's lover, but eventually she broke 
me down.  I kicked my legs, squealed, cried, and 
blubbered, as my ass was covered with stripes.  I was 
thoroughly broken and humiliated by the time the 
ordeal was over.

Finally, the blows stopped.  "Now, go get yourself 
cleaned up and in uniform . . . the one in your 
closet.  Then make us a nice fruit bowl for 
breakfast."  

As I left the room, I heard Jill clear her throat.  
Shit, I almost forgot.  I turned and curtseyed.  
"Thank you Mistress." 

The show had obviously turned on my wife as well as 
Alex, judging by the way their hands traveled over one 
another.  

"Oh, and Barbi, I think we will take breakfast in 
bed."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, curtseyed again and then 
left.  My hands traveled over my throbbing ass to rub 
the pain out of the raised ridges left by the belt. 

I went down to my room, washed the tears from my eyes, 
and made my face up.  Then I put on the maid outfit in 
the closet.  I was pleased when I noticed this one 
didn't expose the cheeks of my ass.  I hurried to the 
kitchen and cut up some fruit and knocked on the 
bedroom door.  "Mistress, I have the fruit."

"Ah-well, bring it in girl."

I opened the door and almost stumbled when I saw the 
sight in front of me.  They were on the bed-our bed, 
making love.  I could see Alex's hips thrust and my 
wife's legs wrapped around her back, beneath the 
sheets.  Keeping my eyes averted from them, I walked 
over and placed the breakfast tray on the nightstand.

"Fuck Alex, you've got me so hot I'm going to cum like 
crazy.  Goddamn, I'm hot." I couldn't help but look at 
my wife biting Alex's shoulder.  She was drenched with 
sweat.  I was jealous.  Not just of my wife, but the 
pleasure she was receiving.  I hurried to get out of 
the room.

"Hot-hot-it's too goddamn hot.  Did I say you could 
leave Barbi-doll?  Oh baby, you're fucking me so good 
Alex-right there.  Work it right there.  Ugh- Barbi, 
turn the fan on and pull down the sheet, I'm burning 
up here-ah." 

How much more humiliation was I going to have to 
endure?  One thing was for sure:  there was no way 
Alex was going to mistake me for a jealous husband.  I 
did as I was asked, trying not to watch or disturb 
them while I did.  The worst part was uncovering them.  
I had always fantasized about my wife and another 
woman, but not like this.   Not watching a mannish 
woman fuck my wife while I was unable to do anything 
but watch.

"You want it you high-class bitch.  You want me to 
fuck you with it?" Alex demanded.

"Oh God yes!  Fuck me with that big cock!" my wife 
said, as she placed her feet over Alex's shoulders.  
Then Alex leaned forward, lifting my wife's ass off 
the bed, and began plowing into her pussy.  
Unfortunately for me, I could see every stroke and 
hear every wet smack.  

Jill cried and squealed as she came, with her 
fingernails digging into Alex's back. I stood to the 
side, trying to appear disinterested and not let my 
frustration and jealousy show.

"Get off of me, lover." Jill pushed Alex off, now that 
she was contented.  "Barbi-doll, go get us two towels 
and dampen them with cold water."

I went to the master bath and did as my wife 
requested.  I heard Alex whisper as I left.  "Are you 
sure it's okay for her to be in here like this?  While 
we are making love?"

"Awww, don't mind her.  She's just the maid.  Besides, 
do you see the way she flushes?  She loves it?  Barbi, 
where the fuck is my towel?  Get in here you little 
dim-wit."

I hurried back with the towels, handing one to my 
wife.

She made no effort to take it.  "What are you waiting 
for?  Wipe me down."

"Yes, Mistress."  I then had to bathe the sweaty body 
my wife while she lay in bed.  The air was heavy with 
the musky scent of sex.  I even had to sponge off my 
wife's well-used cunt.  When it was over, I went to 
get up.

"Aren't you forgetting someone?" Jill asked.

Surely she couldn't expect me to do Alex as well?

"It's okay.  I'll just grab a shower," Alex said.

"Oh Alex, you'll disappoint Barbi if you do that," 
Jill said, then turned to me and glared.  "Go on.  Ask 
Master Alex if you can wash him."

Just great.  Now, she expected my to call her dyke 
lover Master.  "P-Please Master Alex.  May I wash 
you?" I was mortified and completely humiliated at 
having to ask permission to serve the mannish woman.  

"Go for it," she said.

I bent down to do the awful task.  The butch dyke 
didn't even shave her armpits.  I cleaned her though, 
even cleaned the dildo that had violated my ass and my 
wife's sex.  

Jill took particular delight in twisting the knife in 
my gut.  "Isn't Alex so strong?  Doesn't Alex have a 
magnificent cock?  Have you ever seen one so large?" 

"Yes, Mistress.  Yes, Mistress.  No, Mistress."  Of 
course I haven't bitch, but I could buy one just as 
big as if I wanted to.  God, I hated that smug little 
bitch and her bull dyke lover.  This had to be the 
bottom.  Please don't let it get any worse than this.

***********************

Have you ever noticed that just when you think you've 
hit rock bottom, you find that there was a basement or 
a subterranean cavern.  Well, just when I thought it 
surely couldn't get any worse, I soon found out how 
wrong I was.

"Barbi-girl, I wanted to tell you, you've been doing a 
wonderful job," Jill said.

Of course I had.  Not only was I a full-time maid, and 
kept the house spotless, but I became a permanent 
fixture in their bedroom.  One day she even had me 
moisten Alex's dildo with my mouth before Alex fucked 
her.  Other times, I would be required to hold a leg 
here or there or massage a cramp.  If I failed to do 
as asked, I was whipped.  Refusal meant getting 
shocked as soon as Alex left the house.  I quickly 
learned not to refuse.  

"But, I've been worried about your little secret.  I 
think Alex is beginning to suspect something with your 
little belt," she said, before continuing ominously.  
"I think it's time to take more permanent measures."

"No, you can't!" I screamed, running for the door.  
She shocked me, the force of which dropped me to the 
floor and emptied my stomach.

"Stupid bitch.  I can do anything I want.  Haven't you 
learned that yet?"  She shocked me again and I passed 
out.

When I woke up, I was so cold, I thought I was dead.  
It turned out I was in a bathtub of freezing water and 
ice.  "Raise up for me now, Barbi-doll."

I somehow willed my pelvis up.  I was shocked at the 
sight.  My balls were gone, and my penis was only a 
tiny little stump.

She quickly dried my crotch, applied super glue around 
my crotch area, pressed on my tiny cock and pulled the 
skin together around it.  When she let go, my cock had 
disappeared.  In its place was a small slit.

"Well, that takes care of that."  Jill tussled my hair 
and helped me out of the tub.  

"Go on, test it out.  Let me see you use the 
bathroom."

I sat down on the toilet and when I released, water 
gushed from the tiny slit she created.  I knew that 
from now on, I would be sitting whenever I wanted to 
use the bathroom.  

While I shook and shivered, she inspected the rest of 
me.  She nodded and seemed satisfied, until she came 
to the fake breasts, she had glued to my chest.  I 
usually hid the seams with makeup so they appeared 
almost real.  However, the water had washed it away 
and my skin now had a bluish tinge.  

"Now let's see how these are coming along," she said.  
Then, she applied a solvent and removed them.  I was 
shocked to see what waited underneath.  I had breasts!  
What had she done to me?  Then I realized the pills 
she had been feeding me.

"Hmmmm, these are cute.  A little small, but 
definitely breasts."  My nipples were painfully hard 
from the cold.  She pinched one, causing me to squeal.  
She laughed, pleased with the results.

She helped me stand and led me to a mirror.  I was 
naked, without make-up, and appeared to be a girl.  

"Barbi-Barbi, are you a girl or a boy?" my wife asked.

"I'm a girl, Mistress." I answered the question as I 
always had.  Before, I knew for sure I was still a man 
-- still her husband underneath the clothes and 
makeup.  But, now I wasn't so sure.  Tears rolled down 
my cheeks and I searched the image for some trace.  
Any trace of my former self.  

However, no matter how hard I looked, I couldn't see 
Will in the mirror anymore, only Barbi.

"I put your controller inside of you with your little 
clittie.  I'm not sure what the results would be if I 
were to have to use it.  Would you like for me to test 
it?"  She said, pulling out the remote in warning.

I fell to my knees.  "Please don't, Mistress," I 
begged.

"Then you better start begging girl," she said, 
glancing down at her crotch.

I lowered her panties and lightly kissed her sex.  
"Please, Mistress."  She was very wet.  I kissed her 
thick lips.  She turned around and leaned forward.

"Keep begging."

I kissed each of her cheeks.  She reached her hands 
back and spread them.  "I said beg you little twit."

Having no choice, I kissed her puckered ring for the 
first time. She appeared clean, but I could still 
smell the aroma of her ass.  "Please, Mistress," I 
begged.  I steeled myself and licked her there.  

"Mmmmm, I can tell by the way you're moaning; you love 
this slut.  Well, don't you worry, there is plenty 
more where this came from," Jill said.  "Work that 
tongue in there Barbi-girl, tongue fuck my ass."

I couldn't help moaning.  The more aroused I got, the 
more my penis hurt inside my new slit.  I slipped my 
tongue past her tight ring and worshiped her ass.  I 
snuck my fingers into her sex.  She came twice before 
she let me up.

My life got a little worse after that day.  I went 
without panties most of the time and each curtsey 
emasculated me a little more.  Alex took more of an 
interest in me, to my dismay.  She would touch me 
inappropriately.  The worst was when she talked to me, 
especially, when she asked about my life.  I was 
always so scared I would give away my secret; I know I 
must have sounded like a simpering idiot.

Jill was spending less and less time inside the house.  
I was left alone with Alex, which always scared me.  
While I was dusting in the living room, she came up 
behind me and placed her arms to either side of me, 
trapping me.

"You look nice today, Barbi."

"Thank you, Master Alex," I said, curtseying and 
blushing.  My blush was a little redder than normal 
today, because I had not been allowed to wear panties.  
In the mirror, I could see Alex's eyes fastened onto 
my little slit.  She was wearing sweatpants and I 
could feel the outline of her dildo against my ass, 
when I raised and lowered in my curtsey.

"Your nails look nice, is that a new color?"

"It's Berry Red.  It's different, but not new."  I 
curtseyed again.  This time Alex was closer, grinding 
against me.  I was unable to lower my skirt due to her 
closeness.

"Your eyes are very pretty, Barbi."

"Thank you, Master Alex."  I curtseyed again.  I could 
feel myself flush with arousal. 

I felt her pull the uniform from over my head.  I knew 
I should try to stop her somehow.  Her hands grabbed 
my small breasts and fondled my hard nipples.

"Has anyone ever told you that you have beautiful 
breasts, little Barbi?"

I looked down and blushed.  My nipples were erect.  
"Jill says they are too small.  She thinks I should 
have implants."

She pinched them, causing me to moan.  "Don't ever do 
that Barbi, they are wonderful."  Her hands traveled 
down my stomach, and she tried to touch my slit.

I grabbed her hand and jerked it away, lest she 
discover my secret.  "Please don't."

"Sorry," she said, pulling away.

I should have just let her go, but my body refused to 
let go of her hand.  I don't know what possessed me.  
Maybe it was going without sex for over three months 
now, maybe it was the hormones Jill must have 
assuredly been feeding me or maybe it was having 
someone who was kind to me.  

"Wait," I said.  I still don't know what possessed me, 
but I pulled her finger to my mouth and sucked on it.  
Then I leaned forward and guided her hand to my ass. 

"Is this what you want?  Is this where you want it?"

"Yes.  Please, Alex - I mean Master Alex."

Her finger probed my opening.  It felt just as 
wonderful as I remembered when she mistook me for my 
wife in the basement. She tried to use her dildo, but 
it was too big and I was too dry.

She could tell I was growing increasingly frustrated.  
She tried to lead me to the bedroom.  

"No, not there."  There were too many bad memories in 
that bedroom.  I pulled her with me - downstairs to 
the basement.

I slid into bed on all fours.  Using a bottle of 
lotion, she lubricated my ass, opening me with her 
fingers.  She pulled them back and I felt the head of 
her cock at my back entrance.

"Wait," I said.  "Talk to me like before."

"You're gorgeous, Barbi.  Perfect."

"No, not like upstairs.  Like before."  God, I wasn't 
even a woman anymore.  I was turning into such a slut.

"What is it Barbi?  Tell me what you want me to do."

"Talk dirty to me and fuck me.  Fuck me in the ass."

"Are you gonna be my ass-whore?  My little slut 
serving girl?" Alex said, falling easily into her 
role.

"Yes, Master Alex.  Fuck me hard!  Fuck my ass!"

She entered me and I pushed back, burying her dildo in 
my ass in one stroke.  I felt like I had been split in 
two, but it felt good.  I felt full.

"Take it slut," Alex said, slapping my ass in time 
with her strokes.  

I cried, I grunted, I moaned, and then I felt the 
feeling again from before.  My body grew hot and I 
could feel the pleasure grip.  I came for the first 
time in months.  I reached my hand down and cupped my 
slit, catching the evidence and then disposing of it.

"God, you are wonderful," Alex said, massaging my 
shoulders.  "Jill doesn't do that, have you noticed.  
You've had to.  She just lays there."

I knew Alex was right.  That was the way she did when 
we were married and that was the way she was with me 
now.  Hmmm, actually even though we were still married 
on paper; I didn't even think of her as my wife 
anymore.  

**************************

Later that night, I was awoken by someone shaking my 
shoulder.  "Alex?" I mumbled.

"No, Barbi, it's just me, you cheating little whore," 
Jill said.

"Mistress?  I'm sorry Mistress," I gushed, beginning 
to sob.

"Shush, Barbi.  I couldn't expect a little dim-witted 
slut like you to keep her legs closed.  You can 
entertain Alex all you want, as long as you perform 
the rest of your duties."

I felt her crawling over me.  Then her skirt settled 
over my face.  "Now get busy with your duties."

I knew my duties well having performed them at least 
twice a day, for the last several months.  I knew her 
different flavors by heart, even the strong scent of 
her monthlies.  This time, I caught a different 
flavor, a bitter taste, much like my own before I 
became Jill.  

She was cheating again.  Not just on me, but on Alex 
as well.  She was cheating with another man.  She 
caught my hesitation.

"You know Barbi, sometimes a woman needs a man.  A 
warm cock to pump her full of semen.  Sometimes, a 
talented mouth or cold dildo just doesn't cut it."

I felt a fleeting jealousy and betrayal, but what 
could I do?  My cock was hidden away inside of me.  It 
was useless.  I was only a mouth to her.  

"This is going to be our little secret okay?"  Then 
she settled down on my face.  I pleasured her as I 
always had.  She grunted and flexed her hips three 
times, signaling her orgasm.  She sat on my face, 
while it faded, then she simply got up and left.  

Things actually got better for me after that.  
Whenever, Alex began to ask too many personal 
questions, I would press her hand under the back of my 
skirt.  A simple "I need you," would shut her up.  

Jill was around less often . . . probably with her new 
lover.  I didn't care, it meant less whippings.  Which 
was good for me. She always seemed to come home with a 
cunt full of cum, but I had grown used to it.  
However, I never grew used to the things she told me 
while I service her.

"Oh Barbi-girl, I have a present for you," she would 
taunt in a sing-song voice.  "My poor cunny is full of 
cum and we can't let Alex find out, can we?  That's it 
baby.  Suck it all out of me.  Yes, I know there is a 
lot in there.  He had the biggest balls.  You should 
have heard the way they slapped against me.  I've got 
a load in my ass too for you too, when you are 
finished there."

After I serviced her, and that was what it was too . . 
. servicing.  She never once touched me for pleasure.  
After she came, she got up to leave as usual. 

"Mistress?" I asked before she left.

"Yes, Barbi-girl."

"Are you sure Alex would kill me?" I asked.  It was 
something I had found myself contemplating more and 
more lately.  

"Bitch!" she accused.  She picked up the crop and 
spanked me like never before.  She spanked my ass, my 
thighs, my tiny slit, even my newly formed breasts. 
"Stupid cunt.  You even think like a pussy now.  Well, 
I'll show you what happens to stupid bitches that 
think too much."

I cried myself to sleep.

The next morning, after I served breakfast, I couldn't 
even bear to sit down in the chair.  

"Alex," my wife said smugly, giving me a knowing 
glance.  "What would you do if you ran into my 
husband?"

Alex's hand clenched so hard her knuckles turned 
white.  "I would slit his throat and stick his balls 
down the hole."

Jill patted Alex's hand. "Well, he's gone forever now, 
so we won't have to worry about that.  Barbi, honey, 
pick up the bowl you dropped and throw the pieces away 
before someone gets cut."

"Yes, Mistress," I said, still shaking in fear.

"Alex, do you mind if I take Barbi with me today?"

Alex looked over at me.   It was clear she didn't want 
me to go, but she shrugged her shoulders.  "Yeah, I 
guess."

******************

Later that day, my wife took me to the beauty salon 
and I got a new hairstyle.  My bangs were swept to the 
front, framing my face and my bob was made even more 
dramatic.  

"I need to get her lips done," my wife said. "and do 
you do piercing here, as well?" 

"Yes, we do, and electrolysis too."

"Maybe next time, but I want her to have a tongue stud 
today."

The beautician stared at me, curious that I didn't say 
anything. Then she gave a knowing smirk and set back 
to work.

My lips were injected with something that stung like 
mad.  When I looked in the mirror, I noticed they were 
twice the normal size. Then, another girl was called 
from the back.  She unwrapped a long needle and asked 
me to stick my tongue out.  She jabbed the needle 
through my tongue and filled the hole with a ball 
stud.

When we got back in the car, I flipped the visor down 
and touched my tender lips.

"What do men call lips like that Barbi?" my wife 
asked.

I tried to keep myself from crying, but I was 
unsuccessful.  "C-Cockthuther lisp, Mithwess."  Dear 
God, I couldn't even speak.

She had persuaded me.  I would never ask about Alex 
again or second guess my wife.  However, she wasn't 
finished.  She took me to a hotel room and had me 
strip her and then had me strip down to my stockings.

"Ha-ha, you even sound like a cocksucker now."

She laid on the bed and spread her legs lewdly.  "I 
want to test that tongue stud out slut."  

I ate her, while she played with my hair.  However, 
she wouldn't let me make her cum.  Every time she got 
close, she would pull my head back.  

"No slut, just keep me ready," Jill said.

There was a knock on the door.

"Get it slut.  No, don't put anything else on," she 
said.

"Yeth, Mithwess."  I curtseyed.  I opened the door, 
using it to shield my naked body.  It was a young man.  
He appeared to be young, about my age.

"Oh good, it's Mark," Jill said.  "Ask him in stupid."

I cringed at the thought of someone else being in on 
my secret, but I had no choice in the matter.  I 
curtseyed as I had been taught.  "Pwease come in 
Mather Mahk."

"She talks funny," Mark said, laughing at my efforts 
to talk.  "Is she a retard or something?"

Asshole!  Let's see how you would talk after your lips 
were blown up like balloons and your tongue pierced.  

"That's just the way she talks.  I kind of like it.  I 
think it's cute."

Mark entered the room and walked around me, inspecting 
me.  "Wow!" he exclaimed.  "What is she, some kind of 
slave?"

"Oh yes," my wife said.  "Go on stupid.  Undress him."

With shaking hands, I removed his clothes and folded 
them up on the chair.  

"You're taking too long slut.  I've dried out now.  
Get him nice and wet for me."

I couldn't believe my ears.  It was one thing to do 
this for Alex, but quite another for a real man.  I 
looked over at her to plead with her, but her eyes 
didn't waver.  She held the remote in her hand as a 
warning.

I dropped to my knees.  I looked up frightfully at his 
already aroused cock.  I licked it, lubricating it for 
her.

"Put it in your mouth stupid," Jill said.

God, I hated that bitch.  I opened my mouth and tried 
to wrap my lips around his cock.  Alex's was much 
larger, but after the collagen injections this one 
felt huge.  I moaned as it pushed against my swollen 
lips.  

"Fuck this bitch is hot.  I've never seen lips like 
that.  Listen to her moan.  Go ahead and moan baby."  
Mark put his hand behind my head and fucked my face.

"Don't you dare waste that on her, Mark.  Come here 
and put that cock in my pussy," Jill said.

Mark reluctantly pulled out of my mouth and walked 
over to the bed. He got between my wife's thighs, but 
she stopped him.

"Come here stupid and place that big cock inside of 
me," Jill said.

I was mortified.  I got on the bed and pointed Mark's 
shiny cock at my wife's very aroused sex.  I pushed 
his hips forward with my other hand, until he was 
fully in her.  

"Un-fucking-real," Mark said incredulously.  "She does 
everything you say."

"Oh yes, she loves me, but she knows I need cock.  
Come on Barbi-slut.  Help Mark fuck me.  That's a 
girl.  Show him what I like."

I was slightly in a daze, but I did it.  I pushed him 
in and out of her.  I showed him how to lean back, so 
that his cock hit the top of her sex, like she wanted.  
I licked her clit while he fucked her.  When he came, 
my wife ordered me to squeeze his balls, so that his 
cum would empty into her.

"Now this is Barbi's favorite part," Jill said, her 
legs still lewdly spread.  "Come on dear, get your 
present."

"No-fucking-way," Mark said, while I bent to perform 
my disgusting task.  I lapped and sucked their 
combined fluids out of her swollen.  My lips and 
pierced tongue ached, but I was still able to make her 
orgasm.  

"Tank, yew Mithwess," I said afterwards.

Mark was sitting in a chair, staring openmouthed at 
me.  "Can she do me Jill?  I need me some cleaning 
too." he grinned.

I looked down in horror at his softened cock.  Jill 
caught the look of fear in my eyes and smiled.  "Yes, 
sweetie, she would love to.  Besides, I think I've had 
enough cock for awhile.  Go on slut, you know what to 
do."

I couldn't believe she would make me do this.  In all 
our time together, she had never sucked my cock.  I 
got out of bed and knelt between his thighs.  

"Say, please, Master Mark."  Jill said.

I burned with humiliation, my eyes fixed to the floor.  
"Pwease, Masther Mahk."

"Do me slut."  I bent to take it in my mouth.  "No, 
retard.  Lick it first, like a lollipop," Mark said.

What an asshole; what could she see in this jerk?  I 
began the disgusting task of cleaning his cock.

"The balls too."

I licked his sweaty hairy balls, surrendering whatever 
pride I had left.  To my horror, I watched as his cock 
began to swell and bob up against his stomach.

"Take it between those cocksucker lips, slut," he 
ordered.

I took his member in my mouth, and he pushed on the 
back of my head until it was down my throat.  "God, 
this is one hot bitch.  Those lips and that tongue are 
driving me crazy."

He grabbed my hair and pushed me up and down his shaft 
with increasing speed.  My breath came raggedly out of 
my nose.  

"Move her hair out of the way.  I want to get a close-
up of this," Jill said.

I looked over in horror at the camera Jill had pointed 
at my face.  Tears welled in my eyes, as I felt his 
cock swell on my mouth.  I had no choice but to 
swallow the semen coursing down my throat.  The 
flashes from the camera cut me to my soul.

*****************************

As we drove home that night, I looked out the window 
at the night sky.  I touched my swollen lips, wincing 
at the pain.  After we left the hotel room, we went 
shopping and then to a movie.  Mistress had given me a 
new name.  Cocksucker.

"Hey, Cocksucker, get out your pictures.  I want to 
look at them again."

I got out the pictures she had taken while I sucked 
Mark's cock and handed them to her.  After we left the 
hotel room, she took me to the one-hour photo shop.

"If you are tempted to run off slut, take a moment and 
think about it before you do.  Here you are dressed as 
a slut with a pack of condoms in your pocket book.  
Anyone who sees you will think you're a whore. You 
would end up in jail as a bitch to whoever has the 
most cigarettes."  

She was right.  I was totally under her control even 
when she wasn't there.  She left to go shopping, while 
I stood there waiting for the photos to be processed.  

The employees at the store had a lot of laughs at my 
expense.  To my dismay, I watched while they passed my 
pictures around, giggling and pointing at me.  During 
this time the line at the counter had grown quite 
long.  

Then, the young man took my photos to the front and 
opened up the pack.  He flipped through them in front 
of everyone until he came to a picture of me licking a 
strand of cum that was stuck to my lips.  "You had a 
bad case of red-eye on this one, but we were able to 
clean it up."

"Thank you.  Can I just pay for them now," I said, 
blushing in humiliation.

"Sure.  Are you sure you wouldn't like one of these 
pictures put on a mug or a t-shirt?" I heard several 
sniggers behind me.

"No thanks.  I just want to pay for them *now*."  

I paid for the pictures, leaving another piece of my 
dignity at the camera shop.  I wondered how much I had 
left.

The worst part was telling my wife every sordid detail 
of the affair afterwards.  

"Hey cocksucker, I kind of like this picture here 
where his knob is just in your mouth.  You look so 
cute like that.  Tomorrow, I'm going to take you back 
to the photo shop, so you can get a t-shirt with this 
on it."

Thanks bitch.  Thanks for giving me something to look 
forward to.  Thankfully, she was tired and when we 
arrived home, I was able to go straight to bed.  I 
cried for a few minutes, but I was too tired to cry 
for long.  

I awoke that night when the lights in the basement 
were cut on.  I heard someone coming down the steps.  
Then the lights were went back off and I felt someone 
got into bed with me.

"Alex?"  The light kisses at my neck were the answer 
to my question.  

"Where do you want it, my little ass whore?" she 
asked.

"Shhh-don't talk tonight.  Just make love to me."  I 
grabbed her cock and positioned it at my entrance.  
She spooned behind me and made love to me. I didn't 
cum, but I faked it.  It just felt good to have 
someone close to me. I wondered how someone who 
treated me so nice; could hate someone the way she 
hated Will.

I wondered how someone who supposedly loved me like my 
wife, didn't seem to care at all when she took the 
pleasure I gave or when she was giving me pain.

It made me think of something that had been at the 
back of my mind for awhile.  I rolled over on top of 
Alex, straddling her with my legs and resting my head 
on her chest.  "Alex, when you are with me, do you 
cum?"

She hugged me tightly, but waited a while before she 
answered.  "You're the best Barbi.  You give me all 
the pleasure I need."  Then she kissed me.

I felt her hands moving up and down my bottom.  This 
was a game I played before.  She wasn't getting out of 
it that easy.  

"But, do you cum?"

She stopped caressing me and took too long to answer.  
"Of course."

I slid down her body, kissing her skin around the 
straps that attached her dildo.  I began sliding them 
down her hips.

She caught my hands.  "Please Barb.  I don't like it 
like that . . . not since I was-"

"Shhh," I kissed the top of her curly hair, inhaling 
her musky aroma.  "I want to suck your cock." Though 
she held my hands, I worked it down further with my 
mouth.  I kissed her swollen clit.

"Are you going to make me beg for it?  I will you 
know.  I'll beg for it," I pleaded.  "Please Alex, let 
me suck your cock.  I need it." 

She moaned, letting my hands go.  I pulled the harness 
off.  Then, I kissed my way back up her thighs, but 
she kept her sex covered with her hands.

I sucked a finger as if it were a cock.  I could feel 
her resistance waning.  "I'm a cocksucking slut.  I 
need your dick in my mouth.  Please?"

Her hands fell away and I sucked her clit in my mouth 
as if it were a dick.  I pulled my mouth off with a 
loud smack.  "God, you're so big and hard Alex.  I'm 
going to make you cum in my mouth."

She cradled my mouth back to her clit with a loud 
moan.  The swelling in my lips became a vague memory, 
as her cries grew louder and louder.  I made her cum 
probably for the first time ever.

Afterwards, she cradled me to her chest.  "I love you 
Barbi," she said.  Then she turned on the table lamp.  
When she looked at me, the shock was written on her 
face.  I remembered my swollen lips, hid them in her 
chest and began to sob.  I was afraid she wouldn't 
like me, now that I looked like a comical freak . . . 
a human blow-up doll.  

"What the fuck happened.  Who hit you?  Has Jill 
started back up with that wife-beater Will again?  If 
he's done this to you, I will kill him . . . and then 
I'll kill her."

I cried even harder.  "Nobody hit me.  It's just 
collagen injections.  I-I never beat Jill.  I never 
beat anyone," I sobbed.

Alex rolled me off of her and looked into my eyes. 
"What did you say?" 

"I-I never beat her - never."  It was out now.  She 
knew that I was Will.  "Please Alex, please don't hurt 
me."

"It's impossible.  You can't be a man.  I've seen you 
without your clothes on," she stammered, eying my 
body.

It was too late now.  Besides, I just wanted the lies 
to be over.  I spread my legs and brought her finger 
to my slit.  "Be careful - please."

She gently investigated it.  She found that there was 
nothing inside, it was just skin fused tightly 
together.

"Unbelievable.  Why?  Why did you do this?"

I sobbed hysterically and blabbed it all out -- every 
sordid detail.  Alex listened to the story, growing 
madder and madder as I told my sick tale.  

"I fucking kill her.  I'll kill the bitch myself," 
Alex said at the end.

But she didn't kill her.  The marriage is over and I 
got a very generous settlement.  Alex stood beside me 
in the courtroom as a gentle reminder to Jill.  It 
didn't hurt that we had stolen the video tapes Jill 
had made of my transformation.  There was enough 
incriminating evidence to get her sent away for a very 
long time. The settlement was very generous.

After the trial, Alex kissed me on the cheek.  "If you 
ever can forgive me, I would like to be your friend."

It had been awhile since I had seen Alex.  I had spent 
the time before the trial by myself, because I had a 
lot to think about.  

I hooked my arm inside of hers and led her into the 
hall. "Come here.  I've got something to show you."  I 
took her to the ladies room and locked the door to the 
stall.  She looked at me questioningly and slightly 
afraid.

I reached for her belt and began to unfasten it. She 
pulled my hands away. "Are you going to make me beg?  
I will you know," I said.

I took hold of the hem of my tight black dress and 
pulled it over my head.  Alex's eyes fastened onto my 
body.  I took off the heels I was wearing and stood 
before Alex totally nude.  

It was my turn to be afraid, but I had to find out the 
truth.  "Do you think I'm pretty?"

"Yes," Alex breathed.  She stared at my breasts, but 
her eyes avoided my slit.  Yes, I still kept it tucked 
up.  Maybe it was because it had been inside of me for 
so long maybe it was the hormones Jill had given me 
and I still took, but I no longer grew hard.

"Are you afraid to look at it, because I'm a freak?" I 
asked.

"No," Alex grabbed me and pushed me against the stall.  
She manhandled me, lifted my leg up and placed it on 
the tissue dispenser, lewdly spreading my legs.  Then, 
she knelt down between them and lovingly kissed my 
slit.  I felt her tongue work in the grove and tease 
the head of my penis within.  My legs grow weak under 
her attentions.

She stood up and kissed me hard, forcing her tongue in 
my mouth.  I could feel the bulge in her pants, as she 
ground against me.  She unzipped her pants, freeing 
her cock.  

I bent down and took it in my mouth, until it was 
covered in saliva.  She reached down, grabbed me in 
her arms and lifted me easily.  My legs wrapped around 
her waist and I felt the head of her cock at my 
entrance.

"I guess you're a rich bitch now, huh?  I wonder how 
much you would pay for a good fucking right now?" Alex 
said.  

"I'd give it all to you," I moaned.

"But you don't have any money right now, do you?"

"No," I admitted.

"Hmmm, what else do you have to barter with?  How 
about your body?"

"Yes, you can have it."

She lowered me an inch, so that her cock slipped 
inside my entrance.  

"I like the sound of that bitch."  She rubbed her hand 
over my body possessively.  "This my body.  You belong 
to me now, don't you slut."

"Yes."  I wrapped my legs around her tighter.  "Please 
fuck me."

"How much are you worth now, bitch?" Alex demanded.  
"How much did you win, cunt?"

"Oh God, seven hundred thousand, Master Alex."

"That's right slut, you better start addressing me 
properly or I will have to punish you."  She lowered 
me until her cock was fully embedded in my ass.  

"You want to be fucked, don't you?  Beg me to fuck 
you."

"Ugh-please fuck me.  Fuck my ass," I moaned.

"Louder!" Alex demanded, slapping my ass.

I couldn't believe she was doing this in such a public 
place.  I never realized how much something like this 
could turn me on.  "Goddamn it, fuck me now!  Please 
fuck me!" my cries echoed off the tile walls.

She fucked me right there.  My back slapped against 
the stall every time she slammed into me.  She drove 
her tongue into my open mouth.  

"You're my whore now.  My million dollar maid," Alex 
grunted out between strokes and I knew she was right.  
"You'll sleep with me in the master bedroom, but I've 
grown to love you as the maid.  Do you understand me?"

"Ahhh-yes," I gasped.  I was going to be the maid - 
her maid.  I picture myself teetering on my heels, 
while Alex drove into me from behind while I attempted 
to vacuum.  I could feel the orgasm seize my insides, 
as I clenched her pumping cock. I felt the white hot 
stab of pleasure, as my cum built up and struggled to 
escape my slit. 

"Ugh-Ugh-going to take a firm hand with you," she 
grunted.  

I snuck my hand down her pants and fingered her 
clenched ass.  "Ugh-make-you-pay-for-that-ugh-slut-
cumming-cumming," she gasped.

Her body shook, as she ground her crotch against mine.  
I explored her mouth with my tongue, tasting her soft 
whimpers.

"I love you Alex," I said between kisses.


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.





Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





