BDSM Library - Cristal Fantasy




Cristal Fantasy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A grumpy old guy awakens a young girls fantasy. A less violent then normal composition centering on castration.
Cristal Fantasy


	He opened the door to her persistent knocking.  She was very young, with
an over painted face and jeans that rode so low on her hips that a small tuft of
untrimmed pubic hair peeked over the waistband.  She reeked of presumptuousness
and of pheromone tainted perfume.

	"Wanna buy a magazine, Mister?"

	The old man scowled at the bubbly creature incredulously.  He had no
interest whatsoever in purchasing another persons opinion of the lonely world he
had grown to despise since he lost his wife several years earlier.  Further, he
had little more than contempt for today's youth with their irresponsibility and
irreverence for anything but materialism.  He glared at her without blinking.

	"So, you wanna. . ."

	"No; now beat it," he spat cutting her off savagely while slamming the
door in her face.  The gum fell from her mouth as it dropped open.  She thought
of what he had said and briefly considered beating on the weathered door in
anger, but rather, she shrugged her shoulders and walked back into the morning
sun fumbling in her purse for another piece of chewing gum.  She stopped briefly
at his mailbox and took note of the name scrawled there in weatherworn letters -
Landers.  She sneered something incoherent under her breath and turned towards
the next house. 

	Harry Landers had always been proud of his years in the shipyard.  The
long hours had supported his obsessive wife and two sons through the family
years with a sufficient income to afford the necessities with ease.  He had
watched his boys turn into men and disappear over the horizon towards their
destiny as his wife became increasingly frigid and antisocial.  One morning in
one of her frequent bursts of rage, her overtaxed heart  burst, leaving him to
weather his final years alone and lonely.  He became bitter and turned towards
himself, rarely seeking the console of others and growing to despise those who
did.  His days were long and he frequently found himself staring at the ceiling.

	Cristal wasn't very popular or very bright.  Her school counselor had
told her disinterested parents that she was in need of guidance and support
which despite their convincing assurances, they would never have the time or
interest to render.  So Cristal wandered through the myriads of temptations
trying everything at least once while never committing to anything.  She was
bitter and lonely; not unlike the old fart that had slammed the door in her face
earlier that day.  Yet unlike Harry, she had never learned to forgive and
forget; rather embracing the concept of sweet revenge.  As she sat through her
afternoon classes, she began to fantasize about exacting revenge with such
intensity that her daydreams soon became plans.

	It became apparent to the young girl somewhat early in life, that her
counterparts frail egos were centered, with very few exceptions, between their
legs.  She had triggered a multitude of male orgasms in her young lifetime, and
had quickly learned how to manipulate the spongy tissue into its full glory with
a minimum of effort.  Equally, she had learned how to effectively exploit the
male gonads to humble even her most aggressive partner.  Yet, until now, she had
never submitted to her darkest fantasies knowing that once she had crossed that
threshold, she would never return.  The thought of the mornings encounter with
Harry continued to intensify, until suddenly, midway through her chemistry lab,
something inside of her snapped and she bolted through the double doors and
disappeared.

	A raspy knock came to his door around four in the afternoon as Harry had
just completed making his tuna sandwich.  "Damn," he swore aloud, "Second time
today."  He set the plate on small end table in the hallway and staggered to the
door to peer out the security lens.  Whoever or whatever was outside had covered
the exterior opening and he sore to himself again.  "Who's there!"  There was no
answer, but as he turned back towards his sandwich, there was another, more
forceful knock.  The noise startled him only momentarily, and without turning he
snarled "Leave me alone!"  Again, there was a third and even more forceful
knock, with which Harry lost his patience, and, throwing the sandwich back onto
the plate, he thundered to the door and flung it open.

	Before a word could form on his lips, Cristal brought her knee up
forcefully between his legs, and pushed his crumbling carcass backwards as she
closed and bolted the front door behind them.  Harry tried to scream, but it
felt as if his gonads were lodged in his throat and he could only curl into a
fetal position to protect himself.  He trembled and tried to vomit as a second
well placed kick landed between his legs sending him into blissful darkness.  He
awoke to darkness, tied fitfully to his own bed without a stitch of clothing. 
He was cold, and thought he heard someone in the kitchen.  The clatter continued
for some time before he heard footsteps approaching the foot of the bed. 

	"Hi there, remember me?"  The light flicked on and there stood his
captor, the sultry dressed Cristal with a plate full of fresh fruit and a
demonic smile that sent chills through his spine.  "You weren't very nice to me
today, Mr Landers," and I think you should apologize!"  She took a bite of one
of the apples and gazed at him expectantly.

	Quickly assessing his options, he felt a deep throbbing emanating from
his bruised gonads and the ropes cutting into his wrists and ankles.  He was
hardly in a position to bargain at this point.  "I'm sorry, young lady." 
	
	"Louder and with more feeling," she barked.

	"I'm truly sorry," he chanted in his most convincing voice although if
one listened carefully, they could hear a slight tremble in his delivery.

	She sat on the side of the bed and studied his face for a moment before
letting her eyes wander across the valleys and bulges of his aging body.  "Boy,
men sure get ugly when they get old!"  She reached over and touched his wilted
manhood, studying the pale wrinkled flesh with half-hearted interest.  It was
the first time he had felt someone touch his cock in years and he shuddered at
her touch.  "I heard somewhere that these things are responsible for your bad
attitude," she commented as her hand encased his ball sack and began to squeeze
its contents fitfully.

	"I...I...d...d...don't know" Harry stammered, as he tried to conceal his
increasing discomfort.

	"I do," she quipped as she gave them a final squeeze sending his hips of
the mattress, "And I think we should do something about it!  Here. . ."  She
jammed an apple into his mouth as he tried to mutter a response.  She could feel
her blood beginning to boil with anger as she continued to fondle his genitals. 
"Just think of all the places this little soldier has been," she commented as
her free hand found his glans and began to  squeeze the distended gristle gently
between her thumb and forefinger.  "And just think of how many times your seed
has boiled from within these shriveled little things" she taunted as she gave
his gonads another firm squeeze.  "I think it's time that we give them a
permanent vacation and make sure you're nice to everyone from now on, don't
you?"

	With her last comment, she began to pull more forcefully on his
genitals.  Despite Harry's muffled objections, she continued to massage the once
virile flesh methodically, eventually bringing his unused cock to its pale
fullness, as his gonads tucked themselves neatly under the throbbing pole.  She
was so overwhelmed by its gleaming stature that her anger was momentarily
repressed with passion as she leapt to her feet and removed her skirt.  With the
nimble flexibility of youth, she quickly straddled his torso, and guided him
into her wetness, engulfing the shaft rapidly in one quick motion.  She began
thrusting herself against him unmercifully, fueled by passion and frustration
until, with one final lunge she arched her back and screamed her release at the
heavens amidst an explosive geyser of feminine ejaculate.  Cristal collapsed on
him in exhaustion as he continued to moan incoherently at her assault.

	Her awareness slowly returned with her breath, and she cradled his ball
sack in her hands, massaging the two orbs within as she recovered her composure. 
Without warning, she reached over to the dresser, grabbed the kitchen shears,
and with one swift motion, cut through the thin flesh and the suspending cords
of his gonads before he was aware of her intentions.  His muffled scream
surrendered to his incoherent grasp as the searing pain tore through his
abdomen, down his thighs and across his chest.  His eyes fluttered briefly and
he collapsed into darkness for the second time in less than four hours as
Cristal forced her skirt between his legs to reduce the blood flow.

	The morning dawned amidst the broken discords of the family of starlings
that had nested in a nearby tree top.  Harry stirred painfully, as sensation
returned to his extremities.  His hands and feet were numb and discolored from
the circulatory restriction, his groin throbbed painfully, and his mouth was so
dry he couldn't move his tongue.  His wondered if he would ever speak again as
his mouth was still propped open by the decaying apple.  As he began to reflect
upon the previous night, he became painfully aware of the pressure on his chest
which was becoming almost unbearable until, from the corner of his vision, he
could make out the sleeping form of his castrix as she slept with her head
resting peacefully on his breastbone.

	Nature can be cruel yet satisfying in its own time, and the pressure in
his abdomen that had been building all night finally gave way to a small cloud
of foul air that drifted up past Cristal's nostrils.  She awoke with a start,
and desperately began fanning the air as she caught her breath.  It took a few
moments for her awareness to return, and when it did, she found herself staring
at her blood soaked skirt, and the two tied feet just beyond.  The previous
nights activities flooded back to awareness instantly, overwhelming her as the
severed testicles rolled from her blood soaked hand with a squishing sound.  She
leapt from the bed and backed away towards the door, gazing at her captive in
terror while almost tripping over her shoes.  Somewhere deep within, her need
for revenge was now being overshadowed by her need to survive. 

	She wiped her runny nose with the back of her bloody hand, and reached
for his robe that was hanging from the back of the bedroom door.  Donning the
terry cloth, she eased her delicate feet into her shoes and began to stumble
towards the door.  Just before she left the room she turned back to face Harry
one last time, as he struggled against the ropes and muttered incoherently. 
"Bye, Mr. Landers," was all she said as she quietly closed the door and
disappeared into the morning mists. 

	Harry was found later by a concerned neighbor who had, by chance, heard
his muffled screams.  He would never be the same. There was not enough evidence
to convict much less ever find his assailant, although the school counselor had
sworn Cristal must have done it.  Her parents were never able to verify the time
of her disappearance and she was never found.     




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





