BDSM Library - The Old College Try




The Old College Try
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Tristan gets more than he bargained for trying to make up for a bungled date...
The Old College Try

	I am a college student, and hence spent an enormous amount of my time in
bars.  I'm thin, about six feet tall, with curly brown hair and big brown eyes,
and I've been told that I'm cute in a 'bookish' sort of way.  I suppose its
true, I don't really know, I've only had two girlfriends in my life, and I've
only had sex with the last one whom I was with throughout high school and my
first year in college.  So I guess I'm inexperienced, or whatever.

	So there I was sitting in a bar, already a little bit sauced when in
walked a beautiful brunette.  I mean, man, she was a real looker.  She had
perfect legs, deep blue eyes, a bright smile, everything.  I think I fell in
love with her as she walked over to the bar and ordered a drink.  I know I was
staring because she gave me a weird little look as she scanned the crowd, not
angry or anything, just probably surprised at my reaction.  She shouldn't have
been though; almost every guy in the bar was casting jealous eyes at her
luscious figure.  And the way she moved, something about it just screamed to
every guy to stare straight at her, as if it would be a regret one could hold
for life if they missed a moment of it.  Still though, I felt bad about staring
and flushed bright red and stared down into my beer, and took a couple of
swallows until I felt my face return to normal.

	"Can I get you another?"  I looked up and there she was, standing right
next to me at the bar.  I flushed all over again, not trusting my voice so I
smiled and nodded quickly.

	She turned to the bartender and I caught the scent of her hair, it was
perfect, flowery and beautiful, just like her.  When she turned back to me I was
caught up in those deep blue eyes again and it took me a second to realize she
had asked me my name.

	"Er...Tristan," I mumbled.

	"I'm Sarah, pleased to meet you."  She smiled back at me and held out
her hand, for some reason I got a picture in my head of someone holding a hand
out to soothe a frightened or skittish animal.

	I shook her hand, and then drank some more of my beer, trying to think
of something interesting to say, knowing she probably heard all the lines I
could think of every time she came out.

	"So, do you go to school here?"  She asked.

	"No, I drink here, I go to school over there."  As silly as it was that
little joke managed to break the ice.  After a few more beers, which to my
embarrassment, she paid for, we were chatting away like old buddies.  She was a
psychology major who practiced photography in her spare time, but mostly we
talked about philosophy, which was my major.

	I couldn't believe it, there I was sitting in a campus bar, surrounded
by other guys who were confirmed players and the sexiest girl in the place was
talking to me!  In fact, I think she was even flirting with me.  She kept
sliding closer to me, and eventually started putting her hand on my arm, and
then shoulder, which raised my blood pressure considerable.  I felt myself flush
each time she did it, which made me even more embarrassed so I flushed even
harder.  But her smile was too sweet for me to get that uncomfortable, and her
eyes too understanding.

	Normally I don't drink very much, but I really didn't want the
conversation to end and she kept buying drinks, so I had a lot.  Pretty soon I
wasn't flushing anymore, and I was doing my best to flirt back, even though I
wasn't nearly as good at it as she was.  In fact, I had so much that I didn't
even notice that for every four drinks I had, she had one.  I didn't even notice
when halfway through the conversation she switched from rum and coke to just
coke.

	"Hmm," She looked around, pouting her glossed lips, my heart nearly
dropped into my stomach as I thought she was about to leave, "This place is
getting kind of crowded.  How about we go to my place?  Its close, and its
quieter."

	"Uh, yeah, yeah sure."  I managed to stutter, totally in shock at the
offer, even though I knew she didn't want me to come over for what I wanted, I
was thrilled at the idea of spending time with her, even if she wasn't
good-looking she was a lot of fun to hang out with.

	"Alright, c'mon then."  She put down her glass and waited for a second
while I drained mine, then threaded her way out among more jealous stares, and a
few angry ones for me.

	True to her word, her apartment was only a few blocks from campus.  It
was a nice brick building with a secure entrance, and I wondered how a college
student could afford to live there.  It was a far sight from my little studio. 
I think we went up four or five flights of stairs to get to her floor, and once
we were inside my suspicions about the price of the place were confirmed.  Nice
hard wood floors, beautiful furniture, lots of space, everything you could
possibly want.

	"Make yourself comfortable."  She said, waving airily at the couch. 
"Would you like some wine?  I'm afraid I don't have any beer."

	"Uh, yeah, wine...sure."  I moved over to the couch, feeling my head
start to swim a little and thinking the last beer hadn't been such a good idea.

	"What kind?"  She smiled at me from the archway into the kitchen.

	"Uh, red I guess..." I mumbled.

	"Yeah, but what kind, Merlot?"  She laughed sweetly and her deep blue
eyes danced inside the frame of her silken brown hair.

	"Oh, yeah, that's good."  I grinned at her foolishly and silently cursed
myself since I didn't really know much about wine, I wondered if I had sounded
stupid.

	She smiled at me again and then turned and walked into the kitchen.  I
could hear the tinkling of glasses and the sound of a corkscrew whining in a
cork.  I looked around the apartment again, noting all the psychology books, a
few philosophy books, and a number of interesting photographs on the wall.  I
stared enviously at her entertainment center, full of state of the art sound and
video equipment.  Then more enviously at the computer on a desk to the side of
the living room.  It sure looked top of the line.  Of course if she were a
photographer she probably did a lot of graphics work 	with it.  Just as I
began to wonder what was taking her so long she came back with two glasses of
red wine in her hand.

	"Here you go, it's a nice vintage, I think you'll like it."  She
hesitated a second looking down at the glasses then handed me one.  I wish she
had handed me the other, my head was already spinning and the one she gave me
was fuller than the other.

	I smiled and took a sip.  It was really good.  Pretty complex taste but
I liked it a lot so I took another.  "Thank you, this is very good."

	She smiled and sat down beside me on the couch.  She reached down for a
control and in a second some sort of soft jazz was snaking its way seductively
through the room from the speakers by the stereo.  She raised her glass to me in
toast, "To new friends."

	I smiled and clicked my glass against hers a little unsteady, but
heartfelt.  I took a sip and she drained her entire glass.  Not wanting to seem
rude, I did the same.  She smiled at me brightly and took the glass from my
hand, setting it on the coffee table with hers, then scooted closer to me and
planted a kiss on my cheek.  I breathed in raggedly, my pulse quickening at her
proximity, my face flushing and my cock getting hard in my pants.  I turned
toward her a little bit in surprise and she kissed my again, full on the mouth. 
I couldn't even respond I was so shocked at what was happening. 

	Her lips mashed against mine, her tongue snaking its way aggressively
through my lips and into my mouth.  I felt her hands move onto me then, as I sat
stock-still.  One moved up my chest until she was stroking my throat softly with
it, the other was moving along my thigh, oh so slowly, toward my crotch.  She
leaned back and licked her lips, her hand still resting on me.  "You don't do
this very often do you, sweetie?"

	I flushed even harder and looked down from her gaze, shaking my head
that I didn't.  She laughed softly and her hand moved further up my thigh, just
barely brushing the head of my cock.  I moaned softly, still not daring to look
her in the eye in case I should find out that that sweet, forgiving laugh was
matched by a contemptuous look.  She leaned forward again, kissing her way along
my neck to my ear.  I shivered as I felt her hot breath against my ear, my head
spinning between my arousal and the alcohol.

	"There's nothing to be afraid of here.  You're safe with me.  Don't you
want me?"  She licked my ear after that and I thought I might die as my head
began spinning wildly. 



	I woke up dazed and disoriented.  I was lying on a couch in some strange
place.  There was the sound of running water coming from somewhere off to my
right.  I looked around trying to figure out where in the hell I was, then it
hit me.  Sarah!  I had passed out on her couch just as she was kissing me.  I
cursed myself for missing a golden opportunity, wondering if she would ever give
me another chance.  I got up, noticing that somewhere along the way my clothes
had been changed, I was now wearing what appeared to be a rather expensive pair
of silk pajamas.  Right as I had decided I should explore a little bit and find
out where my clothes were the water cut off.  I stood stock still, frozen in the
middle of the living room as a door to my left opened and Sarah walked out
wrapped in towel, her hair dripping around her head.

	"Good morning."  Gone were the sweet smile and the dancing eyes.

	"Uh, hi, umm...Look, I'm really sorry," I stuttered, then looked down,
so disoriented, frustrated and embarrassed that I felt tears coming to my eyes.

	"Yeah, well, you drank a little bit too much, it's no big deal."  But it
was, I could tell from her voice that it was.  For some reason I had an almost
overwhelming urge to throw myself down at her feet and beg her to forgive me.

	I looked up and saw those deep blue eyes staring at me appraisingly, not
angry, just as if she were wondering exactly what it was I was going to do. 
Again, I felt an urge to throw myself down at her feet and beg her to forgive
me.  "Look, I'll make it up to you, I swear, I'll do anything."

	She smiled at me, but it didn't touch those questioning blue eyes,
"Anything?  Will you really do anything?"

	"Yeah, look I'm so sorry, please...let me make it up to you?"  I could
feel a tear escape my eye and run down my cheek.

	"She smiled at me and walked over, wiping the tear away gently.  "All
right, I'm doing a study for my psychology class that involves hypnosis.  If
you'll stay here this weekend and let me record your behavior under hypnosis,
then maybe we can both forget about last night."

	I smiled at her weakly and nodded my assent eagerly.  "Thank you, thank
you so much."

	She smiled at me again and shook her head laughingly.  "Hear me out
first, Tristan.  You have to be completely willing to go under and accept
whatever suggestions I need to complete my experiment.  For you to be in the
proper state of mind you can't drink any alcohol for the next two days, and umm. 
Well you can't ejaculate at all."

	I flushed a bright shade of red at the last, but I nodded again. 
"Alright...that's fine, I can do that."

	She smiled at me again and then went and showed me my clothes.  When we
were both dressed she showed me the door, giving me her phone number and telling
me to call her Friday after I was done with all my classes. 

	The next two days went by excruciatingly slow.  All I could think about
was Sarah, and that night that I had almost spent with her.  I kept imagining
myself on my knees before her.  Kissing her feet, licking her pussy, begging her
to spank me.  I've fantasized about those things since I was a teenager, even
though I never had the courage to ask anyone to do them to me.  Normally though,
I can control my fantasy time.  For some reason I couldn't with Sarah.  I could
hardly do anything expect sit there and think about her and imagine her doing
all sorts of depraved things to me.

	I found myself masturbating constantly.  Every time I thought about her
I would eventually end up with my hand around my cock, bringing myself right to
the edge of orgasm and then stopping, mindful of what she had told me about her
experiment.  I knew I was only making things harder on myself, but I just
couldn't help it.  When I went to sleep I would dream about her, and each night
I woke up several times on the verge of orgasm.  I even started keeping a
journal of the times that I masturbated with short descriptions of the fantasies
I had when I did.  That's something I had never done before, but if I failed to
do it, I couldn't concentrate on anything else until I had.

	It got to the point on Friday where I just skipped all my classes
walking around my studio in the nude all day because I couldn't stand the amount
of time it took me to take my pants down if I needed to stroke myself.  I was
starting to panic, it seemed like something was seriously wrong with me.  I also
started to worry about how I might behave around Sarah if she put me under
hypnosis, but there didn't seem like there was much I could do about that.  I
had promised, and even the thought of not seeing her that day was enough to
nearly start me crying.  As the afternoon wore on, I simply sat on my bed,
stroking my cock slowly, keeping it continuously at the edge of orgasm, and
waiting until I could call her.

	Finally the time arrived and somehow my head completely cleared.  I got
up off the bed and took a shower and got dressed.  I gathered up a few things
into an overnight bag, my shaving kit, a few books, etc.  Then I went over to
the phone and dialed her number.

	"Hello?"  Her voice was like honey in my ear.

	"Uh, hi...its Tristan, just wondering if you are ready for me to come
over for that thing?"  My voice was still uncertain, but I knew I wanted more
than anything to see her again.

	"Oh! Hi!  How've you been, sweetie?"  Her voice laughed at me over the
phone, but I loved it, even though I felt myself flushing a deep red at the
thought of answering that question honestly.

	"Err, fine.  How are you?" 

	"I'm good...you can come over now, its all ready for you.  Don't worry,
sweetie, we'll have fun this weekend."  I could hear her smile over the phone.

	"Uh, okay, I'm gonna catch a cab, I'll be over in a little bit."

	"Cab, huh?  You sure are in a hurry, but that's okay by me.  I'll be
here, waiting for you."  I could hear that smile again, and the last words set
my pulse to racing.

	I practically ran down the stairs and hailed the first cab I saw.  Even
though it was only like a twenty-minute walk from my place to hers, I much
preferred the three-minute cab ride.  I thrust a twenty at the driver not
bothering to wait for my change and hit her buzzer.  I leapt for the door as the
answering buzz came from it, and ran up the flights of stairs to her floor,
knocking on her door just as it opened.

	There I stood, breathing heavily from my hurried journey over, and I
could hardly take my eyes off her.  She looked just as gorgeous today as she had
the day before.  She was wearing skintight jeans and a small cream-colored tee
shirt that showed off her luscious figure quite flatteringly.  Her lips were
glossed the prettiest shade of pink I have ever seen.  Her eyes shone at me from
beneath her beautiful brown hair, and I found myself looking down at the floor,
embarrassed for staring.

	"You look beautiful," I managed to murmur.

	"Why thank you.  You look pretty good yourself.  Would you like to come
in?"

	I let her lead me into the living room, and felt my cock begin to rise
as I was once again in the room that had been the stage of so many of my
fantasies for the past two days.  She motioned to the couch and I sat down.  I
looked around and noticed that the lights were very dim.  On the table was a set
of headphones and a stray with a vial of some liquid, some alcohol swabs, and a
syringe.  I stared at them, wondering what exactly I had gotten myself into.

	She noticed my look, "Tristan, I have to make sure that you're okay with
this.  It won't work if you don't want it to, at least not well enough for my
experiment.  This is going to be a drug induced hypnoses session to study the
effectiveness of this technique for behavior modification.  You know, like
helping people stop smoking, or kleptomaniacs stop stealing, etc.  I promise
that I can remove all of the suggestions at the end of this weekend.  I also
promise that your name will remain anonymous in my documentation of the
experiment.  However, I do need you to sign a release stating that you
understand and are willing to undergo the treatment."

	She held a piece of paper out to me, and a pen.  I pretended to read it,
but all I could think about was how beautiful she looked, and how hard my cock
was, how much I wanted to come, how much I wanted to admit all my dirtiest
little secrets to her.  I wanted to tell her about the time that I stole my
girlfriend's panties, and how I would still wear them around, under my clothes
to school, or jerk off in them and suck my come out of them.  I signed the paper
and handed it back to her. 

	She smiled at me and leaned forward, kissing my cheek whispering in my
ear, "You won't regret it, I promise." 

	I leaned back while she measured out a dose of fluid from the syringe. 
She wiped down my arm with alcohol and I tensed as I felt the prick of the
needle in my arm.  I didn't really feel any different as she pulled the needle
out, covered it with a cap and set the tray back down on the table.  She then
took a locket from around her neck, her tits thrusting out invitingly as she
reached behind her head. 

	"Now I'm going to put you under.  The drug will make you a little groggy
for a while, and more amenable to my suggestions.  Then you'll wake up and we
can begin recording the results.  We'll do another session of hypnosis tomorrow
morning, and another tomorrow night, and so on, until the last one on Monday
morning, possibly Monday night, but only if you want to."  I looked at her in
surprise then realized it was a three-day weekend and nodded my consent.

	She began swinging the locket in front of my eyes, and I tracked it,
marveling at how pretty it was swinging there.  I realized that the drug must be
working, and thought that it was kind of like Wednesday night when I was here. 
That thought got scattered as she began to speak.

	"Listen to my voice Tristan.  You are very relaxed.  You are safe here. 
This is a safe place.  Pay attention to my voice.  You are very relaxed.  Your
muscles are relaxing, your eyes are goring heavy.  You are very relaxed.  This
is a safe place.  Listen to my voice.  Concentrate on my voice.  Block out
everything else but my voice.  My voice is safe, my voice is relaxing.  Pay
attention to nothing else but my voice."  I felt my entire body relax, and soon
true enough; all I was aware of was her voice.  "When you hear me count to three
you will fall into a deep, deep, sleep, the only thing you will be able to
attend is my voice.  You must pay attention to my voice.  My voice is relaxing,
my voice is safe.  When I count to three you will fall into a place where only
my voice matters, where you can do nothing except what my voice tells you.  One. 
Two. Three."

	I did fall into a place where I could only hear her voice.  I felt her
putting the headphones on my and didn't even care.  I felt her lay me down on
the couch and it hardly registered.  All I could really pay attention to was the
voice on the headphones.

	The droned over and over again in her sweet soft voice,  "You are my
slut.  You will do anything and everything I ask you to.  You will obey my every
command.  You are my slut.  Your body is mine.  Your cock is mine.  Your mind is
mine.  You can use none of them unless I give you permission.  You are my slave;
you live only to serve me.  You will do anything I ask, because whatever I wish
is the only thing you want.  I am your mistress, and you are my slave, and you
love it."

	I don't know how long the loop continued like that, in fact I don't even
really remember hearing it at all.  What I remember is falling asleep on the
couch and then waking up again a few hours later, at least judging by the sun's
position.  I sat up and looked around.  Unlike last time I knew exactly where I
was.  Across from me in a chair was Sarah, flipping through the journal that I
had kept for the last two days.  I didn't remember packing it, why in the hell
had I?  Yet there she was reading about all the depraved things I had dreamed of
her doing to me.  Reading about how I must have spent nearly half of the last
forty-eight hours touching myself.  I felt myself flush a deep dark red, I made
a strangled sound and she looked up.

	"Look, Sarah, I'm sorry about that...I, I don't know why I brought it. 
Umm, please can I have it back?"  I stuttered, tears beginning to fall out of my
eyes at the humiliation of the situation.

	"You brought it because I told you to the last time you were here. 
You've been a busy a little slut haven't you?  And now you're in trouble because
you didn't call me mistress."  She smiled at me again, very sweetly and dropped
the journal on the floor, the pointed to the floor in front of her chair.  "Get
down here slut, you should no better than to forget to properly address your
mistress."

	I stood looking at her in shock; I couldn't believe what she was saying. 
She had already hypnotized me on Wednesday?  Now she had done it again?  What
had I gotten myself into?  Even as I thought this I heard her voice in my head
and felt myself getting up, felt my shock get pushed aside as I realized how
grossly I had disrespected my mistress.  I got on my knees in front of her and
averted my eyes, tears flowing down my cheeks.

	"Please Mistress, your slut is so sorry.  Please punish your slut for
offending you."

	She smiled at me and lifted one sandaled foot towards me.  "Show your
mistress how much you worship her, my little slut."

	I reached out and began tenderly kissing the offered foot.  Drawing in a
breath and feeling my head swim at the faint aroma drifting off the sandal.  I
moved my tongue along her toes, licking each in turn and rubbing my face against
the top of her foot slavishly.  I could feel my cock throbbing in my pants,
begging for release, but my cock was hers now and I couldn't even touch it
without her permission.  I kept licking until she withdrew the foot from before
me and replaced it with her other.  After I had licked and nuzzled it for a
while she drew it to away and I whimpered, as I was no longer allowed to show my
devotion to her.  She laughed at me softly as the whimper escaped my throat, and
I felt her hand slide into my hair, tugging me up to my feet.  I looked at her
questioningly as I stood in front of her and she smiled at me.

	"Strip," was all she said.

	I reached down for my shirt and pulled it over my head, breaking two
buttons in my eagerness and I think, to her amusement.  I quickly toed off my
sneakers and reached down and unbuckled my belt, pulling off my pants.  Then I
froze, standing before her in my boxers, suddenly embarrassed to be heedlessly
doing as she told me, getting naked in front of her fully clothed form with her
bright green eyes staring at my body as I exposed it to her.

	"Aw, is my little slut embarrassed?"  She said it kindly and I felt my
heart warming up, as she was so kind to me, so understanding.  "Your safe here,
honey, don't you want to show your mistress that hard cock?"

	I smiled at her nodded shyly, but I couldn't quite bring myself to pull
down my boxers, even with her understanding tone.  She solved the problem for me
by reaching out and hooking her thumbs in the waistband of my boxers, drawing
them down until the purple head of my cock peeked above the white band of
elastic.  She smiled at me and leaned forward, planting a soft kiss right there
and my knees almost buckled.  She then stripped the boxers all the way down to
my ankles and I stepped out of them, red with shame, my cock sticking out before
me, swollen red with blood, its tip glistening with a drop of precum.

	She stood up and motioned me to follow her.  I did, though tentatively,
still embarrassed and slightly afraid of what was going to happen.  She led me
into the bathroom.  An old claw-foot tub sat there and she immediately went over
and turned on the water.  From the side she took out a few different beads, some
powder and a vial of oil, dumping them all in the tub.  The sweet aroma began to
fill the room and set my head swimming again with its feminine purity.  When the
tub was half full she gestured for me to get in, which I did.  She immediately
handed me a hand towel and a bar of lavender smelling soap and told me to get
nice and clean for her.  I scrubbed for all I was worth.

	"Now its time to get rid of all that icky hair, isn't it slut?"  She
smiled at me, handing me a pair of scissors and a small mirror.  Beside the tub
she placed a razor and can of shaving cream and a bottle of Nair. 

	I looked at her uncertainly, rubbing the soft hairs on my arms and legs
questioningly.  She smiled at me and nodded.  I sighed as she reached out and
stroked my forehead gently, then planted a kiss on it.  She rose and walked to
the door, turning to me one last time before she left, "Don't come out until all
that hair is off."

	I sighed again and began slowly trimming down the hair until it was
short enough that I could shave it.  I don't know how long I was in that tub,
but by the time I got up and turned the shower on to sluice the remnants of the
hair and Nair off my body the water was starting to get cold.  As I slid my
hands up and down my body I couldn't believe how smooth it was, how sensitive,
how sexy.  I wondered why I hadn't ever done this before.  I gave the mirror one
last check before I walked out of the bathroom, making sure that no hair was
left on my body.

	There she was sitting on the chair, finishing up my journal.  I walked
over to her and stood there, not wanting to interrupt her, embarrassed as I
thought of all the things she was reading.  Finally she finished and looked up
at me, a soft smile on her lips, her green eyes smoky.  "You have quite the
imagination, my little slut.  I didn't suggest half of this stuff to you on
Wednesday."

	I flushed dark red and averted my eyes, feeling them flood with tears at
the embarrassment of having her read all those most personal of thoughts.  She
laughed again, that soft, sweet, understanding laugh and reached out to stroke
the leg nearest her, smiling as she felt its perfect smoothness.  She stood
again and once more told me to follow her, but this time she led me into her
bedroom.  In the center of it was a large four-poster bed, surrounded by a
diaphanous white canopy.  She looked at me and then motioned me to go sit on the
bed.  She then walked over to a closet and began rummaging around inside it. 
She came out with a beautiful pair of virgin white stockings and lace panties. 
She crossed over and handed them to me.  Once again I flushed red with
embarrassment, but I could feel the soft silky undergarments swishing gently
against my legs.  It felt unbelievable without my hair to impede the contact,
and I wanted nothing more than to slide the soft smooth things up my claves and
thighs and enfold my cock in the beautiful, silky lace panties.

	"I think these will fit.  If you're good, we might get you some of your
own so you don't have to borrow mine."  She smiled at me sweetly as I put on the
beautiful stockings and then watched admiringly as I slid the panties up my
thighs.  The weren't quite big enough and the very tip of my cock poked out
above the waistband.

	She smiled at me again, placing one hand on my chest and lightly
stroking a nipple until I moaned softly.  The stockings felt unbelievable and
the panties glorious, the waistband serving to further stimulate my cock as I
squirmed a little under her delicate touch.

	"You look very beautiful, so innocent."  She leaned forward and kissed
me softly on the lips.  I could taste her lipstick and smell her hair, my knees
felt weak again.

	"Thank you, mistress," I murmured shyly.

	She sat down on the bed, turning me towards her and spreading her legs
to enfold mine.  Her hand traced down my neck to my cock, rubbing it lightly
through the silk of the panties until I was moaning and precum was dripping down
and soaking into the top of them. 

	"Are you ready to please your mistress now?"  She asked it softly, her
thumb rising up and rubbing into the opening of my cock, sliding around in the
slippery drops of precum there until I was sure my cock would explode at any
moment.

	"Oh yes, yes please mistress."  I whimpered.

	She smiled and pulled down until I was kneeling before her.  She pulled
my head into her crotch and began rubbing it gently up and down against my face. 
I could feel the heat of her even through the denim, I could sense the dampness,
and I could smell her.  Smell her excitement, her desire, her passion.  I moaned
into her crotch and she moaned back at me.  Somehow she guided my hands to the
waist of her jeans and I they trembled as I unbuttoned them and began pulling
them down her silky smooth thighs.  I kissed her soft skin as I did, lovingly,
as if she were a goddess.  She was.  My goddess.  She pulled me back up after
the jeans were off, one of her hand reaching down into panties that were stained
wet by her excitement.  My face was inches from her, but her light touch on my
forehead stopped me from leaning forward and burying my mouth between her
thighs.  I whimpered as I watched her fingers stroke softly beneath the red silk
of her panties.  I squirmed on the ground, wanting nothing more at that moment
than to taste her, to spend all night there between her legs, worshipping her,
as I should.  I knelt there, my cock feeling as if it would burst within her
silky white panties, watching my mistress masturbate herself right before my
eyes.  Listening to her begin to moan with increased passion as her fingers
began moving faster and faster below the curtain of her panties.  I moaned and
whimpered as her thighs tensed, body shaking, and her panties turned dark with a
flood of her juices as she came with a great cry. 

	As her trembling subsided, her hand left my forehead and she propped
herself on one elbow, looking down at me with a soft smile, the hunger in her
beautiful eyes seemed not to have abated in the least.  "My poor little slut, do
you want to taste me?  Do you deserve to taste your mistress sweet pussy?"

	I knelt there, unable to meet her gaze anymore, trying to decide how to
answer her.  Tears started running down my cheeks as I struggled with the
question she had asked me, and I felt my cock throb against the silken confines
of the panties and felt the pain of three days of frustrated masturbation in my
swollen balls.  I felt her hand grip my chin and lift it up.  I could smell her
on the fingers just below my mouth, see them glistening with her juices.  I
gasped as she slid the fingers between my lips, sucking the juices from them,
stroking her soft fingers with my tongue.  She smiled and wiggled her fingers in
my mouth, and then pulling them out she pinched my lip, harder and harder until
a gasp escaped my mouth again and tears began to pool in my eyes.  She just
laughed as my and used my lip to pull my face into her crotch. 

	"Take them off with you teeth slut, and I will let you give your
mistress an orgasm with your mouth."  I wasted no time, biting into the soaked
panties and tugging them down for all I was worth.  I had to keep moving my head
to get the panties over the swell of her hips and ass, and I didn't care that I
was slavishly rubbing my face all over her ass and thighs, eager like an animal
in heat.  I was in heat, and I needed to taste her pussy fully, not just from
her fingers and the panties now clenched in my teeth, but to feel the soft, warm
skin beneath my tongue, and taste the juices as the flowed directly out of her. 
She barely raised her feet off the floor as I dragged the panties down, so I had
to prostrate myself and drag my face along her carpet to get them completely
off.  I felt her foot raise and them come down on the back of my head, pinning
me to the floor with the panties still clenched tightly in my teeth.

	"You look so sexy there, little slut.  Where you belong, at my feet. 
You love it don't you?"

	I spit the panties out; only sorry that now they were gone I could no
longer taste the sweet juices that had soaked into them.  "Yes Mistress, I love
it."

	"You love me don't you, slut?"

	"Yes mistress, I love you."

	"Do you want to please me?"

	"Yes Mistress, more than anything."

	"Good slut, such a sweet little slave."  I could hear her smile as her
foot lifted off my head and she lay back on the bed.

	I moved back up to my knees, my hands resting lightly on her thighs as
my head crept foreword to her pussy.  It was the most gorgeous pussy I have ever
seen.  Surrounded by a trimmed down of silky brown hair, I could see her clit
peeking at me shyly from beneath the glistening hood.  The lips were flushed red
with her passion and they too shined with her juices, invitingly I thought.  I
wanted to devour her pussy, to lose myself in it and never escape.  The first
touch of my tongue upon it made my head begin swimming again, I began humping
futilely at the air as even more blood rushed to the head of my cock.  The taste
and smell were indescribable; I wanted more, I wanted this to never stop.  I
heard her moan with pleasure and a shiver of delight passed up my spine at the
knowledge that I had pleased her.  I began licking at the lips, driving my
tongue in deep to taste her more fully.  I felt her thighs tense around my face
and heard he begin moaning in time to the thrust of my tongue.  I had little
experience licking pussy, I had only done it once before, but listening to her
moan I was able to quickly learn what pleased her and what didn't.  Feeling the
tensing of her thighs underneath my palms I was able to judge which way she
would move and thus not break my rhythm even when she bucked with frantic
passion.  I don't know how many times she came as I knelt there licking her. 
Each past orgasm was unimportant; the only one that mattered was the next one I
could give her. 

	When she finally pushed me away my face was soaked in her sweet come. 
There was a damp spot on the bed and her thighs and ass and hips all glistened
wetly with a coating of her juices.  She lay there a moment before me,
recovering herself and then sat up, looking down at me with a sweet, loving
smile.

	"That was wonderful.  You are such a good little slut."  She stood and
patted me lightly on the head, as one might pat a dog.  I flushed with pleasure
at her touch as much as her words.  I nuzzled her hand happily as she cupped my
face before walking over to her dresser and rummaging around for a second. 

	When she came back she was holding a small camcorder, one of those
digital kinds.  She opened the panel at the side and adjusted the lens until it
showed to her satisfaction, then turned it toward me.  It was replaying the
scenes of the last few hours.  How I had dressed myself in her stockings and
panties, then begged her to let me suck her.  I flushed red with shame at the
sight of myself, so sluttish, so slavishly devoted to her, but my cock throbbed
even harder in the panties.

	She adjusted the camera again and pointed it at me, obviously ready to
document more of her 'experiment.'  "Now slut, do you want to come for your
mistress?"

	I nodded shyly, not daring to look into the camera.  I felt her foot
reach out and her toes brush over my engorged cock.  I couldn't help myself; I
began moaning and humping shamelessly against her foot.  She kept rubbing,
bringing me to the edge of orgasm again and again, withdrawing her foot every
time I was about to explode.

	"If you come you know what has to happen don't you my little slave?" 
She asked sweetly, in her softest voice.

	"No mistress," I mumbled, still humping against her foot shamelessly,
but unable to look into the camera.

	"You have to clean up your little mess, don't you slut?  You don't want
to leave a mess in Mistress' bedroom do you?"  I could hear her smile and
chanced a look into her eyes.  The still shone hungrily.  They burned into me,
willing me to become the slut she wanted me to be.

	"No mistress.  Please let your slut come mistress, your slut will clean
up his mess."  I ground my cock furiously against her foot.

	"I know you will, slut.  I know you want to, don't you?" Her voice had a
teasing note in it now, not cruel, but as if she wanted me to confess my deepest
darkest desires to her camera.  Her foot still played skillfully over my cock,
driving me out of my mind with passion.

	"Yes mistress.  I want to taste my own cum.  I love to suck up my come. 
Please mistress, let your slut come and let him suck it all up."  I ground my
cock furiously against her, at the very edge of orgasm.

	"Then come for your mistress slut, and then suck your sweet little jizz
of her toes."  With that she began furiously rubbing her foot up and down my
cock, making me cry out with passion as it erupted with the strongest orgasm I
think I have ever had.  My come coated not just her toes, but her entire foot,
shooting up to the air and spattering my chest and belly.

	Nearly out of my mind with ecstasy I threw myself down and started
sucking the come off her foot frantically, savoring every salty drop.  She ran
her foot all up and down my stomach and chest, collecting more and more of it
for me to suck off of her beautiful foot.  I licked it all off, until her foot
was glistening lightly with my spit and not a drop of come was left on it.  Then
I knelt down and sucked drops of come out of the carpet as my penis continued to
contract powerfully despite being bereft of any more semen to shoot.  I
collapsed against the floor when it was finally done, my head rested lightly on
one of her feet, kissing gently at the beautiful toes despite the fact that I
hardly knew where I was.

	She got up and left me there on the floor for a time.  When she returned
she had what looked to be a handful of black leather straps in one hand.  I t
turned out to be a harness that she proceeded to attach to me, with straps
encircling wrists and ankles, elbows and knees, my waist and neck.  Spaced
throughout where a number of metal rings, which I am sure, she could have used
to bind me in almost any number of combinations.  She ended up attacking a cord
to my neck and the foot of the bed, and another to lock my arms down at my
waist, just within reach of my cock.  She told me that I couldn't come without
her permission but that my cock had best be very ready for whenever she wanted
it.  She then told me to climb up on the foot of her bed and slid herself
between the sheets, with me lying there like a dog at the end of her bed.  It
didn't take her long to fall asleep, but I spent a while stroking my cock and
listening to her steady breathing.  I could still smell her on my face.  I
wondered what would happen tomorrow.




The Old College Try - Part 2

	Sarah woke me the next morning by grabbing the leash and yanking my face
up into her pussy, either still damp from last night, or from seeing me lying
there curled up at her feet on the bed when she woke.  I was lucky; instead of
having to lick her she simply humped my face.  I think I was too exhausted to
have pleased her properly anyway.  Soon my face was once again drenched in her
sweet juices and I was moaning with desire as her thighs locked tightly around
my head in orgasm.  She patted my head lightly and then got up walking into the
bathroom and taking a shower.  I could still smell her on my face.  My hand
drifted down to my cock, rubbing it lightly through the panties.  I thought
about all the humiliating things she had made me do yesterday.  About how she
had recorded all of it.  How she could make me do anything she wanted me to.

	Pretty soon I was stroking my cock and squirming on the bed.  I knew I
wasn't allowed to come, but I got myself as close as possible.  Pictures of me
kneeling at her feet rolled through my mind.  I wondered if it was the hypnosis
or if it was just the same fantasies as I had had since I was a teenager.

	"What a naughty little slut."  She was standing there in the bathroom
doorway, a towel wrapped around her beautiful body, her hair dripping wet.  I
nearly came at the sight of her, standing there with an amused smile on her
face.  I don't know if more blood rushed to my cock or my face, but I couldn't
stop stroking my cock, it felt too good.

	She walked over, never taking her eyes off my hand on my cock.  She
reached out and unlocked the leash from her footboard.  I sat up, squirming and
rubbing my thighs together, loving the feel of the stockings rubbing together. 
She stroked my face gently, and I dared to kiss her palm. 

	"Strip and shower then meet me in the living room, its time for another
session of hypnosis."  She smiled and pinched my lip tightly, then moved over to
her closet and threw on her robe.  She walked out into the living room and I
heard her in the kitchen as I stripped off my clothes and headed into the
shower.

	The hot water felt great against my skin.  I noticed the bottle of Nair
on the rim of the tub still and decided to make sure that I stayed nice and
smooth for my mistress.  I couldn't help stroking my cock as I waited for the
lotion to dissolve the hair on my body.  After I washed it off I dried myself
and walked into the living room, slightly embarrassed at being completely nude.

	Sarah was sitting in the chair, drinking a cup of coffee and flipping
through the journal of my fantasies again.  She looked up and pointed to the
floor in front of her.  I walked over and knelt down at her feet.  After a bit
more reading she closed the journal and settled herself down, looking at me
thoughtfully.

	"Today I am going to try out a trigger-induced behavioral change.  I'm
going to use one of these disgusting little fantasies of yours since the fact
that you actually want it will reinforce the suggestion.  Doesn't that sound
good, my pet?"

	I nodded at her uncertainly.  It actually didn't sound good; in fact the
idea scared the hell out of me.  The thought of what she could make me do under
even stronger controls was terrifying.  I knew that even now if I really wanted
to, I could break her control.  She hadn't asked me to do anything that I really
had much of a problem with, but some of the things in that journal were pretty
extreme.  They were great when I had my hand around my cock and it was all in my
head, but most of them I couldn't really imagine actually doing.

	"Please mistress, isn't that a little bit, um, extreme?"  I knew this
might be my only chance to resist going down a road I didn't want to.

	Her smile vanished instantly, "Listen slut, you are mine.  Your body,
your mind, everything you have is mine for this weekend.  That was the deal. 
After Monday I can change everything, but for this weekend you will do whatever
I say."

	"I know, but it scares me.  Some of those things aren't things I thought
I would ever really do in real life; they're just for fantasy.  Please."  Tears
started to flood my eyes.  It was so hard to disagree with her even this much,
it felt horrible.  She was my mistress, who was I to question her desires?  But
the part of me that still had control knew this might be my only chance.

	She smiled at me tenderly and I felt my worries fading away.  "Oh, poor
Tristan.  I'm sorry.  I don't want to frighten you.  Trust me Tristan, you're
safe with me."  She reached out with her foot, lightly rubbing it against my
still hard cock.  "Its just for the weekend, sweetie.  You want to please me
don't you?"

	I moaned softly, my eyes starting to close.  She was right I was safe
with her.  What had I been thinking?  She was so gentle.  So loving, she was my
mistress.  I lived to please her.  I would do anything for her.  Anything she
wanted me too.  She would keep me safe.

	"Yes, mistress.  I'm sorry, I didn't mean to question you.  I said I
would do anything you wanted, I want to do anything you want me to."  Something
in my head started screaming that there was something wrong, that I was letting
my one chance slip through my fingers.  But the voice was nothing compared to
the sweet loving look in her eyes and the feeling of her soft toes rubbing
gently over my cock.  I fought the voice down until I couldn't even hear it
anymore, until all I could hear was her voice, and all I could feel was her
divine touch.

	"Its okay, my pet.  Why don't you just sit on the couch and stroke your
beautiful cock while I get everything ready for you?"  She smiled at me and I
soon found myself on the couch, stroking my cock just like she told me to.

	She went into the kitchen and came back in carrying the tray with the
syringe and the drug.  She sat next to me and leaned down kissing me tenderly on
the forehead.  I watched as she measured out the dose, it hardly even registered
with me that she mumbled about needing to increase the dosage in light of my
protests.  I had to stop stroking my cock for her to inject me, but she moved my
hand back to my cock right after I did.  I smiled as I felt the drug taking
effect, pretty soon I was lying on the couch, unable to continue stroking my
cock, unable to even move.

	"Listen to my voice Tristan.  You are very relaxed.  You are safe here. 
This is a safe place.  Pay attention to my voice.  You are very relaxed.  Your
muscles are relaxing, your eyes are goring heavy.  You are very relaxed.  This
is a safe place.  Listen to my voice.  Concentrate on my voice.  Block out
everything else but my voice.  My voice is safe, my voice is relaxing.  Pay
attention to nothing else but my voice."  I felt my entire body relax, and soon
true enough; all I was aware of was her voice.  "When you hear me count to three
you will fall into a deep, deep, sleep, the only thing you will be able to
attend is my voice.  You must pay attention to my voice.  My voice is relaxing,
my voice is safe.  When I count to three you will fall into a place where only
my voice matters, where you can do nothing except what my voice tells you.  One. 
Two. Three."

	This time I don't remember anything, not her putting on the headphones,
not what they played over and over again.  I simply remember waking up on the
couch, Sarah sitting across from me, this time writing in her own notebook.  She
looked up, as always attentive to everything I did. 

	"Welcome back, honey."  She smiled that sweet little smile at me.

	"Thank you, mistress."  I smiled back at her.

	"I think we need to get out of the apartment for a bit, would you like
to go on a little shopping trip?"

	"That sounds nice, mistress."

	She smiled and told me to go get dressed.  She had already changed into
a light flower print sundress.  It looked amazing on her and I could feel my
heart beating faster just sitting there looking at her.  I grabbed my suitcase
and pulled out a pair of Dockers and a polo shirt.  When I was ready she grabbed
her purse and keys.

	"You look nice, honey."

	"Thank you mistress, you look beautiful."  I smiled at her shyly.

	She laughed sweetly and then took my hand, "When we're out in public you
don't have to call me mistress, it could get embarrassing."

	I chuckled at that and nodded, following her out of the apartment.  We
took the elevator down to the parking lot in the basement and got into her car. 
It was a sporty little convertible.  She looked perfect in it.

	I don't know the streets of the city very well, since I usually take the
bus wherever I go.  I soon had no idea where she was taking us, but she seemed
sure of herself, with a specific destination in mind.  I was surprised that she
was still incredibly easy to talk to.  We didn't have a silent moment through
the whole drive, and I almost forgot the things we had been doing in her
apartment.

	We eventually pulled up to a nice little restaurant.  I suddenly
realized that I was incredibly hungry.  We got a little table out on the patio
to enjoy the sunny day.  I thought more and more about how comfortable I was
around her, marveling since I usually have a lot of trouble talking to girls.  I
began to think more and more about how much this was like an actual date.  Every
once in a while she would grab my hand and squeeze it lightly, and a few times
she even leaned over and gave me a light kiss.  I was in heaven.

	She paid for the lunch and we were once again in her convertible, once
again I was completely lost.  I was about to ask where we were going when she
turned off into the parking lot of an unassuming little building with a sign out
front that was in French.  I have no idea what it meant.

	I followed her inside and was shocked when I realized that it was a
rather expensive lingerie store.  It was nearly empty, in fact, it seemed to me
as if the only person there was the pretty little blonde behind the register. 
She looked up as we walked in and walked over with a smile on her face.

	"Sarah, good to see you again."  She held out her hand to Sarah, who
shook it with a smile on her face, and then turned to me, "You didn't lie, he is
a cutie!"

	"Oh yes, he is.  Tristan, this is Natasha, an old friend."  She smiled
as I shook Natasha's hand.  I was a bit uncomfortable, this was the first time I
had ever been in a lingerie store in my life and the models on the walls and all
the beautiful undergarments were causing my cock to harden in my pants.  I was
afraid that Natasha would notice.

	"So what exactly is it you're looking for today?"  Natasha asked.

	"Well, my pretty, little slut needs to get a start on his entire
wardrobe."  Sarah replied.

	At the words "my pretty, little slut" I felt like I'd been hit with a
cold bucket of water.  I didn't even register what she said.  I was suddenly
completely aware of all the beautiful lingerie around me and it was
overwhelming.  I just wanted to touch the soft silky things, to bury myself in
them.  I wanted them all, the whole store.  My cock sprang instantly rock hard,
creating a tent in the front of my pants.  It also made me acutely aware of the
fact that I was wearing a pair of boxer shorts.  Why would I be wearing those? 
Wearing nothing would be preferable to wearing something as masculine and
disgusting as boxer shorts!  I started to squirm; oblivious to the amused looks
the two women were casting at me.  I had to get these damn boxer shorts off!  I
couldn't stand them.  I looked at Sarah imploringly. 

	She smiled at me and arched an eyebrow, "What is it?"

	I groped in my mind for the words to explain this without embarrassing
myself further in front of Natasha, "Um, I don't feel so good, do you think we
could go?"

	They both laughed and Sarah said, "No, we can't leave yet, we haven't
gotten what we came for here."

	"Please, I really don't feel well."  I couldn't take my eyes off the
beautiful underwear all around me.  It made me feel even worse to be surrounded
by such beautiful things and still be wearing my boxer shorts, I felt like I was
going to die.

	"What's wrong exactly?"  If I had looked at her I would have seen the
sly smile on her lips and the amusement in her eyes, but I was too busy drinking
in the sights of the lingerie around me.

	"I um, I..." I mumbled incoherently, unable to figure out how to explain
it to her without Natasha understanding. 

	"Tristan, tell me right now what is wrong, right now."  Her voice was
edged with irritation at my reticence.

	I felt tears flood my eyes and my face heat as it turned dark red.  I
had to tell her now I couldn't disobey her.  I had to tell her right in front of
Natasha, I thought I might die of shame.  "I, I can't st-stand the feel of my
b-boxers, mistress."

	They both laughed as I stared at the ground, my interest in the lingerie
overcome by my shame at saying such a thing in front of a total stranger.  Sarah
reached up and wiped a tear away gently.

	"Then take them off, it's okay." 

	I balked, my eyes jumping up to meet hers, and then I looked at Natasha
and made a strangled sound.  I didn't move.  "Please, please...I can't stand it
anymore...please can we leave?"

	Sarah smiled at me, her eyes hot and boring into mine, "No.  We're not
leaving.  You can either take off your boxers right here, or you can leave them
on, it doesn't matter to me, but if you ask to leave one more time I am going to
get upset and I'll have to punish you."

	Tears started streaming down my face.  I kept squirming, the boxers
growing more and more uncomfortable with each passing second.  Sarah and Natasha
started talking about lingerie, something about sizes I guess, I was too
miserable to pay attention to exactly what they were saying.  They weren't
really paying attention to me anymore either, suddenly I got an idea, I looked
up and found a changing room and started walking toward it.

	"Where do you think you're going?"  Sarah called after me.

	"I'm going to go take my boxers off."  I turned back to her, still
staring at the floor, the uncomfortableness of the boxers multiplying tenfold as
I felt the solution so near at hand.

	"No you're not.  Those are for women to change in.  If you want out of
those boxers you can take them off right here."

	I couldn't stand it anymore, I thought I was going crazy, but I couldn't
take them off in front of Natasha either, it was too embarrassing.  I started
sobbing, unable to hold it in any longer.  I felt Sarah come over and embrace
me, one hand gently cupping the back of my head and guiding it down onto her
shoulder.

	"Shhh, its okay, sweetie.  As soon as you take those boxers off we can
start picking out things for you.  Don't you want some pretty panties of your
own?  Natasha and I are going to pick out the prettiest things in the store for
you to try on, don't you want to look pretty for your mistress?  Don't you want
to wear some pretty little panties home instead of those ugly boxers?"  She
whispered it all in my ear, her voice gentle but urgent.  Her breath washed
hotly across my ear and I felt my cock stiffen again at what she was saying. 
All I had to do was take my boxers off and soon I could be wearing some of the
beautiful panties that surrounded me.  I could wear them home!  If she would let
me get enough I might not ever have to wear boxers again.  My hands flew down
and undid my belt and pants.  I kicked off my shoes frantically and slid the
boxers off.  Nothing could have felt better than having those nasty boxers off
of my cock, at least nothing other than having a pair of pretty, silk panties on
it instead.

	I stood there with my cock jutting out just underneath the hem of my
polo shirt, tenting it out lewdly.  I flushed red with embarrassment at being
almost naked in front of a stranger and with excitement at the thought of the
panties and stockings and such that surrounded me.

	"You look silly.  Take off that shirt too."  Sarah said as I stood
there.

	"Yeah, it's hiding the best part." Natasha giggled.

	I flushed deep red, and I could feel tears running down my face in
shame, but I didn't want to disobey Sarah anymore.  I was afraid that if I made
her mad she might not get me any panties, or worse yet she might make me put the
boxers back on!  The thought was too much to bear. I reached down and pulled the
shirt over my head.  Sarah smiled at me, her eyes drifting down to my hard cock
jutting out. 

	Natasha clapped with glee and giggled, "Oh he's perfect!  You made him
shave too!  Such a slim little body, except for that cock he looks just like a
little girl!"

	I blushed a deep red, but I felt my cock growing even harder at the
compliment.  I looked like a girl!  I loved the thought.  I imagined myself in
the pretty clothes all around me and felt my knees go weak and my head lighten
as even more blood rushed to my already engorged cock.

	Sarah smiled at Natasha, and then turned to me.  "Now ask Miss Natasha
to find you some pretty little panties to wear, slut."

	I gulped in a breath of air, still ashamed at my behavior, but the
thought of getting to slide panties on and feel their silky smoothness on my
cock made that a secondary consideration.  I would have done anything to be
allowed to wear panties.  I turned to Natasha, my eyes downcast.  "Please will
you find me some pretty panties to wear?"

	Sarah stepped forward and slapped me hard across the face.  "That's not
the proper way to address one of my friends, slut!  I can see I've been too
lenient with you.  I have half a mind to make you put those boxers back on and
wear them for the rest of the weekend."

	I reached up and touched my cheek tenderly; it stung something fierce
from her slap.  I burst into tears at her threat.  If she made in I me wear
those boxers again I would die, I was sure of it.  I fell to my knees before
her, my shoulders shaking with sobs I couldn't control.  "P-please mistress...
I'm so sorry, I won't ever do it again.  Please let me make it up to you.  I'll
do anything, but please don't make put on those, those b-boxers.  I'll do
anything you want."

	I couldn't see it through my tears but Sarah smiled at me amusedly. 
"Crawl over to Miss Natasha and beg her to forgive you for disrespecting her. 
I'll leave it in her hands what to do with you."

	I felt my sobs redouble at the shame of not only being naked and already
begging to be allowed to wear panties, but having to crawl over to a perfect
stranger and beg her to forgive me.  But there was no way I could disobey Sarah,
she was my mistress, and I didn't want her to get so mad she made me wear the
boxers again.  So, I crawled over to Natasha over the cold marble tiles of the
floor.

	"Please Miss Natasha, forgive me.  I am so sorry, I'll never let it
happen again."

	"Hm, maybe you won't.  But I don't know if such a disrespectful little
slut deserves to wear pretty panties, I think a nasty rude little slut like you
should wear boxers."  She looked down at me, and her eyes were filled with none
of the tenderness that Sarah's usually were.

	I panicked.  What could I possibly do to convince her to let me wear the
panties?  I threw myself down, kissing her feet through the straps of the
sandals she was wearing.  Totally abasing myself before her, my tears dripping
down onto her feet as I leaned over them, my breathing coming in ragged gasps. 
"Please Miss Natasha, please!  I'll do anything you want!  Oh please let me make
it up to you!"

	I heard her laugh, but I kept kissing and begging and crying.  "Anything
slut?  Hm, well maybe a bad, little boy like you just needs a spanking.  I don't
know though, you were quite rude..."

	"Oh yes please!  Spank me!  Punish me!  I was such a bad little slut!  I
deserve to be spanked, Miss Natasha!  Please punish me with a spanking!"  I
couldn't believe I was actually begging to be spanked by a perfect stranger,
that I actually did want to be spanked rather than have to wear my boxers.

	Natasha teased me a little more, letting me continue to beg for a
spanking, kissing her shoes, even licking the soles slavishly when she lifted
them up.  Finally she agreed that she would spank me and if I was very good and
didn't try to get away she would pick out some panties for me to try on.  I was
so relieved; I loved her almost as much as I loved Sarah.  She forgave me!  I
wouldn't have to wear the boxers!  I would have done anything to avoid it,
anything she asked.

	She made me follow her over to a couch that was sitting outside of the
dressing rooms.  She walked quickly so I had to scramble on the cold marble to
keep up.  My knees felt like someone had taken a hammer to them by the time I
reached the couch, but I was awaiting my spanking eagerly.  The sooner I got it
over with, the sooner I could start trying on panties!

	"Get up across my lap, slut.  I'm going to spank you until I get tired
of it, if you try to get away then I'll make you put on your boxers and leave my
store, and I won't ever let you buy panties here."  She said it sternly as she
took off the light suit jacket that covered her silk cream-colored blouse. 

	I had thought she was pretty before, but now I realized that her breasts
were even bigger than Sarah's and just as shapely.  I still preferred
brunette's, but I felt my cock get hard again as I spied the outline of a lacy
bra through then thin silk and imagined burying my face in her big, soft
breasts.  She noticed that and laughed cruelly.  She reached down and hiked her
skirt up a little bit, exposing the garter line of her stocking tops.  I
wondered what she was doing when she pulled off her panties.  Even as she was
wadding them up I could see the dark wet spot in the crotch.  Apparently she was
as excited by my antics as I was becoming by hers. 

	"And I don't want you making any noise.  A little sissy boy like you is
bound to start wailing and crying, so I'm going to help you out." 

	With that she reached forward and stuffed the panties into my mouth
forcefully.  She didn't stop until they were all the way inside of my mouth.  I
moaned and gagged a little, then my mouth adjusted to the intrusion.  I could
taste her juices in the panties and I shivered, my cock jerking at my waist. 
She leaned back and slapped one of her thighs lightly.

	"Get up here slut.  I want you across my lap."

	I climbed up onto the couch and positioned myself across her lap,
squirming around to get my hips centered in the middle of it.  I felt her reach
down and grab my cock, then slide it until it was encased between her thighs.  I
moaned into the gag at the feeling of her soft, stocking-clad thighs encasing my
throbbing cock.  I was afraid for a moment that I was going to come right then
and there!  Luckily she saved me by pinching me sharply on the ass, causing me
to shout, though luckily the panties muffled the sound into something akin to a
surprised grunt.

	I've always had a really low pain threshold.  As a kid I wasn't able to
play sports because of it.  I don't know why it is, but I know that things that
other people seem to shake off with no trouble can make tears flood my eyes. 
It's not exactly that I can't take the pain, but a stubbed toe usually has me
sitting down and cursing for minutes, where as other people just seem to be able
to walk it off without much trouble.  I figured that the spanking wouldn't
really be a big deal, just kind of some playful swats that wouldn't really hurt. 
I was wrong.

	Smack!  She must've gotten her whole arm behind that swing.  I could
feel my ass tingling, as I screamed into the gag.  Smack!  I couldn't believe
how much it hurt. Smack!  I felt tears flood into my eyes and I started to
squirm, tensing as I anticipated the next blow.  Smack!  I bawled into the gag,
bucking on her lap.  Only the thought of the boxers kept me from jumping off her
lap right then and there. 

	By the tenth slap tears were running freely down my face and my ass felt
like it was on fire.  By the twentieth I was starting to wonder if the boxers
wouldn't be preferable to this.  I couldn't believe how much force she could get
into each slap.   Even though she was alternating cheeks I felt like she had
broken the skin or something it hurt so much.  I was babbling into the panties,
begging incoherently for her to stop, no longer even able to think clearly
enough to try to get away.  Then I noticed a different sensation.  My cock was
rubbing up and down in between her thighs, sending sharp jolts of pleasure
through my body each time she brought her hand down.  By number forty I was
unabashedly humping her beautiful thighs, the pain and pleasure mixing in my
head.  My ass rising to meet each slap, then my hips thrusting down to take my
cock back into the soft silky crevasse of her thighs.  I couldn't tell the
difference between the pain and pleasure anymore.

	"What a slut, he loves it!"  I heard Natasha laugh sadistically.  My
face flushed bright red as I realized she was right, but I didn't stop, I
couldn't, I was out of control.

	"Yeah, you two look incredible, so sexy.  His ass is the color of a
strawberry."  I hadn't even realized that Sarah had come over I was so caught up
in the pleasure and pain of the vicious spanking.

	"Did you do this to him?"  Natasha sounded a bit out of breath, but the
pace of her spanking didn't slow in the slightest.

	"No.  I was planning to, but I'm still going through the fetishes right
now.  This is all him."  Sarah sounded pleased, but I really wasn't paying
attention to anything but the slaps on my ass and the feel of Natasha's thighs
on my cock.

	"Wow, you're a lucky girl Sarah.  He'll be unbelievable when you finish
with him."  The spanking started getting harder, as if Natasha took it as I
challenge that I was enjoying it.

	"Of course he will.  See if you can make him come."  Sarah was out of
breath now too, I managed a glance over at her and saw her sitting in chair
across from us, her dress pulled up to her hips and one hand buried in her
panties rubbing frantically while the other was inside her top playing with one
of her prefect breasts.

	"Are you joking?  He'll make a mess, I can't leave something like that
on one of the couches here, this place opens in two hours."

	"He'll clean it up, don't worry, he loves to lick up his own come."

	"Alright, but he better do a good job."  With this Natasha increased
both the pace and the force of the spanking.  I felt her thighs tighten around
my thrusting cock.  I was out of my mind.  The pain was unbearable, the pleasure
unbelievable.  I felt like she had stripped the skin off my ass, I felt like my
cock was going to explode.  I could hear Sarah start moaning and gasping with
pleasure from the chair across from us.  Somehow it wasn't quite enough to get
me over the edge.  Then I looked over at her and met her deep, hot, sexy eyes. 
She licked her lips seductively and mouthed the words 'come you little whore.' 
My cock exploded instantly.  My hips jack-hammering into Natasha's sweet thighs. 
I felt like I was pumping gallons of come.  The whole time I stared into Sarah's
eyes as her body too tensed and bucked with an orgasm.

	Natasha continued spanking me until I stopped thrusting into her and
collapsed across her lap.  My body was covered with a thin sheen of sweat.  I
started sobbing as the release of my passion caused the pain from my abused ass
to flood into my mind untempered by the pleasure of my cock.  Natasha let me
rest there a moment, stroking my ass gently until I had the sobbing under
control, then she pushed me off her lap into a kneeling position on the floor. 
I looked up into her eyes, eyes filled with the passion that she had been unable
to release with me on her lap.

	"You want to lick it up don't you, cumslut?"  Sarah asked from behind
me, placing a special emphasis on the last word.

	It hit me like a thunderbolt.  I looked down at Natasha's thighs and I
could see the streaks of my come marring her beautiful white stockings.  Could
see it pooling up on the couch cushion and glistening wetly on her soft white
thighs.  There was so much of it!  It was everywhere.  I normally lick up my own
come after I masturbate, imagining that some mistress is telling me to.  I've
never really liked the taste, but I have always like the thought of being made
to do it.  This was different, my mouth watered for it.  I wanted nothing more
than to lick up every last little bit, to savor every drop.  I even forgot about
the panties surrounding me, instead thinking only about the ones in my mouth,
wishing more than anything that they weren't there so I could suck up all the
beautiful come right in front of me.

	"Clean up your mess, slut," Natasha leaned forward and yanked the
panties roughly out of my mouth, spreading her thighs to give me access.  Tears
of gratitude flooded my eyes and I let out a moan of unadulterated pleasure as
the obstacle was removed.  I dove forward, burying my face in the cushion and
sucking up the sweet come as quickly as I could.  Letting it roll around in my
mouth before swallowing it to make room for more.  I was amazed to feel my cock
swelling to hardness again, after I had come so hard only a few moments before. 
I found every little bit of my come on the couch, then licking my lips to make
sure I had gotten every bit in my mouth I turned to Natasha's thighs. 

	Nothing could have come between me and that come except a direct order
from Sarah, and maybe not even that.  I moved foreword even farther, gathering
up every drop that covered those silky white stockings, and then savoring the
bits on the exposed flesh above them.  I licked my lips again to make sure it
was all in my mouth, then started to settle back on my heels, disappointed that
there was no more, wishing my mistress would let me come again so I could eat
more of my come.

	"Oh, no you little slut.  You got your orgasm, now it's my turn." 
Natasha grabbed me roughly by the hair and smashed my face into her pussy.  She
smelled and tasted different than my mistress, not bad though; she was just as
intoxicating.  But she didn't want the same things as Sarah had.  Instead of
letting me lick her she kept hold of my hair and mashed my face against her as
she humped her wet pussy up and down until I was soaked with her juices.  When
she came her thighs clamped down so hard on my head, and she pulled so hard on
my hair that I was afraid she might either rip it out or suffocate me with her
sweet pussy.  It was so long before she let up that I was actually starting to
see spots and felt a little lightheaded.  She kept hold of my hair though until
I had used my mouth to clean up all the come that glistened on her thighs and
pussy lips.  I found myself once again licking my lips, then furtively running
my fingers along my face to gather up the juices there and then licking them
clean.

	She smiled at me amusedly and I blushed deep red, but I kept on until I
had gotten every drop of her come too.  She looked up over my shoulder at Sarah,
"I take it that was your work?"

	"I told you not to worry, Nat."  Sarah smiled from where she stood,
readjusting her dress until it hung pristinely once more.

	"Who was worried?"  They both laughed.

	"I think its time we found him something more fitting to wear."  Sarah
looked down at me smiling tenderly.  "He does look cute like that, but I just
can't wait until you seem him in a pair of panties and stockings."

	"That can be arranged."  They both laughed again.

	I flushed even darker red at the thought, but my cock got even harder if
that's possible.  "Thank you mistress, thank you Miss Natasha."

	Sarah's smile could have rivaled the sun for brightness, "Your welcome,
sweetie.  Why don't you just sit on the couch here and play with your little
cock while we go find you some pretty little panties to wear?"

	I nodded obediently and moved to a seated position on the couch, wincing
as my ass came in contact with the cushion, even though it was incredibly soft. 
I immediately grabbed hold of my cock and started stroking it slowly, sighing
with pleasure and looking around at all the beautiful lingerie in the store. 
Every time a drop of precum would appear at the tip I would run my finger across
it and suck it clean hungrily.  Natasha and Sarah moved through the store,
carefully examining the different selections for ones that they thought would
look good on me.  I couldn't count the pairs of panties I tried on over the next
hour and a half, not to mention stockings, garters, merry widows, and almost
every other type of lingerie imaginable.  I ended up with at least twenty pairs
of panties that were judged good enough to take home, almost as many pairs of
stockings, several nighties, a sexy silk robe, and even half a dozen bras, which
I didn't understand.

	I ended up wearing a pair of sheer white panties with lace around the
edges and little pink bows at the hips, and a matching pair of thigh-high
stockings under my Dockers.  In fact, I'd just finished getting dressed when the
first of Natasha's coworkers arrived to start the workday.  I flushed red when
Natasha introduced us and my heart pounded, sure that yet another stranger was
about to know the perverse events I was being subjected to, but neither Sarah
nor Natasha said a word to her, instead Natasha simply finished ringing Sarah up
and invited her to come back again soon.

	"I'm sure I'll see you around, Tristan."  The look in her and Sarah's
eyes was all the confirmation I needed to be sure of it too.

	"Thank you, Miss Natasha, I look foreword to it."  I couldn't quite meet
her eyes as I said that, but I felt my cock throbbing in my pants.

	I followed Sarah out to her car carrying all the bags.  It was only
fair, I thought blushing, they were all for me after all.  I put them in the
trunk and got in the car.  Sarah leaned over and kissed me passionately, her
tongue forcing its way past my lips and stroking eagerly into my mouth.  That
kiss seemed to last forever, I could barely breath by the end of it, and I
moaned with delight as she bit my lip lightly before leaning back and pulling
out of the parking lot.

	"You're such a sweetie."  Once again she emphasized the last words and I
felt a change come over me.  I was still very much aware of the panties and
stockings I had on, and the boxes and bags full of them in the trunk.  I was
even still aroused by them, but they were no longer the only things I could
think about.

	"Um, thanks, you too," I mumbled lamely, a bit taken aback by the
change.

	She looked over at me and smiled, "Don't be worried, I just deactivated
the suggestions I used on you in there.  Since you already fantasized about them
you might experience some leakage."  When I just stared at her blankly she
continued, "What I mean is it might intensify those fantasies."

	"Oh, okay, that's alright," I smiled at her reassuringly, in case she
was afraid I would be upset.

	"Good, cause now we have to get back home for tonight's treatment.  I
want you to have a clear head when we start."  She smiled at me softly, that
amused look back in her eyes. 

	Oh boy, I thought, here we go again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Alias


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





