BDSM Library - Miss Wolsey




Miss Wolsey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Miss Wolsey, the 40 year old teacher did not take any chance in her whole life. But she made a mistake and she shouldn't kick Karen out of school. Later Karen was back as her Mistress and took the control of her.
Miss Wolsey nc s&m etc.... by Paladin From: rpaladin 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 1

============

The matronly lady teacher was bent over her trunk in the school parking lot. She
always placed her brief case in the trunk so that it would not fly around in
case of an accident. She was not one to take chances normally. With middle age
approaching she had gained weight and wisdom. She did not take chances as she
had in the past.

She did not realize it but she had made the biggest mistake of her 40 years. She
had had Karen suspended from school. The girl was incorrigible. She was rowdy
and bated her teachers. No one had disciplined her for soo long that she
practically ran the school.

The first the teacher knew of Karen's presence was when she felt the trunk lid
slam into her back pinning her half in her trunk.

"Wait a minute...Stop this!!!" Miss Wolsey cried as she attempted to struggle
out of the situation. The trunk lid held her firmly trapped and she felt a hand
undoing her skirt.

She ceased struggling with the lid and sought to stop her attacker from
possession of her skirt. She was not able to do it.  She felt a her skirt and
slip sliding down over her ass. Soon her only covering was her white cotton
panties.

"You stop that!! You stop that NOW!!!" Miss Wolsey screamed into the trunk.. to
no effect.

SMACK  SMACK

Someone delivered three quick vicious swats to her panty clad exposed ass.

"AHAHAHAAAAHAHAH " she cried and sought to struggle free with all her might to
no avail.

The hand returned to rip down her panties and then..

SMACK SMACK SMACK

Again someone delivered swats to the now unprotected white moons of the captive
teacher. Now she not only hurt physically but her modesty suffered. Her cunt and
ass were displayed to all and she knew not who was responsible. She was helpless
and half naked.

"Please stop this what do you want? Don't hurt me.. I'll do anything you want.."
the trapped half nude woman cried to the unseen assailant. To stop the
proceedings she would....

"Take off your blouse and bra, Wolsey and hand um out to me."

Karen's voice demanded from outside the trunk.

"Karen you stop this this minute...I'll have yo.. AHAHHHA" Miss Wolsey's demand
was cut short when someone swatted her soft formally white ass again and again.

SMACK  SMACK SMACK

"You stay there as long as you want Wolsey. I'll just amuse myself with this
willow branch till you give me the duds." Karen told her. "All your students
like the look of that snooty ass of yours. I think the red stripes are real
contrast."

SMACK SMACK SMACK

"Getting nice and red back here Wolsey. You just hold out as long as you like.
I'm having fun. Are you?"

SMACK SMACK SMACK

"Wait wait I'll do it stop...Please stop" sobbed the trapped teacher. As she was
sure their was no alternative she started on the blouse buttons.

"Hurry up bitch. That big ass of yours is just begging for more."

"No no...Please... please wait... here... here." the sobbing woman said as she
slid off the blouse and then the bra. She shoved them back behind her through
the crack of the lid.

"That is better. Now I'm going to lift the lid a little and you are going to
crawl inside the trunk..Unless you want me to play with this big ass of yours
some more." Karen demanded.

"Please no more.." the nude teacher said. "Let me go.. I won't tell anyone. Just
stop now. I'll go to the principal.."

"Shut up bitch. Just crawl into the trunk and be quick about it..  Now!!" The
touching of her ass by the stiff wooden limb convinced her.

The nude teacher crawled into the steel prison. The lid slammed shut and then as
she cowered in the dark she heard,

"Now we are going to a place where we can talk about our differences Wolsey. You
just sit right there and I don't want to hear a peep out of you. If I have to
come back there and attend to you, this time I'll just beat you to a pulp. You
got it??" Karen told the cowering captive.

She was stunned. She was ...she could not... she did not answer.

The trunk lid opened sharply and the bright light blinded her.  She sought to
cover her self with her hands and was unprepared for the slap delivered to her
left cheek. She fell over and sought to curl up in a ball. Anything to cover her
secrete treasures.

Karen reached down and dragged her head up by her hair. The back hand slap
caught her right cheek and she again sought to hide in the open trunk. Karen
reached in and took her purse and case.  Then slammed the lid tight.

"Let that be a lesion to you. When I tell you to do something you answer me. Now
you got it?" commanded Karen from outside the trunk.

"Yes Karen" sobbed the captive teacher.

"I can not hear you cunt, and my name is Mistress Karen to you...Now do you get
it?"

"Yes Mistress Karen" she answered quickly, not wanting to anger the girl who had
her soo scared. She covered her nudity and hugged herself and hopped that this
would end soon.

She heard the car door slam and the motor start up. Then the car drove out of
parking lot with it's owner cowering in the rear.  After a long trip with lots
of twists and turns and a series of bumps at the end, the car stopped. The car
door slammed and someone came around to open the prison door.

Miss Wolsey was again blinded by the light and seeking to cover herself with her
hands.

Karen reached in and drug the cowering woman out of the enclosure by her arm.
She fell at Karen's feet and looked up.

"Wolsey you pissed me off today and I'm going to fuck you up like no teacher has
been before. Now you cowering simp. I'm going to beat your ass till I get tired,
Then...we'll see what I'm going to do with you. Now get over here on your knees
and spread for me." Karen ordered.

Miss Wolsey was a mature woman. She could not surrender to this .. this child...
She attempted to rise and attack Karen standing  there smiling smugly, A quickly
well placed kick to the solar plexus quelled the attack before it started. Karen
leisurely walked around the hurting woman.. kicking a tit here ... an ass cheek
there and anywhere that pleased her. Finally she stopped and demanded, "Had
enough?? Now get on those bony knees with that big ass up and lets start with
your little lesion. Shall we? Or do I have to go on?"

Miss Wolsey knew their was no point in attempting resistance. She looked around
for help but they were in a large open field. She knew pleading would do her no
good. She knelt down on all fours and awaited the whipping by her former
student.

"Old no guts Wolsey. Well with out the shit of the school I'm the teacher and
you are shit. Ain't that right. Now bend down and stick the ass up. Head down!
Now spread those legs. Let that stinking cunt air out. After this I might want
to rent it out."

Smack smack........

Miss Evelyn Wolsey sought to endure her students wrath. She cringed... then wept
and finally screamed and rolled around begging like a baby..

Karen's right arm got tired. She switched to the left and then when the formally
white ass was glowing red she paused.

Wolsey crawled to her. Rapped her arms around the girls leg and begged,

"Please no more...I won't tell I'll get you back in school... I'll I'll be your
slave I'll do anything you say...I'll..."

"OK I'm tired and I need a cum. Take down my panties, get under my skirt and
lick me till I cum." Karen demanded...

"NO NOT TH.." Wolsey started but the willow branch smashed into her and she
found herself under the girls skirt closer to another females sex than she had
ever been in her life.

With shaking hands she lowered the white panties and sought to nuzzle the
sweating pubis of her student. 

"Quit that lolly gagging Wolsey. I said I need a cum. Lick me and be quick about
it. If I don't feel that shitty tongue I may just concentrate on these." Karen
demanded with her right hand gripping Evelyn's dangling left tit.

A squeeze convinced Evelyn that the girl would do it. She stuck out her tongue
and licked the hairy slit. As she was a tyro and reluctant. Karen had to direct
her efforts. She was horrified at the girls demands and sought to withdraw when
the girl demanded servicing of her ass. A touch of the willow on Evelyn's
burning ass convinced her this was not going to be permitted so gagging she
stuck out her tongue. Once past the nauseating smell she was licking it.

"Wolsey you better get that tongue in gear or I will see how long it takes me to
flatted these." Karen demanded with a squeeze to the left tit she was holding.

Evelyn, convinced the monster would whip her tits, found her clit and sucked it
as hard as she could. The shuttering of the girl brought relief to the cowering
teacher. She hopped now to be let go and withdrew from the skirt.

"Not bad Wolsey. About a hundred more times and you will be competent at that."

"Please you have beaten me...and I did IT for you now let me have my clothes and
I can go home." the sad woman demanded starting to wipe off her tear stained cum
spattered face.

Karen stooped down and slapped her left cheek soo hard Evelyn spun around and
fell face first in the grass.

"Don't you touch that. From now on that is your facial cream, straight from my
pussy. I'll have you use my piss as your cologne.  Now get up and stand with
your hands by your side so I can see what I have to work with here." Karen
explained to the prone woman. She grabbed Evelyn's hair and dragged her up to
feet.

The daised beaten woman stood there and again looked around for help. Their was
none.  Here she was a matronly woman, naked being examined by a girl. She sought
to back away from her tormentor, but as she turned to run Karen tripped her and
then raised the willow branch.

SMACK SMACK SMACK

"You keep up this foolishness Wolsey and you won't be able to sit for a month or
two. You want to play some more?" Karen asked.

"NO NO PLEASE STOP...I've learned my lesson." Evelyn forced her aching body to
roll over and winced when her ass  touched the grass. She rose, shakily to her
feet and stood still. She could not run... or fight this witch. She stood there
and sought to crotch down with her hands coming up to cover her modesty.

"Um I uh , I said hands down and stand up straight. stick out those tits cunt
face." Karen ordered. She raised the stick and Evelyn did as ordered.

Karen reached out with her left hand and felt the teachers tits.

"Not bad.. They sag a bit but well not too bad. I may stretch um down to your
knees if you ever disobey me again." the hand fluttered over her expanding waste
line and commented, "This is going to change Wolsey. Too many lunches, not
enough exercising.  I'll fix that. Now open the lips so I can see inside... Do
it cunt face or Karen spank."

Evelyn balked but the raised branch convinced her. she reached down and spread
her labia.

"I'm not going to get down there fool. Stick that cunt out so I can see
inside... Now!!"

The order was too much she looked at the girl. The cold stair convinced her. She
shifted her hips and showed her secrete place to the younger girl. She hoped for
relief. Standing here in an open field under the command of this witch she was a
slave. The burning pain in her ass cheeks and the dull fire in her left tit
convinced her to behave as ordered.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 2

============

"Not bad for a dried up old hag. Buzzer is small. Show me how you get off."
Karen demanded.

Evelyn's head snapped up and she looked terrified into the smiling face of her
tormentor. She couldn't ... She...

Karen raised the willow branch to strike the exposed tits.

Evelyn starred at the grass and fingered her small clit. She rubbed it round and
round listlessly. She would do it but she would not..

"Not like that Wolsey. Pinch that nipple. Spread those knees." Karen tapped her
thighs with the branch, "Stick out that tongue and lick those lips. Let it all
hang out. Do I have to teach you everything?" came the demands.

Through tear clouded eyes she looked up pleadingly with hope of a reprieve.
Karen's smile convinced her she would have no respite.  She began the required
things and in spite of her self contiousness. Her mind rebelled. She quickly
glanced around and saw no one to stop this. She looked back at the tormentor.

"I said jerk off cunt face or do I have to..."

"No No Here see I'm doing it I'm... I..." Evelyn stammered and began to friction
her bud and nipple. She worked at it for an eternity. She looked down at the
grass and tried to concentrate.

"Dried up old prune!" Karen commented as she reached into the open cunt. "I
guess I have to teach you everything. You call yourself a teacher!! G'me that."

A sharp pinch to the sensitive bud brought Evelyn's hands to cover Karen's. A
sharp frown from Karen caused Evelyn to drop her hands to her sides. A sharp
twist and the command

"Who told you to rest. Get on those nips and let's see some action there. Lick
those lips. Come on come on I'll make a whore of you yet." Karen demanded.

Karen stuck the stick under her left arm, reached down and rimmed Evelyn's
vagina.

Evelyn felt a fluttering in her stomach. She kept her eyes down and wished for
the ground to open up and swallow her up. Her body began to betray her.  She thought. Then a finger nail
scrapped her vaginal wall.  It pusher her over the top....

"Now that is more like it... Now we know you need a digit in there to cum you
old bitch." Karen said to the spasming woman. "I think we will try this again
later, maybe with some toys... Or I know a farmer who has a stud goat. Would you
like that??"

The horror of the suggestion caused her to freeze. She starred at her tormentor.
She couldn't.... she woul...

"Please Karen..."

"MISTRESS KAREN to you cunt!"

"Mistress Karen...Please don't.... I've done what you wanted...

I.." Evelyn begged.

"You simp... I offer you a chance at a new experience and you just cower there.
Ok if you are a really really good girl, I'll forget the goat. Now get back into
the trunk. I have to get some things we need for your training before the store
closes." Karen ordered.

"Please give me my..." Evelyn started to beg. "AHAHAHAAAAA"

Quick s a snakes stripe Karen retrieved the willow branch and delivered a blow
to the exposed tits.

Evelyn sunk to her knees covering her wounded orbs. Her world dissolved into red
burning pain.

"MISTRESS KAREN!! You simp and you do not demand anything. I want you that way
and you stay that way till it pleases me to give you something to put on or in
your shitty body. You got it?" Karen demanded with her left hand holding
Evelyn's head up.

"Yes...Mistress Karen..." the humbled hurting woman stammered. As she allowed
her self to be dragged to the rear of her car. At the tugging she climbed into
the trunk and sought to cover her aching orbs.

"None of that shit. Bitch. Jack off the clittie for me. You are soo up tight you
need the practice. Every time I open the lid and find you not pulling it I'll
give these a shot." Karen ordered squeezing her right tit. "You understand
Wolsey?"

Evelyn starred up at her tormentor. She ran he hands to her cunt and did as
ordered. When she saw the raised stick she quickly added, "Yes Mistress Karen."

With a satisfied smile Karen closed the lid. Evelyn looked up into the darkness
and started to comfort her burning tits.

the lid flew open and Karen demanded, "I told you what you were to do bitch.
Kneel up and stick um out for me."

"No please No I... I'll do it.. I'll..." Evelyn begged.

"That is two now. Do it now or I will have to drag you out of here and mash um
flat. Upsie daisy now..." She said raising Evelyn by her hair. "Now be a good
girl or Karen really get pissed and ..."

Evelyn saw their was no respite. Karen would beat her to a pulp.  she lowered
her hands to her crotch and began the required manipulations.

"I'm doing it see. I.... AHAHAHHHHAAHH" Evelyn started only to receive stripe
over her unprotected tits.

"Good girl...Now get those hands down there again so we can get the other one
out of the way." Karen demanded.

Again she searched the horizon for help of some sort. Their was none. She
lowered her hands to her cunt and began to rubbing her bud. 

"AHAHHHAAAA" she screamed as the burning stripe again descended over her chest.

"Good now show me a my kinky bitch jerking off." Karen demanded.

Balling Evelyn did the required manipulation. She did not stop when Karen forced
her down with the trunk lid. She did not stop when the car started to bounce
over the rutted field. She felt the paved road. She slaked off, but at every
stop she redoubled her efforts. Her burning tits seemed to transfer to her
belly. Her body started to lubricate. She hated herself for being such a coward.
She should... She rubbed and rubbed.

Her car stopped and the trunk lid raised. Through the blinding light a hand
seized her aching right tit. Another hand, with a digit extended, sunk into her
wet hole. She continued with her demeaning task. Quaking and hoping.

"Good girl. Wolsey You may just make a good whore after all." Karen said, "Now
you just go on with your practicing while I go get us some shit for your further
education. If I find a good girl I will bring you a toy to play with. If not..."
the hand tightened on her right orb. She redoubled her efforts. She did not want
the crack across her already hurting mammary.

Evelyn's eyes adjusted to see the car was parked in an alley someplace down
town. The lid slammed shut. If she cried out maybe someone would.... She went on
with her clit rubbing. Karen would whip her tits again and where would she go
down town naked?

She came again... She tried to bring the fluttering again when she heard
footsteps approaching the car. She heard the key being inserted in the lock.
Again the blinding light and Karen's voice,

"See I told you the bitch is soo perverted!"

"Yep shure nuf be a prevert. Open up for old Luthor." came a new voice and a
black hand gripped her jaw and cheeks forcing her to open her mouth.

"Please.....nnnnn aaaa a" Evelyn tried to object when a prod was shoved home in
her mouth with a ball at its end. The ball projection went behind her teeth and
she felt straps being buckled behind her head.

As this happened she saw a large black man before her holding her head up for
the process. Her hands raced to cover her treasures from this new pair of eyes.

"Old bitch ain't she." came the observation from the new observer. "Tits big
enough but well they beginning to sag."

She felt a leather belt circle her waist and it was tightened so it sunk into
the chubby middle. The compressing caused her to gasp into the rubber ball.

The smiling black man took her right hand and drew it away from her precious
mammary and forced it into a glove sewn into the waste cinch. Another pair of
female hands pulled her left hand from their attempt at covering her slit and
forced it into another glove sewn into the other side of the belt.

she was now trusted up unable to cover anything from the black mans perusal. He
reached out, his task complete, and fondled her right tit.

"Nice nipple. All pink and shit. These didn't feed no rug rats. Seems like a
waste..she being soo old and all." Luthor commented.

She looked for deliverance from Karen. She was a woman and surely she would
not....

"Thanks for the help Luthor. Don't know what I would have had to do to get her
fixed up... Now you want to fuck her? I got to warn you. Holes probably all cold
and clammy. Not much use for man sized dicks with those bony fingers on her as
you could see." Karen commented holding her teacher like an exhibit in science
class.

"Well you'lls done got my horn up back there in the store...So yea...I takes a
fuck at her. Bend her over." Luthor said unzipping his jeans freeing a black
rubber pipe like projection.

Wolsey was horrified at the sight of the projected occupant of her precious
vagina. She commenced to shaking her head and trying to crotch down to hide from
the proposed mating.

"Bitch be real shy. Don't she." Luthor chuckled, "Come on little lady once I
fucks um they stay fucked for a week or more."

Like a man positioning a baby, Luthor turned her around and lifter her ass to
the desired height. He held her in place with his right hand and lined up his
dick with his left.

Evelyn shook her ass. She tried to wiggle away to insure he would not spear her.
He held her up and his huge organ found the already moist hole.

"Bitch be wet already. Real kinky bitch....AHHHAAA" Luthor observed as she
gained the dick hold in her hole.

"Bitch be real tight... but you'se be wrong. ain't dried up.

Shriveled maybe but I'se straighten the wrinkles ou.... ahaahhha"

Luthor sunk about six inches in the wet reluctant hole.  Evelyn saw stars. No
one had ever  been this big and she grunted  around the gag. The dick stopped
there and she prayed to god that was it. It was soo painful. Was their no end to
this ... She felt it would come up to meet the one in  her mouth

"Now bitch for the sweet part. Youse got the head and the rest be the part put
you in heaven." Luthor said as he power fucked the remaining 6 inches into the
old teacher.



She passed out. A vile of ammonia revived her and she felt the plumb sized balls
against her labia. Her innards protested their relocation. I she had not been
soo wet he would have split her right down the middle. She attempted to rise up
and reject the intruder. His muscular chest on her back would not allow this.

"Bitch be deep nuff to take it all. Course she be soo tight she almost skinned
my old black snake. Bitch be lezzie?? Not much use here. You bring her around a
couple of times and I bust her out to man sized for you'll." Luthor offered.

He commenced to sawing in and out. Evelyn prayed for him to cum.  The idea of
his seed in her hole was less painful than the huge dick roaming inside her.

"AAHAHHHHHH!!!!" Luthor said and soon the black snake softened and withdrew with
an audible pop.

"Now you got your nut, help me fix her for the trip home." Karen demanded.

Luthor forced her up on her knees and forced her knees wide open with the simple
expedient of pulling on her thighs. Looking in her straining horrified eyes,
Luthor said, "Make a wish!!"

Karen removed from a paper bag two large dildos, and added,

"The nice man gave me two the same sized just for you. Wasn't that almost white
of him?"

"See bitch youse wish done come true! HAHAHAAAA" Luthor commented to the spread
teacher.

Evelyn squirmed and squirmed but the vagina dummy went in no problem but the ass
one would not. Karen was frustrated and tired everything she knew.

"Here let me." Luthor said.

He threaded the bisecting thin strap through the 'D' rings in the dongs ends and
forced it up the reluctant slit. He pulled it taught and then man handled Evelyn
up off her knees into the air.  Then he grabbed the end of the thin strap and
dropped the struggling woman.

Her own weight forced the dildos home in the reluctant holes. Evelyn felt her
eyes bulge and her innards shift. She tried to shift her self but the ever
resourceful Luthor buckled the strap to it's manimum hole. Sealing them in her.

"Got's to be careful doing that. Could lose a lip if'n I fuck up, but this time
it be all done right. See"

Karen doubtfully looked down at Wolsey's crotch. Sure enough the labia were
straining on each side of the thin strap. She ran her hand over the straining
sex.

"Yea you really know how to stuff a turkey. Here take an extra twenty for the
help. If I need her holes open I'll think of you."

"I aims to please. Call old Luthor anytime. I makes house calls." the black man
said smiling.

Evelyn's world dissolved into red and black.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 3

============

Evelyn returned to this world slowly. She was again in the total darkness of her
moving car. Now she was stuffed and with two huge buzzing dildos. She was
running like a river and her nipples would poke holes in the trunk if only she
could set up.  She tried to bring her hands down to alleviate the buzzing. She
could not... She could do nothing but just wallow there and come ... and....

The car stopped and the door opened. The footsteps went away from the car and
left her in her prison. Again she was left here in her the dark more of a
prisoner as she was trust up and plugged. She wondered where she was. What would
the witch do to her now??

After how long she could not guess she heard footsteps approaching her place of
confinement. The trunk lid raised and Karen reached in with a blindfold and took
her sight. She felt hands raising her to the sitting position and her naked ass
contacted the cold car metal. Shivering she was tugged out and felt a pull to
her neck. She stumbled on following the pull. She found that he ankles were
hobbled so she could only step about a foot at a time. The discomfort of the
dildos was excruciating but bent over she made progress.

She ran into the stairs with her big toe and learned to feel her way slowly up
the short climb. She tried to keep bent over so the dummies would not cause her
further pain but the dangling pendulums on her chest caused her to stagger and
lurch forward.  She could not imagine what any observer must think of her.

She was an upstanding citizen this morning, now she was just a naked whore going
where her mistress commanded. She was horrified at the change. She was further
distressed at her acceptance of it. She should....she....

She detected a bight light and a soft female hand grasped her left tit.

"Wolsey these do not appear too bad. They must be sore, red as they are but
their should be no permanent welts just yet. You mind your manners and I won't
have to do any permanent damage yet." Karen said with a twist.

All thought of disobeying vanished. The tits were too important to her. She
would do what Karen wished. No question!

"OK now let's see what you think of your place in life now."  The light was
switched out and she was forced to her knees.

The blind fold was removed but the darkened room reviled nothing as to where she
was. She saw a darkened bed and her neck was roped to the bed foot board. Karen
brought a glass bowl and placed it between her knees, with the order  "Pee for
me and be quick about it."

She was embarrassed and could not do it. Karen grabbed her smarting right tit and
squeezed. She ordered,

"Pee for Karen or she beat your miserable tits."

The pressure convinced her. She strained and strained and finally a messy stream
bathed her whole crotch and drenched the leather holding strap. Selfcontiously
she peered up in the darkness at her former student and cringed when she heard,
Messy bitch but I'm not going to take those things out to relieve you. Now hold
still while I prepare my toilette." Karen removed her mouth prod and pulled her
hair and ears till Evelyn's face was under Karen's cunt open smelly cunt.

"Cover my pee hole Wolsey. This will be our thing from now on.  Isn't that
great? I sure you will be really good at it, WON'T YOU??"

Evelyn looked up into her Mistresses cunt. 
The tug of her left nipple changed her mind. She puckered up and covered the
soon spewing hole. She could not keep up with the flow so her face and hair was
soon inundated with the smelly yellow liquid.

"OH you kinky bitch. You wanted to try your new cologne. Now you will have all
night to adapt to it. Now clean me up so I can get my rest, you messy bitch."
Karen demanded.

Evelyn's throat burned with the vile liquid it had downed. Her face smelled like
a urinal, which it was. the bitter taste was still on her tongue and now she had
to lick clean the witches pee hole. She woul...... the hand was still on her
tit. She reached  up, with he tongue and did the cleaning chore. 

After it was done, Karen cinched Evelyn's neck tight to the bed foot board,
climbed under the covers and ordered, "Now I am going to take a nap. You just
set there and wait till I need you. I know the dummies will keep you happy till
I want to play some more." Karen ordered her cringing smelly servant.

Evelyn was miserable.  Try as she might their was no way
she could escape, fixed as she was.

Her knees hurt. She smelled horrible. She was cold. But she waited for her
Mistresses pleasure....

Where was she? The darkness and her position restricted her to a familiar
looking dark foot board. The dildos kept her attention and did not let her think
straight. She was miserable and hurting. She drifted off to a troubled nodding
sleep.

"Wolsey you smelly old cunt wake up" came the command that brought her out of
her slumber. That and a slap to the back of her bowed head.

Looking up she saw the black curly haired pussy of her mistress descending over
her lower face. The bright light allowed her to see blurry images or familiar
wall paper beyond the female sex.

"I told you this would be out thing, Wolsey. Now try to be better this time or
I'll take a strap to you. I like my piss drinkers more skilled and you will be
doing this from now on...Won't you Bitch!" Karen demanded of the captive former
teacher.

Evelyn searched frantically for something to save her from this.  Their was
nothing. She puckered up and she covered Karen's urethra and waited like a slave
for her mistresses voiding.

As she started to taste the horrible liquid  she realized she was in her own
house. Karen had her in her own house. She was a naked piss slave in her own
bedroom. She had little time to reflect on this as the flow increased to
overflowing her oral cavity. She dribbled the vile liquid over her chest and red
tits.

Karen was furious. She grabbed Evelyns hair and dragged the trusted up bitch to
the bathroom and threw her into the bottom of the tub.

Quickly she squatted over a horrified Evelyn's chest and strained and strained
till a flow of turds emoted onto the captives tits.

Karen shifted her ass over the reeling captives face and ordered,

"Now I want that hole clean pronto bitch or I will make your skin off that
stinking hide of yours. No fucking around do it now."

Evelyn's mind retreated to shock. She quickly tongued the required hole and did
not even think of trying to dissuade this witch. The stink and filth on her
chest and the smell in her hair and face showed this girl could do anything she
wanted to her.

She worked and worked, polishing the girls ass hole. She cringed when she heard,

"You sly bitch. You wanted to do this all the time didn't you?  Now a little
something to wash it down and don't you dare spill a drop or get your filth on
me." Karen demanded.

Evelyn puckered up her lips and this time she managed to stomach all the
stinking yellow fluid. She did not know what else to do.

Karen rose from her slave and observed,

"Boy what a pig you are Wolsey. I going to have to give my bitch a wash down
right now. Get up in the tub on your knees. You mistress is  going to make it
all better."

Wolsey knelt in the tub with the her mind totally shattered. She was as her
former student suggested... a pig bitch. The memory of the turds flowing over
her precious tits. The burning sour taste of the piss. She was broken.  She was
the only able to obey the girls commands.

She found herself shivering and realized the girl was washing her with only cold
water. The cleansing of her flesh cooled her to a teeth chattering cold.

"There now that we got that nasty old stuff off we have to get you cleansed
inside.... I think a pig bitch like you needs your  'Walkies' don't you Wolsey."
Karen demanded grabbing the wet hair and dragging the almost chomotose woman to
through her house and out the back door.

She was now freezing and started to convulse from fear.  Evelyn feared.

"Squat like a good piggie or I whip those stiff sagging bumps.  Wolsey you are a
disgusting kinky whore. You like 'Walkies' out here. Just look those stiff
headlights, you disgusting degenerate." Karen chided her.

Evelyn cringed. She knew that she would have to do as the girl demanded. She
squatted and starring at the ground released her bladder in the back yard.

"Well I didn't believe you could do it Karen. You have got the old bitch peeing
on command. I love it." came a female voice.

Miss Wolsey squatting naked pissing at her students order looked up and beheld
three of her other unruly students. She sought rise but Karen kept her hair hold
fixing her to the spot of her humiliation.

"Girls old Wolsey here is just and old pig bitch, and she responds well to a
little kindness. See how well she pees." Karen explained.

Francis beamed, "As I'm class photographer I got to get a picture of this. I'll
bet they would let me run it in the school paper...  Na those stuffed shirts
would shit... and jerkoff."

Karen tightened her grip on Evelyns hair and forced her to look at the camera as
Francis recorded the scene. Karen grabbed Wolsey's lower Jaw and forced her head
up to the cameras all seeing eye.

"Wolsey don't despair, my friend Luthor can get these pictures published. He
knows a lot of porno mags dudes. They will just flip. Teacher and her students.
Why for a fuck or two he might even pay you...I mean me... Your mistress from
now own will take care of everything, Woun't I?"




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 4

=============

"Karen does she really do it all for you?" Julia asked.

"Well I haven't tried it all on her yet. Course I only had her for a short time.
She is coming right along though, Aren't you you old piss drinker whore?"

Evelyn lowered her head and tried to make her self smaller. She did not know
what to say. What could she do? She just knelt by her young Mistress and turned
red from the question and it's implications. These were her students. They would
tell their friends and the whole town would know before night fall. She would
have to leave town. She would never get a teaching job again. Her life was
over!!

"You better answer me before I go get the stick we communicated with yesterday
bitch." Karen demanded of her cowering slave.

"I'l...I'll do what you say .... Mistress.." She finally brought herself to say.
She could not look up at anyone of the girls assembled there.

A lot of giggling caused her to hope for a reprieve. She looked up to Karen's
grip of her hair. The tears in her eyes pleaded for some mercy, some respite.

"Tell these good ladies what you did for me this morning." Karen demanded.

Francis's flash recorded the moment. "Slave and Mistress."

"I drak..... drank your piss.... I..." she started... She omitted the time in
the tub and the turds but she had not forget that.

"She is modest! Girls I think she is inexperienced, and I want to broaden her
horizons before the party tonight. I'll bet she would love to practice on some
cunts to get in top form for the girls tonight. How about we go inside and help
the old cunt faced whore out?" Karen offered.

"Yea I'm freezing my tits off out here." Francis said.

Karen lead Wolsey by her hair back to the kitchen door and they forced her to
her crawl under her round kitchen table.

"All right girls off with the bottom halfs. We will just sit here and have tea
while the lezzie whore ambles from cunt to cunt and munches. OK??" Karen
suggested. The girls were reluctant, but Karen stripped off her jeans and
panties so the rest followed her lead. Karen filled the pot and started the
water to boiling.

Francis was the first to strip off her jeans and panties. She sat down spread
her neither lips with her fingers and demanded. "Come to mama you bitch. Let me
feel that educated tongue. I hear the educated ones make the best pussy lickers.
Comes from the over education of the brain."

Reluctantly the others did the same and soon Wolsey was surrounded by a
collection of smelly, hairy cunts at her kitchen table. She sought to scoot to
the farthest position from one and bumped into another naked knee. She was
trapped there and their prisoner but she would not....

"She in't doing nothing. I thought you said she was trained." came a comment
from one of her former students.

"Guess she needs more time in the tub." a chair started to push back. Karen was
going to...

Evelyn scooted to a pussy in front of her and commenced to rub it with her
precious face. She could not take another minute in the tube. This was bad but
that was...unthinkable.

"Wait a minute. I think she was just looking over the fur. She is ...YA lick
that crack you old whore. Show us what you are good for... Come on make with
that educated tongue teach."

"Next time I give you an order you better get to it right away.  No more
slacking off you old bitch." Karen's voice cut through her cowered state like a
knife.

With tears of relief Evelyn, for Karen had returned to he seat, licked the cunt
in front of her. She did not know which student it was but it had saved her a
trip to the tub. It did not matter which one it was. They were equally horrible.
She found the little nub of flesh that was the key to this cunt and she tickled
it with her precious tongue. She felt the girl shutter and stiffen and then she
knew she was done with this one at least. The moisture coming from the vagina
told the tail.

"Aw that was great. Better than any lecture she ever gave me. Do me some more."
came the demand. "I think she was holding back."

"Na one to a customer right now. I want her to get the hang of different ones."
Karen ordered, "Wolsey get over to the next one and be quick about it. We ain't
got all day slut."

It was not fair, they were treating her like a trained animal..  She was an
educated woman... a teacher... she... but the threat that Karen would...

She crawled between the next pair of legs. Burrowed into the thick curls and
found a smelly slit. She held breadth and started to minister to it. She soon
had it devoid of the piss smell and the odor of fish replaced the former.  Evelyn thought as she endured the ordeal.

She went around the table. Then, by popular request, and Karen's order she
licked her way around again. Evelyn did not dare stop.

Her tongue ached. Her knees hurt. It was cold down there, naked on the tile
kitchen floor. Her neck muscles screamed for relief but at a word from Karen and
she redoubled her efforts. Her whole world faded to the legs and hairy slits of
her former students.

"DING DONG"

"Must be the stuff I ordered for the party. Wolsey you go on with the girls. You
give them any shit and I will whip those tits again." Karen ordered. "You hear
me bitch."

She heard Karen go to the door. Now was her chance.. but was it.  She was naked.
Her students were half naked in her kitchen. If she screamed and someone, came
she would go to jail. She could do nothing. She tortured herself with thoughts
of what could happen. She was their pawn for as long as they wanted her. If
anyone found her, she would be judged a sex fiend. Their was no escape.

She went to the next furry cunt and commenced to licking it again. This time the
girl giggled and peeded in her face. She sought to pull back but the bitch had
tangled her hands in Evelyn's hair and would not let go. She ordered,

"Drink it all up like a good bitch. Then you can tell us if mine is sweater than
Karen's. Pay attention now. I'll be asking questions after.." Alice said mocking
Evelyns manner of speech.

"Alice what are you doing." came an inquiry from the other side of the room.

"Well Karen said she drank her pee, and I thought I'd see if she was shitting
us. Come on you old whore. Lap it all up. We know you love it."

Wolsey, could only kneel there captive and drink from the spouting hole. She was
a mess. She could not call Karen. Then too she might do worse. She drank the
vile stuff as best she could. She got a lot all over her tits and chest.

"Yeckie! She is a messy bitch. She really needs more training with this. Anyone
else want to try?"

"What is this shit." Karen demanded upon her return.

Alice explained and Karen dragged her out from her hiding place under the table
again by her hair.

"I told you to do my friends here for the experience. You embarrass me by this.
Get those hands behind your head...Now ...I warned you I'd whip those tit bags
if you fucked up.  Where is my belt." Karen demanded looking around the room for
her leather belt.

Florence, ever the helpful bitch, handed her a slim leather belt with a big
brass buckle from her own jeans.

"Here use mine." She offered.

Karen took it and demanded, ''Kneel up and stick um out there for me. You
disobedient bitch."

"NO NO Please I did not men..." Evelyn began.

"Two each if you obey, or ten on each bag if they have to hold you. Now! Make up
your mind."

Miss Wolsey looked at he former students. They were all around her, half naked,
smiling and just waiting to help Karen in her punishment.  She knew Karen meant
it... Ten would kill her she was sure.

Sniffling she knelt up and placed her hands behind her head. Her tits rose for
their unwanted attention. Her students snickered t the spectacle.

"Now just like in school, why am I going to punish you cunt?"

Karen demanded.

"I.... I did... spil... I didn't drink Alice's piss. I.."

The words were barely out of her mouth when a line of fire burned both her soft
full tits across the nipples.

"ANANAHAHHAHAHA....." Wolsey screamed and fell down clutching her wounded orbs.
They must be cut in half, she felt. The belt had mutilated her precious.....

A hand dragged her head back up and Karen demanded,

"I did not understand you bitch.. Now be quick about it or I'll have then hold
you down and really wail on these shitty bags."

Evelyn saw a red line where the hurt emanated from. They were not cut..yet.. she
looked up into her students determined face and she blurted out..

"I did not drink all Alice's piss... I'm sorry!! Please... Please.."

"Good now hold um out there. No more wasting time. We got a party to get ready
for. Do it now." Karen demanded doubling the belt in her right hand as she ready
it for the strike.

Evelyn straightened and stuck out her precious orbs. The blows convinced her
that she would do anything these fiends demanded of her now and forever. Much as
she detested the things she was forced to do the whipped tits taught her then to
obey.

When Karen was done, she gave Florance back he belt and demanded,

"Lick up this mess and be quick about it. Girls get dressed and go get ready for
the party. The boys will be here any minute."

Wolsey licked up the floor with her burning tits swaying as she lapped. She
thought to soothe the wounds but their every move was torture. She did not balk
at the horrible task. The belt, although now around Florences waist, was still
available. Too close in time and space.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 5

============

When the kitchen floor was to Karen's liking, she dragged Wolsey to the master
bedroom. Karen forced her into the bathroom there and then ordered,

"I need a tongue bath for the party." When Evelyn advanced upon her Karen cried,
"No! Not like that you pig. Your tongue has been in some filthy places. Use some
of that mouth wash first.  Gargle.. twice... and then get over here."

An embarrassed Evelyn did as ordered. Her tongue had been in some 'filthy
places'. Her cleansing task completed, she knelt and started on the cleaning of
her evil Mistress feet first.

She started on Karen's toes. She spent forever getting between, each and every
one. Demeaning her very soul by the time spent on this task. The whole time
Karen ordered and demanded her complete subservience. Naked whipped and subdued
she had no choice but obedience to Karen. Evelyn's red striped, aching tits and
well whipped ass guaranteeded her obedience.

Evelyn progressed up Mistress's legs and with a sore tongue. She bathed the
crotch, paying particular attention to the cleaning of the holes. Yesterday she
would have died before she thought of doing this for anyone let alone one of her
students.

Evelyn licked and licked and after an eternity Karen was satisfied. She had
Wolsey kneel, face up, for the administration of her new cologne.

Stinking like a used urinal Wolsey fixed Karen's hair and dressed her like the
slave she was. Then Karen took a spray can and colored all of Wolsey hair
purple. The effect of the metallic color on her head and sex made her appeared
like a stinky exotic creature from another world. Karen took another can and
painted her tits red. The color scheme was a sight to behold.

Karen careful waited for the paint to dry before she went on with decorating her
slave for her coming out party.

A thick cut down belt formed a collar to complete the slaves ensom. Karen
attached a rope to the collar and lead her demeaned slave to the former living
room.

Wolsey was mortified and kept trying to bring her hands to cover something. She
did not have enough hands.

Karen did not want her to smear her coatings or spoil the shocking effect, so
she tied Evelyn's hands behind her. Now she could hide nothing.  She tended to
bend over but her dangling orbs hurt worse then so she had to let it all hang
out.

"DING DONG"

"Come on slut. Your guests are arriving, and don't slouch so. I want them to see
what a good slut you are. This will get a really good idea of your worth like
this." Karen commented as she dragged the teacher slave to her front door.

Wolsey wanted to make herself looked small. Anything to  preserve her modesty!
No way was Karen going to allow this. Karen raised the lead rope as high as her
arm would reach and opened the door.

Horror of horror, Evelyn's eyes beheld three of her worst male students. Choking
from the collars pressure she stood there and shook with horror.

Karen let um in and closed the door.

"Hello teach. You really are a kinky bitch. I wish I found you for my self."
Victor commented raising his right hand to a red painted tit. "These would have
pacified me the whole time in class."

"Yea, Vic we all know you are a tit man. Now me I like to lose me in a cunt."
Mark said fingering aside her purple cunt hair and lips to slip the digit in her
vagina. "Teach you could have fucked me anytime with this. Your horned slut
you."

"Later boys we got other guests coming go on inside the girls have the
refreshments set up." Karen ordered the ogling boys. She did not want them to
spoil her paint job before all the students got to see it.

Reluctantly the boys started to walk away but when her back was turned Wolsey
felt a finger sink between her cheeks and into her  ass  hole.

"UMMM" Evelyn whispered.

"Paul let her ass hole alone... For now.. It is probably cold and shitty
anyway." Francis commented from the hall.

Holding up his middle finger Paul explained, "Na it is nice and tight... Just
like I like'm."

"You pig!!" Alice commented from beside her friend in the hall.

"OINK OINK  OIN...." the boys commented together as they went into the dining
room looking for beer and snacks.

"DING DONG"

Karen opened the door again and again. Each time a new horror for the formally
prim and proper 'Miss Wolsey". Evelyn was gradually becoming numb when the door
opened and a massive black shape filled the opening.

"Luthor...I...We are soo glad you could come. Aren't we Wolsey!!"

Karen demanded.

Evelyn was sure she was going to be sick. Here was the man that had stretched
out her vagina yesterday. She felt especially foolish at her embarrassment
before this man. After all he has already fucked her but she was. Why was her
former dry cunt beginning to water??

Before Luthor could speak, for his mind was concentrating on the spectacle Karen
had created, a shrill voice behind him piped up,

"You done dragged me all the way over here to see this skinny ass ugly ofay
cunt. So she done colored it.. She still white and you done told me..."

"Shut you cake hole Quella of I be sticking my fist in it. Bitch don't know how
to behave round nice folks," Luthor demanded, "course she mean with a whip. I
like's that."

"Don't you be shushing me. I be a dominitrix and don't you forget it. I got
those white boys eating out my.." Quella began as she pushed past Luthor. She
began to explore Evelyn's painted nudity using her thin flexible whip like a
probe.

"Behave woman! Or I be sticking that whip of you up your ass...  sideways."
Luthor commented. The frown on his face convinced Quilla that she had better
acquess to Luthor.

"I's here to help with her. After all I done already contributed to her loosen
up." Luthor commented with his hand crushing her jaw bone forcing Evelyn to gape
open her mouth to its maximum.  ore pressure and the jaw would dislocate but he
stopped them.

"Don't look near big nuff. Teeth done take up too much of the room. Want me to
knock um out the way?"

"Ass not near welted nuff. She need lot more. Tits looks like they take to the
whip well. want I should..." Quella commented.

"Now now the party is just starting. Let's save the fun and games for later when
they whole gang is here. Why don't you and your friend go get a drink and some
things while we great the rest of the gang." Karen said.

As Luthor released Evelyn's now aching jaw and took Quella into the dining room,
he chuckled,

"Later we be having a date. Them thin lips be just giving my old pecker here a
stiff un. You just keep um all ready for me."

"DING DONG"



The bell announced another group of students to be greeted.  Wolsey's
humiliation was constant. It seemed all her present students were there. Then
their was their friends. Karen sparred her nothing.

When ever their was a slow down in the greeting duties, Luthor or Quella was
there  conferring with Karen in hushed voices that Evelyn could not hear.

Finally Karen dragged he into her formal living room and announced,

"Listen up you guys. This cunt has graciously agreed to host this party now and
every week for the foreseeable future, Haven't you cunt."

Wolsey, now on her knees at Karen's feet could only hang her head and nod.
Anything to get this over with Evelyn felt.

"Further to show her repentance for her past sins she is going to take  on each
and every one of us tonight. But first I thought we could all benefit from the
spectacle and services of a professional Dominatrix so take her...Quilla."

Karen untied Evelyns hands and released her from the lead rope.

Evelyn rubbed her wrists and looked for an escape rout through the ring of
students surrounding her. An opening appeared and she started for it when from
it ..Quilla, all 300 pounds of her, emerged dressed in leather garb.

The shiny white leather accented the massive tits and rolls of fat she
possessed. It covered nothing. The kinky black haired slit stood out from the
parted thighs. Yes Quilla was all female, and she held her whip in her right
hand slack at her side.

Evelyn stopped at the sight of her exit closing behind this massive threat.

"Come on honey! Come to Mistress Quilla! You and I'se going be good friends, now
ain't we?"

Evelyn did not want to  even think about what this woman wanted of her. She
turned to try to run but their was a solid wall of humanity blocking her escape.

SWIPPP Swipp

Her ass cheeks were visited by two stripes of fire.

"AHHHAHAHAHH" she screamed and covered her wounds with both her hands. She
forgot her modesty. She whirled to face her grinning adversary.

"You be one dumb mother..but I going to show you the way. Now the correct
position for a bitch like you be down on your knees when you see's a Mistress.
Now show me respect." Quilla ordered raising the flexing whip.

Stunned Evelyn just stood there. Quick like a snake striking a mouse, Quilla
flexed her right hand with her arm in the blow.

SWIPPP

Evelyn's left tit was visited with the stripe of fire. From the  sensation
Evelyn was sure the black antagonist had cut off her precious fleshy orb. Evelyn
fell down and attempted to curl up into a ball, seeking to protect her wounded
tit flesh.

Undaunted Quilla moved in and flexed her arm a few ties at a leisurely pace.

"Painted pussy don't seem to have much sense." SWIPP  "Luthor  done told me"
SWIPP "this be an educated pussy" SWIPP "Seems like a dumb cunt to me" SWIPP.

Evelyn tried to hide everything but when she hit her tits, Quilla found her ass.
Hide that and she found a foot or thigh. Finally after she tired of the sport or
'whip the bitch' Quilla demanded,

"Now you'll get on those bony knees and show me the respect a pussy give a
Mistress. Don't take advantage of my good nature or I go out the car and get my
kat. I'se being kind to you'll now."

 Evelyn saw through  red Haze she bore a number of stripes and she did
not want any more. She scrambled to her knees and looked up hopefully that the
maniac was done with her.

"Not like that!"

Swiiiii. The whip sang as it passed by the cowering woman.

"Kneel up and put those bony hands behind you purple head. Stick out those puny
tits. I is Mistress here. I might want to see if they be large nuff for mounting
on my wall. Be quick bout it for I gets the dea that you be sassing me."

Evelyn did not comprehend the words but the displeasure was something she did
not want. She straightened her back and stuck out her red painted tits.

Evelyn shuttered as a black hand with red nail polish captured her right nipple.
She started to lower her hands to protect the straining painted nipple.

"You best keep them out the way lest I think you need more of this here whip."




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 6

=============

Evelyn was in a world of hurt. Kneeling nude on her living room floor before the
big black dominatrix. The pink right nipple  stretched to the limit was painful,
but the whip held her there stronger than any chains.

The burning of her ass, tits and other parts convinced her that she was better
to endure this. Maybe the woman would just tire and let her be. She hoped!!

"Now this other gal done promised you be serving these little boys and gals
here, but I don't be convinced. You be shy, Luthor tells me that, and under
sexed but I wants to hear you be telling them how much you be egar to do um all.
Come on tell um you be egar to service all these here chilren." Quilla demanded.
Her right hand raised to clip the stretched right tit with her flexing whip.

Evelyn knew this would split the soft tit meat and ruin it. She had a choice to
make,

"I...I really want to service all them. I' sorry for my past and I...I'll do
anything you want. Just don't hurt me anymore PLEASE!!" Wolsey begged with tears
in her eyes. She would say anything to save her precious fleshy orb.

"Well I don't know! Seems like she done got the right attitude but well lets see
some action." Quilla relaxed her hold on the left nipple and then demanded,
"Show me you mean them words. Crawl over here and lick my boots. I think done I
walked in something in the street. Don't want no shit on my boots now do we.
Come on now all these chilren wanna see your new attitude. Bring here that
tongue."  Quilla had backed to the far side of the circle of flesh.

Horrified Evelyn crawled to the shinny boots and commenced to licking the
Mistresses right boot. She finished and went on to the other one. When her task
was completed she looked up hopefully and placed her hands behind her neck. She
straightened her back, stuck out her red tits without being told.

"Not bad but you didn't do the bottoms. Now did ya? Get to it."

The crowd of spectators were spell bound. You could have heard a pin drop.
Wolsey scurried over again and, when the bottom were presented to her, she
licked and licked. She hated every minute but their was no other course of
action. Her big black tormentor and her whip loomed over her cowering nudity.

"I thinks you done got the message teach. Now show me how good a pussy licker
you going to be." Quilla demanded. "These here gals need to know they be getting
lot of tongue. Come on whore gime that slimy pink pussy tickler. Be quick now.
Old Quilla need her jollies too."

"Have her gargle first. Her tongue has been in some nasty places." observed
Karen handing Quilla the mouth wash bottle.

"Yea child you be thinking of everything. Thank ya! Here bitch get on with it.
You nasty thing going to lick pussy with a nasty tongue."

Evelyn quickly did the absolution and set to work on the smelly slit hidden by
the kinky woolly hair. She almost lost it when she had to rim the big black but,
but she managed to keep the mouth wash down. (She had had nothing else for the
time Karen had had her.)

Quilla announced her satisfaction and turned her over to her former students.
They fell on her like a pack of wolves devouring a sheep. Quilla, Luthor, and
Karen sat on her couch observing the merriment, while Evelyn performed the
required deeds.

Evelyn serviced cunts and cocks and ass holes and toes and everything set before
her. Their seemed to be no end to the demands for her.. The boys, in order to
speed things up spread Wolsey over her hassock and started in on her still tight
cunt hole. Soon it too was drooling cum like her oral hole.

Victor could not get it up for his fourth go at her cunt. Clearly the old cunt
was not stimulating enough. No matter how much he rubbed on her soft white moons
or shoulder. He decided to try the oral cavity first and then advance to the
rear, this time.

The boy done picked the wrong time...Poor Victor, he should have stopped at
three.

Luthor who had been content till then to fondle Alices small tits, discuss
things with Karen and Quilla got the itch. He decided to stretch Evelyns virgin
ass hole at that time. Luthor wanted and he going get his nut. He pushed to the
head of the line. (No waiting for him.) He unlimbered his licorice stick and
directed it to the unsuspecting white ass.

Evelyn was attending to Victors limp pecker when she felt the blunt object probe
her cunt. She sighed and readied for another fuck. Luthor, knowing their would
be a lot of resistance aimed his missile at the tight little rose budded brownie
and leaned over Evelyn and grabbed her sore tits.

He pulled with his hands and gave a mighty shove with his organ.  He gained
entrance past the tight grommet and then shot home into her bowels.

Luthor did not believe in foreplay. He just sought to stretch her to accommodate
him in the future. Besides who was going to stop him?

Evelyns belly heaved. She sought to rear up but the grip on her tits and Luthors
weight guaranteed that would not happen. Her ass tube gave up ground, but
slowly. Evelyn did the only thing she could do to show her displeasure.

She clenched her teeth, and bit down on Victors slimy dick.

"AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHHHHH" Victor cried and tried to get his manhood extracted from
the incisors. He passed out, and only when Evelyn sought to draw a breadth fell
out of her grasp.

Luthor continued on to sink his manhood in the now totally debauched teacher.
Evelyn too swooned somewhere between the second and third stroke. She was
totally out of it. Luthor did not mind. He continued with his human fuck toy
without the annoying noise.

...................................................



Evelyn woke up on a cold steel table with Karen, Luthor and a small oriental man
looking over her mouth. She sought to protect her self but found she was tied to
the cold unyielding surface.

"Well dick biter, back with us again? That was a naughty thing to do to poor
Victor. Hadn't of been for old Dr. Chew here he might have lost the puny little
thing altogether. Dr. Chew here says he knows how to cure a dick biter, so I'm
going to leave you here for the full treatment." Karen explained.

Wolsey sought to speak but their was something in her mouth, holding it open to
the maximum. She frantically searched the room for something or someone to save
her from....

The oriental man came back with a syringe and aimed it under her top front lip.

"What is that?" Karen asked.

"Novocain expensive but keep her pain down." Dr. Chew answered.

A horse voice from the floor demanded,

"NO NO The bitch bit me and don't give her none. I didn't have anything. Let her
suffer."  Victor went on "I might be ruined for live, and pull um real slow or
let me..."

"No make mess in my place of business. I do or take away now!" demanded Dr.
Chew.

"Ya boy let the Doc do his thing. She won't do it no more guaranteed. Sides once
the stitches heals I bet you send them puny white cunts to heaven with all those
ridges and shit. Lucky she weren't sucking your balls though. HAHAHAHA" Luthor
commented subduing the over eager Victor.

The doctor did his thing and soon Evelyn's four front teeth, both top and bottom
were in a discard pail on the floor. He swabbed the wounds with disinfectant and
untied the now delirious cock sucker from the table. He reached under the table
for a clamp like thing and fastened it to her right cunt lip.

PUNGT

A green tag was now affixed to her identifying her as an cock sucker. Then
Luthor took the now subdued woman to a holding cage.  Evelyn, purple hair,
smeared red tits and all was forced into a wire mesh cage.

........................................



"Keep here for week for observation. Make sure no infection. Want I stud
tongue?? In my country make best cock sucker. Studded tongue give much pleasure.
Only be little more expensive." Dr. Chew explained to Karen as he tabulated the
bill being charged to Evelyns credit card.

Luthor returned and the trio made ready to leave.

"Yea why not do the tongue. Victor here is going to need therapy and I'm sure he
will..." Karen began.

"No Sir not me never again. I'm an ass man from now on...No more teeth for this
stud.." Victor informed the amused crowd as he cupped his crotch as if to
protect his stitched up organ.

They left and Dr. Chew closed and locked up the office. He went to the holding
cage area and found his new animal. She was bent over, on her knees on a bottom
cage with her ass up against the screen door. The silent smooth white moons
called the professional man. After all he was human too. He needed his pleasure
too.

 He thought as
he unfastened his trousers and jacked his small yellow pud to erection. He
opened the door and positioned the white moon encased vagina to his liking.


Evelyn felt the small dick enter her. It was no bother. Nothing like Luthor's.
For that she was thankful. She was also thankful when it quickly spit its load
into her. What difference did it make?  She was awash with the white scum. The
addition of yellow was minute anyway.

At the closing of the cage door, she relaxed. As darkness enveloped  her to fell
into an exhausted sleep..

 passed through Evelyns fleeting mind.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 7

============

The lights came on and increased the throb in Evelyn's head. Her mouth ached.
Her head was a mass of pain and she did not know where she was. She had
previously felt the thing between her legs that was a another source of pain.
Now she could see, by bending over, that, source of hurt.

A green tag was driven through her right labia. She bent over further to see
what the label tag said but the dizziness caused her to stop this quickly. She
explored it, with her fingers and found the wetness driveling still from her
sore well used cunt.

Gradually she remembered the encounter with Karen, Luthor's opening of her long
unused cunt, the girls..... Then she remembered the big black woman with a whip.
She had... Oh how her mouth ached.... The pain drove thought out of her head.

She went to anxiety when she saw a couple of small oriental girls puttering
around the cages. She sought to cover her streaked tits and slit. She was
embarrassed by the presence and indifference of these girls. They acted as if
they did not even know she was there. Hesitantly she sought to orally
communicate with them.  Maybe they would help her....

"..Lese .elp .e" Evelyn began and ceased quickly as the pain in her front lips
and jaw began to stab into her mind.

What had they done to her. She reached out with her tongue and found a hole
where her front teeth had been....

 Her contiousness screamed. Then with
tactile proof, the realization came to her.   She remembered
the party, the fucking...  the sucking... The blind pain in her vitals.. as
Luthor had 'opened' her ass hole.. Victors screaming..

She had no idea of what had happened after that. Just a gaping hole where her
teeth had been, and an ache that would not abate.

A small oriental man in a white coat came in and opened the door behind her ass.
She felt him feed his small pud into her dripping cunt. She steeled her self to
object, but almost as quick as it entered it piddled in her and was withdrawn.

Then she felt his small hands on her hips. He pulled her and to stop the tugging
she willingly backed out of her prison. Once outside he secured her neck with a
rope collar attached to a long pole. Then he dragged her toward the examination
room.

She sought to argue but her lips refused to form words. He pulled and the rope
tightened. Faced with the prospect of strangling and going with him, she picked
the latter.

She cupped her now streaked sex with her right hand and held her left arm over
her throbbing nipples. (Now she remembered Quilla and her attention to these
little nubs. God how they ached.)

Once inside the room, he forced her on the cold steel examining table on her
back. She sought to rise up but the pressure of the rope to her wind pipe held
her there. The girls fastened her legs to the table supports and then removed
first one then the other hand to similar imprisonment at the opposite end of the
table.

She came to find her self spread on the freezing table at the disposal of this
horrible little man. He smiled and ordered, "Open mouth and stick out tongue. I
have work to do."

So much for bed side manner. She resolved to fight the little bastard with all
her might. He brought over a pair of thick  rubber devices and grabbed her jaw
in his fist and squeezed.

The pain was terrible, but she fought to keep her jaws locked shut. She would
show this little yellow fucker. She could not stop his use of her cunt but she
would....

"Twist nipples." he said seemingly to himself but small hands pinched both her
throbbing little precious buds. It wasn't fair, he wasn't playing fair.

When she sought to scream the vigilant man wedged the rubber blocks into her
mouth and positioned them against her molars, locking her mouth open.

"Good" he said and the pressure on her nips ceased.

She tried to close again and couldn't. She shook her head and twisted and turned
every way opened to her. Nothing worked. She was now trapped on the table with
her mouth opened like a flounder. The little yellow man left her to her
struggles while he lined up another piece of equipment.

"Stick out tongue and be over fast. I do anyway but hurt more, you fight me." he
demanded.

"UAAAA UAUAANAUkkkk" she tried to object.

He sighed and reached into his drawer and returned with  pair of pliers. He then
began searching for her shrinking tongue. He could see and stab. She could dodge
but not hide it for long.

Finally he captured it and drew it to the front of her lips. As he had foretold
it felt like he was tearing it out of her mouth.  She tried to shake but this
hurt worse. So finally she lay there and hoped for an end to this new pain.

Holding the tongue with his left hand he took the clamp like device, positioned
it and squeezed the handle.

"PUNCGHTTT"

Evelyn's tongue caught fire. She felt it hand been cut in two...  or torn out...
Again she sought to turn but couldn't.

He patientietly held the pliers tight and waited for her struggles to subside.
When she relaxed, he positioned the tool again.

"PUNCGHTTT"

Evelyn left this world, finally. She did not feel them turning her over and
positioning her head down over the edge of the table. Dr. Chew did not want her
to choke to death on the blood now oozing fro her now studded tongue. He wedged
her mouth open and swabbed her mouth wounds with disinfectant.

 he thought.  He smiled and his pud stiffened thinking of the
ministrations of one Mary Lue Yang.

 He positioned the syringe in her arm and gave her
the relief he would have given her if she had cooperated before. 

....................................................



Wolsey returned to this world still tied to the table on her compressed tits.
She struggled to rise and let them swing free.  After many ties she obtained a
more comfortable position though still resting on her fleshy orbs. She felt new
pain in her tongue. Touching the roof of her mouth confirmed that she has
something affixed to her tongue.

She heard the door open and shoes squeaking on the tile floor.

Some one was here... Maybe they would help her....

"I hope you are in a world of hurt 'dick biter'. Now I get the first of my many
credits to your ass Wolsey." she heard Victor say. He waved some yellow slips
beside her face. Her peripheral vision showed her the color but nothing else.

She heard the sounds of clothes rustling and then Victor leaped onto her back.
Their combined weight bore down on her tits.

"OAANANOOOAOA" She sought to express her displeasure and hurt but this was what
Victor wanted. Soon she gave up trying to evade his organ. He found her recently
opened ass and easily passed through the stretched grommet.(That Luthor really
knew how to open a bitch.)

Through the sawing in her ass, Evelyn felt ridges on Victors recently stitched
member. The friction annoyed her hole through and she was happy when finally he
spouted.

The little oriental man came in and demanded, "What you do here.

You not belong back here."

"Karen gave me these" Victor demanded, waving the yellow pieces of paper in the
white coated mans face.

"Boy what this shit? I no know what do with this stuff."

"Karen will explain it to you chink, but from now on this bitch sees one of
these she stops whatever she is doing and spreads for whoever presents her with
one. Else Karen will kick her ass clear to the moon." Victor explained, "And she
gave me 25 freebies to make up for the dick biters little shit yesterday."

"She still my patient. I no give permission to use her you stay out my
place...I." Dr. Chew began but in walked Karen and Luthor.

"What is this shit. I boarded Wolsey here and you think you own her?" Karen
demanded.

"Doc you be getting paid to cure her dick biting, but her ass and else belong to
this little lady." Luthor explained.

"It just I can not have people wander back here all day. I have business to
run." Dr. Chew explained.

"Ok sounds reasonable. We bring her customers round after business hours and
they use her then." Karen said.

"Need to hire nother girl to take tickets and clean up. Very spensive. Cost..."
Dr. Chew argued. (He could see these stupid yellow tickets  were going to cut
into his profit margin on this animal. He did not like this one bit. Here he had
counted on the selling of her services for weeks and now this. He had to come up
with something to save his profits.)

"Na you just give us the keys and we will take...." Karen started.

"No I must have employee. My insurance say I.." Dr. Chew began but  a big black
hand grabbed the white coat and lifted him to his toes.

"Speaking of insurance sucker..You go long or you health surance be getting work
out.. Now give the little lady the keys and clear out this room I got's the new
territory to plumb. We call if we need ya." Luthor explained lowering the doctor
only when he handed over the keys.

Evelyn could do nothing. Though this was her life, events, she could not fathom
were pushing her normal life to this unreal turn.

Docilely she did not need to be told open her sore mouth when she saw the large
black snake approach. She prayed her lips would not split when the nasty thing
entered her oral cavity.




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Miss Wolsey # 8

=============

The huge black organ stretched her lips. She tried to accommodate her mouth
fucker for she knew from experience, once Luthor had his dick up, he would get
off no matter what she thought or felt or did. That boy was not into foreplay.
If she fought it... She knew he would probably strangle her with the snake like
organ.

"Good thing bitch's teeth be gone. I'd be forced to poke um out to make room. Be
just a little tight ... but I likes that... Yea got a winner here." Then he
turned to the skinny white lad and added as he probed the warm wet hole. "Common
boy, the bitch be really something. You dick, what little there is, 'll love it.
She got to probably close down real tight to fit your tiny pud, but it be a good
sperience for ya."

That was all Victor had to hear. "CLOSE DOWN". Covering his dick with his right
hand and gathering his clothes in his left hand he fled out into Dr. Chew's
waiting, Saying, "NO ! NO!!! Not this boy... Not with my dick... I'll ... take
you word..."

Chuckling Luthor continued to saw in and out of Wolsey's lips.  "Release her
hands so she can massage my balls Karen." Luthor directed. "The pussy you be
tasting be Quilla. She be busy right now but she be by to see you soon." Luthor
explained to Evelyns wide eyes. She could go the rest of her life not seeing
Quilla and never mind it. In fact she preferred it that way. Choking on Luthor's
dick was enough for her.

Karen untied her hands and ordered. "Give old Luthor a good gum job and rub them
nice black plumbs for him. He has done soo much for you. Now is your chance to
pay him back. Get sucking that dick.   This is going to be your new place in
life.  Under a customer servicing them with that new pussy hole."

Evelyn gagging sought to do what was required, but Luthor was looking for the
bottom of this new pussy hole. He soon brushed by her tonsils and lodged his
prick head firmly in her spasming throat. He smiled. This was how he liked his
suckers. The gums giving his rod a nice firm, slick feel. 
he thought.

A pair of projections rubbed frantically on this dick base. This new sensation
sent him over the edge too soon. He felt robbed.  He grabbed her ears in an
attempt to stay in her oral cavity longer, but you can't argue with a softening
dick.  Luthor thought.

"Man you never came that fast in any of the other bitches we broke. What gives??
You falling love with this old bitch?" Karen demanded of her accomplice.

Choking on the gooey, slimy man cream going down her throat, Wolsey was
thankful. It was over...she hopped. Her gums hurt from the friction. Her throat
was sore from the long intrusion, but ...   she hoped.

"Bitch got something in her mouth. Open up 'dick biter'. Show old Luthor the
things I done fallen for." Luthor demanded holding her lower jaw in his powerful
right hand and peered into the dark pink rimmed hole.  Luthor thought.

She opened her mouth and exposed her modifications to her two interested owners.
She stuck out her tongue without having to be told. She did not balk at the
probing of the two pairs of hands exploring her tongue and it's new additions.
She knew better than to balk.

"Doc get your worthless yellow ass in here," Karen bellowed.

The door opened slowly and the cautious oriental peered around the scant
protection of the thin wooden door. He did not like the sound of Karen's
command.  Dr. Chew
thought.

"I didn't order this shit. Who gave you leave to do that to her tongue. I just
ordered her teeth out... I don't like it and I will not pay for it!!" Karen
began.

Evelyn knelt there and her spirits rose. They would make him remove these
things. She would have her tongue back...

"Now now let's not get all cited bout two little things like these. I's sure old
doc here, have a good splaination for this ... Don't ya doc?" a smiling Luthor
looked up and asked the now cringing oriental.

"If make a cock sucker and remove front teeth, probes give greater stimulation.
Call 'Heavenly Sucker, in my home land.  You try... Karen work well for female
too. You see.... Try Try ... sit here on stool. She give better..." Dr. Chew
frantically implored a skeptical looking Karen.  the Doctor thought.

Reluctantly Karen raised her skirt and took off her panties. She sat on the
stool bare ass and spread her legs oblivious to the two males watching. She had
fucked both of them. She was their equal or even superior here. She then
ordered,

"Come here bitch and show me your new stuff. Start with my ass hole. Be quick
about it bitch. Don't make me any madder than I am at this yellow fuck."

Evelyn crawled over to the stool with alacrity. She dove into her tormentors
pussy, and probed the stinking ass hole with her new appendages. She did not
dare tarry. Her mistress was waiting. She used her free hands to open the
Karen's hairy lips. She prayed that she was doing it right. The things rippled
over, around, and finally into Karen's neither hole.

Karen sighed. She was impressed.  Karen
thought.

"Go up on me and use the studs on my clit. Keep it teased till I tell you
different or I'll tear that studded thing out, and use it to wipe up my ass
with."

Karen felt the fluttering in her stomach. 

"AHAHAHAAAAA....." Karen sighed as she came with a vengeance. She looked up at
he male audience. Luthor with his now raging woodie sticking almost vertical,
for he had not put his organ away, and Dr. Chew anxiously awaiting the verdict.
"ALL RIGHT!! I'll take it but don't you do it again till I tell you to you slimy
yellow fuck! Now Luthor get rid of that boner and get her ready for her home
coming."

Luthor gripped Evelyn's hair and directing his vertical organ down into her
desirous oral cavity.

"Come on baby..Show big daddy what them things can do on a real man thing." He
ordered.

"NO!!! Not posible... Must stay here and be treated with antibiotics. Infection
ruin whore at this stage... Must keep here .... week at least." Dr. Chew
demanded 

"You shitting me Gook??" Karen demanded.

"No No... Be very critical.. Please no spoil good work... Not be too
expensive... I charge you only half price..." Dr. Chew begged. 

"Luthor.... Luthor... wha..." Karen's voice fell on deaf ears.  (Somehow the
frictioning of his dick by the new probes had turned off Luthors ears.) Karen
punched Luthor's arm and finally got some signs of recognition.

"Yea Baby... Yea... Hungh?? What be the ....prob...AHHA." Luthor babbled, still
not fully with it.

Seem to be his little head was now in charge now.. "So OK. You keep her for one
week and then she is coming home with us." Karen acquiesced.

"Yes more better.. You see... She be much better than.." Dr. Chew babbled on and
on.  Dr. Chew screamed in his mind.

"Now the bitch is too fat and I want her to go on a diet NOW!!.  No food. Water
only... No fucking around, you yellow bastard, those holes are mine and I ain't
paying you to fuck my whore..You got it. I will charge you for every foot of
dick you ... In your case make that every inch of dick you put into her.  Karen
demanded.

"AHHAAAAA OH LORDIE THIS BE TRUE LOVE... How much you charge do Quill for me.
She just sit there now. Maybe with these put new fun in my old balls." Luthor
asked when he returned to the scene.

"Quilla'll cut your 'old balls' off You fuck with her mouth. Then she'll come
down here and burn down this place. With you, doc, in it. Don't fuck with her.
You know better Luthor." Karen explained.

"Yea baby. You be right'" Luthor sighed. He looked longingly at Wolsey's mouth,
and sighed. "Lets go I gots some business with that other bitch we done got."

"OK Remember No solid food..I want to slim down this bitch." Karen ordered the
oriental. "And no fucking her cunt. I don't want her spouting yellow shits like
a candy dispenser."

Evelyn knelt there, the object of the discussion, once a matron of the
community. Now a sex slave to her former student. A mouth whore to anyone the
little bitch ordered.

"Oh yea.. See these." Karen held up some yellow slips of paper from  thick pad
she had in her knap sack. "When I send someone with one of these. He gets what
he wants... Victor has a few of them to compensate him for her actions. Wolsey
these are commands from your MISTRESS You understand??" Karen demanded

".es .istress" Evelyn blurted out. Her whole life now run by Karen and these
little yellow slips of paper.

.......................................................



Evelyn spent the next week in and out of Dr. Chew's cage. She existed on water
and what ever protein she could suction from the smooth yellow balls that Dr.
Chew's guests provided. She learned how to coax gobs of protein rich cum with
her tongue projections.

Victor returned twice and ass fucked her each time. Dr. Chew relieved himself
morning noon and night in her cunt in violation to Karen's orders.

Thankfully Quilla did not appear.

Evelyn's tits and waist shrank as did her will.

A simple snap of his fingers was enough to insure Luthor a trip to heaven when
he arrived. He frequented the apprentice whore many times. Even though he did
not have a yellow slip, Dr. Chew was powerless to stop his use of Evelyn's
modified tongue housing.  She came to Luthor's black snake like a little guppy
seeking its food.

Sometime during her time in the cage she noticed an itching in her pubic area.
Then she had the same itch in her cranium. She tried to bring this to Dr. Chew's
attention but he was too busy wringing the last bit of profit from his week with
the 'Heavenly Sucker'. Defleaing would take time away from his scheduled use of
her.

 the doctor thought. 

Karen and Quilla arrived at the appointed day and took a thoroughly broken
Evelyn to own her car. They ordered and she meekly complied to get in the trunk.

A cool look from Quilla was sufficient to convince Dr. Chew to throw in the flea
shampoo with the credit charge on Wolsey's card. The black dominatrix had a way
with small males.

When they got Wolsey home she had to be shaved bald to rid her of the fleas.
They got her a wig so she could 'teach' while the hair grew back, but classes
were never the same as before.

Evelyn's charges kept producing a slip of yellow paper for a blow job or ass
fucking. It is very hard to keep teaching going under these conditions.
Inspirational...well yes but not instructional.  Karen black mailed the
principal and Wolsey's job was secure as long as Karen wanted it.

Every night, was party night at Evelyn's house. On those rare occasions when she
was alone, Evelyn learned to stay naked in her house. At anytime, day or night,
a ringing of her bell could bring her face to face with a horny individual with
a yellow slip.

When she went shopping she could probably count on at least one quickie in the
back seat of a car or van, in the parking lot. A freebie feel, for she was not
allowed panties or bra, in the store and maybe a blow job in a back isle.

Yes Karen had broken her like no teacher ever...

The End for now...........




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





