BDSM Library - Kengchi




Kengchi
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A very lovely and rather cruel woman runs a rubber plantation in a remote and exotic part of the world.
					KENGCHI

	Back in 1924 Kengchi was a little Kingdom, very remote, bordering on
Burma and Siam.  The only access was by riverboat, and that was slow.  I was
supposed to report to a bank in Rangoon to take up my duties at the beginning of
the month - Trainee duties, really, and I had enough time in hand to go up river
to visit an old school friend of mine, whom I hadn't seen for six years. Rob
Hallet owned one of the largest plantations. Managed it, really - His wife
actually owned it.

     I arrived at Hallet's plantation a little after four in the afternoon. The
bungalow was a large, spacious place, comfortable, beautifully furnished, and
set in a grove of trees.

      Once cleaned up from my journey, I found myself seated in a deep chair in
the veranda with a scotch and soda in my hand and was soon made to feel welcome. 
The setting was lushly tropical, with lots of tall dark trees, those in the
distance rising from the steamy vegetation of the forest floor, and brilliant,
oversized flowers, crimson and yellow, purple and white - indeed, every colour
of the rainbow, scattered in a wild profusion of colour around the bungalow. 
The Monsoons were recently over, and as the Sun sank low the sky became a
magnificent panoply of purple and mauve shot with gold and Cerulean blue, topped
by towering white clouds.  It was superb!  

     Hallet's wife Caroline seemed to want to know all about me, and positively
plied me with liquor served by keenly attentive servants. They were mostly
young, with a preponderance of women, which surprised me a little, and the male
servants seemed to defer to the female, which surprised me a lot.  This was
certainly not normal in that part of the world.

	As we chatted I surreptitiously studied my hostess.  Caroline had that
combination of raven-black hair and very white skin sometimes seen in Irish
women, and eyes of deep violet that seemed to penetrate all one's defenses and
read one's innermost mind without divulging any secrets of their own. She had a
delicate, sensual face, and somehow, a very formidable face. This was not a
woman one would want to cross.  Her body was lithe and supple, with a small
waist surmounting womanly hips, and uptilted, beautifully formed breasts.  I
decided that Hallet was a lucky man, then hurriedly glanced over at him, hoping
he hadn't caught me studying his wife.  He gave no sign of having noticed
anything, for which I was profoundly grateful.

	Hallet and I were old school friends, and we talked about those days.
We'd both been on both ends of cane and the birch far more than our share of
times, and we talked about floggings given and received.  Rob talked freely in
front of his wife, who didn't seem to mind a bit.  Quite the contrary, if fact,
which spared me a good deal of embarrassment.  Somehow the conversation got
around to disciplining the servants, and the use of corporal punishment. 
Caroline was very much for it, and I found myself agreeing with her.  And then
she said something that made me look up.  She said, "When a manservant is to be
punished, I like to have a maidservant administer the correction, and I like to
watch.  The punishment is keener that way.  Women may not be as strong as men,
but they have an instinct for cruelty.  A whipping from a woman will be worse
than one from a man.  And not just whippings, either - any punishment. It seems
to arouse their libidos, too.  I've noticed that after punishment the woman
often takes her victim to her room for the night."

     "Some of your girls are ravishing.  I would think some men might consider a
night with one of them well worth a whipping!" I remarked.

     Rob laughed. "You're right, you know.  Some of them do, I'm sure. I've had
them do something quite deliberately, and then ask if Shar Mei could be the one
to administer the punishment.  She's the one who showed you to your room this
afternoon.  She's a little vixen with the cane, that one.  Really has them
howling!  But she always takes them to her room for the night afterwards, though
I'm told she ties them to her bed, and does things her way."

     "Rob, really! You shouldn't tell John things like that.  Heaven knows what
he'll thing about us!  And anyway, Shar Mei isn't the only one, by a long shot. 
I think it's endemic in Kengchi - cruelty, I mean.  Well, sexual cruelty,
anyway.  John, I beg you not to say a word of this to anyone!  We've no proof,
and if it ever got around, people would say the most awful things about us.
Promise?"

     "I promise.  I'll never breathe a word, or even hint about it,  you have my
word.  Besides, I don't see anything very wrong with it.  It's rather colourful,
really.  Sort of sexy.  But I do think you're putting me on a bit.  I can't
imagine that lovely demure little lass really making anyone howl."

     Rob laughed. "Can't you?  Ha!  She's a little demon with the whip, that
one.  Works them over very slowly and carefully.  She likes to start with the
strap, then apply twelve or fifteen with the cane, and then go to work with a
little tapered leather whip.  She doesn't like to hurry a punishment.  She'll
take two hours, sometimes even longer, especially with a good-looking man, and
at the end of it the poor devil is eating out of her hand."   

     "You said some men seemed to want it.  Sounds a bit fierce to me."

     "She always starts and ends with kisses and - well, you know what I mean. 
They're randy as hell when they go to the post."

     "And gloriously tired out the next day, I imagine.  She sounds like quite a
woman!"

     Caroline had been looking at me hard.  "Well, John, I hope we haven't
shocked you.  This part of the world is a bit different from what you're used
to."

     "Shocked me?  Good lord, no!  Not a bit.  It takes more than that to shock
me.  I suppose it's intrigued me."

    Rob replied to that, "It's an intriguing subject.  No one wants to admit it,
but it is, just the same.  People are just afraid to say so, which is sheer
hypocrisy!  But let 'em get a glimpse of the song-huitt, and they're all eyes
and stuttering!  And the women are worse than the men."

     "That's because the song-huitt is a woman's whip, darling," Caroline said.
"It looks very elegant and svelte, John, and, of course, it looks as though it
hurts like the very devil, which it does. It's a wicked little thing, all
covered in red silk, with three little tasseled lashes at the end that wrap
round and sting like scorpions."

   	Bob looked at his watch. "Oh my Lord, it's almost five o'clock! Look,
will you excuse me if I leave you for a while?  I have to catch the boat to
Rangoon at 7:30, and I still have to pack.  I'll send in Shar Mei with the
switch if you like.  Would you like to see it?"

     I glanced at Caroline, uncertain of my ground.  She seemed to know just
what I was thinking, and answered for me, "Yes, darling, he would, I'm sure."

     "See you at dinner, then"  And with that he was gone.  

     Caroline laughed, "Intrigued you?  Now, come on, be honest.  It's excited
you a little, hasn't it?  Mmmm?"  She was looking at me with those violet eyes,
and I blushed, which I hadn't done in years.  She laughed again at this, and
pressed me,  "Now please don't be all shy and ashamed. There's nothing to be
ashamed of.  Everyone's interested, you know. They're just afraid to say so."

     Her eyes dropped to below my belt, just for an instant, and I knew there
was no use pretending. I muttered something facetious about "bringing out all my
masochism", and she laughed charmingly.  "Shar Mei has a way of doing that!  Ah,
here she is.  Shar Mei, the Tuan would like to see the song-huitt, and some of
the other things, too.  Mr. Hallet will be leaving for the station directly
after dinner.  Perhaps you could get them out to show after that?"

     Shar Mei dropped into a deep curtsy, her eyes downcast, the very picture of
demure modesty.  "Yes, Madam.  I make everything in readiness to show honored
guest.  He like I show him only whipping things, or other torments, too? "

     "That's up to Mr. Fox, here.  You must ask him."

     "Sir, may I show you things for correct wrong-doings here in Kengchi? They
most interesting, I assure you, and are taking very little of your valuable time
- or very much, if you were much curious."  Her eyes were at once polite and
provocative, and she seemed to be sizing me with out appearing too obvious about
it.  I caught Caroline's eye, and agreed to see them all.  Shar Mei spoke again,
to Caroline.  "Shall I bring them to the drawing room, Madame, or perhaps to his
room. Or your room?"  She looked at me again, a little more boldly - perhaps
because I was getting very randy, and it was starting to show.  She said
something in Burmese to Caroline, who answered in the same language.  With
another sidelong look at me, she left the room.

     Caroline smiled and said, "Well, it's all set, John.  After Rob leaves,
I'll take you to the punishment hut, and Shar Mei will show you around.  It's no
trouble - it's being used this evening anyway.  Shar Mei has to cane one of the
laundry girls.  She was caught stealing clothes and selling them in the next
village.  Tissah's  getting two whippings a week for a month.  Come to think of
it, would you like to see it?  I can easily have Shar Mei postpone the
punishment until after we arrive."

     "You mean see the whipping?  Well, I, ah..... Well, yes!  Yes, I would like
to watch!  I've never seen a whipping."

     "Marvelous!  I was hoping you'd say that.  I have no patience with people
who get all holier-than-thou.  But you must promise not to even whisper this
outside this plantation.  It is to be our secret.  Do you promise?"

     "Of course I do!  I'd never so much as hint of this.  Never!"

     "Do you swear to it?  On your honour as a gentleman?"

     "I swear it, on my honour. I will keep anything I see or hear entirely
secret, and never let on to anyone.  Good enough?"

     "You're a dear!  Incidently, Tissah has a darling little bottom!  Not that
I thought that'd interest you." She looked at me roguishly, then glanced down
and saw irrefutable evidence of my arousal. "Perhaps you'd be willing to help
Shar Mei administer the punishment.  Hold her down, perhaps.  Or even cane her
or strap her a little yourself!  Would you?  I really think whipping should be
done between sexes, don't you?"

     "Yes. And, ah... yes, I'd love to."   

	"Marvelous!  I think we're going to get along famously."  She gave my
hand a little squeeze.




   II
   --               

     Dark was falling with the astonishing rapidity of the Tropics as Caroline
took me down the path to the hut.  The path lead through a stand of the huge
dark rubber trees of the plantation, and then a little way into the jungle.  The
punishment hut, which was really a small bungalow, stood in a little clearing,
and as we approached, Shar Mei appeared in the doorway, clad in a long skirt of
some material which molded itself to her body, and a sort of bolero covering her
bosom.  She carried a sleek, shiny little black whip, about three feet long,
which tapered smoothly from stock to a very thin tip  adorned with three knotted
silken lashes.  She bowed us in, and her attempts to seem impassive were
betrayed by her eyes, which sparkled with life.

	Standing under a beam waited the unfortunate laundry girl. She wore a
sarong, and her wrists were bound in front of her with ropes which ran up to a
pulley overhead, and thence to a cleat set in the wall.  Curiously, she looked
more excited than frightened, though there was certainly some fear there. 
Caroline wore a light summer skirt, knee length and flaring, which must have
been cool, and certainly showed her legs to advantage, and a rather low-cut
cotton blouse.  She wore no bra under it, and, as Caroline's upperworks were
magnificent, the effect was spectacular.  We sat down on a divan behind the
girl, and off to one side, and Caroline smiled at Shar Mei and nodded.

	Shar Mei curtsied deeply to us, and hauled on the rope until the girl
was almost up on tiptoe, throwing her breasts into high relief, and Caroline
turned to me and said, "Perhaps you'd like to undress her for Shar Mei.  Just
undo the knot at her side, and unwind the sarong.  Go on, it's all right.  But
first you have to take off your shirt.  We have a tradition here that all
corrections are administered stripped to the waist, and that includes helpers,
too." I glanced over at Shar Mei and she grinned and removed her bolero.  So I
followed suit, contriving to use my shirt to mask a much needed adjustment to my
shorts before throwing it over a chair. 

	I did my duty.  Little Tissah had a lovely body, and Caroline's
observation about her bottom proved to an understatement.  She didn't struggle
at all - not that she could have done much - and in a trice she was ready.  The
two women smiled approvingly, and I stepped back as Shar Mei took up her
position and raised her whip.  Four exquisite, slow strokes followed, leaving
four parallel lines across her lower cheeks.  Tissah let out four little cries
of pain, and wiggled her hips deliciously, shifting her weight from one foot to
the other.  Shar Mei spoke to her sharply in Burmese, and she looked at me
wide-eyed, with her lips parted. 

	"She was told to kiss you", said Caroline. "You'd better go to her, or
her punishment will be much worse."

	I did as I was told, and little Tissah pressed her body against mine and
offered me her lips.  Dear Lord, that girl knew how to kiss!  Her lips were full
and soft, and yielding to mine, parted, inviting my tongue in.  Hers played with
mine in a sweetly lascivious way, and her little soft sucking mouth pulsated in
time to her body's press against mine. My hands sought her smooth little striped
derriere, and for a long moment gloried in their slow, undulating movement.

	"Please move hands from bottom, sir" said Shar Mei, "Is time for more
whippings."  I withdrew my hands and my tongue - no point in getting it bitten
off - and felt her cuddle against me as two more strokes fell across that lovely
behind.  I damn near poked her then and there. If she'd been taller, or I
shorter, it would have happened, and to Hell with the consequences!   Shar Mei
rubbed her whip up and down over the girl's derriere, causing her to grind
against me all the more, and I'll swear her breasts grew hard as she did. 
Certainly I grew harder!

	Caroline spoke for the first time, "Shall I have her given another six,
John?  Or shall I have the rope slackened and have her kneel down in front of
you?  Anything goes at these punishment sessions, you know.  I'm sure Tissah
would be very grateful to you if you had the whipping stopped - or I should say,
interrupted."

	"Let her down." I managed to blurt out, and let my hand roam over that
silken bottom.  As Shar Mei lowered the rope Tissah  kissed my body all the way
down, managing somehow to open my trousers with her bound hands. I stood
transfixed as she went to work with her mouth.  Caroline and  Shar Mei watched,
grinning, and the grins broadened as Tissah began making little animal noises,
and I found myself pumping my hips.

	"That will do!" Caroline raised her hand and advanced, pulling Tissah
away by the hair. "That will do for now.  She's only had six so far, and only
with the little black switch.  John, you give her six with the strap, and then
I'll use the cat on her.  Let's have her bent over the bar, with her hands
behind her back, Shar Mei."

	Shar Mei folded her arms behind her and bound them, and led her to a
rail set waist-high near one end of the room.  She stood in front of her and
pulled her head down until she was bent almost double.  Caroline handed me a
strap, a two foot instrument of mahogany colored leather, fitted with a wooden
handle and a wrist-loop.  Tissah's buttocks were a moving target, rolling
against each other in the most wanton way, but my strap was large enough, and my
aim good enough, to hit the mark fair and square.  Spatt! A lovely red patch. 
And again, Spattt!  Two red marks.  Her bottom weaved and bobbed, and she did a
little dance.  Shar Mei knelt down, and cradled her head against her breasts,
but held her firmly, just the same.

	I paused for a minute, partly to prolong the experience, and partly to
get myself under control, then administered two more juicy strokes. Caroline
watched us, obviously enjoying herself, and fingering a little cord cat o'nine
tails.  I approached the victim, and felt her luscious little fanny very
thoroughly before stepping back to give her the last two.

	As I took up my position, I realized that Tissah's soft little
cherry-blossom mouth was working assiduously at Shar Mei's nipple, and that Shar
Mei's eyes, in turn were watching my crotch with more than passing interest. I
didn't dare look at Caroline, but I could feel her eyes on me, too. 
Whisshhh-Spatt!!   Tissah gave a little hop, and for one tiny moment her
buttocks parted wide, revealing a neat, compact, and moist little pussy.  I
realized the implications of what I'd seen, and it acted as an aphrodisiac to
me.  I swung with a will - SPATT!! and approached her from behind, pressing
against her tortured nates, and seizing her waist to hold her steady.  She
opened to me, parting her buttocks to allow my rod to come between them, and
then clamping tight.  Only the thin material of my shorts prevented me from
being very naughty indeed.  Well, that and Caroline's voice, "My turn now,
darling.  You go round front and hold her head down. No, wait!  Shar Mei, shall
we do nee-kee-gong?  Make Tissah want-no-get?"

	"Aaaah, yes! I like very much. She almost ready, I think."

	Caroline pulled Tissah erect by the hair, bending her back a little so
that her breasts stood out.  "John, why don't you kiss her?  She'd love it, I
know, and it might save her eight or ten with the cane.  Go on, there's nothing
to be afraid of!"  I did. I took her voluptuous little body in my arms and
kissed her, starting with her very willing lips, and working down to her
breasts, began to lick the tips with slow, languid, wet strokes of my tongue.
The effect was more than I dared hope - Tissah writhed and moaned as though I
was making love to her, and when I cupped her little sex in my hand, I thought
she'd become unhinged.

	"Time for the cat," Caroline interrupted, "Shar Mei, tie her wrists to
the ring in the floor.  I want her well bent over."  She drew the lashes through
her fingers lovingly, and caressed the bottom spread out before her.  Finally,
she pulled off her blouse, and the whipping began.  She whipped slowly, almost
languorously, placing each stroke with care. At the fourth stroke Shar Mei came
up behind me, and turned me facing Tissah, and not two feet away.  Those eyes
never left the bulge in my pants.  At the fifth her arms encircled me, and began
fumbling with my buttons.  My pants fell to the floor just before the lashes
fell for the sixth time.

	"You stay, not move," she whispered, and Caroline stepped back, handing
the little cat to Shar Mei.  I had a monumental erection, needless to say, and
as Shar Mei resumed the punishment, Caroline appeared beside me, quite nude, and
reached for my hand.  She lay down right in front of Tissah, and pulled me down
on top of her, her mouth seeking mine.  As stroke followed slow stroke we made
love as I'd never made love before. 

	When it was all over, and we were walking back to the house, Caroline
said to me, "You still haven't seen all the things.  Perhaps tomorrow night
you'd like to?"  I squeezed her bottom, and answered that I'd love to. "With
Shar Mei there?"

	"If you'd like to.  I leave that up to you." 

	"She was jealous of me tonight, you know." She laughed, "So was Tissah!
That was a mean trick, doing nee-kee-gong.  I loved it.  Had she been free, she
would have thrown you down and raped you on the spot. Anyway, she won't be there
tomorrow, just Shar Mei and myself, and we'll give you the grand tour.  It
should be fun."




					CHAPTER 3


	The instruments were laid out for inspection -  whips on the bed and
hanging on the wall, and other instruments on the table.  We started with the
whipping implements, and Shar Mei was a most fascinating guide.  She described
how each whip sounded, and how many strokes were customary, and the mark each
left.  She showed us how the victim was likely to be positioned for each
instrument, and just where the strokes should fall. When she was describing one
tiny little cat o'nine tails, she looked pointedly at my crotch, and with her
gestures left no doubt as to its use and effect.  The effect her description had
on me wasn't lost on either of the women, either.

	When we'd looked at the last whip, I stood with my back to the post for
a moment, then turned to face it.  "I wonder what it'd be like to be tied to
this thing - to really be helpless, and at someone's mercy."

	Shar Mei spoke first, "I tie you?  You like see?"

	Caroline just looked appraisingly at me, and said, "There's only one way
to find out.  Shar Mei would love  to bind you to the post, and I'd certainly
not mind."  I hesitated, and stammered something about 'if anyone ever found
out', and Caroline laughed. "I'd never tell, nor would Shar Mei! You wouldn't be
the first man to be there by choice!  But take off your shirt, at least.  No one
is ever put on the post fully dressed.  Go on, do it!  You want to, and we don't
mind - quite the contrary.  We won't hurt you."  Her voice dropped an octave,
"Unless, of course, you want  us to."

	I removed my shirt, and allowed Shar Mei to lead me to the post and bind
my wrists together with a strap attached to a cord that hung from above. She
seemed to be thoroughly enjoying herself, and they both giggled as the cord was
hauled upwards, raising my arms high above my head.  My back was against the
post, which was not more than three or four inches thick, and Caroline stood in
front of me, lightly rubbing my chest.

	 "MMMmmm, John, you're quite a sight."  I leaned forward, trying to kiss
her, and she giggled and pinched my nipple, which I found strangely exciting. 
She must have realized it when I didn't try to pull away, for, instead of
letting go, she pinched harder, and twisted, looking into my eyes the whole
while.  "Yess," I breathed, and her other hand found my crotch, touching it
lightly and tentatively, at first, then finding it hard, gripped it tightly, and
squeezed it.

	"Kiss me, Caroline! Please, please!"

	A little to my surprise, she responded, coming to me.  I kissed her
deeply, trying to press my body against hers, and she returned the pressure with
interest, and started to fumble with my belt.  I put up no resistance, even when
I realized that other hands were helping to pull my shorts down.
	
	Suddenly I was naked, and Shar Mei was busy fastening my ankles to the
two rings set in the floor, while Caroline squeezed my prick with one hand, and
fingered my nipples with the other.  Shar Mei, having secured my legs, was
running her hands up and down the insides of them, and pausing to caress my
balls at the top of each stroke. 

	"Well, how does it feel to be on the post, darling?  I must say, you
look delicious!  Doesn't he look delicious, Shar Mei?"

	Shar Mei rose to her feet, and, standing behind me, cupped my buttocks
in her soft little hands before answering Caroline in Burmese.  "She says you
deserve to be punished, darling.  She wants to show you the song-huitt. She says
you have a lovely bottom for it - just made to whip."

	"Would you like to whip me?"

	"Would you like me to?" she countered.

	"Yes!" It came out a whisper.

	"Shar Mei, get the song-huitt." 

	 Caroline removed her halter and skirt, and rubbed herself against me,
until I was wild with desire.  "Darling, Shar Mei wants to kiss you, too. You
don't mind, do you?  And then we'll take turns with the whip.  Whips, I should
say - there are several I want to try."

	"Do I have any choice?"

	She smiled, "No, none at all.  And you don't want any, do you?"

	"No.  And how did you know?"

	"Intuition - I can always tell about a man. About a woman, too.  At
least, I haven't been wrong so far - I suppose there's always a first time.
Mmmmmm, Shar Mei is right, you do have lovely derrieres.  They're very pale,
though.  A touch of colour would do them a world of good, and with a little
pattern - say herringbone, they'd be quite perfect!  Now it's Shar Mei's turn to
play with you for a minute. Don't run away!"  She gave my balls a little
squeeze, and disappeared behind me, and the next thing I knew, Shar Mei's mouth
was at my one of nipples, and her hands were busy in my crotch.  I was aflame
within half a minute, straining at my bonds to get closer to her, but as she was
in control, not me, she just laughed and went on teasing me.

      Finally she seized me by the hair and pulled my face down to hers, and
kissed me, I thought she would suck my tongue out of my mouth!  "Ahh, you want,
yes?  You want be lover to me?"

	"Christ, yes!  Very much!"   

	She giggled up at me, "Oooooh, so impatient!  Later!  First I whip you,
make you dance for me, eh?  I untie feet, now.  You turn, face post."

      The two women went to work, and before I knew it, I was up against the
post, secured with ropes, one ankle tied a little high, raising one leg so that
my left buttock curved as if bent over, and exposing my balls and thighs.  Then
they began rubbing and squeezing my bottom, getting to know the terrain, so to
speak.  A hood was thrown over my head so I couldn't see, and one of the women
seized my shaft, holding me still. 

	Wheeep!  A thin line of pure pain erupted across my buttocks, and I
jerked in surprise, but the hand that held me tightened, pushing my hips back
ready for another stroke.  It came as soon as I was bent so far that I couldn't
clench up.  Wheeeep!  Lord, it hurt!  I jerked and bucked. and then I felt my
prick enter something warm and moist, which re-vitalized it most effectively. 
Again I was pushed back, and again that vicious little whip made play with my
cheeks, once on each side, with the tips curling just into the cleft.

	"AIEEEEE!  Oh, wait!  Please, wait a minute!  That hurts, that really
hurts!"  I heard the whip whistle again, but it didn't strike this time, and the
girls giggled and fondled me front and back.  Too soon, the caresses stopped,
and the whipping resumed.

	Eight more excruciating strokes followed, two at a time, delivered
slowly and carefully for the fullest effect, and at the end I was almost
sobbing.  "Now, John, was that fun?  No?  Well, if you behave yourself, and do
exactly as you're told, we may put the whip away.  That whip, anyway. Otherwise,
I'm afraid we'll just have to give you another dozen. Won't we, Shar?"

	"Please, Ma'am, you let me whip more?  I only just begin.  I put cord on
him, keep him hard while he suffer, very nice.  Please?"

	"It might be fun.  What do you say, John?  A little more with the
song-huitt?"

	"No, please, Caroline. No more song-huitt.  I don't think I could take
any more of that!  God, it hurts, that thing!"

	She removed the hood. "Yes, darling, it does.  It's meant to.  But you
haven't told me that you'll be good.  By which I mean very, very obedient. Will
you, or shall we try to persuade you a little more.  Say, with another dozen?"

	"I'll be obedient."

	"Splendid!  Then kiss  Shar Mei's hand, and thank her for her trouble,
and then ask her to torture your nipples with the little red needle.  Ask her
very nicely, and very humbly."

	"You can't be serious!"

	Whhhiiick!!!  "EEEeeee! NO!"  Whhheeeeickk! "PLEASE!  NO! NO MORE!"

	"Well, darling?  You will in the end, you know.  But if you don't now
I'll just have to ask Shar Mei to go on until you've had another dozen before I
ask again.  And again and again if necessary. So?"

	"Oh, Ma'am, I want whip some more!  He dance very beautiful, move pretty
ass very nice. Please, you let me make nice pattern on bottom, very attractive." 
She swished the whip through the air, making me wince.

	"Mmmmm, well, he's not asking for the needle yet, so I suppose we'll
have to go ahead.  Whip him, Shar Mei.  Another dozen, and try to get the tips
inside his crack.  I'll push him back and keep him open."  She grasped my handle
again and forced me back until my buttocks were spread wide while the servant
took up her stance and raised the whip.   

	"NO!  No, please, I'll ask!  Shar Mei, please, torture me with the
...red needle."

	"Go on.  Where?"

	"On my ...on my nipples." 

	Caroline took my face in her hands and kissed me, "Of course, darling,
if that's what you really want.  Shar Mei, help me take him down."  I was
released from the post, though my wrists remained bound, and lead by the
testicles to a low padded bench, onto which I was made to lie on my back while
my arms and legs were  fastened down the sides with straps.  As Caroline
finished binding me, Shar Mei lit a tiny brazier, carefully nurturing the flame
until the coals glowed cherry-red.  When she judged them hot enough, she thrust
a set of thin needles, with long wooden handles into them and waited.  She
looked very happy.

	Caroline meanwhile, was toying with me, keeping me hard, and kissing me.
I tried to turn away the first time, but she gave my balls a hard squeeze, and
hissed into my ear, "Co-operate with me, darling, or I'll have her put a needle
right through your jewels.  When I kiss you, I expect to be kissed back, and
when I put something in front of your face, I expect it to be kissed, and kissed
passionately!  Do you understand?"  She twisted my nipple until I cried out, and
then brought her face down to mine.  I cooperated, which really wasn't hard to
do.

	 I kissed her lips, her neck, her breasts, and her armpits.  I kissed
her hands and her ears, and her navel.  Finally, she placed a pillow behind my
head, and kneeling astride my chest, presented her luscious little bucket for
treatment.  The treatment was lovingly applied, and when she spread her cheeks
wide and thrust back, my tongue found the little door, and did what was expected
of it.  I could see nothing but that magnificent ass, but at that moment, it was
all I wanted to see, and my tongue worked with a sort of languorous vigour,
provoking small, sweet animal sounds from my tormentress.

	She had just changed position a little, presenting me with her little
honeypot, when Shar Mei spoke, "Needle almost ready, now.  OK I fix so he
longtime hard?"

	"Yes, you fix him.  He certainly seems hard now!  I'm rather sorry now
that I promised him to you.  I'd like to use him myself."

	I felt Shar Mei's fingers again on my rod, magic as always, and then
something (I learned later that it was a ribbon), was wound tightly around the
base of my equipment, and tied. The honeypot was brought up to my face again,
and as I did my duty, I felt a warm mouth envelop my penis, making me
diamond-hard.  I couldn't tell whose it was, but it was certainly skillful, and
I just when I thought I'd burst with unsatisfied passion, the mouth was gone,
and Caroline rose to her feet.  "He's all yours, darling. But leave something
for me."

	Shar Mei swung herself astride me, nude now, and grasping me,  guided my
shaft to her magic portal, lowering herself onto me slowly, never taking her
eyes off mine.  I moaned with pleasure, and she smiled - a cruel,
cat-who's-caught-a-bird smile, and leaned forward, fastening her lips on a
nipple, and working her mouth until it was nut-hard.  Then she sat back, weaving
her hips slowly.  "Now," she said, and Caroline pulled a glowing needle from the
brazier, holding the handle carefully, and gave it to her.

	Shar Mei took the nipple between her thumb and middle finger, and pulled
it up.  Slowly, slowly, she brought the glowing needle close to the nipple,
until it was about half an inch away. "Ahhh, now you ready?"

	"NO!"

	"Yes, you nipple hard - you ready,"  and she touched the point to it. I
screamed and bucked, but she held the little hard nip securely, and touched it
again.  She rode my jerking hips, rocking up and down and side to side, seeming
to time her motions to my frenzied movement with a skill that betokened a rich
experience in these matters.  A look of ecstacy was on her face, her hair flew
around her shoulders, and her breasts bobbled wantonly as she raped me.  The
ribbon kept me hard and able, despite the pain. 

	She threw the needle aside, and Caroline approached me with another one,
and knelt beside me to suckle my other nipple to full  erection. When it was
ready, she applied the point.  "AAAAIIIEEEEEE!!!,"  I shrieked, and my cry of
pain mingled with Shar Mei's "AAAAHhhhhh!!" of pleasure as she climaxed. 
Caroline flung away the needle and raped my mouth with hers, as Shar Mei pressed
her lips to my tortured breast, and tried to suck the nipple right off.  It was
too much!  I came in a mighty spurt, my body wracked with love's convulsions,
and Shar Mei met my movements with renewed ardour.  Soon we were making love
again, my hips thrusting to meet her rocking body in a frenzy, while Caroline
avidly watched.  I spent twice more, the last time almost unable to exert
myself, Shar Mei lay on top of me, undulating her hips, doing the work, her
mouth glued to mine.

	When, at last, it was over, the two women untied the ribbon and sponged
me off before releasing me from my bonds.  Caroline brought me a glass of
something.  "Drink that down, John.  It'll make You feel as good as new in half
an hour - the perfect after-rape nostrum.  I must say, you did very well! 
Didn't he, Shar Mei?"

	"Best I have long time, Ma'am."


				*	*	*	*	*	*

	The next morning we had breakfast on the veranda, and as Caroline poured
the coffee she asked, "Quite recovered from last night,John?"

	"Yes  well, in some ways, anyway.  I think I learned a lot about
myself."

	"Did you enjoy it?  That's the main thing."

	"You know I did.  very much!"

	"You could have stopped it, you know - any time.

	"I know".

	"If you'd said  'Enough! Untie me - I don't want to go on' we'd have
stopped.  Then and there."

	"I knew that.  Which is why I didn't cry off.  I didn't want you to
stop.  It wasn't really rape at all.  I wanted it. God, how I wanted it! All of
it.

	"The nipples, too?"

	"The nipples, too."

	"By the way, you've made quite an impression on Tissah - she's been
telling the laundry girls about you.  I rather think you'll have to make up for
the nee-kee-gong, though.  If Tissah doesn't have you soon she may cause
trouble.  I'll find an excuse to get you two together this afternoon."

	I agreed, and the conversation turned to the new job I was going to in
Rangoon.  We discussed it, and finally she said, "Somehow I can't see you
working in a bank.  Is it really what you want?"

	"Well, it's a living."

	"Be serious."

	"Then, no.  But it's a chance to come here to another part of the world,
and a very exotic one to me, and that I do like.  As for the actual work in the
bank - well, I try not to think too much about it."

	"We need a manager - someone to look after the books, and oversee
operations, too.  Especially when Rob's away, which happens quite often. Why
don't you stay and work for me?  We'd love to have you, and the laundry girls
would be delighted, to say nothing of Shar Mei."

	"What about Rob?"

	"He'd be happy, too.  He's one of us, you know.  No secrets.  He had the
punishment hut built.  Besides, I actually own the estate, and Rob told me
before he left for Rangoon that if I liked you, to ask you".

	And that is how I became a planter instead of a banker, and a bit of a
lecher, too.  A lot happened in the years following, some bad of course, but for
the most part, good, and always interesting.  Ours was a surprisingly happy
plantation, and we always had to turn away more help than we could hire.  We
looked after our own, and they looked after us. Feudal?  Perhaps, but it worked.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rex


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





