BDSM Library - I've Got Male




I've Got Male
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Middle class housewife exchanges sexy emails with stranger who tracks her down and rapes her while her husband is away.
I've Got Male

I had had a good day, well afternoon at any rate. The children were away for
half term and my husband was away on business. I had been shopping with my good
friend Marie who also wanted a time out.

We got back home trying not to think about the money we had spent on clothes,
had a cup of tea and a sandwich at a local cafe. We pulled into my drive and
just as we did so another car drew up and a man, handsome man, got out and
waited at a respectful distance. I shouted goodbye to Marie saying that I would
see her tomorrow morning if she could call round at eleven. She agreed and drove
off.

The man came over and introduced himself as John. It suddenly dawned upon me
that this was the person I had been having suggestive email conversations with!
Not wanting the neighbours to start asking questions I quickly asked him in.

He accepted a cup of tea and we drank it and chatted. I was nervous and said too
much, far too much. I looked at his trousers as he was sitting on the settee and
realised that he was not here for the social niceties. Worse still (after
wondering how he tracked me down) he knew I was alone until at least eleven next
morning.

He knew what I was thinking and there was no point in any further delay on my
part or his. The sooner we got started, and finished, the better! I could not
believe I was about to be raped in my own living room by a complete stranger.

I sat silently waiting for his move. Slowly he unzipped his trousers and eased
his half erect cock out. "Come over here, Kelly" he said. I froze! He got up and
moved towards me. Standing with his cock in front of my face he put one hand
under my chin opening my mouth, the other hand in my hair and pulled me on to
him. For only a few seconds he moved my mouth up and down on it and then took it
out.

"Kelly, you and I are going to be together until at least tomorrow so you had
better start learning to do as I say. A little training is required"

"Stand up Kelly, and take off your clothes in the order I tell you"

"No, no NO, not here not now, please" I cried, and received a light slap across
the face!

"Your sweater please" I did as I was told and was left standing in my bra.

"Your skirt next" I dropped it to the floor and stepped out of it.

"Bra" a rather nice lacy pale blue one

"Knickers" I had to bend down to do this and my naked breasts swung
embarrassingly downwards. There wasn't much left. All I had on was my shoes,
self-supporting stockings and a pearl necklace.

John walked towards me running one hand up my hairy slit and the other firmly
pulling my nipples even further out. I was still speechless, shaking a little,
and beginning to cry.

"Turn around and face the chair, Kelly"

"Bend over and put your hands on the arms of the chair!"

"Spread your legs!" My shoes made the muscles in my legs tight and my breasts
and long fair hair swung down in front of me.

The fingers probed a little and seemed satisfied. I heard the swish a fraction
of a second before I felt the stinging connection with my bare buttocks.



I just hoped the training would not last too long......

The tightness in my leg muscles as a result of bending over in high heels made
the pain worse. Two stinging blows on each side of my buttocks were followed by
ones on the bare inside of my thighs just above the stocking tops. I was doing
my best not to cry tears but my yells with each stroke were admonished with the
threat of being gagged!! With each stroke of the belt I let out a louder cry. 
The last one caught the opening of my vagina and I was now sobbing
uncontrollably.

The beating stopped and the fingers started again pulling the lips of my vagina
downwards and apart. As the fingers worked me with one hand, the other hand
returned to my hanging breasts and erect nipples.

"Kneel down, please, Kelly" said the voice. I knelt down and was pushed forward
with my face into the cushion of the chair.

Strong hands took hold of my arms and I felt my hands being tied behind my back.
I had not even been fucked once yet!

There was little I could do to help myself in this position. My knees were wide
apart and my hole open to the world. I felt the hands move over my sore backside
and fingers and thumbs pulling the lips even wider apart. The beating had dried
me up and I was nowhere near ready. The hands moved back to my breasts and I
felt warm hard flesh at the entrance to my vagina. Each thrust followed a pull
and stretch of my nipples as the rod forced its way in. The fingers and thumbs
pulled everything wide apart again and I could soon feel his balls up against
me.

Moaning and breathing hard my muscles began contracting and at last the fluids
began to flow. The hard cock moved in and out slowly and firmly. All of a sudden
it came out completely and I felt another hard slap across my rear quickly
followed by several more.

"You must do better than that Kelly!" said the voice. The cock went in again
hard and was pumping violently. I cried and screamed out, muffled from the
cushion, but it just kept going until my vagina felt like it was on fire! The
liquid filled me almost to cool it down! The thrusting stopped but the cock
stayed in impaling me. At last it was removed and the fluids seeped out down the
inside of my thighs.

How had I got into this. One minute I was a well dressed housewife. The next I
was near naked with my breasts and vagina at the mercy of this man. Worse still,
when had I last had my period........

The hands were untied. "You can put your clothes back on now, Kelly" he said
"but don't clean yourself up yet. There will be more to come". I lay on the
floor, hot and sticky and was made to suck the now softening  cock clean.

Sooner or later I was certain that I would suffer the humiliation of being done
in my own bed.

After half a bottle of red wine to calm me down I had a little doze in front of
the fire. The hand on my arm woke me "Time to go upstairs, Kelly!"

I stood up slowly and was led to my own bedroom. The door closed firmly behind
us. Without even asking I took off my clothes, all of them, and was guided to
the bed. Lying on my back I was tied to each corner wondering what was to come
next. John almost apologised "I'll have to blindfold you, so you cannot see what
I am about to do". Darkness descended - and so did the strap on my body. Inside
the front thighs, across my stomach and them the sides of my breasts. Each
stroke produced a scream and the blindfold mopped up my watering eyes!

It stopped. Silence. Then a different feeling as the firm cock raped me again,
and again. With each thrust I pushed harder upwards and felt the fluids fill me
as my vagina tightened with the orgasm. Relief. He can't do it again.
Yet........

The bonds were quickly released but worse was to come! "Kelly, when my cock
stiffens again I am going to fuck your..." I pretended I had not heard the last
word.


I had a large glass of brandy to calm me down and John had the same. We both
dozed off a little but when we woke I knew what was about to happen to me.
John's cock was up again a firmly as ever as he was excited, although I don't
think he realised it, at the prospect of being the first one up my rear
entrance....

I still had a dressing gown on from going to the bathroom earlier although I had
not been allowed to clean my vagina properly. It was beginning to get a little
aromatic although that did not seem to bother him.

My hands were tied behind my back again and, instead of the bed I was lead to
the long piano stool that I used in front of my dressing table. I lay on it
lengthways with my legs apart over the sides and a firm cushion under my hips. I
could see John reach for some cream from the table and take the lid off the jar.

The dressing gown still covered me and, after my ankles were tied to the stool
legs it was lifted up to reveal my bare backside.

"John, please take care, please don't hurt me please......." my voice stopped as
his hand scooped the sticky fluids in my vagina and spread them in the crevice.
Holding the cheeks apart with one hand a finger full of cream followed onto the
tightly shut hole and began to work it's way in.

The finger went in easily and began to widen it, quickly followed by a second
finger from the other hand. I could see his cock in the mirror and had severe
doubts as to whether it would fit. The two fingers worked their way in deeply
and pulled and stretched in opposite directions. I was breathing hard and
moaning "John, No, John No Please......." to no avail.

I felt something larger than a finger then increasing pain with the increasing
pressure "John...........OH OH OH...." as the head of his cock forced it's way
inside. It moved in and out slowly but firmly. So this is how having one's arse
fucked feels?!

I began to move up and down to meet it to make it come quickly. After it has
shot it's load he left it in for what seemed like an eternity as I lay there
motionless apart from quiet little sobs of relief.

My hands and ankles were untied and I was able to go to the bathroom but only
embarrassingly with the door open.

A considerable time had passed and I was allowed sleep but with no chance of
escape. My right wrist was handcuffed to the frame of the headboard.

I awoke around 3 am as I felt my ankles being held by firm hands and my legs
moved apart. It was obviously time to be fucked again. There was no pain this
time and my assailant came quickly. He pulled it out slowly then moved up to
kneel across my chest. Pulling his foreskin right back he opened my mouth with
his finger and thumb either side of my jaw and squeezed out the last drops of
cum and making me lick it clean.

I was allowed a pee and a sleep till the morning.

We awoke again at around 9 am and I had what seemed to be the luxury of a hot
bath.  Still wearing my dressing gown, with nothing underneath, we had a light
breakfast of coffee and croissants. I assumed that I would be raped  again and
that John would leave before Marie arrived at 11. I was wrong.

At half past ten John removed my dressing gown leaving me naked.

"Turn Round"

"Hands"

I duly placed them behind my back to be secured.

"Lie on the sofa"

I did as I was told and my ankles were secured too.

"You look tempting, Kelly, but I do not want to waste my energy!"

Next I was gagged with tape.

"Just a quick check to make sure you are OK" he said and ran his fingers up my
clean but sticky slit.

I hoped and prayed that Marie would change her mind. The clock over the
fireplace approached eleven; then five minutes past. My heart was thumping.

Just before quarter past the doorbell rang.

John went to answer it.

Marie looked surprised to see a man answer the door but hesitated as she
realised she recognised him from the day before. He grabbed her arm and dragged
her inside with a hand over her mouth and an arm behind her back.

"Say, hello to Kelly!" he said with a look of eager anticipation on his face.

Marie had a look of fear on hers.

He released his hand but Marie did not speak.

"Marie, you can see what has happened to Kelly. Behave yourself, do as you are
told and you will not be harmed"

Marie looked at me and I nodded to tell her to submit to whatever was going to
happen to her. She was frozen with fear as John began to strip her.

Marie was darker than me, slightly slimmer (I could be jealous!) and a little
taller. I watched with sexual arousal as her jacket, blouse, bra and knickers
were quickly stripped away displaying small but firm breasts and thick dark
pubic hair.

He pushed her to her knees, unzipped his trousers and forced his cock into her
mouth.

"I don't really need to be got started but I just can't resist it with a classy
lady like you!"

Marie sucked with enthusiasm.

The naked Marie was led to the chair that I had been assaulted on the night
before.

She was getting her voice back but a limited vocabulary of "Please" and "No!"
were not going to save her.

John was prepared and began to lubricate Marie's anus.  The "Please" and the
"No" first got louder then quieter mixed with the sobbing. Is this what I looked
like when it happened to me I thought?"

"Kelly, he's up my...my.." she cried as if I could possibly do anything about
it.

He fingered her vagina to calm her down a bit and the sobbing turned to panting.
The fingers went back into the tightest hole to try to open it up a bit.

As the hard cock exerted pressure, Marie felt the pain and screamed out loud as
it finally went in. John fingered her hard clit again and then  began long deep
slow strokes in her anus. John came, so did Marie and screamed quietly this
time.

It was all over.

John tied Marie's arms and ankles and left her on the floor. He put his trousers
back on and picked up his bag.

"Its got late" he said "and I have a plane to catch".

He removed my gag and left as suddenly as he had arrived.

My husband would be away again in a few weeks time. Meanwhile, as I wriggled out
of my bonds I had some explaining to do to Marie....!

Marie eventually forgave me and it made us closer friend. In every sense!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kelly Jackson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





