BDSM Library - Her Submission Begins...




Her Submission Begins...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her first night wiht him, his eys claiming control of her body...and her pleasure.
Her Submission Begins...

This story was inspired by a real life experience at my friends' sleep-over.  It
was two "couples" and myself, so let's just say I got a lot of viewing
experience (when we weren't in threesomes or group masturbation sessions . . . .
;). )  Well, in any case, here's my story:

He lay there, beside her, taking in the sight of her naked body beside his.  It
was not the first time he had seen her, not the first time he had lain with her,
but something inside of him said that tonight would be different.  He watched as
she softly, gently licked her lips.  He scanned her face, sensing her desire and
her need for him, her hunger to feel his massive, bulging manhood deep inside of
her, but he knew what his desire was; he was going to make her wait, teased and
touched 'till He and not she could take no more.

His eyes slowly made there way across her face, briefly pausing at her eyes --
gazing into them and watching as her love-stricken, puppy-dog eyes gazed back at
him.  His own eyes continued onward, hers following, as he traced the soft
curves of her pink cheeks and followed, more slowly this time, the delicate
curves of her cherry-apple lips.  He watched as again her tounge darted out from
between them, moistening them.

He felt himself hardening, but continued onward with his eyes, following the
curves of her chin and neck, tracing the lump of her adam's apple, following the
ripples of her shoulder blades and tracing the lines of her ribs with his eyes.  
His eyes fall upon her voluptuous chest, noticing the mounds that sit before his
gaze and envisioning the delicious protrusion of her nipples, which are just
slowly beginning to harden.  His eyes continued their path down her body,
pausing briefly to look into the crevices of her belly-button where his tounge
would sit later. 

On down his eyes continued, following every line and curve of her naked body. 
Slowly, he focused his gaze on her delicate folds -- at first, following only
the outside lips, but then examining with his eyes, the delicate inner skins and
the sensitive vulva and clitoris.  But onward, down, his gaze continues,
watching the lines where her delicate ass cheeks become visible.  He follows
their lines and looks downward, tracing -- with his eyes -- the lines of her
thighs, her knees, her calves.

He senses her strength but notes her willing submission to his enchanting gaze. 
Finally, he traces -- with his eyes -- the curves of her ankle, noting the
protrusion of her bones there, and following the shape of her feet and the soft
and natural extension of her toes.  He lays there beside her, having seen every
part of her body; it is his now, leaving her with nothing to hide from him -- no
part of her he hasn't seen, he doesn't own.  He licks his lips eagerly, wanting
to taste all that is his, but wanting to wait, to make her wait.  She, though,
is already so very turned on by his eyes, wanting/needing so much more and
praying that it will come soon.  He is in complete control of her -- her body,
her orgasms, her pleasures, her emotions, her world.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





