BDSM Library - The Making of a Party Animal




The Making of a Party Animal
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was kidnapped and the kidnapper promised to make her a "Party Animal". While she was thinking what a party animal was, she didn't realize she wasn't the only one being kidnapped, and to be a party animal wasn't the worst thing either.
                  The Making of a Party Animal
                        By PALADIN
 

Annie stopped at the light. She did not want to but it was the 
LAW. She was late.  This was usual for her . Very very
disconcerting  for others, and about to be modified today.
 
Her license had to many points. So she waited, and fumed at the
injustice of her having to wait like a mear person. She should 
be allowed better, but she had to wait.
 
Today she had taken the shortest route, through a section of 
town that she would usually avoid. Today their was no choice.
 
 she thought. 
 
The drivers side door opened, the seat belt rose and a large man 
carrying a gym bag said, "MOVE OVER BITCH!"
 
He punctuated his command by pushing her over onto the passenger 
seat floor. He got in and placed his bag on the seat between 
them.
 
"Get out of my car, or I will scream...." she began indignantly, as 
she tried to get back up onto the passengers seat.
 
He reached over and casually slapped her back down to the floor, 
and drove the car to a deserted industrial parking lot in the next 
block. There he stopped the car and turned to a silent subdued 
Annie.
 
Her head hurt. She was frightened and thought it best now to 
just RUN!! 
 
She had reached for the door and was about to open it and jump 
out. Something cold, metallic and sharp touched her temple. She 
froze. Warily she perceived the raiser  sharp knife was so close 
to her face.  She stopped everything including breathing. 
 
"Now we got to come to an understanding here, BITCH." He began, 
"You are going to do everything that I tell you from now on or I 
will fix it so that, no man, or woman, will ever look at you again 
with out getting sick." He had the sharp knife now lowered to her 
soft white throat. "Is that understood? BITCH!"
 
She could not speak. With wide eyes, she could only carefully shake 
her head. This brought another slap from her tormentor.
 
"I can't hear you rattle you dumb bitch. So I will know that I 
have your attention and cooperation I want you to answer me. 
and answer me respectfully, too bitch!" he said. 
 
"Y  Y  Yes...Sir" she uttered. She was scared, more scared than 
any time in her life. She had never been hit and it was sure that 
this man meant business. She would do anything he wanted.
 
"Now to show you understand me, let's try some obedience. Take 
off the skirt, slip, and panties. That way I can be sure you 
understand and will obey me. You will also be less willing to 
jump out bare ass." he said.
 
"Please I'll give you money... the car... anything else but not 
that." she cried.
 
"Now we can do this the easy way or the hard way, BITCH. I can 
beat you and tear off your clothes. Then you will have nothing to 
wear when I'm through with you. Or you do as I say and save the 
clothes, and a lot on wear and tear on your hide. Your choice." 
he said.
 
He grabbed her hair and pulled up her head and raised his fist  
preparing to smash her in the face.
 
"No! No! Please I will do it. Please sir.." she cried. Scared as she 
was she saw no other way...
 
She reached down to unbutton her skirt, and she strained her neck 
as he still held her hair. She slipped her skirt and slip down 
and looked up pleading with him. 
 
"The panties too, BITCH NOW!!" he said and drew back his fist
again.
 
She was crying now but she managed to slipped the panties over her 
protruding ass and then ,with the rest, off her legs. Reluctantly her 
hands gave the now useless garments to him. She then lowered them 
to cover her now bear loins and precious pubic hair.
 
"I've done what you wanted. Now here take my purse. Take the car, 
but let me go. Please. I won't tell. Please just let me go.." she cried.
 
He through the purse and her precious clothes into the back seat 
and said,
 
"That mouth is annoying. I think it will stop it up for now." He 
reached into his bag and took out a large rubber plug, shaped like 
a big black penis, with a web of leather straps attached to it.
 
He forced it into her mouth by grabbing her hair, twisting, and 
when she opened her mouth to scream, shoving it deep into her 
mouth.
 
She reached up to fight it, and stopped when he asked.
 
"You want to fight about it?? BITCH!"
 
This cowed her. Choking on the thing in her mouth, she 
lowered her hands and let him arrange and tightened the straps around
her head. This forced the prod deeper into her mouth and secured it in
her oral cavity. The prod kept her mouth wide open and filled. Satisfied 
with the arrangement, he reached into his bag and took out a padlock. 
Secured it to the straps so they were locked. A metallic click announced 
to her that the thing on her head and in her mouth was there till he 
wanted to removed it with a key.
 
He reached back into his bag and came up with two sets of shinny
handcuffs. 
 
He stretched down and trapped her feet with the first pair, securing 
her ankles together.
 
"OK Now, hands behind your back bitch and no stalling or we do it 
the hard way." he said.
 
Reluctantly she did as she was told. What choice did she have? Now 
she was totally helpless and trusted up like a turkey for the pot. (Little 
did she know how right she was.)
 
He reached onto her blouse, fished around till he found her right nipple, 
and squeezed it hard. She tried to scream but only a gurgling sound 
came out. The gag effectively muted her sound of distress.
 
"Always have to test that it's in right. Now I think that those tits 
would feel much better out in the air." he said. "Don't you?"
 
With that he held her by the throat and tore off her blouse and 
bra. In a short time her tits were displayed in all their soft whitness for 
his inspection, along with all the rest of her body.
 
"Kneel up and let me see if your tits are good enough to warrant 
staying on that frame, or should I just cut them off??" he asked. 
tracing them with the knife.
 
Cringing from his comment and threat she straightened to his 
gaze. He fingered her tits, squeezed them and weighed them. Then
lowered his hand to her pubic bone. His hand roamed her soft under
belly for a time. Then he pulled some pubic hair and compared it to 
her other.
 
"I should have gotten a younger one but maybe the boys will like 
a motherly whore for a change. Now put your head down to the seat 
and get all the rest you can. You will need it for the party 
tonight. If you know what is good for you, you will be the best 
PARTY ANIMAL that you can be, or it will be really bad."
 
What the hell did he mean? She was no whore. What the hell was a 
PARTY ANIMAL?? This can not be happening to me. Where is he 
taking me? 
 
Through the long ride she hopped that someone would stop them and 
rescue her. Or did she really want someone to see her like this??




                           CHAPTER 2
 
The ride was long and terrifying for Annie. She was naked and in 
the front seat floor of her own car being driven to who knows 
where. She was terrified and shaking from the fear...but why was 
her cunt dripping.
 
This bastard had treated her like dirt and she had never been 
more sexually excited in her life. She was his slave till he 
chose to release her and she was loving every terrifying moment.
No one had ever treated her like this and she was scared out of 
her mind, and more sexually turned on than at any time in her 
whole life.
 
The car slowed and he pulled off the road into a large garage. He 
parked the car got out and casually walked away without a word. 
She heard voices and some female sobbing but she was afraid to 
try to raise up to try to see where she was. 
 
She hopped he would come back for her soon. She tried to hide 
she bent way over and hoped, no one else would find her. Where 
was he?
 
The voices got louder and the passenger side door opened. He 
reached in and pulled her up by her hair. Her worst nightmare was 
realized.
 
Her humiliation was magnified many times over as she saw that 
their were many men crowded around the car, ogling her modest 
nudity.
 
"Don't be shy bitch!! These are my buddies and you better impress 
them with my catch or you will be the sorriest bitch in this 
town. You better be the best PARTY ANIMAL in this herd for me."
 
"Oh no!" she thought. Not this whole group. She could be his 
slave but not all these animals. She tried to shrink back to the 
floor but his hold of her hair prevented this. She was dragged 
out and pulled over the hood like fresh trophy animal. She tried 
to bring her hands to cover herself but the cuffs prevented this.
 
It seemed like a thousand hands were prodding her treasures. She 
could lurch but their was no escape. Hands squeezed her tits. 
Hands explored her ass. Hands slipped into her crotch. Nothing 
was sparred her in the fondling she had to endure.
 
"Brad take the ankle cuffs off this bitch, so we can try out the 
pussy." said one of the men.
 
"No. If you want use it bend her over the fender and go in the 
back way." Brad said. "It will be too much trouble to get them 
back on for the processing."
 
A female scream, at that moment, drew her attention from her 
plight. She raised up and looked toward the sound. She saw a nude 
female ass with the legs wide open and stretched up. The 
unfortunate was secured to a heavy table across the garage. 
A big man was doing something and then stepped between the 
spayed legs. Just then a hand from behind forced her head down on 
the hot hood and a dick pushed at her closed tight cunt.
 
"Your turn will come for that but right now concentrate on your 
whoring. If you do a good job we might just let you go." said 
the dicks owner. "HA HA"
 
No fore play, no nothing just a stabbing dick..
 
Her former aroused state had given way to one of cold terror. She 
sought to keep the dick out of her now tightly closed dry hole.
 
 she wondered. Her 
thoughts were interrupted.
 
"Open up bitch!" the dicks owner ordered and slapped her head 
from behind. He stabbed again at the tightly closed cunt...
 
One of the other men came around the hood and grabbed her up by her
hair to play with her tits. He took her right nipple in his fingers 
and twisted it like it was a screw top cap. She lurched and tried 
to avoid them but she could not.
 
"Come on girlie... Open up for old Phil.... "
 
The dick finally achieved its goal and she felt it inside her 
hole. For self preservation she concentrated on lubricating, but 
another scream caused her to clamp down and bring the dick in her 
cunt off. 
 
She heard "AW Shit it is too tight... Need a cork screw..."
 
It withdrew. Another immediately took its place and sank in 
easily, aided by the cum lubrication.
 
She managed to evade the pinching fingers and sank down to the 
hood, now servicing only one tormentor. He too came quickly, but 
the next dick sought fresher fields.
 
"I don't want no sloppy seconds you whore. You better help me get 
into this ass hole or I'll go get down that splintered old base 
ball bat to open this here hole." said the familiar voice of Brad.
 
He could have had her all to himself. She would have been his 
slave for life, but he was sharing her like an old base ball 
glove or something. She was furious. She would show him.. Then
she did see a splintered bat sitting in the corner. He meant it! He 
would do it. He would ruin her. She knew he would. 
 
She relaxed her ass. She raised up and concentrated on helping in 
the deflowering of her own, until now, virgin ass hole.
 
"This whore is real intelligent. She must have had a whole lot of 
experience." said Brad as he placed himself in her neither hole. 
Without further comment he took his pleasure in her ass hole.
 
She wanted to shout that she had never had a dick in her ass 
before. But that was not possible. The plug in her mouth saw to
that. 
 
Brad's dick hurt her even though she tried to relax. After all 
she was dry ... and this was the first time.
 
Brad soon came and was replaced by another large dick.
 
"This is one tight assed bitch," said the new dicks owner. "I 
ought to take a crow bar to this hole and make it man sized."
 
"No you don't. The needle dick fuckers that are coming to the 
party will have a better time with her, just like she is. Bet that 
she's bettern any whore you pleaded with to come here for the 
festivities." Brad remarked.
 
This new dick came and withdrew form her ass hole. 
 
Despite the circumstances she was getting excited but she did not 
come yet.  The audience had scared her soo bad she had been sure 
that she would never come again. She would never have sex again 
she had vowed. But here she was getting there... despite the 
circumstances. This was wrong, very wrong but  her belly did not
care.
 
She actually felt hollow when she heard...
 
"Now you have had your sample let's get on with this whores make 
over." said Brad. "Jake's waiting."
 
She was pulled to her feet and dragged toward the heavy table she 
had seen before.
 
On the short journey she noticed two other cars, like hers, late 
model and expensive, in the garage. Also on a small table, at the 
side were three purses. Further on she saw the back of two naked
women kneeling on the floor before a large muscular man. They 
had their legs and hands were cuffed behind them like hers .
 
"This your addition to the stable, Brad??" the large man asked.
 
"Yea, Jake, She needs your fine cosmetic touch." Said Brad.
 
"OK. Put the bitch over here, on the table." said Jake.
 
She was dragged up to the heavy table, turned around and,
thrown down, on her back. Straps closed down over her throat, 
and then the waist. Thus secured, her legs were raised and the 
knees secured to a waiting hook from above. The slack in the hook, 
was taken out to keep her spread for her 'make over'.
 
Jake came over with an expanding device that held her knees 
wide apart. Her legs assumed a diamond shape. and Jake began 
to soaped her pubic hair and scraped her cunt clean with a 
razor. He pulled out her lips and got the hidden hair there. 
Then he teased her hooded treasure to see it twitch.
 
"This one'll take a nice big ring easy." Jake remarked. "And 
the fuck pad," he rubbed the fleshy covered pubic bone, " is real 
nice and soft.... OK Let's put the brand on her now."
 
She now started to struggle like a mad woman. Fucking..OK, 
Shaving..OK BUT A BRANDING!!... that was forever... No! No!!!! 
 She hoped. She tried wiggle lose, but 
she was too well fastened down. Their preparations were too 
thorough. They had done this many times before... They had it 
down pat.
 
Jake came back with a white hot iron from the brazier and lowered 
it to her freshly shaved right cunt lips.  He smiled down at her 
begging eyes. As he placed the marking tool with his usual 
precision. He said,
 
"Don't you worry your pretty little head. I won't hurt myself 
none. Here comes your beauty mark....."
 
SIISISSSSSSSSSIIII
 
He was an expert..
 
At first it felt cold... so cold... Then it burned... It seared 
her out continuos mind. She lost it, as the world dissolved into 
blackness...
 
When she came back around, she smelled the burning flesh. Jake 
was back there between her legs again with another smoldering 
iron. She knew the smelled was her own burning flesh as he 
lowered the iron...
 
"PLEASE NOOOO I....IIII" She tried to beg him not to...
 
But he did the other cunt lip. This time she was screamed her 
lungs out, as they had removed the gag. The scream echoed in 
the building but the men who had gathered to watch snickered 
and joked as her pain, reached a plateau. It went from 
unbearable to uncontiousness again.
 
She came to again and now her whole cunt was on fire. She 
could not see it but she knew she was a marked, like an 
animal, for life. She would carry these marks, whatever 
they were, to her grave.
 
She lowered her head and sobbed..... soon she passed out again.




                             Chapter #3
 
When she returned to full consciousness her cunt still felt as 
if it had been in a fire. She felt her shoulder against one of 
the other women. She was kneeling on the floor. She looked over 
and saw to her horror the other woman was ....Constance Moore. 
 
She too was naked and seemed to be just another nude prisoner in 
this garage like her self.  Each avoided the others eyes. Neither 
one of them tried to speak...
 
Beyond Constance was an oriental girl. Very young and very 
slender of build. Delicate yellow skin and no breasts to speak
of.
 
The men went through the purses and took all the money, bank
cards, and then furthered denuded the captives of all jewelry.  
Rings, watches etc... all were placed on the table. The spoils 
were then divided into equal shares. The drivers licenses were 
kept out on the table. The rest went into a individual boxes 
along with what remained of their clothes.
 
Just then a large four wheel drive vehicle drove in pulling a 
horse trailer. A tall man got out and the boys went around to 
opened the trailer. Inside were four wire mesh cages.
 
The top right cage was occupied by a naked female. She was let 
out and stood in front of the three cringing novice females. She 
stood up straight spread her legs to show her all.
 
 Annie thought..
 
The tall man had walked to the table and was looking over their 
licenses. Then he looked at each of the captive nudes, in 
silence and then said, standing over them with his legs spread,
 
"From now on you are my property. You will best put your former 
life out of your minds. You will do what I say and be what I 
say till I get tired of you." He sat on the table and reached 
over to finger the nude from the trailer, "This is Beth. Beth 
chose and you all will be given a choice, to refuse my kind 
offer to attend a party when we first met. She was not forced. 
She has been, though, taken to a couple of learning places. 
And she has now probably changed her mind."
 
All the while the woman stood, nude, legs spread with her hands
behind her head and let the man finger her sex. She starred down 
at the new nudes and said nothing.
 
"Show them how your cunt has changed Beth."
 
Beth reached down, parted her legs and labia, and shifted her 
crotch forward to showed all her denuded pussy lips which were 
ringed and branded in a scalloped waffle iron design. Then she 
removed her wig and showed that she was totally denuded of hair.
 
"Nice effect... Ain't it...Tell them of your learning places, 
Beth."
 
"I was taken to a brothel of his choice each day. I had to 
serviced women, men and then I went to the farm to further my 
education in pulling carts. Every morning I get another line
in my pussy lips and a heavier weight attached to my rings to 
stretch them out. if I resisted I get two lines. At the farm 
I also became acquainted with animals."
 
"Please let me take their places. Please. I beg you."  she 
pleaded the man. "I want to go to the party..."
 
"This is one modest whore. I sent her to a black brothel. Her 
specialty was ass fucking. I had her at this for a whole day 
straight. I made her ass the bargain of the day and she had a lot 
of takers that day. Then a day at a lesbian brothel where she 
drank the piss of her former snooty friends. A couple of days in 
a straight brothel and she seems to have matured to where she is 
today. A well rounded, educated, whore if I must say so."
 
"Of course there is, if it is needed a Sadists Brothel where she 
could get the benefit of whips, some hot irons etc., but I'm a 
nice guy. I haven't sent her there....YET!"
 
"Now get this straight from now on you are MY WHORES. You 
are for sale. I will set the price. I OK any deals. You will do 
anything I say. If you wish to object to this, then , Beth here 
will have a companion in her traveling education. You got that." 
he said looking from one to the other till each nodded 
understanding.
 
"Good! Now for introductions and tryouts. As I said everyone 
gets a chance. Let's start with this little bitch here." he said 
indicating the small oriental woman. "Get her up and the 
prod out of her mouth. Now, let's hear what she has to say."
 
The girl was pulled to a standing position and the gag removed.
 
He ran his hand over her belly and now smooth pubis and asked,
 
"Your name bitch?"
 
"Mae Ling." she squeaked obviously uncomfortable with the
nudity and the hand feeling her labia.
 
Holding her license, he said. "Is this your current address?"
 
"Yes," she said, "Please. I live alone. Let me go... I no tell.."
 
"Good, now you will be a part of my family,.... of whores."
 
"Please let me go. I will never tell. Just let me.  owoooo!!" she 
ended up screaming.
 
He had taken her small nipple and twisted it till she screamed. 
Then a back hand caused her to slump between the two guys 
that were there to catch her.
 
His hand returned to her crotch and he went on,
 
"Wrong answer bitch. You are to ask, and ask politely to go to 
my party. To entertain my guests with this cunt, ass and mouth. 
Or now I'll have Frank here bring you with Beth for the 
educational trip, Then you can try out for the next week's party. 
Or the next, or the next... Beth if I gave you the chance again 
which would you do."
 
"Please let me go to the party in her place." cried Beth.
 
"Please let me do what you say." Mae Ling exclaimed 
remembering the other woman's experiences.
 
"Right answer, but not enough enthusiasm. I like my whores to be 
bright, happy and willing to do anything I want you to do. No 
hesitation, just good whoring."
 
He sunk his finger in Mae Ling sex and shook his head. Mae 
stiffened but stood still.
 
"Dry hole! Not good..." he said as he removed his fingers from 
inside her.
 
Beth rushed over to suck his fingers clean.
 
"Thank ya kindly Beth. I see you have really learned.."
 
"Now I'm going to make allowances as this is your first time. 
But from now on your are my slit. I say it, you do it. No more 
hesitation. You speak when I tell you to and never when I do not 
give my permission. You address me as MASTER, them as SIR, 
and any free female as MISTRESS."
 
"Now let's see if your cunt is up to this party. Open the legs 
and spread it out for an audition."
 
Sobbing she did as he ordered. She squatted slightly and suffered 
his further inspection. She felt like an animal being inspected 
for sale, and she was right. 
 
Annie cringed even though she was not the current object of 
attention. Her eyes never left the Orientals plight.
 
"You have the essentials of a whore, a cunt, nice round mouth, 
but these puny tits... nuch! nuch! they are much too small. 
Also the attitude needs work. Do you think that you can satisfy 
my guests with this puny body? How do you expect to measure up?? 
What is your secrete weapon?? Come on bitch convince me.. you 
really wanna go to the party and whore for me..."
 
"Please..,Please I will do what you want. I will do anything." 
Mae Ling pleaded.
 
"Well I wanna be fair... Um Oh How many dicks have you sucked?" 
his question slapped her like a  fist.
 
He caught her jaws in his hand and started to inspect her small 
virgin mouth.
 
She thought she would be sick. She was a good girl. She had been 
raised in a proper house. Nice girls did not do this. Then she 
thought of Beth's cunt and the painful marking she had felt. She 
sobbed, and offered,
 
"I kissed one once... I.. will do it for you. Please..."
 
"I don't know. Enthusiasm is lacking. You plead ignorance. Then 
too I don't want to be sucked just now... I know let's really 
test your resolve. I want you to .... let's say... lick my ass 
clean. Nothing special, at first, just simple up and down and 
then when you have the feel of it, you start to wash the old 
glory hole and really get to know it. Then you tongue fuck it for 
a while. Then you start French kissing my ass hole like the best 
lover you have ever had. That it.... Thats what you will do if 
you don't want to get the treatment Beth has had. No... No 
more talking. Just do it or I will have Jake take you to the 
first brothel that will train you in this specialty and other 
specials." He ordered. "I'll bet we could round up a nice group 
of dirty asses for your tongue in no time at all."
 
She would not do it.  She thought.
 
 Her stomach started to rumble at the thought of such a filthy 
disgusting thing. 
 
"Beth will do it. In fact she has done this many times in her 
crash course in whoring. Haven't you Beth?"
 
All eyes turned to Beth. Mae's stomach rumbled at the thoughts.
But wide eyed she looked at the whore and felt really sick as she 
heard.
 
Looking at the floor Beth began "I did it first time for a woman. 
She had just done her business. They had to beat my tits, then, 
but that time I learned. I volunteered for cleaning asses. I will 
be happy to do it for you right now. Just let me go to the party 
in her place..."




                                Chapter  #4
 

"Mae, I guess you need that type of training that Beth has had." 
MASTER said shaking his head. He was turning to the next nude 
when.
 
Never in her young life had she had such a decision. Surrender 
her mouth to his ass or spend a week doing disgusting things 
just like that and then do it anyway. Her mind reeled. 
 
She heard herself pleading "NO! NO! Please let me.. I do it!! 
Please I have never done this but I will. Please let me try.."
 
Her stomach rumbled but she resolved to do it or die trying.
 
"I'll let you try. I'll even, make some allowances for your 
inexperience but I want enthusiasm. You better jump right in 
there now and do a good job." he said "Remember I'm giving you a 
second chance. Now I like lots of that nice warm tongue.. in 
there really deep.. Now get to it bitch..."
 
 The 
master thought.
 
Mae Ling went to her knees and waited as he lowered his pants for 
her task to begin.
 
"Now Mae lets see how good you can be." He ordered. "Just jump 
right in there. Remember lots of enthusiasm." He lowered his pants
and underwear and turned his back to her. He bent over and waited.
 
She looked like she was about to swallow a bug. She sobbed. One 
of the boys shoved her face into the dank sweaty crack for her 
new life to begin. It took all her will power to hold her breadth 
and stick out her tongue. At first contact she begin her new life.
 
"Faster Mae. Move your head up and down. Get the whole crack
clean. Don't just stay in one place. Anything you find ... just 
swallow it and go on." he ordered.
 
 She almost balked at this 
thought, but she thought again of Beth's cunt and willingness to 
do it.  detesting her 
weakness she went on surrending some of herself in the process.
It went on. nd on for a long time, then she heard...
 
"Now do the hole. Lots of tongue. Lots of saliva for the next 
part." he ordered
 
She did as ordered as now the smell was gone. Only her spit and 
tears were in the crack and this made the act easier though no 
less humiliating.
 
The hole had an oily taste and the smell started again...
 
"Now French kiss it like it was your best lover. Show me your 
passion. Make me think you love me you little yellow bitch." he 
demanded.
 
She did it. She made her mind blank. She tried to imagine it was 
Tom. 
 
He kept her at it for a long time. Then he snapped his fingers 
and Beth quickly knelt before him. She captured his cock in her 
ovaled mouth and inhaled his sperm like it was the last drop of 
water on earth.
 
Annie and Constance watched and shuttered. They should look 
away. They should object to this disgusting spectacle but... Each 
secretly waited hoped to be last. As this would be better. 
Surely he would ire out. They promise to please him. And would 
get off easy... They be given a reprieve. No 'education for 
them...
 

 
"That was ... acceptable for a first time, but you will do 
better next time. WON'T YOU MAE!" he said.
 
She hung her head in humiliation but managed to bleat out, "Yes 
... Master."
 
"Good WHORE!" he commented as he pet her head. 
 
Mae cringed but did not move as the limp wet dick touched her 
cheek.  she thought.
 
"Now let's see this whore!" Master said indicating Constance as 
he pulled up his pants.
 
May was placed back in her place in line and Constance was stood 
up, ungaged, and freeded for her 'inspection'. Mae's crying was 
silenced by a slap to the back of her head and command "SHUT UP!"
 
"Nice tits" he said as he rolled a nipple in his fingers, "Turn 
around, bend over and show me all the works."
 
She colored but the unspoken threat insured her obedience. She 
turned a deeper shade of red as she felt fingers on her newly 
shorn pussy lips and formally private holes.
 
"This your right name, pussy?" He asked her cunt looking at her 
driving license and fingering her vagina.
 
"Yes sir...um...Master" she replied to the fingers exploring  
her vagina's inner depth.
 
"You are a hot one. Coming while little Mae here was doing her 
audition" he remarked. "Yes sir a real coming cunt here."
 
She would have fallen through the floor if she could have but 
this was not possible.
 
The fingers in her cunt moved to her ass hole and inquired, "Do 
you want to be educated or do you want to try out for the party 
now." as they explored the holes grip.
 
Trembling she answered "I...I'll do anything you want me to do,"
 
"Do you have any specialties... ass fucking, Cock sucking... Piss 
drinking..." he inquired as he was now toying with her little 
clit. Sensing the tension he gave it a hard twist.
 
Her climax brought her to understand that this was not a bad 
dream. She answered "I .... I once gave my former husband a 
blow job."
 
"What happened then? Did you enjoy the taste??" he asked 
turning her around. He straightened her up on her rubbery legs 
and started exploring her tits and clit slit from the front.
 
"I got sick ....and we ....never did it again" she apologized 
unable to meet his eyes as he examined her body.
 
"That's not allowed here Connie. Let's see how you work out 
here and now. If you lack the knack now, we'll arrange a couple 
hundred big black dicks for you to practice on. You will become 
accomplished in a few weeks. If not why we could arrange a few 
thousand more till you get it right. For a pretty mouth such as 
yours we can find a few dicks anywhere. Tom come help the lady 
out. She needs a dick to audition on." the master said holding 
her jaw in his hand while he looked over her mouth.
 
"You do wanna suck old Ton now, Don't you...BITCH??"
 
"y....y Yes Mas.." Connie managed to say still unable to meet his 
eyes.
 
Connie sunk to her knees and looked around nervously. She felt 
her stomach flutter.  As her tears began to flow, she ovaled 
her mouth and leaned forward to capture Tom's big smelly dick.
 
Tom grabbed her hair. Forced her mouth over his dick, saying 
 
"Make a lots of room for me girlie. I intend to try to find the 
bottom of this slimy hole. If one of those teeth scrape me I 
will take the rest of the afternoon knocking out each one of 
them."
 
Tom rammed into her mouth like a truck going through a tunnel. 
 
 
She realized and gagged as she remembered in horror, HE IS NOT 
CLEAN. Just then he lodged his dick in her throat. Now she could 
not breath... She tried to twist away but his hold on to her ears, 
He assured she was not going to get away till he let her. She 
madly began to lick her tongue over his dick. She hopped to push 
it out.. The maddening swirls seemed to convince him of her 
devotion to duty. He gave her some slack.
 
She struggled to get the dick out of her throat and looked over 
at the MASTER. He had Beth's modified cunt in his hand. She 
thought of how it felt to have her cunt branded. She stopped her 
struggling. If she did this maybe she would be saved that.
 
"Use more of that tongue, bitch, or I will have to tear it out 
to make more room. No sense in having it just taking up space, 
unless it works for us." Tom ordered.
 
Connie trashed about and worked her tongue and suctioning to 
please Tom. As she was rewarded with a mouth full of salty 
tasting cum she managed to look at Annie kneeling there with her 
cunt leaking.  
 
She started to wretch but the memory of what was at stake and 
she swallowed it all down. She could not spit it out now. She 
just hopped it stayed down... The results would be too dire to 
think of.
 
Tom kept a tight hold on her ears and using them directed her, in 
her task, that was to further cover his now limp dick with the 
proper affection from her mouth.




                              Chapter 5
 
After Tom was satisfied with her homage to his crouch, Connie was 
stood up, turned around, and bent over. He parted her ass cheeks 
and then speculated," This is nice. How many men have you 
entertained with this ass hole?"
 
This brought a fresh burst of tears but a slap hurt enough to 
reminded her that she had no privacy even in her most private of
holes, she had to answer this demeaning questions.
 
"I ..UGH.. Never .. I never did that." she stammered.
 
A finger forced itself into her hole, as the master observed, 
"This hole is real loose. Are you sure that you ain't been out 
here somewheres ass fucking some big dicks, you whore."
 
"No Sir. I am not that kind of woman." she said regretting it as 
soon as she said it. She was here, not by choice, but she would 
be doing what was required or... Well the thought of Beth's cunt 
was unthinkable.
 
The finger was torn out and stinging slap with a belt to her 
ass brought a cry, and she fell on the floor. She rolled over to 
try to protest her now aching ass. 
 
This resulted in a stroke to her tit causing her to curled up 
into a ball and received a few more strokes to her back and ass.
 
"That's just the kind of woman you are. You are a slut and you 
will now demonstrate your desire to begin your ass fucking 
career. Crawl over to Mike there. Beg him to ass fuck you, be 
quick about it...and then present you him with an open relaxed 
ass hole for his entertainment."
 
"Ahhhh OW,,, Please stop. Please stop. I will do anything.. 
Please stop. I promise I will." The words came easily to her 
lips. She had to stop the pain and would then bargain.
 
 she thought but when she saw Beth's 
cunt again, and remembered the sting of the belt on her flesh, 
she changed her mind. She rose to her hands and knees and 
crawled over to the man indicated. The cat calls and comments of 
the boys made this a very long humiliating journey.
 
"Please fuck me." She announced when she arrived in front of 
Mike, keeping her head down. Her embarrassment was supreme 
and she turned red but the sting of the belt kept her from 
trying to scream or run away.
 
Another stripe burned into her ass and the Master said. "You ask 
respectfully, and you specify the hole I indicated, now." Another 
burning stripe convinced her that she would do this immediately.
 
"Please, Sir, Please fuck my ass." she sobbed.
 
An other stripe to her ass convinced her to look at the grinning 
monster she was offering her ass hole to while begging... but 
finally she got it right.
 
"Is that ass hole tight and wet for me?" Mike inquired.
 
Another couple of stripes from the belt convinced Connie to 
answer the man in the manner that would save her further pain.
 
"Yes Sir. It is warm and wet and ready for you." She managed 
looking in his face.
 
"Now turn and present him with that ass hole you are offering, 
so he can decide for himself if it is what he wants to do." the 
Master demanded. "You dumb whore, I see, we'll have to wear out 
a couple of belts on this fine hide, but we have lots of them."
 
She had never done anything more humiliating in her life but the 
fresh memory of the strap convinced her to do it. She bent her 
head down and tried to hide her head from the degrading thing 
that she was being forced to do. She bent over and opened her 
legs like a bitch in heat... she hopped it was enough...
 
"Spread those legs ... Now reach under there and open them lips 
open them friendly as far as you can so I can see inside. ...
Wider you bitch, I don't care if it hurts. I want inside those 
holes ... stretched um.  ... That won't do.. they is dry.."  
Mike said, "Start finger fucking your self to get that hole 
relaxed and wet for a big piece of meat in it. You will have to 
lick and wet the finger as I want that hole moist."
 
She felt the humiliation of doing as the animal demanded but 
as her head was against the floor and her ass was still smarting 
from the other strokes of the belt, she did it anyway. She could 
not see anyone which was good and the consequences of inaction 
were all too fresh in her mind. She started to finger fuck her 
ass hole at his command wetting her finger a number of times to 
get it moist.
 
A slap to her ass brought her from her hiding place and the 
fresh command brought her new distress.
 
"Let's see some humping and hear some vocalization of your real 
feelings, whore. Pump them fingers in that ass and grunt like 
you already have my big wide dick in that ass. NOW!! Now ... 
Good.... Now use two fingers in there. Remember this is a really 
big dick you'll be getting soon. Wet then fingers and stretch 
that hole." the Master directed Connie on her own debauchery.
 
She was pushed to the edge but she began to hump and grunt like 
a slut, like they wanted. She wet two fingers and started to 
force then in her neither hole to what she thought was the limit. 
After all she had come this far and they would not let her turn 
back anyway.
 
She humped and grunted and behaved like an animal...
 
"Girlie you sure you never been ass fucking before?"
 
"UN  UM   UM  No NO Sir UM UM..." she uttered as she kept on her 
disgusting task to keep them from stroking her again with that 
belt...
 
"Well we got to be safe... Put in another finger.... Come on no 
topping... Just wet um and stick in three fingers..." the Master 
demanded.
 
She almost balked but the feel of the leather on her back , 
this softly convinced her.
 
She wet three fingers and stuffed them up her ass and began 
again to pump and grunt...
 
During her performance Mike had dropped down and now presented 
his hard on to the relaxed moist waiting ass hole. He pushed away 
her hand and played around with it for a while to center it. Then 
he pushed forward and in about an inch. He stopped there enjoying 
her distress.
 
Connie had tensed up and was holding her breadth, but when he 
stopped she relaxed a little trying to accommodate the massive 
new intruder. Her worked grommet accepted his dick head. When 
she gasped for a new breadth. Mike used this as his trigger. 
 
He drove forward to the balls in her vitals. He used her hair as 
a rein to hole her in place. She tried to fish tail to relieve 
the inner pressure. He held firm. She could do nothing. she 
quieted down... He then slowly began to withdraw... out ... out.. 
till only the head was there wedging her ass grommet open..and 
.....then ..... once again plowed the recently virginal ass 
hole with all his weight behind it. He stopped at the ends of 
each stroke to spread out his pleasure. The spasming muscles of 
her tight ass grommet brought him to a climax much sooner than 
he wanted but their was no stopping it. This tight ass would be 
useful so long as that degree of newness remained.
 
"For a novice. You shore have a talented ass hole. I shore like 
that trick you do with those muscles. I am going to get a lot of 
use out of that cute little hole." said Mike petting the now 
sweaty soothe white moons.
 
"Now that is an unexpected find, Mike. These bitches were taught 
since birth that these slits were gold.. and their ass holes are 
only for the most priceless treasure of all. They sell these to 
only the highest bidder. Give the rest of us nothing. Well that 
is all changed here and now. They are now our property and we 
won't sell um we'll rent then out to our advantage. Selling is 
soo wasteful. Especially of a resource like these. Then when 
they get too old or all stretched out, we then sell them to 
some broken down Brothel for donkey fucking. Larger and larger 
donkey dicks will just naturally find these fucked out whores as 
virgins. HA HA HA" 
 
Connie's ass hole was sore. She was horrified to think that she 
had gotten exited at this degrading act... and these men were 
not satisfied not even now with her.... Her cunt, even her ass 
hole... They were going to whore her out and then force her into 
a life of...  She 
was embarrassed and degraded, and.... but her spasming dripping 
pussy was still open waiting to be satisfied. OH GOD what have I 
become....>
 
The boys regagged her and fixed her hands behind her so she could 
not toy with her aching cunt.. She could only kneel there and 
dribble the load of Tom's sperm out of her ass as her vagina 
spasmed over its emptiness.. beside Mae to watch the rest of 
the show.
 
 Connie thought.
 
"Now lets see this last whore and see what hidden talents she has  
in that slit and mouth which we can use for our benefit."
 



                                 Chapter 6
 
"Why would you look at the tits on this whore." said the Master 
as he took hold of Annie's distended nipples and pinched them.
 
All the attention fell on a naked Annie, and she would have 
rather not be noticed at all. She was lifted to her feet as her 
further inspection was begun.
 
The Master ran his hands over her ass and thighs and lingered in 
his renewed inspection of her tits. He pulled them and sought to 
weigh then to see their marketability.
 
Still eyeing the nipples he asked, "A good ass fucking really 
turns you on ah bitch."
 
"You grew a nice set of tits whore, you must have rubbed a whole 
heap of sperm into these to get then grow so nice and big and 
round?? Didn't ya?? I am well pleased with them. I hope the rest 
of the package is as good. Now whore what is your former name 
before you joined the slut ranks for us."
 
"I am your slave Annie." she answered.
 
 he thought, 
 
"Spread your legs bitch so I can feel if...What is this?? Why you 
little whore. You have been fucking the boys here. Can't get 
enough, can you??" He exclaimed. "Why we got you just in time. 
We will get you more come than you ever could on your own 
and the good part is we won't charge you a penny. We will just 
charge for your services." He informed her wiping his hand on her 
left tit.
 
Annie was too humiliated to speak, she wished to shrink out of 
sight but it did not happen. Her cunt continued to drip the boys 
sperm she had gotten during her earlier fucking over he hood of
her car. She took on a deeper shade of red as the time went on. 
 
 she thought. 
 
"So we can assume you are an accomplished whore with men, good!
Now just what is your experience with women. I'll bet your just a
little big tittes natural. Why I think we can get Beth here to 
give you a nice warm live cunt to show us your stuff. She should 
be a discerning participant and able to evaluate your skills. You 
just go right ahead and dive into Beth's cunt. Show us your 
technique..."
 
 But one look at the Master and she knew their was 
no room for dissection. She was either going to do it now or she 
would be doing it for weeks on end.  she thought.
 
With tears dripping down her cheeks, she knelt and looked into 
Beth's smooth modified cunt. The angry red lines over the 
normally denuded pink lips did not look inviting. She had all 
ways looked away when she even came close to someone else's 
cunt. She had never even.....Now here she was going to get 
intimate with this **strangers** modified cunt. 
 
The first thing she noticed was the smell. It came to her and she 
felt sick. She looked back at the Master, hopping for a reprieve.
 
"I said dive in there, cunt licker and give Beth a little pleasure. 
She's had a rough week and she needs some relief." said the Master.
"Remember you can go along with her next week in her travels. 
I'll just bet you'll get to know that cunt real well them."
 
Hoping that she did not upchuck she leaned into the crotch of the 
other woman and reluctantly began to inspect the foreign smelly 
cunt before her. She was going to begin her lezzie experiences on 
this. 
 
Their was the scalloped lips and inside, when she parted the lips 
with her fingers, she found that Beth's clit had a ring in it. 
She saw Beth's clit was stretched by a small weight attached to 
the ring. Their comments earlier were not idle talk to scare 
her... These animals meant it. She might be ringed soon... too..
 
 she thought. 
 
"Now you've seen it bitch. Get into it. I am sure that you can 
get that tongue all the way to my cervix." Beth ordered as she 
arched her crotch to get Annie's face into her slit and she 
grabbed the balking head.
 
Annie wanted to faint or wake up from this bad dream, but it did 
not happen. She reluctantly unfurled her tongue and started on
her odious task. The taste of the sweaty lips was terrible, kind 
of slimy and salty... but their was no choice. The smell, kind 
of slimy was everywhere. The soft wet lips felt like dead fish 
on her cheeks as they rubbed her there. The ring pinched her 
nose. If their had been pubic hair she probably would have really 
been sick. But this she was spared.
 
"Beth is her skill with cunts like her experience with pricks?" 
the Master asked. "As you are now bi, thanks to us, you will have 
to be our resident expert till we get some bull dikes opinion? 
Now Be be honest..."
 
"No she is a tyro. Let me have a belt or switch and I'll have 
her cunt lapping with the best of them. She will gain that spark 
of enthauism when her back is zebra stripped. Just give me a 
little belt." Beth pleaded as she humped poor Annie's face.
 
This venous verbal attack caused her to get in the swing of the 
thing. She gave the cunt in front of her a tongue lashing and 
did not slow down even when she heard the Master say, 
 
"No marks now. If this little cunt lapped is really no good we 
can have you piss in her mouth, and we'll make her a toilet maid 
for the entire party. If you do not want to be consigned to that 
fate, you little Bitch, you better give Beth here the orgasm that 
I want her to have." the Master said poking Annie's ass with his 
foot.
 
On Annie's hearing of this she determined to give the best 
tonguing that anyone could. She forgot the horror of what she 
was doing. Through her diligent labors, she accomplished her 
objective.  She detected Beth's cunt flow and the shuttering of 
a girlie orgasm.
 
Try as she might Beth was not able to hide her orgasm from the 
crowd of spectators. She lost her hold on Annie's ears...
 
Annie drew back and sought to wipe her cheeks on Beth's thighs.
 
"Don't be shy bitch. That was good. Keep on till she has 
another one. The rest of your whores get in there and do Annie's 
nipples and finger her cunt. I want to see if you all have the 
right attitude. Give Annie's cunt a good cleaning so we do not 
have to find her whore's leavings inside it later." he ordered 
the assembled nudes.
 
Mae and Connie reluctantly crawled forward. Going for Annie's 
tits with open mouths. Like little guppies in search of a meal. 
There they reluctantly began to suck the already hard nipples 
and sought approval. Annie was horrified when she found her 
body beginning to  respond to the totality of these acts and 
the ministrations of her body. She too convulsed and had an 
very embarrassing cum for all to see while laboring in her 
odious task..
 
"That is better, but Beth see if she is really into it. Piss in 
her mouth now and let me see her toilette girl action!" the 
Master commanded.
 
Annie was soo far gone she did not even hear this.
 
Beth, was delighted. She twisted the captive head into position,
and then eager to please as a now faithful slave, she began to 
pee into Annie's open mouth. No small drops and stopping here. 
She took a long and fulfilling piss in poor Annie's mouth and 
down her chin as her oral capacity over flowed.
 
Annie was swallowed the vial stuff as best she could before she 
realized what it was. Then she battled to keep her stomach from 
upchucking the lot.  In her inexperience and horror she was soon 
covered with the leaking over of her capacity to swallow.
 
"Well that shows me that you all have the necessary outlook to 
audition for the new life. We will do an audition tape on each 
and get your charms recorded. Then you will formally signed 
over to me all of them. Then, for the chosen few, it's on to the 
party." the Master said. "The rest..... well well see..."
 



                        Chapter  7
 
                      THE AUDITION TAPE
 
Annie was set back to her place in line. Cuffed, and left there
dripping while the boys then went about the task of set up a 
studio replica of an office in a corner of the garage.
 
They collected Mae. Uncuffed her and took her into the back 
of the set.
 
A Half an hour later she came out and was put into one of the 
bottom cages on the horse trailer along side Beth. She was cuffed 
and gagged and would not look at the other girls. So they had to 
go to their fate alone with no fore knowledge.
 
Bart came over with a hose and rinsed Annie down.
 
Connie was next to go to the office. She too spent a long time in 
the studio. Then she was brought out and put into the third cage 
of the trailer again she was gagged so Annie did not know what 
was to happen to her in the studio now.
 
They came for Annie, stood her up, and lead her naked back to the 
studio office. Outside the office door she was uncuffed and given 
a robe. Her drivers license was put into her robe pocket and she 
began to feel, a little, like a little her old self again. The 
cloth covering seemed to radiate confidence for her..
 
The Master came over, and spread open her robe out of his way. He 
palmed her smooth cunt. She cringed and was reminded that she was 
not free to return to her old life. She was still a nude prisoner 
of these men...
 
"You are going to make a movie. Your acting debut, If you make 
a mistake.  We will stop the tape. Use a strap on your tits, and 
when you apologize, then we start over again. We have all the 
time in the world. So you do what you are told. Follow my lead 
and you will save a lot of wear and tear on this hide." He 
squeezed her cunt lips to emphasize his point and control over 
her.
 
She was petrified. Everything had been so normal this morning. 
Now she was going to make an audition tape for a this whore 
profession. This was not what she should do. She was not a 
whore. She could not do this, but the fingers squeezing her 
cunt lips demonstrated to her that she would do this.
 
"You understand?" the Master said as he manipulated her clit with 
his index finger, 
 
"Yes. .... Y yy yes Master...I'll do what you say." she managed 
to get out. "Master" she quickly added as the grip tightened 
again.
 
"Good cunt, Now you are going in this "office" and make me and 
the camera, believe you are really applying for a job as a my 
"PARTY ANIMAL". No shirking or we kick your ass. OK?? Let's do 
it." he said. He let go of her labia and went over and sat down 
behind the office desk. The robe flowed back over her nudity but 
it's former confidence had fled.
 
She adjusted the robe to cover her self and opened the door. 
 
Behind a big desk the Master looked like a busy executive 
waiting on a prospective applicant for a job. Their were a 
number of the boys with video cameras recording her every action. 
 
"Ah. Another applicant for the Party. I hope you came ready to 
show your wares." the Master said with a broad smile on his face.
 
"Yes Sir" she said trying to keep her voice from breaking up.
 
"OK. Open the robe and let me see the merchandise, we haven't 
got all day. Their are other applicants, you know."
 
She did and turned red as the covering was again spread open to 
exhibit her body for the video cameras. The cameras came in for 
close ups of her formally hidden treasurers.
 
"Show me your ID, your Drivers license. Get a close up of that." 
he directed. "Is this your correct address?" he asked her as he 
held the laminated plastic up to the lens.
 
"Yes." she said, turning red as the boys got the close ups that 
identified her for the cameras.
 
"Good. Now here, hold it under your chin so we are sure of the 
identification. Good. Now under the right tit. Just there
below the nipple. Someone might want to know whose nipple
sometime in the future... OK Now then let's do the left one. 
Those are nice tits, you grew there bitch...Now lower it down 
to the top of your cunt slit. Hole it right over your pretty 
smooth slit. Tell me now, many dicks this cunt has entertained?"
 
She knew she was going to be sick but she quickly recovered.
 
"Three, sir." she said holding her license over her cunt.  But the 
sight of the riding crop on the desk, and the knowledge that 
they would use it brought this information flowing out of her 
mouth.
 
"I love a shave whore. It shows that she like her fucking. This 
one really likes to let it all hang out. You can tell from the 
way it's worn smooth. Tilt the cunt up so we can see inside. 
Why she even has the stars placed on her cunt lips like we 
require. Good whore!!"
                       
"Take the robe off! Now turn around, bend over, and spread 
your pretty legs for us. Good, now put the license below those 
sexy lips so their is no question as to whose cunt this was." 
the Master said. "Some times we get the tapes mixed up in 
editing. Those marks you had placed there are a real turn 
on. I like them. We'll add to them in future."
 
Now her humiliation was complete. The camera recorded her cunt 
and their would be no question of her identification.
 
The little stars burned into her nether lips were shown on the 
tape and her license showed to all that viewed it, whose lips 
they were. Their could be no question who or what she was, for
who but a whore did a tape like this...
 
"Now rub that buzzed and give us a good show. That's a large 
sucker your got there. John go get a scale and see how big that 
thing is now and then let's see how big it can get when the 
little bitch rubs it a bit."
 
This was too much. She would balk, she just stood there in a daze.
The command "Cut" came. Then an underhand crop stroke cut into 
her hanging defenseless tits.
 
"AHAIIIII" she screamed.  She fell down and tried to protect the 
now aching tits, which had exploded in pain from the crop.
 
"I told you to do what was told you.  Now you will do it or do
we make those tits stripped like a red zebra....  Good... Now 
get back into position or we will stretch you out to give the 
crop a better target."
 
In terrible pain she hurried to resumed her former position. 
 
She bent over and placed her license between her legs, like 
before. Then she proceeded to grasp her clit and tease it to it's 
full extent. The burning strip above her nipples reminded her to 
keep at it as ordered.
 
John came back and placed the scale next to her now unfurling 
clit.
 
"One inch almost." came the comment.
 
"After the party tonight I think this bitch will be much happier 
with a nice big ring in that and a small weight to stretch it out. 
Why I bet that we can get it to two - three inches in no time at 
all. It is remarkable the lengths that clits can be stretched to. 
Especially if they have bigger and bigger weights added to them. 
Why their was that other bitch... last week.. looked like she had 
a dick there. Didn't she??" came the comments.
 
 she screamed in her mind. 
 



                      Chapter  #8
 
                    THE WHORES BOOK
 
"OK Bitch. Now sit on the edge of the desk and pull up your 
legs to your chest, but keep the knees open to show off the 
goodies." came the command. "Make sure the robe is out of 
the way for the tape."
 
It took a lot of doing but she finally got to the desired 
position,  on the corner of the desk, robe open over her 
shoulders, Knees up under her chin but spread for her tits to 
show through. Then she reached around her legs to spread her 
neither lips.. One of the boys took a instant camera and 
recorded her total assets then a 35mm camera recorded her assets. 
with numerous exposures..  Next close ups were then taken of 
them with the license taped in position. 
 
A big photo album was brought out.
 
On the cover was placed the total exposed instant view. "Now 
sign your name and write the date in the pictures border." came 
the order. She unwound herself from the twisted posture and 
began to write what was required.
 
Her most embarrassing photo ever was thus acknowledged by her 
very own hand on the cover of her 'Whores Book' ..
 
When this was done, they brought out an official looking form 
and placed it on the table before her. It had the look of a legal 
document like say a house deed or such.
 
"Print your name on the first blank line, Then sign and date it 
at the bottom." he ordered.
 
She did it and looked up. 
 
"Good. Now read it into the camera to assure us all that you know 
what you are agreeing to."
 
The form read:
 
              "  CONTRACT FOR APPRENTICE PARTY ANIMALS  "
 
I. Annie Thomas, am a whore. 
 
My cunt is totally out of control, and I am deeding it over to 
you for my own good. 
 
I further give you complete control to my body. my cunt, ass, 
mouth, tits, and anything else you want to use.
 
I am to be trained to be a total sex slave. I will do your will 
and if I fail to please, PLEASE, punish me any was you wish.
 
I have some experience in fucking. Both cunt and ass, but I wish 
to get more and grow in expertise under your firm direction. You 
are to control access to these assets and not me. They are yours 
from this day forth, for as long as you are willing to train and 
own them. In future, if you are displeased with e, or feel I 
would benefit from some other owner, you may dispose of me.
 
My mouth has tasted some dicks, but I realize that I am not very
experienced, so I agree to need a lot of practice to bring it to 
your standard. Please assign to me the largest, most gross dicks 
cunts, and ass holes to further my experiences. This I agreed to
in order to prefect my whoring.
 
I have less experience with women, and even though I am not a 
lesbian, I agree that I need experience in this also. As with the 
above I deed the right to assign these task to me. If I fail to 
please I now agree to accept any punishment you decide.
 
From now on I agree that it is not my body. It is yours to do 
with what you want. I deed it to you and from now on it is 
your female body till you see fit to dispose of it..
 
As my body may not totally please you. I further agree I want 
any and all modification you deem necessary. This shall include, 
but not be limited to, tattooing, piercing, branding, mutilations etc. 
Do this when you and where you wish.  I need not be further be 
consulted.
 
This is signed by me in lea of the valuable training and control 
that I need . I will try to please you in all things but when I 
fail, please punish me anywhere, and anyway that you deem 
necessary.
 
To assess that I get the full benefit of the above I want all of 
the above to be filmed and I here by agree that all sales and 
viewing revenue of these tapes, films etc shall go to you to 
help offset the cost of my training. I will, by reviewing these, 
gain in attitude and deportment. The knowledge that others 
share my training will help me grow in my whoredom.
 
I further agree to sign over all my worldly goods. A slave 
should have nothing, should hide nothing and own nothing."
 
It was signed by Annie and then two of the boys witnessed it. 
Then a copy was placed into the first page of the album, after 
ten other copies were made. The original was taken away to be 
stored she knew not ware.
 
On the second page was a close up of her cunt, under which she 
had to write in longhand "My out of control cunt. Day one of my 
new Life!" Then the date.
 
Below this she had to write in detail the names, dates and times 
of the men who she knew that had been serviced by it. (For the 
boys she had to write UNKNOWN COCK PICKED AND SERVICED AT RANDOM 
with the current date and time.
 
She placed the picture of her lips on the next page and detailed 
the experience with Beth only a short time before. She added the 
name of the boy in high school whose cock she kissed.
 
On page four she wrote, below the close-up of her tits, "My Whore 
Tits before any adornments." This made her shutter when she 
considered what might happen to her some time in the future.
 
She was now totally enslaved. She had sign over all her worldly 
goods and herself to these cruel men and they did not seem 
capable of mercy to her.
 
Her book, the tapes and copies of her contract were locked away 
into the safe.  One copy of her contract was put into a folder and 
kept along transported with her. 
 
The robe was taken away and hung up. As her taping and auditioning 
was hot and horny work she had to serviced the horny men with 
her mouth and cunt. They encouraged her with a couple of slaps to 
her ass. After the robe was taken, she was again cuffed, gagged and 
lead nude from the office set to a waiting cage in the truck 
trailer.
 



                            Chapter #9
 

                THE FARM OF THE ANIMALS
 
The sperm taste in her mouth lingered even though she was 
gagged with a plumb type rubber device. She was forced to 
crawl, on her knees, head down into the wire cage.. The door was 
locked. The trailers doors were closed and locked, leaving 
her and the others in the pitch dark interior.
 
The four were all scared, chained, naked, sex slaves going to
their first party. If she had come across such people, in her former
life she would have been discussed. Now that it was her, and she was 
afraid .... and more sexually turned on than at any time in her life. 
 She wished they 
had cuffed her hands in front... Her clit ached for attention..
 

 
It seemed like days in the dark, hot, noisy trailer, but after a 
long series of learching and falling they finally arrived... 
Somewhere...
 
When the door was thrown open they were all blinded by the bright 
light. They were let out and yoked together by neck chains that 
connected them by their throats. This made them easier to handle.
 
When vision returned to them, they found themselves in the back 
yard of a horse ranch. Right out in the open. This added to their 
discomfort as the three had not been naked outside ever. When 
they tried to bend over to hide, the neck chain strangled 
themselves and the next girls. They soon learned to stand up 
straight and endure their humiliation. 
 
Tom came out dressed in black leather with a long whip.
 
Snap.... Snap....
 
With the snap of his wrist he coerced them to walk, then trot 
around the big training ring while the other boys again filmed 
their plight. One man filmed each girl and one camera was used 
for close ups of their pumping cunts and bouncing tits. 
 
Annie, as she had the largest tits, was forced to shake and 
bounce them till she felt like they might fall right off her 
chest. All the while the cameras recorded more and more 
footage for her exhibition tapes.
 
Mae Lee had to endure numerous close ups of her cunt slit and 
holes from her cameraman as she did not have jigglie tits.
 
Connie was forced to try to bounce her tits. But as they were not 
as big as Annie's, she was constantly getting them slapped to try 
harder. The boys seemed determined to make the smaller organs 
flop just like the bigger ones.
 
After about an hour in the open the new 'fillies' were lead into 
the barn and chained to a wash rack. There two other denuded 
slaves waited with hoses and bristle brushes. The hoses had long 
brass nozzles and only cold water. (Why waste hot water on 
slaves?)
 
Each apprentice whore was douched out with the cold water first 
to "cool" them down. It brought about violent spasms from the 
girls and they were so cowed by this that the wash down like a 
horse was endured in silence. They did not want the hoses back in 
their cunts again and submitting meekly might guarantee this.
 
The crotch areas came in for thorough scrubbing with the bristle 
brushes. This brought about a rise of pink pussy meat as their 
was no hair to protect them now. Again they endured for fear of 
the cold water douche...
 
Next the girls pussies were thoroughly inspected by the boys with 
a camera, magnifying glasses and tweezers. Any remaining hair in 
this sensitive area was torn out.
 
Brad, as she was his 'Animal' did Annie's pussy. She endured a lot 
of pain to denude the folds of her lips. Then too, around her ass 
hole was particularly painful. Then Brad to make his pussy look 
better gave it a mild acid rinse, this to lighten dark inner skin.
 
She now was lead with the rest to a stage in the back of the 
Barn. Beth gave a demonstration of what was going to be required 
of them for the displaying of their treasures to the audience due 
here shortly.
 
Beth walked to elevated center stage behind the Masters lowered 
podium and bent forward and down to hang her tits out into his 
hand. After he fondled them, and released her fleshy orbs. She 
straightened up and she grabbed the railing behind her. She 
spread her legs wide and squatted down. She further spread her 
knees open so that her cunt, clit and all were open to the 
audience sight. Her little ring, in her fold, hung down and 
gleamed in the harsh spotlight.
 
The Master toyed with her dangling little weighed ring and then 
stuck his finger inside her. She was ordered to squeeze and he 
seemed satisfied with her. When he withdrew his finger releasing 
her, she stood up.
 
She then turned around bent over and spread her legs again so 
that now her neither hole was displayed for all to see. The 
Master fingered this too and then withdrew his finger.
 
She then turned back and, when presented with his finger, 
sucked it clean of her traces. 
 
"Now this is the routine that each of you will do tonight for
my guests. We will practice it now, till we get it right.... OK?" 
 
This was the way that each of them was going to be displayed 
tonight for the crowd so they had to practice the routine. They 
went over it many times and every time a balk was detected they 
were encouraged with a slap to the side of the tit or other 
offending body part.
 
Finally they were lead back to the wash rack again where another 
impersonal scrubbing was done. This time, the slaves went about 
making up the new comers. Their hair was cut short and dried and 
styled. Their nipples and both set of lips were brightened with 
an iridescent shade of red. Their cheeks were coated to heighten 
contrast and the inner crotch was coated with iridescent purple.
 
Glitter was added to around their eyes, chest, and legs to add to 
their allure. Annie would have been happy for all the attention if 
clothes were included. As it was she was just another naked sex 
slave/whore being prepared for her customers. 
 
A four inch high black nylon collar was locked to each girls 
neck.  Their only covering.
 
"These collars contained microphones and electrodes." he said,
"The microphones will keep us informed of your conversations and 
after your performance if we find any problems we will punish you 
and make you the sorriest whore in this world. The electrodes will 
'remind you' immediately if you are failing your whoredom."
 
"You will do the required poses and then you will go to the 
display table for examination, and to await selection."
 
"As the contracts say all this flesh belongs to me.' he said 
running his hand over MAe's smooth round boyish ass. "You have 
no part in any of that. As your contract states, I will rent
it to anyone, I want to and you will do, with it what I rented 
it for. Their will be no sniveling, no slacking. If you do I will 
have the doctor take a tuck in the cunt and ass and then next 
time you will have the experience a virgin break in every night. 
Or else I will send you to a group of sadistic clients for their 
attentions. Some of them are really creative with... Well let's 
not even think of that.... NOW!"
 
"Their is nothing more dick hardening than a group of whores 
chained together, made up like you. Now get out there and do some 
good whoring with my female bodies. Make me proud of my little 
whores."
 



                          Chapter # 10
 
                DISPLAYING THE MERCHANDISE
 
The slaves were joined by six other female whores. The new ones 
were made up the same and attached along the chain. They were all 
held in a dark are, back stage, waiting for the party to begin.
 
A growing noise level told them all that the audience for their 
first "Party" was arriving and being greeted by the boys. They 
cowered in their painted nudity hoping this was a bad dream and 
they would wake up and find they were home safe in their beds.
 
This did not happen. At precisely eight o'clock the curtain went 
up and the line of nude female slaves were dragged up to the 
brightly lit stage for their exhibition. Beth lead the line.
 
"Ladies and Gentlemen I am again happy to present to you my 
selection of "Party Animals" for this evening. They have all come 
here to service you in your every desire. No need to be shy, these 
fillies, recruited from the ends of the earth will satisfy you, or 
we will find you one that will."
 
"Why just look at how they are made up. Everyone has a shaved 
slit. So they will not hide anything from you, their temporary 
owners."
 
"Take my word for it. They will do it all and they will be happy 
only with your satisfaction, or we will get you one that will 
make you happy. No desire or perversion is beyond these whores."
 
"The customer is all ways right here and they know it. I, and 
they, would not have it any other way."
 
"You report any and all complaints to me or one of my men and we 
will make it right for you."
 
"Now let me present the slits that we have on display here."
 
Beth did the drill. She put her tit in his hand and he, this time,
caught the nipple, and twisted it like he was changing stations 
on an old radio.
 
"Beth here is a little masochist. She was a little on the snotty 
side by nature till we brought that out of her. See how she likes 
to have her tits pulled. This increases her worth to us. Soon she 
will be able to show you more pleasure with her bigger softer 
tities stretched out to here."
 
He let go of her tit and she assumed the second position, giving 
the audience a beaver shot, if their had been hair. As it was she 
was just a naked purple painted cunt shown to all in the audience.
 
"She insisted that we scallop the edges of her cunt and then the 
ring was added at her insistence. She also has a snapping pussy 
if you wish this of her."
 
When his finger was removed from her cunt she turned and 
presented her ass hole, for all to see. He stuck in his fingers.
 
"This again has been stretched to assure that the biggest of you 
can be accommodated.... Comfortably...."
 
He removed his fingers and she turned around and accepted his 
fingers in her mouth and began to slide her lips up and down 
them suggestively.
 
"Need I say that she sucks both cocks, and cunts like a dream. 
Why this little "Animal" will drain your balls, or dry your cunt 
like you always dreamed. Let's hear it for our first little 'Party 
Animal'". he said.
 
The crowd gave a rousing cheer and Beth  was lead away to a 
display table.
 
The show went on....
 
Annie was next. She knew she was going to be sick. She wished 
she could faint but they had been warned. Disturb the spectacle 
and their would be dire consequences, so she stepped forward to 
endured the humiliation of her exhibition.  She 
stepped forward bent over and put her right tit in the Masters 
hand as required.
 
"This soft cushy tit belongs to me now. It's former owner signed 
it to me this very afternoon. The two of them will give pleasure 
to you and me for a long time. Why I may, when I'm tired of them, 
have them cutoff and mounted on my wall. As I said I have the 
deed to this little bitch and all of it is mine, and of course for 
rent to you."
 
Twisting her nipple he smiled at the crowd, but finally let go. In pain, 
she went to the open cunt position. Now she had shown all of them her 
painted sex. They saw that she was female. Their could be no doubt. Her 
bright purple painted inside lips clearly showed her large sensitive clit 
hanging down to all present.
 
"When I found this little bitch she was attacking my boys for the 
sperm in their dicks. She is insatiable. I think this comes from 
her big clit. Makes for a true nympho. Can you all see this thing?? 
I think, to slow her down in future, I will have to ring it. Elsewise she
might drain the life out of some poor unfortunate. Enjoy this unringed 
for tonight only." 
 
He finger fucked her cunt hole and worked her clit. The crowd 
watching, and Annie exhibiting herself, heated up. He withdrew and 
she stood shakily and turned. She bent over as she had been taught. 
And facing away from them she was able to pretend that she was 
doing this for Brad alone and this calmed her slightly. Then her 
asshole stretched around his fingers and he announced,
 
"This is still a real tight one. We have had very few dicks in here.
It will need many more to stretched it further. Any of you out there 
want the challenge?? I will make a special half price offer for 
this task tonight. For one night only! Any of you who have at 
least 8" and/or are at least 3" in diameter and want to help this 
little hole relax to it's new life, Why you just see the men and 
for 1/2 price you will get a number for this little 'Animal's' ass 
 
He withdrew his finger and she stood and turned. She bent and 
sucked his dirty finger clean despite her sick feelings.
 
 she thought.
 
"Of course her mouth is inexperience but she does have some 
lezzie experience for you ladies out there.  Any takers to help 
with her education?? She will be on display till the end of the 
exhibition so get your reservations in early. I know she will 
please you... I guarantee it.."
 
Annie stepped down in a dais. She was taken over to the display 
table. She was placed on her back. Her neck, and waist were secured 
to the table with straps. Then her ankles were raised to her neck strap 
and secured up by her ears. She was then forced to open her own labia 
to show her holes to the passing gaze of the customers, with her own 
fingers..
 
There she stayed, during the rest of the 'show' while a groups of 
'customers' looked in and over her formally hidden treasures. The
female 'customers' were particularly catty in their comments.
 
Suddenly a familiar female voice caused her more embarrassment 
than she had ever had in her life.
 
"Look John, it is Annie! Our snooty next door neighbor. Now you 
can really see if she is a 'tight ass bitch', like you are always saying."  
Vera Miller cried out smiling down with glee over Annie's 
prostrated displayed nude form. "Go on test her ass..."
 
Reluctantly at first, John put his finger in her ass and, when Annie 
did not object, he exclaimed "It is! It really is tight, she has a tight
ass hole. A real tight ass on this bitch." John added embolden when 
she did not object, and still smiled. "What say, Vera, why don't we 
rent out old Annie here. She is right here and .... and as I get her ass 
for half price. You ... you can play your lickie games with her and 
we don't have to break the piggie bank to do her..."
 
These were John and Vera Miller! In her former life she would not 
even speak to these uncouth people, Now, here she was displayed, 
nude, her total self, with her own hands, as ordered, holding open 
cunt lips and John's finger in her ass hole. She wished she could die.
 
"Why did you come here to be a "PARTY ANIMAL", dear?" 
Vera smiled down fingering Annie's clit. "That nice man made it 
seem like you are just a little pervert? Looking for dicks and 
cunts to service..."
 
Annie hesitated, but a shock to her neck reminded her that they 
were listening to her. She had better go on with her owners or
else....
 
"As he said, I was out for dicks to suck and fuck. They have 
accepted my body for this party and if I work out I will get all 
them I want." Annie answered hopping she had answered 
correctly.. Inside she felt a part of her dying. Hastily she added,
"But I do...cunts...too."
 
"He did mention cunt lapping, dear. Do you like doing cunts too?? 
I know John will enjoy stretching your tight little ass, but will you 
be as good a little cunt  lapper to me? I mean after all we do know 
each other, and I  so like to have my cunt tongue fucked by a nice 
naked bitch." Vera taunted her as she ran her hand over the painted 
sex.
 
"I am very inexperienced in that Vera, maybe you would be 
happier with another more experienced 'Animal'." She replied, 
but another shock to her neck made her add, hastily "But if you 
will instruct me, I will try to please you."
 
"It would be a big turn on for me to have your nose in my ass 
giving me a nice tongue bath. Yes I think that I will have a go at 
your mouth while John does your ass. See you in a while." said 
Vera as the happy couple walked out of Annie's tear filled eyes 
sight to arrange Annie's price.
 
This is the worst of all worlds. She had resigned herself to 
being a sex slave for now but this will guarantee she could 
never be free and return to her normal life. Her neighbors!! 
They know! Soon the hole neighborhood will. They will be 
able to control and use her any time they want. And now she
had to ... to... 
 



                       Chapter #  11
 

Her time on the display table lasted till all the other girls 
were exhibited and placed on the display table. Then all the 
customers came over and had their free feels and pokes. Soon
selections were made. Money was exchanged.
 
The Master came over with the Millers and announced, 
"You lucky bitch. This man has a large cock, and he has 
volunteered to help you loosen that tight ass hole of 
yours, and his wife ... she has graciously agreed to help 
you with your cunt lapping. Now isn't that nice?? Add to 
that they are your friends so their is no need for you to feel
the least bit shy. Why you just live next door to them, right. 
What a small world. Now you please these people and show 
then what one of my whores can do. I want their repeat 
business. They might even tell your mutual friends what a 
good whore I have in you. My business will double for this 
and the other cunts. I count on word of mouth advertising, 
you know..."
 
"I will do my best Master," she replied as he released her legs 
and then her torso. She got up from the table and tried to work 
out the stiffness from her body.
 
"Go to the wash rack and have them clean your holes and lub your 
ass for these nice peoples pleasure. My  whores are all ways fresh 
and lubed, for customers." he said running his hand up her now 
sweaty back like the proud owner he was.
 
"Yes Master." she replied. Head down, she hobbled over to the 
wash rack and the waiting slaves. They douched her out with ice 
water rinsed her and scented her body. Then one of the denuded 
slaves greased up her finger and lubbed Annie's ass, cunt, and lips.
 
The Master looked her over and ordered, "Go to them and be a 
real good whore or you will have a the whole week to reflect on 
customer servicing. HA HA. He told me he all ways dreamed of 
having at your tight little ass...  and now thanks to me... Go .. 
Go... Make him happy.. You beautiful little slut bitch."
 
She went over to John and Vera and reluctantly presented  them 
with 'their whore'. They eagerly lead her to a large reserved room 
in the side of the barn, locked the door. John began to strip 
down for the action to follow.
 
Annie tried to appear unconcerned, standing there nude waiting for
her neighbors to use her. But as the time approached she hoped for 
some reprieve but none came. When they were naked John said, 
"To prove your good intentions go over and .... kiss Veras feet."
 
Annie wanted to rebel, but the events of the day and the high 
collar reminded her that she had better do it now. She hurried 
over and knelt down and kissed Veras feet. When she looked 
up, Vera was smiling like the Cheshire cat. Vera reached down 
and opened her smelly hairy cunt lips.
 
"Plant those lips here and lickie, lickie." Vera ordered with 
a smile..."What are you waiting for, service my cunt. Annie. 
Have you serviced old Mrs. Fitzgerald.... or the Wilson's..."
 
As Annie approached Vera's cunt reluctantly, the hair was 
a barrier. As it was not denuded, it smelled terrible to a close 
nose. The odor of old piss and other body orifices assailed her, 
though it had no ringed clit, like Beth's, and the little button was 
not as hard to get at... But this cunt would be all the harder as she 
had, before, known and hated the owner. Her audience before
then were strangers, but these, these were people she  knew!! 
 
She knelt there starring at the hairy mess and thought  Her collar shocked her and this 
convinced her to continue. She opened her mouth, extended her 
tongue and went to licking her first hairy neighbors cunt.
 
The smell and taste were hard, but the hair shedding in her mouth 
was horrible. She almost gagged a couple of times but the 
consequences assured her that she had to do it regardless of her 
physical feelings.
 
"With some more practice she could get the hang of this. John 
bring me the chair so that I can get comfortable. That way you 
can get behind her and have a go at that ass hole, just like 
you've all ways wanted." Vera ordered.
 
She sat on the edge of the chair and ordered, "Do my ass hole 
first, Slut. Lots of tongue. Lick up and down over it till I tell 
you, then you can really concentrate on my glory hole. You 
will do a good job... won't you dear.... Or else... We'll ask 
for a refund."
 
Annie bent over and started to do the hateful task required. 
In her exposed position she felt a push at her pussy hole. She 
was thankful.  
She was soo grateful that she licked Vera with greater enthuse.
 
"My that really turned her on John. Annie your such a whore...
Now show me your love my pretty ass hole. French kiss  it." 
Vera ordered.
 
This was disgusting, but she did it. She stabbed it into Vera's 
hole and Vera tried to trap, her tongue, there by clamping down 
on the elusive wet organ. She was lost in an approaching sexual 
frenzy when John withdrew from her cunt. She felt hollow for 
only a moment and then he drove forward into her ...tight ...
little...ass hole. No slow, gradual progress this time. Just a slam 
home to the balls in her.....
 
"Her tongue seems to be deeper." Vera observed. "Or is that the 
end of your cock coming out her mouth John?"
 
Annie was not sure either. She felt as if she could feel John's cock 
deep in her belly. Maybe it was coming out of her mouth.
 
"Ahhhh Ah ahah" Annie managed on John's next full thrust and 
when he withdrew again her ass hole did not have any further 
resistance. Her ass grommet clung to his dick to help stabilize its 
fully stuffed position. Then a slap to her head got her attention.
 
"You better not forget me, your, mistress." Vera announced. 
"Lickie lickie....remember....you whore... you have to please me..."
 
Annie now corrected, went back to the heinous task with her tongue.
Combined with the stuffing of her ass Annie  felt the sexual fires 
rising in her guts. 
 
She came. Now she knew ...  she was really just a hot asses whore. 
To cum from these people, doing this...The Master was right. She 
was just a stuck up whore. Well she was not stuck up any more, 
she was stuck in the ass and liking it. Any normal woman did 
not do this, and like it soo. Or did they?? Her whole being was 
being destroyed with this. She was learning of the whore deep 
in her heart.
 
Shortly her tonguing brought Vera off. This was accompanied by a 
little piss and a flow of female honey all over her face, most of  which 
she caught in the eyes. All and all, though, she managed to satisfy her 
first customers and she even managed to come herself.
 

 
A knock at the door announced that the Miller's time with her 
was over and they reluctantly let her go with the man sent to bring 
her back to the display table. The Millers stayed to put on their 
clothes before they vacated the room.
 
Annie was again placed on the display table with her ankles 
secured to straps near her ears. She held open her ass cheeks for 
the inspection of the customers. She felt John's sperm dribbling 
out. It turned her on. It was there for all to see she was an ass 
fucked whore. 
 
A very fat men looked her over. He fingered her nipples and holes 
but went away when he withdrew a dirty finger from her ass.
 
Brad came over and released her from the table and presented her 
to the Fat Man. " Clean up his finger..Slut... Just a simple ass suck 
and blow job. Why you should get him off and be back in no time
at all. Now get to the wash rack..."
 
The trip to the wash rack was to insure the client of a fresh 
easily accessible, sweet smelling whore. This time as she had 
been pissed on, so they hosed her down all over. Why they 
even had her use mouth wash.
 
She was taken to another room and presented to her new client. He 
had disrobed and he looked like the dough boy. Everywhere their 
was white stinking rolls of fat. It discussed her. She, in her 
normal life, would not even talk to this tub of lard. But this 
was not her normal life, if that was every to come back again.
 



                                  Chapter #12
 
The fat white skinned tub waddled to her and began to slobber over 
her breasts. She was discussed, in her former life she would not 
even shit on this disgusting oaf. She started to pull back from 
him but the consequences stopped her. She clutched him to her
breast and waited for the slobbering to abate.
 
"What's a matter honey?? Don't you love me?? You want me to get 
another whore?? The man said that you would give me complete 
satisfaction or I could get someone else."
 
Her collar tingled and she remembered that she was not in her 
former life. She had better forget her disgust and get to this 
man and get it done to his satisfaction. Nothing less would 
be tolerated.
 
"No sweaty. I was just overwhelmed by you. Their is soo much of
you for a little girl like me." She reached down and took his small 
flaccid prick in her hands and began to rub the slimy thing. 

 
He smiled and sucked her painted nipples. In spite of herself she 
began to get aroused. Her nipples hardened, and his pudgy fingers 
moved up and down her denuded slit. This awakened her clit. In 
spite of her reservations even this fat  pig was getting to her.
 
He broke away from her, got on his hands and knees 
facing away from her and presented her with his fat white 
ass cheeks. "Let's get on with it bitch, before I blow my 
wad all over you. I know you don't get me off before you get 
to get a taste my sweet ass hole. HA HA" he said.
 

 
Peering into the dank, smelly crack, she  tried to prepare herself 
to .... lick this tub  to an orgasm. It was bad enough for her that 
she was compelled to be in a same room with him. To be  naked, 
but to be his sex toy. To be subservient to this disgusting hulk...
 

 
Reluctantly she spread the fat cheeks of his ass with her hands and 
stuck out her tongue. She held her breath to keep from throwing up 
and began her onerous task.
 
"Up and down. Up and down. Bitch." The tub ordered.
 
As she had surrendered what did it matter? She obeyed. She even 
lingered over the ultimate target, his ass hole. If she got it 
teased enough she might just get him off without... She dropped 
her hand from his ass cheeks and fished for his dick. She found 
it. Wedging her face in his ass she lowered her other hands to 
his balls. She fondled the dick and tugged gently on the balls. 
This had the desired result. The fat cheeks quivered against her 
face and the balls generated the desired fluid. The dick spat 
it's load into the sheet below him while the wale bellowed  and 
shook in his pleasure.
 
He bellowed announced that she had succeeded. She had got 
him off. Whores do that... and now she was to be spared the 
humiliating taste of sucking of this disgusting ass as he had 
wanted of her. 
 
He turned to her with a flaccid greasy dick. and admonished her, 
"I came too soon. Suck my ass again and get it right this time. 
I paid for an ass reaming with your tongue and I am going to 
get just that. All the whore tricks in the world are great but 
I am going to have what I paid for too. You want to throw in
a free hand job.... Fine with me  Now do what I want  WHORE!"
 
She was horrified. Her big scam ... her whores trick... went all 
for naught. 
 
With out another word, he turned around and she had to start 
again on his ass all over again. She looked at her customers 
disgusting  ass and knew what she had to do it again... and from 
now on she would do only what was required..
 
"No teasing this time. French kiss that ass hole and show some 
enthusiasm. You are a whore aren't you??" he ordered.
 
She hated it, but he was right. To him she was just a whore and 
he had paid for her. He wanted his money's worth and she had to 
give him satisfaction or suffer the consequences. She stabbed her 
precious tongue into the neither hole and began her task again. 
She again pried his ass cheeks open further to let her breath, and 
she again tried to get him off but this time to give satisfaction.
 
As he had just come, it would take a longer time. She should 
have done what was ordered the first time. They would neither 
relieve her nor grant her a rest till she did the task at hand.
 
She knew somewhere they were watching her... 
 
After what seemed like hours he again quivered, bellowed, and his 
dick shot a thin fluid again into the sheet. She had done the deed 
and given the customer more than he paid for.  she thought.
 
Jake came and took her out of the room. They went to an empty 
room alone. He made her stand with her legs wide apart. He took 
a riding crop from his belt and using upper cuts up between her 
spread legs while she screamed told her,
 
"Do what the customer wants. Nothing extra. We give away the 
free bees. You just provide what we order up. You got it??"
 
After five cuts Jake stopped and said,
 
"Next time I wont be soo gentle."
 
With her cunt sting he brought her back to the display table 
and she spent the rest of the night with her ankles chained by 
her ears, displaying her aching slit by prying open her pussy 
lips for all to see. 
 
The customers were waning and none required her sore cunt 
the rest of that night.
 
When the last of the customers left she was released from the 
table and taken, hobbling, to a small cell in the back of the 
barn. Her hands were fastened behind her back, she was forced 
face down and chained by her collar to a hasp in the floor. There 
she was left with a sore whores cunt to sleep for the remainder of 
the night.
 
This was her night time as a sex slave. She had experienced it. 
All of it. She hated it, or did she??  Every woman really asks her 
self   Well she had done it. It was frightened, 
terrifying, embarrassing, humiliating... but why even with a sore 
whipped cunt did her little denuded pussy slit run so when she 
thought over the events of the past evening?? She had survived 
it. 
 
She fell after some time into an exhausted  sleep with a feeling of 
horny tension, so sorry she could not get her hands to rub her little 
sex bud..... and disgust at her body for needing it. What was she 
really becoming? ...
 



                         Chapter 13
 
She felt uncomfortable with her hands secured behind her and her 
neck chained to the floor but the events of the day had caused her 
to slip into a deep drugged like sleep with a fire in her sore cunt... 
 
She had no idea how long she slept but she opened her eyes when 
the light brought her back to the real world. Soon rough hands 
grabbed her hips and positioned her ass up, kicked open her legs,
to anything wanted from her formally secrete places.
 
With her chained neck she could only see the floor in front of her 
while a large dick was position between her spread cheeks. She 
could only wait till it speared her open waiting cunt hole in one try.
 
"Your hold out on me bitch and I will introduce your ass hole to 
my fist. You can get me off with all the expertise you have and 
you show me how much you love fucking. Squeeze, push back, 
grunt, and tell me how much you love me for doing you this 
honor." the dicks owner, Jake demanded.
 
Her gentle lovers of the past were gone. She was a whore, whose 
cunt was owned by someone else so she had better get on with this 
servicing, before she got her ass fist fucked. She started out 
squeezing the dick in her belly with her cunt muscles. She pushed 
back and grunted from the feeling as the dick rearranged her 
insides.
 
"That is a little better pig. Now do it harder, I like my whores to be 
happy and very involved in their work. Now tell me how much you 
want my dick in that stinky hole there." Jake taunted.
 
"Oh! Fuck me. Please fuck me harder. Please sir fuck my cunt." 
she responded. She received a slap to the back of her head.
 
"That is not your cunt any more, pig. You signed it over to us. 
From now on you refer to that collection of slut toys we let you 
keep as "our's". You understand!" he exclaimed slapping her ass 
again and again.
 
"Yes Sir!!" she cried " Please fuck your cunt harder sir. Your cunt 
needs you wonderful attention"
 
He pulled out and drove into her ass hole with out a break in his 
rhythm. He sank to the balls with very little resistance. 
 
"AAAAHHHH! Ah Ah....Please sir go easy as your new ass hole is 
sore from last night." she begged.
 
"No pain no gain. Why those limp, needle dick fuckers from last 
night didn't get this hole a worked out to man size yet. I guess that 
I have to do everything myself." he said trying to open her up 
using his dick like a crowbar.
 
It was pleasant work ,for him, but he lost it and came for him, 
too soon, but these things happen. Annie felt as if a melon had been 
removed from her ass hole when he withdrew and her back was  
relieved of the weight of this gorilla.
 
 she thought.
 
He unshackled her neck from the floor and took her to a toilet in the 
stage area of the barn. Forced her to squat down and opened her knees 
wide open. It was then she saw that this too was all being recorded on 
a video tape.
 
"Now pea and shit for the camera like a good whore or owner will 
spank bad little piggy." Jake said, hooking his thumbs in his broad 
leather belt and smiling down on her discomfort. No one had ever 
watched her do her toilette before, let alone tape it...
 
It took some time to overcome her shyness but the sight of the 
broad leather belt and Jake's impatience convinced her to get 
with it.
 
Brad, the camera man through all this, came up close between her 
legs to get a good close up of her smooth pussy issuing forth piss. 
While Jake pinched her nipple to encourage her to get on with it 
she really let it out...
 
When she was done Jake took a garden hose and cleaned her cunt, 
and ass. Then he douched her with the cold water. In spite of the 
warm temperature in the barn, the cold water inside her caused her 
to shiver as if she were in the Arctic. Her smooth creamy white tit 
flesh has goose bumps from her discomfort...
 
Jake attached a chain to her collar and then took her to the back door.
Then out side. across the yard to a small shed. A small 'display' table, 
like last night, was in the center of the shed.. She was again fixed 
down on the table on her back, with her ankles up around her ears. 
Her head though this time was held up by a fixed pipe frame. Her 
mouth was stuffed with a large ball. A big mirror on the far wall was 
lowered so from her secured position she could see her owners new 
denuded cunt. It was spread opened and on the apex of both of the 
neither lips was burned the black stars. (That Jake!!)
 

 
A camels hair brush began to tickle her lips and holes. In spite 
of her shock and revulsion she began to get aroused. Her clit 
began to peek out from it's hiding place in the hood of her labia. 
She began to shake with the approaching orgasm when a pair of 
needle nosed pliers grabbed the little bud and pulled it to its 
maxim and then some.
 
"AHAHUUMMAUSS" she tried to object.
 
A needle appeared and punctured the tiny organ. She tried to 
screamed and bite into the ball. She tied to jump off the table, 
but as before, these guys were experienced and had fixed her so 
she would not interfere with their treatment of their new body 
or it's parts.
 
She was not sure if she had had an orgasm of pleasure or pain.,
but come she did. Her slut body betrayed her. What was she 
becoming? She now, through tear stained eyes saw a big gold 
ring being pushed into their newly holed clit.  A torch braised 
the ring ends together and now she was a ringed whore. She felt
her former life slipping away. 
 
"Now ain't that a pretty sight?" remarked Brad from behind his 
camera. "A ringed clitted, cock sucking , ass fucking whore. Why 
to think I found this little money maker all by myself yesterday. 
I bet that this has been  broadening experience for a know nothing 
whore like you, hasn't it. Bitch.."
 
"Now smile and when I get that ball comes out you thank me for 
fixing  this disgusting perverted thing soo pretty... " Jake 
demanded fingering her ass hole.
 
She was embarrassed, and furious, and ....... exhibited and ..... She 
wasn't sure what she was. Horrified !!!... but the blackened stars and 
the gleaming gold ring ........ She was soaking and not at all sure that 
Brad was not right. 
 
He grasped the new attachment to her sex, and stretched the 
wounded little organ to it's fullest. She had no choice. She 
nodded vigorously to keep him from pulling the aching little 
organ off.
 
"You really like this decorated cunt of ours?" he said with a 
little twist.
 
She vigorously nodded her captive approval, in her mind ... she 
wasn't sure but she would agree to almost anything if he pulled
her clit ring like that....
 
He reluctantly let the ring go and went about releasing her from 
the table. Jake and Brad pulled her to her feet and Jake attached 
a small chain now to her clit ring. He pulled and she followed like 
a new puppy on a leash.
 
"What do you say to the nice man?" Brad asked the hurting 'Animal'.
 
"Than.... thank you Sir..." she managed with down cast eyes perceiving
the chain emerging from her sex...
 
They had her kneel and pose with both men's dicks in her mouth
as she proclaimed her love of the decorations they had done..
 
The newly placed ring was then weighted. It's weight, though small, 
hurt her cunt when she stood. Then too their was the  humiliation of 
being lead like someone's cow that hurt her rapidly shrinking pride. She 
lowered her head and docilely followed Jake's lead chain careful to keep 
close and not get it tangled.
 
She passed Mae Ling on her way to the shed. She kept her head 
down and could only guess why the smaller girl was crying 
bitterly.  She had done something and  something was to be done 
to MAe's small cunt. A yank on the chain assured she did not stop 
or try to chat. The pain she felt assured her that the oriental girl 
had reason to cry.
 



                            Posted #14
 
She was lead to an office set where she saw a stool with a pair 
of huge dildows sticking up from the seat. She was 
positioned over the projections and ordered, "Get them up the 
proper holes or we will have to add new holes in that ass of ours."
 
She wiggled and giggled and finally got them in her cunt and 
ass. They were of equal size so she felt truly stuffed, like a 
Thanksgiving Turkey. Steady pressure on her shoulders insured 
she took them all inside her belly. When they were satisfied she 
was down on the stool and the prods fully seated in her, her new 
ring was chained to a link in the stools support.
 
"Nice and comfe? Wouldn't want ya to somehow fall off that." Jake
informed her as Brad zoomed in for a close up...
 
A table was drawn up, and her hands were released from behind 
her back. Lights were positioned to illuminate her body. The 
Master arrived with a thick folder and began the debriefing of the 
new "Party Animal".
 
"We have reviewed the tapes of last night and you whored fairly 
well" he began.
 
A scream from out back caused him to remark.
 
"I'm afraid that one of our new cunts did not do soo well. Well 
she will learn. Now to business." He drew out her Picture Album 
with her picture and name on the cover. Inside were the catalogue 
of her assets, now in 8x10 glosses, and a copy of the signed 
contract sign them over to him, etc. But now there were many more 
pages to be added and endorsed. She saw a picture of her with the 
Millers from last night. There was a picture of her kissing Vera's 
feet. Another of her with her face in Vera's cunt, and still another 
while John was sodmising her.
 
"Now you write down the date, the names, the sex acts performed 
and how much you liked the opportunity. Go on in your own words. 
If you are too shy I'm sure we can arrange for you and Mae to 
swap places for a while, then you will get another chance."
 
As if on que another scream rose from the shed. Annie willed 
herself to write down a first person account of the time with the 
Millers. They seemed satisfied with that. Then she turned the 
page and saw her pictures on the stage. 
 
She wrote "My first exhibition." For the pictures on the display 
table she wrote "I show all to all. I am in demand as I wanted."
 
The next page showed her with the fat tubby man. She wrote out 
the acts, as she could remember then and ended it with how much 
she liked his asshole. She could not remember his name so she wrote
she picked him because of his disgusting folds of fat.
 
She could never live if anyone saw this book on her exploits. She 
could never deny anything as long as they had this book with her 
pictures and the descriptions in her own hand writing. She was 
their slave forever.
 
More pictures of her with her twisted like a pretzel, sex open 
and fingers of various men and women in the holes. Here she wrote 
"Having  good time with the toys. I am the center of attention 
with my hot cunt." Her aching ringed clit told her that she was 
not totally disgusted with the things of the previous night.
 
"Good good," the master remarked, "Now we have to get you settled 
into your new life. Your video is being edited and you will be 
viewing it soon. Now the boys will take you home to get your 
affairs settled so you can make the adjustment as a pussy of our 
herd."
 
Jake came and took possession of her clit chain, released her 
from the stool and it's filling dildows. She felt empty inside with 
them gone and she had to walk bowlegged for a while to get 
accustomed to their loss. The yanking of her chain took her 
outside the barn and to her own car. A black cape was draped 
over her shoulders, and attached to her collar. Now for the first 
time on the ranch her nudity was covered. It felt strange as she 
associated her subservience with her nudity. Now with the clit 
ring's lead chain emerging from below the cape, she was 
reminded, she was still under their control even when most of 
her was covered.
 
Jake secured her hands behind her back to a belt tightened 
around her waste. He placed her in the back seat, belted her 
in and took his place at the wheel of her car.
 
She remembered her interrupted trip of yesterday. How different
now, now she was a  naked sex slave going to close out her 
affairs to make the condition more permanent. Two of the other 
boys got into the car and began to reach under the cape and 
explore her covered nudity. One pulled a blindfold over her head 
as they drove off with their partially covered captive.
 
She had hands on her cunt, hands on her tits, and she dare not 
voice a protest. She just sat there and like an animal endured 
the probing and pinching in the silence darkness.
 
When they arrived in her drive way the blindfold was removed and 
Jake lead her by her clit ring to the front door. He opened it with
her key and dragged her into her living room. He removed the cape 
and had her stand naked and opened legged on the top of her coffee 
table, in her own living room, while the boys looked around in her 
things. The lead chain hung down like a solid stream of piss from her
cunt.
 
He kept her in place by holding her nipple between his teeth. Then 
keeping the clit ring pulled up taught he fingered her ass. If she fell, 
she lost some of her worth, so she stood up and prayed that she could 
endure this till they were through with her.
 
This was her home, her castle. Now look at her, a naked ringed 
sex slave awaiting her masters wishes in this her own place. She 
would do anything that these men desired or they would do 
something terrible to her. She dare not displease them... Why was 
her cunt dripping?? She could not get turned on by this. Or could 
she? Why did her cunt betray her so?
 
One of the men came out with all her underwear. The panties were 
thrown into the fireplace. All the panty hose were slashed open in 
the crotch. Each bra had the tips cut out so the nipples could not be 
hidden.
 
"Now you will never wear panties again. Our crotch is to be 
accessible at all times. Our ring is to be swinging free 
whenever we wish to check on it. If we allow a bra the nipples 
are to be accessible but you are never to take it on your self 
to cove our tits without permission." Said Jake.
 
With a pair of sheers they fixed her jeans to show her how she 
could wear then. The legs covering remained but the crotch was 
totally removed. The sides could stay, but she could not wear any 
pants with crotches in public again.
 
"Now your bank books etc. will all be in our name. You will need 
no new clothes in your new occupation. We will when we feel like 
it feed you. As your contract states you are now and forever 
totally ours." Jake commented as he gripped her pussy lips. 
 
This produced a pleasant come in her. She was really becoming a 
slut. Any normal woman would be discussed, but she was turned on. 
She had never been so turned on, or come so much in her life. 
This past day had shown her her true calling. She would be the 
best PARTY ANIMAL these guys had ever known.
 
Standing on her coffee table in the middle of her living room was 
like she was in the middle or her life. She had schemed, teased, 
lied, and in general used her cunt to get her way and what had it 
got her?? Maybe this, while scary, was better. She just had to do,  
no thoughts, no schemes. She would just take dicks and wear um 
out...
 
Here someone else would be responsible. They owned her and the 
troublesome thing that had tormented her and everyone else. She 
need only obey. Never to need clothes. They would just get into 
the way of  her new life. True they had covered her to take her here 
but they had kept her under their control all the time. No hiding 
from the new owners. No more new games. Just obey and she 
would be taken care of or punished like last night.
 
They made up legal documents turning over her bank accounts, 
she signed, her car, she signed, her house she signed, everything
else, they would decide. Between sexual acts... blow jobs, ass 
fuckings, etc she signed the forms and they were notarized. Then 
a power of attorney was produced and notarized and she was now 
a true a sex slave to these new owners of her former body.
 
They then had her signed an undated set of commitment papers to 
sent her to a "rest and mental health" sanitarium if they wanted to 
in the future. This guaranteed a way to dispose of this sex mad 
creature in the future if necessary.
 
She was required to rub a depilatory  into her newly shaved cunt 
and it was then slapped it vigorously with a belt for a long time to 
insure that it was very sensitive to any stimulation, for a while 
she was to be only fucked from the back but they wanted her fuck
pad ready anyway. 
 
This was to allow her clit to accept the ringing, and allow her 
to get accustom to giving pleasure to anyone like the true 
'Animal' she was....
 
She was on all fours being cunt fucked when the telephone rang. 
 
Jake answered it.
 
It was a workmate of hers asking for a date. 
 
After instructions she picked up the phone during her fucking.
 
She answered as instructed, "No! No date! I am nice and naked and 
being fucked but I want more. I'll will await for you here for another 
good fucking, provided you can reach an agreement with my owner 
on the financial terms." Then she gave the phone to Jake who 
proceeded to rent her body for the $100. 
 
The guy would have probably put that into the date anyway and 
without getting any pussy. Now their was no deceptions. He would
pay and he would get his piece...
 
During the bargaining session Annie was turned to blow Jake. She 
got a thrill from knowing that this is how it will be from now on. 
She was just a naked 'Animal' for the Masters' pleasure. She would 
just get and give pleasure.
 
As she tongue swabbed Jake's piss hole, the Phone rang again and 
again it was another customer. As her mouth was kept busy Jake 
bargained her ass again for the price that the date would have spent 
anyway. She perverse pleasure from give his dick a hell of a licking. 
Jake had to put down the phone and bellowed.
 
"You better hurry up whore. I got you a couple of bookings for 
that ass tonight and I want you to do it's best. Now more feelings the 
molars or your customers, 'll wait while I spend the rest of the 
afternoon knocking those teeth out to make you a better cock sucker." 
 
She fucked his dick with her oral fuck tool. He took her ears and 
fed his big dick into her throat saying, "Swallow that dick you 
fucking whore." as she gagged and tried to make room for the big 
prick in her throat, till recently, virgin throat.
 
When he came again, he just let his meat sit there, deep in her 
throat, cutting off her air. He smiled into her panic stricken face 
as she turned various colors. She realized that he was in total 
control. She should and could do nothing. If he wanted to finish 
her, what better method than his cock? It was a soothing 
realization that this too was theirs. Only yesterday she would 
have been horrified at this thought but now it seemed like a hole 
truth.
 
"Don't just sit there whore. Slide that throat up and down my 
prick. Boy you are a dumb whore." said Jake with a slap to the
top of her head.
 
Annie began to slid her distressed throat up and down her owners 
prick and she brought him off again in a short time. She looked up 
adoringly hoping for some sign of praise or anything else. She got 
nothing but Jake's tasty sperm.
 
The door bell rang and she shuttered as it was probably one of 
her 'customers'. One of the boys opened it to admit her ...
neighbor ... Vera! She came right in, went over to the kneeling 
Annie and looked down at the 'Animal' appraising the nudity.
Suddenly something caught her eye. She stopped, knelt, and 
began to finger and admire the New Cunt ring dangling from 
Annie's sensitive pierced clit. She knelt behind Annie and 
could have been examining a new ear ring or necklace on a 
normal woman. But here she was with her hand in her neighbors
sex examining A CLIT RING...
 
"You really did it. Now she will have to take on the customers 
from the back, just like the 'Animal' she is. Too bad John had 
to go to work. I know he would love this." Vera bubbled over 
with her new discovery.
 
"We still have to mark her ass and start the hair treatment 
so you just go on back to your house work, Vera." said Jake.
 
"Aw let me get a little head from the whore. You said she had 
little female experience and I am willing to let her practice on 
my cunt and ass. besides maybe I wasn't done right last night..." 
Vera offered.
 
"You know that we charge for her services. You can sit on her 
face while Tom here does her hair for... let me see...$25." Jake 
offered.
 
"But I want another go for last night... You should really honor
your guarantees, you know. Beside I don't have any more money 
right now. Let me take her into the bedroom, I couldn't do it in 
front of you guys. But let me have a go at her for free." Vera 
demanded. "She does needs the experience. He said so last night...
Besides she did not do very good..."
 
"Well...I don't know... let me see. We ain't  got any video of 
her in some lezzie action. Your willing to do some 69ing with her 
we could film. We could charge it off to instructional video." 
Jake offered consulting his note book.
 
"What kind of a woman do you think that I am. I couldn't do such 
a thing. I am a respectable married woman, not a whore. " Vera 
blustered.
 
Annie said nothing. She was horrified that Jake would make her do 
this. She was not queer. She didn't mind the men. She could get off 
with men but Vera. She hated her. She wouldn't do it. Still... 
Wait a minute he had film of her with Vera from last night. What 
was Jake trying to do? Maybe he had something else up his sleeve.
 
"Take it or leave it." Jake said. "Strip down and start with the 
lezzie stuff or get out of here so we can do our work on our little
'Animal' here."
 
"Right here. In front of all of you? I mean I'm not a whore like 
her" Vera argued, looking longingly at Annie's ringed denuded 
cunt, but their was a wavering in her voice. She was turned on,
Jake could see it. Annie from her kneeling position could smell 
it.
 
Annie thought 
 
"You won't tell John that I did this will you? I mean if I want 
to use the whore without him being." Vera asked. "He might 
get pissed.."
 



                        Chapter     #15
 
As she wavered Jake released Annie's hands gave her a short riding 
crop. Then he instructed Annie, "I'll bet you she could be made 
into a nice obedient little lezzie bitch out of you in no time at 
all."
 
Annie was bewildered. She was the naked sex slave, or was she? 
After last night she hated Vera but... well was she up to this?? 
Then a sense of power from the crop came over her. This bitch 
made her crawl last night. This was her chance!! She could show
 this bitch who was a whore. She'd make this bitch wish she was 
never born.
 
Vera was shocked at his words and action. She started for the 
door but the boys blocked her off at every turn. Finally she 
turned to face the new threat from the naked ringed slave... with 
a crop.
 
"Strip bitch or I will beat the panties off you." Annie ordered.
 
"NO!!! I'm not like that....AHhhhhh..." Vera cried.
 
Annie struck her in the chest as Vera sought to turn away. The 
force of the blow and the place caused Vera to fall over and curl 
up in a ball. Annie rained down blow after blow any place she 
could till she became tired. Vera screamed, begged, and pleaded 
the whole time, but Annie did not stop as it felt soo good to be 
on the giving end for a change. Especially with Vera..All her 
fear and rage and sex worked out on Vera's shirking hide .
 
"Now get up bitch or I will have to ask for a bigger whip to get 
some real sting in that pelt of yours." Annie demanded.
 
A sniveling Vera arose, shakily... and stood there sobbing 
warily watching for her chance to escape further cuts from that 
crop. She tried to rub the hurt areas but their were soo many that 
she could not get to all of them.
 
"I said strip bitch or I will have the boys spread you out so I 
can work on those tiny milk bags of yours." Annie demanded 
indicating Verb's vulnerable and now sore tits.
 
Veer began to wail but seeing no alternative. she began to slowly
do as ordered. To have her tits whipped further was unthinkable. 
Surely John would come home and stop this. He would save her 
from this bitch and these monsters. She had to delay...
 
Her clothes were torn from the beating but she sought to delay 
in hopes that someone, anyone, would 'save her'. What did 
happen was; Annie flexed the crop and her other tit flared in 
hurt like it's twin. Veer screamed but one of the boys held her 
hair so she could not fall this time. 
 
"I mean it! Strip bitch and be quick about it. We will have 
customers coming for me, but I'm sure the boys can arrange 
for you to service a few after you make your first movie as a 
lesbian bitch." Annie said as she slashed the crop across 
Verb's belly, this time. As Veer had sought to cover her sore 
tits with her arm, but she could not protect everything at once.
 
"Stop... Please stop...I'm not that kind of woman. I won't tell
anyone just let me get out of here and we can for get the 
whole... Ahhhhhh Stop Please stop... Owwwwww." pleaded the 
half naked Vera, as she sought to get her shorts off while 
protecting her vulnerable tits.
 
When she was finally naked, Jake ordered her to pose for the 
running cameras and Annie stood by to enforce the required 
poses, with her ever present whip. Vera was not happy, but 
assumed the required poses to show the hang of her tits, the 
pink of her inner pussy, the inside of her slit and her fuck 
holes, cunt, ass, and mouth. Now the boys tied her hands 
behind her back. Forced her to kneel before Annie's denuded 
ringed crotch.
 
"This is to give you some incentive to lick and suck the 
practice pussy with no slacking." Jake explained as he 
forced her head into the former neighbors crotch. "If you 
waste any more time trying  to bargain, I'm sure Annie 
will encourage you with her whip. Now get on with the 
practice session so I can access your true potential." 
 
The totally cowed Vera sunk down under Annies cunt. 
Looking up into the waiting pussy, she thought  
The touch of the crop on her naked shoulder brought her to 
heel. She stretched up into the waiting pussy determined to 
make someone, anyone pay for this humiliation. for now she 
might have to perform like some common slut but soon..... 

 
If it wasn't for the continuing sting in her compressed tits and 
other parts she would rebel, but the whip was there and the men 
were to block any escape, and her hands were tied... The filming 
went on. The degradation was being recorded, she had no choice.

 
She nosed aside the pussy lips and was met with the metal ring. 
 she thought. She hesitated and 
the crop cut her back. Quickly she stabbed her tongue into Annie's 
pussy. Vera had never heard of such a thing. She hoped to lick and 
suck the clit and get this over with shortly, but what would she do 
now?
 
In answer to her hesitation Annie said, "I know you would like to 
stop and admire it but we haven't the time now bitch. For now 
just get on with it. Start licking up and down the whole slot, 
bitch. Then when I tell you, you concentrate on the asshole. 
I want you to really convince me that you are in love with my 
ass hole. In the future we will give you enough of then to 
assure you that you will get all excited just thinking about 
having an ass hole to lick. I'm sure you are perverted enough.."
 
Do what they might they would not get her to be that perverted. 
She was a decent woman. But she stuck out her tongue and 
tasted some cum leaking down from Annies hole.  Vera thought.
 
 she hoped.
 



                                    Chapter  #16
 
She licked and licked. The used pussy she was eating had not been 
cleaned today so it became her task to groom it. Vera could 
imagine no more odious task. The fact that her hands were denied 
her make it all the more horrible. She had to used her tongue and 
cheeks and she hated every minute of it....
 
Sure she had been on the receiving end of such homage, but those 
were just sluts. She was... well superior to them. She had been 
raised with all the privilege her rich parents could lavish on 
her and John had kept up the treatment. To be reduced to this was 
unthinkable.
 
She felt hands on her ass. Someone separated her buns and 
toyed with her neither hole. No! Not there. John had tried to 
and she had threatened to leave him flat. She stopped licking 
and started to object, but a slap to the back of her head and a 
touch of the crop on her naked sholder drove her back into 
her facial cleaning task.
 
She felt a dick forcing it's way into her hole. It pushed and 
pushed. 
She knew she would be split it if gained entrance to her vitals.
 
Annie sat down on a chair the boys brought her. Forced Vera's 
face deeper into her smooth cunt and reached back to spread the 
shrinking ass for it's further penetration by Tom.  Aided by this, 
spreading, the stiff dick gained entrance to this reluctant ass hole.
 
"Ahaaaa... " Vera reared up in spite of the treats to protest 
this new invasion of her formally most private hole. 
 
Annie managed a cross cut to Veras chest to bring her to heal. 
Then forced Vera's pained face back into her pussy. The dick 
in her ass forced muscle after muscle in it's relentless pursuit 
of a bottom that wasn't there.
 
When Tom had sunk to the balls he paused to whip the sweat off 
his brow. This was hard work he thought, but someone had to do 
it. He slowly withdrew till only the head remained inside her, 
paused to allow her muscles to relax, then plunged into her with 
all his weight. Truly a great feeling for him as her ass hole 
spasmed around his frictioning dick. His motions in her dry ass 
hole were beyond pain for her.
 
Despite the smarting chest she again reared and screamed. As if 
on que Annie got in some shots at the already striped tits. When 
she again bent over and covered her chest Annie continued on her 
shoulders and back to encourage her to go on with her tonguing 
of her own ass hole whileVera's was martyred.
 
"Stop...Oh Please stop... You are killing me, Please I will do 
anything..." Vera pleaded.
 
"Tongue my ass hole you slut." Annie accented her order with the
crop. "Never mind that slight tickling Toms dick is giving you. You 
should be happy for the any attention to that skinny ass of yours." 
Annie demanded. "Now you will have to get use to servicing the 
dicks of real men in there not the little neadle dick of that winp of
a husband."
 
"Hurry up Tom cream the bitch so we can get on with the 
preparations of the other bitch for her guests." Jake ordered.
 
Annie was too lost in the lapping tongue to catch the reference 
that she was naught but a pawn in this game. She was lost in the 
power of the whip in her hand and the domination of her former 
tormentor. She had never had a tongue induced come and it was 
just too delicious to waste on thinking.
 
She thought that from now on she would like to have her holes 
serviced by this bitches tongue. The uses she could put that 
tongue to... cleaning her after sex, a tongue bath after a night 
of passionate sex... etc. She would never use toilet paper again 
if she had the use of Veras tongue. She would make Vera pay 
and pay... 
 
A slap to her face brought Annie back to reality.  Vera was 
pulled back and told to drink from the funnel forced in her 
mouth. She started to protest but someone held her nose 
and she began to drink before she drown in the boys piss.
 
As the level went down her nose was released but the liquid was 
refilled to keep the taste in her mouth and to fill up her 
stomach with liquid. This will play a role in her further 
training.
 
Annie was covered with the cape and taken to a electrolysis 
shop in the down town area. She was uncovered, stretched out 
on a table and a lecherous fat old man went to work with a buzzing 
sound in her crotch area. It hurt her all ready sensitized cunt 
tissue but when she objected a ball gag stopped the protest. The 
machine was electrocuting her crotch hair, follicle by 
follicle. The new owners were making sure their new cunt was 
going to remain clean and smooth to excite the customers and 
show off the new art work planned for the creamy skin.
 
Annie did not know what they had planned for her private areas 
but she could not do anything but lie there and cringe in pain 
and embarrassment at all the attention that her formally private 
parts were getting.  she thought.
 
The denuding went on for what seemed like hours. The little hair 
roots around her ass hole were particularly painful. Throughout the 
session the old fat man got excited a couple of times and made 
use of her cunt and ass hole. Finally, after using her ass for the 
second time, the old man pronounced this session over. She was to 
be return in a couple of days to get any of the stubborn remaining
hairs removed.  Jake produced her own check book.
 
"Pay the good doctor for fixing up that slimly cunt of yours to 
it's sleek look. Make it for double his usual fee." Jake ordered.
"He did a good job.."
 
She wrote the electrolysis specialist a check for $1000. Not only 
was she being made a slave, but sha was forced to use her own money 
to pay for it. (It was in the contract!)
 
Jake covered her and took her across the street. She was soo 
scared that she all most pissed on herself. The cape flopped as 
she walked and if it flew open she would be there, on a city 
street, in the middle of the day, a denuded sex slave for all 
too see. She could imagine no worse fate in her life. Why did 
her cunt drip soo much?? What was becoming of her??
 
The tattooing shop that they entered catered to the S & M trade 
and had all sort of chains and whips as decorations. Jake sat her 
on the table in the back room and laid her out on her back. 
Chained her neck to the table and raised her knees up to a strap,
and fixed then so that they would be out of the way for the rest 
of the procedure.
 
Her chit ring was pulled up out of the way and the fraternity's  
sign was imprinted on the inside of her ass cheek. When this was 
finished she was turned over and "PARTY ANIMAL" was imprinted 
across both of her ass cheeks. This was permanent!! For as long 
as she lived she would be a whore... a sex save to these cruel 
men. It is horrible, or is it?? She must be going sex mad... She loved
IT!!!
 
Jake again forced her to write the man a check and this man 
required a deep throat blow job. She was soo into her new life 
she did not even think of rebelling. She now had no choice. She 
could not, and did not want to try to get back to her 'normal' 
life.
 



                            Chapter #17
 
Her trip back to her former home, with the timbling cunt and ass, 
convinced her that she was now and for all the foreseeable future, 
a sex slave to these men of the Fraternity. Her former wants and 
plans were forgotten. Her whole life now centered around her sex 
and the pleasure she was rented to get from and give to others.
 
No more was she able to flirt and tease to get what she wanted. 
They rented her former charms to get what they wanted. She just 
existed to do their bidding. If she needed any proof, just look 
at her clit ring, and her denuded cunt and the permanent 
markings on her cunt lips and ass.
 
Should she attempt to escape?? What could she do? She had been 
in bondage since her "procurement" yesterday, and the more time 
went on the more permanent the enslavement became. She had been 
an independent woman. Sure she used her cunt to get what she 
wanted before but what woman didn't. Now sitting here with her 
naked ass on the cold vinyl seat under a cape being finger 
fucked by Jake, she was not sure what she wanted to do. Her 
cunt had never dripped soo much. She had never come so many 
times ...but she had no control ... did she want to change this?
 
Sure Jake was a hairy animal and he embarrassed her but he gave her 
multiple orgasms like she had never had before. He forced her to 
do nasty things... which she grew to love. The Master, Brad and 
the rest put her up for display and rent to the all comers. She 
should be furious, but the comes she had had. Sure her ass hole 
was sore, but she would never have had the nerve to let any one 
use it. She would never, in a million years, have licked that fat 
mans ass hole, her throat was sore, and she had never felt these
before but they had made her.... She had hated it.. or did she? 
She had jerked the bastards cock off and squeezed his balls, like 
a wanton whore, and she enjoyed her power over him. When she
had him in her total control. Sure it was nasty, by her former 
standards, but now that she had done it, she now knew the 
feeling of power and sexual release. She was not the same woman 
as before. What was she becoming?? It was soo difficult with 
Jakes insistent fingers scratching her clit.
 
Her thoughts were interrupted by a tug on her clit ring and...
 
"Out of the car bitch." Jake ordered as they had arrived at her 
house. "Your first customer is here."
 
The black compact belonged to Bill Snyder, a coworker who had 
called for a date and been sold her servicing. This 'first 
customer' would effectively end her job. When he blabbed, and 
men all ways blabbed, she would not be able to show her face at 
there again and be taken for anything but a slut. A slut who sold 
her favors for money.
 
When they entered the door Bill was getting a blow job from a 
half naked Vera. (A chastity belt, that held a catheterizing plug 
in her captive urethra, and a thick black but plug in her ass 
insuring her total obedience and, covered her slit.) 
 
To the casual observer who saw her urgently humping her body 
on Bills leg and swallowing his dick. She appeared like any 
other sex mad slut out for that her next taste of cum. 
 
Little did you realize that she had been promised a long free 
piss if she convinced Bill to pay her the $100 for her mouth that 
he had agreed to for Annie's. The pressure in her bladder 
robbed her of any thoughts of slaking. She did her task like the 
her whole existence depended on the taste of Bill's sweet cum.
 
Annie did not know the duress that Vera was under. She marveled 
at the enthusiasm shown on Bill's dick. She had all ways thought 
that Vera was a slut but now she was convinced that she was a 
cock hungry whore. So much for her cool exterior, Annie now 
knew the truth about this bitch.
 
"Looks like you are too late for your first appointment bitch. Go 
clean up for the next one." Jake ordered.
 
Bill came with a roar. He had never had such a hungry bitch 
before. Her tits humping his leg, her fingering of his balls. He 
shot his total wad. He made a note to ask for this bitches number 
for future dates. This is what he came for and no bull shit 
either. No dinner, no games, just a hungry whore to drain his 
balls and go home and watch the game. The only thing better 
would be watching the game while this bitch licks his balls 
and dick till one of her other holes was needed.
 
Too bad that it was not one of Annie's holes but next time. He 
was shot for now. He pulled up his pants, tucked his flaccid dick 
in them, paid Vera to her great relief and left with a smile on 
his face.
 
"Call here anytime and we will have one of um do you anytime. 
Day or night. we have a never ending supply of whores for all 
occasions, and all specialties." Jake called to him as he left.
 



                           Chapter  #18
 
One of the boys took the money and lead Vera to the bathroom. He 
then unlocked the stop cock on the catheter with a key and let her 
piss very, very slowly. Every so often he stopped it and she gladly 
licked his ass hole for another short pea.
 
He drew it out till she would do just about anything. He even had 
her drink a glass full back to show her graduated.
 
Vera was very subdued and reentered the room with down cast eyes. 
All there knew her surrender and the disgusting things she had 
done to pee. Such a little thing and she would had giver anything 
to be allowed to do it. She was nude and was to be given to the 
men who would pay half price to help open up her ass hole toward 
the conversion of her third hole.
 
Vera was mortified. She was placed face down on the coffee table, 
secured and told to act for the customers or her nipples would be 
altered. Maybe they would be stretched and sewn to her chin. 
Maybe they would just be enlarged till they covered her whole 
chest. She was gagged and a hood was secured over her head. A 
pair of ear phones were screwed to the hood and loud music 
played to keep, her from hearing anything. Her cunt was filled with 
an expanding dildo to keep the focus on, the tightening up, of her 
ass hole.
 
Annie was photographed for her album to show her new tattoos. The 
start of a sunset was begun on her denuded crotch and a special 
design was placed inside her ass cheeks to show who she belonged 
to. This with her branded cunt lips were recorded for the album.
 
Vera's husband came over to fuck Annie but was enticed to help 
open up a 'new' 'animal's' asshole. Vera did not even sence who 
it was that took the first shot at opening her ass. She grunted and 
started to balk but a hand tugged on the right nipple she under 
stood. She began to push back like she had been told. She also 
squeezed her hole for all she was worth to get the dick off. Jake 
to get some more action out of her, adjusted the tape playing  for 
her to hear her own husband's comments on her ass hole opening.
When she realized, he was there, and he was plugging her, the act 
took on a whole new dimension. She was poised to rebel. But the
 tug to her nipple and the knowledge that Jake was in control of 
the whole situation brought her to heel. She concentrated on her 
'whoring' of her ass hole and hoped for release after they were 
through. She also tried to think of some way out of this.
 
Annies first customer came back in. He wanted his ass hole 
sucked as he helped bust open the new whores back door. Then
too he had visited the ATM for more money. For another 
time Annies mouth tasted an ass hole. This time she had the 
satisfaction of knowing she was degraded but Vear had had the 
pain. The man came quickly but paid extra to get mouth 
hardened dick for another shot at Vera's tightly treasured ass hole. 
The second time,really the third, took a lot longer. Annie was soo 
happy to be the cause of this hard on.
 
After the customers left, one of the boys greased up Vera's hole 
and tried it out himself. He pronounced it "Coming along, why 
with about a hundred more this will be better than her cunt.' Vera 
was not happy to hear this. She tried to object throught the session.
 She already thought she would split open with each stroke. She was 
being a typical winie slut, it did not happen split... Blead a little but 
no tearing.
 
Their was no great stampede for the whores in this residential 
neighbor hood, so Jake decided that he should bring the whores 
to a downtown brothel, where their talents would be better utilized.
 
He loaded them, head to toe in the trunk of Annie's big car, and 
took the 'animal's' to a new market place. 
 
He knew it would be busy night in the hood. Hoop Jackson's girls 
would be hard pressed to do the demanded whoring in the time 
alotted. Some new pussywould spell um... after all time is money...
 
Jake brought his "Animals" into the garage and waited for the 
guard to get Hoop down there.
 
"How you doing man." Hoop said with a wide smile. "My girls
is busy tonight...."
 
"Got some of my 'Animal's' that I could turn some tricks tonight, to 
make their quota... but you seem to have all the customers down 
here. what say I lend them to you for ....say $1000 an hour rental 
fee." Jake offered.
 
"Man, I' too busy to talk this kind of shit with you. I ain't 
even seen the merchandise and I never go for that price for 
Marlyn Monroe, herself." Hoop retorted.
 
"This is prime stuff. Fresh!! You'd be getting what you don't have 
here, two white whore. Both of them fresh from the suberb, educated 
and scared to death of Big Niggar Cock. Come on back here and see 
the merchandise you'll be missing, and then if we can't make a deal, 
I'll take my merchandise to Slim's joint cross the road." Jake said as 
he went to the back of the car and opened the trunk.
 
Annie and Vera cringed as the trunk lid rose and hugh black man 
grinned down at their defensless charms. Then they perceived that their 
were gathered around many black men all looking down and then feel 
their naked charms.
 
Hoop's men were impressed, but the price was too high. A more 
agreeable number was settled upon, after some discusion. The two 
'Animals' were then turned over to the services of the black pimp and 
his shabby brothel.
 



                                   Chapter  #19
 
                     The service of Black Masters
 
Annie and Vera were removed from the trunk of Annie's car and 
herded up the stairs to the top floor of the building. At every 
level their were gawking people eager to see the new whores in 
Hoop's stable. 
 
Hands everwhere. At every level the feeling, slapping, pinching 
hands examine the new ivory flesh that had been added to the 
inventory. 
 
Hoop lead the parade, like a proud father that had brought a new 
valuable addition to his building. He sensed a boom in business 
tonight with these new additions. Word would spread. These 
bitches would go home bowl legged tonight.... 
 
The top floor consisted of a number of small 'coops' for each of 
his whores. Ever the business man, Hoop, would doubled up some 
of his other inventory to isolate these new animals. Mentally he 
doubled the new stock's price and gave the word to his bottom 
lady, that collect's the fair for the uses.
 
He then had to stress his authority over the new additions. To 
insure this he ordered, "Bring them bitches over here Slick!"
 
Annie and Veera were dragged in front of their temporary 
manager for his inspection by a couple of the big black body 
guards and held up to preserve their helplessness.
 
"Now I want this understood. I know you's dumb animals to be 
owned by them ugly OFAY boys, but you is here now. You is 
going to get the chance of your life to show your worth with a 
bunch of nice nigger cocks. I'm going to see to it that your 
techniques improve. If that is not the case I am going to use 
this to encourage you to better technique." he said, holding 
a well used pimp whip (a metal coat hanger twisted in his huge 
hand.)
 
"Maybe a one or two love taps across your tits will cure you of a 
lot bad ideas before they occur to you'll dumb animals. What do 
you think??" he went on.
 
As they were still gagged. They both shook their heads no, 
EMPHATICALLY NO!!!!!!
 
             Wapp ... Wapp ... 
 
Each girl received a cut across a naked tit. A pair of big black 
hands held them still so the defenseless tits were still available 
to the weapon should Hoop decide more was needed.
 

"Wrong answer!" he explained to the owners of the aching tits. 
 
"When I ask you anything the answer is yes. Boy you is dumb 
bitches. Then white boys let you sluff off, but I don't allow my 
stock to forget their place."
 
"Now let's try again, and we can do this all night till I get the 
right answer, Does you'll think that we should try a couple of 
taps to your utters to convince you of your place and proper 
attitude?"
 
What was the correct answer?? "YES" brought another hit from the 
whip to her tit but "NO" did the same thing. Only "YES" might 
bring an end, while a "NO" would guarantee a continuation 
of this session.
 
The new whores nodded "YES" and received the prescribed contact 
to their naked already stinging chests.
 
"Now that will happen whenever you're attitude or performance is 
found lacking. Now I want to see if these whores have enough 
depth to take so really long, thick niggar cock. Bobbie... you 
and Sam start these bitches off. See if they deep throat well 
enough for our exacting customers."
 
"Wanda... get the video camera out. The white boys want some 
footage of this for their memories files. Why these fillies can 
relive their wonderful fulfillment long after their throats are all 
fucked out."
 
The gags were removed and the girls were positioned on their 
knees before some black men.
 
"Now ask them nice men to fuck your throats, or do we have to 
teach some more dumb dumb lesions?" Hoop asked.
 
This can not be happening Annie thought. naked, on her knees in  
black brothel, who knows where and now forced to beg for a 
black buck to sodimise her throat. But what was the alternative??
 
"Please Sir.. let me fuck you with my throat..." Annie croaked.
 
"Wanda did you get that??" Hoop inquired.
 
"I think the audio is too low." Wanda answered.
 
"Once more bitch, and this time, as they say in Hollywood, with 
feeling" Hoop ordered. Then he bent down and smacked Vera's 
tits, adding "Don't you lag back now bitch, you ask real nice and 
speak right up there."
 
Vera screamed and started to babble and was taken into the back 
for some more convincing.
 
Amid the screams and slapping of the pimp whip on tender breast 
flesh, Annie recited her piece and captured the long, thick, 
black dick and started her 'new job'. She took it in to her mouth 
and attempted to wet it down  for the coming descent into her 
throat.
 
"Boss, this whore is getting to me. That tongue has me all 
excited. Can I fuck it down to her ass hole instead??" 
Bobbie inquired.
 
"Nigger you hold your cock out and let the bitch swallow it. I 
what her to demonstrate her technique. Why this one is a find 
and I want's to stretch her potential." Hoop demanded.
"You'll just reach down there and play with the bitches nipples. 
I bet we can get her to come herself when the right time comes. 
This is a real find a whore who likes her work. She done be all
spiffied up with that slick pussy and markings. I think's I have 
my stable done like this one real damn soon."
 
"Wanda set the camera on the table, and be pulling on that cute 
clit ring she got. We got us a natural here boys."
 
Wanda set the camera to record and began to tug on the pierced 
clit. Her jealousy showed but she dare not pill too hard as Hoop 
would cut her face if she damaged his new star. She hated this 
new bitch but she had to bide her time.
 
Annie struggled with the embarrassment of the blacks, the 
'voluntary' inhalation of the black dick, the demanding hands on 
her sore nipples, and now the tugging of her formally hooded 
treasure. The pain and embarrassment only added to her confused
state. She could not stop the build up of sexual arousal, and it 
horrified her
 
She tried to scream, but Bobbie took the lead and forced the 
last of his 10 inches into her throat. Her struggles were taken 
as the fit of passion, and  they were a fine sight for her 
audience of whores, customers, and even the children of the 
building. Her coming out was a community activity that with the 
video would be talked of for some time. Hoop beamed and, ever 
the showman he sought to lengthen the time.
 
"Hold up there Bobbie... Pull that dick out of her mouth." Hoop 
ordered holding  butcher knife over the dick. "Pull it out man...
or I cut the dam thing off .....NOW!!! Damn it niggar when I say
out you get it out...."
 
Bobbie, slow at first, hastened to obey with the knofe as stimulus, 
but complained "Oh Man, What you want to go and spoil my cum 
for?? I get;s it ready to get a nut and you be doing that shit..."
 
"I want you to check out her ass now while I explores the top 
end. You's got to learn how to treat these whores. Make them 
work it up ... then take it out .... and make up work it again ... and
again.... till YOU IS READY... Right now I isn't ready, and she be 
my whore." Hoop replied as he positioned his dick at her mouth.
 



                            Chapter  #20
 
Annie, robbed of her coming cum, grunted at Bobbies invasion of 
her ass. But her open mouth was quickly filled by Hoops long 
skinny shitty dick. Another pair of hands grabbed her tender nips 
and her excitement built again. The tug to her ring was hard and 
she sought to stop it. A slap to the back of her head stopped 
her.
 
"You concentrate on the servicing of your customers, bitch. Wanda 
know she break my toy, I break her soo bad she never gone to forget 
her sins. Ain't that right Wanda??" Hoop asked.
 
"I's just doing what you tell me. I don't be doing nothing you 
not told me." Wanda answered looking up fearfully. 
 
Her eyes wide with fear. Had she gone too far. She still 
remembered the hot oil douche from the last time she had "DONE 
WRONG" as Hoop had told her. The gasoline Enema that followed 
would have permanently cured her if she had not promised to obey 
and convinced Hoop to stop there. She hurt, really hurt, inside 
for a month. She eased up. She hoped Hoops dick strangled this 
bitch, or Bobies tore her up but she eased up and only masturbated 
the bitch's ring.
 
Annie came and came but she worked those black dicks like a good 
whore should. After what seemed like eternity Hoop ordered,
 
"Now Nigger lets come together, and blow this bitches insides 
out, Now!!!"
 
Bobbie needed no further encouragement. He had strained to remain 
with it this long. He felt like a gallon flowed into her bowels.
 
Annie collapsed from her cums and works, but Hoop grabbed her hair 
and dragged her to her feet. He threw her to Wanda and ordered.
 
"Ice cold shower with the Lysol soap outside, don't be getting it 
in her eyes and ice douche her so her first paying customer gets a 
new fresh whore."
 
Wanda thought "I don't be no ladies maid. I drowned this bitch.. 
No I give her a ice enema. That wake the bitch up." She dragged 
Annie to the fix up room and started her tasks. No outer 
complaints. Hoop would quickly crush any slacking on her part. 
 
Annie was shackled to the wall and doused with the ice cold 
water. She started to shiver and scream louder than Vera in the 
front room. The following caustic soap caused a cherry red glow 
to her skin, that almost took the cold away. She noticed that the 
black bitch was wearing rubber gloves so as not to burn her own
hands.
 
Wanda went over, got the gallon bag filled it with ice and cold 
water, put on the douche nozzle and stood on the ladder to attach 
it to the ceiling hook. Then she forced it up the slick denuded 
cunt. She smiled at the screams as she released the clamp. 
 
 thought Wanda as she took the douche nozzle from Annie's 
cunt and rammed it deep into her ass.
 
Annie went in to spasms. She could not scream. The cold, the 
burning on her skin, and the further cold attack in her cunt and 
now her intestines. she slipped from consciousness.
 
Annie awoke in a tub of warm lavender selling bath water, being 
gently brought back to the world. Cindy was stroking her head and 
tits.
 
Wanda, she later learned, had fallen into disfavor for her 
mistreatment of Annie. As Annie warmed, Wanda was rapped in 
bobwire in Hoop's walk in freezer. Hoop would see that 
periodically have her brought out and when she warmed, back she 
went. Wanda would make the trips many times over the next few 
days to insure the lesson had been learned. "GAL DONT YOU 
BE A FUCKING WITH MY WHORES" 
 
This would be engraved in wanda's brain... if she survived...
 
Annie clean and sweet smelling was taken to her crib and began 
to receive visitors. Her first was a real surprise.
 
"Hello Miss Annie, I works on your lawn for many years but I 
never new you was in the business. Old Hoop done told me you 
be a really experienced whore. Why you didn't tell old Sam? I 
done jerked off many's a night thinking of you. I aims to get my 
organ wet from your fine white frame tonight and in future we 
probably be working out something, sides money for your 
gardening." Her first customer began. "Now that we be friends,
real friends... you going to do old Sam a kindness and make it 
real good for him."
 
 Annie thought. She smiled and reached 
into the old mans dirty jeans. 
 
 went through her mind suddenly.
 
"I done spent the rent money and mortgaged my truck for this piece 
so you does a good job." Sam said smiling like he made a million 
dollars. "I like you'll smooth pussy... and the other shit... it be a 
real dick hardner for my old black snake..."
 
She sank to her knees and nuzzled the evil smelling but fat black 
dick. She had never in her life thought of fucking for her 
gardener, Sam. It looked smooth and of good enough length to
give her a real ride... but this was old Sam... It was flacid and
wrinkled.. To speed things up, she sucked in the wrinkled black 
organ and she tasted the sweat, dick cheese etc....  she thought. 
 
It remained limp despite her best efforts. She fluttered it with 
her tongue. Nothing. She forced it in further and swallowed 
it before Sams dick began to stir.
 
Sams hands pinched her nipples and she worked her throat on 
the dick. She wanted to get this over with. It was humiliating to 
be the sex toy for the gardener. But she was...
 
"Now you don't be trying to get old Sam off in that whore mouth 
organ I want me some of that fine white ass I done been admired 
for soo long." Sam ordered. "What it say here... Oh yea... You
AMIMAL..."
 
She let him slide from her mouth and got up on the bed on all 
fours with her business end facing the old pervert. 
 
"Now this be the sight I be done dreaming bout long as I 
knowed you. Now I know you don't mind, but as I be the 
first, I paid for the first, I going to see if it taste as good as 
it look." Sam said peering deep into her but. 
 
He bent way over, over unfurled his big, long tongue and 
proceeded to lap the leaking pussy hole.
 
He was good at this and his dick hardened even better than with 
her ministrations. This was his scene. He concentrated on his 
self appointed task and he had Annie shivering and flowing in
no time.  Sam thought.
 
Yes Sam liked cunts and didn't know his own talent. His rough 
tongue had Annie totally enthused. Had she known this befor now 
she would gladly spread her legs for Sam. Yes Sam had a hidden 
talent, if only he would take a bath and spruce up.
 
Annie was disappointed when Sam straightened up and drove his 
now steel hardened dick into her ass hole.
 
She started to object at the cesation of of the old tongue but this
was business...
 
Sam's disk was long and thick but Annie had been worked out by 
experts. She grunted and squeezed her muscles to capture his organ. 
It was too much for Sam. He went off like a rocket. 
 
"Till next time at your house." Sam advised on his way out. She 
was not disgusted now. 
 
 She smiled and remembered.
 
Her next customer  a tough looking black boy with a red bandanna, 
went to the chair and demanded,
 
"Whip that skull on me bitch, and make it good." 
 
She went over to him and did as bid. She went through the tasks 
required of her for the next hours. 
 
As dawn broke in the east, she and Vera, whose breasts were red 
and swollen were led this time down the stairs through the assembled 
tenants to the basement guarage. They were exhausted and sore whores.
 
They saw a horse trailer and The Master was there. While Hoop's 
men placed the girls into the wire cages, Hoop counted out the rent 
and gave over two video tapes to the Master.
 
The inner and outer doors were secured and the 4x4 started them 
back to the farm
 
For tonight was PARTY TIME again, and he was bring the animals 
for the next party.
 
Annie was now a PARTY ANIMAL, one who would  Whore for 
him for years to come. She should be horrified at this change in her 
life but was she ????????????????
 
Her pussy, although sore flowed at the thought of the night to come...
Further she looked over and hopped for another shot with the crop
on that nasty assed Vivian...
 

                                   THE END FOR NOW!!!!!!!!!
 



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Paladin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





