BDSM Library - French Resteraunt: An Anniversary




French Resteraunt: An Anniversary
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It was sarah's one year anniversary as her master's colalred slut and he ahd special plans to celebrate.
"The French restaurant (An Anniversary)"

The new slut, sarah, had been collared for a year now and on her anniversary,
her Master wanted to take her somewhere special and romantic. He took her to a
French restaurant, the finest one in town.  The restaurant they/They went to was
5 stars and the food was known to be exquisite.  With that, They had a certain
reputation to uphold -- a distinctly proper dress code was enforced, and the
restaurant talk was reserved to strictly low voiced whispers of polite
conversation.  sarah's Master knew this, and knew that this would be the perfect
place to take sarah for what he had planned.

This evening, she was wearing a classy yet very skimpy long red dress that
showed her beautiful breasts from the top.  The dress was long and would have
dragged on the floor, had it not been for the sexy, red, three-and-a-half inch
heels she had been commanded to wear.  her hair was curled up into a French
Twist and she looked incredible.  There was more, though.  The dress, held on by
two thin spaghetti straps was skin tight and form fitting.  It was very apparent
to everyone who saw her that she was not wearing a bra.  What They didn't know
was that she wasn't wearing any panties, either.  her Master knew this, though,
and smiled to Himself thinking of all the fun They would have this evening.

The two were seated at a booth, one of the U-shaped ones, where They could sit
together, next to each other and watch what was going on in the restaurant.  The
sat down with sarah on her Master's left.  This, like everything else that
evening was planned -- planned so that her Master would be on the side with the
long slit in the dress.  The slit went nearly all the way up her thigh and then
some.  The Master had big plans for that slit (and sarah's other slit) tonight.

Master looked at the menu, ordering for sarah and Himself.  After He closed the
menu, He couldn't take His eyes off sarah's gorgeous body.  her own eyes watched
His hands, never leaving his long fingers, soft nails, gentle palms -- watching
their/Their every motion and every act.  she watched as He ran His fingertips
along the edge of the menu, slowly and with great purpose.  sarah watched His
hands, delicate in their/Their motions and she felt herself shiver, a row of
goose-bumps running down her spine.  He knew fair well the power that His hands
held on her, as she had felt them along her soft and delicate skin many a time
before this.

Then, when the waiter came to take their/Their order, Master ordered for both of
them.  He ordered sarah's favorite, honey glazed lamb chops with mint jelly. 
Then, for himself, he ordered salmon filet in a light butter cream sauce over
angle hair pasta.  Then the waiter left to place their/Their orders with the
kitchen.  As soon as he had gone, sarah turned to her Master and politely asked
permission to go to the bathroom, as her training required.  her Master allowed
her the privilege of going, as it allowed Him time to make some arrangements for
the evening.

When sarah got up to go, Master delicately pinched her sensitive ass, making her
tremble with anticipation, but off she went to the bathroom to freshen up and
make sure her make-up and everything else was just perfect for her Master on
this special night.  Master called over the waiter, and arranged some things,
speaking in a low voice.  First He ordered a bottle of the finest champagne (to
be brought in fancy glasses with long straws).  Then, He asked the waiter what
he thought of sarah.  He responded that she was a beautiful woman and that He
was obviously a very lucky man; the waiter didn't know the half of it, though. 
sarah's Master than told the waiter that she was His and that anything the
waiter wanted, sarah would provide.  He winked at the waiter with a big, evil
smile on his face and said, "Just let Me know..."

So, with that, the waiter returned to his waiting duties and sarah came back
from the bathroom.  she settled back in beside her Master, eagerly as He watched
her.  She sat perfectly straight with every hair in place and her hands clasped
submissively behind her back.  The Master was very proud of His little
slave-girl; He had taught her well.

Master looked at sarah lovingly, and began to run His fingers through her dark
brown hair.  she smiled, enjoying the attention being lavished upon her by this
Man, whom she had come to love and trust so much.  Then, Master moved his hands,
slowly bringing the down along sarah's thin neck.  He let them slide in little
patterned lines against her sensitive skin.  And then, He tenderly brought His
hands down to her breast and softly followed the low neckline of the dress as it
accented and accentuated her chest.  Master watched His precious nipples
hardening; They were her nipples, but like the rest of her, They were His
nipples, on His slave, on His body.

sarah moaned softly as Master began to make circles around her hardening
nipples.  He smiled to himself, knowing how much pleasure His small, simple
touches were bringing her and she moaned softly, confirming the affect He knew
He was having on her.  Then, Master began to clasp sarah's hard nipples through
the dress and roll them softly between his fingertips.

sarah was moaning often almost continuously, as Master grabbed hold of her
nipples, squeezed, and pulled.  she gasped, even knowing that this would come
eventually.  Normally, if They had been at home, this would have been when the
clamps were placed on her hard, sensitive nipples, making her moan and scream,
with both pain and pleasure.  "But here, in public, Master wouldn't put them on,
would He?" sarah wondered to herself, hoping and praying she was right.  she
was, and Master went back to gingerly rolling her hard nipples between his
fingers, making her moan softly.  He continued for several minutes.

And then, he stopped abruptly.  He pulled the red silk scarf from her hair and
tied it delicately (but tightly) around her hands, keeping them bound behind
her, between her and the soft seat back.  sarah had not expected that Master
would do this, as They had done no experimentation in public play before, but
Master knew this, and knew exactly what He was doing and what it was doing to
her.

sarah looked at her Master, questioningly and realized he meant business; the
cuff was staying on.  Then, she tried to hide her bound hands from everyone else
in the restaurant, by pressing up against the seat as far back as she could. 
she knew this had displeased Him as he undid the cuff and retied it, tighter,
and in a different way -- so that her wrists were held together with her elbows
touching.  This was one of sarah's favorite bondage positions as it caused her
chest to stick straight our and made her nipples even more sensitive to breast
play; the position also allowed Master do to anything he wanted to her, and left
her unable to resist, to touch herself, or to touch him back.  One of the
Master's favorite things was to hog-tie sarah with her arms just like that and
tease her pussy endlessly until she (and He) could take no more.  If she was
good, He would let her cum then, but if not, He would lock her in her chastity
belt and make her suck Him off, mercilessly.  Either way, that was always fun.

Sitting tied like that in the restaurant made sarah very aware of every other
person.  she was aware of the attention of every eye and of the gesture of every
hand, especially since her own hands had been immobilized and everyone's eyes
could see that.  Master reached out to sarah and gently turned her body so she
was nearly facing Him -- still next to Him, but facing him nonetheless -- and so
that people, if They chose to look at them, could see sarah's arms bound behind
her easily.

This was the way They were situated when the waiter returned with their/Their
food and their/Their champagne.  The Master smiled at him in response to his
questioning look with regard to his bound patron.  And the waiter decided not to
say anything about it.  Knowing she was helpless to resist, the waiter brushed
his arm across her chest as he served the Master's dish; then, again, as he
served her own.  This second time, she felt her shiver and heard her breath
quicken; he would enjoy any privileges this man allowed him tonight.  That was
for sure!

The waiter looked at the Man and smiled, thanking Him for His willingness to
share this beauty.  Then, as he popped the cork to their/Their champagne, he
looked at her and smiled even more, imagining to himself what she might look
like without her slinky red dress.  He was in heaven with the images he had
created of what could be his as he poured the champagne into two tall glasses,
letting three single droplets of it trickle down her cleavage.  The champagne
ticked her is it went down the line between her breasts and it left a row of
goose-bumps in it's path and made her shiver, and smile.  With that, he left the
Man with two long straws and went on to his other tables of people to wait on.

Master inserted the straw into sarah's glass delicately and slid it towards her
so she could drink.  He did not use a straw, himself, instead drinking from the
glass, and allowing his tounge to dart freely into the bubbling liquid.  sarah,
on the other hand, sucked heatedly at the straw, -- as she drank -- allowing it
to slip in and out of her mouth, guided by her tounge.

Then, Master cut sarah's food up for her into small bite-size pieces and fed it
to her in between bites of his own meal.  The two finished eating rather
quickly, all things considered, and sit drinking their/Their champagne and
relishing the moment.  When they/They had downed several glasses of champagne
each, in a manner similar to that above, they were significantly turned on (and
was their waiter, may I add).  The master called the waiter over and ordered
desert: a fruit plate with ice-cream for himself and a slice of thick, rich
chocolate mousse cake for his pet.  Then he reached back and untied sarah's
arms.  He was going to let sarah eat the chocolate cake herself, after all, his
hands would be busy...

The desserts came and the two enjoyed the first bites of their food.  Then, as
sarah sat eating her dessert, the Master began to have some fun.  He picked up a
berry from His plate, His finger cold from the frozen ice-cream and brought it
to sarah's lips.  Eagerly, she flicked her tounge and brought the raspberry into
her mouth, taking her Master's finger with it.  Swallowing the berry, she began
to suck on her Master's finger with great earnestness.  He was enjoying this. 
There they sat, Him eating His ice-cream with His right hand and her giving
finger-head to the index finger of His left.  she was very skilled at this task,
having performed it many times before on many men, but for some reason -- it was
very different this time, giving it to her Master, and in front of all these
people.  But, nonetheless, she sucked eagerly on His finger, licking it, sucking
it, swirling it with her tounge and pleasing Him greatly.

Soon, he tired of this, though, and pulled his finger away from her, as good as
she was at it, and as turned on as it was making him.  He had other things to do
with his fingers.  she went back to eating his cake, wishing it had been her
Master's dick she had been sucking, instead of His finger, but she would settle
for what she could get -- even that was very pleasing to her.

Master went back to His fruit and ice-cream, and she went back to her cake;
they/They made idle conversation about the food and the decor, etc.  Then, in
the middle of a sentence, Master switched his spoon to his right hand and with
His other hand, reached under the table and up sarah's dress.  He began to run
his fingers up and down along the inside of sarah's thigh, so very close to her
pussy that he was almost touching -- but not quite.  Every so often, He would
'slip' and rub against her snatch.  It was very wet and she was very horny.

sarah knew, though, that with Master's light and gentle touches to her pussy,
mostly along the inside of her thigh, she could be tortured like this for hours
without cumming.  she turned to her Master and begged him, pleadingly, to touch
her more, harder.  After listening to her sweet voice beg and plead, He finally
did as she desired.  He began to run His fingers along the lines her pubic hair
made with her skin, first tracing the top line, almost up to her belly button;
then following the outsides of her pussy -- tracing the lines round and round --
and finally, making her moan and squirm, by tracing the line her pubic hair made
inside her delicate folds.

This was nearly as torturous to her as the former had been and she was unable to
continue eating her cake, focusing only on her throbbing clit and her swollen
pussy lips, desiring her Master's attention.  But this was yet to come.  Slowly,
she adjusted to her Master's relentless touching of the very outer parts of her
pussy, but just as she would calm down, he would momentarily insert his finger
deep inside her folds and then pull it out.  This was driving her crazy.  Her
master knew it, too.

The Master finished his dessert and continued to work on her pussy, now,
finally, massaging her swollen pussy lips between his fingers.  She was moaning
softly and his fingers gently played with her labia, endlessly teasing her, it
seems.  Trying to suppress her moans of pleasure, she bit her lip, as her Master
called over the waiter to bring the check.  The waiter brought it and stood
there waiting for it to be paid, knowing exactly what this Man was doing to his
beautiful slave.

The Master pulled his money from his pocket with one hand, while his other
continued to work her pussy, gently rolling her clit between His fingers and
massaging the soft tissue of her vulva and of her labia.  Then, He began to
finger her tight pussy.  First with one long finger and then two -- in and out,
in and out.  His rhythm grew as she struggled more and more to suppress her
moans.

With three fingers inside of His little slut, the Man inserted his pinkie and
began to massage her clit with His thumb, pumping his hand in and out of her. 
She was moaning and sighing, trying to keep herself from screaming out in
pleasure, knowing that in a place like this, she just couldn't.

He paid the check and left no tip.  In it's wake was a note -- meet us outside,
what you'll get will surely be worth more than some measly twenty dollars.  The
waiter got off work, just as the couple had finished eating; he was just hanging
around to collect his tips.  Master pulled his hand from sarah's pussy, leaving
her on the edge, so near to cumming.  He squeezed her tits and took her hand,
leading her out into the parking lot.  The waiter followed sarah and her Master
out.

When they were nearly at the car, Master looked at sarah and asked her what she
had thought of the service.  she responded that their waiter was very good; that
the service was quick and that he was polite and very responsive. . . and very
much a turn on, sarah added, keeping this last part to herself.  But Master knew
what she was thinking.  "Quite good-looking, too, no?" he asked her, knowing her
response already in advance.  "Yes, Sir," she answered him, licking her lips. 
"I just bet you wonder what he'd taste like? Or what he'd feel like inside of
you," Master said with a smile.  "Show him your ass!" he commanded, snipping the
straps of her dress right off of her with his pocketknife. 

she gasped as the cold air brushed against her nipples and her dress fell to
around her waist.  she thought about picking it up and covering herself, but she
wanted more than anything only to please Him.  "Yes Sir." She said as she
stepped out of her dress and handed it to Him. she couldn't believe she was
doing this, but He was very proud.

With that, he opened the car door for sarah and she slid into her seat into the
back.  Then he told her with an evil grin, "Well, he wants more, too!"  and
bound her tight in the back seat of the car.  He tied her arms under her head,
and bound her elbows in such a manner that she looked like she was going to do a
sit-up, only she couldn't sit up very far at all, and couldn't move from where
he had lain her in the back seat.  Then he rolled down the window she faced and
pulled her legs out of it, binding them spread wide open.

Then, he got out and walked around the car.  sarah didn't know this, but he was
talking to the waiter, telling him that he should come in through the front of
the car and then, whenever he was ready, pound his dick in and out of sarah's
tight little pussy as much as he wanted, so long as he didn't cum inside her. 
Then, He returned to the car, opening the door nearest to sarah's head.

"Suck, Bitch!" he commanded and shoved his big, fully erect cock into her mouth. 
"Close your eyes and suck it, slut!"  he commanded.  And she did as she was
told, being the good little cock-sucker that she had come to be.  sarah took the
full length of her Master's cock in her mouth, sucking him off, and
deep-throating him.  With her eyes closed, she sucked with all her might,
pleasing her master much.  He came in her mouth and as she had been trained, she
swallowed it all, allowing only one single drop to dribble down between her
tits, where it glistened like a precious gem.

she was still sucking His cock, and it quickly became large and hard again, from
her skilled ministrations.  His cock in her mouth, He leaned down to her chest
and licked her hard, erect nipples, one at a time, and then blew on them,
allowing them to stand up in the cold air, and then to be engulfed by His warm
mouth one after the other.  Then, He ran his tounge between them and tasted the
droplet of Himself there, as she continued sucking His cock.

Her master's cock kin her mouth, sarah was very surprised and taken aback when
she felt another cock enter her pussy.  she almost stopped sucking, but knew
better than to do that.  Instead, she sucked with even greater desire, as the
cock plunged in and out of her very wet pussy.  she wanted to know who the
second cock belonged to and who was fucking her so well.  she wanted to open her
eyes, but her Master had commanded them shut, and she knew better than that. 
she took Master's cock deep again and licked up and down the entirety of its
length.

She sucked with all her might, so near to an orgasm when she heard her Master
tell her that she could come, but only when the man fucking her tight little
pussy commanded her to -- if he commanded her to.  Then, with a smile, the
Master looked over at the waiter, fucking His little slut's tight pussy hard and
smiled.  "Open your eyes sarah," He commanded.  "And cum you little slut!" the
waiter added.  sarah opened her eyes and found herself looking at the waiter
from dinner, as he pounded her pussy and she sucked her master's cock. 

The waiter used his hand to massage her throbbing clit as his cock pounded her
pussy.  She began t spasm, orgasming like never before.  As the waiter felt her
pussy clench around his cock, he felt that he too was about to come, pulling out
and spraying his load all over her naked chest.  The Master, too was about to
come, as He pulled out of her mouth this time and shoved His massive cock deep
inside of her where he came, letting out all of his cum mix with her juices,
deep inside her pussy and she finished cumming.

With a smile, the waiter pulled up his pants and thanked the Master for the
'large tip.'  But the master wasn't done yet.  He wanted to show this waiter
just what He was made of, and that it wasn't just his little slut-girl that had
to listen to him; it was this waiter-cock too.  "Leave your pants here!" the
Master commanded him.  With a look of shock on his face, the waiter hesitated
for a moment.  The Master swung out and struck the waiter's dangling balls with
his hand.  The waiter drew back in pain and quickly removed his pants and
boxers, handing them to Master.  With that, he walked off to his car, parked
across the road in the employee lot.  The Master made a 'reservation' for the
same time next week and sarah sighed contentedly after her orgasm.  And Master,
shoved the waiter's boxers into her mouth, gagging her.  He flipped her over and
took her ass, pounding her hard until they both came again.  Then, he got out,
walked around the car and drove home.  Their anniversary was, indeed, a night to
remember.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





