BDSM Library - Domme




Domme
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A switch takes her night as queen.
Domme

Dressed before him entirely in tight black leather, he watched the heaving of my
chest as my breasts bobbed up and down with each breath through my tight corset. 
I licked my lips as I stood before his bound and captive body, laughing
devilishly to myself as I replayed tonight's events in my mind...

I looked him over from top to bottom as he knelt captive before me.  I smiled as
I noticed that one bit of hair that always stood out in the opposite direction
of the others.  That was one thing I loved about him -- even my perfect pet had
this one small imperfection that made him real.  "Him and his perfect
imperfection were mine, all mine," I thought as my eyes continued to wander down
to his eyes, staring at the ground, his head bowed like a good little slave.

I stared longingly into the red and pink of his luscious apple lips and licked
my own as my eyes continued to make their way down his muscular figure.  "What
an incredible body he has!" I thought to myself as my eyes traced the lines on
his muscular chest. 

And then, I came sheer heaven (or hell, all depending on my mood...).  My
precious gem, already glistening with a drop of precum as my slave's vivid
imagination wondered to what I might have planned.  He was already hard, and
that cock ring must have been at least a slight bit tight by now, but things
would get worse later!  My prize stood out, almost at attention, to greet my
gaze.  I rewarded the gesture as I licked the pearly droplets from its tip.  I
love driving my slave crazy like that!

And then, it was my fingers' turn.  I walked around my slave and gently rubbed
his wrists above and below the tight leather cuffs that held them beautifully in
the center of his back.  And I licked at them.  I couldn't resist the first
taste of fresh leather, and I couldn't resist the taste of his soft skin.

I licked a careful circle above and below the cuffs and then blew a stream of
cool air around his hands.  Oh, the glorious goose bumps that I gave him then,
as I took his little pinky into my mouth.  I sucked on it gently, at first, and
then grew harder, moving my tongue around it in little circles and swirling it
in my mouth.  Even his tiny pinky finger was long and tasty.

And then I pulled his pinky-finger out through my sucking lips and took in his
ring-finger in its place.  I licked and sucked at this tasty appendage, as I had
the last.  And I focused special attention on his class ring.  It was big and
manly, silver with a blue stone -- his birth stone.  Engraved into the stone
were my initials, and in each of the gold facets was a heart.  It was a very
special thing he had done for me, even before I was his mistress.  I was just
his girlfriend then, no different from any other high school sweetheart; and,
yet, it was me he chose to memorialize on his finger.  I sucked at the ring
finger and spun the silver band around with my tongue.

I sucked delicately on this fingertip then, and removed it, replacing it with
the next -- the middle finger.  This had always had a special place in our
relationship as "the fucking finger".  This was the part of him that always,
without fail, brought me pleasure -- no matter what position we were in or how
he was bound, he always managed that his finger would find its way to my clit
and would gently circle my most sensitive skin.  I loved this finger and paid it
special attention with my tongue.

And then, I took the next finger into my mouth -- the pointer finger -- or, as I
preferred, the finger-fucking finger... This was always the first finger to go
in either hole.  It was the finger whose job was the hardest - to make up for
its lack of fullness with motion.  My tongue mimicked this finger's motions
along its very own skin.  Where this finger would have turned and rubbed and
pushed gently inside of me, my tongue turned and rubbed and pushed along its
length.

And then, finally, came the thumb.  The thumb is the only finger which I use
teeth on.  My tongue and my lips suck and pull on it, as I have the others, and
then my tongue, darting over it, brings it to softly brush across my teeth.  I
am not biting into it, just gently running my teeth across his skin, teasing his
finger with pleasure and circling, swirling my mouth around this most manly of
his fingers.  His thumb is rough and well used, but I suck it soft.  And then I
pull at it gently with my tongue and my teeth.  I pinch it gently between my jaw
and hold it, playing with it with my lips and with my smile.

And then I pull it from my mouth, grazing it harshly across my teeth, and take
the other hand.  All is the same there; except the ring.  In place of the class
ring, on this other hand, he wears the service ring I have given him.  It is
splotched in shades of green and blue and is a solid band, lined in silver.  It
bears the word "Master", a symbol of my service to him.  He serves me as slave,
and I serve him as fuck slut.  The ring upon my finger, engraved with Mistress,
matches the fuck slut collar around my neck.  The ring around his matches his
slave collar.  In fact, our collars and rings match, the pink and maroon of mine
replacing the blue and green of his, the lining of mine in gold.  We are two
switches and this is our world of domination, submission, and love inter-mixed. 

But now, it is my moment to dominate him, to own him, to control him.  With
that, I take his other pinky into my mouth and give him finger-head one finger
at a time, just as I had his other hand.  By the time I am finished, he is fully
erect (or as erect as his cock ring would let him be) and is whimpering softly,
moaning like a little puppy dog, desperate for release.  But he would get none
or not yet, at least.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Then, I walked back around to his front and ran my fingers through his dark
brown hair.  That is truly a sign of his submission to me... The ability for me
to touch his hair and to move it in any direction I choose, to play with it, to
feel it, and to control it.  This may not seem like much, but to us it is a
symbol.  He is one of those guys who is very hair conscious and doesn't let
anyone touch his hair.  It always has to be "perfect".  But, I love the little
imperfections he lets me bring to it.  This is the nature of his submission to
me.

Then my fingers reach his shoulders and gently massage the knots from his neck. 
My submissive side is showing, I suppose.  I want to please him because it gives
me pleasure.  Tonight is definitely all about my pleasure.  And kneading his
sore muscles brings us both pleasures.  Then, I look deep into his eyes and kiss
him.

Usually, his tongue is all over my mouth, but tonight, I am in control. 
Complete control -- of everything -- even that.  When he tries to bring his
tongue into my mouth, I pull away from him and pull his head back with his hair. 
I just look at him, helpless before me.  And he hides his eyes.  And then I lean
in and kiss him.  We kiss open mouthed, with no tongue.  I know how much he
wants to taste the inside of my mouth, but this is just a tease.  With that, I
run my tongue across the outside of his lips and taste him.  I taste him, where
he cannot taste me...yet.

"But our evening of fun is just beginning," I think to myself as I plant a line
of kisses along his chin.  I lick around the outside of his lips and suck above
and below them and on either side, allowing my tongue and my lips to caress his
sweet skin.

I slowly make my way with the trail of kisses along his neck and softly nibble
on his soft skin.  I reach the gap between his neck and shoulder and run my
tongue across it.  And then, I slowly, softly, tenderly bite into his flesh. 
The colors of pink and purple and red delight me as my tongue and lips dance
across his skin - pulling, nibbling, and sucking.

And then, torturously slowly, I made my way across his shoulder and down his
arm, kissing and sucking at his sensitive spots.  When I reached his wrist, I
again licked around those dark cuffs and began to make my way up his other arm
in an equally slow and teasing fashion.

And then I finally had returned to his shoulder.  I looked deep into his eyes
and licked my lips and then his.  I pulled his tongue into my mouth and sucked
on it, pulling on it with the suction of my mouth.  And I teased his tongue with
my mouth and ran my tongue across his sweet lips.

Staring into his eyes, I bent my head down and kissed him just above his cock. 
I flicked my tongue along the sensitive skin between his hips but avoided his
jutting gem altogether.  Such a tease I was, but I loved being one.

Then I began another trail along his body, but it was a more random one this
time.  I darted across his stomach, along his ribs, inside his belly button, on
his tight abs, up his shoulders... I left a trail of kisses, licks, and nibbles
everywhere I went.  His body was mine and I was having fun savoring every inch
of it.  Apparently he was having fun, too, as I could tell from his moans and
purrs as my trail continued its sensuous pattern.

When my lips had touched every inch of his stomach, chest, and upper body, I
left a soft, sweet kiss on each shoulder blade.  I kissed his elbows, sucking on
each for a second or two.  And then I reached his bound wrists again.  With my
mouth, I undid the cuffs and began to lick a path along where they had been. 
With my mouth I caressed the pinked flesh where the bands had left marks on his
wrists.  My lips left kisses on the edges of his bones, and along his hands and
fingers.  Delicately, I kissed each fingertip.  And then I took his hands in
mine and held them tightly.

I kissed each of his tender nipples and bit gently on them with my teeth.  I
writhed and moaned, begging for more.  And so I gave it to him, slowly kissing
my way down his happy trail - the line of hair from his belly button to his
pleasure button (more of a pleasure lever than a button, really).  I licked his
happy trail with one long flick of my tongue, touching every patch of skin along
the way with my wet mouth and warm lips.  And then, I finally, I licked his
manhood - just one flick of my tongue across the base of his cock drove him
wild.  He moaned and squirmed and begged me for more.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And so, teasingly, torturously slowly, I began to oblige.  I first flicked my
tongue across the middle of his shaft.  And then I sucked on just the base of
his cock, licking little lines around his cock ring. This was gloriously fun for
me and torturously pleasurable for him.

And then, again, I slowly lick circles around his cock head, running my tongue
in lines up and down his hard shaft.  He is squirming and writhing and moaning,
but still I go drag my warm, wet tongue ever so slowly across his cock, teasing
and torturing him with glorious pleasure.

His engorged cock is huge inside my tight mouth.  And he is moaning loudly as my
tongue slides along his manhood.

Then, suddenly I stop and look devilishly up at him.  He is more aroused and
more frustrated than he has ever been, all in that one single instant.  I will
let him cum tonight!

...but not yet!  I smile at him and lean back down towards his cock.  But I stop
just millimeters above it.  Stretching my tongue to it's fullest, I barely lick
at the tip jutting prize, tasting the droplets of pearly pre-cum in front of me. 
I lean in closer by a microscopic amount and graze his penis with the very tip
of my tongue, teasing it with my slow torturous pleasure.

And then, I move closer and begin licking and sucking in earnest . . . at the
area just above his pubic hair.  It is as if I am giving him head - my head
bobbing up and down above him, my tongue running across his skin, and my lips
sucking on him deeply - but I'm not sucking where he wants, but torturously
close to there....

And then I slowly trail my tongue up his chest and bite gently at his nipples. 
Oh my precious slavey, you are in for torturous pleasure tonight!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I looked up at him and kissed him hard on the mouth and nodded.  That meant it
was ok.  His tongue entered my mouth in frantic exploration, seeking out my
tongue as it circled around his own, engaging it in an erotic tongue tug-of-war. 

Still kissing him, I reached back and undid his cuffs, gently massaging feeling
back into his precious limbs.  Slowly, I was giving him more and more freedom
and control; slowly I was letting power slip away from me - bit by bit by bit. 
But no matter what happened, I was in control.  With that thought in mind, I bit
gently down on his tongue and pulled my head back, stretching his, pulling it
form his mouth gently.

My eyes glistened as the light caught them.  And his shown like diamonds in the
rough.  His eyes shone bright and multicolored.  Staring into them fascinated
me.  It was part of what had attracted me to him in the first place.  I could
lose myself in those eyes... Pools of color, patterned with lines and pictures. 
His eyes were incredible.  Staring into them, I could almost see his devotion to
me... see the depth of his submission.  I loved watching his soul dance in his
eyes.  I could see fire in his eyes.  It was pure lust...true love...complete
submission...and total domination...all at once!  "This was what was so
incredible about him," I thought to myself, knowing my eyes mirrored his.

I ran my fingertips across his shoulders and gently dragged my nails down his
ribcage and over his chest.  He let out gurgled moans.  I smiled at him and
growled, playfully, before nibbling at the crevice in his shoulder.  As my
tongue slid along the crevice and my lips sucked and pulled on the soft skin
there, I began to gently pull at his nipples with my thumb and forefinger,
gently twisting them into little pointy knobs.

This was driving him crazy.  And, the thing was, it was driving me crazy, too. 
Watching him squirm and hearing him moan and beg was pushing me towards the
edge.

I pulled up the bottom of my black leather skirt so that he could see just the
very bottom of my cunt.  I wasn't wearing any panties.  I teased him by teasing
myself as I flicked a finger across my clit, running it along my wet slit.

I straddled him and sat there inches above his hard cock, touching myself.  As
my fingers toyed with my moist flesh, I gently brushed against the head of his
cock with my thumb, teasing it - and him - to the extreme.

I inserted a finger deep inside of me and, removing it, brought it to his lips
to taste.  He eagerly sucked my juices from my finger.  And then, back I went to
my pussy, filling my hole with two fingers this time.  I thrust them in and out
of me, running my thumb along his shaft as I worked myself slowly towards the
waves of pleasure that would overtake my body.

I withdrew my fingers and again brought them to his mouth.  He eagerly accepted
both into his lips, sucking on them and slurping every bit of my wetness from my
fingertips. 

I drew back and put my fingers back to work on my slit.  I ran my thumb across
my clit and inserted three fingers into my dripping hole.  He could feel my
juices running down onto his hard cock.  This time, I ran my pinky along his
cock-head.  This was the ultimate torture - barely touching, totally teasing him
with my power...my closeness...my body.

Three fingers slid in and out of me eagerly.  Faster and faster, I thrust them
inside of me and withdrew them again.  My body rocked, humping my fingers as
they buried themselves deep inside.

He was watching me, eyes wide with desire, body rocking with lust, lips curled
with pleasure, and cock hard with anticipation.

I slid my fingers out of me, licking them myself this time.   And then, I began
to play with his balls, running my thumb along them as I held them in the palm
of my hand and gently, barely squeezed. 

And then, I looked up at him, lifted my body up, and dropped myself down,
impaling myself upon him.  We moaned together in unison.  Slowly, almost too
slowly, I began to pump my body up and down, picking myself up off of his shafts
and ten dropping down, impaling myself on him.  Over and over, I repeated this
process with increasing fury and speed.  "Don't cum until I give you permission,
slut!"  I commanded him.

And with that, I began to furiously pound my body up and down along his cock. 
Hard and fast, I continued to impale myself on his cock.  I could feel him about
ready to explode... "Not yet, slavey..." I said with an evil grin.  My hands
began to play with my nipples, twisting and pulling, as I rocked rapidly on his
cock.  I leaned forward and bit down into his neck (gently of course) as I came. 
My pussy walls clamping on his cock as I continued to pound him into me, he
squirmed and moaned and begged and pleaded for release.  "Now slavey.  Cum for
me...!" I said, moaning and screaming s my body shook with waves of orgasm. 

Hot jets of cum spurted out of him and rushed up inside of me.  He moaned and
screamed as I thrashed, still taken by the throes of my own orgasm.  We came
together as I rocked up and down on his cock.

And then, when we both had finished cumming, I looked up at him and kissed him
on the lips.  Softly and gently we caressed each other as I cast my eyes
downward.  I had enjoyed my evening as Queen.  And he had, too.  "One of
many..." we thought as we cuddled and held each other close.  Softly, our
fingers touched each others' skin and softly, our lips met in a gently kiss, our
arms tangled in a sweet embrace.  We lay there, loving each other and holding
each other close, just relaxing in each others' arms.  And then, safe in his
arms, comforted by his presence, I fell asleep.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





