BDSM Library - Pleasure Planet




Pleasure Planet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An astronaut crash lands on an orgasmic planet.
Pleasure Planet


	Not that it mattered that the desert winds blinded him as he struggled
towards the shelter of the cratered foothills.  Nor did he find refuge in the
locaters steady hum as its powerful beacon saturated the heavens with it's
powerful signal.  He assumed his rescue was imminent, but his survival until
then was in serious doubt.  For even now, as his tortured genitals released yet
another spurt of his dwindling seed, his knees gave way and he crumbled into the
sand.  Not far behind, a pack of ravenous she-creatures sniffed at the air and
scurried between the clouds of billowing sand on all fours.  They could sense
his nearness and they hungered for the blood laced cream that soaked through his
drenched fatigues and into the sand beneath his prone form. 
	Twenty four hours earlier, his probe had left the command ship in search
of the trace life forms that had briefly appeared on their long range scanners. 
Albeit the planet's infrastructure was apparently too young to support life
forms, there was conclusive evidence to the contrary sending the on board
science team into a frenzy.   Thad was selected for the mission because of his
background and youthful exuberance.  Within an hour, he was fed, briefed, and
jettisoned into the alien atmosphere, where, shortly after the launch, he lost
all communication with the command ship.  Shortly thereafter, a series of
unexplained events befell the unsuspecting vessel, forcing from it orbit onto a
aimless course into oblivion.
	As the probe entered the near atmosphere, Thad's attempts to maintain
the pre-programmed flight path became useless as the tiny craft was buffeted
violently on its axis by the turbulent jet stream.  His appeals for assistance
went unheard, as the tiny craft continued to accelerate on its lethal descent
towards the crater pocked planet.  Just before the craft plummeted into the
surface, Thad diverted all the ships power reserves to its emergency shields; an
evolution that would ultimately save his life.  The probe violently slammed into
a sand berm with such velocity that the point of impact was turned to glass
crystals.  The tiny ship continued tumbling and bouncing across the dunes,
leaving a trail of crumpled debris behind the agonizing screams of its occupant. 
With a final wallowing hop, the careening mass slammed into a crater wall and
disintegrated into rubble as the shields collapsed and the sole occupant was
violently thrown through the only viewing portal onto the wind-whipped sand.  A
muffled explosion blew sand in all directions as the last power supply expired
furiously, and the remains of the craft was consumed by the wind driven fire. 
It took some time before awareness returned to the battered astronaut, and by
then, he was surrounded by them.

**********
	"There was a small explosion on Ship Sector 4."

	"Was the alien ship disabled before it could land?"

	"Affirmed; perhaps it was an escape craft."

	"Monitor the ships' surface for any unusual activity - if there were any
survivors, the surface dwellers will lead us to them."

**********

	Thad stirred slowly, assessing the extent of his injuries while they
studied him intently.  As he convinced himself that his battered assets were
intact his eyes focused on the first creature from where he lay.  Clothed in
tattered animal skin remnants that barely covered the exposed weathered skin, he
looked into the face of one of the most beautiful women he had ever seen.  He
started to rise as his eyes focused on a second with similar physical
characteristics and identical eyes - deep brown orbs that failed to show any
emotions while exposing his inner most fragility unmercifully.  He was
surrounded by these beautiful females, with perfectly symmetrical assets,
weathered skin, and wanton eyes the burned with desire.   Despite the ferocity
of the blowing sand, his parched throat and his bruised extremities, his
genitals began to awaken in anticipation as his breath quickened. 
	They glanced at each other briefly before turning back to the alien
visitor, licking their lips passionately as Thad struggled to his knees.  So
intent was he on the women surrounding himself, that he failed to see the small
translucent centipede that wiggled through the sand and into his tattered flight
suit.  By the time he became aware of its presence, it had already penetrated
his undergarments, struggling desperately to reach his tightened sphincter.  His
desire soon gave way to panic as he began swatting at the barely visible invader
desperately while the small circle of women watched disconcertingly.  Despite
his best efforts it found its way into the plump muscular ring, and burrowed
into the resisting flesh with such veracity that it was able to enter the dark
canal.  Within moments, it had torn through the wall of his colon and embraced
the over ripe prostrate, piercing the fragile membrane to dine of the
life-supporting contents inside. 
	Despite the agony from his torn colon, Thad experienced erotic
stimulation unlike he had ever experienced before.  Deep within his torso, the
little creature was sending tiny electrical impulses into the neural network
that ended in the crown of his throbbing manhood as it fed on squirming sperm. 
Unable to control his arousal, he massaged the growing lump in his suit and
focused on the nearest woman as she silently caressed her pussy.  Despite no
linguistic foundation, they immediately understood each other.  Savagely, she
lunged onto his battered torso and clawed at his crotch until his raging cock
sprung free.  She poised her quivering loins above him pausing just long enough
to position the head of his cock within her furry lips before plunging onto his
hips with enough force to momentarily knock the wind from him.  As he gasped for
air, the first load of sperm laden cream exploded into her depths, coating her
womb with life giving seed, before the second, more forceful burst shot forth. 
Aided by the small creature within, the second eruption carried so much velocity
that the unsuspecting recipient was blown free from the throbbing rod on which
she had perched as her own orgasm tore through her convulsing torso.  Seizing
the moment, another woman leapt upon him and completely engulfed the cum
spurting machine within her dripping pussy just as the third spurt thundered
between his legs and into her quivering pussy. 
	As if a scene from a erotic horror melodrama, the scene repeated itself
over and over again whereas one satiated woman would fall away as another would
leap astride his thrusting torso with barely a stroke lost.  Thad could feel his
essence dwindling with each new seminal surge, yet he was unable to escape the
throes of his orgasmic nightmare until the final recipient collapsed on his
torso with an audible gasp of fulfillment and the creature that nestled within
his pelvis stopped feeding.  All about him were strewn satiated she creatures,
reveling in the orgasmic throes they thought extinct with the death of the last
male several years earlier.  To them, cum was the essence of their existence,
and because there had always been far more women then men, the male populace
eventually succumbed to the ravenous appetite of their counterparts.  Without
intervention, Thad would soon join them. 
	In the small crater where they lay, Thad could feel his genitals
throbbing, as the assault had all but worn away the skin of his manhood.  His
gonads throbbed unmercifully and the purple crown of his manhood  was numb as
droplets of blood  oozed from the multitude of pubic hair abrasions.  The
bruises on his abdomen ached unmercifully as the reddish purple hue slowly
spread across his belly and thighs.  He knew he had to get away fast, and
struggled to his feet.  Stepped over the resting creatures gently, he moved
swiftly despite the roaring wind and torturous sands that continually assaulted
his face and torso with agonizing brutality.  As he stepped over the last
creature, she lovingly reached up and grabbed his ball sack, squeezing the
contents unmercifully as Thad stifled a scream of agony.  Her nails sliced
through the weakened flesh easily, exposing the two drained gonads to the open
air before her hand dropped back onto her firm breast with an audible thud. 

**********
	"It is a primitive male with substandard intellect."

	"Fertile?"

	"Still."

	"Dispatch a drone.  We'll absorb his energy and return him to his
destiny on the surface.  Reset course to correspond with the alien vessels
approach path."

	"Done."
***********  

	Thad struggled to his knees, and began to crawl towards the first crater
outcropping when a violent earthquake sent him face first into the sand. 
Without weapons, he would be defenseless against his hosts sexual assaults, but
at least he could buy some time there and just possibly be rescued before they
attacked him again.  Within his loins, he could feel the creature tighten its
grip on his exhausted prostrate and begin feeding.  The tiny electrical surges
resumed and he began to weep openly, knowing instinctively, that his chances for
survival had just been drastically reduced.  His vision began to blur and every
movement became an ordeal in agony as his gonads were sand blasted and his
manhood became engorged to accommodate the bloody creme that bubbled
unceremoniously onto the swirling sands.  He sensed their approach and his
momentary panic dissolved into apathy as darkness caressed his awareness with
peaceful resolve.

	"Welcome to the land of the living, we thought we had lost you for a
while there."  Her face was brilliant and her skin flawless as she leaned over
Thad with eyes that sparkled.  He glanced around the sterile white surroundings
briefly in before returning to her.  With her radiant blond hair and vibrant
green eyes, she was a study in extremes to the creatures he most recently
remembered.

	"Where am I?"

	"A fitting question; your within the planet, or should I say ship, that
you crashed into. We've restored your health and learned all we can from you
through our mind scans."

	"Glad we could help each other, have you any contact with my command
ship," Thad asked somewhat sarcastically.

	"Oh,  we sent your friends to the nether regions and replaced your
testicles with mechanical ones."

	"What!?!"
	
	"You don't have to thank us now, but I'm sure you will after you are
back on the surface for a time."

	"Why?" His voice was now a whine revealing the terror he felt. 

	"Our species thrives on orgasmic energy.  We like to think of ourselves
as more advanced than the surface dwellers, but in reality, we have the same
need - just have a more sophisticated approach.  Even now, we're en route to
your home planet for replenishment - your world has enough energy to last us for
eons."

	"How do you intend to accomplish that; our defense force will render
your inhabitants extinct before you enter our solar system."


	"Don't worry about that, our little friends here will dominate your
species long before we arrive;" she gestured to a tank filled with creatures
like the one that had so quickly invaded his anus shortly after his
unceremonious arrival.  "We'll launch a couple of them in a probe so small that
your sensors will never see them - do you know how fast these little guys
reproduce?  Why you've probably got several thousand eggs floating in your blood
right now.  By tomorrow, you'll be a Daddy!"   


	"I can't go back up there, they damn near killed me last time," he
groaned as his position became alarmingly clear.

	"I can think of worst ways to perish," she said with a wink as  she
tapped a small device on her wrist.  In an instant he was back on the surface of
the ship, naked yet protected from the wind in a small cave on the lee side of a
windswept mountain.  About him were several skeletal remains of others that were
before him.  Thad thought about their worlds, were they now populated by savages
much as this ship was?  What would become of Earth, and was there a way to warn
it inhabitants.  Further, how could he possibly hope to survive armed with
nothing but a set of mechanical gonads that would probably long outlast the rest
of his natural assets.  As his intellect became overshadowed with despair, he
could hear the distant cry of one of the she-creatures against the howling wind. 
He crawled to the back of the cave and buried himself in the cool sand there. 
Maybe they wouldn't find him.

	They did. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





