BDSM Library - Amazon Outrage




Amazon Outrage
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The handicapped man had been stuck on a wheelchair for 10 years. With no sex life, he constantly imagined what it would be like with his amazon like personal care aide. The nurse found herself a perfect chance to satisfy her pervert desires.
Amazon Outrage by Lance Edwards

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Amazon Outrage


Visit One: Visiting Rites

Something absolutely incredible has been happening to me recently, something so
dangerous, so stimulating, so mind-blowing -- and yet so horribly embarrassing
and demeaning -- that I just can't seem to come to terms with it. I guess the
only answer is to finally share this with someone, let it all out, despite the
considerable humiliation that's bound to cause me.

Well, psychiatry fees being what they are, you're elected to listen. I hope you
can handle the story. It's pretty outrageous, to say the least, and it makes for
some uncomfortable hearing and telling at times. Frankly, at this point, I don't
much care if you can take it or not. After what's been going on here, after my
wild, perverse, unbelievable affair with the powerful mistress Big Linda Skrue,
it's either unburden myself to a total stranger or go stark raving mad.

See, I've been stuck in a wheelchair for about ten long years.

A most unfortunate accident at the height of my flaming youth robbed me of many
things, not the least of which was a normal social life. But finally I found a
way to turn my disability to my dubious advantage.

I first met this woman I came to know as 'Big' Linda Skrue when she began to
work as my latest Personal Care Aide. She owned a private local home health care
agency, and I'd hired her to help me with all things I couldn't manage myself --
bathing, dressing, other personal hygiene.

It was an agreeable situation. I didn't know much about her -- beyond the
provocative name -- but she was pleasant enough, competent and professional in
every way. And to a terminally deprived case like me, she was really a wet dream
to behold, with a smattering of orange freckles, rich, reddish-gold hair and a
tall, beautifully stacked body. Yet in a way she was also kind of intimidating.

There was something about her, something beyond her strong arms, her
unbelievably full, heavy breasts and firmly muscled six-foot frame. Maybe it was
in the way she carried herself -- such confident poise, such a challenging look
and stance. It made me wonder if there was anyone -- anyone at all out there --
that was truly man enough for her.

Now I had no illusions about myself. I'm a good enough looking guy, and fully
capable where it really counts, but there's always this damn wheelchair. Not
many women are open-minded enough to look beyond it and give me a try. In fact,
by the time I met this gorgeous Linda Skrue, my confidence had been so battered
by the endless string of rejections that I never quite had the guts to make a
move on her. Yet she must have known how much I wanted her. She worked in daily
proximity with my naked body, after all, and some truths just can't be hidden.
Practically every time she'd bathe me, I'd quickly swell into a massive,
throbbing erection.

Wherever you are, Big Linda, I'm sorry. It was impossible not to.

Leaning over me in the bathtub, with her bra-less, unfettered breasts swaying
and bouncing in my face, Linda's sweet, musky scent and strong sure hands turned
me on so much that I thought I'd lose my mind. Before long my obstinately
unthinking cock was hardened into a bony rope of muscle, straining up above the
soapy surface of the water like the one-eyed snout of a blindly questing
leviathan.

How totally embarrassing.

Completely professional, both of us tried to ignore it, yet Linda's bored, easy
indifference as she scrubbed the soapy wash mitt around and around my hard,
throbbing genitals only magnified my desperation.

Didn't she even care how hot I was? Couldn't she tell how much I needed someone,
anyone, to rescue me from my unwilling sexual isolation? Couldn't she sense how
much I was willing to give in return, even to my despoiler? I don't know. All I
know is that what happened next seemed somehow inevitable.

By the time she'd finished washing me up and go to make the bed, 'Big' Linda (as
I began to think of her) would invariably have me so hot and hard and horny and
all worked up that I was eager for any opportunity, however slim, to ease my
intense frustration. After all, I hadn't been laid in nearly ten years, and here
was this Amazon dream of a personal care aide, calmly ministering to my helpless
naked body.

Well, a man can stand only so much. Lounging there, alone in the hot, steamy
bathtub, it was just too easy to lie back and let my fingers do the walking.
Somehow I ended up jerking myself off nearly every day.

Of course, given the limited nature of my privacy these days, I suppose Linda
catching me engaged at this auto-play was also inevitable. It should have been
no surprise at all when she eventually walked in on me. But it must have been
quite a surprise indeed, at least for her. There I was -- gasping, panting, even
moaning out her name as I gripped and pulled and pumped on myself.

What an incredibly devastating, deeply humiliating experience! I still don't
know how to adequately explain its effect on me. All I know is that my eyes were
closed on a glorious vision of 'Big' Linda's wildly heaving breasts, and I was
so absorbed in a wonderful fantasy of fondling them and fucking them and then
creaming wetly all over them that I wouldn't have heard the world end, much less
the bathroom door open.

Totally oblivious, panting and moaning and frantically working myself, I beat my
little man-meat like a maniacal machine, splashing and moaning and burning my
eager way towards orgasm. Then, just as I helplessly groaned out "Ohhhhhh god,
fuck me, Big Linda...." I suddenly realized that she was standing there, framed
in the doorway and watching me masturbate expressionlessly. What happened then
was more surely fate than the accident that robbed me of my legs.

Humiliation and arousal somehow became inextricably mixed, an erotic alchemy
that was at once both weirdly perverse and powerfully compelling. The sudden,
guilty shock of my discovery shamed me into an immediate orgasm, one so powerful
in intensity that I could hardly believe it. My balls seemed to clench, pulsing
perceptibly as they delivered their load, and I cried out, clamping down hard on
my bulging red cock-gun and stupidly trying to suppress the inevitable.

No chance. What I call 'the happy seed' was too eager for release, bursting
forth through my fingers and spurting out hot and wet and spunky all over my
hand and chest and belly even as Linda stood there calmly watching me.

Well.

After that I could only sprawl there, panting and blushing as we stared at each
other. But instead of sneering or coloring with embarrassment herself, Linda
finally just nodded down at me, saying coolly "Good. 'Big Linda'. I like that.
From now on I don't want you to call me anything else. And I didn't know you
could do that." She gestured at my come-splattered middle, my spent, deflating
cock, and her eyes turned suddenly inward.

For a still, mesmerizing moment she was silent, her expression unreadable. Then
she said, almost to herself, "You know, I could use you."

She stood there quietly, contemplating, then came back to the present. Looking
down at me strangely, she continued, "I have these urges, you see.

"Sometimes I wake up, all alone and incredibly horny in the middle of the night,
with the overwhelming urge to do things with a man ... to do things to a man ...
that most men simply can't accept."

Slowly, a disconcerting and decidedly evil smile spread across Big Linda's wide,
lightly freckled face.

"But you'll accept it. You'll have to. You're crippled and alone here."

Her voice took on a taunting, sing-song note.

"All alone and lonely, helpless in bed, and I've got the key... I could just
come in here any night I want, and use you any way I want. Couldn't I? I could
just fuck you up and down and eight ways to Sunday, and there isn't a damn thing
you'd do about it. Is there? Because you obviously want me. Don't you?"

Of course I could only nod, my wasted sperm dripping slowly down my fist and
naked body, and suddenly Big Linda snapped out "Don't you? Say it!"

"I want you!" I gasped out immediately, and she smiled wickedly down at me, her
cold blue eyes narrowing as she gauged the depth and extent of my reflexive,
instinctive submission to her size, her beauty, her inherent sexual power. Then,
obviously satisfied with what she saw, Big Linda Skrue made her decision.

"I am going to use you," she said, slowly and derisively. "Hard. I'm going to
use you so hard, in so many ways ... From now on, you're just going to be my
own, private little sex toy!" A gloating sneer claimed her full, pinkish-red
lips, exposing shiny teeth.

"I should have thought of this before! Here you are, a full-grown man, and
practically as helpless as a baby! Oh, I've been waiting a long time for
something like this, little man. A hell of a long time! Now I'm gonna have me
some big-time fun!"

I squirmed at hearing this, and Big Linda laughed scornfully at the growing
unease of my expression. Then she continued. "I am going to make you pay for
being male, mister cripple! And I don't just mean your health care contract!

"In fact, as of tomorrow morning, I'm going to put one of my helpers on your
case, rather than bothering with you myself. I've got a feeling that from now on
I'll be at home sleeping in all day instead of working, resting up from my busy
nights! Because you can bet your pansy little ass they're gonna be busy!

"I'm gonna show your worthless, pathetic little male self all the incredible
things a hot, motivated woman like me can do! You're gonna be my sex-slave, my
slut, my helpless little whore! I'm going to work out every outrageous,
outlandish fantasy I've ever had on you, and you're just going to have to deal
with it however you can. Got that? Tonight and every night from now on. So I
hope you like it rough, little sex toy. I'm gonna have some unbelievable fun
playing with you! Now, clean up that mess yourself!"

With that Big Linda flung the terrycloth washglove she usually wielded so
expertly herself directly atop my come-splattered cock. Then she stepped back
and slammed the bathroom door, leaving me sitting there, flabbergasted.

I couldn't believe it. Employer and employee, somehow our positions had become
completely reversed. Suddenly she was the one who held all the power. In my
stunned daze I looked down, and saw at once the reason why.

All unconsciously, Big Linda's dire promises -- threats, almost -- had me
swelling once again into stiff, rigid readiness. Before long my stupid cock
thrust straight up into the air, effortlessly tenting out the heavy, wet
washcloth.

What the hell was going on here? How could I be so achingly hard, after just
coming so explosively? And why wasn't I terrified, suddenly giving up power to
this strange, unpredictable woman? I had no idea what I was getting into, but
after so many years of involuntary celibacy, it was undeniable that Big Linda'd
managed to strike quite a chord. Whatever she had planned, whatever kinky,
decadent excesses she had in mind, part of me, at least, seemed eager to learn.
And learn I would...




Visit Two: Turning the Tables

Well, I'd been warned. That's about all I can say about the ordeal I was facing.
Mistress had told me -- warned me -- that she had things to do to me.
Unbelievable things. But I guess my imagination just wasn't the equal of Big
Linda Skrue's depravity.

Of course, at that point how could it be? I wasn't yet then the man(?) I am now.
My inevitable transformation into pointless sexual plaything was just beginning.
As yet I had no idea how low I could go. But I'd learn soon enough. Although
this was only the second night of our incredible sexual affair, it was an
occasion that would forever establish the future tenor of my twisted
relationship with Big Linda Skrue.

Things were starting to happen between my mistress and me that would alter my
life forever. Another profound, fundamental reversal of position was imminent, a
further transfer of power from me to her that would open yawning, psychic trap
doors into depths of personal domination I'd wish had remained forever closed.

Following a pattern set just the day before, it was again the darkest depths of
the middle of the night when I suddenly heard the front door slam open. Startled
I called out, but there was no response to my cries but the sharp, heavy tread
of boots in the hallway.

I strained hopelessly to move, but was only able to shift my arms, shoulders and
upper body. Then Big Linda Skrue stepped into the room, and as she turned to
confront me I saw the flash of steel-studded collars above the neck and below
the cuffs of her long, heavy leather overcoat. Immediately my heart began
pounding, and I felt a paralyzing mix of dreadful fear and desperate,
uncontrollable desire. I couldn't have moved if I was able as she slowly
unbelted the coat and shrugged it to the floor.

In the dim light from the hallway I saw at first just the savage gleam of her
burning eyes and bared teeth. Then, dropping my gaze past her spiked collar and
down the tall length of her sculpted, statuesque body, I caught my breath.

Big Linda was completely naked -- except for the aforementioned collars, of
course, and a tight, complex harness of black leather straps.

Wickedly spiked and studded all over, it supported and separated her huge
breasts, as well as looping around her back, shoulders, waist and crotch.
Buckles and rings glimmered in the faint light, and a pair of stainless-steel
handcuffs hung at her waist, jingling and jostling another long, dark object
that hung there as she approached.

I felt a thrill of fear as I thought I recognized it (what possible use could
she have for one of those?), and then she was upon me, ripping away the blankets
and exposing my helpless, naked body to the night.

I hadn't seen or heard from her since the morning before, when she left me
pan-handled and naked and once again dutifully jerking myself off, yet she
barely acknowledged me. Without a word she climbed straight atop my crippled
form, effortlessly subduing my feeble struggles and capturing my hands.

As if I wasn't already helpless enough, Big Linda quickly and professionally
cuffed me, ignoring my whimpered pleas as she locked my wrists together and
secured them high above my head. Then she leaned back, hands on her hips,
staring down at me silently, with her huge tits heaving and her panting breath
hissing excitedly between her teeth.

I had only a moment to taste the strange, exciting new thrill of my bondage, and
then suddenly Big Linda dropped atop me, her body writhing frantically, hips
twisting and grinding and roughly pumping against me as she simultaneously
thrust her huge, firmly strapped and supported breasts against my face.

Oh, man! Hands found the back of my head, twining in my hair and pulling me
forward into that enveloping chest with savage pressure. Warm, firm, taut big
breasts squashed my cheeks, burying me in the press of that gloriously resilient
flesh. Crushed and ravished beneath that beautiful big body, I could see little
but the shiny, red-golden fall of her hair that draped itself around us in a
silky, undulating curtain. And still Big Linda man-handled me around, pumping
and writhing and working herself against me in the first, urgent frenzy of her
need.

After a moment, I noticed that in her frantic squirming and pumping Big Linda
was gradually nudging my legs apart, forcing them open beneath her until she lay
between, where she began rubbing and pumping her strap-clad self against my
naked body in earnest. Yet that wasn't the only change. The circular, grinding
friction she'd previously been generating was now replaced by a more
straightforward, up-and-down vertical rocking motion, and soon I realized that
she was actually humping me.

Huh?

Driven by whatever strange, unexplained need brought her to my bed in the middle
of the night, Big Linda Skrue lay atop my helplessly straddled body, anchoring
my upper half in her embrace and grinding her mons veneris forcefully,
rhythmically up into my open crotch. Holding me down, further spreading my
useless legs wider and wider, she grunted and snarled and roughly rubbed herself
off on me.

What an incredibly strange, unexpected sensation! It was unlike anything I was
prepared for, and I was stunned into enjoying it.

So this was how it felt: being taken, being used, being the one on the bottom!
Soon I was really getting off on it, loving the butchy, masculine way that Big
Linda used her magnificent body's considerable weight and strength against my
own pinned and helpless form. But then when she heard my moans of joy, Mistress
suddenly paused in her labors and rose up, looming over me in the dark.

With her strong shoulders squared and her basketball-sized breasts silhouetted
from behind she looked imposing indeed, and my heart pounded with a delicious
trepidation as I lay there, awaiting my Big Mistress Linda's desire.

What would it be tonight? More ridicule, tit-flogging, humiliating masturbation?
Would she suck me off maybe, or would I taste her surely unbelievably sweet
pussy? Better yet, instead of just riding my face, would she at last lower
herself, and finally deign to fuck me? Seconds ticked away as I lay there
speculating, and then suddenly I thought of Big Linda last night, and my
endless, wickedly enforced efforts at masturbation.

I remembered my mistress mocking me as I played, and warning me against wishing
for her to fuck me -- implying that the greatest of my desires would eventually
prove to be my undoing. Then, as these disquieting thoughts flashed suddenly
across my mind, I heard an ominous click, as Mistress slowly, deliberately
unhooked the object that hung at her side and held it up between us.

With a gasp of shock and recognition I saw that it was a shiny black dildo, big
and thick and wickedly ridged, sporting a life-like head and a complex web of
upraised veins traveling the entire length of the heavy, upcurved shaft.

Seeing the strange mix of uneasy fear and desperate, unholy desire on my face,
Big Linda Skrue finally broke her silence, addressing me for the first time.

"That's right, Slut-boy," she said ominously, "I'm going to take you. I've
always wanted to show one of you brutish male bastards how it feels, and you're
the perfect candidate -- totally helpless. I told you I had things to do to you
-- unbelievable things. But I don't think you quite got the picture. So I'm
going to spell it out. I'm going to pound my long, black, nine-inch dick right
into you. See?" She held it up, sneering at me, and began to chant in her
derision.

"Little pig, little pig, let me in! I'm gonna hump and pump and fuck your back
door in! I'm going to rape and ram and ream you out good, fuck your little
boy-cunt you know I should!"

Big Linda laughed grimly, brandishing her giant dick. "You wanted to get fucked,
huh? You wanted me to fuck you? Well okay, Slut-boy. You're going to live up to
your new name. I'm gonna fuck you. And I'm gonna fuck you hard. I'm gonna strap
on this cock and fuck you until you cry and scream and beg me for more! So get
ready, you little slut. Here it comes!"

I shook my head at this in hopeless denial, watching as Big Linda slowly slid
that long, thick cock deep up inside her. Twisting it around and around and
liberally lubricating it with her own sweet juices, she finally withdrew it and
somehow snapped it onto the harness at her crotch. Then she moved in close, that
massive black cock-club jutting frighteningly forward.

Oh my god.

What had I done, letting this woman inside my defenses? At last I could taste to
the dregs the hopelessness of my condition, the horror of being able to
completely feel my lower limbs and body but not command them. What defense had I
against the weapon that sprouted from Big Linda's groin? I couldn't even cross
my useless legs.

Paralyzed indeed by more than just dread, I couldn't tear my eyes off it as she
approached, struggling fruitlessly as she positioned herself, propping up my
docile hips, then lifting and spreading my accommodating legs to their widest
possible access. Watching the bulbous black head of my doom approach, I squirmed
to the pit of my cowardly male soul.

Terrified, repulsed -- and yet still, in some queer way deeply excited -- I
whimpered and begged appeasingly, pleading with Big Linda not to do this to me.
But of course she ignored me completely, pausing only to fondle and caress my
swollen member and tingling balls before moving her hands lower to open me up
and guide it in.

She took me then, grinning wickedly down at my utter helplessness as she thrust
forward, filling me up with her painfully large prick.

Ahhhhhh, goddess! I cried out, fighting her brutal invasion, but she was
implacable, slowly withdrawing from me only to push forward more firmly, forcing
herself further, deeper up my tight little ass.

God damn her! Handcuffed and crippled, helpless and humiliated like never
before, I lay struggling in shame beneath my pitiless, utterly dominant
mistress, enduring while she violated me. Soon she was vigorously pumping her
hips, kneeling above me and building up a thrusting, stabbing rhythm. Every
potent stroke speared deeper, until at last her shapely hips were slamming up
into me, rocking the immovable object of my captive body with the unstoppable
force of her incredibly powerful thrusts.

Unbelievable. Big Linda Skrue grinned down at me, panting with exertion, and
with her big round breasts bobbing and jiggling between her strong, muscular
arms, her prying hands held my butt-cheeks spread firmly open, gaping wide to
receive each of those deep, penetrating stabs.

What a cruel, potent, indomitable mistress! Fearsomely gorgeous in her dog
collars and studded loops of harness, Big Linda maintained a mocking eye contact
all the while she fucked me, forcing me to personally acknowledge the
humiliating reality of the circumstances. Naturally enough, my own blushing
cheeks burned with shame, yet strangely the rest of my involuntary response was
totally contrary to what you might think. Despite the fundamental violation of
my masculinity, despite (or alas, maybe because of) my extremely humiliating
subjugation, I suddenly felt my strange, submissive compulsion come roaring to
life.

Holy SHIT! Now this was being dominated! This was being on the bottom with a
vengeance! What more telling expression of Big Linda's power over me could there
possibly be?

Before long my low, groaning response to Big Linda's thrusting hips and raping
cock began to take on a crooning note of pleasure, and instead of struggling to
bring my unresponsive legs together, I found myself straining just as hard to
spread them wider. Still she worked it up into me, pumping harder, faster,
spearing up into the secret center of my body like a merciless invader.

Eventually I could no longer hide my reluctant arousal, and Big Linda finally
noticed my bobbing, swollen erection, heard the uncontrollable moans and gasps
of pleasure that burst from my lips, and she began to taunt me mercilessly as
she pounded her hard length into me.

"Look at you!" She hissed. "You faggy, piggy little boy-slut! You love it, don't
you? You love having me fuck you! Don't you? Slut-boy! I knew you'd earn that
name! I'm never going to call you anything else now! Slut-boy! Slut-boy!
SLUT-BOY! You like my hard cock, don't you? You love it! Take it then, damn you!
Take it deep, high up into your tight little ass! Uhn! Uhn! Uhn! Do you feel
that? Huh? Do you feel what it's like to be fucked, fucked so hard you can't
stand it, and yet you're still begging for more? Take it then, Slut-boy! Take
this! And this! And this!"

Punctuating her cries with especially hard, vicious thrusts, Big Linda Skrue
stabbed it up into me, grabbing and rubbing my quivering balls as she did so.
"You want it, don't you?" she accused, squeezing my hard cock as she continued
to slam it up into me. "Admit it, you bastard! Beg me for it, damn you! Beg!"

I shook my head in horror at this ultimate degradation, but Big Linda would not
be denied, slapping me, cursing me, raging at me to beg her for the shameful
pleasure of her stiff, violating cock. Finally she pulled it almost all the way
out of me, demanding "Beg me, you fucking piece of shit, or I'll stop!" Then she
gently nudged the head of her hard prick in and out of my aching and now hungry
hole, cruelly teasing me with it.

This was too much, and I gave in to the inevitable, crying "Okay, okay, fuck me,
fuck me hard! I love it, I do! Please, fuck me Big Linda! Fuck me up the asshole
hard!"

"That's better!" she snarled, and cruelly drove her big black cock viciously
into me. "Now keep it up!"

Of course I obeyed unreservedly, and soon I was chanting mindlessly away, going
"Fuck me, Mistress, fuck me Big Linda, fuck me Mistress, fuck me Big Linda, fuck
me Big Linda, Big Linda, B'Linda, B'Linda, B'LINDA! Her potent, talismanic name
itself became my war cry as she renewed her plunging rhythm.

Then at last my Big Mistress Linda took pity on me, perhaps rewarding my
shameless acceptance of her violation, and in addition to pounding herself
brutally in and out and in and out of my tight little ass, she suddenly grabbed
my stiff prick sticking so straight up in front of her and began pumping on it
in equal time with the urgent rhythm of her butt-stabbing strokes.

Oh man, I almost swooned it felt so good!

Her hard cock slammed up into me, continuing my incredibly demeaning and
demoralizing subjugation, simultaneously jiggling my tight, swollen balls with
their load of come until they jizzed and jazzed with a nearly uncontrollable
need for release. But now both of her strong, firm hands also gripped my
engorged purple dick tightly, pulling back against the force of her rhythmic
strokes and increasing her fucking leverage considerably.

With the lucky benefit of my uncircumcised prick, this had the incredible effect
of jerking me rapidly up and down and up and down in a painfully hard clench, my
burning bone slipping delightfully back and forth and back and forth within a
thin sheath of tightly squeezed flesh.

Sweet Jesus, I didn't know if I was male or female or both here, and didn't much
care. All I knew was that I was out of my mind with ecstasy. Finally it was too
much, and I think I screamed aloud -- I'm not quite sure -- as I at last felt an
unstoppable volcano boil up through my throbbing, straining, hugely swollen
cock. But before my semen could spray out of me in those familiar, powerfully
pumping spasms of pure pleasure, Big Linda's pounding thrusts into my ass
finally climaxed in a supreme, spearing frenzy.

Releasing my shuddering cock at the penultimate moment, she dropped suddenly
towards me, catching herself with her hands and propping herself up on palms and
toes in order to get her entire weight behind every unbelievable stroke. Then
she began hammering away in earnest.

Sliding out to the tip of the head and then slamming back into the base again
and again and again, she delivered such a frantic succession of such incredibly
deep, painfully driving dickthrusts that I know I screamed and screamed and
screamed aloud my uncontainable pain and pleasure. Meanwhile my wildly laboring
prick finally exploded, merging invasion with orgasm at last and spraying us
both with thick, copious gobs of my hot and creamy sperm. Only after every last
drop dribbled out did the amazing B'Linda Skrue finally collapse atop me,
exhausted from her energy expenditure.

Her hard prick still filled me though, and the pressure of her heavy breasts
squashed against me was pleasant. Nevertheless, all I could do was pant and
fight for breath, basking in the afterglow of the most incredible sexual
experience of my life. But eventually she stirred, slowly sliding out of me.

Apparently satisfied at last, Big Linda Skrue rose from the bed of my defilement
and removed the long rubber dildo that had given me such painful pleasure. She
returned it to her belt, unlocking the handcuffs on my wrists and doing likewise
with them. Then, leaving me spread open wide and wet with sweat and semen, she
got into her coat and without another word slipped quietly from the house.

As I said before, unbelievable. Just as she'd promised, of course. Yet what
about me? What about my own unbelievable response? Squirming, I tried to shut
off all thought of it. Unwilling to more than obliquely confront what had
happened to me, I lay there, exhausted, caressing my aching, violated body. Then
I began to wonder what would happen when B'Linda Skrue inevitably returned.




B'Linda's First Interlude: My Own Little Toy

Lately I've been having the most exciting time with this guy I know -- I can't
believe he actually puts up with it. Ever since I caught him jerking off one day
he's been completely at my mercy. The best part of it is, he used to be my boss!
I was actually afraid he'd cancel my contract. But after our first night or two
together I knew I had nothing to worry about. There's absolutely nothing I can
do to him that wouldn't make him just fall on his face and beg me for more.

It's pretty obvious why, of course. He's been living in a state enforced
celibacy for years, letting his perverted little imagination run riot. The poor
little fuck reminds me of a kid in a candy store with no nickel in his pocket,
left to conjure up his gratification with nothing more than impotent images.
After five or ten years of that, who knows what he's had to think about in order
to get his rocks off. Then again, who cares? I certainly don't. The only thing
that matters here is that he's twisted and desperate, and with his sick little
needs, he's like sexual silly-putty in my inventive hands.

I can literally do anything to him I want. First I like to sneak into his
bedroom, late in the middle of the night, and take him by surprise, leaping onto
his bed and totally, completely dominating him sexually. Always forcing him to
service me wherever and however I goddamn please, I play with him for hours,
constantly making him submit to all kinds of outrageously kinky things.

Of course, I've got to look the part of a demon dominatrix, so usually I dress
up in this harness of tight leather straps, my big 44-DD tits just bursting out
of it, and I wear silver-studded collars on my neck and wrists. Then I put on
spike-heeled boots and my black leather overcoat and stride over there, kicking
in his door and suddenly snapping on the light.

I love the way his shy brown eyes jerk open, starting in shock and fear and then
widening in uneasy recognition. Immediately I tear off my overcoat, and as his
eager gaze fastens on my huge, out-thrust beasts, I feel a familiar rush of
power surge through me. He is mine! The way his eyes crawl greedily over my body
I know he can never refuse me.

I spring forward, ripping off the blankets, and already his fat little piece of
meat is twitching, swelling. For now I ignore it though. Time enough for that
later.

"Big Linda, please...." he manages, and then I'm upon him, straddling his body
and dropping my weight on his belly. He gasps, and before he can begin to
recover I grab him by the hair and bury his face in my tits.

He struggles under me, thrashing about a little bit, but I crush him down and
start twisting my shoulders violently back and forth, beating him into
submission with my swinging, slapping, heavily hanging female breasts.

Trapped under my powerful body he starts whimpering and pleading with me, his
voice muffled but its groveling tone unmistakable. Yet still his disobedient
cock continues to grow, climbing the inside of my thigh to press insistently up
against me.

That impudent bastard! I pull back, and clamping his head in my hands I rub one
of my stiffly hardened nipples all over his face, roughly grinding it around and
around before finally forcing open his jaws and pushing it between his waiting
lips.

"Suck me!" I demand, and he complies, immediately pulling at my tender, swollen
pink nipple for all he's worth. Much as I hate to admit it, he's actually kind
of good at it.

Feeding voraciously at my swollen breast his thick little lips create a long,
hard, almost painfully deep suction, and he peers humbly up at me, an insecure
little boy pathetically seeking approval.

Of course I give him none, and tearing my tit from his jaws I scramble up his
body to squash my aching cunt down into his helpless face. There I ride him,
holding fistfuls of his hair and rasping myself back and forth and all around,
barely giving him a chance to breathe. Finally I settle on his mouth and let him
eat me, but the eager, fumbling way he goes about it fills me with scorn.

It's obvious my little Slut-boy here still has a thing or two to learn. Well,
I'm just the woman for that! Big Mistress Linda can always provide strict
indoctrination into the art of oral sex! First I start taunting him, berating
him for his inadequacy, and the guilty blush of his shame gets me off like
nothing else. That childish little pansy. Suddenly my cunt feels like voracious
mouth, eager to devour his face.

Fuck teaching him anything else. I decide to just use him. That's what he's
there for, right? Just a worthless little sex toy. Let him learn on his own, if
he's able. If not, let him suffer the consequences.

I push his head back, deep into the pillow, and start rubbing myself off on his
jutting chin. That hard knob of bone is covered with stubble, and it rasps and
chafes and tickles my burning clit like mad. Then I just go nuts, attacking him
with my pussy, using him like I do my cheapest vibrator. Back and forth, up and
down, I grind my groin against his helpless face, slathering him with my sticky
juices until I just can't stand it anymore. Then at last I turn to his worthless
prick.

By this time it's swollen into an iron-hard spike, sticking up from his crotch
like an eight-inch exclamation point. Finally, after extensive teasing more than
a little sadistic procrastination I mount it, inserting it in one of my open
holes and jamming myself down.

Slut-boy cries out, drowning my own little gasp of pleasure, and I slap him as I
fuck him, again and again, letting him know who's boss. Meanwhile my hips
quickly find their rhythm, and I drop forward, planting my hands on his
shoulders and dangling my tremendous tits in his face. Then, firmly holding him
down, I ride that hot spike of flesh furiously, gasping and grunting and
groaning with pleasure, feeling my first orgasm of the night building.

At last it rips through me, and suddenly I find myself screaming deliriously,
mindlessly riding out the ecstatic waves of contractions that pulse through my
loins. Dimly I hear the worthless little shit trapped under me cry out, and as
my tight cunt convulses on it the hard cock I'm riding suddenly starts spasming
and shuddering, then spurts out a slippery hot load, deep up inside me.

That goddamn bastard! Furiously I scream at him, venting my rage with a powerful
roundhouse slap. He isn't supposed to come until I tell him to, damn it! I
wanted that whitey-tasty-gooey-hot-salt-load!

I strike him again, literally rocking his head, and then climb off. That fucking
loser. That useless piece of shit. Luckily I now know how to punish that kind of
transgression. By confronting the worthless offender with his very worst
nightmare.

You see, after years of intense sexual study, I've believe I've finally found
the secret to controlling a man.

Whether dealt out occasionally as a rare reward or inflicted daily as a regular
punishment, this particular disciplinary tool draws its effectiveness from the
devastating truth it conveys: that despite his terrifying fears, every last man
secretly yearns to be the recipient, not the giver, of a good invasive fuck.

It's true. Don't even try to deny it. I can see it now in Slut-boy's conflicted
face. Deep in their hearts, all men know that the ancient, planet-dominating
force embodied in their dicks is basically useless and pathetic without the even
greater miracle of a human woman's fertile furrow.

You see, we are the givers of life, holders of the most incredible power in the
universe. Men know this, and despite all their earthly dominance they yearn for
it. Subconsciously they yearn for it so bad they can't resist trying to emulate
it. Sooner or later they love having that big hard dick directed right back at
them. Why do you think there are so many faggots in the world?

The philosophy of Big Linda Skrue in a nutshell. Oh well. Determined to re-teach
an old lesson, I go my coat, and from an inside pocket I take my favorite black
rubber dildo, long and thick and heavily ridged with life-like veins and
contours.

Relishing the look of fear and horror on Slut-boy's guilty face, I attach my big
hard god-cock securely to the harness at my crotch and return to the bed.

"You know the penalty for an unauthorized orgasm!" I snarl. "Roll over!"

And with that I move in and really show my Slut-boy what it means to be fucked!




Visit Three: On the Cutting Edge

Oh my god, somebody please help me. Last night was easily either the best or the
worst experience of my life. I'm still trying to figure out which.

At shortly after 2 a.m. the door once again crashed open, wrenching me from a
sound sleep and into heart-pounding wakefulness. There stood the mistress Big
Linda Skrue, framed in the doorway, her hands braced upon her hips. I knew what
she wanted -- in general, at least -- and I gasped as I saw the latest result of
her endlessly inventive need.

Her long, wonderfully shiny red-golden hair was tucked up into a crisply billed
army cap, and mirrored sunglasses covered her eyes. Yet the haughty, imperious
sneer on her beautiful face was far from the most intimidating thing about her.
The rest of her outrageous get-up was straight out of some poor enslaved
submissive's worst-case wet-dream fuck-fantasy.

Besides her tightly laced combat boots, she wore little but an outsized army
fatigue jacket, open down the front. The tough cloth stretched tightly around
her generous curves, and the sagging, revealing open deliciously exposed the
ripe, swelling globes of her enormous breasts.

The khaki sleeves were also ripped off, exposing Big Linda's heavy biceps, and a
web belt cinched it at her waist. Shocked and immediately demoralized, I
nevertheless noticed a wicked array of objects dangling from the belt: handcuffs
and shackles, a limber leather riding crop, the usual assortment of dildos, of
course, and there, sheathed at her side, a long, wide-bladed bayonet.

Holy shit. Despite a stubborn twitching below the waist I groaned to myself.

Now what? Now what strange, twisted perversity was in store for me? I had no
doubt that I'd accept it -- what else could I do? -- but by now I was beginning
to fear for my sanity. Really, how would I ever be able to live normally again,
after the extremes Big Linda drove me to? But as usual my brutal blonde
dominatrix gave no sign of her evil intent. She merely stood there, scowling
down at me, and then stepped deliberately into the room.

Approaching the bed, Big Linda stripped away the covers with one practiced sweep
of her arm and immediately set about securing my helpless body. She slapped
cuffs on my wrists and ankles, spreading my arms and legs wide and shackling
them to the bed's four corners. When I was at last stretched tightly out,
spread-eagled and securely chained, without any slack or possibility of movement
at all, she moved in, looming ominously over me. Finally I mustered the nerve to
break the silence, but I got no further than the first word.

"What..." I began, and Big Mistress Linda stopped me instantly, with a stinging
roundhouse slap that immediately numbed my cheek and brought tears to my eyes
with its bruising force.

"Silence!" she shrieked. "Prisoners do not speak unless ordered to!"

Stars spun in my head, and with my shocked face twitching and tingling and then
suddenly flaming with delayed pain I bit my lip, trembling, while she looked me
deliberately up and down. Finally her attention fastened on my stiffly upright
rod, and she seized it in a painfully tight grip.

"All right, prisoner" Big Linda growled, in a low, menacing tone, "what the hell
is this fucking thing?"

My plump purple plum jutted from her enclosing fist like a pulsing heart, and
the death grip she had on me was exquisitely arousing. Searching in vain for my
voice I merely groaned, unable to understand or articulate my helpless response.

When I was slow to answer she jerked on me, pulling the monster -- as I humbly
call it -- painfully up and back and down until it pointed straight between my
splayed apart feet. "Speak!" she demanded.

"It ... it ... its only my prick," I finally stammered, wincing, "and it's yours
anyway, you know that."

Usually it's wise to play along. But not this time.

"Well if it my prick," Big Linda snapped right back, "What the hell is it doing
hard without my permission?"

I could only shake my head, unable to answer, and that was when she drew the
knife, 12 inches of cold, gleaming steel, and my heart leaped immediately into
my throat.

"Well!" She snarled again. "Since you don't know, and since it's my prick, maybe
I'll just cut it right the fuck off! Prisoners are not allowed to have hard-ons
without my permission!"

With that she pulled down harder against my straining upthrust curve, exposing
the vein-marbled root, and with an eager growl of excitement she put the cool,
keen edge of her blade to the base of my blood-filled member.

Naturally I thrashed against my bonds, fruitlessly seeking escape, but of course
it was useless. I was chained out as taut as a violin string.

Oh man! Just like before, the incredible, delicious thrill of my bondage was
exquisitely arousing to me, making my predicament ever so much worse.
Nevertheless I burst forth with a flood of pleas and cries, begging Big Linda
not to take my humble manhood. Somehow I sensed that maybe this wasn't a game,
that maybe this time she actually meant to hurt me, and I begged and whimpered
and groveled uncontrollably, caught up in pure, heart-freezing terror. Yet in
spite of this fear, or perhaps indeed because of it, my desperately perverted
arousal grew even greater than ever before.

My thick, back-bent, hugely swollen erection burned against the cold steel of
the bayonet blade, and it throbbed so powerfully that it surely would have been
cut had her strong grip not held it firmly. Meanwhile the rest of my groin
boiled with desire, and that potent sensory fire drove all coherent thought from
my head. Yet somehow my frantic, desperate pleas caught Big Linda's attention,
and she paused, looking down at me scornfully.

"What, you value this worthless little piece of meat?" she sneered.

"You want to keep it? Well you just admitted that it's mine. Give me one good
reason why I shouldn't just cut it right off and cram it down your fucking
throat!"

Needless to say, I racked my spinning brain, trying desperately to think of a
way to save my manhood. Unfortunately, Big Linda Skrue's sharp, deadly bayonet
was lightly, teasingly tracing circles around my turgid prick and tingling
balls, making it almost impossible to think. Then abruptly she snapped, "Time's
up!" and pulled the monster back even harder, stretching out its neck and once
again exposing the root. As she placed the heavy blade's razor edge to my skin,
my mental paralysis immediately broke.

"No!" I cried, "Wait, I know, I know, I can use it on you!"

I was babbling, terrified. "I will, I will, I will, B'Linda, I promise! Please,
B'Linda, please, use me, use my body like you always do!"

Tempted in spite of herself, Big Linda paused, still holding the blade against
me, and said, "What, this thing? You think you can satisfy me with this? Never!"

Again she bent to her task, squeezing me tighter and preparing to sever my
swollen manhood in one quick stroke. Screaming and thrashing, straining my thews
to the limit but wholly unable to move a muscle against the taut chains, I tried
one last time.

"Oh God, Big Linda no! I swear, you will come so hard, so many times, please,
just give me a chance!"

Mercifully she paused again, her biceps flexing as she gripped the knife,
considering. Then finally she answered, biting off her words viciously.

"All right, prisoner. You'll get your chance. You've got until dawn. I'll try
this pathetic little cock, and the rest of you, too. But if I'm not totally,
totally satisfied, if I don't have the best fucking night of my entire sex life,
off it comes!"

She sheathed the knife in one fluid motion, releasing my throbbing prick.

At once it shot back up to its original forward-straining curve, and I almost
fainted in my relief. I had until dawn to satisfy this most voracious,
formidable Amazon, but it wasn't going to be easy. That became clear right away.

Big Linda Skrue attacked immediately, hitching up the skirt of her shirt and
taking her usual position astride my face. Determined to save myself I went
straight to work, eating her pussy out like never before. I serviced that woman
like a man possessed, and by the sound of Big Linda's breathless panting and
moaning I was finally learning the trick of it. Soon she started rocking herself
back and forth, rudely humping me with her crotch, roughly rubbing herself off
on me and treating my face like it was merely some kind of cheap erotic toy.

Bound and helpless, sentenced to a savagely intimate mutilation and entirely at
Big Linda's mercy, I could only lie there, fighting to snatch a breath now and
then, as she roughly twisted and ground and pumped herself into an incredible
series of ever more intense, utterly screaming orgasms. And that was just the
beginning.

From there she moved to my cock, mounting me and using it with such an urgent,
frenzied passion that I couldn't believe she actually intended to slice it off
when she was done. Yet who knew? She was as unpredictable as she was demanding,
and I knew I had no choice but to believe her threats -- and to perform for her
as though my life depended on it. And so I did, on and on, act after twisted sex
act, as Big Linda used me for everything her wild imagination and voracious
appetite could dream up.

The night became an incredible blur of images: Big Linda, battering me about
with her giant breasts; Big Linda, grinding her crotch in my face and ordering
me to lick out her nether hole; Big Linda, standing next to the bed, cursing
foully and whipping me with her stiff leather riding crop; even Big Linda,
propped above me on palms and toes, wielding her long, strapped-on black rubber
dildo. But first and last and most of all, from beginning to end, it was Big
Linda Skrue riding: riding, riding, riding, mounted high on my achingly hard,
painfully erect prick and wildly plunging and bucking her hips.

It was to this timeless, eternal standard that our endless succession of sex
acts always came around again. Whether facing forward or back, whether I was
lodged in her slick pussy or her tight ass, Big Linda was constantly astride my
body, humping and pumping away, always seeking that next orgasm, and the next,
and the next, and the next, hour after hour after hour as that endless night
crept slowly around toward dawn.

But finally the sky began to lighten, and I knew my time was almost up. Big
Linda Skrue noticed too, in the very act of reaming me out once again, and I
suddenly felt her stabbing thrusts cease, and her stiff prick slide out of me.

She rose from the bed, that big black cock jutting wickedly forward, bobbing
slightly with her movements. Smirking at the fearful way I regarded it, she
stood staring ominously down at me, one of her hands toying idly with the knob
as she slowly shook her head. "Well, prisoner, it looks like your time is up.
It's dawn, and I'm not satisfied. Say good-bye to that worthless little prick!"

What? I gaped at her, stricken. What about all those helpless moans? Those
utter, screaming orgasms? What about the savage exhilaration that literally
shone from her as she brutally violated me? How could she not be satisfied?
Unbelievingly I watched in numb-struck horror as Big Linda Skrue once again drew
her bayonet and reached for my still-rigid erection.

Pressing the flat of the blade against my quivering balls, she grinned down at
me and said, "You know, I think I just might take these, as well. They're no
good to you without a prick, are they? We'll just make you into a sweet, sexy
little girl -- if you live, that is."

Incredibly she smiled, a cold, wicked smile full of evil intent. I couldn't
believe this was happening, and after the exhaustive night we'd just passed, I
didn't have the energy to even try to resist -- useless as that would have been.
Hopeless tears began running from my eyes, and I broke down as Big Linda once
again pulled me up and back and placed her sharp blade against the root.

"Oh, quit blubbering, prisoner," she sneered down at me, "at least you just had
the best sex of your worthless life, and the knife will be quick and clean.
Unless...." she paused. "unless you'd rather I used my teeth."

Seeing the look of disbelieving horror on my face, Big Linda Skrue crowed with
delight. "Oh yes! I think it would only be appropriate if I bit it off! I'll
save the knife for your hairy balls!"

With that she laid the bayonet aside and immediately went down on me.

With her strong, firm hand tightly anchoring the base of my rigid erection, Big
Mistress Linda slipped it deftly into her mouth, her lips closing on the
pounding purple head with a sensation that was nothing short of heavenly. Then
she began bobbing, her thick sweet lips sliding up and down the shaft, taking
more and more and more of me with each engulfing stroke.

Holy shit! For the last time in my life, I watched my hotly burning cock
gradually disappear from view, as Big Linda Skrue methodically worked to get as
far down onto me as possible before biting in and savagely shearing it away.

Dear god, why didn't I go crazy? Overcome by a perverse mixture of terror and
lust, I cried out instead in helpless ecstasy. Her strong fist was tightly
squeezing and tugging on my balls, and those soft wet lips felt so good sliding
on my shaft that I thought my head would explode. Meanwhile my tip rubbed wetly
against the back of Big Linda's throat, and perhaps realizing that this was the
end, the monster seemed determined to make the most of it. My excited nerve
endings sizzled and sang as I slipped further and further down the open gullet
of my doom.

And then at last Big Linda was all the way down, with her nose nestled deep in
my pubic hair. Her lips pulled back from her teeth in a wicked grimace as she
prepared to bite. Again I screamed in terror, feeling her sharp incisors clamp
down on the root of my penis. But then, just as the ultimate horror seemed
finally at hand, my desperate genitals suddenly convulsed. Feeling their end
upon them, they exploded into orgasm, erupting and pumping out an incredible
flood of thick, sticky semen.

Ribbon after hot, spurting ribbon sprayed down Big Linda's throat, and though
her eyes flew wide, she immediately swallowed and swallowed and swallowed it
greedily down. Still my thick, precious seed continued to pump out, long after
it should have been spent, filling her up even as it emptied me. Big Linda's
mouth worked and worked, sucking me out like a water pump, and even when that
delicious creamy flow eventually stopped she continued pulling, tightly
squeezing my generous prick from the bottom up and milking me of every last
delicious drop. But finally she sat up, looking down at me in wonder.

She'd lost the sunglasses at some point, and gone too was the implacable,
demanding glare. Her eyes were now filled with a strange mixture of both awe and
satisfaction. She licked her lips several times, savoring, and at last she
spoke.

"Well, prisoner, I can't believe it, but I think you just won yourself a
reprieve. I guess that useless little prick of yours is good for something after
all."

With that Big Linda got up, sheathing her knife and going to the head of the
bed.

Keys jingled as she removed my shackles, and then she gathered up her things and
once again stamped purposefully out the door, leaving me to lie there, alone,
gasping out my relief.




Visit Four: Fit to be Tied

I'm going crazy. Literally batshit. I don't know what else to say. Big Linda's
midnight visits have become literally mind-blowing. The things she does to me
... I don't think I'll ever be the same again.

How am I ever supposed to go back to my old life, where I don't covet and crave
my every minute as a slave? It's gotten so that I long ago gave up any thought
of resisting my mistress. She's just so demanding, so forceful, that I've had no
choice but to submit completely to her total sexual domination.

Savoring my supreme soul-thralldom, my complete and utter helplessness, Big
Linda Skrue never fails takes ruthless advantage of it. Her first act upon
bursting in on me is invariably to secure me to the bed, effortlessly subduing
my feeble struggles and tightly chaining me up. Then she flings herself atop me,
determined to carry out whatever mad sexual fantasy she's dreamed up. Trapped
naked with her in that small apartment, chained out spread-eagled and helpless,
I spend endless hours submitting to her bizarre, depraved sexual desires.

In fact, depraved hardly begins to describe it. Whatever the circumstances,
whatever the perverse, punishing permutation, there are always costumes and
games and roles to play; leather and rubber and steel, harnesses and straps,
chains and handcuffs, blindfolds and shackles and paddles and whips and
executioner's black leather hoods. Good sex for Big Linda is the ultimate
exercise of power over a man, regardless of the particulars, and so she's always
cruelly merciless, intentionally demeaning me, dominating and subjugating my
captive manhood with brutal, iron-fisted control.

Looming over my bound and uselessly struggling form, with her orange-speckled,
firmly muscled shoulders and huge, upthrust breasts bulging through her
spike-studded leather harness, Big Linda Skrue maliciously rubs my face in my
helplessness, vengefully subjecting me to all the conceivable degradations at
her considerable command. Naturally I've lost track of all the individual ways
in which she abuses me, but just because she's inventive in her demands doesn't
mean she ignores the obvious. There are several set pieces she re-enacts over
and over again.

Time after time she'll make me replay the humiliating incident that forever
established our respective roles: my desperate, lonely masturbation, her
derisive discovery of it, then my shock and the sudden, uncontrollable orgasm
that spawned all of her subsequent brutal sexual abuse.

Lying there beneath her, my face burning with shame, I'll use a temporarily
freed hand to pull and pump and stroke my own cock, guiltily fondling and
caressing and abusing myself. Taunting me, slapping me, Big Mistress Linda
invariably forces me to look her straight in the eye as contemptuously belittles
me, mocking my shameful, humiliating, yet undeniably arousing actions.

This can go on for what seems like hours, but finally, after thoroughly debasing
me this way, my mistress eventually tires of this admittedly rather tame sport
and chains me back up. Then she takes a more aggressive, straight-forward
physical approach to my subjugation.

Straddling my body, Big Linda squares and spreads her muscular shoulders, her
spike-gloved hands coming up to heft and cup those heavy tits in a challenging
display of their glorious abundance. Then she falls atop me, wrenching my head
forward and burying my face in that fleshy embrace.

Twisting her powerful shoulders violently back and forth, she starts beating me
about, bludgeoning me with that lush, firmly strapped and supported weight.

On man! Battered and beaten, pummeled by those swinging, slapping, pounding pink
globes, I endure this heavenly assault meekly, knowing it's only the beginning.
Big Linda's power over me is unlimited, after all, and with its every increasing
expression her strange, sadistic compulsion to brutally dominate and subjugate
me only grows greater.

Exulting in my humble, servile posture, she flails away for long minutes,
thoroughly thrashing me with those massive, womanly tits. Then she immediately
scrambles up my body and forces me to perform oral sex on her. Squashing her
hot, juicy pussy in my reddened face, Big Linda Skrue will grab both hands full
of my long brown hair and make me service her hungry cunt for what seems like
hours.

Pinned under her towering body, held motionless while she grinds her crotch
against me and growls with pure animal pleasure, I'll humbly lick and suck and
tongue and nibble at the fleshy folds of Big Linda's exalted womanhood until I'm
completely exhausted. Yet any brief let-up or faulty technique is swiftly
punished, with a rough cuff to the head, stinging slaps, or with cruel, hard
twists and jerks on my vulnerable sex organs. Eventually she's reduced to
actually humping my increasingly raw, red face, burying it in her crotch and
vigorously rubbing herself off on it. Yet even when she's finally had enough,
when she finally grunts her satisfaction and rudely pushes me away, it hardly
even seems a respite.

She'll then turn immediately to my perpetually hard cock, giving it such an
endless, tireless workout that it will ache for literally days afterward.
Frankly I don't even know how she does it. For hours it's just fuck, fuck, fuck,
fuck, fuck. Always devising newer motions and rhythms and points of balance, Big
Linda Skrue grips me with her well-trained vagina or her firm, tight, muscular
asshole and works herself on me like I'm some kind of inanimate exercise
machine. Glaring down, with her wide shoulders squared and her huge chest thrust
challengingly out, she rides my helplessly spread form furiously, panting and
cursing and screaming at me in ceaseless demand.

Fortunately it's a demand I'm usually able to meet. Thanks to the single most
beneficial effect of my disability, my perpetual hard-on is an aching constant.
As long and hard as Big Linda keeps it up, as violently as she humps and pumps
and lunges and plunges away, I still remain completely and respectfully erect.
Good thing, too. After this long, I know better than to dare to lose control.

She's always got a suitable punishment waiting, always got a worse way to
dominate and subjugate and humiliate my captive manhood. You know what I'm
talking about. At least several times a night now Big Linda gloatingly turns the
proverbial tables on me, strapping on a long, hard rubber dildo and brutally
fucking me right up the ass. And yet still, as I'm just barely learning to
admit, even this most intimate invasion eventually manages to get to me.

Regardless of my complete heterosexuality, regardless of the dire, maybe even
fatal insult to my manhood, regardless of even what it says about me personally,
deep down inside where you'd rather not look, I've somehow found that even
submitting to involuntary sodomy has its unnatural appeal.

Even as Big Linda positions a pile of pillows and rolls me over onto it, cuffing
my hands behind my back and wrenching apart my helpless legs, even as she
spreads my cheeks wide and nudges open my tender, once-virgin butt-hole, I can't
help myself from wanting it, needing it. By now this big bad she-bitch has
ground me so deeply into submission that even being anally raped with a strap-on
dildo becomes an ordeal of sick, masochistic pleasure.

With my burning face and inevitably hard, erect cock mashed into the pillows,
feeling the cool breeze caressing my vulnerable ass thrust high in the air, I
invariably relish my coming subversion. My hot, hungry hole seems to gape with
need, drinking up the little lubrication B'Linda affords me, and I moan with
anticipation as she works it in. Then at last Big Linda Skrue mounts me, sliding
her hard rubber cock smoothly, deeply up into my open hole.

Ah, heaven. Her pistoning hips quickly build up a relentless, pneumatic rhythm,
and my complete and utter prostration stirs awake those strange, deeply rooted
needs and hungers I'd rather not acknowledge. Cruelly taken and subjugated,
brutally corn-holed by this golden-haired demon, my darkest dreams of dominance
and control come violently to life.

Handcuffed and straddled, hard as a rock, I arch my back, eagerly welcoming Big
Bad Linda's violent invasion. Moaning and groaning in unconcealed ecstasy,
wallowing in a taboo pleasure that would earn me the scorn of almost everyone I
know, I can only lie there whimpering and marvel at the extent of my incredible
transformation.

This is what I live for now. There's absolutely no question. This is my whole
reason for being.

Each painful, spearing thrust of Big Linda's hard, heavy black god-cock forces
me deeper and deeper into a final acceptance of my permanent new role: a
helpless whipping boy, condemned to suffer for the vile sins of the entire male
sex.

After all, it's only what I deserve for harboring such sick, twisted desires in
the pit of my pervert soul. Speaking of which, trapped between the soft pillows
piled beneath me and my rudely ridden hips, my rock-hard, long-suffering cock
still throbs ever more powerfully, betraying the animal urgency of my perverse,
overweening lust for emasculation. And still it gets harder, hotter, as Big
Linda Skrue starts goading me on, forcing me as ever to acknowledge the
incredible extent of my ridiculously degrading, humiliating circumstances.

Slapping me, striking me, she slams up into me harder and harder, shrieking all
the while. "Take my cock, you fucking little pig! Take it all! Every inch! Take
it like you deserve! You SLUT! You SLAVE! You CUNT-HOLE LITTLE BITCH-PIG-WHORE!
You live for this! You and every other worthless, repulsive little
pig-slut-male! Admit it! Admit your guilty pleasure! Admit your sick, disgusting
little needs! You pervert! You want my big cock! You need it! Don't you! You
need to pay for having that dirty, vile little penis, and this is how! Admit it,
Slut-boy!"

Big Linda Skrue hammers herself into me, so forcefully that the headboard slams
the wall, burying the entire length of her long, black, nine-inch cock deep in
my receptive anus. Then she begins rotating her hips, grinding that impaling
spike around and around and around, piercing my body to the core and demanding
that I beg her for the shameful, exquisite pleasure.

Of course, I waste no time in complying. Soon I'm yelping and wailing and crying
out sharply into the pillow, going, "Give me your cock, give it to me, give to
me, FUCK ME Big Bad Linda! Fuck me HARD! I need it! I do! I'm a sick little
Slut-boy-cunt! I need your cock, I need your penis! Fuck me with it, fuck me
with your big cock HARD!"

Naturally Big Linda obliges, first pulling almost all the way out of me and then
savagely plunging it back in, piercing me with such a deep, brutally sudden
thrust that I shrilly squeal out like a stuck little piglet on a skewer. Then
she picks up where she so recently left off, hammering her stiff, hard prick
cruelly, remorselessly down into my upraised, openly dilated asshole.

Good lord. Panting and screaming and cussing me out, Big Mistress Linda
viciously takes my virtue, and as ever the sound of her savage exultation
deliciously accentuates my own shameful, burning excitement. Finally, as her
pounding thrusts at last climax in a brutal, spearing frenzy, my desperately
hot, humiliating arousal suddenly boils completely over at last.

Goaded on by the brisk, rhythmic friction between the soft pillows piled under
me and my roughly, rudely ridden body, my pounding, straining, rock-hard
cock-head finally forgets everything I've had to painfully learn about
restraint. Tingling, burning with an insane sensory fire, it slips back and
forth and back and forth against the satiny slope below me until it finally
ejaculates explosively in mind-blowing, ball-draining release.

Spilling my stupid seed I cry out wretchedly, helplessly, listening to Big Bad
Linda shriek with fury. Pumping my filthy hot come everywhere, soiling the
silken pillows with my shameful crime, I know all the while what surely comes
next.

It's the whip, of course, for wasting a precious load of come without my
mistress' expressed permission. Yet by now I can hardly regret that
transgression. After such a deeply demeaning, emotionally exhausting ordeal,
even that kind of strict, corporal punishment has its own rewards.

Lying there, choking on a ball gag, twisting and writhing under the stinging,
lashing strokes of Big Mistress Linda's heaviest whip, feeling my skin welt up
and even break open in places, I let the intense agony sear the humiliating
experiences of the last several hours deep into my being.

After the extreme way I debased myself, there's some perverse part of me that
actually needs this pain, craves it, and as she vengefully flails away at me my
naked and extravagantly suffering body eventually begins to respond. Soon my
spent, wasted little cock begins twitching, then bobbing and growing, and then
finally it once again juts proudly into the air, as hard and tall and rigidly
erect as a standing stone.

Once again I'm ready for Big Linda Skrue, ready for her to use and abuse me, to
rape and fuck me, to take my pathetic, worthless little male body and have her
savage, brutal way with it. And of course she always does. That's what B'Linda's
midnight visits are all about.




B'Linda's Second Interlude: Predator and Prey

I think I must be both the luckiest and unluckiest girl in the world, and all
thanks to one fucked-up guy. It's funny how things work out. Ever since gaining
control of my very own sexual pet, some strange, unexpected changes have begun
to come over me, changes I could once have only dreamed of.

My name is now 'Big' Linda Skrue, and I've been living up to it with a
vengeance. As a bisexual female loner, I've recently developed an extremely
healthy -- some might say overactive -- sex drive, and now I'm having some
predictable trouble fulfilling my needs.

This probably seems strange to those millions of people who just dream of
meeting a woman like me, but I've got a rather unique problem. Thanks to the
creature I like to call 'Slut-boy" I now need to totally dominate and even
terrorize my partner during sexual intercourse. Not many people -- of either
gender or persuasion -- will willingly choose to go along with that.

Lately I've been forced to hunt around for weaker individuals, cutting out from
the great herd of people those either unable or unwilling to resist my rather
vicious sexual attacks. I suppose if I was a man I'd be locked away in prison,
and rightly so, but the bed is the one place a woman can still get away with a
little dominance.

Of course, that's just the trouble. I'm not interested in just a little
dominance. I now need to make a guy suffer, make him grovel and weep and beg for
the incredibly humiliating abuse I heap on him. Like I said before, I've got
control of this pet cripple, my own private little sex-toy, and all the
outrageous things I've been doing to him recently have totally spoiled my taste
for normal, consensual sex. The thrill of domination is just too exhilarating.
By now I've got my pet little Slut-boy so fucked-up and twisted around by the
perverse ways that I use him that he doesn't even know whether he's coming or
going.

I constantly, mercilessly subjugate him, busting into his house, tying him to
his bed and tormenting him sexually for hours. Over and over again I strap on
one of my big hard cocks and make him play the female part, and even though he's
utterly consumed by shame and embarrassment, the little pig comes his brains out
every fucking time!

I swear, I can't believe I found him. What a perfectly filthy little pervert.
Any other man on the planet would run horrified to the cops after some of the
things I've been doing to him, yet he just moans and groans and begs and pleads
and whimpers for me to do more, more. I'm starting to wonder just how far I can
really go in taking him over. I'm tempted to try re-making his entire
personality. Who knows what kind of crazy, kinky thing I can change him into?

Yet still, even as much fun as using this guy is, I've never quite lost my taste
for the other flavor. You know what I'm talking about. I also really like to
fuck a girl once in a while, especially one who's tender and young and never
before been had by a woman.

Now, after repeatedly raping Slut-boy so hard and so many times, I really get
off on playing the butch -- finding some sweet, innocent little thing and really
putting it into her. I'd be perfectly at home starring in one of those "naked
women locked in prison" movies, but things aren't quite so easy in the real
world. Instead I'm forced to prowl the college bars, looking for a pretty,
sheltered young woman with long-repressed, socially or religiously forbidden
longings that I can exploit.

Despite the inevitable obstacles placed by our rather puritan society, it
doesn't usually take that long. With my statuesque, muscular, 6-foot-one body I
stand right out in any crowd, and my hugely swollen bosom draws disbelieving
stares from men and women alike.

Men are invariably covetous -- at least until I get them home -- and I've
learned to tell envy from admiration in the women. Now it's the guilty, darting,
sidelong glances in the eighteen-year-old, just-away-from-home,
had-a-little-too-much-to-drink freshman girls that I look for.

I'll walk right up to some shy, vulnerable-looking girl, and soon my sheer
sexual magnetism will capture her. I go out wearing a brazenly skimpy outfit,
with high boots and a lot of leather, and the exposure of my huge, womanly
breasts generally offsets my rather intimidating size and appearance. After a
few beers and a little gentle if straight-forward seduction, my intended prey
usually wobbles off her chair or stool and agrees to come home with me.

Of course, once I get her home and get one of my "special" drinks into her,
she's as good as lost. Before long her once animated, almost bubbly conversation
gets increasingly disjointed and rambling, and her eyes slide lower and lower,
lazier and lazier around in her head.

Just before she loses the ability to walk entirely, I help her up and lure her
into my newly furnished seduction room. There I force her directly onto the
giant, four-poster bed, and any hope of her escape swiftly disappears. She lies
there in a barely comprehending daze, mutely watching as I strip down to my
tight leather harness and boots, and offers only token resistance as I rip off
her clothes.

Nearly panting with lust I ravish her, climbing all over her nubile young body,
roughly kissing and fondling and probing at every innocent inch of her.

Sometimes she'll cry out, or struggle a little bit, but my sure, confident
strength always prevails over her sludgy drunkenness. And soon enough she starts
to respond, accepting my touch, moaning at my licking, sucking mouth and
educated fingers, groping for my heavy breasts. Then I know I've got her, and
the evening's fun can begin.

I go to work in earnest on her, using every weapon in my arsenal, beginning with
the most insidious: tenderness.

I slowly, gently caress and massage and oil her entire teen-age treasure, that
gloriously smooth, springy, resilient young flesh. Soft, breathtakingly
beautiful skin and firm taut muscle are treated to a tune-up they rarely
receive, outside of a massage parlor, and as my little honey's hazy reverie
deepens I prepare to finally finish up by carefully trimming away the untidy
little bush growing at her groin.

I brush off the clippings and then continue, gently oiling and massaging and
then lathering up the stubble. By this time my adolescent prey is usually so
lost in the bliss of her rub-down that she hardly notices me subtly preparing to
shave away her modesty. And indeed my touch is so sure and skilled, and the
silver crescent of my razor so sharp and keen, that it hardly tugs at her at all
as I smoothly, effortlessly strip away the excess hair.

After that comes a creamy lotion, then more rubbing and massaging, as I at last
stroke away even the memory of her unnecessarily evident maturity. Then my
caresses slip lower, and deeper, and gradually more fervent, until she slickens
up well and her moans betray her. Finally, once I've thoroughly prepared her for
me, once I've established my complete and unremitting control over her, I strap
on one of my hard rubber dildos and take her.

And oh, mama, that's where the fun really begins! As dazed, drunk, or even
reluctantly, dizzily aroused as my prey might be, that sudden thrust of a manly
hard cock never fails to bring a shrieking response.

She may only stir and moan, or shudder uneasily when I spread her open and move
between her legs, but when my formerly gently caressing fingers and tongue are
suddenly replaced by a hard, wickedly stabbing prick, she always screams and
thrashes, frantically if ineffectually bucking under my weight and fighting my
brutal invasion. Still I hold her down and open and fuck her, pumping my big,
hard, nine inch cock deep into her tight, virginal little body like no man ever
could.

Looming over her like a goddess, pinning her to the bed, I take my nascent
little lesbian and subdue her feeble struggles with the sheer force of my
unstoppable assault.

Like I said at the beginning, she really has no chance. I'm just too big, too
strong, too deeply imbedded in her closely-shaven, unprotected pussy. Over and
over again, I slam relentlessly down into her, grunting and snarling in animal
need, and soon she reaches whatever accommodation she can with my brutal
onslaught.

Sometimes she lapses disappointingly away into a drugged, drunken stupor, and
sometimes she fights excitingly against me, requiring an exhilarating struggle
before I finally have my way, but usually she eagerly surrenders the last of her
inhibitions and joins in the fun, moaning and flexing and writhing breathlessly
beneath me.

Then I know for sure that she's really mine, and I can enjoy spending the rest
of the night (and one of these times, just maybe the rest of her life) teaching
her all of the wonderful things a motivated woman like me can do for her.

That's an education I relish, of course, no matter who I'm delivering it to, and
yet until now it's ultimately been one I've always found a little bit
disappointing.

Something necessary just seems to be missing somehow from these encounters. I
don't know what it is. I guess maybe that as much as I love to "turn" one of my
girls, the fact remains that it's the men out there who really deserve such
treatment. That one little disabled man in particular.

So that fucking little Slut-Boy just better watch out. I'm barely getting
started on his conversion.




Visit Five: You are what you Eat

This time, for some unfathomable reason of her own, Big Linda Skrue slips
silently into my room, foregoing her usual dramatic crashing entrance. Then the
first thing I know of her sudden presence is the muted glare of the bedside
lamp.

I slit my eyes, protesting, but as they gradually adjust they once again spring
wide in shocked recognition. In contrast my impudent mouth snaps immediately
shut.

In the soft light, a tracing glimmer of rings and studs and stainless steel
spikes gleams off a dog collar, wrist cuffs, and an oiled-leather harness.

That's an outfit I'd recognize anywhere of course, and for more than its
tight-fitting array of straps and buckles or the way it cradles such massive,
womanly breasts. No, this particular harness -- Big Linda Skrue's harness --
sports more than just spikes and studs and strategically placed iron rings.
Already jutting from the armored mound of her pubis is the focus of our mutual
obsession: hers to dominate and subjugate, mine to meekly submit.

A black rubber dildo, long and thick and elaborately ridged, curves up and out
from Big Linda's crotch at a vicious angle, and I know from painful experience
what she plans to do with it.

Dissatisfied with defiling only virginal young lesbians, Big Linda Skrue has
also turned to men, forcing us to confront our feminine sides even as she
fervently embraces her own latent masculinity. My almost total helplessness
makes me an ideal candidate for such brutal attentions, and so a painful,
humiliating rape is a virtual certainty. The only question here is how far she
means to go in my subversion. Once, threatening to make me into a girl for real,
she almost cut off my cock and balls!

This time there's no knife, but that doesn't reassure me. I cringe as Big Linda
springs deliberately onto the bed, grinning wickedly. Squirming away in
pathetically futile retreat, I shrink back until my head and shoulders begin to
climb the heavy headboard.

Immediately she's upon me, and without a word she starts positioning me,
propping up my hips with a couple of pillows, raising my knees and spreading my
legs as wide as possible. Fumbling at her waist, Big Linda produces two matching
sets of tough leather shackles, and lifting my feet high above my head she cuffs
each ankle to its corresponding wrist and loops the connecting chains high up
over the bedposts.

This procedure stretches my arms up and out, securing my useless legs spread
high and wide above me. Meanwhile the taut chains draw my ass up, raising my
helpless hips to present my wide open butt-hole, and I hang there, doubled over
in my bonds like some bizarre crucifixion.

Uncomfortably contorted, practically rolled into a ball against the unyielding
headboard, I strain against the chains, flexing my arms, but with my cuffed
hands connected directly to my feet that stupid maneuver only succeeds in
lifting and spreading my useless legs even more. Meanwhile the pressure of the
headboard cranes my neck sharply forward, holding my head rigidly up and forcing
my face deep into my inverted crotch. Quickly this brings me eye to eye with the
rapidly swelling length of my extraordinarily long cock.

Big Linda finishes locking me in place, and seeing my growing erection she
reaches down and seizes it, pumping on it and taunting me with the obvious fact
of my arousal.

This is the way she always is, of course, determined to make me admit, comply,
acknowledge the thralldom of my helpless desires. And despite my incredibly
humiliating circumstances, despite the brutal indignities that surely await, the
goad of her derision sparks the usual shameful, perverse compulsions deep inside
me. Soon my traitor prick points stiffly at attention, the fat purple cap only
inches away from my captive face.

Momentarily satisfied Big Linda releases it, and then she squats above me,
masturbating. After carefully slickening a shapely finger or two in her luscious
body's own sweet, plentiful pussy juices, she suddenly gives an eager growl of
anticipation and moves into place.

Chained out open I can only hang there and watch as she positions herself,
kneeling before my vulnerable hole and then sliding those long, lubricated
fingers deep inside. Twisting and probing, spreading them apart, she gently
coaxes open the sphincter and then guides her big cock in.

Thrusting forward she skewers me, and I cry out, a weird little bleat of mingled
pain and pleasure. Once again Big Linda Skrue's thick black cock is stabbing
into me, penetrating my body's most private center in a way that only women
should have to endure. Yet in spite of my pain, my shame, in spite of my utter
humiliation, as usual I feel my violated body respond with its own reluctant
sympathy.

This is how it feels to be a woman, I think; a weak, helpless little female,
forcibly entered, taken and subdued and suddenly filled by the hard spike of her
violator's need. The breathless, demanding urgency of that need is rammed
deliberately into me, right in my face, over and over again, and deep inside my
secret soul something shamefully eager leaps up in response.

Whether psychological aberration or ancient genetic ghost, my brutal rapist puts
me in touch with my need as always, forcing me to admit, to comply, to accept
once and for all that whatever my mistress requires of me, I must ultimately be.
The dominant, overwhelming femininity of Big Linda Skrue eclipses me, demanding
conformity, demanding that I become the tender, virginal young lesbian she truly
lusts for. And despite a happy, fulfilling lifetime of confident male
heterosexuality, I slip easily, willingly into the required role.

I close my eyes, and in seconds my tender, gaping asshole becomes a hungry cunt,
and my swollen nipples harden and ache with feminine arousal. I imagine myself
suddenly fertile, and Big Linda's hard cock shooting burning spurts of life up
into me. Suddenly yearning for the hurt of my necessary violation, I strain at
the chains, flexing my biceps and spreading myself even wider, drawing up my
shackled legs and raising my hips higher and higher to meet each of those
wonderfully savage, penetrating thrusts. And still my Big Linda pounds
forcefully away, jack-hammering into me like a big-boy stud-dog bullcock.

Oooooooh, goddamn her! I begin moaning, groaning, even yelping out with
pleasure, and the harder my mistress uses me the wider I stretch, welcoming each
potent stroke of that vicious, bull-dyke lesbian onslaught. But then suddenly my
rude education in the joys and duties of womanhood begins in earnest, when
something both hard and hot and yet velvety soft gently nudges my lips.

Startled, I open my eyes, and I'm immediately confronted by a close-up,
upside-down view of my own bobbing, straining, thickly swollen cock.

Gorged with blood, wrapped in angry red veins and throbbing visibly, my long,
aching hard penis points directly down at my panting, moaning mouth, an
insistent accusation of perverted arousal.

Staring uneasily at that open-eye-holed, purple-red mushroom stick, I lick my
lips, almost unconsciously, then I raise my reluctant gaze, past Big Linda's own
plunging cock and pistoning hips, past the jiggling weight of her enormous
womanly breasts and finally up into her sneering face. I know what she expects
of me here, and I'm not disappointed.

"Do it, Slut-boy!" she shouts down at me. "You know you want to! Do it now, damn
you! You suck that fucking cock like a good little slut-slave, or so help me
god, I'll whip you bloody and then jerk it off right into your stupid face! You
know I will!"

And of course I do. By now I know better than to even dream of challenging the
will of Big Linda Skrue, and so I strain my arms even more, drawing up the taut
chains and raising my hips that last necessary inch or so. Then, with only a
moment's hesitation, I take my throbbing, burning cock into my very own mouth.

My lips can barely reach it, slipping just over the sensitive plum of the head
to clamp down onto the pulsing shaft. Nevertheless I obey the implicit command
in B'Linda's nod and glare and start swirling it with my tongue, exploring
exciting new tastes and textures even as I wildly stimulate that soft, bulbous
little head.

Soon I'm finding it good, from both sides of the coin, and I start attacking
that hot fucking cock like a living lolly-pop, using my slippery lips and tongue
to worry it relentlessly around and around and around, then plunging it deeper
and pulling and pulling and pulling with my cheeks, sucking and slurping and
swallowing and making wet, cock-sloppy love to myself like a world-class
champion dicksucker.

Oh, man, what on Earth's happening to me? Grunting and groaning, slavering
involuntarily I suckle myself, unable to stop, my cheeks pursing rhythmically,
tirelessly. As usual those cheeks burn with shame, so hot and flushed with blood
that my scalp tingles as well, until finally I'm dizzy with ecstasy, almost
swooning with the horrible, guilty pleasure of auto-fellatio.

Surely, indulging in this forbidden joy damns me forever as a man, yet for now I
don't even care. I've got a hot, tasty mouthful of cock, and as a willingly
transformed woman I can't resist the delicious, incredible sensations of
servicing someone's dangerously hard and horny penis with my most intimate
orifice. After all, I've never been fucked in the face before, and fucked I now
most definitely am.

As I eagerly, enthusiastically suckle myself, Big Linda's constant, plunging
anal rhythm continues to rock my body, nudging that fat purple cap deliciously
in and out and in and out of my tightly pursed lips, giving me and getting me
the ultimate blow-job of a lifetime. Whimpering, moaning with joy, I fall even
more recklessly in love with this wonderful new pleasure with every passing
stroke.

I can't believe it! If only I'd been chained up like this before! I'd've given
anything. Delighted with my good fortune I suck harder, harder, my hot cock
slipping and throbbing in my mouth, and soon I can taste my body's own sweet
pre-come, gradually bleeding out from the oozing tip to reward my laboring
tongue.

Of course I eagerly suck it up, smacking and slurping and loving it, feeding
like a tender yet slutty young virgin on my very first oral ingestion.

Surely my eyes gleam with appreciation, even as the heat of my shame doubles in
my burning cheeks and my head once again swims giddily with arousal. Then I
don't know if the signs of my gladly eating myself are apparent or what, but
suddenly Big Linda Skrue snarls in vindication, and she drops forward, catching
the headboard with her hands and dangling her mammoth tits above me.

Stabbing her long, hard staff brutally up into me, she buries it to the hilt in
my hole and uses it to lever my ass even higher in the air, further contorting
my body and forcing my stiffly swollen cock at least halfway down my now
suddenly uncomfortably filled throat. Then Big Bad Linda balances herself there
on palms and toes and starts slamming her body down, pounding into my upraised
asshole like a demon possessed.

Ah, mercy! Her thick black dick bludgeons into me, and every ass-stabbing thrust
pounds my tasty male member deeper and deeper down my own soft, wet,
semi-willing gullet.

Unbelievable. The two pricks fuck me in rhythmic unison, and between the hard
one brutally rocking and rolling and reaming me out and the hot, throbbing one
sliding deliciously through my thick-slippery lips, my jiggling balls tingle
wildly, warning of an upcoming uncontrollable orgasm.

Still I stretch myself wider, taking them both deeper, deeper, slobbering
uncontrollably, gagging and sucking and strangling on my own hot meat. Still the
guilty flush of my arousal shames my skewered face, and with a big hard dildo
coring me out and the soft head of my own hot cock rubbing urgently against the
back of my throat, I finally once again raise my eyes from the bouncing,
flopping spectacle of Big Linda's heavy breasts to meet the fevered glare of her
gas-light blue-eyed gaze.

Exalted by the sight of me choking on my own male meat -- ample evidence of the
supreme power she wields over me -- Big Linda's lovely sapphire eyes are ablaze
with passion, and the stimulating sight of her violent transport finally sets me
off.

I stop flexing and jerk back, collapsing in my bonds a bare fraction of a second
before my spasming cock ejaculates. Held in place by the headboard, there's
nowhere for me to turn in my anxious ecstasy but uselessly back and forth,
waiting an eternity in that one split-second of delicious dread. And then of
course the inevitable happens.

Purple-red and pulsing, trailing ropy wet strings of saliva and pre-come, my
hugely distended prick leaps shuddering from my lips to pump thick, hot
splatters of semen directly into my helpless face.

Ahhh, goddess! Gobbet after hot, creamy white gobbet spurts forcefully out of
me, slapping wetly against my lips and chin and cheeks, soaking me and filling
my nostrils with the bland, spermy odor of spunk. Gasping for breath in the
sudden stench, I even feel salty drops of it land on my tongue, and I shudder
uncontrollably. My complete, utter degradation is mind-bogglingly extreme, and
so of course my explosive orgasm never felt so good.

As hot, thick clots of my come leap and splat against my very own face, slowly
dribbling and running all over me, Big Linda screams in vindicated triumph,
reveling in my incredibly comprehensive defilement. Then with a snarl of savage
exultation she grabs my hair, holding my head tightly in place and delivering a
final succession of especially deep, painfully grinding thrusts -- powerfully
rotating penetrations that use my own half-hard, sticky-wet cock to smear the
thick come in and around and all over my humiliated, hotly burning features.
Then at last she pushes contemptuously away from me, sliding out of my aching
ass and climbing off the bed.

Leaving me chained there, my arms and legs spread high and wide above me and my
own come smeared and dripping down my face, Big Linda Skrue sits in my
unoccupied wheelchair and lights up a cigarette.

Ignoring my groveling pleas for release, she sits there and smokes, eyeing me
coolly. But finally she finishes, stubbing out the butt and returning to the
bed. She leans over me, and without a word she begins slowly licking me off, her
warm wet tongue ignoring my lips and cheeks and chin and instead patiently
scouring the limp, dangling length of my cock.

Leaving most of my load to dry into a humiliating, incriminating glaze on my
face, Big Mistress Linda cleans my penis professionally, taking her time to milk
me of any leftovers.

Naturally her tongue is much more educated than mine, and soon her attentions
have me twitching and swelling and growing hard. Still she works me, licking and
pumping and rubbing and sucking on my resilient prick and balls until I'm once
again eye to eye with a fully erect penis. Then she abruptly forces it back into
my mouth and re-positions herself before my aching hole.

Looking down at me, Big Linda Skrue smiles cruelly, and says, "That was pretty
good, Cocksucker. I like the way you look with a stinking hot load splattered
all over your stupid face. But I think a slutty little cocksucker like you ought
to learn to eat that filthy come, so we're going to do it again, for as long as
it takes you to get off. And this time you're going to swallow it. Get it?
Every... last... drop!"

And with that Big Linda rears back and plunges into me again.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lance Edwards(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





