BDSM Library - She Is My Lady




She Is My Lady
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Her butler performs his morning duties.
She Is My Lady

Charles Cowin

Chapter One

I moved through the apartment with the silent grace with which I had been
trained. My lady must have her personal surroundings...  just ,so. She, of,
course, had not yet arisen..... time to make absolutely certain that her
environment was ...pleasing. I, of course, belonged to her, as much as the
elaborate furnishings. Slipping through the apartment, I mused upon how to
awaken my mistress...

I dream about slave boys, beautifully oiled, massaging every inch of my body
while involuntarily erect male harem guards look on.....  so pastel, so soft.
Suddenly, a hard smack on by bottom, tender and upturned, brings me resentfully
aware of my surroundings. My man Charles, smoothes his hand upon my warm cheeks,
smiles, and intones in that infuriatingly cool tone of his that,

"It is time to rise Madam..."

I press my sex against his still exploring hand and mumble into the pillows,

"....do me Charles"

I move my hand from a slight cupping of my lady's sex into a more urgent
configuration. My third finger eagerly seeks out her  labia.... the others rush
to catch up. Gentle fondling plus the firm massage of her neck and shoulders
soon produce the squirming with which I am so familiar.... She is wet now, and
responsive. My right hand moves subtly up and down against her sex, pressing
gently, but insistently, and she pants out her response. I soothe her as best I
can.... My left hand is urgently, then gently moving up and down her spine. Her
skin moves over perfectly relaxed musculature. My right hand, buried in her
undulating sex, presses on the known point while simultaneously searching for
the small elusive one... I whisper in her delicate ear...

"That's it sweetie, you can do it, come one my love, cum in my hand my sweet..."

She responds by pressing herself fully against my palm, suddenly growling with
lust and determination.

" Shut the fuck up you eunuch bitch! I'll ..... ooooohhhhhh! I'll fuckin....
ummmmm tell you..... bitch when to ......ummmmm.... Oh! ooohhh! fuck you you
fucking... ooooooohhhhhh bast... fucking sterd!

Milady, now satisfied, turns her attention to her morning toilet. I, of course,
accompany her, it goes without saying that Milady should not have to bathe
herself....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Charles T


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





