BDSM Library - Mrs. Adams, My Neighbor




Mrs. Adams, My Neighbor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story of how a young man lost his virginity with his friend's gorgeous mother.
To all the readers,

	This is a work of fiction. Although rape is my favorite fantasy, I don't
want it to happen to any woman in the world, no matter what kind of bitch she
is. So if you don't agree with my opinion, it's best you don't read this.


   **************************************************************




"MRS.ADAMS, MY NEIGHBOR"

   "Well hello there boys!" Mrs. Adams said pleasantly. "What are you Guys up to
this Saturday morning?"

   Chad raised his hands to show the tapes. "We're going to watch star wars:
attack of the clones on tape, mom."

   The other boy just nodded. "Mrs. Adams"

   Marla let the two teenage boys in. Chad might be 16, but he still moves and
sounds like a ten-year-old kid. Oh well, she thought. At least mike here is a
good friend. Mature and responsible enough to keep them away from trouble.

   He's a perfect role model for my son. "Anyone care for popcorn and some
orange juice?"

   "Sure mom," Chad answered, as mike followed him in the living room."We'll be
in the sofa."

   The two teenagers slumped into the couch and prepared to watch the tapes.
Actually, mike had already seen the film, but didn't tell Chad. He just wanted
to be in Chad's house to see Marla.

   Ever since mike remembered masturbating, he was already fantasizing about
Marla Adams, MRS. Marla Adams. Marla is Chad's mom. Chad is, well, my best
friend ever since the 3rd grade. Mrs. Adams is married to a cop, Greg Adams. A 6
ft. guy who probably outweighs my old man by about a 100 lbs., all in pure
muscles. For me, Chad's old man is probably the luckiest guy in the world. Just
imagine it: the star quarterback in his time, successful in his field of
interest and married to the most gorgeous girl in the world!

   I'm not kidding. Mrs. Adams was a cheerleader when she was16, the class
president and the homecoming queen. Twenty years later, she still retains her
perfect body. Firm, luscious breast; legs that seems to stretched for miles;
skin unblemished as a porcelain; and those blond wavy hair! I wonder how many
times Greg fuck her in a day? If I'm Greg, I'm never gonna go to work. Instead,
I'll fuck my wife all day long.

   By the way, my name is mike sommers. I'm 17 yrs. old and the neighbor of the
Adams. You could say I'm your average guy. I'm an inch away from becoming a 6
footer myself, and I had a thick unruly brown hair. If I could just take away my
freckles and shorten my nose a little bit, some people might even consider me
quite handsome. But my dick is a different story. If there is anything I am
proud of my body, then that would be my penis. "Enormous" is the only adjective
that comes to mind if you have to describe it. 4 inches when normal, 7 1/2 if
fully erect. A pure muscle of fucking machine!

   30 minutes through the show, mike stood up and asked Chad for some soda. "In
the kitchen," Chad replied, totally engrossed in what he was watching. "Help
yourself."

   'Shit head!' mike muttered, as he stood up. 'The only reason I'm tolerating
you, you piece of shit, is because of your goddamn gorgeous mom', mike thought.

   He was still trying to comprehend how the hell Greg the superman and his
goddess wife could ever have a pea-brain shmuck for a child, when the phone
rang.

   Chad absently grabbed the phone at the 3rd ring and said, "Hello? Adams
residence?"

   Mike barely heard Chad although he started shouting to his mom upstairs that
some friends of hers were calling. But when Marla's sweet voice came, she
instantly received his total attention. She answered, "Tell them I'm in the
shower, honey. I'll call them back after 30 minutes."

   Imagining Marla in the shower naked was enough to give him a powerful
erection. 'Oh god,' he thought. 'I've got to stop this, this is crazy!' But he
knew he couldn't do anything. He was a slave of his own body. He forced himself
to calm down, to make his penis relax. He could not possibly walked back in the
sofa with an obvious and embarrassing erection.

   As he struggled with his minor predicament, Chad received another phone call.
This time it was jenny, Chad's girlfriend. 'Oh shit' mike murmured, knowing that
Chad would start talking with miss know-it-all-bitch all day long and forget
about him. But as soon as that thought ran through his mind, a flicker of an
idea started to develop in his brain. "Maybe this isn't that bad after all."

   He took a deep breath and planned to do something he always fantasized doing
before. He will go to Marla's bedroom while everyone is busy and go to the
drawers and steal some of Mrs. Adam's sweet smelling lingerie.

   After checking that Chad is indeed totally entranced in the phone, mike
cautiously started climbing the stairs. Sweat started to form at the base of his
forehead. 'This is crazy! This is crazy!' kept screaming at the back of his mind
over and over again.

   As he reached the top of the stairs, he released a silent sighed. "Now the
hard part begins," he said nervously. 'Come on mikey ol' pal, you can do it...'

   Gingerly, he opened the door to Marla's private bedroom. He could swear that
the creaking sound caused by the opening of the door could be heard at the next
house. He quickly scanned the place; the king-sized bed dominated the dimly
lighted room. To the right is a door that leads into the bathroom. A sofa was
facing the bed with beautifully ornamented lamppost at its sides. A large mirror
hangs at one side of the room. 'Oh shit! No drawers! But wait, there's a cabinet
at the other side. That's probably where they kept their things. It's certainly
is big enough.

   He took a step inside the room but suddenly stop. The shower at the bathroom
momentarily took his attention. Mrs. Adams was definitely humming a medley. Her
voice was overlapping with the falling water that it creates an eerie sound.
Like static in the radio. What if she suddenly comes out and saw him rummaging
through her underwear? He would die of shame! He could already hear Mrs. Adams
screaming. Mike could feel his damped shirt already soaked in perspiration.
'Stop it you chicken shit!' He thought angrily. 'Think about the reward you'll
get if you pull this off!'

   Again he forced himself to move inside the room. 'This is no time for
finesse' He thought. And with controlled panic, he quickly opened the cabinet
and look for panties and bras.

   There it is! He took one panty and put it in his nose. Already conscious of
his erect maleness, he took one deep breath and savored the aroma. I hope I
could get the panty she just recently worn, now that would be a kick.

   Then something violently brought him back to reality. Footsteps! At the
stairs! Somebody is coming up! Chad is coming up! Oh shit! Chad saw me go up and
now is trying to catch me in the act. With a speed he never thought he had, mike
pushed himself into the cabinet and closed it silently. Just as soon as he did
that, he cursed himself. Now I'm dead! What possible excuse could I have when
they saw me inside their cabinet holding Marla's underwear in my hand?

   "I'm home sweetheart!" a deep husky voice filled the room. Oh my god! Mike
didn't know if he was about to cry or wet his pants or both. It's Mr. Adams!
It's Robocop Greg! The cabinet has a downcast opening effectively giving someone
inside a good view outside yet you could not see someone inside if you're
outside. The cabinet was designed so that it could maintain air circulation,
certainly forgetting that it could perfectly be use also for peeping. Mike
watched as Greg, with that easy confident swagger, entered the room. His
powerful arms and biceps seem to flex without conscious effort or intention on
Greg's part. Mike swallowed hard involuntarily, even though his throat was dry.
With one finger, Greg could easily kill him. Oh god, what have I done!

   "Marla, where are you?"

   "Just a minute, Greg. I'm in the shower..." Marla responded. Mike absently
noticed that somehow, the warmth in her voice gradually diminished.

   But Greg was impatient. "Get the fuck in here, Marla!" Mrs. Adams did not
reply, but you could hear the water volume diminished. Then the sound of clothes
was heard as she started to dry her wet body.    Seemingly satisfied for the
moment, Greg sat in the sofa and started unbuttoning his crisp uniform. Hard
well-muscled chest glistened from the low light being emitted from the table
lamp. 'I wished I had a body like his' mike thought enviously. Mike then
continued to observe as Greg took his shoes and socks off.

   Then all of a sudden Marla was in view. Involuntarily, mike sucked in his
breath. Marla had a towel wrapped around her and her wet hair was falling down
her shoulders. "Your early..." she said, almost accusingly, but with a twinge of
fear.

   "Yeah so? I don't like the food in the cafeteria so I went home to grabbed
something to eat," Greg said nonchalantly. Then he looked up and down his wife's
body, leering. "And maybe a little loving on the side..."

   Marla visibly winced. "Greg, stop it!"

   Greg laughed. "What's the matter? Still sore from last night?"

   Marla didn't speak, but her face was turning red from embarrassment. Greg
then reached out and tried grabbing his wife but Marla turned away. Mikesuddenly
saw Greg's face begun to darken. "Stop playing miss virgin with me, Marla. Now
come here!" he ordered.

   Mike could feel Mrs. Adams shaked in fear. Her eyes were almost in tears.

   "Greg, the kids..."

   "What about the kids?"

   "They're down there, what if they...-"

   "Fuck the kids! I'm here to get what I want and nobody can stop me."

   Mike was taken aback. He always saw Mr. Adams as an arrogant, cocky Bastard.
But that was simply because of his standing in the town community. But this is
pushing the boundary of rudeness! And to his wife of all people! And what's more
surprising is that Marla didn't say anything. As if she's used to this kind of
treatment. No wonder she's nervous...

   Greg was eyeing his wife, taking his time. Mike was sure that somehow, Greg
was transforming into something different. Something evil. His eyes were showing
it with its deep emptiness. "Maybe, you're forgetting our little agreement."

   Marla gasped. "Greg, please... I'd-"

   "Let me remind you then," Greg cut in viscously. "We were 16 yrs. old high
school sweethearts. The school hero and his gorgeous girl. Everybody's envious.
Everybody was thinking that we've done it. But no sir!" Mike was puzzled when
Marla weakly sat at the edge of the bed in front of Greg, and started crying
quietly. "In fact you don't even let me feel your breast in my car! You were an
uptight bitch then weren't you?"

   "Greg, please stop..."

   "But then I learned that you're giving it for free to some taxi driver-"

   "He rapes me! Why can't you believe that!"

   Greg stood up and grabbed Marla's hair and pulled her hard in front of him.
They're faces were only inches apart. "I don't give a shit! The only thing I
know is that I wasn't the first guy!"

   Marla closed her eyes tightly. Her tears were falling freely now in her
cheeks. When Greg grabbed her, Marla's hand involuntarily held Greg's arm,
hoping to ease the pain. But mike wasn't sure which pain she was trying to ease,
the physical or the emotional one.

   "Remember how you begged me to marry you so you won't have to be humiliated
by the rest of the town? Remember telling me that you'll do everything I want
just not to let the other good town citizen know that your not a virgin in your
wedding night? In fact, your already pregnant with that dimwit son of yours!"

   "Yes," Marla said, barely a whisper.

   "So, you have the courage now? You strong enough to let the rest of the town
know that you're a whore? Can you now tell Chad that I'm not his father?"

   "No Greg"

   "Good, if your ready then just tell me. And we'll get a divorce. In the
meantime, as long as you're in my house you're mine! Do you hear me? Your mine!
You'll give me everything I want and you'll smile while your doing it!"

   "Yes," Marla answered pathetically. Her tears were flowing freely now in her
beautiful face.

   Greg relaxed. He let go of Marla's hair and leaned at the sofa. "Good. Now
that you're a good girl again, why don't you get me a drink."

   Marla obeyed, desperate to please him. "Get one for yourself too."

   At one corner of the room, there was a small drinking bar that mike failed to
notice earlier. A couple of brandy, some whiskey, wine, and even a half empty
bottle of vodka were positioned at one side of the table and half a dozen
glasses at the other side. Marla scooped some ice hidden under the bar. Then
poured 2 glasses of brandy. "Make yours straight. No ice," Greg instructed. Mike
could not help being fascinated by this simple, trivial task. Even more
fascinating than the revelation that Chad is not Greg's son.

   'Who cares,' Mike thought. 'I kinda always known that Chad the retard is an
impossible offspring by this two magnificent creatures. Marla hesitated for a
moment and mike thought that she didn't understand what Greg said. But after a
second, she removed the ice from her drink and poured more brandy in it instead.
She then walks back at the sofa and sat next to her husband. It was unbelievable
to mike that she wasn't aware how sexy she walks. Marla handed Greg his drink.
He took it from her hand but did not drink right away. Instead he watched her.
Marla could not look back directly at him and started to get uncomfortable from
Greg's stare.

   After a few seconds, Marla tried to change the subject. "So what do you want
for lunch?" She said, trying to forced back some cheerfulness in her voice. "I
can heat up the chicken and we can eat with the kids. I-"

   "Later."

   "Oh...okay. Anyway, I'll heat it up nevertheless so-"

   "I said later," Greg said, a fraction of a smile forming in his lips. "I have
other things in mind."

   Marla looks away. She took a sip from her own drink. It was kinda dry without
the ice. But Greg told her no ice, so no ice. "I didn't tell you could drink,"
Greg said icily. Immediately Marla stopped. She faced him and asked, "What do
you want me to do?"

   "Take of my pants"

   Their eyes met for a second or two. Marla disengages her eyes.

   She stood up and bends over Greg's slumped body in the sofa. As he watched
her, Marla silently unbuttoned, and then unzipped Greg's pants. Greg helps her
by raising his feet from the ground in order for Marla to slide his pants out of
him.

   Greg wasn't wearing any underwear. Mike remembered Chad saying exactly that,
while he was talking trash to Greg behind his back after he kicked Chad for some
forgotten sin.

   Mike remembered laughing at that. But now, the situation made it anything but
funny. Mr. Adams reached out and took Marla's drink from the table. Mike didn't
notice this since he was inspecting Greg's maleness. It was not yet erect, so he
could not compare it properly with his own penis. But he can already see that it
was thicker than his and it's   already 4 inches big despite the lack of hard
on. Mike was suddenly startled when Greg poured some of Marla's drink to his
crotch. With an evil smile as he watched his wife, he said, "Okay baby, now you
can have your drink. Lick my dick dry, bitch. Every last drop of it." An
infinite few seconds passed as Marla just stared at him with out an expression.
Then she gave in.

   Mike watched Mrs. Adams as she reluctantly descended on her task. Marla
covered his cock with her exquisite mouth. Mike could almost feel the heat her
mouth and tongue were generating in Greg's own penis. Her hands tried to
untangle the hair that caught in Greg's pride, just as it started to grow in it.
Within seconds, Greg's phallus was too big for her mouth and she started to
adjust accordingly. She was servicing the head alone by   now, wetting it with
her own tongue. Mike watched amazingly as Greg calmly sipped   his own brandy as
he watched and enjoy his wife's work. 'How does he do that?!' Mike was thinking.
His own erection was very much ready to burst in the cabinet. After a moment,
Greg poured more of the brandy in him. Marla tried desperately to keep up with
him. What's more, mike intently observed, Greg was pouring the brandy not only
in his hardness but also even in the sides of his thigh. Marla was therefore
force to lick him more. Mike was careful to hide his groan as he ejaculated
prematurely.

   Greg slowly reached out at his wife's bend body and unknots the towel
covering her. If Marla felt him undressing her, she didn't show it. Instead, she
continued to bob up and down Greg's phallus. With a little tag, Greg pulled off
her towel and revealed her body.  There were so many things to take in, that for
a moment, mike could not focus on any part. He was seeing the act at their side
so her breast was in full view, falling marvelously   from her body due to the
bending position. She was still wearing her panty, but it was so tight and
skimpy that it left nothing to the imagination. And her butt was held high, like
a small hill or valley. Her breast, ass, and even her smooth, clear legs were
gently swaying from her effort to please her cruel husband.

   Lazily, Greg grabbed one of the bouncing breasts and weakly squeezed it. Cold
sweat was descending upon mike's temple by now. This is better than any of his
wildest wet dreams! A low moan of pain was heard when mike realized that Greg
pinched his wife's ample nipples. "Do you like that, bitch?" Greg said, voice
low and grating. "You don't deserve me. No whore could deserve me! So work for
that privilege, whore!"

   Marla didn't answer. She couldn't answer. With unnatural concentration, she
kept licking, sucking, and tonguing her husband's tremendous phallus. What could
she be thinking this very moment while delivering that great oral performance
for Greg's pleasure?, mike could not help thinking. Does she hate every moment
of this degrading act, or is she more concerned and worried if someone suddenly
burst through the half open door that Greg left behind? Well, mike almost
laughs, too late for that! Or is Greg right and Marla IS a whore who secretly
loves every moment of this act? Mike's own penis started to find life back
again.

   "Alright, that's enough," Greg said, almost out of breath. "Stand up and
close the door." Mike guessed that his self-control wasn't that perfect after
all. He needed time to slow down, to make it last.

   Marla meanwhile didn't need a second call to stop what she was doing. Even
without clothes, she manages to stand up, and then walk across the room with
gentle grace, like a sensual cat. She glanced outside then closed the door. The
single click of the lock separated them finally from the rest of the world and
reality.

   For a second, Marla stood there facing the closed door. She then turned
finally around to face her cruel husband. Greg had also turned from his seat to
face her. His roaming eyes then slowly examined the beautiful Marla. But he
wasn't alone in this inspection. Mike was already experiencing shortages of
breathe from the sight he was beholding. The close confinement and the sticky
air of the cabinet made it even more difficult for him. Marla's usually wavy
blond hair was damped and wet, almost unruly as it fell down her expose shoulder
blades. But it made her even more desirable for mike, and obviously for Greg
too. Her hair's appearance was magnifying her vulnerability and helplessness.
Her luminous blue eyes, although presently dry, clearly show the residue of past
tears and future ones to come. Mrs. Adams large cleavage was heaving up and down
from her deep breathing.

   'Man, those pair of knockers are sure are big!' Mike thought. 'Big and juicy
ready for the taking...' Looking down, mikes own dick grew even more. Marla's
pink cotton panties somehow emphasize the big catch between her legs. Her long
legs, slim and beautiful, seems to have a mind of their own as Marla tried to
stop it from quivering.

   "Okay baby, now take the panties off," Greg instructed, his large organ
shaking from his own excitement. "I want to see everything that is mine, bitch.
Now slide it off!"

   Resigning from her faith, Marla touches the garter of her panty then pushed
it down, sliding the fabric down her long legs. Mike had never seen blond pubic
hair before. It was short and springy, a miniature version of her wavy hair.

   "Get the Vaseline and put it on yourself. I don't have time to work on you."

   Marla did what he ordered. She walked into the table and found the lubricant
under the desk. She then mechanically lathers her vagina with it. Greg followed
her. He wrapped his arms around her waist, almost tenderly. Marla just continued
on what she was doing. With easy ownership, Greg's rough hand traveled all over
her body. "That's right, bitch," Greg growled, his left hand cupping her
enormous breast while the other begun helping her lubricate her vagina.
"Remember who I am to you..." Greg's both hands were now firmly placed on her
breasts, massaging it cruelly, while he tongued her left earlobe from behind.
Marla just kept still, holding herself submissively in place for her husband.
Only her eyes register a hint of pain and rebellion.

   Both Marla and mike was caught surprised when Greg suddenly hurled her into
the bed. Humiliation now turned to fear when Marla watched Greg with wide blue
eyes. Greg unhurriedly walks into the sofa, took his service belt on the ground
and threw his handcuffs to Marla. She almost didn't catch it but she did. She
looks at Greg with puzzled expression in her face.

   "Tie yourself in the bed post," Greg simply said. Marla could not believe
what she heard.

   "Greg, please don't do this..." Marla pleaded.

   "Tie yourself up. I'm gonna fuck your brains out!"

   "Why are you doing this? I'm your wife!"

   "Your my whore! And you'll do everything I want, you got that?"

   Marla gave up. Her tears were stinging her eyes. But she couldn't help it.
Miserably, she tied her wrist to the bedpost with out another protest.

   "That's my good girl..."

   When she was all tied up, Greg sat at the edge of the bed. He inspected his
wife's body for another minute, savoring every inch of it. He then put his hand
to her breast and played with her nipples. Despite herself, Marla shivered from
the cold contact. "You ready to accept your master. Whore?"

   Marla looks away. She didn't answer.

   Then suddenly some piece of cloth was stuck into her head like a hat. It was
her   panties. Greg pulled it down so her sight was gone. "Greg, what are you
doing? I can't see."

   "Shut up, Bitch!"

   Marla winced when she felt Greg lay down on top of her body. She felt Greg  
frantically spreading her legs. Her instinct made her resist Greg's hand, but he
was more powerful than her. He succeeded spreading her legs without too much an
effort. Then without another warning, shoved his enormous dick inside of her.
Marla gasped from the immediate pain. "Greg, wait!"

   "Shut up! Just relax and enjoy it" Greg laughed at his own joke. But just as
suddenly as it came, it vanished. Mike could see that Greg waited for another
second or two before proceeding fucking Marla.

   The bed was creaking from Greg's relentless pounding. Each thrust was almost  
designed to bury Marla in her bed forever. Greg and mike was totally aware that
Marla was suffering form Greg's assault. And both of them loved every second of
it.

   At first Marla tried to endure the pain silently, but the pain was so intense
that she lost her self-control. She screamed. But Greg covered her mouth easily.
By that time, his face was already contorted from the effort and enjoyment he
was receiving. "You scream one more time and I swear you'll feel more pain than
you ever dream of!" Greg warned, his thrust inside her did not even falter.
Sweat was now pouring from him. "Maybe you want me to call Chad and his friend
mike in here to watch us?"

   "No please...ugh! I'm sorry...ugh!"

   "Good," Greg said, slobbering Marla's tits. "Now keep quiet, be a proper
wife!"

   Mike's eyes were bulging. This scene is better than any of the countless
porno movies he already watched. He was fumbling with the button and zipper of
his own pants, oblivious to the noise he was creating inside the cabinet.

   Fortunately, Marla and Greg were too busy to notice. Then Greg slowed down.
He wanted it to last and so he controlled himself. He was still thrusting inside
Marla when he started giving her small kisses.

   He was kissing her wet cheek then suddenly alternating it with demanding
French kiss in the mouth. His tongue exploring hers with easy dominance. Marla
could do nothing but to submit, fearing more pain.

   Abruptly, Greg raised himself from the bed and sat at Marla's stomach. With
the panties covering her eyes and from the pain from Greg's previous onslaught,
Marla's brain did not register what Greg was doing for a couple of seconds. Then
pain returned from another direction when Greg started painfully mauling Marla's
breasts. Mike could see Greg's enormous penis, erect and shivering. It was
shining from the lubricant inside marla's cunt.

   Greg then placed it between Marla's breasts, Squeezed it, then begun breast
fucking her. Marla closed her eyes behind the panties blindfolding her and bit
her lower lips, willing herself not to whimper out loud. Greg was not only
thrusting his penis forward, he was also savagely pulling Marla's breast
downward to meet him.

   "Kiss it! Kiss it, bitch!" Greg was growling. His head was facing the
ceiling, his eyes wide shut. Mike could see the veins in Greg's neck pulsating
with blood. Helplessly, Marla reach down and tried to catch Greg's penis, but
she could only manage to touch it with her lips every now and then as Greg
continued thrusting.

   "YESSSS!!!! YES!!! AAAAGHHH!!!," Greg shouted, finally reaching a powerful
climax. His Semen spurted out, landing at Marla's neck and hair. It was a large
load, mike absently noticed, the same a normal kid would offload for 5 big jack
offs. He himself orgasm twice in his pants. His left hand already wet and sticky
from his own semen.

   Greg was still straddling Marla, totally spent. His chest heaving from his
own effort. "That was great... That was great..." he choked, murmuring to no one
in particular. Then again he raised himself and sat at Marla's chest, his now
placid phallus pointed directly at Marla's mouth. "Clean me up," He simply
ordered.

   Marla obeyed.

   Finally, Greg weakly stood up. He then proceeded to the bathroom. "Stay there
and keep quiet," He said weakly. Mike watched him enter the bathroom and heard
the water being turned on. Quietly, he opened the cabinet. 'Now I have to go,'
He thought. 'I've been lucky so far.' He started to leave when his eyes fell
back at Marla's sprawled body. The panty in her head prevented her from seeing
him. She also heard the splashing of the water in the bathroom and also
concluded that Greg was taking a shower. She then started crying, low whimpers
so that Greg wouldn't hear her. Suddenly, mike couldn't stop himself as he walk
nearer to the bed and inspected Marla with lustful eyes. Oh my god! She's still
so beautiful even after what happened to her. He almost didn't realize that his
hand reach out and touch Marla's leg. Immediately, Marla stops crying. Then
mike's hand slid up into her thigh, his eyes mesmerized. Marla again started
whimpering piteously. "Oh Greg, please no more..."

   Greg?

   "Please, Marla continued begging. It hurts all over."

   Then the realization exploded inside mike's brain. 'She thought I'm Greg!' He
thought excitedly, his whole body shaking with energy. With out another thought,
Mike stopped her in mid-sentence with a hard slap across the face.

   The beginning of a plan started forming in his mind. He knew that he was
taking a big risk and he is fully aware what will happen to him if Greg finds
out, but he just have to. Even before Marla manage to recover from the slap, he
took her in her chin and put a finger across her mouth, indicating to her to
keep quiet.

   "I'm sorry," Marla whispered, surrendering.

   Quickly, mike unbuckled his pants and jump into the bed. Marla did not offer
any resistance when mike spread her legs. Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! His
large penis awkwardly slipped inside her as she whimpered anew from this latest
violation of her body. Every inched that mike penetrated gave her tremendous
pain, and mike buried himself to the hilt.

   Slowly, he pushed himself inside her, gritting his teeth in pleasure. Marla's
lips involuntarily opened in a silent scream. 'Everything I always wanted', mike
thought dreamily. 'Right under me.' He grabbed one breast and started sucking on
it. Up close, he could not believe the softness and smoothness of Marla's skin.
Oh my god, this must be a dream!

   While continuing rutting inside her, mike grabbed Marla's legs and pulled it
behind him, across his buttocks, indicating to Marla to wrapped her legs around
him while he fucks her. Marla understood and did what he wants.

   Mike looks at her, while continuing his assault in her bruised pussy. 'How
lovely you are, Mrs. Adams,' mike was thinking. 'Greg is a lucky man to have a
slave wife like you. I want to tell you that it's me, mike and not Greg, who is
fucking you right now! I want to ask you who do you think is better for you,
Greg or me? Or the taxi driver who first raped you? Huh, Mrs. Adams?'
Unconsciously, mike started thrusting harder at Marla's surrendered body. Small
cries escaped her lips from the pain she was enduring. 'I want to tell you it's
ME, Mrs. Adams!'

   But he didn't. Instead, he quickens his paced. He buried his face in Marla's
neck, kissing her maddeningly while His hand was busy mauling her breast. Yes!
Yes! 'Take it all Mrs. Adams! Umph! Umph! Take it all!

   Finally, a painful groan escaped from him as he finally unleashed an
excruciatingly powerful orgasm. Then his limped body slumped into her. He could
hear his own heartbeat, or hers, and he begun to get conscious with his own
sweat intermingled with hers. He then heard her crying softly. Mike gave her a
few light kisses. 'Oh Mrs. Adams,' mike sighed. 'Thank you for making my first
time a thing to remember...

   Then just as suddenly, he remembered Greg! Oh my god! He listened to the
water running and realized that Greg was still in the shower. With a sighed of
relief, he slowly and carefully got up and quietly put on his pants. He then
tiptoed out of the room. But before he left, he turned and looks at Marla's body
that is still handcuffed in the bed one last time. He wanted to take pictures of
it in his mind. To remember.  Marla was silent; her legs still spread eagled,
open and welcoming. Her tense body waiting. A Goddess! ...Mike thought as he
went downstairs.


    *************************************************

   Back at the room, Chad was still on the phone, the movie forgotten. "Of
course I love you, honey bun. How can I prove that to you, my..."

   Mike sat at the sofa. Chad didn't even notice him. The starwars movie was
nearing its end where the jedis are fighting in the arena. Oddly enough, mike
was in a good mood to watch the fight sequence again even though he already saw
it 50 times.

   15 minutes later, chad put the phone down and looks at mike. The tape was
already showing the credits. "So what happened?" He asked.

   'Oh nothing much,' Mike thought wryly. 'I just watched Greg fuck Marla, and
then I fuck your mom after he finished. Oh by the way, you're a bastard, you
asshole!' Instead, he just yawned and said the movie was boring.

   "Wanna play some hoops?" Chad suggested.

   "Sure, why not."

   They walked to the door just in time to see Greg and Marla descending down
the stairs. "Hey, dad!" Chad said. "I didn't know your home."

   "I just arrive."

   "Where are you going?" Marla asked. She was dress properly now and it seems
like nothing happened. She was even being cheerful. But mike could see the
drained spirit behind her eyes. "We're gonna play outside, Mrs. Adams."

   "Oh I see," Marla said. "Well, come back inside after an hour and we'll have
lunch by then, okay?"

   "Sure Mrs. Adams"

   15 years later, mike becomes a successful entrepreneur who runs his own
computer company. He had used many women now, but he could still not forget that
one magic summer day at his friend's house.


THE END.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Perfecto


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





