BDSM Library - Sink




Sink
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Feminist is in need of plumber.  She gets one: a female plumber, but just who or what is the sink?  This women is sure to find out!
Sink
By
Jackpot


All the usual disclaimers. You must be over 18 to read this. This story is pure
fantasy. You have been warned. This is for adults only!!!


I was fumbling through the phone book looking for a good plumber, as if I knew
who was good and who was not. I always hated it when my husband was away and
something crazy went on with the house. Our regular plumber moved and I dreaded
the day we needed to find another one. I didn't feel too bad though; my husband
was working for me after all. I was the CEO of a very large insurance company
and he was helping to close a deal that would bring us lots of future accounts
our way.

I came across a name that surprised me, it said, 'Jennifer gets the job done.'
"How strange?" I thought, "a female plumber." It sparked my interest since I am
very much a feminist. It took me a while to mold my husband into my ways of
thinking and it felt good to see a woman doing such a manly job. I decided to
give her a call,

"Hi, is this Jennifer?"

"Yes, what can I do for you?" She had a rather soft, rich voice.

"Yes, I need a plumber."

"Well, yes, that is what I am ma'am, otherwise why would you call me?" I wasn't
sure I liked that remark. She seemed rather smug about it.

"Um, well, yes, my bathroom sink is clogged and I need..." She cut me off.

"You need me to unclog it for you, and teach you how to take good care of your
sink, so this will not happen again in the future." She said this completely
confident, as if I had caused the problem. It ticked me off some.

"Well, I don't know why it is clogged..."

"Exactly, and few woman know anything about this stuff. They seem to rely on
their husbands for all this. Isn't that right ma'am?"

I didn't want to sound stupid to her on the phone. What she said hit me somehow.
It was true that we ladies depended too much on men for such things. I knew all
too well these pitfalls.

"Um, well I don't know anything about plumbing..."

"That is okay ma'am, that is why I am here. I can't make it to see you until the
end of the week, but I have a CD I send to all my female customers. It gives
them an idea about how to take care of some of these problems when they are in
need."

I felt her pitch. I was always on guard for these types of scams,

"Look, I am not interested in buying any CD's, do you want to fix my sink or
not?" I said firmly.

"The CD if free ma'am, and yes, I will fix your sink on Friday."

"Just fix my sink, you don't need to send me any CD."

"It is no problem ma'am. I will ship it to you overnight. You don't have to
listen to it if you don't want to, but I think women should be able to fend for
themselves with some of these problems. I am sure you will find it interesting.
May I have your name and address?"

"She is a good salesperson." I thought to myself. "She is very shrewd to offer
it for free...

My name is Kimberly Johnson. I live at..." I gave her my address and she ensured
me she would be here early on Friday. I complained a bit since I had to miss
work for a few minutes in the morning, but I knew that as soon as I just met her
she would settle in and I could get to work.

The next day I heard my doorbell ring at 8:00am promptly. I had been all ready
to go to my office. At the door was a man with a small package. It was a postal
delivery. I signed for the package and closed the door. It was from Jennifer
Cleer. The plumber I called the day before.

"My God, when she said overnight, she really meant it." I thought to myself.

I opened the package and saw the CD. It said 'Training for Ladies'.

"Odd title." I thought.

I was going to leave and listen to it in my car, but then I saw the note. It
said, 'Do not listen to this tape while driving, and listen only with headsets.'
It said 'you should be in a very comfortable position when listening to it.'

I was going to just put it down and listen to it later, but it seemed very
strange that a plumber would be sending this kind of a thing to her customers. I
was always on the alert for fraud. In fact, I enjoyed bringing someone down if
they ever crossed me. So, I decided to just sit down in my recliner and listen
to a little of it before I left. I popped it in my stereo and put on my
headsets.

"Hi my name is Jennifer Cleer. Does a clogged sink have you down? Are you tired
of not being able to change a faucet or fix a toilet bowl, or even clear a clog?
Well, I am your answer. I will show you just how to be able to do all these
things ladies and without your hubby's intervention, wouldn't that be nice?" She
droned on. I was bored already, but it seemed harmless enough.

"Now Mrs. Kimberly Johnson..." I was impressed, she put my name on the disk...

"I want you to just relax and picture a very bad clog in your toilet bowel. It
has you so nervous because it just won't flush; and being a very intelligent
business woman that you are, it puts a wrinkle in your schedule, an unexpected
turn to your magnificent day. It inhibits you from being able to enjoy your
morning because you just want to get on with your more important tasks...like
being able to dress fancy and beautiful, and knowing all along that those hairs
of yours could just be flushed right down that toilet bowel; but you have been a
naughty girl haven't you Mrs. Johnson?" This was getting a bit weird, and her
voice was becoming slower and clearer. It was very rich now."

"You have been letting all those filthy hairs go right down your toilet bowl. Do
you really think a toilet bowl can handle all that disgusting waist? Of course
it can't and you should be ashamed of yourself for allowing that to happen. I
will be teaching you just how to take good care of your toilet bowl. It will
become a baby to you and you will know of the gentle caring that goes along with
keeping it just right.

Now, Mrs. Johnson, imagine the perfect toilet bowl: nice and clean and working
just fine...the water being flushed...just right...now all you need to do is
just relax...that's it relax...and picture a perfect flush...the water swirling
around and around and around...taking you deeper and deeper into its lovely
gaze...the water spinning...churning...turning around and around...taking you
deeper and deeper into its gaze..." I began to become very relaxed with the
tape, sort of like I wanted to sleep. I suddenly heard some soft music in the
background. This was all I could remember.

"It is such a lovely gaze...the water swirling around and around...taking you
deeper and deeper into its lovely gaze...you are so relaxed...so wonderfully
relaxed...you wish this relaxation could just go on forever. It make you so
sleepy...so tired...that you simply must close your eyes...and think of nothing
but that swirl...yes, that's it...the swirl...whenever you hear me say the word
'swirl' you will become deeply relaxed and very open to all my suggestions. You
will want to instinctively resist but you will not be able too. You can only
wonder why and yet carry on anything I ask of you. All you can do is picture the
swirl and listen to the sound of my voice...my voice is your world...you love
how it relaxes you and takes you down so deeply...my voice soothes and comforts
you...it takes you down....down...down further and deeper into relaxation...you
will do anything to have my lovely, comforting voice to soothe and relax you. My
voice is your world, and your world belongs to Mistress Cleer...she will clear
you of all thoughts...all worries and all frustration...Mistress Cleer is your
world...you must obey Mistress Cleer...you will do whatever Mistress Cleer tells
you to do...and relaxation will be your reward...deep...gentle...soothing
relaxation...deeper and deeper for Miss Cleer...Mistress Cleer is your
world...deeper and deeper for Miss Cleer..."

"M......Mistress Cleer is m......my world....deeper and deeper for Miss
Cleer..."

"Remember the swirl...and listen to the sound of my voice...my voice is your
world...Mistress Cleer is all there is....now go to sleep...a deep and restful
sleep...Sleep now Mrs. Johnson....sleep now...go to sleep now. As you sleep you
will realize that you must play this disk every morning until I arrive on
Friday, only on Friday will you not listen to this wonderful disk. Mrs. Johnson,
whenever I say the word 'sink' you will immediately sink down to your knees
slowly and deeply wishing to be right there. Whenever I say the word 'safe' you
will immediately awake from your trance and see and feel things as they normally
are. Remember your words are 'swirl', 'sink', and 'safe'; and you will obey them
as you simply must always obey me and the sound of my voice. Sleep Mrs.
Johnson...sleep, and when you awaken you will remember only that you have had a
very pleasant and peaceful sleep."

I suddenly woke up. It was like I had been sleeping forever. I felt incredibly
relaxed and peaceful. I looked at my watch and shook my head, it was twelve
noon. I had slept about four hours. It was a powerful disk. I was trying to
remember some lessons but could not for some reason. I guess I had fallen asleep
through most of them. I was upset with myself for not paying more attention and
learning something from it. I decided not to go to work. I called in and said I
was sick. My secretary thought this was really bizarre, since I rarely take days
off, even being sick; but since I already lost half a day, I decided to take in
a early movie on this wonderful Tuesday afternoon.

Later that evening I called Don, my husband, to find out how things were going
with his new contract. Everything seemed to be going all right. I was wound up
from sleeping in the morning so I spoke to him for a good two hours before I
finally felt the need to sleep some.

"I will be at work all the earlier tomorrow!" I vowed with passion.

The next day I got up at six in the morning. I got all disgusted again when I
got to my bathroom sink. For some reason thinking about the sink made me feel a
bit nervous and wobbly, almost as if there was something about that word,
something in the back of my mind. I let it go and thought is was silly and did
my best to clean the finer parts of my body in the shower instead. I was ready
to leave by 7:00.

I looked at my watch and then had a sudden need to listen to the disk again. I
wasn't sure why. I thought, "maybe I could only listen to certain tracks and not
have to go through all the others again." This way I would learn some things and
maybe not fall asleep again. I was very disappointed when I saw there was only
one track. I thought about fast forwarding it, but I never had the patience to
do that with my CD's in order to find tracks on disks that had only one. I
considered putting it down and just leaving for work, but for some reason I
could not. I needed to listen to it. "Why?" I wondered to my self but to no
avail. I popped in the disk and sat down in my recliner again.

"Hi, my name is Jennifer Cleer..." I listened intently.

"...Remember the swirl...and listen to the sound of my voice...my voice is your
world...Mistress Cleer is all there is....now go to sleep...a deep and restful
sleep...Sleep now Ms. Johnson....sleep now...go to sleep now..."

I woke up, and again it was about twelve noon, this time it was a bit later.
"Damn! I did it again!" I thought. I was going to go right to work when the
phone rang. It was my secretary Jill. She was checking on me. I wanted to tell
her that I was coming right to work, but for some reason I felt too lazy to go
in. I wanted to just stay home and relax some more, so I told her I was still
sick. She probed me for reasons why, but I just snapped at her; telling her "I
am CEO and I can do whatever the fuck I like." I hung up the phone and felt bad
later for what I had said to her.

After the euphoria of the CD wearing off, I felt a bit uneasy for the rest of
the day. I wanted to go out and yet I didn't want to go out. I wasn't sure why I
was feeling this; even worse, I didn't seem to be learning anything about
plumbing from this CD. I reasoned that it must be due to my falling asleep
through it. I promised myself I would not fall asleep the next time I played the
disk. For some reason I did not want to listen to it again in the evening. I had
already made up my mind that I would do it bright and early again on Thursday. I
was not even thinking about going to work tomorrow for some reason.

Thursday came and I woke up eager to listen to the disk again. "How could I be
so interested in plumbing?" I pondered as I put the disk in and started it
again.

"Hi my name is Jennifer Cleer. Does a clogged sink have you down...

...my voice soothes and comforts you...it takes you down....down...down further
and deeper into relaxation...you will do anything to have my lovely, comforting
voice to soothe and relax you. My voice is your world, and your world belongs to
Mistress Cleer...she will clear you of all thoughts...all worries and all
frustration...Mistress Cleer is your world...you must obey Mistress Cleer...you
will do whatever Mistress Cleer tells you to do...and relaxation will be your
reward...deep...gentle....soothing relaxation...deeper and deeper for Miss
Cleer...Mistress Cleer is your world....deeper and deeper for Miss Cleer..."

I woke up hours later at the same time again. It seemed to be useless. I just
could not stay awake to listen to her disk. It was just too relaxing. "I am
going to tell her about that when she comes tomorrow." I thought to myself. I
also vowed to just show her where the problem was and let her do her job while I
went to work on Friday. I began to think, "if she is here, how will I listen to
the disk? Well I guess tomorrow I just won't."

I awoke even earlier on Friday. It was 6:00am and I felt very energetic and sexy
for some reason. I made sure I would be fully dressed before she got here since
I was going to show her where the problem was and then leave for work. I wore a
silky-white blouse with a long black skirt. It was an outfit my husband liked so
much. The skirt was tight and revealed my very shapely behind. I capped it off
with black stockings and black shoes. I was hot and I knew it.

Promptly at 7:00am my doorbell rang. I had some nervous energy while I answered
the door. There she was: a very tall blonde with a short, white tee shirt and
denims which showed off her navel. She had very long legs. She was very sexy for
a plumber. In her hand she had this huge toolbox.

She was obviously very strong to be able to carry such a monstrosity. I could
see her arms were very tight and muscular.

"Hi, I am Jennifer Cleer." Her words resounded in my ears.

"Hello, let me show you where the problem is. I am in a real hurry and have to
get to work." I led her to the stairs.

"What do you do for a living Mrs. Johnson?"

"I am CEO for a very large insurance firm."

"Well, I can see why you would want to leave so fast, but isn't this problem
with your bathroom more important right now?" She asked with a smile.

"It is important, yes, but that is why I hired you. I have important things to
take care of at the office." I was leading her up the stairs while we spoke.

"I see, well it is obvious that you do not want to learn about stuff that your
husband would probably take care of for you. Did you listen to my disk?" I felt
a bit offended by her remark.

"Look, I am a businesswoman, and um, well, yes I did listen to your disk. I fell
asleep each time." I said.

"Good." She said with a simple smile. Finally we were inside the bathroom.

She could see the clog in my bathroom sink.

"Oh, my God!" She shouted out, "This is disgusting. Look at what you have done
to this thing? You should be ashamed of yourself Mrs. Johnson. It is because you
did not take care of it, that is why it is such a mess. How could you even think
about leaving this to me while you go to work? I am sure you could learn a good
thing or two from me. This is so filthy. You are not filthy, why let this be so
filthy? My, goodness, doesn't this just make your mind SWIRL Mrs. Johnson?"

I suddenly felt a bit dizzy. Her words were pounding me for some reason. I tried
to compose myself.

"Um, well, I don't know how it got..."

"It got like this because you are just a slob. Where is your plunger?"

I reached in back of the toilet bowl and gave it to her. I knew I had to leave
for work but for some reason I could not move. I just watched her as she plunged
and plunged the sink. She began to pull out this thick, black, gooey stuff. She
rolled it around in her hands and fingers. Then she suddenly turned around and
put it right under my nose.

"Smell that? Isn't it just disgusting? Look at it Mrs. Johnson. Look at it!" She
said sternly.

I was staring at it and my mind was beginning to get dizzy. I felt light-headed,
like I was going to pass out. She kept it right under my nose. The smell of the
black goo was awful. Then she moved her hand lower and began to rub it all over
my beautiful white blouse.

"You don't mind me cleaning my hands on your pretty little blouse do you Ms.
Johnson? I forgot my rags and there are no towels in here?" She rubbed it in
even further, all over my blouse and right over my breasts. She flung it around
slowly and smoothly. Finally I just had to speak,

"You bitch! You have just ruined my best blouse, you..."

"But you don't really mind that do you Ms. Johnson?" Again I froze with her
words, suddenly feeling weak again.

"I...I......I, um, well I guess not, I mean you didn't have anything else to
wipe it on." I had no idea why I said that.

"That's right, that's a good girl, what a terrible mess you have made with this
SINK."

My legs suddenly grew very weak. I had a need, a compulsion to get down on my
knees for her; and that is precisely what I did. My knees just kept sinking
further and further, like they wanted to go right through the floor. They were
so heavy. I could not stand.

"Very good, slave." I could not even speak.

She moved closer to me and then pulled down her pants. Then she removed her red
panties. She opened up her pussy and stuck it in front of my face.

"From now on you are my slut. You will do whatever I tell you to do; and I want
you to suck. I want you to suck out my pussy, bitch, do it?" She commanded me
while pulling my face right into her crotch. I wanted to resist. My mind was
telling me to stop this, but I simply could not move. I tried to speak, "But
I...mrrrrrphhhh, nooo...mrmmeph." My voice got muffled as she began humping up
and down on my face.

"That's right my slut. Eat my pussy, eat it good, suck it out for me bitch!"

Harder and harder I licked as she squeezed herself into my face. I could hardly
breathe. I felt her wet juice trickling all over my mouth and tongue. She had me
so tight up against her pussy that I was forced to swallow it. I have never been
with another woman before, no less sucking one out with my tongue. After some
more grinding she suddenly thrust my head back and pulled up her panties and
pants and closed them.

"Stand up bitch!" She commanded again and I could not resist her.

She stepped closer to me and grabbed my chin hard with her hand. She pulled me
to her mouth and kissed me real tight and long. She eventually wormed her tongue
into my mouth and started to caress the inside of my cheeks with it. I
instinctively reached down to my crotch with my hand, but she stopped me. I got
ashamed because I knew that she knew that she got me wet and was somehow turning
me on. She pushed me back again. Then she reached for my top button and began to
unbutton my now dirty, white blouse. She slowly did every button and removed the
blouse from my body. Then she began to work on my skirt. She pulled it down
slowly at first, then much more violently. She took off my stockings too. I
stood before her with only my white bra and pink panties on.

"Spread your legs cunt!" She yelled out. I spread them.

She took my stockings and tied each one to each of my ankles. She secured one
stocking to the shower door and the other to a pipe behind the bathroom door.
She made it real tight and short so it would stretch my legs wide open. She then
took out a piece of rope from her toolbox and tied it just above my navel and
then secured it to the doorknob. She went back in her box, "Do you know what
this is slut?" "No." I said. She immediately slapped me in the face.

"You will address me as Mistress Cleer, got that bitch!"

"Y....yes Mistress Cleer." I was crying now.

"This is solder. I use it to sweat pipes. I think it will look good wrapped
around you.

She took this thing and began to unroll it around my whole body. She made me
keep my arms at my sides and she rolled it around and around and around. It was
like I was in a cocoon. She stopped near my ankles. I wondered why she left a
larger space around my stomach and breasts. She had encircled it right under my
breasts and then put some over my navel about a few inches above and then
tightly under my navel but around my waist. It was so tight it made my stomach
stick out some.

"That's it! Stick that stomach out for me. Make it nice and fat. Thrust it out
for me slut!" I pushed it out as far as I could. I could not refrain from
anything she said.

She then turned around and went over to the sink and pulled out the plunger that
was still resting there. She came towards me with it.

"I am going to show you what it is like to be plunged, slut!" She pushed the
rubber end of the plunger right on to my stomach. She pushed again real hard. It
stuck there. She pulled on the handle towards herself. It pulled my stomach out
even further. My poor tummy was distended towards her like I was a pregnant
woman. She had it perfectly centered right over my navel. She went into her
toolbox again and pulled out this roll of stringy looking stuff.

"This is used to stop some leaks on pipe fittings, but I have a much better use
for it." She said.

She started unwinding it off its roll and then after she thought it was long
enough she cut it with a knife. She doubled it up and then tied it to the handle
of the plunger with a bunch of weird looking knots. She took the other end of
this string, making sure to tighten the strands together, and tied it to the
nozzle of the sink. It was so taut that it made my stomach stretch forward even
more. She looked me right in the eyes, admiring her handy work.

"Now, that should do it slut. Most new SINKS..." There was that word again and I
wanted to get to my knees, but being tied like that made it impossible,
"...don't get this type of treatment. Consider this special. You are already
being broken in with a plunger and you are a brand new SINK." My legs were
beginning to buckle. I wondered what she meant by my being a new sink. Somehow,
I had no will. I was dripping wet and I could not resist anything she said.

"Yes, my dear, you are all secure now, and quite SAFE." When she said that my
mind suddenly cleared. All of a sudden my will was back again, and I began by
screaming at the top of my lungs, "Help, help, help!!! Someone help me please!!"
It seemed futile. All the windows were closed and my house was a great distance
from any other; and it was up on a hill. She quickly slapped my face.

"Shut your fucking mouth bitch, or I will gag you!"

"What is this? How did I get like this? You are crazy. Oh, God, please, oh,
please leave me alone!" I begged her.

She came over to me with a knife and put it to my lips,

"Now, will you shut up, slut?" Her eyes showed no mercy. I became silent.

"Very good, now what is your new name?"

I didn't answer and she slapped me again. She also pulled on the plunger,
putting more pressure on my aching stomach.

"I said, what is your new name?" She repeated.

"S....s.....slut." I whispered.

"Louder, bitch, and with more feeling!" She commanded.

"S.....slut, SLUT!! I am Slut." I screamed out in hysterics.

"That's right. It is your new position in life. You are a slut."

She reached into her toolbox again and pulled out a cell phone.

"Ted? Yeah, she is all ready. She is in phase one but I need you to implement
phase two. Oh, come on, you know you love it. Of course I could do it myself,
but it would be more fun with you. Okay, great, see you then." She put her phone
back.

"W......what was that? What are you going to do to me?" I asked.

"That was one of my dear boyfriends. Ted is going to help me continue with your
training."

"Please, I won't tell anyone, just let me go, please!" I begged her. She just
looked down at my distended stomach and tugged on the handle of the plunger, and
flicked it some.

"Now, now Slut, I think you are getting way too excited. I am going to have to
calm you down some. Remember the SWIRL?"

I began to get dizzy immediately. Somehow what she said made me feel tired and
soft somehow. I also had that weird feeling of obeying her again, even though I
really did not want to.

"That's it, remember the toilet...the water, around and around it goes...making
you feel so relaxed...listening to the sound of my voice...feeling so
relaxed...wanting to lose yourself to my voice...my control...Mistress Cleer is
your only world...you must obey Mistress Cleer."

"M....Mistress Cleer is my world...must obey Mistress Cleer..."

"That's right my slave. Now tell me, I see your ring. I knew you were married?"

"Yes."

"So where is darling hubby right now?"

"Don is in Atlanta right now, closing an insurance deal."

"And how long will he be away?"

"For another week."

"Perfect!"

"Now, Slut, you are going to let Mistress Cleer just lull you away into a deep
and relaxing sleep...you remember the SWIRL...how deep and comfortable it feels
to just let go...relax and close your eyes...sleep now Mrs Johnson...rest inside
the SWIRL...listen to my voice and sleep now.

"Bitch, she has no idea her hubby is even behind this."

An hour later...

"Wake up Slut, wake up!" I felt a light slapping on my cheeks.

"That's a good girl, you are SAFE now."

My mind became clear. I looked down to my stomach. The plunger was gone. I was
now tied up spread eagle with ropes to the shower door and pipe by my legs and
hands. Standing in front of me with Jennifer was this guy. He had on tight jeans
and this filthy, oily-looking, white tee shirt. I was about to scream when I saw
her pull out the knife again. I thought better, but I was shaking with fear. He
pulled my face to his and began to kiss me. He pushed his tongue inside my
mouth. It was wet and disgusting. He rolled it around inside of me. He did this
for a few minutes. For some reason my vagina was getting wet from it. Here was
this ugly looking man pushing his tongue in and out of my mouth and it was
turning me on somehow. I hoped they didn't notice it.

"Well, well, my little Slut like this, does she?" Jennifer asked while playing
with my slit and fingering it.

"Do you like Ted's mouth all over your face bitch?"

"Mmmphh," I said while he was sucking on my tongue.

"Okay, enough Ted." She said.

"Please, please don't hurt me, I promise..." She slapped me across the face.

"Shut up Slut. You were loving it and you know it. Your pussy is dripping wet
from my boyfriend's tongue action on your sweet mouth. Isn't that right?"

"No, I..." She slapped me again.

"Isn't that right?"

"Y.....es." I said while tears streamed down my cheeks.

"Yes, your pussy is wet, tell me?" She commanded.

"M......my p.....pussy is wet."

"Good, girl, nice Slut. Now, I want you to take you hand (she cut one of the
robes to my right hand and freed it) and pull down his zipper.

"No, Please, Help! Help!" I started screaming as loud as I could.

"Relax, Slut, SWIRL." I became dizzy and then passive again.

"Now, reach down and unzip his pants?" She commanded me again. My mind was
trying to tell me not to but somehow I needed to do what she was saying.

I slowly moved my hand to his crotch. He moved in closer so it was easier for me
to get my hand on him. I pulled down his zipper and out popped his huge dick. It
was gigantic.

"Now, Slut, take it in your hands and stroke it." She said.

"I tried not to. I wanted to resist, but her voice was controlling me somehow.
My hand was shaking as I wrapped it around his member and started to play with
it."

"That's it Slut, now stroke. Stroke it long and hard. I want you to pump it in
and out and up and down."

I began to pump his rod. Her voice kept repeating it,

"Good, girl, in and out and up and down...in and out and up and down...in and
out and up and down..." As I listened to her voice and watched his cock get
bigger and bigger my mind felt more and more dizzy. I started to enjoy pumping
it for her. My pussy was soaking wet. He was fingering me while I was pumping
him and she just kept repeating her command, "In and out and up and down...in
and out and up and down...

in and out and up and down..." Over and over her words reverberated into my
mind. I felt myself actually saying them inside my head. It was like she was
inside my mind with her voice. Making me do this ugly stuff. Somehow I was
enjoying it.

I could see his precum all over the tip of his penis. I could sense he was about
to explode all over my stomach.

"Stop!" She yelled out. "I said stop bitch!" It was like I was in overdrive and
unable to stop. She slapped me and finally I stopped.

"Well, my horny little, CEO is all hot and bothered for that great, big dickie,
isn't she?" She taunted me. I was hot. My body was on fire. I wanted to keep
pumping his cock.

"You are SAFE, Mrs. Johnson!" She commanded and things became clear for me
again.

"Please, no more, leave me alone!" I begged.

"Nonsense. You love his cock. You wish you could still play with his dick don't
you Slut?"

"No, no, it is disgusting, no..." She pushed her fingers in my pussy and moved
them in and out. I was responding to her. I was dripping wet.

"See that my little Slut. You are responding and I am not even giving you your
magic word."

"Magic word? What do you mean?" I asked feeling puzzled, but horny as she probed
me further.

"Not too bright for an executive are you, Slut? Remember the CD?"

"The CD, oh, my God..."

"That's right the CD was used to control your mind. However, your mind is on my
finger right now isn't it?" She gave me a cunning smile.

"You bitch!" I screamed. She promptly slapped me in the face again.

"Now, give me your ring?" She freed my other hand.

"No!" I was slapped again.

"Please, don't, I can't..."

"Give me your precious ring that your hubby gave you and put it on my finger!"
She threatened to slap me again.

I slowly took off my ring and put it on one of her fingers,

"And with this ring I thee wed." She laughed. "You belong to me now Slut." I
started crying.

"Slut, you are going to get down on you hands and knees and take Ted's cock
inside you mouth and you are going to suck on it. I can either make you do it
with hypnosis or you will do it of your own free will? Now which will it be?"
Something seemed to snap inside of me. I didn't like not knowing what I was
doing and at the same time I was really horny for his cock. I never felt this
hot ever. I didn't know what she did to me but I was really turned on at this
point.

"Well, Slut?" She asked again.

I mumbled out to her,

"What was that, I can't hear you?"

"I will, um, do it of m....my own free w.....will." I said in shame. I was
broken.

"My, my, what a slut we have become. Take it bitch. Get on your hands and knees
and fuck his cock with your mouth. Get it long and hard...and wet and juicy. Do
it bitch! Do it while I finger fuck your pussy with your husband's ring. That's
it...long and hard...and wet and juicy...long and hard...and wet and juicy..."
Her words were plunging into my mind again. She kept pushing her finger in and
out of my pussy. I got wetter and wetter. I had begun to orgasm. Her words just
went on and on...and I just kept sucking his huge cock for all I was worth. I
had suddenly become a slut. I was doing it of my own free will now and I was
enjoying it. She pulled my head back with my hair and away from his cock. She
looked me right in the eyes, "Naughty girls who don't know how to keep their
SINKS clean get a visit from Mistress Cleer, don't they slut?" She forced my
face back on his dick. My knees suddenly felt glued to the floor again.

"Yethhputhh." I said all muffled from sucking his cock.

"You will learn as all my ladies do, that you should keep a nice clean bathroom
and SINK just right so there are no problems with clogs or dirty gook. You must
be punished if you can't keep your SINK in proper working order, and the only
way for you to pay for your transgressions is to become the very SINK that you
abused."

I became more and more stuck to the floor every time she said that word. I
wasn't sure what she meant by the punishment. At this point, all I could think
about was swallowing his cock while she played with my pussy.

"Now you will straddle his cock between your legs and get on it. I want you to
hump his dick, Slut. Take it inside your cunt and fuck him!"

"No, no, please, I can't, I have never been unfaithful to my husband, please..."

"Slut, SWIRL." My mind began to leave me again.

"Put his cock inside your pussy now, Slut." I thought about my husband. I didn't
want to do this. I knew it would be a betrayal, but her words made me do it. I
could not resist her commands. I got on top of his cock and started bouncing up
and down on him. His dick was plunging me deeper and deeper. I was coming all
over the place. I never had such a forceful and exciting orgasm in my life.
After many minutes of humping him like a bitch in heat I finally felt him squirt
all of his seed into my pussy. I was exhausted. I fell down to my knees and then
on to the floor. She walked over to me and pulled up head by my hair and looked
right at me.

"What a nasty, little whore you have become Mrs. Johnson. We have a long week
ahead of us.

For the next week I did nothing but cook, clean, and service them. I was made
into a slave in my own house. Every so often, Jennifer, or Mistress Cleer, as
she liked to be called, would take me to different areas of my house and show me
different things related to plumbing. She always seemed to get very excited when
it came to explaining how my bathroom sink works. She would look at the sink and
then back at me with this weird grin, which I did not understand.

Finally, it was Saturday, and I had explained to them that my husband would be
coming home on Sunday,

"Please, please, don't let my husband know any of this, you must leave tonight?"
I begged.

"Leave, but why? I think we should have a party. Yes, with your husband as the
guest of honor and you as the center piece, my dear." She laughed.

"But you can't?"

"Oh, but we can. I told you that you were going to become a SINK..." (I fell to
my knees like I was glued to the floor) "...and that is precisely what you are
going to be. Ted, it is time for us to pipe fit her."

"Pipe fit me, are you crazy?" I started to panic.

"Yes, my dear, I am going to pipe fit you." She was dead serious.

"You are insane. I will never do this! You can't make me, you are nuts..." I
screamed but could not get up off my knees.

"Oh, yes I can, SWIRL!" My mind started to drift off again. "Now you be a good
girl and wait here while Ted and I remove your current bathroom sink. Stay!" She
patted me on the head. I could not move. I just stayed there on my knees and
waited for her like an obedient puppy.

After about an hour on my knees she returned, "Good little Slut. This is going
to take us a lot more time than I anticipated. So I want you to be a good girl
and go to sleep for me."

"But I don't..."

"Swirl." I began to become dizzy again. My mind was floating away.

"Remember, Mistress Cleer is your world...you do anything for my voice...for my
soothing, comforting voice that takes you down...down...down...deeper and deeper
and deeper into gentle relaxation...your body and mind just wants to stop and
sleep...peaceful....restful...sleep....sleep now Mrs. Johnson...sleep...go to
sleep."

A few hours later...

"Wake up sleepy head!"

"What, where..."

"You had a nice, little nappy, now follow me, Slut." I followed her into the
bathroom. I didn't want to but she was controlling me. My mind said no but yet
it insisted on following her.

"Now you are SAFE." She said and everything cleared again. She closed the
bathroom door. Ted was not around. I thought that this might be my chance to
escape her.

"Please, just let me go..." I begged.

"I always complete my work." She smiled.

I decided to rush her. I kicked her in the stomach and made a move for the door,
but she stuck out her leg and tripped me. I got up quickly and swung a fist at
her. She blocked it and then threw her forearm hard into my breasts. It knocked
me back against the door and took the wind out of me. She shoved her arm right
under my neck and pinned me to the door,

"That was not nice, Slut! Did you think that for a minute your pathetic, wimp
body could take me on?" She jammed herself harder under my neck.

"Now Slut, SINK!" My legs grew week and I immediately got down on my knees. I
could not move them.

"There, that's a good Kimberly, such a good little Slut. I want you alert so I
can explain everything to you before phase three goes into effect."

"Oh, God, please, please don't do this to me. I can pay you lots of money,
anything, just, please don't do this." I cried out to her.

"Shut up Slut, you are a sink now and it is just a matter of finishing off the
plumbing. Look at your new home within a home." I looked at the area where my
sink used to be. It was just a pipe now, but in back the floor was sunk down.

"Take a good look Mrs. Johnson. It is not often that I convert CEO's into Sinks,
so this will be an honor for me." She smiled.

"Oh, please, don't..."

"Now, as you can see, I have nice, clear, plastic tubing for the lines. There
will be two tubes running up to the hot and cold faucets that will be attached
to your nipples." She took out a needle and pricked both of my nipples. She then
forced some type of golden rings through both of them,

"Owwwww!!!" I yelled.

"There, these will do nicely. They will simply clip on to the faucet handles,
which will float above your breasts. You may feel them tug as people turn the
handles for water."

"God, you're insane, please let me go Jennifer..." I promptly got slapped in the
face again.

"You know what to call me, bitch!" "Mistress Cleer, please stop this, oh Please,
Mistress..." I kept on begging.

"Stop your whimpering, Slut! Now, pay attention. What I have here is a nice
little penis gag for your mouth. It's small, but effective. It is basically a
small tube that will be placed in your mouth. It will be coupled with this long,
clear plastic tubing which will run down to the disposal drain."

I started to get real panicky. My eyes were bulging out of my head. I could tell
she could see the fear in my eyes.

"Don't worry Slut. I am not a complete masochist. There will be a relief tube
running down so that you will not always ingest the cold water from the tap,
which, by the way, will be purified by this filter before it hits your precious
lips or ass."

"Ass?" I questioned in shock.

"Yes, your ass will be filled with water every so often too. Think of it as a
cleansing experience." She laughed. "I will have electronic built-in timers
which will trip the valves open so you get to swallow water in your mouth and
have it flow up inside your ass too. This will only be periodically, so don't
freak out my little Slut."

God, I wanted to get up off my knees, but it was like they were glued to the
floor. I just couldn't move.

"You will also have tubes running down your legs to let the majority of the
water go right down the real drain; and isn't it nice of me to not let the hot
line go inside of you too? It is just a dummy tube going right down to the
drain." She laughed again.

"But just think, you will have a tube in your mouth; a tube in your ass; tubes
running to your tits, and a tube running in and out of you pussy too. They will
all be properly controlled of course, so that there is proper drainage into the
outflow pipe that will sit beneath your lovely legs." She snickered, "This will,
of course, require high maintenance, so aren't you glad you hired me? I am such
an efficient plumber." Her smile made me want to vomit.

"Now, I would imagine you are wondering what that hole is in the back of the
pipe? I can see that you are. Well, Ted and I had to construct a pit so that you
could rest your beautiful legs in it while you hold up the actual sink that will
be attached to your waist. That's it over there," She pointed to this clear
looking sink that lay in my bathtub, "It's mostly plastic and fiberglass. You
wouldn't believe how light it is. I spare no expenses when I put together my
sinks." She laughed. "But of course you will be charged for all these items."
Her humor made me want to cry.

"I wanted you on your knees, but Ted made me realize that you could not
withstand that all day long. Oh, don't worry, I knew that you could not take
that all day long on your knees, I was just kidding. Actually, Ted and I have
designed many of these platforms for our customers or should I say sinks. It was
already built. We have many of these in stock. We simply had to install it. It
will move up and down so that you can periodically rest on your knees or even on
your butt. All timed of course.

Your legs will be encased in rubber up to your waist and the tubes will be
form-fit to your body. Of course I will give your pussy plenty of breathing
room. The rubber will have a nice hole to allow your pretty cunt to be exposed
to anyone who wants to open the cabinet doors that will be a part of you, Sink!"
God, my knees felt like they would go through the floor every time she said that
word.

My mind was beginning to close off on me. I could not believe all of this was
happening. "Surely, this had to be a nightmare?" I thought to myself, "If only I
hadn't listened to the CD. I would have had more resistance to her. If only..."
But 'if only' was too late!

"Well, Slut, it is time to pipe fit you. I think I will start with the gag
tube..."

"Wait, what about nutrition, how will I get food?" I was trying to postpone it
somehow.

"Oh, you see this gag will have a harness that straps to your head, so anyone
can remove it, anyone except you, of course. Your hands will be tied to the
rubbers. It will be up to your husband to decide if and when you get fed."

"My husband?" I shouted out.

"Yes, you stupid bitch. We have been planning this for about two years now, just
waiting and hoping for the right setup."

"But I called you? I found you in the phone book?" I was in a state of shock.

"Oh, that was just a little subliminal message so you would call me. Remember
that new nature disk your husband gave you about six months ago?"

"Oh, my God, no?" I remembered it all to well.

"Yes, there were hidden messages on it. I made that disk. It simply helped to
reinforce your need to call me. It just wasn't happenstance that you found my
ad. It took Don a few weeks to properly clog that sink of yours. He did a good
job, wouldn't you say?" She chuckled.

"But...I mean...why?" I said with tears in my eyes.

"Oh, I am not interested in your husband. I have my Teddy. I did this all for
money, hon. You see, all your feminist ways finally got to your precious Don.
You treated him like shit, and as they say, payback is a bitch!"

"Please, Jennifer, please let me go, have mercy?" I begged. I was surprised she
did not hit me again for not calling her Mistress.

"Awe, such a sweetie, but I am afraid the wheels are in motion now.
Incidentally, I have a document for you to sign. It gives power of attorney to
your husband enabling him to take over all your assets. I am sure a business
woman like you is familiar with it?" She asked mockingly as she gathered the
document from her toolbox and placed it on the floor in front of me with a pen.

"I will never sign that document, bitch!" I shouted at her and spit on it.

"Oh, but you will my dear. SWIRL." The word resounded in my head again. I tried
to resist it but I could not fight it. I grew weak and dizzy. My mind was
floating away again.

"Now be a good girl and sign this document, that's it." She commanded.

I picked up the pen. My hand was shaking. I tried desperately to resist her
command, but I was losing control. I knew the implications of what I was about
to do, but I could not stop myself.

"That's it, be a good girl and sign your life away for me!" Her voice was firm
and demanding. I could not refuse her. I signed it.

"Good girl. Now that this is out of the way we can continue. Open your mouth for
me now, Slut!"

"I tried to keep it shut, but her voice made me do it. I opened it up for her."

"Now, I will just place this penis tube in your mouth and we will be on our
way."

"Mmmphh." I grunted as she put it in my mouth. She secured the harness to my
head. I could no longer speak.

"Now, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Kimberly Johnson...I want you to just listen to the
sound of my voice...my voice is your world...you belong to me...Mistress Cleer
is your world...your world is Miss Cleer, as you go deeper and deeper into
trance...so comforting...so soothing to just listen to the sound of my
voice...Mistress Cleer is your world...your world is Miss Cleer...deeper and
deeper into gentle, restful sleep. Your eyes are so heavy, sleepy, deeper and
deeper into soothing restful sleep..."

"I could not control myself any longer. My eyes were so heavy. I could not keep
them open. I closed them and listened to her voice. I knew that when I would
wake up my world would be shattered forever; but I could not resist her ever
present voice in my mind."

"...that's it...sleep Mrs. Johnson...sleep...go to sleep now...sleep now."

The next day...

I awoke to a bright light. It was the bathroom light. I could hear many voices
in the other rooms. "It had to be Sunday." I thought. I looked around in the
bathroom. I could not speak. I looked to the right of my head and I could see a
sign. It said 'Open my doors and take a peek' . It was an obvious reference to
my pussy underneath the sink. Oh, my God, that word makes me week. I was
completely hooked up to the tubing. I could see the faucet in front of my eyes.
The bitch really did turn me into a sink. I started to cry and then the door
opened it was my husband, Don.

"Well, hello, my dear, are you happy to see me back home?" He asked in an
obvious sinister tone. I could not respond to him, with the tube in my mouth. He
came over to me and turned on the faucet. The water ran down the drain and was
pumped back up to my mouth. I felt it go in. I had to swallow it, and then it
stopped. He turned it off and then on again. This time I felt it go inside my
ass. I could also feel the water moving into my pussy somehow, and then it
stopped. He repeated the process a few times, but it no longer flowed inside of
me, but went straight to the drain. He turned on the hot water and I felt
nothing.

"Wow, Jennifer sure did a great job. It is working just like she said it would.
I am relieved. I wouldn't want you drowning honey." He smiled and then took some
soap and washed his hands.

I couldn't believe my eyes. The soap just went down the drain. I was literally
nothing more than a sink for him. My tears began to flow again, as I heard a
knock on the door,

"Come in." Don said. I was totally humiliated. I couldn't believe that someone
else was about to see me like this.

"Oh, My God, it is really true, Mrs. Johnson, you...you really are a sink!" It
was Jill, my secretary.

"I got to get back to the party." My husband said, as he left and closed the
door. Jill came forward looking right down at me with menacing eyes.

"Well, you don't look so high and mighty now, do you Mrs. Johnson, or should I
say Kimberly since we are not so formal?" I could barely look at her I was so
ashamed.

"Look at me when I speak to you bitch!" She shouted out as she turned on both
faucets real hard. I felt a pinch in my nipples. This time I felt some cold
water enter my mouth and I swallowed it.

"Hem? Open my doors and take a peek. Okay." She read my sign.

She opened the cabinet doors. They must have somehow been attached to the floor
because I did not feel their weight around my waist. I was so humiliated as she
bent down to take a look at my private parts. She stuck her finger inside my
pussy and pushed it in and out. She played with my clit a little. I was becoming
wet. Then she just stood up straight and closed the doors.

"You've got a real wet cunt down there, Kimberly, or should I say Sink." I
immediately felt my legs grow week, but they were standing on the platform and I
could not go down on them. I wondered when the platform would move to allow me
to get to my knees.

"You did this all to yourself you know. If you weren't such a bitch with all of
us and especially your husband you wouldn't be in this mess right now. Don is in
love with me you know."

If the tube had not been in my mouth it would have flung open in shock when she
said that. She could see the shock in my eyes.

"That's right. He has told me to move in here with him. Just think, while you
are here in the bathroom waiting for someone to wash their hands for
amusement...I will be in your bed with your husband fucking his brains out.
Won't that be fun?" She winked with a smile at me. All I could do is moan in
anger as she turned the faucets on and off and let the water flow into me, er, I
mean the sink. I mean me. God, my mind was shattering.

"No one cares about you at the office you know. You hurt so many people that
they are welcoming the chance to see you like this. You see that is what this
party is all about. All your co-workers are going to see you today." I was
beginning to drip pee out of my pussy. I was red with humiliation.

"Now I am going to remove this harness, and I want you to SWIRL!" My mind began
to go blank again. I lost control of it.

"Wow, it works! Now I want you to stick your tongue out for me, Sink!" Jill
commanded me and I could not resist her. My legs were buckling again.

"That's it now Sink...lick, lick my pretty, juicy pussy, swallow my juices. You
fucking bitch. This is all your good for. Licking my pussy and being my sink."
Suddenly I felt the platform move up. I seemed to have two choices, either to
sit down (something was behind my ass), or to kneel. I had an overwhelming
compulsion to kneel down for her.

"What a good little Sink. Good girl, that's it! Make me come, make me come
Sink!" I licked her and licked her. For some reason the humiliation was turning
me on and my pussy was wet. If I could have stroked it with my fingers I would
have. After she had an orgasm in my mouth, she jumped off.

"Well, that was a good start. I am sure you will improve. After all, Sink, we
are all you have now. You did sign you life away to Don, remember?" I remembered
all too well.

"Oh, don't worry, Sink, we are not going to keep you here permanently. We are
just going to have some fun with you for a while. You will then be released. We
are not that cruel. However, when we do let you go, you will realize everything
that you lost, and maybe when you build your life back up again, you will
understand that treating people, all people, with respect is the best course to
take in life. Now our guests would like to take some snapshots of you." Somehow
there was hope. I wasn't going to be a Sink forever. It was a great relief to
me. Tears flowed down my cheeks. Jill opened the bathroom door,

"Okay everyone, the time has come. Get your cameras ready. Don and I would like
to show you our new sink. It is a splendid new model that I am sure you will all
love."

I could hear the laughter of everyone in the crowd. All my co-workers were
coming in to look at me. Flashes went off everywhere. I could hear dirty
references about me all over the place.

"Look at her, look at her now. She is just a sink, nothing more than a sink."


The End


Comments
Jackpot
HotStorm@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jackpot


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





