BDSM Library - Lady in Waiting




Lady in Waiting
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She was lonely, looking for love, but she found her Master of the Commanders very persuasive indeed.
						Lady in Waiting
						WaterStar


"Come in my dear, you may call me Master", he told me as my eyes adjusted to the
light, after having been blindfolded for, well, what seemed like hours.  "Yes,
Sir"...and realised my mistake, before I could apologise, I was unceremoniously
slapped across my face, "Master, you may call me Master".  My cheek stung, how
did I get into this, I wondered . . .

I cast my mind back to the ad I placed in a Personals column, only last month;
Lady in Waiting: Petite female seeks strong male company for going out or
staying in...blah, blah, blah, I cannot recall...anyway now, here I, In Waiting,
so to speak.

We had arranged, after all the introductory calls ect., to meet at Lizzies Wine
Bar.  He is tall, athletically built, with the most expressive hands.  We hit it
off straight away, and chatted all night.  We arranged another date; it all
seemed to be going well, he even introduced me to his friend Errol.

Master enters my line of vision, smiling at me, "and how are we enjoying
tonight's date?" Bringing me back to the situation on hand, I am speechless; I
seem to have gotten into a situation...this information takes a few minutes to
register in my head, as Master tilts his head, a sardonic smile, saying, "you
did want to be trained?"  I looked at him quizzically, "to be a dungeon slave,
Lady In Waiting", he stated.  The horror began to sink in.

"Your first lesson, do not look me in my face or eyes, only if I command you
to."  I looked at him, he slapped me, tears begin to flow, another blow, this
time in my stomach, "and no fucking tears, got that?" "Yes, Sir", he growled and
side swiped my left breast "Master," he shouted.

Ouch, that really hurt, my tears would not stop flowing.  "You are a very
disobedient Lady in Waiting, there is only one solution to that..."from his
paraphernalia, out came a pair of cuffs, "place your hands behind your back",
pulling on them as he said this, hurting me, pulling my hair as he put the cuffs
on, "that's to make sure you obey me."  He hurriedly removed my skirt and
panties, leaving only my ankle boots and stockings on.  Placing a mirror
directly at the foot of the bed, he directed me to sit up, open my legs and look
at myself in the mirror, asking, "and what do you see?"  " I see myself" I
replied.  "No, cunt, you see cunt! I am going out for an hour or so, you sit
here and look at cunt, you better be watching in the mirror when I return!"

Matt (that's his name) returned after about two hours, I did not hear him
arrive; I must be in a basement or something.  It was well equipped, with all
manner of implements; I could not even imagine what they were used for, "what
are you looking at?"  The first thing I heard, and then he was standing in front
of me. "Cunt, Master, cunt", you were not!" came his taut reply, " I can see you
have a lot to learn.  So, I brought Errol here, to help out", Errol stepped into
my line of vision.  He was a big, black man, also athletically built, but more
stocky than Matt.  I was beginning to feel trapped, and my breathing became
laboured as I began to panic.

"Errol and I will firstly train you up, so that you might accompany us on a
dinner date, later this week, we need you to be on your best behaviour, and at
your most obedient."  Matt started to point out how he had already told me what
I am, but he still considered that it would have to be crystal clear, in the
future, because I had been negligent in my duties.  While he was saying this, he
slapped me, to punctuate the point.  I got it!  He reminded me of the no looking
rule and Errol slapped me, for looking at him.  They grinned at each other, "It
is going to be a long night." Both of them grabbed a tit each and started
squeezing and pinching and slapping them.

They un-cuffed me, removed the rest of my clothing and led me over to a narrow
bench, "bend over and grab the bar on the bottom", Master instructed.  I was
completely exposed, from my pussy to my anus.  I could feel hands stroking me,
many hands, one finger was exploring my anus, another my cunt, "I am being
invaded!"  "Shut up", whoosh, my head snapped up, hurting my neck, somebody was
whipping me, I screamed, heard the whoosh, again.  The whitehotpain travelled up
my back and engulfed my thoughts. I felt something round being shoved into my
mouth...some sort of gag, "umphhhh, and argh".

"Good girl", as if I were a dog or something, I was being petted.  I heard Matt
say to Errol, "let her cry, but later this week she will be begging for it". 
"What a sweet arse the girl has", said Errol, "I want to fuck it first!" As he
petted my welts, fingering them, exploring them, I felt his big, black cock
resting in between my arse cheeks.  "No, no, please, I have never..." I thought,
as the whip caught my upper legs, just above the knee.  "Because I love virgin
white arse!"

Matt was rubbing his cock in my hair and face, "I am going to remove the gag, I
want to hear your virgin screams", grinning.  Errol, still with fingers up my
arsehole, began to spread them, fitting another finger in, until all four were
up my arse. Grunting, trying not to scream...not to give them any satisfaction,
I endured his poking and Matt's shoving, as his cock entered my mouth.  "Is it
gonna be a dry fuck?" he was asking Errol; there was a pause, "yes, after all
she is a Lady in Waiting", with that he tore up my arse, unceremoniously,
pushing all the way in to the hilt. I was stunned, momentarily passing out. 
Smelling salts, they brought me round...

Errol was up my arse, to his balls, I think he was waiting for me to come round,
so that I might get maximum pain from the experience...I was mumbling around the
cock down my throat, almost chocking me.  I had never been with a black man, and
I had never been fucked up the arse before.  He started, ever so slowly pulling
out, just when I thought he would withdraw, he thrust back into me, I lifted my
head and screamed, Matt was pulling on my hair, guiding his cock back into my
mouth.

Errol began to get a rhythm going along with Matt, this went on for awhile,
until Matt came, down my throat, I swallowed, because he was holding my head
down on his dick, I had no choice.  I was left with Errol pumping into my anus,
pushing every inch of black cock into my bowels.  Matt returned, he had a dildo,
with him.  It looked like it was connected to the mains electricity...

I could hear it humming, "well if Errol ain't quite warming you up"...  First he
ran it over my tits, I felt a slight tingling sensation, quite pleasant
actually.  He slowly worked it over my stomach, all the while, I had Errol
sodomizing me, grunting, and slapping my arse, pumping me so hard and fast, I
could hardly breathe. Matt had reached my cunt, shoving the dildo up, as far as
it would go. At first, I only felt the violation of my arse. Until the little
thing warmed up inside my cunt. Matt was watching me intently to see my
reaction. I began to whimper, mumble.  Then this scream, from far away...mine,
my arse being ravished, slapped, pumped into oblivion...Errol moving in faster,
deeper strokes, gearing up to come...I felt my body betray me, bucking and
screaming, I began to cream on the electric dildo, and on my first black cock,
screaming and creaming, his cum shot up my arse, drenching me.

Allowed to clean up and rest for five minutes.  Matt and Errol sat me in front
of them, cuffed again, on a low stool, eyes down, and tits pushed out. " On
Wednesday evening, we are going out to dinner, you will wear a backless
mini-dress, with only stockings and a garter belt.  There is only one thing left
for us to do tonight, and that is mark you."  Errol was holding a branding iron,
which was red hot in the dim light; it looked like a Chinese symbol.  "It is the
mark of the Commanders, once you are marked, when we command, you obey!"

 Positioned over the stool, stomach down, Errol and Matt seemed to be tender and
gentle as they encouraged me to embrace the pain.  I was branded, the smell
invaded my nostrils. I heard more screaming from far off...


(To be continued)




						Lady in Waiting (2)

The branding had made me pass out.  When I came round, I had been cleaned up and
a glass, of what looked like milk, was stood nearby. I drank it thirstily, it
had a bitter aftertaste.  I realised I was resting on clean white sheets, in a
bed.  I could not see either Matt or Errol.  I began to drift off...sweet
oblivion. Feeling safe, secure...

I awoke to find both men staring down at me; their cocks rock hard and at
attention.  I was pulled up by my hair, onto my knees; Matt joined me on his
knees on the bed.  "This morning, my little cunt, " he said, while fingering my
branding, which began to sting, so he gave it a nasty pinch, it started to bleed
and throb.  "You will take both of us together, in one session."  "Yes, Master",
I wondered what he meant, then I recalled Errol and his big black cock...oh no,
please, not first thing in the morning.  "Now my little cunt, sit on my cock",
Matt had lain down on the bed below me, he was now pulling by my hips, onto his
waiting staff.  Errol assisted by guiding my cunt to the exact place above the
throbbing, purple, and anticipating cock.  Both men pushed me down, I was
speared, Errol, as he pushed down, thrust me forward, making my arse thrust up
into the air, exposed, branded and vulnerable.  Smacking the brand as he
prepared to enter me, I was hyperventilating, expecting more pain, Errol sensed
this and joked "no pain, no gain", as he spat onto my shrivelled up anus, poking
his two fingers in, to prepare me for the onslaught.  "This morning, I am going
to savour your sweet arse, so expect a long, fun filled lesson!"  Grunting as he
pushed in as far as he could, withdrew, and then pushed in again, each time
getting further and further up my arse.  Matt was watching my features contort
in agony, tears began to flow, and he slapped me for it!  "Matt, I am almost all
the way up her dirt box", as he gave one final hard shove, I heaved, almost
spewing my guts.  Matt was smiling and slapping my tits. "Your face is gorgeous
when you are in pain, my little cunt"; he was beginning to follow Errol's
rhythm, rocking me back and forth between them, like a little baby.  It's almost
tender this morning, but I was in for a rude awakening. I began to moan, one
long continuous guttural moan.

Slap! Slap! Across my face, "shut up!" Smack on my brand, it made a horrible wet
sound, it had re-opened.  "Listen up, my little cunt", Matt was speaking.
Through the haze of my pain and their cocks, I attempted to listen.  "Errol is
your Bumfuck, no-one else is entitled to use your backdoor, unless Errol allows
it.  You are now Branded, and therefore serve many Masters, but only Errol says
yea or nay."  The rocking had lulled me, Slap! "Understood?"  "Yes Master." 
"You belong to me, first and foremost" Matt was doing all the talking, "I am
your Master, you obey me. FIRST!" he shouted in my face, I cringed back, forcing
Errol deep into my bowels, this pleased him.  He exploded, pumping, throbbing,
and spurting.  He released my hips and began to lick my arse he pushed me, by my
shoulders onto Matt's cock.  Matt was still talking, but the sensation of being
rimmed pushed me over the edge. I was cumming, like a wild thing, shaking and
sweating, and a continuous growl escaped my lips, for what seemed like ages. 
This set Matt off, who, withdrawing his cock, pointed it at my tits and sprayed
me with hot, white, sticky spunk.  Some spraying up into my face.  I could feel
Errol bite my brand, Jesus, I howled and jumped away.

"Well, up until now, you have been a good little cunt, but that has earned you a
whipping, shall we say, at lunch time?" he asked, looking at Errol, "well, I
caught her looking at us this morning, too" Errol replied.  Matt said, " you
earned it, twenty five lashes at lunch!"  "I think she is too tight" said Errol,
as he rammed three fingers up my arse, I screamed, " I think you just earned
another ten lashes" said Errol, I shall be the Administer."  Turning to Matt, he
stated  "every morning, I am going to stretch her anus, each day the butt plug
will increase in size, and", looking at me, my head downcast, "you will wear it
all day.  This will occur every day, until I am happy with your sweet arse."

I was sat down on my low stool in front of them, for the remainder of the
conversation.  I noticed the stool had little nooks carved into it, on both
sides, I was ordered to hold onto them, head downcast.  As I listened in horror
at what they had to say.  "You are to join me and Master Errol at a dinner party
tomorrow night. You must endeavour to obey every order we give you, no matter
what.  After lunch, you will do well to take note, not to disobey, or behave in
any manner I deem unco-operative.  During lunch we will show you the preferred
position, for little cunts, who dine with us."  With that, they ordered me,
stomach down, over the low stool.  Errol's voice, from behind me, curtly
ordering my arse up in the air.  "Tomorrow I will allow you to clean up, before
your butt plug, but today, my spunk is gonna stay in you, least you forget this
morning's lessons", "yes Master".  "It will be removed for your thirty five
lashings, but replaced immediately after your torture." All this was being said
as Matt held my arse cheeks apart and Errol was working the plug into my anus,
it had ridges.  I saw the box of them on the floor; one of them has got spikes
on it!

They had me sitting, completely naked, on my stool, head down, peeling potatoes
all morning. The butt plug causing me to sway upon the stool, working the plug,
teasing me all morning. I was not looking forward to lashes-at-lunch...I was
instructed to stop work when the lunch bell rang, and to stand to attention, and
await them.




						Lady in Waiting (3)

Was that the time? The lunch bell was ringing.  I put down the knife and potato,
stood at attention and waited...and waited, and waited, for about an hour, I
waited.  It was a dreadful wait, and I tried to remember everything I had been
told. My anus was clenching around the butt plug and my legs and back was
aching.  Eventually they came, and led me away. No apology, me, stumbling all of
the way, half dragged by my long hair into the chamber.  Nothing was said, as I
was tied onto the rack, facing the mirror.  Checking to see if the bonds were
secure, Matt instructed me to look in the mirror, at myself, as I was being
whipped, as it would "double my pleasure", to see and own my pain.  Meanwhile,
Errol had removed the butt plug with a plop, it slid out.  Bending over to
inspect the progress, he commented, how he did not think he would give anybody
permission, until his arsehole was perfect for fucking.  Matt agreed, having
taken a look himself.  I felt dirty and cheap and nasty.  I was on display like
some... some kind of animal.  I was warned to brace myself, as a ball gag was
placed into my mouth. Matt was tugging on my hair, forcing me to watch my face
contort with pain, and my body writhe, within the bounds of my bonds, in the
mirror.

The lashes rained down upon my porcelain skin, everywhere, Errol aimed the whip
everywhere, and he even whipped my tender anus, which brought tears to my eyes. 
Eventually the whipping was done; I was released from my bonds and bent over my
stool.  Matt and Errol caressed my welts. Some skin had been broken.  Matt threw
some liquid, which really stung, over my back.  Once again I was writhing in
agony, Matt was mumbling what a good little cunt I had been, almost tenderly
fingering the welts as he watched me intently.  Due to my writhing, Errol was
able to slip the butt plug back into my anus, this must have amused him, as he
pulled the plug in and out violently, the ridges tearing me, the length invading
me.  Snot was running from my nose, I was grunting and pleading inwardly, for
him to cease.  The ball gag was removed and replaced by Matt's stiff member,
pulling my head up by my hair, and shoving it back over his cock; I thought he
was going to choke me.  This went on for about two minutes, before he shot his
load down my gullet, his hands keeping my mouth on his cock until I milked it
dry. While the butt plug had me cumming, in both agony and ecstasy.

I was given a mop and a bucket, for cleaning duties.  "When you see either me,
or Errol, at anytime, anywhere, you are to drop to your knees, keeping your head
down, you must ask; what is your desire, Master?  And we may or may not ignore
you, but you are not to rise until you have been told." Errol quipped "when you
see me, you must prostrate yourself onto your elbows, so that I might inspect my
arse", and to accentuate his point he pinched my welts and pulled and pushed on
the plug.  "But first," he said as he pushed me onto my knees, once again, " I
am gonna fuck your cunt", with a grunt, he was in my pussy, pushing and shoving
wildly, as he shot his load, he pulled my face round, by my hair, and spat in
it.  I heard Matt say something about shaving me later.  I walked around in a
daze for hours after lashes-at-lunch.  I was no longer my own being, I had lost
myself somewhere along the line, I frowned. When did that happen?




						Lady in Waiting (4)

Later that day, towards the evening, as the sun was going down, I once again,
had lessons to learn; Table Manners...

As I was cleaning the floor of the dinning-room, both Matt and Errol
re-appeared, laughing... something about Master and Servant relationships.  "Now
my little cunt, last lesson of the day", Matt was saying "Positions at the
dinner table, including manners!"  I was completely astounded; they have already
worn me out today, I thought, could I stand another lesson?  It seems they
thought so...and the butt plug, I was growing to hate it!

Matt was instructing me, "You must always get down on your knees, eyes downcast,
but further" SLAP!! Licking my red cheek from top to bottom, and Errol,
un-plugging me, and inspecting me.  "Anything that is asked of you, while we are
out at dinner, will be complied with." Matt was instructing, "permission to use
your arse will have been given, prior to dinner; and you will not be privy to
this information."

"You will learn to respect members of the order, and you will address them as
Sir", slapping my tits, Matt loved every minute of this; I could hear it in the
tone of his voice.  "You will attempt not to cry out, you will raise your arse,
unless otherwise instructed, and you will follow instructions, down to the
finest detail" Slap, "Got that?" Slap!!

"You, may not do anything, except sit at the table, until you are ordered to do
something." To reiterate the points being made; Errol and Matt were stirring up
old wounds (the Branding) and slapping me wherever their blows fell.  Feeling
abused and confused, trying to take it all in, I began to cry again.  This
earned me another whipping.  Dragging me over to the, what I now call,
whipping-post, crying all the way; I was once again secured by my wrists and
ankles, spread-eagled.  Mumbling to myself, in shock, I heard, from voices from
afar...maybe Master, "This should teach you, so you might remember, we do not
want you embarrassing us when we take you out" Matt said, almost lovingly, " you
must know how to behave, I am doing this for your own good."  Whoosh, Sting, I
cry out, another and another and another...I can no longer stand it, I feel
myself disconnect, floating, floating, drifting...

I recognise the smell, smelling salts, reality, pain, and Masters voice; "She's
coming round."  I hang my head, this lesson, I have learned.  "We have a
surprise for you, tonight..."

"Tonight I" Matt began to speak softly, in my ear, "you will be shaved, given an
enema, and allowed to sleep without the plug", still hanging, strapped up on the
Post, he was flicking his tongue in and out of my ear.  Errol was slowly, but at
the same time, painfully removing the plug.  No plug tonight, I thought, thank
goodness.  "This is so that your arse can be a little tight on entry, for out
dinner guests, Errol's voice, from behind, slapping my welts, bringing tears to
my eyes.  Matt was saying; "I will use a cutthroat, so, I suggest you be on your
best behaviour, as you know, accidents can happen" with the most evil grin. 
Hopefully I would be given privacy for the enema, but no, " Errol will
administer the enema, and deem when all is good n clean n fresh," laughing
wickedly, Master started to untie my wrists, Errol, my ankles. 

I was led, to what looked like a dentists chair, but it had stirrups attached on
either side, and told to sit in it.  Each man grabbed a leg, and curled them
over the stirrups, which locked round my ankles.  Errol was touching and
pinching my breasts, while Master went, out of my line of vision, to return with
a shaving kit, bowl and jug of warm water.  The shaving cream smelled sweet, I
smiled to myself, a little bit of a wash.  "Now be a good little cunt, and you
won't bleed", Matt was slowly opening the cutthroat, which glistened in the dim
light, while, Errol lathering me up, and fingering my cunt, was saying to Matt,
how he was looking forward to his enema session.  I knew then, he would
definitely make it an unforgettable one.  The cutthroat started, at the top of
my bush, short strokes, almost pleasant, Master, frowning in concentration, was
getting hard.  As I was being shaved, Errol, evil Errol, was fingering my little
nub, making me want to jump from pleasure, only, I could not, for fear of being
cut.  Moving down over the lips of my cunt, Master was saying, more to himself,
than anyone in particular, what a neat little pussy I have, and why did I hide
it beneath all this hair.  I twitched, getting nicked by the blade, "oh, look,
you have gone and cut yourself", Master, with his free hand, rubbed his fingers
in it, as did Errol, Master commanded me to lick his bloody fingers, Errol
rubbed it into my cunt, "...hmmmm".  Both men were now fully erect, throbbing,
jerking.  Dropping the very end of the dentist chair, Errol was placing a bucket
beneath my buttocks.  I knew what was coming next.  A douche bag, funnel, and
warm, soapy-scented water at the ready.  "But first", Master manoeuvred between
my legs, "I'm gonna fuck this smooth criminal", with that I was speared to the
hilt of his dick, his hands curling into my hair, pulling, licking my cheek. 
Errol's hands on my tits, squeezing, pinching and pulling.  Finger dipped in
blood, and stuck down my throat, "good slave, little cunt!"  Master was cuming,
pulling on my hair, to illicit a scream, "good girl," he sighed, pumping me full
of his poison.

The operation began, first Errol inserted the tube, slowly, enjoying every
squirm I made. "I am gonna love this", as he began to fill the douche bag, and I
could feel the warm, fragrant, soapy water fill my extended anal canal and my
bowels.  I was beginning to think, this is a good thing, being cleansed of
him...but he had plans.  Time and time again he filled the douche bag.  I was
watched, intently, as my body disposed of the enema into the bucket, below my
buttocks.  This was most embarrassing.  I wanted to curl up into a little ball
and die.  Errol and Matt were discussing me as if I no longer existed!  But I
do, don't I?

After having been douched four times, Errol professed he was satisfied.  I was
led to my room, no butt plug, thank god.  I was allowed to rest tonight, more
bitter milk and oblivious sleep. But the Dinner Party...




					Lady in Waiting (5)
					The Dinner Party

The day of the party dawned, I felt rested and refreshed, although feeling
extremely sexual, it must be that milk, something in it, I thought.  I was not
required to do any housework.  I was to report to my Masters at 9am, I was
informed via a memo on the table, "for fittings".  As I walking towards the
reporting area, I wondered if it was the dress for tonight that was going to be
fitted.

  Of course they had other plans.  Once again I was strapped to the dentist
chair, among words of warning, to be on my best little cunt behaviour, Matt was
explaining just what would be fitted.  I was to have my right labia pierced and
fitted with a Commanders claw and ball emblem.  I saw no way out of this.  "We
are not going to numb it, we want you to feel every bit of pain, embrace it and
love it!"  Matt was showing me the needle, and the long pair of pliers he was
going to use.

  Spread out, I could see him, marking the spot with a marker.  He was taking
his time, making sure I was aware of all that was going on around me. Errol,
applying the pliers, and then stretching my labia, nodded to Matt.  I held my
breath.  Then I felt it, slight pressure at first, building up to searing pain,
as the thick needle worked its way through my labia, from outwards, inwards,
being helped through, by a little rock climbing hammer, the noise
frightening...horrifying!

  I was bleeding; Errol was lapping it up, loving every painful squirm, with his
tongue.  As the needle broke through to the other side, I began to scream, in
both agony and fear and utter shame.  My eyes watering, screams dying in my
ears, Matt was telling me to look, he showed me the emblem.  It had a large,
heavy looking disk on it, with Latin writing. "The weight of this little lovely
will stretch your labia.  Any member of the group, who sees this, knows what you
are for and will use you accordingly", Matt was grinning evilly.

"You may now rest, your clothes will be brought to you, closer dinner time." 
With that, he applied something to the fresh piercing that made me jump, if it
were not for the restraints, I would have hit the roof! I could still see the
needle stuck in my labia, twitching with every shudder.  Slowly, very slowly the
needle was removed, stinging all the while.  Errol had the ring and disc,
beginning to insert it, but without a care, hurting causing more pain, more
blood, more shame....




					At the Table
					Lady in Waiting (6)

Dressed by request, and as my Master desired, myself, Matt and Errol travelled
to the dinner party location.  All the way, I had to sit on the leather seat of
the car, with my dress lifted up, my arse and cunt on cold leather, legs open
wide.  I am surprised, the chauffeur did not cause an accident, he was staring
so much.  Errol invited him to use me, but he had a look of complete terror and
shock at seeing me all slaved up, he declined...thank god.  Matt had a secret
smile on his face....

The party was held in a big country manor, set deep in the woods, away from the
road, people, civilisation.  A buxom beauty answered the door, kissed both my
masters' feet, supplicating herself.  "See here cunt, that's the way it's
done!", Slap round my face. Ouch..."speak only when you are spoken to, cunt! 
Show me up, and I will have to hurt you real bad" Matt's voice, ringing in my
ears from the hard slap I had received, trying not to cry...

There were approximately fifteen men milling around a big dinner table, but no
food to be found.  I remembered to keep my eyes down, not looking any of them in
the eye.  There, it seems were men from all over Europe, speaking different
languages.  A big black dog languished near the open fire, which was roaring.  I
was brought a murky drink, a bitter aftertaste; I immediately began to feel its
effects.  My labia swelling, cunt filling with blood, and wetness, I thought
"everyone can see, what a little slutslave I am!"; finding it hard to breathe. 
I heard the men chatting among themselves, from far off.  I was pushed toward a
stool and sat down by the guiding hands; the dog began to look intently at me,
from his black, beady eyes.  The hands arranged my legs, so that I was spread
wide, dog sniffing the air, ears pricked...wandered over, sniffing my cunt,
licking his chops.  I was saved, the dog berated "later..." came a strange
voice, "later, Brutus", the dog settled down by the fire again.

I was being discussed, like a cow on show, one man, English, from his accent was
really enjoying the discussion, I could tell he was a nasty one...glad of the
murky drink I had received, it had taken me out of myself, I could hear plans
being made for my "being used" as he so quaintly put it, by himself, during his
break from work.  "That can be arranged..."

Hands, an appreciable amount of hands, tongues...touching, grabbing, pinching;
anywhere and everywhere, dress falling to the floor, being bent over; "look at
that little arse, the tight cunt.  Do you like the Brand and piercing, still got
blood...look..." my master pointing out my attributes.  Complete strangers,
fingering wounds, pulling on piercing (more blood as the wound re-opened). "You
have done a good job, Matt, exemplary", Englishman...dirty bastard, was my
thought. As he was saying to me, "kiss my feet, cunt, lick my toes", I was on
automatic pilot, before the sentence was out of his mouth, I was obeying his
instructions; "well trained too".  I could hear the smile, satisfaction in his
voice, "you", he said, addressing me, "will enjoy my company, little slut", he
was laughing.... This was going to be along night.

Thank god for small mercies and murky drinks.  It was a long night; I was used,
abused, filled with cum, in all holes.  On my body, welts, from a whipping, I
remember begging for them to stop, only to be punished, for talking, by being
made to sit on the spiked dildo, causing me to bleed.  Openly, one of the guests
exclaimed, "Oh, it looks like we got a bleeder" and unceremoniously shoved his
cock, to his quick, into my bleeding, wounded pussy; "Dirty bitch" he
continuously whispered in my ear, all the while pounding me. The dog was
watching intently, as I was placed on my knees, strutting over for a sniff, a
little lick, a little nibble, getting more intense as he continued to get more
excited.  "Sit, later..."  The hands, licks, pinching, pulling tugging.  Cocks
invading every orifice, I had begun to feel like the cunt my master said I was!

Eventually I was laid out, spread out on the table, it was then I realised, I
was for dinner!  Sometimes tenderly, but mostly without a care for my feelings
or me, I was poked, chocked, stroked.  Fucked in my face, my arse, my cunt. 
Tits and face full of cum, some swallowed...  I do not believe neither Matt nor
Errol participated, seeming quite happy to observe, guide and instruct.  It was
Errol, who eventually guided the black dog over to my supplicated body, guided
the dog into my cunt, and petted the dog, encouraging him.  "Is she not a
beauty, eh?" my masters voice, as the dog's spasmodic movements, pushed his knob
right up into my cunt, and came, whimpering, yelping.  I was completely defiled!

Matt was petting my hair, calling me a good girl, looking into my eyes
intently..." I love you," he whispered....

The end...for now!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WaterStar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





