BDSM Library - The Camcorder




The Camcorder
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: I wanted to use my parents camcorder for a long time to make a home movie. Now, here was my chance!
The Camcorder

A couple of years ago, my parents had gone on holiday and bought a camcorder.
I'd always wanted to use it to film myself having sex but never had the chance.

For about a year I had been going out with Chloe, and she satisfied me sexually
in every way - anything I admitted that I wanted to try - she would try. Also
she would do things on the spur of the moment - and she always knew how to drive
me wild.

Anyway one day Chloe bought a new pair of jeans, and a pair of knee high boots
to wear under the jeans. We decided to go out that night, and got pretty drunk.

When we got home I decided to chance taking out the camera, just to see how
she'd react. I knew she was already kind of horny - I could tell by the way she
was looking at me - and the way she was breathing and talking.

Now ordinarily Chloe has a really husky voice - and several people have
commented on how sexy it is. But when she's horny - it's gets huskier and she
kind of pants between words - it drives me wild.

So anyway I took out the camcorder and Chloe gave me a sexy little smile. I knew
straightaway that she was going to play along. Now when Chloe used to sleep over
- I'm only 22 so still live at home - she used to sleep in my bed - and I'd
sleep on a mattress which I'd drag up and put on the floor of the sitting room.

So we were in the sitting room, and I put the camera on her - she walked in past
me and I filmed her sexy ass. The jeans were perfect on her - they framed her
ass and showed it to me as she walked - also fit perfectly on her sexy firm
thighs. What turned me on even more while looking at her ass was knowing that
she was wearing a thong underneath - which I would soon get to see.

So I knew she was ready to play along - but as usual she blew me away with how
well she did.

She walked over, and lay on her back on the bed. She ran her hands all over her
body, outside her clothes while she looked at me with that sexy horny look - she
knew just then how sensuous she was - she was seducing me.

So she raised one of her sexy legs in the air, reached up under the bottom of
her pants and unzipped one of the boots. She dramatically slid it off her leg -
letting her hand trail down her calves - kind of gently rubbing the flesh - the
way I would. She did the same for her second leg.

All the time she was seducing me through the camera. She was such a tease - so
good at it - such a natural.

So next, she took off the jeans. The way she slowly undid them and peeled them
off - I'll remember forever. So this left her in just a thong, and the skimpy
top and bra she had worn out that night.

She didn't rush though - she took her time to tease me some more. She rubbed her
hands all over her body. She brought them to her tits, and squeezed them,
looking as aroused at the feeling of them as I would myself.

Next she brought her hand down between her legs, and gently touched herself
outside her g-string - lightly playing - rubbing her clit. She knew I loved
this. I could see her - through the lense - staring at my dick through my pants.
Every motion she did from now on - she continued while looking at my dick. It
was heaven.

So next off came the top - the bra quickly followed this. Her tits looked
fantastic. She's got the best cleavage I've ever seen - including on the
Internet! So there she was writhing around on the bed - rubbing her tits. All
she had on was that tiny little thong. I was ready to cum in my pants.

All this time she was saying to me in her sexily husky voice "Come on baby...you
know you want some. Come on. Get over here. You know you want me." It was
divine.

So after another few minutes of watching her writhe around on the bed, she
reached down and took off her g-string. What a sight. There she was - I could
tell she was wet - writhing around on my bed - just waiting for me to join her.
She kept telling me I wanted her, and to get over there and join her.

So next she parted her legs and started masturbating - just to tease me. She
knew I loved this - and gave me and my camera access to full view of her hand.
She rubbed her clit. She moaned and squirmed. Yet all this time she was still
staring at my dick. She was getting pretty frantic with herself - then she put
some fingers inside herself.

She was fucking herself right in front of me, and she loved it. And she knew I
did too.

So after a few minutes of this she needed some dick. She was soaking and needed
some pleasure from me. She crawled over to me - without taking her eyes off my
dick. She wasted no time in getting my pants off - all the while I filmed her.

My dick sprung straight out - free from the confines of my shorts. She was
delighted to see him - and there on her knees in front of me - put out her
tongue and licked my dick entirely from balls up shaft. She knew this would
drive me wild. Then she crawled away from me - I filmed her ass moving away.

She lay down and waited for me to join her - she touched herself some more while
waiting.

I took off the rest of my clothes and set the camera to film us - I was
trembling with the urges in me - I wanted to just grab her sexy body and use it
to make me cum.

But she deserved a reward for what she had done. So I crawled over and put my
face between her legs. She was soaking - she smelled so good and tasted even
better. I licked for all I was worth - played with her clit with my tongue. She
loved it - her thighs were closing around my head and locking it in there. I
could still hear her panting - even though her thighs were closed around my
ears! She was dripping and I had her tasty juices all over my face - my mouth -
my chin - I loved it.

Next I was in for a new surprise. Somehow while I was playing with her clit, she
came up with the idea to jerk me off with her feet. It was fantastic - she got
both of her feet around my dick and started to rub it up and down - really
frantically and fast. I don't know how she kept the coordination but it was
fantastic.

So now it was time to fuck. We were both plainly gagging for it, and the mixture
of watching her perform for me, and feeling the things she was doing to me had
me close to cumming.

So I got up on top of my sexy girlfriend and pushed my dick into her pussy. It
slid in easily - she was soaking. We forced each other back and forwards and
fucked as frantically as we had ever done. It was amazing. The warm tightness of
her was too much for my dick, and with each stroke I could feel the sensation
growing and growing. I had to cum, so while rubbing her clit with one hand, I
fucked her as hard as I could and came inside her.

It was like nothing I had experience before. The sensation was unbelievable -
and she looked fantastically horny underneath me - adding to it. I loved
watching her reaction as I came inside of her. She loved it. She loved the
feeling of being wanted for the most basic of needs, and just used to make me
feel so good.

So what could we do then but watch the video?

We went into the TV room, and put the recorded tape into the adapter, and placed
it in the VCR. It was only about 10 minutes since we had had sex.

So we sat down and started to watch our very own home movie. I knew Chloe was
still horny, because I could tell by her sexy voice, and as I watched her
putting on the show she had earlier given me, I found myself getting hard again.
Chloe also noticed, for she started to stroke my dick through my pants.

After a minute of this, she put her hand inside my pants and started pulling me.
She is amazing at doing this, and I knew what she had in mind. Somehow it was
surreal - I was watching her on the TV, and she was sat next to me with her hand
on my dick. I was in heaven...again!

I could tell how horny she was by how frantic her hand was on me, and I knew she
wouldn't need any foreplay, or persuasion.

Suddenly she just took control. She stood up in front of me, and in one movement
took off her jeans and g-string. There, right in front of me, less than a foot
away, at eye level, was that sexy ass that I fantasise about so much when
touching myself. Beyond that, I could see her on the telly, touching herself,
writhing around while playing with her clit.

I didn't need a second invitation, so I pulled off my own pants and shorts, and
sat there on the couch watching the show. She just leant forward, took my dick
in her hand, and angled herself back onto me.

She was dripping wet. Her pussy was so warm, and tight - the sensations on my
dick as she sat all the way down on it in one go are indescribable. So there we
were, she sat on top of me in my living room, watching porn of our own creation.
If anyone got up for a drink or anything we were well caught!

So while we both had our eyes glued to the telly, Chloe started to move up and
down on my dick - at a fierce pace. I knew she was seriously turned on. She was
loving watching us on the TV - and secretly I think she was turned on by just
how sexy she was - and what a good show she had given. I think seeing herself
from a different viewpoint brought it home to her.

Whatever it was - I was benefiting. So we both kept watching, and I was helping
her up and down on my dick, by reaching around and lifting her up and down by
her thighs.

After a while it got way too frantic to continue like this, so without taking my
dick out, I moved us both down to the ground, in front of the TV, and got her on
her hands and knees. I fucked her frantically from behind. I love seeing her
from behind because I love the sight of her ass, and my dick going into her from
behind.

So there we were, on the ground, and while fucking her I was playing with her
clit. I was going at it as fast as I could and sweat was dripping from both of
us. Chloe was gagging for it, and bucking back against me for more dick as hard
and fast as I could ram it into her. She was still staring at the TV.

I was in two minds - and alternately staring at the TV, and down at her sexy
ass. We both still had our tops on! I reached in under hers, moved her bra out
of the way, and squeezed her big firm tit in my hand. I used her tit to pull her
back into me. She loved this - made her feel even more wanted.

There was a serious smell of sex in the air - being behind I could smell her
juices coming up to me. It was amazing. I could also hear us fucking on the TV
while I looked at her ass! Chloe was dripping, and my dick was flying in and
out. I knew I had to cum, and soon.

For some reason though, I didn't want to cum inside her this time. As I nearly
reached my peak I pulled out my dick. I lifted up Chloe's top, up as far as her
shoulders. My dick was soaking. I placed it between the cheeks of her ass and
used them to masturbate myself. It was amazing. She's got the best ass I've ever
seen, and my dick was sliding up and down between her cheeks. She was still
glued to the TV. This was all too much for me.

I started approaching the peak again, and this time there was no holding back,
jerking off between her cheeks, I came all over her ass and back. What a sight.
I loved cumming on her, and I think she loved it too - made her feel dominated.

After that, I cleaned her up, and the two of us just collapsed on the floor
exhausted.

We broke up soon after that, but there isn't a day goes by when I don't think
about her - and the way she used to satisfy me in bed. She was a natural.
Whoever gets to fuck her now is one lucky guy, and Chloe, if you are out there,
reading this, please give me a call and we'll make some new movies!

I have plenty more stories about the varied things, which we got up to, but
they'll have to wait till another day! Having written this, I'm a little hot
under the collar, and I'll have to go stick on a certain video!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Joe


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





