BDSM Library - Airport Search




Airport Search
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Natalie is searched at an airport in Cuba.  She is humiliated by the guards and masturbated until she cums.  Her body is abused by different electrical devices and is again forced to cum from the pain and the pleasure.
	I made the following comment on a chat site,  "Is it my imagination
(which is very vivid) or do I notice a lot of women smiling as they are searched
at airport terminal security checks. I seem to see a lot of them with their legs
spread out, arms out to their sides as someone runs a wand over them. Is there a
lot of wishing they would be stripped searched?  One person, Natalie came back
with, "Yea, I know I wouldn't mind."  This is my story to her.
	
{ASSM} Airport Search {Powerone} M+f, nc, anal, reluc, humiliation, toys,
spanking

	Natalie is searched at an airport in Cuba.  She is humiliated by the
guards and masturbated until she cums.  Her body is abused by different
electrical devices and if again forced to cum from the pain and the pleasure.

Copyrighted 2002 by Powerone (controlher@hotmail.com)




Airport Search

	Natalie was just starting her vacation.  This was the first time she had
flown on an airplane since 9-11.  She had seen all of the news reports regarding
security at the airports and had seen where they were using wands to check
passengers for metal objects and now had more sophisticated devices to detect
explosives.  The United States were still just using wands, but other countries
have been trying the new and more sophisticated gear, mainly to make sure that
tourists would continue to come to their countries.  Natalie did not worry about
the security, in fact, the searching had a tendency to excite her.  She often
imagined that she was stopped and they forced her to undergo a search when she
was masturbating (which seemed to be too often since she broke up with her
boyfriend).

	Natalie had chosen Cuba to visit for her vacation.  The United States
had just begun to allow visitors and Natalie wanted to be one of the first.  Her
first plane ride from Miami to Havana had been uneventful.  She had passed
through normal security with no trouble and was not randomly selected to be
searched at the gate.  She was now in Havana, ready to take a small plane ride
to Santiago.

	Natalie disembarked her United flight and had to go to the older
terminal, used by the locals.  This required going across the street from the
new, gleaming modern terminal to the old 50-year old building.
	
	Natalie entered the terminal, a dismal, dirty building.  She did not
hear anyone speaking English, only Spanish.  She recognized the symbol for the
airline she was taking in the furthest corner of the building.  She walked
across the open terminal, eyes watching her as she walked.  There had not been
many Americans in Cuba, never a beautiful girl like Natalie.  Natalie stood at a
little over five-foot-five, brown hair, shoulder length, slim waist, long legs
and gorgeous breasts.  She was twenty-five years old.  She had a very active sex
life, but since her breakup with her boyfriend, she did not seem to have the
interest or the good luck to find anyone that interested her.  Masturbation and
fantasies seem to be her only sexual release, the humiliation of searches
becoming more prevalent in her fantasies. 
	
	She finally managed to make it across the terminal, almost all eyes
following her as she did.  He went to the counter, a short, slightly balding
attendant standing behind it. 
	
	She took her passport and ticket and passed it over the counter.  He
picked it up, leafed through the tickets and passport and checked a book in
front of him.  He spoke a few words to her in Spanish, her puzzled look
conveying he lack of understanding of the Spanish language.  He handed her
passport and ticket back to her, pointed to the corner of the terminal and held
up three fingers.  Natalie assumed that he meant three hours, dreading the wait
in the dismal terminal.
	
	Natalie looked to the corner where the attendant had pointed.  There was
a door that led out to where an old, two engine prop plane stood, workman busily
attempting to get it ready to fly.  Next to it, an uniformed guard or police
officer, Natalie now being able to ascertain which, stood next to a table with
various electronic instruments.  They seemed similar to the wands used by US
airports.  There was a partition next to the table blocking out whatever was on
the other side.
	
	The guard was young, very muscular, about six feet and dark skinned. 
When he saw Natalie move toward one of the seats, he motioned her over.  They
had been waiting for her and preparing for her arrival for three days.  There
were three guards in the terminal, Gomez, Jose and Ricardo.  They knew an
American gringo would be passing through the terminal and they decided they
wanted to have a little fun with her.  They had taken an old wand that used in
the new terminal.  Gomez was an excellent electrician.  He had changed the wand
so with a push of a button, the wands would beep.  In addition, he had made it
so it would vibrate, a powerful vibration, when the wand beeped.  Inside the
area of the partition, mirrors had been placed into the floor, with lights
shining up from underneath.  In addition, photos could be taken of whatever or
whoever was above.
	
	The locals knew that the planes never took off on time, they were always
at least two hours late, so they would have at least three hours before anyone
else showed up for the flight, by that time they would already have Natalie
behind the partition. 
	
	Natalie saw the guard wave her over to the table.  She looked around,
the terminal empty.  Why does he want me now, it's too early for the plane.  She
walked over toward the guard, his eyes staring at her as she walked.  He was
extremely handsome, maybe her luck was turning. 
	
	"May I see your passport and your ticket," Ricardo's English very good. 
	
	"I'm glad you speak English, how come you are checking so early, there
is no one else here?"
	
	"Sometime are equipment does not work correctly, so we try to allow for
delays.  It is not very often we get tourists, so we take special care to make
sure that we do a very thorough search, especially Americans.  We take our
country and our work very seriously."  Ricardo gave Natalie a very stern and
official look.  "We need your cooperation and we do not put up with any
disobedience.  Our prisons are full of people that can not follow our rules."
	
	Natalie began to feel some fear about the situation.  This was not the
United States, this was a Socialist state, hostile to Americans and Ricardo
began to scare her.  "Do not worry, I will cooperate," she said, her eyes
looking at the ground, hoping to avoid Ricardo's.
	
	"That is good, now please hand me your ticket and passport.  When we
finish with this, I will return them to you.  Until that time, I will hold
them."
	
	Natalie handed over her papers, knowing that she needed them back or she
could be arrested in this country without them. 
	
	"Please stand over her next to the table, stand with your arms to the
side, extended out and spread your legs open," Natalie was ordered. 
	
	It had begun, Natalie could feel her pussy become wet as soon as she
heard the words "spread your legs open".  She stood near the table, her arms to
the side, extended.  She spread her legs, waiting in excitement.
	
	Ricardo picked up the wand, his finger on the button.  This should be
fun.  I hadn't expected her to be this beautiful and such a body.  I hoped I
scared her enough.  He began to move the wand, first over her right arm, moving
toward her breast.  As he got closer, his finger tightened in expectation.  When
he was within two inches of her breasts he pushed the button.
	
	Natalie jumped, the beep from the wand shocking her.  "What's the
matter," she asked.
	
	"Remain calm, we shall continue," his voice stern.  He moved to the
other side, moving down her left arm toward her other breast.  When he was
within two inches of her breast again, his finger pushed the button, the beep
ringing in the room. 
	
	Natalie jumped again. 
	
	Ricardo moved behind her, she could see him crouching behind her.  He
moved the wand between her legs, starting at the bottom and moving up her left
leg.  As he moved the wand higher, he moved it under her skirt, a flowing brown
skirt.  When he got within four inches of her pussy, he pushed the button, he
did not want to scare her too much by getting to close yet.  Soon he would do
that.
	
	Again, the quiet was broken by the sharp beep of the wand.  The wand
moved to the front of her skirt and as soon as it got near her pussy, the beep
sounded again.  He moved to the back, running over her shapely ass, the beep
breaking the silence again.
	
	"I think it must be broken," Natalie stammered. 
	
	"Don't tell me what I should be doing, it is working fine," his voice
commanding.  "Spread your legs open further," his voice booming, the anger
showing through.
	
	Natalie trembled, the fear rising, the wand kept going off and now the
guard seemed angry with her.  She quickly moved to spread her legs open more.
	
	Ricardo turned his head, not wanting Natalie to see his smile.  She
willingly jumped at his last command.  Ricardo moved the wand over her again,
each time hitting the button, the beep startling Natalie.
	
	"Captain Jose, would you come out here," Ricardo yelling over the
partition. 
	
	Natalie watched as two more guards came out, Jose and Gomez, Jose
wearing the uniform of a Captain.  They had stern looks on their faces.  Now
there was three of them and there was still no one else in this end of the
terminal.  The attendant at the airline was even gone.
	
	"What is it?"
	
	"This young lady has set the wand off both times, at various parts of
her body," Ricardo said.
	
	"Excuse me Ma'am, what is your name?" 
	
	"Natalie," she stammered.
	
	"Natalie, we need more than one guard out her because you have set off
the wands numerous times.  This means that you have unauthorized items, some
could be potentially dangerous on your person.  We will need to search you more,
and we want to make sure that you do not try to report the guard for any
inappropriate behavior, so we need other witnesses.  Now please follow Ricardo's
orders while we observe.  We take these types of threats very serious and if you
fail to cooperate you can be jailed.  Our jails are not very nice, not like your
American prisons.  We do not coddle our prisoners.  So it is better that you
allow us to handle the situation here, than in a dirty jail," Jose keeping a
stern look on his face, staring at Natalie.
	
	Natalie trembled, "no, I don't want to go to a jail, I will do whatever
you want.  I do not have anything on me."
	
	"Very good, Natalie, now assume the position again,"  Ricardo ordered
her, spinning her around, her back to the other men.  Natalie put her arms out
again, her legs spread.  Ricardo put his foot against her leg, "spread them
further," he ordered.  Natalie moved her legs out another couple of inches.  "I
said spread them further!" his voice raised.  Natalie moved them over a foot
more, her legs now spread over four feet wide.  The men watched Natalie, her
arms out, her legs spread wide, they were going to enjoy this.
	
	Natalie could not see them, but she could feel their eyes on her.  Her
pussy was dripping wet.  She was being forced to spread herself open, fearing
and also excited on what was happening.
	
	Ricardo moved the wand against her right arm.  He moved it toward her
breast, his finger ready again.  As soon as he was within two inches, the
beeping started again. 
	
	"You need to move it closer, Ricardo," Gomez said.
	
	Ricardo moved the wand until it was touching her arm.  He slid it along
her arm, Natalie getting goose bumps, the expectations of what it would feel
like when it reached her breasts.  "Hold still and do not move, so we can get
this over."  He could feel her flinch.  He moved it up her arm and slid it under
her armpit.  As soon as he reached her breast, he pushed the button.  The
beeping began immediately, this time Natalie could also feel the vibrating of
the wand.
	
	"It feels funny, what is it doing," she cried.
	
	"It is just the mechanism of the beeper, it feels like it is vibrating,
now hold still and I will see if it will shut off as I move it."  Ricardo began
to move the wand over the swell of her breast.  He could feel the vibration in
the wand, watching Natalie's breast.  He could see her nipple begin to push out. 
He moved the wand toward it, holding it and pushing it tightly against it.
	
	"Please, don't," she cried.  She could feel her nipple harden, the
vibrating driving into her body.  She could feel her pussy juice run soaking her
panties.  The wand pushed harder into her nipple, the vibrating driving her
crazy.
	
	"Try the other side," Gomez said.  "I want you to hold still, I am going
to have to run my hand over your body while Ricardo does the other side.  We
have to find out why the wand keeps going off."
	
	"Oh, God," she cried, the wand moving down her arm, the beeping starting
as soon as it moved over her breast.  Ricardo began to push it in again,
searching out her nipple, forcing it erect.  She felt Gomez run his fingers over
her back, feeling her bra strap, than slipping under her spread arm, reaching
for her breast.  "Please, don't," she moaned, the fingers of Gomez's hand
searching out her nipple, beginning to pinch it.
	
	"Use your hand, Ricardo," Gomez said.  "That's a good girl, hold still,"
his fingers grabbing her tit roughly, fondling it as Ricardo began to do the
same thing to her other breast. 
	
	Natalie felt so helpless, standing alone, her arms spread wide, legs
opened and being openly fondled by two complete strangers as they watched her
expression.  Her nipples were hard and erect, her pussy dripping, her fantasy
coming true.  This scared her.
	
	"Jose, use the wand on her legs, Gomez ordered.
	
	Natalie cringed, now a third was joining.  She could feel his hand run
along the edge of her leg, not even trying to hide the fact as he moved the wand
up her leg, moving toward her spread pussy.  When the wand moved above her knee,
running along her tender inside thigh, the wand immediately began to beep. 
Along with the beep, the vibrations started. He moved it from one thigh to
another, each time moving higher.  "Don't do this to me," tears beginning to
form in her eyes.  She began to close her leg, but a sharp slap to her inside
thigh made her move it back out. 
	
	"Stay very still and obey,' the wand now pressing against her ass, the
vibration running through her body.  He began to push in between her legs,
pushing it into her wet pussy, forcing her soaked panties into her pussy slip. 
The vibrations were driving her crazy, the fingers pulling and pinching her
nipples.  The wand moved up into the front of her pussy, splitting her pussy
lips, rubbing against her clit, now hard and erect.  She felt the other two move
their free hand down her back and reach for her ass, each grabbing her cheek and
squeezing them tightly.
	
	"Please don't make me," her body trembling.  The wand pushed hard
against her clit.  She felt a finger run between her cheeks, running over her
anus.  They were going to make her cum, in the middle of the airport.  "OOOOHHH,  
GGGGGOOOOODDDd, IIIII'mmmmm cummmmmming," her body trembling an intense orgasm
overtaking her senses.  Six hands held her up as they kept up their masturbation
of Natalie, their fingers and hands abusing her helpless body, a toy for their
amusement.  A second orgasm hit her, this one stronger than the first, her
humiliation of being masturbated in the middle of an airport by strangers
overcoming her.
	
	 They held her body tightly, preventing her from falling to the floor. 
Natalie shrieked, a finger pinching one of her nipples extra hard.  "We need to
move behind the partition, Natalie, where we will have a little more privacy. 
You are going to have to remove your clothing so we don't want to embarrass you
in front anyone else.
	
	"Please, no more, don't strip me," tears running down her face, but they
were already pulling her behind the partition.  Inside the room, Natalie gasped
at what she saw.  A large table stood in the center.   There were straps at the
top of the table and also at the base of two of the legs.  They were worn from
use.  At the end of the table, the floor below it was mirrored.  As she was
pushed into the room, Ricardo hit a wall switch and the area below the mirror
lighted up brightly, shining up from the floor.  On the table were other
electronic equipment, looking like the wands, one bigger around and the other
long and skinny, a camera and various other items that she did not recognize. 
	
	"Stand up straight, your hands at your side, Natalie," Ricardo's voice
raised, ordering her sternly.  She stood before all three men, the fear
beginning to overcome her.  They had just masturbated her until she had cum in
front of them.  Now they were expecting her to strip naked for them.  Her cum
had taken the sexual excitement out of her situation, now there was only fear. 
She was sure they already thought of her as a slut and they could abuse her
anyway they wanted to now.
	
	"That was an accident, you forced me to have an orgasm.  I demand that
you leave me alone and let me go," her voice raised, hoping her demand might
force them to leave her alone.
	
	"You do not seem to understand the seriousness of your situation,
Natalie.  You have set off all of our security devices.  In addition, you have
tried to seduce us.  Your cumming could be construed as a form of bribery.  You
are not in any situation to demand anything.  I will place you under arrest and
send you over to the jail for further questioning and searching if you insist,"
his hand pulling his handcuffs off his belt, throwing them down on the table,
the noise shattering the quietness of the room.
	
	Natalie put her hands over her face and began to cry.  What did she get
herself into?  She did not want to go to jail, she just wanted to get this over
with and go on our vacation.  Her sobs filled the room.
	
	"What is your answer, Natalie, are you going to obey all of our demands,
or is it jail, hurry and answer, we do not have all day to bother with your
foolishness," Ricardo's voice demanding.
	
	"I will obey," her voice still sobbing.  She had now agreed to submit to
them, whatever they would demand from her.  They had already openly fondled her
body and masturbated her to orgasm, she feared what else they would do to her,
but she knew she would be forced to submit.
	
	All of the men smiled at Natalie's surrender.  She was theirs, to do
with as they wanted.  They intended to humiliate and abuse her sexually.  There
would be nothing that she could refuse to do, no matter how humiliating. 
	
	"That is a very wise decision, any further reluctance on your part will
mean immediate transfer to our jail facility.  Do you understand that you must
submit to anything we ask or do to you?  This will be your last chance.  What is
your answer?"  Ricardo knew he had her, he now wanted to humiliate her more.
	
	"Yes," she murmured quietly.
	
	"I said, would you submit to anything we ask you to do, answer me, I
will allow you to do anything to my body and cooperate with you?"  Ricardo
smiling at her.
	
	"Yes, you may do anything to my body and I will cooperate with you," the
final surrender of her will to these men blurted out. 
	
	"Very good, Natalie, now we may proceed.  Get back into position, this
time place your hands locked behind your neck, legs spread, WIDE.  We want to
see you body," Ricardo watching to see how fast she obeyed.
	
	Tears were still running down her cheeks, as she hurriedly rushed to get
into the position.  She put her arms behind her head, blushing as she noticed
how her breasts were thrust out.  She spread her legs wide, hoping to please
them.  She looked into Ricardo's eyes, seeing the lust as he ogled her young
body.  It was about to begin.
	
	"You have a very beautiful body, Natalie.  Please turn around, same
position."
	
	Natalie turned around, her back to them, spreading her legs again.  She
could feel their eyes burning into her. 
	
	"Bend at your waist, but keep your hands behind your neck."
	
	Natalie obeyed, the position forcing her ass out to them, her breast now
hanging down.  "Oh, God," she moaned, the humiliation beginning.  She could feel
Ricardo move behind her, a hand resting on her back and continue to move down,
further down over her ass, molding and caressing her cheeks.  His other hand
came around, under her body, grabbing one of her breasts tightly.
	
	"Yes, you have a very beautiful body, Natalie," his fingers groping her
ass and breast.  "Stand up now, face us directly and remove your blouse and
skirt.  We have to continue the search of your body and your clothes prevent us
from doing a thorough search."
	
	Natalie's hands moved slowly down her blouse, unbuttoning each button,
her lacy bra slowly being revealed.  When she reached the last button, she
pulled it from her skirt and pushed it from her shoulders and pulled her arms
out.  Her lacy bra thrust her breasts up.  Her nipples, still hard and erect
pushed out against the flimsy bra.  Her fingers, trembling, unhooked the skirt
in the back, unzipped it and let it fall to the floor to join her blouse.
	
	"Stand up tall, hands behind your head," she was ordered by Gomez. 
"Eyes forward, I want you always looking into one of our eyes as you obey." 
	
	Natalie looked up into Gomez, watching as his eyes moved from her face,
down to her bra encased breasts and down her stomach to her soaked panties,
barely covering her pussy.  She felt the shame covering over her body but she
also began to feel the excitement again.  She had already cum twice, now she was
already feeling the familiar itch between her legs.  How could she become such a
slut, getting wet from being stripped naked in front of strangers, waiting for
them to take advantage of her body?  She stood there for long minutes as they
looked over her body. 
	
	"Turn around and bend over again.  Spread your legs wide.  I want to see
that beautiful ass." 
	
	Natalie cringed at the command, they were not even trying to hide their
lust for her body anymore.  Ricardo had become blatant in his desire to see her
body for his own gratification.  Natalie turned, arms behind her head and began
to bend over.  She spread her legs wide, not even sure if her brief panties
would cover her butt.  Her butt pushed out, her panties pulled tightly over her
ass, the crotch pushed into her pussy.  She did not want to attempt to fix them,
avoiding the further humiliation.
	
	"Very nice, Natalie.  Ricardo, will you try the wand on Natalie again? 
We can see if her clothes set off the wand," Gomez watching as Ricardo picked up
the wand. 
	
	Ricardo bent down behind her, Natalie could feel his hot breath on her
legs as he was now staring straight at her panty covered crotch.  She could see
between her legs as the wand was slowly run up her leg, first the left, than the
right, each time moving higher.  His hand moved against her left thigh, "spread
your legs more," Natalie moaning as she spread her leg wider, her thighs aching
from being spread so far.  She could feel the cool air between her legs, her
panties stretched wide, her pussy hair peaking out of the sides.  The wand moved
along her thigh, Natalie holding her breath as it moved up, her pussy now wet
with expectation.  Would it go off and the terrible vibration begin again, would
she be masturbated to an orgasm again, please God, don't let me get excited she
prayed.
	
	Ricardo could see Natalie body shudder, the wand only inches from her
pussy.  He could see some pussy juice running down the inside of her thigh, what
a slut she was.  He moved the wand up, his finger on the trigger.  Natalie felt
the wand hit her spread pussy, the beep not to be heard.  Ricardo felt Natalie's
body begin to relax, just than he hit the button, the beep breaking the silence,
Natalie jumping as the noise and the vibration began.
	
	"Please, no, not again," the wand pushed into her pussy lips, the
vibration running along her pussy than back up to her ass to run over her anus. 
Her body shuddered as the awful wand again masturbated her.
	
	"It seems our lovely Natalie set off the wand again, Ricardo.  Why don't
you continue for a minute, than try her breasts again." 
	
	Ricardo continued to saw the wand between her legs, running along her
pussy over her anus, pushed in, vibrating her virgin anus.  Her body shuddered
as she was forced to withstand the forced masturbation.  He pulled the wand back
and pushed only the head against her pussy, pushing it in, forcing her panties
into her pussy, the vibration continuing.
	
	"OHHHH, that hurts," the panties being forced into her pussy by the
large wand, her pussy lips forced to spread wide to accept the large tip.  It
pushed her panties in for about an inch, the vibrations making her tremble.
	
	The wand was pulled from her pussy.  "Now for your breasts."  Ricardo
stood up and bent his body over hers, his crotch pushed into her bent over ass. 
He reached down under her, the wand reaching for her hanging breasts.
	
	Natalie felt the weight of the guard as he draped himself over her bent
and spread body.  "OHHH, NNOOO."  She could feel a hard cock pushed into her
ass, the position they forced her into pushing her ass out like she was asking
to be fucked in the ass.
	
	She felt him reach under and push the wand into her tits.  As soon as it
touches her right breast, the beeping and the vibration began.  He began to roll
it over her breasts, searching out her nipple again.  Her nipple rose up,
becoming hard and erect from the stimulation of the vibrations.  Ricardo pushed
the wand into her nipple, feeling her body tremble under his, her ass moving
against her ass.  "Please, no, don't do that," her body betraying her again. 
The wand moved to her other breast, the silence only lasting for seconds before
it again began to beep and vibrate.  Her other nipple was again stimulated to
erection, just like a tiny cock. 
	
	Ricardo moved the wand up higher to the top of her bra and than pushed
it inside, running over her naked flesh until it sought out her nipple. 
	
	Natalie jumped, pushing her ass into the hard cock on her ass as the
wand touched her naked nipple.  Ricardo kept it tightly on her nipple, pushing
it into her chest, the nipple crushed under the wand, the vibration continuing
to stimulate it.  Her other breast was also treated to the same torment, the
wand seeking out her naked nipple.  Natalie trembled, her ass arching up,
rubbing against the thick cock pushed between the cheeks of her ass.
	
	"Hold the wand, Jose.  I am going to use my hands," Ricardo handing Jose
the wand.  He reached under her body, his large hands encircling her dangling
tits.  He began to tightly grasp them, pinching fingers searching out her
nipples again.
	
	"That hurts," Natalie cried, "not so hard."  Her breasts were grasped
her breasts, his large hands tightening even harder. 
	
	"Don't tell me what I can't do," his fingers cruelly twisting her
nipples.  "You agree to do whatever we demand, now hold still."  Ricardo's hands
became more insistent, intending to show Natalie who was boss, eliciting groans
of pain from her lips.  Her ass pushed against his cock, it now so hard he was
afraid it would bust out of his pants.  He was going to have to get some relief
soon, and Natalie was going to provide it.
	
	Ricardo stood up, pulling away from Natalie's body.  "You may stand up." 
Natalie began to rise, the bent over position becoming painful. 
	
	"Remove your bra, put your hands behind your head again and stick your
tits out," Gomez commanded. 
	
	Natalie turned red in shame, they were now going to strip her naked. 
That was bad enough, but she knew they would humiliate her further.  She would
probably be forced to spread herself open so they could examine her most
intimate parts of her body.  She just hoped they would only look at her, not
take her sexually.  She did not know if she could take three cocks at one time. 
Her hands went to her bra, unsnapping the catch, letting it slide to the floor. 
She put her hands over her breasts instinctively feeling her hard nipples,
knowing that her body was betraying her.
	
	"Hands behind your head, didn't you not understand my order?"  Gomez
yelling at Natalie, hoping to get her into a submissive mood.  They had planned
many degrading acts for her to perform, beginning with the pictures they were
going to take of her of very suggestive positions.  They had planned to sell or
post them on the Internet.
	
	Natalie submissively lowered her hands from her breasts and instantly
pushed them behind her head, her back arching, forcing her breasts to stand out. 
Her nipples stood proudly, erect and hard. 
	
	"Are your tits real, Natalie, or are they silicon?" Gomez watching as
Natalie cringed at the suggestion that they were fake.
	
	"They are not fake."
	
	"People have been known to smuggle diamonds or other valuable items by
placing them into gel packs and having them implanted.  We have a special piece
of equipment that can check them.  It shoots an electrical charge into your
breasts and checks the time it takes to return.  Depending on the density, it
will tell us what is real and what is fake.  Unfortunately for you, it is
painful, electrical shock is transmitted through your nipples."  Ricardo picked
up an electrical probe from the table, a long wire connecting it to the wall
plug.  It was capable of producing a very powerful charge.  The end of the probe
had two metal prongs, Ricardo snapping the button, Natalie gasping as she saw
the blue flash shoot between them.
	
	"No, not that, please, they are real, believe me, you can feel them,
they are not fake," she pleaded.
	
	"Now be a good girl, will you stand still or do we have to cuff you to
the table?  Ricardo watched her reaction, hoping she would submit voluntarily. 
He liked it better when they willingly allowed their own abuse.
	
	Natalie began to cry, the evil looking probe flashing in front of her. 
She feared it, but she feared being bound to the table more.  They would be able
to do anything to her once she was bound to it.  She vowed she would stand still
and take the pain.  Anything but being bound.  "I will stand still, I don't want
to be tied down, please, I promise I wouldn't move."  Her tears began to fall
down her cheeks.  She saw the smiles on the men in front of her.  They were
enjoying this.
	
	"Stick your tits out further."  Natalie arched her back, her tits now
almost pointing up.  Ricardo licked his finger and rolled his wet finger over
her nipple, it instantly doubling in size.  He watched Natalie's eyes, seeing
the fear.  He put the probe on low and pushed the button, watching Natalie's
eyes as the arc of electricity shot between the twin prongs. 
	
	Natalie felt Jose move behind her, his body pushing against her, his
cock pushed against her panty covered panties.  "Jose is there just to make sure
you do not move.  I am going to start with your right nipple.  Stand very still. 
I will start with a low charge.  I will progressively turn up the charge until
we can get a good reading on it.  This might require up to four times.  I will
than do the same to your left nipple.  This will hurt, but you can stand the
pain.
	
	Natalie cringed when Ricardo hefted her right breast up.  He was
preparing her, making her ready for her own abuse.  He moved the probe up,
positioning the twin prongs between her nipple.  Natalie could feel her nipple
swell as the cold probe touched it on one side.  "Are you ready, Natalie?" 
Natalie braced her body for the pain.  She nodded her head.  She watched, almost
in slow motion as she saw Ricardo's finger move to the button and push it down. 
She could see the blue arc of electricity shoot from the probe, going through
her delicate nipple before she could feel it.
	
	"AGGGGHHHH, OOOWWW, TTTTHHHHaaat hurts," the pain running through her
nipple.  Her body shook, but she managed to stay in position, her nipple still
between the evil prongs.  "Oh, you bastards, that hurt so bad, please no more,"
tears running down her face. 
	
	"Catch your breath, Natalie," his finger again moistened, returning to
her nipple, again bringing it to erection.  He turned a button on the probe, the
charge now going to be higher, he moved the prongs moved back to between her
nipple.  "Get ready, the charge will be higher, so hold very still or it's the
table for you."
	
	Natalie held her breath, feeling Jose push into her, stopping her from
moving away even if she wanted to.  Ricardo pushed the button, the blue arc of
electricity shooting through her nipple.  "OOOOOWWWW, no more, AAAGGGGHH," she
cried, Ricardo holding the button down for five seconds, the pain tearing
through her breast. 
	
	Sweat began to form on Natalie's body, especially between her breasts. 
The pain in her nipple was terrible, shooting deep into the core of her body. 
It was only beginning, yet she did not know if she would be able to stand and
submit to them continuing without being bound.  She feared the bondage. 
"Please, did you find out they are real, please no more, it hurts so bad," her
eyes begging.
	
	Ricardo looked into her eyes, "not yet, Natalie, I will have to do it
again, catch your breath and than we will begin again."
	
	Natalie cringed when she heard his answer, they were going to jolt her
nipple again.  Oh, God, I don't know if I can stand it.  Natalie looked at her
nipple, the one they were jolting now two times the size of the other.   Natalie
began to sob.
	
	"Arch your back, Natalie."  His fingers pushed under her breast, raising
it up again.  The charge had been placed at a higher setting.  Natalie pushed
her breast out, the twin prongs place around her nipple.  Her nipple was so
large now, the prongs fit tightly around it.  "Take a deep breath and hold it,
it will be over soon." 
	
	Natalie watched the arc of electricity shoot through her nipple, the
pain ripping into her body as she screamed.  "OHHH, GGGOOOODDDD," the pain
becoming unbearable.  Her body shuddered, the electricity burning as it tore
through her nipple.  Sweat poured from her body as Jose pushed against her from
behind, his hard cock pushed against her anus, keeping her from escaping the
cruel probe.
	
	Ricardo removed the prongs from her nipple, but moved his fingers up to
it.  He grabbed her nipple, now swollen from the abuse.  He grasped it tightly,
pulling her breast up by it. 
	
	"No, please don't hurt me," the pain shooting through her nipple as
Ricardo's fingers tore into the delicate flesh. 
	
	"Quiet, I just want to make sure you do not lose the feeling in your
nipple.  His fingers continued to manipulate the tender flesh, Natalie's sobbing
breaking the quietness of the room.
	
	"I don't think I can take anymore, please stop," she sobbed.
	
	"Just one more time, this time at full power, than it is your left
nipple.  Jose, why don't you put the wand between Natalie's legs and see if you
can take the pain out of Natalie's mind."
	
	"Oh, God, no," she cried.  They were going to masturbate her again,
forcing her to get wet while inflicting pain on her, expecting her to cum for
them.  She felt Jose no longer rubbing against her ass.  She felt his fingers
run up her thighs and than felt the cold hard metal push against her inside left
thigh.
	
	Jose moved the want up higher until it reached her cum soaked panties. 
The bitch was screaming in pain, yet she was cumming in her pants.  As soon as
it touched her panties, he hit the button, the beeping and vibrating beginning.
	
	"OHH, OHHHH," Natalie moaned, the wand vibrating harshly against her
pussy.  She could feel the wand push her panties into her soaked pussy.  It was
beginning again, masturbated against her will.
	
	"This will be very painful, so I will do it quicker so you can get it
over.  I will jolt your right nipple and than move quickly to your left nipple. 
Try to grab a quick breath between jolts.  It will be over soon.  Now be a good
girl, stick your tits out again," Ricardo reaching for her breast again.  He
squeezed his hand tightly around the base of her right breast, grasping it hard,
forcing all of the blood to her nipple, getting it ready for his abuse.  His wet
finger ran over her nipple again, forcing it to become harder, a bigger target
for the prongs.
	
	Natalie sucked in a mouthful of air, pushed her breasts into Ricardo's
hands as the wand pushed between her panty-covered pussy lips, vibrating, moving
up along her slit, seeking out her clit.  She watched as her breast was squeezed
tightly, the prongs placed between her nipple, Ricardo's finger poised on the
trigger.  The wand found her clit, pushing aside her clit hood, vibrating
against her rock hard clit.  Her body shudder in ecstasy.  Oh no, she could feel
an orgasm beginning.
	
	As Ricardo felt Natalie's body begins to relax from the wands soothing
masturbation, he hit the button, an arc of blue electricity shooting out the
prongs, through her nipple.
	
	Natalie jumped in pain, "OOOOOWWW, OHHHH, GGGGOOOOD, your burning my
nipple, NOOOO MoOOOREEE," she cried.  The wand pushed deep into her pussy,
vibrating, taking some of the pain away. 
	
	"Relax your thighs and ass," Jose commanded her, as his fingers pulled
her panties aside, stretching them to the side, exposing her pussy.  She felt
the wand push into her naked pussy and could not feel small ridges on the wand
run over her delicate inner pussy lips.  Her panties had prevented them from
rasping across her pussy, but now they felt like huge bumps as they rolled over
her delicate pussy. 
	
	"AAAhhh, AAAAhhh." Natalie trying to catch her breath.  She could feel
Ricardo hefting up her left breast, the prongs readied between her nipple,
moistened and hardened by his fingers first.  She unclenches her ass cheeks as
her panties are pulled aside from her ass, now pushed all over to the side,
digging into her crotch.  She felt Jose push two fingers to the outside of her
anus, his hot breath blowing on her exposed anus, humiliating her, showing her
how exposed she was.  The fingers pushed out, opening her up, her anus now
lewdly exposed, the wand beginning to run over her anus.  "Please, not there,
not my butt," she begged.
	
	Jose ignored her pleas, his cock getting harder with her pleas.
	
	Ricardo put the prongs between her nipple again, his finger hitting the
button, this time he kept it pressed for 15 long seconds.  Jose kept the wand
running over her pussy, the vibrations driving into her, over her erect clit and
back over her anus.
	
	"OOOOWWW, AAGGGGHHHH, PPPPPPPPPPLLLLLLLLLLeeeasee turn it offffff," she
cried, her hips moving forward, trying to move over the wand as her nipple was
brutally shocked.  Oh, no she thought, they were shocking her nipples and she
was going to cum again, masturbated, as she was tortured.  The probe stopped,
but Natalie felt it still on her nipples.  Her breathing was ragged, her lungs
not being able to take in enough air between jolts.  The wand continued to run
over her spread pussy, the first feelings of an orgasm beginning to form. 
	
	"OOOOGGGGOOOODDDd, that hurts, so bad," she cried, the prongs again
releasing the blue arc of electricity through her nipple, but she held the
position, her breast pushed out.  Ricardo kept the probe on for 25 seconds,
Natalie's body shaking in pain, while Jose continued his forced masturbation. 
He could tell she was almost ready to cum.  The wand was soaked from her pussy
juice, her hips pushing hard into the wand, wanting more. 
	
	"Get her ready,"" Ricardo yelled to Jose.
	
	"What are you going to ..........., OOOWWW, AAGGGG, NNOOOTTT AAGGGGain,"
she cried, trying to find out what they planned to do to her, but being cut
short by another jolt of electricity.  Ricardo kept his finger on the probe,
this time for forty-five seconds.  He wanted to give Jose time to get her ready. 
"GGGGOOODDD, you have to stooopp, IIII cannnn't take it anymoooooreee," her body
shaking.  The wand continued its forced masturbation as Jose's fingers went up
to her clit, spread the hood back, exposing it, running the wand over it,
getting it hard.  His other hand went back over her ass, searching for her
defenseless anus.  His finger found it and began to push in, forcing it open.  A
second finger joined the first, Natalie's anus having to stretch to accept the
thick fingers.  She pushed her hips forward to attempt the cruel fingers tearing
into her rectum.  The wand was making her orgasm begin.  "Oh, you bastards, I
going to cccccummmmmm," her pussy pushing to the wand. 
	
	Just as Natalie began to cum, Jose removed the wand from her clit,
pushed it into her wet pussy and spread her clit hood, exposing her hard clit to
Ricardo.  Ricardo reached down with the probe, pushed it against her clit and
hit the button and held it down before Natalie could even realize what happened.
	
	"CCCCCUUUUMMMMM, OOOOHH, GGOOOOODDd, IIII''mmmm CCCCUUUmmmming again,"
then it hit her.  The blue arc ran over her erect clit sending the maximum
charge into her tender clit.  Natalie screamed in pain, replacing the cum she
was feeling, but than mixing the pleasure with the pain and a second, more
powerful cum overtook her.  Natalie began to scream again and Ricardo again hit
her with the probe, the blue arc tearing into her clit.  Meanwhile, Jose has
forced over two inches of the wand into her spread pussy and he had two fat
fingers fucked up her asshole.  He could feel her ass squeezing down on them as
she came over and over.
	
	Natalie collapsed to the floor, holding her pussy, the pain and pleasure
still running over her body.  She was sobbing, her body shaking.  She was
rubbing her pussy, her orgasm still continuing.  "Please, no more, you made me
cum too many times.  I can't take any more," tears running down her face as she
curled into the fetal position on the floor.
	
	"We will let you rest for a few minutes, than you will have to strip off
your panties.  We want some pictures of you naked before we do the internal
examination of your pussy and asshole.  There is so much more we are going to do
to you," Ricardo, Jose and Gomez all smiling at the Natalie, the American
cum-slut.
	
TO BE CONTINUED




I made the following comment on a chat site,  "Is it my imagination (which is
very vivid) or do I notice a lot of women smiling as they are searched at
airport terminal security checks. I seem to see a lot of them with their legs
spread out, arms out to their sides as someone runs a wand over them. Is there a
lot of wishing they would be stripped searched?  One person, Natalie came back
with, "Yea, I know I wouldn't mind."  This is chapter two of my story to her.


{ASSM} Airport Search-Chapter 2 {Powerone} M+f, nc, anal, reluc, humiliation,
toys, spanking

	The further adventures of Natalie as she is strip-searched by the
guards.  Her body is taken advantage of by the guards as they humiliate her.

Copyrighted 2002 by Powerone (controlher@hotmail.com)
Airport Search-Chapter 2

	Natalie began to catch her breath, as she lay half-naked on the floor,
the humiliation of the forced masturbation overcoming her.  The three guards
stared at her as she lay there, eyes drinking in her naked breasts, her nipples
still swollen from the abuse the wand had inflicted on them. 

	"Please stand now, Natalie, we need to get some pictures just in case
there is any kind of trouble," Ricardo ordering her.  Jose picked up the camera,
a new digital model, capable of high-resolution digital pictures.  They wanted
to make sure that they got excellent pictures to use on the Internet.

	Natalie stood before the three of them, clad in only her panties which
were now soaked in her own cum.  She held her head down, looking at the floor,
the shame hitting her.

	"Stand up tall, Natalie, hands behind your head again, elbow out and
thrust out your tits for us," Ricardo told her as Gomez began to aim his camera
at her.  "Legs spread, Natalie, now obey or I will strap you onto the table."

	Natalie did as she was told, now standing half-naked, her tits pushed
out for them to see.  Her embarrassment began to show as she watched them begin
to take pictures of her.  She had just barely begun to show her naked body to
her lovers, now she was being forced to strip in front of complete strangers and
allow them to rape her with their camera.  Gomez took numerous pictures of
Natalie, front and side. 

	"Lower your hands and use your hands to lift your breasts up," Gomez
commanded Natalie, his camera flash blinking brightly as Natalie's hands reached
down and pushed her breasts up, seemingly offering them to the camera.  "Very
good, now play with your nipples, make them harder."  Natalie's fingers reached
for her nipples, gently teasing them into erection.  "Harder, squeeze your
nipples harder," he ordered. 

	"Please, don't make me do that," Natalie begged, but began to squeeze
them harder, knowing her pleas would fall on deaf ears.  "OOOhhh," she moaned
from her forced brutalization of her nipples by her own fingers.   The camera
continued the ravishment of her breasts, the light flashing constantly, taking
in the sight of this beautiful half-naked girl pinching her own nipples into
hardness.

	"You are doing good, Natalie, now lower your panties slowly so we may
get some good pictures of your naked pussy as you show it to us," Ricardo said,
his cock hard and straining in his pants.  Natalie was doing all she was ordered
and they had many more humiliating orders for her to obey.  The pictures they
would have of her would be worth hundreds of dollars.  Soon, Natalie's body
would be famous on the Internet.

	The camera flash began again as Natalie slowly began to lower her
panties to the floor.  Her bald pussy was finally being revealed.  She was
embarrassed that she had shaved her pussy for her last lover and even though she
no longer saw him, she continued to do it.  Now they would know this fact and
think of her as a tramp.

	"Ah, I see you shave your pussy, Natalie, you look like you have the
pussy of a fourteen year old.  Continue to remove your panties."  The three
guards watched, cocks hard as Natalie revealed all of her charms to them and the
camera.

	Natalie had to bend down to removed her panties, her tits now hanging
down, the nipples still hard and erect, her ass thrust out behind as she pushed
them to the floor.  She kicked them off of her feet and stood erect again,
waiting for the next order.  She knew they would soon be ordering her to spread
her pussy for them.

	Ricardo watched Natalie's eyes, seeing the fear and excitement in them,
as she was now naked in front of them.  "You have a very beautiful body Natalie,
now we must examine you for any contraband.  Arms behind your head again, tits
out and spread your legs very wide.  We want to see your pussy lips begin to
spread open for our inspection."

	Natalie cringed at the command but did as she was ordered.  She pushed
her breasts out again and her legs parted.  She could feel her pussy lips begin
to spread, the cool air in the room running over her inner pussy.  Her pussy
juice began to run down her thighs.  This forced stripping was making her
excited, no matter how much she tried to deny it.  Her legs continued to open,
the camera flash blinking wildly as her bare pussy was revealed to the camera
lens.

	"More, I want them wider, Natalie, obey, open your pussy to us."

	Natalie continued to spread them, now over four feet apart.  Her thighs
began to ache from the spread.  "It hurts, my legs are spread to far," she
begged.

	"Very well, Natalie, than reach down with your fingers and spread your
pussy lips open for us.  Pull them open very wide or we will spread you on the
table and use the leg clamps to keep you open.  You must spread your pussy open
for our inspection," Ricardo's voice shattering the quiet in the room, a new
humiliation now being thrust on her.

	Natalie reached down with her fingers and ran them over her pussy lips.  
She began to spread her lips and had to grip them tightly to keep her fingers
from sliding off because she was so wet.  She pulled them wider apart, the
bright flash from the camera illuminating her pink pussy as it was revealed. 
Gomez was now on his knees, only two feet from her pussy, the camera flashing
picture after picture of her pussy as it was revealed.  Natalie's humiliation
was increasing as her pussy lips spread.  Only her Doctor had such an intimate
look at her vagina, now she was being forced to spread herself open to strangers
and their camera.  She continued to spread her pussy lips until it began to ache
from the pain, her lips now peeled back, her pink inner pussy now revealed.
	
	"That's good, Natalie, hold your pussy open."  His cock was so hard. 
Here was this young girl, spreading herself open for his pleasure.  Natalie
stood there, naked, her legs spread, her pussy open for long minutes as all eyes
were on her, the camera continuing it silent rape of her body.
	
	"Now I want you to turn around and spread your legs again.   We want to
see your asshole," Ricardo's voice continuing on with her humiliation.
	
	Tears began to form in her eyes, the degradation of her body continuing. 
Now they expected her to show them her anus.  She slowly released the lips of
her pussy and put her legs together.  She turned her back to them, at least she
would not have to see their faces, as they looked at her spreading herself open. 
	
	"BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBRRRRRRRRRRRRBBBBBBBBBBRRRRRR," the noise shattering the
quiet in the room.
	
	"Oh, God, no, please, not that," Natalie cried as she saw her vibrator
going at full speed on the edge of a table.  Captain Jose had been searching her
luggage and had found her vibrator, a nine-inch, large, high-speed model shaped
like a penis.  He had turned it on and placed it on the table.  Next to it lay
her whip, a riding crop.  She had never used it to whip herself, she had only
used it to stroke her pussy with it to make her cum.  The thought of someone
whipping her defenseless body would usually drive her to a powerful cum.
	
	"What have we their, Natalie, are you an American pervert?  Do you enjoy
the whip?  Ricardo picked up the whip and turned off the vibrator.
	
	"No, I don't like it, I only use it to masturbate with," she confessed,
hoping that we not use the whip on her.
	
	Ricardo slapped the whip against his palm, "continue Natalie, or I will
be forced to use the whip on you."
	
	Natalie spread her legs open, feeling the cool air on her anus as the
cheeks of her ass began to separate, allowing them to view her naked and
defenseless anus.  Gomez began again to take pictures, the flash going off
rapidly as Natalie's anus began to come into view.
	
	Ricardo slapped her ass hard with the whip.
	
	"OOOWWWWW, what do you want me to do?" Natalie cried.
	
	"Spread your legs further and bend at the waist, than reach behind and
spread your cheeks until it hurts.  I want to see your naked asshole," Ricardo
commanded her.  He gave her other cheek a sharp swat with the riding crop to
help her remember.
	
	"OOOOWWW, please no more," her body now bent over, her ass pushed toward
them as if she was offering her anus as a sacrifice.  She reached back and
grabbed each cheek and began to pull them apart.  Her virgin anus began to
stretch open, revealing her most intimate secrets to them and the camera.  Gomez
continued to take pictures as she spread herself open.
	
	"Very good, Natalie," said Ricardo, "now hold yourself open and do not
release your cheeks.  I am going to hit you with the riding crop again so do not
move."
	
	"OH, God, no, please don't hit me with it," she cried, tears running
down her face.  Why did I pack it, now they are debasing me further with my own
whip?
	
	Ricardo pulled his hand back and struck Natalie directly on her spread
anus with the riding crop.  "SSSSPPPLLLAAAATTT," the noise burst into the room.
	
	"OOOOOOOOWWWWW, No, NO...uhhh, not there, it hurts so bad," Natalie
cried, but she managed to remain in position, hoping not to give them any more
reasons to whip her. 
	
	They all watched as her tiny anus began to turn red from the brutal
whip.  Their cocks were hard as they saw her body take the stroke but still
manage to keep the bent-over spread position.
	
	"Good job, Natalie, it seems you like the whip.  Now we must make sure
you are not hiding anything internally.  That will involve us doing an internal
examination of your pussy and asshole.  If we do not find any, you will be
allowed to dress and get on with your vacation.  That is, if you cooperate.  If
not, you will find yourself in one of our many jails for a long time."  Ricardo
picked up a pair of latex gloves and began to put them on.  "I want you to stand
on the table and than crouch down and spread your knees wide open.  Keep your
feet flat on the table."
	
	"Not anymore, please, I can't stand this," but she moved toward the
table as Jose put the camera down and helped her up.  She stood up high on the
table, all of them looking at her naked body. 
	
	"Crouch down, now." 
	
	Natalie obeyed, crouching down.  As she did, she began to part her
knees, her pussy lips beginning to flower out again.  The more she spread, the
more she felt open.  She felt the swat of the crop against the inside of her
thighs, close to her pussy.  She immediately began to spread more, feeling the
added excitement the whip was bringing to her.  She looked down and saw that her
pussy lips were now spread wide, her pink pussy open and you could almost see
inside her. 
	
	Jose picked up the camera again and began to snap picture after picture
of Natalie, her pussy opening up.  He watched her through the lenses, her legs
spread wide, her pussy gaping open.  He could see her pussy juices glisten on
her pussy and run down her thighs.  She might say she does not like it, but her
pussy is saying something different.
	
	Natalie shivered in fear and excitement as Ricardo ran the whip up her
thighs, toward her naked and spread pussy.  The rough leather moved up and began
to run over her tender pussy.  "NNNNooo, please, don't do that."
	
	"Do you want to cum again, Natalie, is that what you want," Ricardo
slapping the whip hard against her spread pussy, igniting a sharp pain in
Natalie.  He began to run the whip between her pussy lips, spreading her pussy
juice on the cunt, moving up to her clit, now hard and erect.
	
	"Don't make me cum, please, I don't want to," she protested, but she
remained in position, leaving her pussy accessible to the rough leather of the
whip, pushing between her legs.
	
	Ricardo slapped her spread pussy hard again, a loud gasp coming from
Natalie, the whip moving back over her anus, back to her pussy to tap lightly
against her hard and erect clit.
	
	"OHH, God, no, please don't," she begged but still hoping that her cries
would not be heeded.  She felt the whip rub harshly through her pussy, tap
lightly on her clit and than slap her anus hard.
	
	Ricardo became more insistent, sawing the handle of the whip harshly
through her delicate pussy lips, running brutally over her anus,  It stopped
when it got to her clit and began a tapping, first lightly, than harder and
harder on her hard clit, spread before them. 
	
	"AAAAHHH, NOOO, please NOOOOO more," her hips moving to meet the whip. 
Her face began to flush, "GGGNNUUGG," the whip hitting her clit harder, the
camera flashing as she was being masturbated against her will. 
	
	"OOOHHH, God, I'MMM, Cuuuummmminnnnngg," she cried, her body jerking as
the first orgasm took her.  Ricardo swung the whip back and slapped her pussy
hard, hitting her fully on her clit.  "UUUUGGGGHHH, NNNOOO MOOORREEE," she
screamed, a second more powerful cum overtaking her.  The whip pushed into her
spread pussy, pushing two inches into her.  Ricardo twisted it sharply, bringing
a cry from Natalie.  "NNNO, not againnnn," she cried, the third cum bathing her
body in sweat, the leather whip dragging it out of her.
	
	Gomez continued to take pictures of Natalie as she slumped to the floor,
her body weak from cumming.  "It seems our Natalie has cum too much again.  I am
afraid that her cooperation in continuing our examination may not be
forthcoming.  Gomez, give me a hand with Natalie."
	
	Natalie could feel Gomez and Ricardo pick her up by her arms.  "Please,
leave me alone, I can't do this anymore," she pleaded, but they continued to
stand her up and drag her over to the table.
	
	"No more, don't strap me down, please," Natalie cried, attempting to
stop them from humiliating her any more.  She felt her body being pushed onto
the table, her nipples hitting the cold tabletop.  A hand pushed down on her
back, keeping her pinned to the table.  Her wrists were grabbed from the other
side of the table and pulled towards the corner.  First her right wrist, than
her left were slipped inside the leather cuffs and the straps pulled tightly,
stretching her arms out before her into each corner.  The hand was pulled from
her back, the straps effectively holding her pinned to the table. 
	
	"Relax, Natalie, we still have to do an internal search of your pussy
and your ass.  The way you keep cumming, we have to tie you down to keep you
from hurting yourself.  Now just lie still and cooperate, it will soon be over. 
We just need to finish strapping you down."  Ricardo ran his hand over her back
as he spoke to her, feeling her body still trembling from the forced
masturbation.
	
	Natalie could see Captain Gomez take a pair of latex gloves and begin to
put them on his hands.  His fingers and hands were huge.  "I will take good care
of you Natalie," he said, pouring baby oil into the palm of his hand and
massaging it into both gloves.  Soon they both glistened with the oil.
	
	Ricardo grabbed her left ankle and pulled it out toward the leg of the
table.  "Relax and this wouldn't hurt."
	
	Natalie could feel her leg pulled outward, her pussy and the cheeks of
her ass again spreading open for their lust.  She felt her leg bump up against
the table leg and felt cold metal slip over her ankle.  With a loud clank, the
metal cuff was ratcheted tightly onto her left ankle and another clank told her
it was attached to the table leg.  She tried to close her leg and the cuff
pulled tightly against her leg preventing her from moving more than a few
inches.  "Please, let me go, don't do this to me," she begged, tears running
down her face.  They now intended to push their fingers deep into her body while
she was spread open and she was now afraid they might rape her.  She felt a hand
grab her right leg and lift it and pull it toward the other table leg.  Her legs
began to spread wider and wider, her thighs aching as she was forced to spread
her legs unnaturally.  "AAAAGGGGHHHH," she moaned, the stretch pulling her ass
cheeks apart, her virgin anus spread open for them to see again. 
	
	Ricardo pulled her leg wide until he reached the other corner of the
table.  Her pussy was now split open, her anus peeking out.  He lifted her right
leg higher, toward the top of the table and slapped a metal cuff on her right
ankle and the other end to the top of the table with a loud clank.
	
	"NOOOO."  Natalie's legs were now spread wide and her right leg was
pulled up high to the table, pushing her ass up into the air, opening her up
even more.  She was balanced on one leg, the cuffs securely attaching her to the
table, unable to stop them from doing anything they wanted to do to her naked
and spread body.
	
	Ricardo stood to the side of the table so he could whisper into
Natalie's ear.  His hands reached under her body searching for her breasts.  He
pushed her up and slid his hands under her.  As she pushed back down to the
table she effectively trapped his hands under her breasts.  She could feel his
hands grip her breasts tightly, the fingers searching out her nipples.  "Captain
Jose is going to stick his fingers first into your pussy than up your tight
little asshole.  There is nothing that you can do about it.  Just relax your
pussy and asshole and let him have his way or it will be very painful for you."
	
	Natalie could feel the Captain pour baby oil over her ass, his gloved
hands spreading the liquid over her ass, in between her spread cheeks, over her
anus, before running between her pussy lips.  He massaged the oil into her,
readying her for the entry of his fat fingers.   She felt fingers spread her
pussy lips back, opening her up for the ravishment of her body by his fingers. 
One fat finger began to push into her pussy, her body opening up as it pushed in
over two inches before pulling back out.  Before it pulled completely from her
body it quickly and forcefully pushed back in again, this time spreading her
pussy open to accept it over three inches into her body.  "You have a very tight
pussy, Natalie, obviously you haven't been fucked much.  I am going to go deeper
now, so relax," Jose quietly told Natalie.  His finger pulled from her pussy
again and pushed back in, now over four inches of her pussy was forced open to
accept the fat finger.  Jose could feel her pussy grasp tightly onto his finger. 
Wait until she has to take more of my fingers, he thought, his finger running
along the walls of her pussy before pulling out again.
	
	"Ow, that hurts," cried Natalie as Jose pushed two of his fat fingers
into her pussy.  Her legs strained against the metal cuffs, trying to close to
stop the fingers from entering her.  Her ass rose and fell, forced to accept the
fingers, her pussy grasping them tightly as they pushed into her.  The fingers
pushed in deep, withdrew, than again thrust in, forcing two fingers over four
inches in her pussy, spreading her wide.  "No more," she pleaded.
	
	Jose watched as Natalie's pussy lips grasped his fingers tightly as he
forced them into her.  He pulled them back out, her pussy closing tightly.  He
pushed three fingers together and began to force them back into her pussy.  Her
lips spread back as the baby oil allowed the three fat fingers to push into her. 
Her pussy walls stretched wide to accept them, Natalie's ass trying to move to
escape the cruel ravishment of her pussy, the metal cuffs banging noisily as she
tried to close her legs.  He pushed them in deep, forcing her to open up, three
fingers forced in over four inches in her pussy.  He pulled his fingers apart
when he was in deep, stretching her open for more.
	
	"OHHH, Gooooddddd, please, no more, it hurts, you are stretching me to
wide," Natalie's body trying to shake the fingers loose but the restraints
holding her firmly in place.  She felt the fingers in her moving, stretching her
open, her pussy beginning to ache from the pain.
	
	"How does it feel, Natalie, do you like the Captain's fingers in your
pussy?  There is more, he is going to put his whole hand in your pussy.  He must
feel around inside you to make sure you are not smuggling anything in.  Relax
your pussy, it will go a lot easier if you do."  Ricardo's whispered in
Natalie's ear as he continued to pinch and squeeze her hard and erect nipples,
forcing groans from her lips as her tits were abused at the same time she was
being finger fucked.
	
	The three fingers pulled out, pushed back in and pulled out again.  Jose
pushed his little finger in and his thumb together with his other fingers and
began to push them into Natalie's pussy.  Natalie's pussy lips were stretched
wide to accept the fat fingers, all five of them.  Natalie screamed as they were
pushed forcefully into her pussy, her pussy now stretched painfully around the
fingers, entering her and spreading her pussy walls as they pushed deep inside
her.
	
	"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH," her body jerking around within the restraints,
bouncing on the table as her pussy was raped by the fingers.  "Too muchhhh,
you're going to tear me open," she screamed as the fingers began to move inside
her.  It felt like little animals inside her pussy, moving around, probing and
scratching the walls of her pussy.
	
	"There is still more, you are going to have to accept my whole fist,"
Jose said.  He pulled his fingers almost all the way out and than thrust them
back in, plowing into her pussy, knocking the wind out of Natalie, her body
bouncing around on the table, forced to submit.  Jose pulled his fingers almost
all the way out, Natalie's pussy gripping them tightly.  He pulled his fingers
in toward his palm and pushed his fist into Natalie as hard as he could.
	
	Natalie's body thrashed around on the table, Ricardo gripping her
nipples tightly, the restraints rattling noisily as her body tried to shake off
the fist trying to tear into her pussy.  "AAAGGGGHHH, OOOOWWWW, you son of a
bitch, you're tearing apart my vagina," Natalie screamed.  The fist pushed
relentlessly into her body, Jose pushing with all of his strength to make her
pussy stretch to accept it.  It felt like a baseball bat was being forced into
her.  She gasped, trying to get a breath of air as the fist continued to push
into her.  She jumped, a fingernail ripping along her pussy, the sharp pain
eliciting a new scream from her lips.  It felt like he was trying to force his
fist into her cervix, the heel of his hand now making her pussy lips tear as it
was forced in.  She bounced as her pussy lips now clamped down on his wrist, the
fist now in over four inches, battering a path into her body.  "OOOOWW, AAAGGh,"
another brutal push by Jose pushing the fist in another inch. 
	
	Jose held his fist in her pussy.  It felt like a clamp was around it as
her pussy grasped it tightly.  "Do you like that, Natalie?"  He began to pull
his fist out of her pussy, her lips grasping it tightly as inch by inch it began
its ascent from her.  When he pulled it two inches out, he twisted his fist and
pushed with all of his might back in, it boring into Natalie's body over five
inches now, her pussy forced open.
	
	"NNOOO, it's tearing me open, take it outttttt," she screamed.  Jose
pushed in into against cervix, twisting his knuckles deep inside her, making her
scream in pain.  Her body bounced on the table, her ankles rubbing raw from the
cuffs straining against the legs.
	
	"I'm going to keep it deep inside you for a few minutes, Natalie, relax
your pussy, it will hurt less.  Gomez, will you help me with the other part,"
Jose asked?
	
	Natalie cringed when she saw Gomez place latex gloves on his hands. 
"What are you going to do?"  She saw him spreading baby oil on his hands, just
like Jose had done.  "Don't hurt me anymore, please."
	
	"I'm going to check your asshole."  Gomez poured more baby oil on her
ass, some of it running down between her cheeks onto Jose's arm.  He rubbed the
baby oil over her ass, concentrating on her tiny anus.
	
	Natalie bucked on the table, attempting to escape.  They were going to
stick fingers up her butt.  If Gomez were anything like Jose, more fingers would
be used to spread her open.  Her anus would have to tear to allow them inside
her.  "No, not in my butt, it is too small," she begged, but she felt a finger
line up with her defenseless anus and begin to pressure onto it.  The oil
allowed it to push in, her virgin anus now forced open, a finger pushed in.  It
felt strange having a finger in her ass.  The fist in her pussy made her ass
even tighter than it already was.  The fingers were going to be painful.  The
finger pushed in deep, lubricating her anal tract with the baby oil.
	
	"Your asshole is tight, Natalie," Gomez pushing his finger in deep,
pulling it out and than back in again, this time deeper.  He pulled it out and
Natalie knew that more fingers would now be pushed in. 
	
	"AAAGGHHH, OOOWWW, that hurts, please, no more," but two fingers pushed
relentlessly into her rectum, spreading her open, her anus now spread tightly
around the fingers.  She could feel cramps when they pushed in deep.  They
separated inside her, forcing another groan from Natalie.  Gomez pulled them
from her rectum, keeping them spread as he pulled them out, forcing Natalie to
feel her rectum stretch.
	
	Three fingers now ran over her anus, oiling them up for the push into
her body again.  Natalie took a deep breath, held it and gasped as they
stretched her anus wide, forcing open her rectum, the fingers now pushing deeper
into her body, going into her colon. "GGGGGGOOOOODDD, that hurts, take them
out," her body bucking up and down, trying to escape the fingers tearing her
open.  They pushed in deep, withdrew, than pushed in again, Gomez pushing down
with all of his strength, forcing Natalie's anal tract to expand or tear. 
Natalie jerked from the pain, her legs pulling on the cuffs.
	
	The fingers were pulled out, her anus staying open from the stretching. 
Gomez pulled his fingers together, placed them against her anus, still open from
the brutal finger fucking and plunged them deep into her rectum.  Another scream
rang out in the room as Natalie felt like her anal tract was tearing from the
brutal fingering of her asshole.  They pushed in deep, meeting the fingers of
Jose in her pussy, rubbing along side of each other, deep in her body.  The
fingers were pulled out and Natalie braced herself for the fist that would be
pushed into her anus. Gomez tucked his fingers down and pushed as hard as he
could with his fist against Natalie's anus.  Natalie's anus held against the
brutal attack for long minutes until suddenly it gave up and Gomez fist began to
push brutally into her anal tract, pushing in deeper and deeper.  Gomez could
feel Jose's fist running along his.  Natalie was being double fucked with fists.
	
	YYYYYOOOOUUU KIIIIIILLLLLLLIIIIINNNNNGGGG MMMMEEE, please no more, take
it outttttt," her body felt like her organs were being displaced by the fists in
her.  Gomez pushed in deep, turning his fist when he was deep in her colon,
forcing new screams from her throat.  Natalie thrashed up and down, her pussy
and anus now stretched tightly around two strangers wrists, their fists beating
deeply inside her.
	
	"How does that feel, Natalie," both of them jerking their fist up and
than back down, pushing deep inside of Natalie?  Natalie screamed and jerked
around, her body being torn apart from within by the fists.
	
	"Would you like to cum for us, Natalie," Ricardo asked?  He pulled his
hands from under Natalie's breasts and reached for the vibrator. 
	
	"NOOO, don't make me cum again, it hurts toooo much," but her cries fell
on deaf ears as she heard the vibrator begin on high.  She felt the vibrator run
over her pussy, pushed against the arm in her pussy until it reached her clit. 
Her clit was hard and erect, the brutal fist rape of her pussy and ass, while
painful, was still exciting her.  It began to vibrate against her clit, her body
shuddering from the pleasure. 
	
	"Fuck her with your fists," Ricardo told the others.  The two fists
began to fuck her, first one pulling from her pussy until her pussy lips were
stretched tightly around his knuckles.  As it began to push back brutally into
her pussy, Gomez pulled his fist up her anal tract, forcing her anus to open
wider as the widest part of his hand passed over it.  As one was pulled from her
orifice, the other was pushed in, forcing Natalie to relieve the pain over and
over.  They began to pick up speed, the fist in her asshole cramping her
stomach, the other pulling against her clit.  The vibrator continued its forced
masturbation as they continued their brutal fisting of her tender body. 
	
	"NNNNNNNOOOOOO, don't make me cum, I can't help it, please no more,
IIIIII"MMMMMMM CuUUUUUMMMMMIIIINNNNGGG," she yelled, her body bucking on the
table as the fists continued to punish her anal tract and pussy as the vibrator
forced the first cum out of her.  A particularly brutal push into her anus
caused Natalie to have another cum, her screams ringing in the room.  Not to be
outdone, Jose plunged his fist deep inside her pussy, smashing his fist into her
cervix, twisting the knuckles deep inside her, eliciting screams of pain from
Natalie.  The vibrator pushed against her now tender and red clit forced the
third and final cum from her sweat soaked body.  The two fists were pulled from
her body with loud pops, her screams as they were torn from her body echoing in
the room. 
	
	The three men watched as Natalie shuddered in the final throes of her
last cum.  Her pussy juice ran down her thighs, forming a puddle on the floor
below her. 
	
	Ricardo removed her cuffs from her wrists and ankles, allowing Natalie
to again slump to the floor, exhausted from the cums they forced from her body.
	
	"We will see you in two weeks from tomorrow, at nine in the morning. 
Don't be late, we will have to check you again when you leave.  Have a nice
vacation while you are in Cuba," Ricardo laughing as he said it. 
	
THE END (Maybe)




	I made the following comment on a chat site,  "Is it my imagination
(which is very vivid) or do I notice a lot of women smiling as they are searched
at airport terminal security checks. I seem to see a lot of them with their legs
spread out, arms out to their sides as someone runs a wand over them. Is there a
lot of wishing they would be stripped searched?  One person, Natalie came back
with, "Yea, I know I wouldn't mind."  This is my story to her.

M+f, nc, anal, reluc, humiliation, toys, spanking

{ASSM} Airport Search {Powerone}

	Natalie is searched at an airport in Cuba.  She is humiliated by the
guards and masturbated until she cums.  Her body is abused by different
electrical devices and if again forced to cum from the pain and the pleasure.

Copyrighted 2002 by Powerone (controlher@hotmail.com)


Police Arrest-Chapter 3

	It had been ten days since Natalie had come to Cuba and they had
stripped searched her and sexually abused her.  Almost every night she had
masturbated herself to sleep, thinking of the things they did to her body. 
Every time she thought of it, her pussy would get wet and then she would have to
lay down on the bed and masturbate her pussy until she came. 

	She was enjoying her stay in Cuba, but her thoughts kept racing back to
her first day and her experience at the terminal.  She had spent every day
looking around the city and also the countryside.  Cuba was like it was
suspended in time, stopped by the embargo of Cuba by the United States.  Its
streets were still populated with vintage 1950 and 1960 American cars, its
stores empty of all consumer products, the country stripped to its bare minimum. 
Natalie had met many of the local population and they had eagerly talked to her,
hoping to hear of the news of the world.  Most spoke highly of the Castro
regime, but some had negative things to say and had not hidden their disdain of
Castro.

	Natalie had spent the day in the countryside, seeing the sites and
spending time at the local bazaar, buying souvenirs for her friend's back home. 
She returned to the hotel.  She browsed through everything she bought, mostly
hand made items and then decided to take a shower before dinner.  Tonight was
going to be a first-class meal at the local restaurant and Natalie was going to
dress up to celebrate the occasion.

	Captain Gonzales was the head of the Cuban Secret Police.  Airport
security had told him about Natalie and how submissive she was, allowing them to
sexually abuse her and forcing her to cum.  He had been watching her since she
first arrived, including her discussions with certain subversive elements in
Cuba.  He stared at the television screen in front of him.  He watched as
Natalie slowly stripped off her clothes and stepped into the shower.  He could
not see her in the shower, the curtain hiding her from the hidden cameras in her
room, but he had seen her naked many times during the last 10 days, including
watching her as she masturbated late at night.  She had a beautiful body and
decided it was time to enjoy her treasures.  He watched as she got dressed, a
low cut bra, button down blouse, the top two buttons undone, showing her ample
cleavage.  Her skirt was loose fitting, but short, covering a brief pair of
thong panties.  High heels accented her long, slender legs, no panty hose, the
weather too hot and sticky for them.

	"Proceed with Natalie's arrest.  I will await your arrival at
headquarters." Captain Gonzales hung up the phone.  Time to make preparations
for her arrival, he thought.  His office was a large room, doubling also as an
interrogation room.  There were many pieces of furniture where his victims were
secured to, including a wooden straight back chair, a low table, suitable for
kneeling, a high stool, a gynecologist table, equipped with stirrups and the
pillory.  The pillory was his favorite.  It was completely adjustable.  The
victim was secured by her head, arms and legs.  The legs could be opened or
closed, spreading to over five feet, more than enough to leave the victim spread
and vulnerable.  The pillory also moved up and down, forcing the head and arms
of the victim down to the ground.  When the legs were kept stationary, and the
head lowered, the victims ass would be pushed out and spread open, ready for any
abuse.  Often, the victim would be forced to spread her knees to prevent them
from breaking, opening herself for his pleasure.  He was going to enjoy Natalie.

	Natalie was sitting on the couch, waiting for a few minutes since her
reservations were not for a half-hour.  She turned toward the door, startled, as
it burst open and three men in uniforms rushed in.

	The guards caught sight of Natalie immediately as they came through the
door, a passkey supplied by the hotel front desk making entrance easy.  Two
rushed over to her and pulled her up from the couch, while the other watched his
prey, his hands full of equipment to secure her.

	"What's going on, who are you?  Natalie cried out, the sudden shock
overcoming her.

	"You are under arrest.  The charges will be explained once we get back
to Headquarters.  In the meantime, you will only speak when spoken to."  A hand
shot out and slapped Natalie sharply, catching her on her right cheek.  Before
she could react, the hand backhanded her left cheek bringing tears to her eyes. 
"Do you understand?"

	Natalie's arms were held tightly to her side, one of the guards grabbing
her in a bear hug, her arms secured inside his grip.  "Yes, Sir," she stammered. 
Oh, God, they are going to things to me again.  She could feel her pussy already
becoming wet.

	The guard moved in front of Natalie, handcuffs dangling from his hand. 
"Arms in front," he ordered her.  Natalie complied, putting both of her wrists
in front together.  She felt the cold steel cuffs slap onto her wrists, the
sound of the cuffs locking breaking the silence in the room.  "Move," the guard
pushing Natalie out the front door and down the hall.  A couple moved past her,
seeing the cuffs on her hands and the guards holding her securely between them. 
They took the elevator to the lobby and as they passed the desk, Natalie heard
one of the guards say to the clerk, "we will come back and get here things, she
will be held downtown for a while." 

	Natalie cringed when she heard that.  They intended to put her in
prison.  She knew what happened to her in just a few hours at the airport, what
would they do to her in prison.  Her pussy began to get wet.  Oh, God, why is
this making me wet.  They will probably rape me.  She saw the army truck, a
large imposing vehicle.  The door was opened in the back and the three guards
pushed Natalie inside the truck.  The noise of the door closing rang out,
blocking out the sunlight, the truck dark, illuminated by two bulbs hanging from
the ceiling.  She looked around and saw the benches built around the side of the
truck.  Various rings were situated in the panels above the benches and also on
the floor of the truck.  She cringed when she thought of there use.

	"Over here."  The guard pulled Natalie over to the center of one side of
the truck.  He pulled a chain out from under the seat and attached it to the
center of the cuffs.  "Sit," pushing Natalie down until she plopped onto the
hard bench.  He pulled the chain up and secured it through the ring above her
head and began to pull on the other end. 

       Slowly, Natalie's hands were being raised over her head.  Higher and
higher her arms went, over her head, her breasts beginning to strain against the
blouse.  She was almost pulled off of the seat before the guard stopped, her
arms now pulled up tightly to the ring above her, stretching her upper body up. 
Her breasts pushed out from the cruel bondage.  She felt the chain locked into
place, her arms straining above her head. She felt a hand on each ankle, a
leather strap being secured.  A chain was attached to each strap and it was
pulled out until it came to a ring in the floor, each about two feet from where
her feet were.
      
       	"Not yet, don't secure her legs yet," one of the guards ordered the
others.  They pulled the chain through the ring, but did not tighten them.  The
guard in charge stepped before Natalie, his crotch at her eye level.  He reached
down to and cupped her face, forcing her to look up at her.  "Am I going to have
to chain your legs open or will you submit?"  He looked at her, evil in his
eyes.
      
       "No, don't chain me anymore, I will do what you say."  Natalie did not
have a choice.  Either submit or being chained and they would have their way
with anyway.
      
       "That's a good decision, things could get very difficult and painful for
you if you do not cooperate.  We can and will do anything we want with you as
you found out in the airport."  His hands moved from her face, rubbing up her
arms, stretched high over her head.  "You have a very beautiful body, Natalie." 
He moved his crotch closer to her face, pushing the front of his pants against
her lips. 
      
       Natalie could feel the hard cock in his pants push against her face,
rubbing up against her mouth.  No, please don't make me suck his cock, she
thought as the hard cock rubbed over her face.  Not in front of the others, she
couldn't suck all of them.
      
       The guard moved his crotch from her face and kneeled before her, his
hands resting on her skirt, above her knees.  He pushed her knees apart
slightly, her legs spreading wider.  "Yes, you are very beautiful, Natalie.  You
have such a young, untrained body, just waiting for someone to take charge of
you.  Captain Gomez has many plans for you when you get to headquarters, but I
think we would like to see and feel you first.  We have an hour ride so why not
enjoy some of the treasures you have to offer.  You don't mind, do you Natalie?"
      
       Natalie saw the grins on all of the guard's faces and knew she had no
choice.  They could and would do anything they wanted to her body and she could
not stop them.  Her arms were bound and chained above her, her body defenseless
against these evil men.  "No, you may do as you want, I cannot stop you."  Her
head hung down submissively, preparing herself for the degradation they intended
to inflict on her youthful body.  Natalie saw the hands move up her legs, over
her stomach, searching out her breasts.  They moved up until they reached the
bottom of her bra and the fingers became insistent, gripping her large breasts,
thrust out by her bondage.  The large hands moved over her tits and began to
squeeze them, forcing a groan of pain from Natalie as her breasts were abused.
      
       "Nice set of tits, Natalie," his fingers' molding her breasts as they
mauled her tender flesh.  He moved over to the buttons of her blouse and began
to unbutton more of them until it was open to her waist.  "Hope you don't mind
showing your tits to us," he laughed as he pulled her blouse from her skirt and
pushed it to the side.  His hands reached again to her bra-encased breasts and
began to squeeze and mold them again, fingers pinching, searching out for her
nipples.  He ran his fingers over the top of her breasts, the naked skin pushed
up by her low-cut bra.  He began to make pinching movements on her tit flesh,
grabbing her flesh between his fingers and pinching hard, making Natalie gasp.
      
       "Not so hard, please," she begged.  She felt the hands reach inside her
bra searching out her bare breasts.  Fingers found her nipples and pinched them. 
"OOOOWWW," she cried, "not so hard."
      
       The guard grabbed her naked tits and pulled them out of her bra, forcing
them out over her bra.  The cool air rushed over her nipples, forcing them into
hard points, begging for the fingers to return.  "Look at the nipples on this
bitch," his fingers groping her tit flesh, grabbing onto the hard nipples and
squeezing them tightly.  "You like that, Natalie, you like when I pinch your
nipples hard." 
      
       Natalie arched her back as her nipples were brutally grabbed and twisted. 
"OOOOHHHH, GGGOOODD, that hurts, please, my nipples hurt," she cried out,
twisting her body trying to escape the cruel fingers.  She felt the guard move
his fingers off her nipples before snapping two fingers back on her nipple,
striking the delicate morsel, the pain jolting her body.  The fingers moved to
the other, snapping again on the erect tissue, another jolt of pain running
through her body.
      
       The guard watched her body as he snapped her nipples.  His fingers
reached out again and grabbed her nipples and begin to pull them from her body. 
He watched as her nipples elongated, his fingers digging harder into her nipple
flesh to make sure it did not lose its grip.  "You have nice big nipples, they
are made to be abused." 
      
       Natalie cringed at the crude comments made by the guard as he twisted her
nipples, the pain racing through her body.  She could see the other guards
watching, waiting for their turn to abuse her body.  She was already stripped
half-naked, her breasts pushed up like an offering, begging to be abused.  She
could see the bulges in the other guard's pants, their cock getting hard from
her pain.
      
       The guard releases her nipples, the flesh snapping back, her nipples and
areola turning red from the abuse, but staying hard and erect.  He began to
unbutton his pants and lower them to the floor of the truck.  His cock bulged
his shorts out as he grabbed it in his hand.  "I want you to suck my cock,
Natalie.  Open your mouth real wide and let's see how good of a cocksucker you
can be."  He pushed his shorts down, his cock springing into view.  He grabbed
his cock and began to rub it over Natalie's face, precum already on the large
head, smearing over her cheeks, glistening in the light.
      
       "Please, don't make me do that, I don't want that in my mouth," she
begged.  She felt the sticky cum on her face.  His cock was huge and was hot and
throbbing.  She did not think she could even get her lips around it, let alone
have him force it into her mouth.  She felt fingers at her lips, pushing in,
forcing her lips apart.
      
       "Behave, Natalie, now open up the sweet little mouth and suck my cock. 
Now don't tell me you never sucked a cock before.  That little angel face was
born to be fucked."  The fingers pushed into her mouth, two fingers spreading
her lips apart, preparing her for the cock that was waiting.
      
       "MMMGGGG," Natalie cried, "nnneevver did that before, please don't make
me."  She squirmed on the bench, her fists clenching as her lips were spread
wider and wider, three fingers now opening her mouth, getting it ready for the
large cock to fuck her face.  She felt the spongy tip of his cock push into the
opening and the fingers retreat, the head of his cock now keeping her lips open
and spread.
      
       "Don't bite, Natalie, just lick the head, get it nice and wet.  I'm going
to fuck your face until I cum in your mouth.  You are going to swallow my cum
like a good, little cocksucker.  Then the other guards are going to have a turn
fucking your face.  You are going to have to swallow three loads of cum.  If you
do a good job, we will make you cum.  Now take my cock a little deeper."
      
       His cum was salty and thick and stuck to her tongue.  How would she be
able to swallow the vile substance when he came?  She felt the cock come alive
in her mouth.  As she ran her tongue over it, it jerked in the hot confines of
her oral cavity.  It filled her mouth as it began to push deeper and deeper into
her mouth, her tongue running over the crown and lapping at his piss slit.  She
heard him moan in pleasure as she sucked in the large cock.  She could feel her
pussy begin to get wet.  She was being taken against her will, a cock forced
into her mouth while they watched her suck it, trying to bring his cum out of
his balls and into her willing mouth.  She was proud of herself, she had taken
the huge instrument into her mouth and was pleasing him.  She continued to run
her tongue over the cock as she felt it push deeper into her mouth.  She felt
hands on the side of her head, pulling her onto the cock embedded in her mouth.
      
       "Take it deeper, Natalie, take my cock down your throat."  He pulled
Natalie onto his cock at the same time he pushed into her mouth.  He could feel
his cock bumping against the back of her mouth.  He felt her gag as his cock
tried to push into her throat.  He pulled back out for a second, hearing her
gasp for air as the huge cock in her throat blocked her breathing.  "Relax and
take my cock, you can do it, Natalie." 
      
       Natalie felt the huge cock try to enter her throat, making her gag as it
pushed deeper.  He stomach turned inside out as she choked.  "AGGGG, GGGGHHHH,"
the cock pulling from her mouth.  She sucked in air before the cock began its
re-entry, pushing her tongue aside as it powered to the back of her mouth. 
"GGGGHHHHH, AAAWWWWW," the cock choking her again.  It continued to press
forward, her gagging and choking milking the cock, squeezing it so tightly as it
forced itself down her throat.  Hand held her tightly, forcing her to take the
cock down her throat.
      
       "That's a good girl, Natalie, swallow my cock, take it in your throat and
squeeze my cum out."  He pulled out and then fucked back into her mouth again,
seeking out her defenseless throat, forcing her to accept the rape of her mouth
and throat.  She might not have ever sucked a cock before, but she was a natural
cocksucker. 
      
       Natalie could feel the cock getting bigger in her mouth.  Her lips were
wrapped tightly around the cock as it pushed relentlessly in and out her virgin
mouth, fucking her face.  Her arms were chained high above her head, her breasts
naked and swollen and her mouth was being fucked by a huge cock, yet her pussy
was dripping wet.
      
       "I'm going to pull my cock out of your throat.  Take a deep breath than
run your tongue over the head of my cock while sucking on it.  I'm ready to cum
and I want to cum on your tongue.  Don't forget, swallow all of my cum.  That's
a good girl, deep breath.  Yes, your tongue feels so good, keeping sucking, yes,
aaawwww, IIIII'MMMMM cccccummmminnng, in your hot little mouth.  Suck my cum
out."  He pushed his cock in and out, her tongue running over the head as he
unloaded jets of cum in her virgin mouth.  He had taken her virgin mouth and
fucked it.
      
       Natalie ran her tongue back and forth over the cock.  She felt it swell
up in her mouth and she knew that she was about to receive her first load of cum
in her mouth.  She braced for it.  The first blast of cum took her by surprise. 
It shot out with such force it almost came out her nose.  Her mouth was quickly
filling with his hot, pasty cum.  She did not necessarily like the taste of it,
but she obeyed and sucked the cum for all she was worth.  She swallowed the
first mouthful just in time to receive the next.  While not as much as the
first, it still shot to the back of her mouth and down her throat, making her
choke on it.  She ran her tongue over his piss slit, dragging a third and final
load of cum in her mouth.  She felt the cock soften and slowly withdraw from her
mouth.  It ran over her lips, leaving a trail of hot cum on its way out.  She
ran her tongue over her lips, lapping up the last of his cum as his cock plucked
from her tight confines of her mouth.
      
       The guard ran his wet cock over her lips and face as he pulled it from
her mouth.  "Are you ready for another, Natalie?  Are you ready to suck another
cock and swallow another load of cum?
      
       Another guard moved in front of Natalie, his cock already out and hard. 
He pushed it up to her closed lips.  "Suck my cock, Natalie, do a good job, open
wide and take it in."  He pushed his cock into her parted lips and felt her
tongue begin to bathe his cock.
      
       Natalie felt another cock at her lips and she willingly parted them,
allowing it to fuck inside of her mouth.  It felt so hard as it begin to fuck
her again, reaching out for her throat, making her choke and gag again as she
was forced to accept the cruel ravishment of her mouth.  She could feel her
pussy juice run down her thighs as she began to suck the cock in her mouth
again. 
      
       The only sound in the truck was Natalie choking and gagging as the cock
fucked her face.  Long minutes of forceful plunges down her throat, forcing her
to swallow the long instrument.  Natalie lapped at the cock with her tongue,
trying to make it cum in her mouth.  Finally it plunged deep inside of her
throat and she could feel it pulsate in her throat, shooting his cum directly
into her stomach.  He pulled out just in time for Natalie to receive his next
load of cum in her mouth, it bathing her tongue with the hot, salty mixture. 
She did not have a chance to swallow the load before his third load filled her
mouth.  Cum began to drip down her lips onto her chin as her mouth was filled to
overflowing with his heavy cum.  She gulped and swallowed the cum, it filling
her stomach with two loads of cum.  She felt the shrunken cock pull from her
mouth, her lips dripping with his cum.
      
       "I think we should make Natalie cum while she is sucking the last cock. 
Let's get her into a more desirable position first."
      
       Natalie felt hands return to her ankles, taking the chains off of the
leather cuffs.  They pushed her legs together.
      
       "Behind her head, put her legs behind her head."  They raised up her
legs, past her waist until they were pushed up to her head.
      
       "You're breaking my legs, please, they wouldn't bend that far," Natalie
cried.  Her legs were pushed up high, her skirt riding up, uncovering her
panty-covered mound.  She felt them give her legs a final push and they went
behind her head.  She felt them snap the ankle cuffs together, securing her legs
tightly behind her head.  She could feel the cool air on her naked ass, only
covered by her thong panties.
      
       The guards stepped back to look at Natalie.  She sat bound, her arms
above her head, her naked breasts pushed up and out of her bra, her legs high
over her head, restrained.  Her lower body was now spread open for their
pleasure, her thong panties the last protection.  One of the guards crouched
down before her, staring directly at her spread pussy.  "I'm going to eat your
cunt until you cum."  The last guard pushed in front of Natalie, his hard cock
waiting to enter her hot mouth.  He wanted his blowjob.
      
       Natalie felt fingers on her crotch, rubbing over her panty-covered pussy,
her panties soaked with her juices.  She felt the fingers push her panties
aside, baring her pussy to his gaze.  Fingers pulled her pussy lips open,
blowing hot air on her spread pussy.  Natalie shivered in lust as she felt a
tongue begin to run up her exposed pussy.  At the same time another hard cock
pushed against her lips.  She parted them again, allowing the erect member to
enter her mouth, ready for another face fucking.  Her hips jerked as the tongue
ran up and down her pussy slit, fingers pulling her pussy lips open.  The tongue
pushed against her pussy and slipped inside, her pussy gripping it as in pushed
in an inch. "MMMMGGGG,AAAGGGGHH," the only noise escaping from her mouth as the
thick cock began to fuck her face, her lips sucking hard on the cock, her tongue
playing over the head.  Natalie jumped, the tongue seeking out her clit. Fingers
found her clit hood, pushed it aside and the tongue began to lap the erect
little morsel, lips sucking it inside his mouth, while his tongue rasped over
the tender flesh.  Her body jerked back and forth from the tongue fucking as her
mouth was continually buffeted by the hard cock fucking her face.
      
       "You sure learned how to suck a cock fast, Natalie, your going to suck
all the cum out of my balls soon.  Take my cock deep in your throat."  He forced
his cock further into her mouth, her gagging testifying to the fact that it
began to enter her throat.  He felt Natalie's throat massaging the erect cock. 
"I'm going to cum soon.  Make the bitch cum with me."
      
       Fingers pulled Natalie's cheeks apart, exposing her tiny anus.  She was
still an anal virgin, her anus a tiny star on her bottom.  She jumped as the hot
tongue rolled over her exposed anus, sending shivers through her body.  Now a
tongue was trying to enter her anus.  She felt the tongue stiffen and then force
her anus open, pushing into her anus, her sphincter tightening down on the oral
digit, trying to force it from her body.
      
       "Stick a finger up her ass and bite her clit.  Make the bitch cum.  I
going to shoot in her hot mouth in a minute." 
      
       Natalie's hips tried to move up as a finger began to push into her anus,
opening her bunghole as it slid over the spit covered anus.  She bucked up as
her body tried to expel the digit.  She felt the mouth move back over her clit,
exposed and hard, as it sucked the morsel into his mouth.  His tongue ran
roughly over it forcing groans from Natalie, as the finger in her ass continued
is anal ravishment, pushing relentlessly into her anal tract.  It was now up to
the second joint, gripped tightly by her sphincter.  Another push and the finger
was fully embedded into her rectum, twisting and turning within the confines of
her anal tract.  "OOOOOOOGGGGGHHH," she mumbled, her mouth filled with hard cock
as teeth bit down on her clit as lips sucked it into his mouth.  It felt like he
was trying to tear if off.  The finger twisting in her rectum, her clit getting
bit and pulled was too much for her overloaded body.  She could feel an orgasm
approaching.  She pumped her body up and down on the mouth and finger
masturbating her.  "AAAGGGG," she cried out as she climaxed.  She felt the cock
in her mouth begin to shoot and fill her oral cavity with his hot cum.  She
shuddered in another orgasm as her ravaged body betrayed herself, cumming from
the forced masturbation as she sucked the third and final cock, filling her
stomach with another load of cum.
      
       The guard felt Natalie's hot mouth suck the cum out of his balls,
shooting into her mouth, filling her with his hot cum.  She felt her body
shudder, knowing that they had made her cum.  He dumped another load, filling
her mouth to overflowing, running down her face.  He withdrew from her mouth,
his cock softening as it slipped from her lips.  They watched as Natalie's body
shuddered and slumped exhausted. 
      
       "Time to meet Captain Gonzales.  He has so many things to do to that
delightful body."  The guards released her legs and help put her clothes back
together.  When they finished, Natalie did not look like she was fucked out.
      
       Natalie was ushered into Captain Gonzales office.  The first thing she
noticed was the large amount of bondage equipment, all meant to hold a person in
restraint.  She shuddered in fear, but also in excitement.  She knew that soon
she would be bound and unable to defend herself and they would then take
advantage of her young body, making her do things that were perverted.  But, at
the same time she felt her body beginning to get excited again, even though they
had just made her cum, the unknown exciting her.
      
       "Ah, Natalie, I am glad you could make it.  I hope my guards made your
ride her enjoyable.  I like to share the simple pleasures we get her with my
men."  Gonzales stared at Natalie, drinking in the delightful body she had.  His
men had already described her charms and the way she had responded to her forced
masturbation.  He thought of the many things he would do to that body, many of
them she would enjoy, but also the ones she would not.
      
       "Yes, Sir, why am I here?"  Natalie looked at Gonzales with fear in her
eyes.  She could see the evil.
      
       "We have had you under surveillance since your arrival.  You have been
spotted speaking to subversives in our country and we must be assured that you
do not have intentions of overthrowing our government.  We will keep you here
until we are sure you are cooperating with us fully.  Do you wish to cooperate
with us Natalie?"
      
       Natalie cringed when she heard his last sentence.  She knew what he meant
when he asked her to cooperate fully.  He wanted her to submit to him sexually. 
And she knew that he would do unspeakable things to her and she would be forced
to accept and even help them do them to her.  She did not have a choice.  She
still had three days before she was to return home, no one would even miss her
for three days.  "Yes, I will do whatever you say, Sir," her head hanging down
submissively. 
      
       "That is a very good attitude to have, Natalie.  I will try to make your
visit as painless as possible.  Now, I have some work to do before I can attend
to you and my men have to get back to their very important duties, so I am going
to have to place you in restraints while I finish.  Please, remove your clothes
except for you panties and your high heels.  Hurry, now, I am a busy man."
      
       Natalie nervously began to unbutton her blouse, let it pull loose from
her skirt.  She slid it off her shoulders and placed it on the chair near her. 
Her skirt was next, unsnapping it and letting it fall to a puddle on the floor
beneath her. 
      
       "You have a very lovely body, Natalie, remove the bra.  My men tell me
you have very lovely breasts."
      
       Natalie reached behind her and unsnapped her bra, letting it slip from
her shoulders and fall to the floor.  She covered her breasts by cupping her
them with her palms.
      
       "I cannot see them when you cover them like that.  Now, remove your hands
and place them at your side.  Show me your breasts."
      
       Natalie hung her head down and let her arms fall to her sides.  She
blushed, knowing that her beasts were now naked for the Captain to see.  In the
van, she was bound and they uncovered her, she was being forced to strip herself
for his pleasure.  She could feel her nipples harden, partly in excitement, part
from the cool air in the room.
      
       "Straighten up, push your breasts out, they are very beautiful and full. 
Your nipples are big and erect.  Are you getting excited over stripping for me,
Natalie?
      
       Natalie straightened her back and pushed her chest out.  She could feel
her breasts standing up high and tall on her chest, her nipples hard and erect,
pointing outward.  "Please, Sir, do not humiliate me anymore, let me keep my
clothes on."
      
       "You will spend most of your time here naked and many people will get to
see and inspect your body, especially your most intimate parts, so you might as
well get used to if.  Now, turn around, I see that you are wearing thong panties
and I want to see that gorgeous ass."
      
       Natalie turned around, at least she would not have to look at his face as
he humiliated here. 
      
       "Yes, you have a great ass, Natalie, so full.  It was made for spanking. 
Have you ever been spanked before, Natalie?  Bend over and touch your toes and
hold that position.
      
       "Please don't spank me, I haven't been spanked since I was six, I am too
old for that," she cried.  She bent over, her ass pushing out towards him.  She
kept her legs clamped tightly, hoping that he could not see her intimate charms.
      
       "I am afraid we might have to punish you while you are here and that
lovely ass was made for spanking.  Now stand up and walk over to the center of
the room."
      
       Natalie was pushed to the center of the room until she stood under two
chains hanging from the ceiling.  Gonzales lowered the chain until they were in
front of her, waist high.  He brought out the handcuffs again and the sharp snap
echoed throughout the room as she was again secured.  He attached the chain to
the handcuffs and the chain began to move toward the ceiling again.
      
       Natalie felt her wrists again bound, this time the chain attached to
them.  She heard the chain clanging as it pulled up towards the ceiling her arms
slowly rising with the chain.  Up, they went higher, her arms now going over her
head, her breasts rising on her chest, pulled up by her upward movement of her
arms. Natalie felt the handcuffs start to pull on her wrists, her body held
taunt by the chain.  She could feel Gonzales moving behind her.
      
       "I need quiet while I am working, so I am going to use this."
      
       Natalie felt Gonzales push something from behind her towards her face. 
As it passed into her vision, she noticed that it was a large wooden dowel, over
2 inches in diameter.  It was about four inches wide and at each end was leather
strips hanging loosely.
      
       "Open you mouth, Natalie.  That's a good girl," pushing the dowel into
her mouth and pulling it behind her head with the leather straps.  He tied it
and began to pull it, forcing her mouth to open more and more as it pulled back. 
When her mouth was stretched open, the thick dowel jammed between her lips, he
tied the leather straps tightly, securing it in place.  This would silence most
noise from Natalie except for grunting and groaning.
      
       Gonzales stepped back to admire Natalie.  She hung there, her mouth
stretched open with a wooden dowel, her body pulled taunt by the chains pulling
her arms over her head, her breasts heaving as she struggled to keep her
position.  "Just a little more and then I will be finished." 
      
       Natalie felt straps run over her ankles, circling them three times before
a knot tied tightly.  Another strap at her knees did the same, with a third
place tightly around her thighs.  Her legs were now bound securely together.
      
       "Now, just a little higher and I will leave you alone for a while."
      
       Natalie shook her head back and forth, "MMMMGGG, MMMMMRRRR" the only
noise possible behind the dowel in her mouth as she felt her wrists pulled up
higher.  The handcuffs began to dig into her wrists, igniting extreme pain as
she was pulled up.
      
       "On your tiptoes, that's good, stay on your tiptoes and the pain will be
less."  Gonzales stepped over to the edge of the wall and turned on a switch.  A
lamp overhead lit up, illuminating Natalie in a bright, hot light.  He looked
over at Natalie, hearing her grunt and groan as her body strained to remain on
her tiptoes.  Her arms were stretched tightly over her head.  Her body was
pulled tightly, her legs stretching to reach the floor, her muscles taunt.  Her
belly was pulled tight, her breasts standing high up on her chest, heaving as
she strained.  The heat from the light was starting to have the effect on her,
sweat beginning to appear on her body.  Gonzales gazed at her in lust, soon she
would be glistening in sweat, her youthful body straining to lessen the pain, a
sight that made his cock hard.
      
       Natalie felt Gonzales move behind her, his body pressed up against hers. 
She could feel his hard cock on her exposed ass as he rubbed against her.  His
fingers reached around, searching out her breasts and nipples, gripping them
tightly.
      
       "That's a good girl, Natalie, I will be back for you shortly."  His
fingers pinched her nipples hard, invoking a muffled cry from Natalie.  "Yes,
your body is so sensitive.  Soon your legs will tire and you will hang from your
wrists, but you will soon find out that it is more painful and return to the
tiptoes."  Gonzales walked back to his desk and began to work again.  He would
look up at Natalie, his cock straining his pants as he saw the torment in her
face as her half-naked, taunt body hung for his pleasure.  Soon he would need
release.  By that time, Natalie will be more then willing to allow him his
perverted pleasures with her body.
      
(To Be Continued)




Author: Powerone
Title: Airport Search
Part: Chapter 4
Summary: Natalie is searched at an airport in Cuba.  She is humiliated by the
guards and masturbated until she cums.  Her body is abused and again forced to
cum from the pain and the pleasure.
Keywords: M+f, nc, anal, reluc, humiliation, toys, spanking

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  You may contact the author at
controlher@hotmail.com.

Airport Search
Chapter 4

	Captain Gonzales tried to pay attention and get his work done but with
such a lovely creature standing tall, her body pulled taunt, naked before him,
it was difficult.  His cock was so hard he thought it would bust the zipper on
his pants.  He looked at his watch and saw that it was 9:55, only five more
minutes until his visitors would arrive.  There was three high ranking
government officials coming at his request.  They were all over 70 years old and
very powerful in the President Castro government.  He was hoping that they might
help further his career so he had arranged that they be present when he played
with pretty Natalie.

	Natalie watched as Gonzales walked over to her.  Her arms hurt terribly,
her legs no longer able to support her.  She had stood on tiptoes as long as she
could but the pain in her feet finally overcame her and she now hung, limply by
her wrists, the handcuffs digging deep into her wrists.  She could see that his
hard cock bulging out his pants, but she did not care.  She knew she had to get
released from the handcuffs.  "Please, Sir, please let me down, my wrists feel
like they are going to break."  Her body covered in sweat shone in the lights of
the room. 

	"What's the matter, dear, am I not making you comfortable?"  He moved
next to her and his hands reached up and ran over her taunt stomach, his palms
rubbing over the sweat covered stomach. 

	She pulled in her stomach when she felt his hand touch her.  She felt it
moving on her and she knew that he would be soon running his hands all over her
body and she couldn't do anything to stop it.  She was not sure she even wanted
him to stop.  She could already feel her pussy becoming wet.  She was learning
to love the things they forced her to do.  They kept making her cum.  "I'll do
anything, just let me down, anything," she begged.  She knew that she had no
choice, the handcuffs were cutting her wrists.

	"Are you willing to cooperate with me, Natalie?  Are you willing to do
anything I order you?  I will expect complete obedience from you, if you dare to
disobey me you will be punished swiftly and painfully.  Is that understood?"

	"What are you going to do?" she cried as Gonzale's hands moved up and
begin to gently rub over her breasts.  She felt his fingers searching out her
nipples and she knew she would soon feel the tightening of the fingers on them.
He seemed to enjoy inflicting pain on her delicate nipples.  But they always
became harder and more erect when they did it.

	"That doesn't matter, you will soon find out.  You must accept whatever
I desire of your lovely body."  He moved behind her, his arms circling her, his
hands now grabbing her breasts tightly, squeezing them hard, watch her body jump
from the painful grip of his hands.  He grabbed her nipples with his fingers and
began to tighten them.  He could feel her body clenching as the pain began.  He
enjoyed playing with their bodies this way, feeling them trying to fight him but
unable to stop him.  This was the best part about the job, the availability of
young, nubile girls, stripped naked and forced to allow him to degrade them. He
would almost work for nothing to be able to do this.

	"Yes," her voice trembling as she hung there, Gonzales body pressed up
hard against her.  She could feel his hard cock pushed against her.  Her nipples
began to burn in pain as his fingers continued to dig into the delicate buds. 
"Yes, I will do whatever you say," resigning to her fate.

	"That's very good Natalie, we are going to spend some time together,"
his hands moving down from her breasts, over the flat plane of her stomach until
he reached her pussy.  His fingers brushed over her sparse pussy hair before
pushing down lower, two fingers spreading her pussy lips apart as they slid
down.  "You're awfully wet, Natalie, I think you enjoy this.  I think we can
find many things to excite you, Natalie, many things." 

	Natalie was jolted back to reality with the heavy knock on the door. 
Please, no more people, she thought, her eyes glued to the heavy door.

	"That's our visitors, Natalie, they are going to enjoy watching you as I
humiliate you.  You don't mind, do you Natalie?"

	"No, Sir," her head hanging down in shame, others would watch as he did
things to her body.

	"Come in," Gonzales yelled to the door.  The door opened and three old
men came into the room.  They were all in their seventies and their eyes opened
wide when they saw the naked girl strung up in the corner, Gonzales behind her,
his fingers running over her splayed pussy lips.  "Gentlemen, let me introduce
you to Natalie.  Natalie is our visitor for a few days and she has consented to
you being here, haven't you Natalie?"  He pushed his finger in her pussy,
feeling her grabbing it tightly as he did.

	"Yes," her voice trembling.  She did not expect such old men.  It seemed
so much more degrading that they will be watching her.

	Gonzales moved his hands from Natalie and began to let her handcuffs
hands come down.  Her feet fell flat to the floor, relief covering her face, as
her wrists were no longer straining to hold her weight.  Her hands reached her
waist, the chain hanging loosely now.  He reached down and opened her handcuffs.

	Natalie's head hung down as she rubbed her wrists, the feeling returning
to them.  She did not want to see the faces of the old men ogling her naked
body.  She felt the restraints taken from her legs.  She stood there, waiting
for the unknown.  She felt Gonzale's hand around her waist, leading her away.

	"Over here, Natalie."   He moved her over towards his desk where an
examination chair was situated.

	Natalie cringed when she saw where she was being led.  Near the desk
stood a strange looking chair.  She knew what it would be used for.  The back of
the chair was made of molded plastic, formed fitted to hold the body of a
female.  The seat, if you could call it that, consisted only of a small plastic
section.  The whole chair was on an incline.  Along the edge, at the bottom of
the seat stood out two stirrups. 

	"Sit down, Natalie.  We want to examine your body very intimately and we
want you to help us."  Gonzales turned Natalie around and pushed her back into
the chair.  He helped to keep her from falling as he glided her body into the
contoured chair. 

	Natalie felt the cold plastic hit her back as she was placed in the
chair.  She was half-sitting, half-reclining in the chair.  She started to slide
down the chair, the bottom not providing any support.

	"Put your legs in the stirrups, Natalie, otherwise you will slip to the
floor.  Now, don't be embarrassed.  We are going to see much more of your body
real soon.  We are just getting going."  He watched as her shapely legs moved up
and first the left, then the right was placed in the stirrups.

	Natalie felt per pussy spreading open, as she put her legs in the
stirrup.  The stirrups prevented her from slipping from the chair but the
downward pressure of her body forced pressure on her legs, spreading her legs
open wider.

	"Gentlemen, why don't you bring a chair over her so you may see better." 
The three men grabbed chairs, their eyes never leaving Natalie's spread pussy
and placed them in front of her.  Gonzale's chair was placed directly between
her spread legs.  "Now, look up Natalie, we all want to see your face.  Don't
hide your humiliation, that pleases us.  And you do want to please us don't
you?"
	
	Natalie looked into Gonzale's eyes, her face already red in
embarrassment as she sat in the chair, naked and spread, four sets of eyes on
her naked body.  She looked down at Gonzales as his hands reached out to her
legs, pushing the stirrups up higher, making her bend her knees more.  He put
his hand on the inside of her thigh and pushed outward, making her spread open
more.  The hand went to the other side, again pushing outward, her pussy now
gaping open for all of them to see.

	"I'm not going to strap her legs in because I know that Natalie will
keep her legs spread open for us, wouldn't you?"  Gonzales looked into her eyes
as she nodded her head.  "That's a good girl.  Continue cooperating with us,
Natalie.  Gentlemen, Natalie has very lovely breasts and very sensitive nipples. 
She loves when they are abused roughly.  Natalie, we want you to play with your
body.  We are going to watch you cum.  In fact you are going to cum many times
for us." 

	"No, not that," she cried.  It was bad enough that they were going to
abuse her body, now Gonzales wanted her to masturbate in front of them. 
"Please, don't make me do that."

	"Now, now, Natalie, there is nothing more sexy then a lovely girl
masturbating for us.  I will help you, I have some lovely toys that I want to
use on your body, but you are going to do most of it.  Starts by playing with
your nipples, wet your fingers and make them hard.  NOW, I am not going to tell
you twice again," his voice raised.

	Startled by his voice, she put her fingers in her mouth, running her
tongue over the digits and then moved down to her breasts.  Her body quivered as
her nipples instantly sprung to erection as her wet fingers touched them.  She
closed her eyes, the feeling beginning in her loins.

	"Open and watch us, we want to see your eyes at all times.  Continue,
play with your nipples.  Gentlemen, if you will notice, you can see some pussy
juice glistening on Natalie's spread pussy."

	Natalie jumped as she felt Gonzale's fingers spread her pussy lips open
more, stretching them wide, giving everyone a clear view of her pink insides. 
She could feel how wet she was getting, now they also knew.  Her fingers
continued to pull and tug on her nipples.  Gonzales was right, she loved it when
she felt the pain in her nipples.  She pinched harder, squeezing the tender
morsels between her fingers, the blood rushing into the pointed tips.  "MMMM,"
she began to moan.

	Gonzales picked up two nipple clamps.   "Put these on your nipples,
Natalie.  They are very tight and will hurt.  Leave the tip of your nipple still
uncovered."  He handed them to Natalie and she looked into his eyes, knowing
that she would have to inflict her own pain on her nipples.

	Natalie put one down and grabbed the other, opening the clamp, small
metal teeth inside.  They were going to hurt, really hurt bad.  Her other hand
grabbed her breast just behind the nipple, pushing outward, making the nipple
stand out.  It was so hard and erect.  She moved the clamp over the nipple, the
cold clamp stimulating her nipple to even greater hardness.  She closed her eyes
and clenched her mouth as she released the nipple.  She felt a terrible pressure
and then all of a sudden the pain shot up her spine.  "EEEEEEHHHHHHH," she
screamed, her chest heaving up and down as the clamp stood out, clamped tightly
on her crushed nipple.  Her fists tightened in pain as the pain continued,
feeling like a pair of pliers was crushing her nipples. "AAAAAHHHH," the pain
clouding her brain.  She looked through her tear stained eyes, all of them
watching her as she abused her own body for their pleasure. 

	"Very good, Natalie, now the other, we don't want it to feel neglected."

	Natalie took in a deep breath, the pain diminishing in her other nipple
to a dull ache.  She knew how much it would hurt when she did it again.  Her
fingers grabbed her breast, the other hand opening the clamp and she quickly
snapped it down on her other nipple.  "AAAAAAGGGGHHHH, hurt's bad, EEEEEHHHHH,"
tears now rolling down her cheeks, the pain returning, shooting into her body. 
Her chest heaved up and down, igniting the pain in the clamps as they bounced
around on her chest.  "Pleeeeaassee, can I take them off, they hurt so much,
pllllleeeasse."

	Gonzales smiled at her, "no, we just got started Natalie."  His hands
moved up to her breasts, grabbing them just below the nipples, now pinched
tightly by the clamps.  He squeezed them, sending blood to the pinched tips.

	"OOOOHHH, that hurts, please don't," her hands raising up to push his
away but deciding against it.  She clenched her fists in pain as the pain
radiated from the delicate tips.

	"That's a good girl, keep your hands down.  I want you to play with your
pussy.  That will make you forget the pain in your nipples.  I am going to make
your nipples become even harder.  I will enjoy the increased pain they will
bring you.  Now, play with your pussy.  Make yourself cum for us, Natalie."

	Natalie watched as Gonzales hands continued to squeeze her breasts, the
blood pounding in her nipples as the clamps crushed them.  She moved her hand
down to her pussy, all eyes on her spread thighs as her fingers ran down her
pussy lips, already spread wide and wet in anticipation.  Her hips pushed up as
her fingers found her wet sex and brushed over her pussy.  "AAAAGGGHH,
pleassse," not even sure what she was protesting.  Her fingers pushed down
lower, spreading her pussy juices up and down her slit.  One finger found its
way inside her pussy, gripped tightly as it speared inside her body.

	"Play with your clit with your other hand, Natalie, I want you to cum
for us."  Gonzales grabbed a small paintbrush about 1/2 inch wide.  It was made
of heavy horsehair, very rough.  He moved it up to her trapped nipple and began
to brush it over the exposed tip.  He had purposely left the tip of her nipple
uncovered, the clamp tightened behind it.  As he stimulated the nipple, it would
enlarge, but with the clamp behind it biting tightly into, the pain would
increase.

	Natalie arched her back up, the brush rubbing harshly over the tip. 
With the blood pushed to the tip by the clamp, it felt like sandpaper was
rubbing over it.  "OOOOWWW," she cried, but her other hand moved down to her
clit, pushing back the clitoral hood and finding her clit red and swollen in
expectation.  Her body shuddered as her finger rubbed over it, her other hand
pushing two fingers into her pussy, spreading herself open to those that gazed
at her spread body.  The brush moved over to her other nipple, igniting the pain
in that one.  She continued to finger her pussy, her juices soaking her fingers
as they plunged in and out of her tight pussy.  She grabbed her clit hard,
rubbing the bud, her hips bouncing up and down as she masturbated for them. 
What have they made her into?  Here she was naked, legs spread wide in stirrups,
her tits pinched by clamps and she was masturbating herself in front of three,
strange seventy year old men while another incited pain in her nipples.  And she
felt the beginning of stirrings in her loin, feelings that she would soon
climax.  "OOOOHHH, yyyyeeess," three fingers now in her pussy.  She could feel
her pussy clamping down on them as she worked them in and out her pussy, the
sound of her wet fingers sloshing around inside her pussy turning her face red
in embarrassment. 

	Gonzales knew she was about to pop.  "Cum for us, Natalie, these fine
gentlemen would love to see a young girl like you masturbate and cum for them. 
Maybe this will get you off."  His fingers dropped the brush and moved up to the
clamps.  Her breasts shook as they grabbed the clamps, new pain returning to her
nipples.  He pinched the clamps in, opening them, releasing the grip they had on
her tortured nipples.

	"OOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWAAAAAAAADDDDDDHHH," she cried in pain as the blood
rushed to her nipples, the pain rushing to her brain.  She tugged on her clit
harder and harder, three fingers fucking faster and faster into her cunt. 
"OOOOOOWWWW, nnnooottt agggain," she screamed as Gonzales let go of the clamps,
the tiny teeth on them biting into her bruised and battered nipples again.  
This time they pinched hard on the tips, the clamps sticking straight out from
her body, gravity pulling them down, bending her nipples downward.  She saw the
smiles on the men's faces, their hands grabbing their cocks in their pants as
she masturbated for their enjoyment, her fingers fucking her cunt deeper and
deeper

	Gonzales let go of the clamps on her tips, watching as the sharp teeth
bit into her female flesh, trapping the hard, pink tips in their jaws.  His
fingers rubbed over the clamps, making them dance on her chest, each time they
moved, the pain increasing.  "Cum for us, Natalie, cum on your fingers for us."

	"IIIII'MMMMMM CCCCCUMMMMINNNNGGG, oh god, " she cried, three fingers
pushed deep inside her pussy as she felt the first spasm of her pussy grabbing
the fingers tightly inside her.  "OOOOOOWWW, GGGGOOODDDD," it felt like Gonzales
was ripping her nipples from her breasts as he flicked the clamps with his
fingers, making them jump around on her breasts.  The pain sent a second orgasm,
more powerful then the first, her fingers rubbing over her clit.  Just when she
thought it was over, Gonzales slapped her right breast hard, sending the clamp
flying across the room, the clamp tearing her delicate nipple as it pulled from
her body.  "OOOOHHHH,  NNNOOOOTTT AAAGGGAAAIINN," her pussy pulsating in another
orgasm.  Another slap to her other breast and a fourth and final orgasm was
ripped from her young body as the pain shot from her breasts down to her pussy. 
"AAAAGGGGGGHHH," her body slumping down in the chair, raising her pussy higher,
her cum drenched fingers pulling noisily from her pussy.

	Gonzales raised her hand up to her mouth and put her cum drenched
fingers into her mouth, her lips glistening as her cum was pushed into her oral
cavity.  "Clean your fingers for us Natalie, suck your pussy juice off of your
finger."

	Natalie cringed in humiliation, but her tongue began to run over her
fingers, tasting her salty cum filling her mouth.  She had cum for them, their
eyes glued to her orgasm shattered body, sweat glistening on her skin, cum
running down her thighs as she sucked the cum from her fingers.  Had they turned
her into a whore, forced to perform for them?

	"You certainly are the nasty little slut, aren't you Natalie?  You're
all covered with cum, I will have to get you cleaned up.  Any of you gentlemen
wish to clean up Natalie's thighs with your tongues?"  Gonzales had to move his
chair out of the way quickly as all three tried to rush Natalie, with only one
winning.

	Natalie's body was so relaxed that she almost missed the whole
conversation until she felt a pair of withered hands rubbing on her thighs.  She
looked down to see the small, gray haired head between her thighs and could feel
hot breath breathing on her pussy.  "No, please, not that, not him," she begged. 
She didn't want a seventy-year-old man running his tongue around her pussy,
eating her out.  That would be too humiliating, especially if he made her cum.

	"I told you we are going to make you cum, make you cum a lot.  Now just
lay back and relax while he eats out that delicious young pussy.  I bet you he
has had more then enough experience to make your little body cum on his tongue." 
Gonzales smiled at Natalie as he saw the man begin to run his hands up and down
her thighs, each time moving closer to her soaked pussy.

	Oh, God, please make this over with, please, no more she thought, not
sure if she could suffer through another humiliating cum in front of them.  She
let her body slump in the chair, resigning to the fact that she could not stop
them from doing whatever they wanted with her body.  She felt the cold, clammy
hands moving up and down her sleek, taunt skin of her thighs.  They seem to urge
her thighs further apart, seeking to spread her pussy open even more then it was
now.  Her body shuddered as she felt a slimy tongue begin to run up her left
thigh, starting at her knee and moving higher.  She could feel it leaving a
trail of saliva as it moved upward.  The other hand grabbed her other thigh
hard, squeezing and grasping the tender flesh between its bony fingers.

	Both hands now moved up, moving up over her pussy, spreading fingers
moving over her sparse bush to grab her pussy lips.  She felt the fingers grab
her lips tightly between them and pull them apart.  "NOOOTTT, so far, that
hurts," her pussy lips pulled wide.  She could see him looking directly into her
spread pussy, his face only inches from her pussy, his hot breath on her
insides.  His fingers rubbed around her pussy, first pulling her outer lips
apart, then finding her inner lips, now swollen from sex.  Fingers spread them
apart, opening her vagina to his gaze.  She jumped as she felt a hot tongue
touch her pussy lips, running from the bottom, all the way to the top, licking
up her cum.  The tongue flicked back and forth, lapping at her cunt like a dog,
cleaning her cum from her body.  She felt the fingers pulling her open again and
the tongue, now straight out and hard, pushed into her vagina, opening up her,
wiggling back and forth inside her, bathing her insides.  Her ass rose up from
the seat, her hands moved down to the head between her gripping it tightly in
her hands, pushing it down on her, stabbing the tongue deeper inside her.  "OH,
Yes, please, yes."
	
	"I knew our little Natalie would love a nice tongue eating out her
pussy." 

	Natalie laid back, her legs spread wide, the only sound in the room was
her heavy breathing and the sound of the tongue lapping at her pussy.  You could
hear the smacking as his tongue fucked in and out of her pussy, her pussy juices
rolling all over it as it tongue-fucked her youthful pussy.  "Oh, YYEEESSS, you
are going to make me cum again, you bastard," she cried, her hips arching up
higher, forcing the tongue further into her pussy.  She felt the tongue move
back to licking up and down her pussy slit, his fingers tugging her lips apart. 
"No, please, yes," she begged as she felt the bony fingers move up to the top of
her pussy and peel back the clit hood, exposing her super-sensitive clit. 
"OOOOOHHHHH," as she felt the hot air blowing on her clit, "AAAAAAAWWWWW," as
the tongue reached out and lapped over the hard and erect bud-like clit, still
swollen from her previous cum.  It felt like he was sucking her clit down his
throat as he sucked it into his mouth, his tongue playing back and forth over it
as her hips bucked under him.

	"Do you like that, Natalie, I think you should lick her tiny little
asshole, would you like that Natalie, tell him to eat your asshole, Natalie?" 
Gonzales watched as she bounced around on the chair, her ass raising up from the
chair, her hands pushing the head deeper into her spread pussy.

	"Raise your ass up higher, so he can get to your asshole and beg him to
eat your asshole, Natalie?"

	Natalie did not care any longer that he was seventy years old, she had
never had anyone eat her pussy like he was doing to her.  His tongue was
everywhere, her pussy lips, deep inside her pussy and pulling and lapping at her
clit.  She had never had anyone eat her asshole before, it was too disgusting
and filthy to do but she did not want him to stop.  She pushed her hips up
higher, her ass raised over six inches from the chair.  This exposed her tiny
asshole to him, the spread of her legs making it unprotected.  "Yes, eat my
asshole, you bastard, stick your big tongue up my asshole," she screamed. 
"AAAAAHHHH."  She felt the hot and wet tongue hit her sensitive asshole and she
jumped, but the tongue followed her body, searching out her tiny asshole,
rimming it.  She moved her hips around in a circle as the tongue rubbed all
around her anus.  Oh, God, it felt so good, she could not believe it could feel
that could.  She felt fingers move to the edge of her asshole on each side and
begin to pull on the tiny hole, feeling herself opening up.  It felt so strange,
her asshole pucker forced open by the fingers, his hot breath only inches from
one of her most intimate holes as all eyes watched her oral ravishment.  The
tongue returned, this time hard and pushed out and began to push into the
asshole opening before him.  The fingers became more urgent, spreading her open
more, the cool air moving inside her asshole, a new feeling overcoming her body.

	"You're asshole is opening so wide for us, we can see deep inside of
you.  Push your asshole down on the tongue, fuck your asshole on his tongue like
a good little slut, Natalie."

	Natalie pushed down on her hips, trying to capture the tongue in her
tiny asshole.  It felt strange, the fingers opening her up and the hot, wet
tongue pushing inside her asshole, her sphincter grabbing it, feeling it crawl
around inside her.  The embarrassment was gone, replaced by the sheer lust of
the situation.  She no longer cared that the tongue belonged to a seventy year
old man, no longer cared that they were watching her body being debased, all she
wanted was that magical tongue further up her asshole. 

	"I think it is time for Natalie slut to cum again.  Stick a finger up
her asshole and start eating her cunt again.  Are you going to cum again for us,
Natalie, cum all over his tongue?"

	"Please, please, make me cum, ooooohhhh."  The tongue moved from her
asshole, licking wetly up her pussy slit until his lips clamped down on her
enlarged clit again.  "OOOWWW," her hips bucking up again as a thick finger
found her wet asshole and slid in deeply in one earth shattering push.  She felt
her sphincter clamping down on the digit, feeling it moving inside her asshole. 
The lips pulled on her clit, pulling it inside his hot mouth, his tongue rasping
over the swollen bud as moved back and forth over it.   She bucked up again, two
fingers finding her soaked pussy and shoving deep inside of her, joining the
finger in her asshole, separated by a tiny expanse of skin.  The fingers moved
in her pussy, spreading wide, while the one in her asshole made a corkscrew
motion, twisting from side to side as it finger-fucked her.

	"Now, Natalie, now we want you to cum for us again, be our little slut
and cum."  Gonzales watched as she was about to explode.

	Natalie was being talked to like a trained dog, made to cum when
ordered, but the talented tongue was not to be denied.  She felt the stirrings
in her groin as the tongue continued its oral ministration of her clit and the
digits in her continued their masturbation of her young body.  "YYYYYEEESSSS,
IIII'MMMMM CCCCCUUUUMMMMIIIINNNGGG," she screamed, her body jerking around,
fucking herself on the fingers in her body, her hands pushing the face between
her thighs deeper into her spread cunt.  "EEEAAATTTT MMMEEE, you bastard,
ssssuuucccckk  mmy pussy juices," her hot and wet pussy soaking the tongue and
fingers in her body as she shook in orgasmic pleasure.  "MMMOORRREE, mmaaakkeee
meee cccuuummm mmmmooorrre," grabbing the head and rubbing it back and forth
over her pussy, wiping her pussy juice all over the face of the seventy year old
pervert between her thighs.

	Natalie slumped in the chair again, her body trashed from the second
time they made her cum.  She looked down and felt sorry for the old man between
her legs.  His face was glistening with her pussy juice, but he had a smile from
ear to ear.  He had made this young girl cum with his tongue.

	"Very good, Natalie, rest for a moment.  Then we are going to play
again, I think you have another few cums left in you.  I have so many more
things to do to that delicious body."  Gonzales watched, as her body lay slumped
in the chair, her legs still high up on the stirrups, her asshole and pussy now
turning red and swollen from the sex.  Her pussy juice began to run down her
thighs.

	Natalie did not care how she looked.  Her body was almost exhausted
after cumming twice.  She slumped in the chair, the eyes still staring at her
spread pussy, legs wide and so open to their gaze.  It seemed like only seconds
when she heard Gonzales voice again, this time coming from between her legs. 
She looked down and he was again between her thighs, this time with a pile of
gleaming instruments sitting near by.  "What are you going to do with those?" 
She knew deep down that she could not stop whatever he had planned for her body.

	"Why Natalie, we are going to make you cum again?"  Gonzales' hands
pushed out on her thighs again, opening her up again.  He pushed her up in the
chair, forcing her legs back, her pussy lips to spread open even more.  He
reached down with one hand and began to pull apart her pussy lips even further,
opening up her vagina.  With his other hand he grabbed a gleaming speculum, it
already greased up in preparation for slipping up her pussy.  "We just want to
see inside you first, these gentlemen would like to look inside your young
pussy, they want to see deep inside you.  Now, this is going to be a little
cold, his hand parting her vagina with the speculum, watching as she cringed as
the cold instrument touched her heated pussy.

	"That's cold," she screamed as she felt the cold, sterile, metal
instrument begin to slide into her hot pussy.  She bowed her legs out, easing
the path into her spread pussy, her vagina clamping onto the speculum as it
began to push into her.  She hated when her Doctor did this to her, it was even
worse with strangers probing her intimate body, opening her up to their gaze.

	"A little further, yes, that's a good girl," the speculum slowly
entering her, pushing her flesh aside as it pushed into her vagina.  Gonzales
continued the pressure on it watching as her pussy already accepted half of it,
the rest slowly spreading her open as it continued to enter her body.  "That's
good, just a little bit more, then we will open you up Natalie."  He pushed in
harder, her vagina swallowed up the speculum, the cum from her previous orgasm's
gliding the instrument inside her.

	Natalie could feel her pussy accepting the speculum, filling her vagina
with the metal.  She arched her ass up, trying to get her body in a more
comfortable position.  "No, don't make it bigger," tears beginning to run down
her face as she felt her pussy beginning to stretch wide as Gonzales fingers
began to open the speculum, her pussy forced to open by sheer force.  It felt
terrible, the pressure building as her pussy walls were forced wider and wider
by the cruel instrument, her pussy gripping it tightly.  "Big enough, don't make
it bigger."  But Gonzales ignored her plea, turning the speculum wider, the
sides expanding, pushing relentlessly against her tender pussy walls, forcing
them wider.  It felt bigger then any cock that had fucked her.  And harder.  It
was unyielding in her vagina. 

	"Just a little more, Natalie, you can take it, make believe it's a
really big cock shoved in your pussy, yes, there you go, your pussy can stretch
open a little wider now."  They all looked down a Natalie, the speculum opening
her vagina, now just a large hole spread open by the metal.   Gonzales shined a
light inside her and all gazed to see the pink insides of the young pussy.

	Natalie shook her head in shame, tears falling down her cheeks, spread
open, her insides now illuminated with the flashlight like a cheap whore.  She
cringed as she saw Gonzales pick up another speculum and she knew where it was
going.  He was going to open up her asshole now.  When would this humiliation
end?  She arched her ass up as she felt the greased speculum touch her tiny
asshole, still wet from the tongue fucking it had received.  "No, not there, no
in my asshole."

	"You have such a tiny asshole, we are going to have to open it up.  I
enjoy a woman's asshole and I am going to enjoy fucking your asshole with my
cock before you leave."  Gonzales tapped his finger on the speculum in her
pussy, shooting pain into her groin.  While she was worrying about that, he
began to push the speculum in her asshole, watching as her anus was forced to
spread, gripping the speculum tightly as it was slowly and forcefully pushed
into her asshole.  "That's it Natalie, take it in, let it enter your asshole. 
Push back on it, let your asshole relax."

	Relax, how could she let her asshole relax when it was being stretched
open by a piece of metal.  "Not so hard, please, go slowly," resigned to the
fact that her tiny asshole was going to be opened up for their pleasure, forced
to stretch open and receive the metal speculum.  She arched up her back,
allowing them greater access to her tiny asshole, feeling increased pressure in
her backside as the instrument slowly slid into her asshole, increasing in size
as it forced itself through her sphincter.  Her asshole naturally tightened on
the metal, trying to force it out, increasing the pain as it lost the battle. 
"Not soooo deep," her breathing deepening as the speculum pushed deeper into her
rectum, her elastic walls of her anal tract expanding painfully to accept it.

	Gonzales had almost all of it forced into her asshole, her anus gripping
the speculum tightly.  He had to push on the end to keep it snug inside her, her
sphincter struggling to expel the foreign object in her.  "Yes, that is a good
girl, Natalie, now I will open you up a little, relax your asshole, it will go
much easier."  His fingers played over the speculum watching her asshole dance
on the end of it, her anus tightly gripping the metal, spread around it like a
rubber band.  He gave it a little push, pleased with her grunt in pain as it
bore into her like a spike.  His fingers began to open the speculum, her anus
slowly spreading wider, the skin now taunt over it.  "Yes, more, Natalie, open
more," another turn and he though he felt the skin tear as she jerked up, the
pain shooting up her spine.  Her anus was now open over two inches, her asshole
now a gaping hole in her body.  "Do you like being so exposed, Natalie, your
asshole and pussy now spread open so wide we can see deep inside of you."  The
flashlight returned, this time to her asshole as all eyes peered intimately into
her body, places where no one should be allowed to look.

	Natalie's head hung in humiliation, naked and spread open, her insides
open for inspection.  She cringed when she heard the next command thinking that
things could not get any worse.

	"I want you to suck their cocks, Natalie, these nice gentlemen have hard
cocks and would love to have a sweet young mouth suck the cum out of their cocks
and swallow it.  While you are doing that, I will make you cum again.  Now open
your mouth like a good little girl and start sucking cock."

	Natalie turned her head toward one of the men in disgust as a naked cock
was presented to her face.  She let her lips fall open as the cock began to
slowly push inside her mouth.  It almost felt limp in her mouth, not the usual
hard cock they had forced her to suck before.  She did not know if she could
even make it cum.  She began to run her tongue over it, feeling it stir a little
in the hot confines of her mouth.  It felt strange, soft and pliable, but still
with the unmistakable taste of cum on it.  It was a little bit bitterer then
before.  Very unpleasant.

	She felt something enter her pussy, pushing inside the speculum.  She
did not like it and she could not turn her head, fingers gripping the side of
her head and pumping her lips up and down on the ever-expanding cock in her
mouth.  She felt something touch the insides of her pussy, something cold and
round.  "MMMMMMMMGGGGG," her body jumping up in unexpected pain as a sharp bolt
of electricity shot through her pussy, shooting up her spine.  "AAAAGGGHHHH,"
were the only muffled noises she could produce, the hands expecting her reaction
and tightening the grip on her head, face fucking her harder.

	"I knew you would like that, how do you like the feel of electricity
tickling inside your body.  Get ready, here it comes again," Gonzales finger
hitting the trigger of the violent wand at he moved it around inside her pussy. 
He saw her body jerk up in pain, her face being ruthlessly fucked.

	Natalie could not believe the pain she felt.  The electricity pulsating
inside her vagina was causing her vagina to clamp down, but the speculum kept
her spread open, causing pain that shot through her body.  It felt like she was
being electrocuted, not from the outside, but from the inside.  In addition, she
was being face fucked, the stomach slapped repeatedly against her lips as this
cock in her mouth fucked in and out of her lips.  "AAAAGGHH," she screamed in
pain as another jolt hit her pussy, sending it into spasms of pain.  Just then
she began to cough and sputter as a load of cum was emptied in her mouth, some
of it shooting down to the back of her throat.  She felt the limp cock sitting
in her mouth, her tongue moving over it, expected to clean the cum from it.  It
pulled out of her mouth, leaving a trail of saliva and cum on her lips.  "No
more, please take that out of my pussy, it hurts so much."  Before she could say
more, another cock was forced in her mouth, this one also soft and almost limp. 
She did not have time to spit out the cum in her mouth and was forced to swallow
the bitter, pasty tasting liquid gathered in the back of her mouth.

	"That's OK, I will take it out of your pussy, but how would you like it
here," the wand pushing up into her asshole until it was buried deep inside her. 
He kept his finger on the trigger, feeling her body tense up, waiting for the
pain to explode in her bowels.  He watched as she sucked the new cock, hoping to
get it over with, her cheeks bulging outward with each thrust of the cock in her
mouth, her head held tightly again, face fucked.  He looked in her eyes and sees
the fright in them, knowing that soon he would jolt her body again. 

	Natalie's asshole hurt, forced to tighten on the speculum spreading her
wide in anticipation of the shock she would receive.  The cock continued to fuck
her face when all of a sudden it felt like a bolt of lightening had hit her
body.  Her asshole gripped and ungripped the speculum, her anus dancing around
the end, the spasm of her asshole as the electricity tore through her bowels. 
"GGGGGHHHHHHRRR," her muffled sounds of pain as her body jerked about on the
chair, the most unspeakable things being done to her body.  She felt the cock in
her mouth begin to spurt its fowl tasting fluids into her oral cavity as another
jolt of electricity shot through her colon, her insides flip-flopping in pain,
her stomach cramping.  "OOOOWWWW, CCCCOOOFFFFF," choking on the cum filling her
mouth again, forced to suck the cock of a seventy year old man while they shot
electricity up her asshole.

	The cock was pulled from her mouth again, only seconds before the last
was one placed on her lips, her tongue reaching out for it, rubbing over the
limp cock.  At least them came quickly.  But the cum was so foul tasting,
filling her mouth with the bad tasting fluid, pasty and unable to swallow it
all.  She felt the wand pulled from her asshole, the relief coming over her body
as she sucked the cock for all she was worth, anything to get this over with. 

	"Now it's time for you to cum for us, Natalie, I have a special little
attachment for you.  It's a small metal ball, very rough.  It will shoot out
electricity as it rubs over your clit and the rest of your body.  When I rub it
around your vagina or asshole, it will force your body to tighten up, but that
will not be possible with the speculums holding you spread open.  It will only
increase the pain.  I think you will cum for us, Natalie, like a good little
slut.  Now suck and cum."

	Natalie's body shuddered as the electricity began to run out over her
asshole, spread wide over the speculum.  He was right, her asshole tried to
close, but the speculum forced her open, increasing the pain.  The same thing
happened when it moved to her vagina, forcing her body into spasms as it reacted
to the electricity.  She felt it move up to her clit, her clit hood already
pulled back from her spread position, unprotected as the tiny ball rasped
harshly over it, tiny sparks of electricity jumping out of it onto her tender
clit.  Oh god, it hurt so much, her clit forced to take the rough ball rubbing
over it but especially the sharp pain of the electricity running over it.  Her
mouth sucked as hard as she could, pulling the cock further into her mouth.  Her
hips bucked up and down, her body going into overload, as she was stimulated
beyond the limits of her young flesh. 

	"That's it Natalie, I want you to cum, I know you can do it, I will stop
if you cum," his fingers rubbing, hitting the trigger, then returning to rub her
clit again.  He saw the sweat rolling down her body, the electricity having a
better conductor, her pussy pushing upward, rubbing on the wand as she fucked
herself. 

	Natalie knew she must cum to stop this torture.  She fucked the wand,
seeking out the source of her pain, hoping to make herself cum.  It was the only
way to end the pain.  She moved her hips side to side, the electricity less
painful, almost turning pleasurable as the ball moved over her clit, stimulating
it until it was almost twice it's size.  "AAAAGGGGHH," she cried out in ecstasy,
her hips bumping up against the wand as her orgasm hit her young body again. 
She felt the cock in her mouth spurt out another load of cum, not even the foul
tasting cum could stop the orgasm she was feeling.  She felt Gonzales fingers
rubbing hard on her clit as they wand found her asshole again, buried deep, the
pain of the electricity shooting through her bowels again.  "GGGGGGGRRRRRR," her
body shuddering, cum running down from her pussy, the cock pulled from her
mouth, cum dripping down the corner of her lips as she received another jarring
jolt of electricity in her colon.  Her body slumped in the chair, exhausted,
cumming dripping from her orifices.  She arched up as she felt the speculums
pulled from her body, each one coming out with a loud pop.

	"Thank you gentlemen for assisting me, I am glad you enjoyed our little
whore, Natalie," Gonzales watching as they left the room.  "I will give you some
time to clean up then it will be time for you to entertain me.  My cock is very
hard and I have a nine-inch dildo for your pussy while I fuck your asshole.  I
am going to enjoy that very much.

To Be Continued




Author: Powerone
Title: Airport Search
Part: Chapter 5
Summary: Natalie is searched at an airport in Cuba.  She is humiliated by the
guards and masturbated until she cums.  Her body is abused and again forced to
cum from the pain and the pleasure.  In Chapter 5, the General visits the
prison.  He lusts after his young, nubile daughter but to keep his desires in
check, he takes his perverted lust out on poor Natalie.
Keywords: M+f, nc, anal, reluc, humiliation, toys, spanking

Copyright 2003 by Powerone.  You may contact the author at
controlher@hotmail.com.

Airport Search
Chapter 5  A Visit from the General


	General Sanchez entered the prison for his monthly rounds.  He did not
care so much about what went on in the prison.  His desire was to satisfy his
perverted lust for some new, young beauty.  He had heard about Natalie and he
thought it time to that he paid a visit to her.  He rubbed the front of his
pants, his cock already hard in anticipation of the things he was going to do to
her.

	General Sanchez was about 60 years old, overweight, a paunch now
replacing his former tight abs.  His hair was receding, his cock was not as hard
as it used to be, but he still loved to fuck.  The seniorita's did not flock to
him as they used to so it was either the local whorehouse or a prisoner to
quench his lust.

	The door swung open with a thud, Captain Gonzales looking up from his
work at whomever would be insolent enough to enter his office unannounced.  It
was his boss, General Sanchez.  He was not expecting him and his visits were
usually an annoyance.  He did not care about how the prison was run, he just
wanted to have sex with one of his prisoners.  "Good to see you Sir," his
condescending voice ringing out in the room.  "Anything I can do to make your
stay more enjoyable, just say so."  The old fool, he thought.  What a pain in
the ass.

	"I will be inspecting the prison while I am here to make sure everything
is up to standards.  We wouldn't want to be mistreating the prisoners," he
laughed.  "You might bring  one of the prisoners to my room," he stated as he
left the room, his back to the Captain.  "I hear that Natalie is a very
delectable creature.  Yes, bring her to me," as he closed the door behind him.

	"Bastard," he cursed at him.  I wanted her myself today.  I hope he
doesn't do much damage to her.  "Damn," he'll probably fuck her asshole.  Now it
wouldn't be so tight.  "Guard, get Natalie and bring her to General Sanchez's
room.  Make sure she is dressed and cuff her arms behind her back.  Put her in
the enjoining cell to his room.  You know how he likes to play Prison Warden." 
He went back to work, cursing the Generals interruption.

	The guard brought Natalie a fresh change of clothes.  He stood watching
her as she put them, glaring at her suggestively, as she had to slowly uncover
her body. He had brought her a short, plaid skirt, a pair of red panties, a
tight red cashmere sweater and a matching red bra.  A pair of black high heels
highlighted the short skirt and her long legs.  "Where are we going?"

	"General Sanchez is visiting the prison for a short time.  He is Captain
Gonzales boss.  He has requested you.  You will be taken to a cell next to his
office.  I would suggest that you do whatever the General wants.  The last time
a girl disobeyed him, she was publicly flogged, naked and spread.  Then her
sentence was increased five years.  He is not a person that takes no easily. 
Now hurry, we do not want to make him wait," waving his hands for her to hurry.

	Natalie knew from the outfit that was provided that the General had an
interest in her sexually and she was sure that she would have to let him fuck
her.  She had to get out of her and get home, no matter what was required of
her.  She was humiliated at how she had responded to what they had done to her. 
Each time they had stripped her naked, they had forced her to cum for them.  No
matter what they did, no matter how painful, she always came.  She could not
help herself, she had always thought about being forced to do things she would
normally not do but that was only masturbatory fantasy.  It was not suppose to
be something that would really happen.  Now here she was, dressed like a
schoolgirl.  To be brought to the General for his sexual plaything and she could
only feel the excitement!

	"Before we go, raise your skirt above your waist," the guard ordered
her.  He was young and strong and she felt the excitement as she slowly revealed
the red panties to his gaze.  His fingers reached down to run over her
panty-covered stomach until he felt her bush.  His increased the pressure on his
fingers and he felt the panties slip inside of her pussy lips, the moisture of
her pussy instantly wetting the fragile material.  He felt her slip her legs
open wider, allowing his access to her near naked sex.  "Just as I thought, you
are already wet.  Such a slut!  Too bad you will be wasted on the General. 
You're going to have to take a shriveled cock inside you when you really want a
hard, young cock.  Don't worry little girl, I will take care of you when you
return to this cell.  I will have a nice hard cock ready to plunge between those
legs," he laughed as he pulled her from the cell.  His fingers moved to his
nose, "such a sweet smell, fresh pussy," laughing as they walked down the hall,
her heels clicking nervously.

	He pushed her into the cell, a duel cell.  The first one had a bed,
plush by the prison standards.  It had large, upright wooden posts in all four
corners, the headboard consisting of parallel wooden posts, as did the
footboard.  Leather straps hung from the corner and a fear ran down her spine as
she saw them.  They were well worn, having dug a path into the wood posts.  The
bed was wide with a firm mattress, unlike the small, hard little bed in her
other cell.  In the other cell, a large, massive cell door connecting them, sat
an imposing wooden desk, very ornate and carved.  It also had large wooden legs
supporting the desktop.  In and about the room were various other wooden
structures and Natalie surmised them to be for securing female prisoners into
bondage allowing open access to their most intimate parts of their bodies.  A
large cabinet, the door partly open revealed various sexual toys, bondage
garments and whips.  Her fear level increased, but at the same time she could
feel her pussy quiver in anticipation.  She sat down on the edge of the bed, her
short skirt riding up high on her thighs as she did.  Her red panties peaked out
from beneath.  She inhaled, smelling the sweet smell of her pussy that the guard
had alluded to.  Maybe she was just a slut, wanting to be abused by all men,
taken for their pleasure only. 

	She turned when she heard the noise of large boots coming down the
hallway.  The outer door of the adjoining cell opened and in walked in the
imposing figure of the General.  Her heart dropped when she saw him, not what
she had expected, but what she should have expected when the guard mentioned
being fucked by a shriveled cock.  He was as old as her father and already
getting fat.  Not the type of individual she had masturbated about, not like the
young guard or at least as virile as the Captain.  This would be like being
fucked by her father, a thought that never entered her mind.  She watched as he
sat at the desk, not even venturing a look over at her as he did.  He was
carrying a riding crop, a thick leather, hard strap that he constantly tapped
against various objects eliciting loud smacks as he did.

	The General breathed in, able to smell the scent of Natalie.  His cock
hardened at the smell, fresh, young pussy.  He had a daughter a little younger
then Natalie, a tight, well-built little girl.  He often fantasized about her
but was able to keep his desires in check by taking out his deepest and most
perverted desires on young prison girls that made the mistake of being very
attractive in a foreign country.  Captain Sanchez and his men had the ability to
be able to pick out the most likely candidates, girls travelling alone,
vulnerable and subject to a very authoritative figure.  The General was never
without a girl to play with. 

	He pulled his chair back from the large, ornate desk and walked to the
door connecting his cell with Natalie's.  The door creaked open with an eerie
and ominous groan.  He watched her as she looked towards him.  She was as
beautiful as they had said.  She was a little older then he liked, but the
schoolgirl outfit they had provided her gave her the innocence that he loved. 
The red cashmere sweater clung to her breasts like a second set of skin and he
could see her nipples poking through the bra, large and pointed.  Her legs were
long and the short skirt made them look even longer.  He would inspect her first
in his office and then would engage in a little bondage with her on the bed.  He
loved to see them naked, bound tightly, the ropes pressing deeply into their
flesh as they squirmed on the bed.  He would often use a whip or his riding crop
to inspire them to even greater movement.  Then it would be time for him to try
out her various orifices, dumping a load of cum in as many as he could. 
	
	"Step in her, Natalie, isn't it?"  His voice was very commanding, the
whip slapping on the metal bars for effect.
	
	Natalie stood up, her arms still cuffed tightly behind her back with the
metal cuffs and walked towards the General.  "Yeeees, Sir," she stuttered in
fear as she passed by him into the other cell that served as his office.
	
	He watched the way her ass swung seductively as she passed by him, the
short skirt clinging to her buttocks.  The General was an ass man, loving to
fuck them in a place that they least expected it.  He found the excitement in
forcing them to take his cock up their backside, hearing their groans of pain as
his cock painfully opened their asshole.  The grunts and moans when he would
fuck them, making them feel every inch of his cock, would make his cock cum
quickly.  He could often get hard again, the thought of the tight asshole
clinging to his cock inspiring him to greater perversion.
	
	She could feel his eyes burning through her body as she walked in front
of him towards the desk.  She heard him behind her, not turning, fearing what
she would see in his eyes.
	
	"I don't think we need those cuffs, Natalie," his hands rummaging around
behind her, her body shivering in fear as his hands would "accidentally" run
over her ass cheeks.  At least she would not be bound.
	
	He pulled them from her and went to the cabinet, placing them inside. 
He returned to stand behind her again, a new device in his hand.  This was a
wide leather strap the fit snuggly around her neck.  She gulped as he tightened
it.  Two leather wristbands followed, each with a metal clasp attached to the
side.  He pulled each wrist up to the neck collar and snapped them in place, her
wrists now snuggly up against her neck, her elbows thrust out forward.  This
also had the purpose of pushing her breasts up and out, now completely
unprotected.
	
	Natalie felt the General slip closer behind her now, the smell of cheap
cigars on his breath. While he might be old, his cock was not shriveled.  It
pulsated against her ass cheeks as it touched her.
	
	"You are a lovely girl, Natalie.  I am going to do many things to that
delightful body of yours.  And you are going to let me.  Some of them will be
painful, but I think you will be surprised at how much your body will enjoy it. 
Pain, when sexual, is very stimulating.  There is a fine line between pleasure
and pain and I am going to show you it."  His hands moved to her waist and
pushed her towards a full-length mirror next to his desk. 
	
	Natalie looked at her reflection and blushed in shame.  She was perched
upon a pair of high heels, a short skirt showing off a large expanse of naked
leg.  Her breasts were bound tightly by the cashmere sweater, her breasts arched
up high, her nipples, hard and erect pushing out the brightly covered fabric. 
Her elbow were thrust out in front of her, her wrists bound tightly to her
leather enclosed neck.  She looked ten years younger than her age and so
vulnerable, bound before the mirror, on display, the General grinning behind
her.  She watched, almost as in slow motion, the Generals hands moving down to
her waist.  She jumped as they touched her hips, his palms molding over her
flared hips.
	
	The General moved in closer, his cock pushed up against her ass,
twitching in his shorts as it touched her tight ass.  He held her hips tightly,
not letting her escape from his cock.  Another twitch, his cock jumping in
anticipation of her.  He moved her hips, side to side, watching her in the
mirror as her ass seductively slides over his encased cock.  "Yes, like that
Natalie," arching his ass up, wanting to drill his cock into her asshole, not
sure if he could wait much longer.  "Keep moving like that," his hands moving up
from her hips towards her breasts.  He loved the tactile feel of young, firm
breasts encased in cashmere.  That is what drove him crazy about his daughter. 
His desire to reach out and touch them.  Tonight he would have it, but with
Natalie instead. 
	
	Natalie let her hips move over his hard cock, her pussy wet at her
treatment.  She was being used again for the gratification of a man, an older
man this time.  She stood still as his hands moved towards her upthrust breasts
and she did not have to wait long before the large hands totally engulfed her
youthful breast flesh.  She heard him groan as push his cock harder into her ass
as he squeezed her flesh tightly, his hands sliding over the cashmere material.
	
	"Such beautiful tits, Natalie," his hands sliding over the soft
material, his fingers clenching and unclenching on her breasts.  His fingers
sought out her nipples and did not have to travel far.  They stood out
predominantly, straining the tight sweater. 
	
	"Owww, not so hard," his fingers grabbing her large nipples and pinching
them tightly.  As he did, her ass pushed back in response, banging hard against
his cock.
	
	He pinched them again, "fuck back on my cock, Natalie, fuck back," he
ordered her.  He felt her body tremble in pain as his fingers abused her
nipples.  He couldn't wait until he had her naked and could abuse her naked
nipples.  She fucked back in response to the pain, her hips still swinging side
to side, still masturbating his hard cock with her young ass.  "Such a good
girl, Natalie," his fingers loving the feeling of her cashmere encased breasts
beneath them.  He could not get enough of them, moving between her cleavage,
then back to her nipples to force another jerk of her hips onto his cock.  He
pulled her nipples up, forcing her breasts to pull up and out, his fingers
tightening as he pulled them from her body.  "Yes, such big nipples, Natalie, so
big.  They will make excellent targets for me to abuse.  I bet you never felt
the sting of a whip on your nipples before," his fingers twisting her nipples
side to side, her hips dancing about in pain.
	
	It felt like he was trying to tear her nipples from her breasts.  She
watched him in the mirror as his fingers abused her nipples painfully.  She
rubbed against his hard cock.  If she could make him cum in his shorts, maybe he
would leave her breasts alone, she thought.
	
	"I know what you are trying to do Natalie.  But I am not ready to cum
yet.  I want to cum inside your tight holes, all of them."  He reached down,
releasing her breasts from his tight grip and moved his hands down her sweater
and over her abdomen.  He gripped her skirt with his hands and slowly let it
inch up her legs.  "Spread your legs for me, Natalie, be a good girl and let me
at that sweet pussy," he ordered her.  His fingers tightened onto her stomach,
"spread little girl, I'm not going to tell you again!"  He watched in
satisfaction as her legs timidly moved wider apart, his hands pulling her skirt
up higher again.  "Good girl, wider, spread them wider," pleased as he saw her
reflection in the mirror.  Her red panties appeared as her skirt slid up her
legs.  Higher and higher he pulled it up until it was bunched at her waist. 
	
	"I gave you panties that are one size too small.  See how they bunch
between your pussy lips," watching her eyes as she gazed into the mirror of her
reflection.  "I can see that they are already wet."  One hand ran down to her
bush and fingers pressed between her pussy lips, feeling the pussy juice soaked
panties.  He pushed her lips apart farther, allowing the panties to push deeper
in between.  "Such a beautiful pussy you have, Natalie."  He brought his fingers
up to her nose, "see how nice you smell?"  He moved the wet fingers to her lips
and ran them over her bottom lip.  "Open your mouth and suck my finger into it,"
he ordered her.
	
	Natalie inhaled the smell of her sex.  She allowed his fingers to play
over her lips.  She opened her mouth and allowed his fingers to enter, moving
quickly to trap them tightly with her lips.  The fingers began to stroke in and
out of her mouth, just like a cock as she ran her tongue over it.  She could
taste the salty flavor of her pussy juice.  The finger pushed farther into her
mouth, hitting the back, making her gag as it pushed against her throat.  The
leather collar on her neck prevented her from turning her head away, forced to
allow his fingers access to her throat.  "GGGAGG," the finger again attempting
to enter her throat.
	
	"Soon it will be my cock doing that.  You'd like that wouldn't you
Natalie, like having my cock forced down your throat?  Unable to stop me from
dumping a load of my hot cum into the confines of your mouth."
	
	"Time to shed some of those clothes, I think you would look very sexy
just in the red panties and bra and those nice high heels."  He grabbed the
small knife nearby and set about shredding her cashmere sweater.  It tore
easily, falling to the floor in seconds.  He unhooked her skirt in the back,
pulled the zipper down and gravity dropped it to the floor, puddling at her
feet.  "Such a great, young body, Natalie," his hands returning to her bra
encased breasts.
	
	She saw her image in the mirror, clad only in matching red bra and
panties, the panties clinging to every curve and nook of her body.  The panties
were pushed between her pussy lips, already soaked in her juices.  She could
feel the panties bunching between the cheeks of her ass, pushed tightly against
her asshole.  She waited as the Generals clammy, big hands moved back to her
breasts, again squeezing them tightly, a groan from his lips and he pushed with
his cock reveling the pleasure of playing with the tits of a young girl.  She
felt her tits being pushed up, almost escaping the bra as the General kneaded
the firm young tits.
	
	"Keep fucking side to side, Natalie," he ordered her, his fingers
running over the naked breast meat slipping out the top of her bra.  Her breasts
were so magnificent, so firm.  He always loved a nice set of tits and could not
wait until he stripped her bare of her bra.  Eager to plunder the treasure, his
knife made quick work of the straps of the bra, slicing through them like
butter.  He unsnapped the back, holding the bra in place as her breast tried to
break free of their restraints.  "And now for the unveiling, Natalie, your naked
breasts, all for me," his cock twitching against her ass cheeks.
	
	Natalie watched as the General's hands slowly allowed her bra to slip
down, first the top of her breasts revealed in the mirror.  Then more and more
of her breast revealed until finally the tops of her dark brown areolas appeared
in her reflection.  She shuddered as she was slowly stripped of her clothes, her
body quivering in excitement of the forced stripping, unable to stop the
humiliation of the General from baring her young body.  She felt the cool air of
the cell hit her nipples and they instantly popped into hardness, the pink tips
standing out like hard erasers.  The bra fell to the floor and her firm tits
stood out proudly, not needing the bra to support them, the hard tips almost
pointed.  "MMMM," she shuddered as the cold hands of the General returned to her
warm breasts, the clamminess of his hands engulfing the flesh as he sought out
his prize.
	
	"AAAAhhhh, such lovely tits, Natalie," his hands clenching on the firm
flesh, squeezing them until they turned red, unclenching and clenching on them
again in lust.  His other hand reached down to clutch her crotch tightly with
the palm of his hand, forcing her ass back onto his cock.  "Yes, fuck back on
me, Natalie, AAAAhhhh, yes, like that," trying to drill his cock into her ass. 
His fingers danced over her naked flesh, pinching and pulling on her enlarged
nipples, hearing her groans of pain and pleasure as he tweaked the tips into
further hardness.  "Look how hard your nipples are," pinching one tightly
between his fingers, twisting and turning it, lusting as he saw her reflection
grimacing in pain as he mauled her flesh.  "YYYYEESSS, soooo nice," moving to
the other, inflicting the same brutal treatment on her delicate nipple as she
continued to rub sensuously against his hardened cock.
	
	"TTTHhhat, hurts," she cried, unable to stop the General from abusing
her nipples, the pain shooting out from the delicate tissue.  She shook her ass
back and forth, more in pain, but pleasing the General as she inadvertently
rubbed his cock into further erectness.  "NNNot so hard, please," she begged,
but her bondage thrust her breasts out, unable to stop the General from his
desires.  She felt his large hand fan out over her pussy, one finger slipping
between her wet pussy lips, pushing her back against the rubbing cock on her ass
cheeks.  His finger manipulation of her pussy continued, stroking up and down
her slit as his fingers bit into her nipples.  She could see them turning red,
his fingernails running harshly over them, tiny goose bumps appearing on her
areolas as a jagged fingernail scratched the tender surface.  "Plllleaasse, not
so hard," she begged, but the General continued, his lust for her firm breasts
overcoming his emotions.
	
	"Time to see that pussy, let's move over to my desk," pulling her over,
moving the mirror so that she could still see her debasement by the General. 
"Stand up straight, that's a good girl, legs spread a little farther apart, not
too much, I need to get those pretty, red panties down first.  Then we'll open
you up real wide.  You'd like that, wouldn't you, to spread your legs and open
your pussy for me?"
	
	Her reflection shot back at her from the mirror, the General shriveled
hands moving down to her panties as she stood half naked before him, her breasts
heaving, her panties pulled tightly between her pussy lips, soaked in her own
juices.  He would now be placing his hands and fingers into her most intimate
places, places that only a lover should be allowed.  Not a sixty year old man
that had so much power over her to force her to submit to the degradation he was
inflicting on her body.
	
	"Watch in the mirror," he ordered her as his hands slid down on her firm
ass cheeks as he sat in the chair next to her.  They grabbed the flesh, savoring
the feel of the tight muscles, feeling her flexing her asscheeks, hoping to
prevent him from her most secrets, her tiny asshole snuggled deep inside her
clenched cheeks.  "You can fight me, but I will win," laughing as he ran his
hands over her panty covered ass, delighting in the young flesh at his disposal. 
One hand moved to her front, again gripping her pussy with his whole hand,
making her pussy lips part to allow one finger to snuggle in tightly inside.  He
could feel the heat from her body, his finger soaked from her juices as it
slowly rubbed up and down her pussy.
	
	She pushed back, away from the hand gripping her pussy like it was a
bowling bowl.  This pushed her ass into his other hand, having the desired
effect he wanted.  She felt her cheeks unclench momentarily, long enough for one
of his fingers to snuggle inside her cheeks, the fingertip pressed hard against
her asshole.
	
	He could feel her pulse from her asshole, feeling the tiny opening
pulsating as his finger pushed up against it.  He began to rotate it around the
opening, her panties rubbing the opening sensuously, her ass moving, hoping to
eject the foreign finger as her intimate opening.  "Such a nice ass, Natalie,
and I can feel the heat from your asshole.  You will soon feel what it is like
for it to be entered and fingered.  I can tell it is going to be a snug fit, but
you will have to take something bigger then my finger in your asshole.  I am
going to sodomize you.  You are going to have to take my cock up your backside
and milk it until it fills your asshole with my hot cum."  He began to lower her
panties, peeling the red garment down her backside, sliding it over her hillocks
until it fell under the swell of her asscheeks.  He did not push them off her,
opting instead to leave her standing there, her panties pushed under her
asscheeks, a humiliating experience for a young girl.  It was always better to
leave them partially clothed, it made them feel so much more vulnerable.  His
hand moved out, the excitement of her naked ass making his cock jump in his
pants.
	
	She looked so naked, half dressed, her panties pulled partially down
exposing her ass like she was a little girl waiting to be spanked for being
naughty.  She cringed when his hand touched her ass, his other hand still
snuggled between her pussy lips holding her in place.  The callused hand moved
slowly over her girl flesh, fondling her like a lover would do.  It would stop,
grab a bunch of ass cheek tightly, squeeze and then move on, running back and
forth over both cheeks.  She shivered when she felt a finger move up and down
her ass crack, not seeking entrance, just playing with her, making her clench
her ass cheeks tightly.
	
	"I love it when you tighten up for me.  Are you going to do that when I
fuck you?  Tighten on my cock when it is your pussy or asshole?"  He laughed. 
His other hand that was between her pussy lips slipped behind her again, running
down her ass crack until he reached her pussy from behind.  He pushed her
panties out of the way and his fingers grabbed a piece of pussy lip.  He
squeezed it hard, making her jump in pain.
	
	"OOOOWWW, that hurt," she cried out as her delicate pussy lips were
cruelly pinched between his big fingers.  This gave the General the chance he
wanted, her ass cheeks unclenched and his finger slid between them and pushed up
against her asshole.  He could feel it pulsating beneath his finger, like a tiny
heart, throbbing in unison. 
	
	"Don't try to deny me again, Natalie.  Or next time I will take the whip
to your pussy."  He pushed on her asshole, feeling her clenching it tightly
trying to prevent entrance.  He paused, letting her feel the power he had over
her, wanting her to wait until he desired to impale her asshole with his fat
finger.  Long seconds passed, his finger not moving, just a relentless pressure
on her asshole as she fought its impalement.  Very slowly, he pushed harder,
feeling her sphincter fighting to keep his digit out.  He continued the
pressure, Natalie moving higher up onto her toes as he began to win, standing
higher the only alternative to his finger entering her asshole.  He watched her
in the mirror, stretched high on her tiptoes, her lips clenched tightly, her ass
cheeks gripping his embedded finger tightly.  "Look in the mirror, Natalie, such
a lovely thing, fighting a losing battle."  He laughed again.
	
	Natalie clenched her teeth, fighting with all her might the finger that
was poised at her asshole, threatening to impale her in a hole that was not
meant for it.  She bore down but it was a losing battle.  Her sphincter finally
relented to the constant pressure and the tip of his finger entered her rectum. 
"AAAAAGGGHH, please take it out, OOOOWW, it hurts," she cried out as the finger
continued to push farther into her rectum, her sphincter clenching and
unclenching on the digit, but unable to prevent its continuing forward movement. 
	
	"Such a hot, tight place, Natalie, I can feel your heat.  How does it
feel to have my finger up your asshole," moving it around, making her feel his
power over her own body.  He twisted it hard, hearing her gasp in pain as it dug
into the tender passage.  "Higher, Natalie, can you stand up on your toes any
higher," shoving his finger farther up her asshole, watching her reflection in
the mirror as she rose up to escape the cruel impalement of her asshole.
	
	"Please, no, don't, it hurts," she cried out, her sphincter no longer
fighting to keep it out, "ooowww," the finger scraping her tender back passage,
"nnnooo, don't, I don't like that."
	
	"Natalie, I want you to let your feet settle back down to the floor, you
can't stand on your toes forever, and my finger is not leaving your tight
asshole.  So lower your feet and let your asshole swallow my finger deeper."  He
watched her as she slowly relented to his command.
	
	Tears fell from her eyes, knowing that he was right.  Her toes already
ached and she knew that he would not relent.  She felt the finger inside her,
poised, waiting for her self-impalement.  "OOOOwwww," she moaned as she let her
feet begin to settle back down.  She tried to relax her asshole, pushing out on
her sphincter like she was having a bowel movement.  She felt her asshole slowly
engulf the finger deeper inside her rectum.  It felt so strange, having
something push in, not out.  It felt so big, she feared his cock when he would
sodomize her.  She knew that it would be painful.  She rotated her ass onto the
finger, it moving deeper inside her.  She felt it up to the first digit now, yet
her feet still did not touch the floor yet.  Her asshole had to stretch open
wider to pass the thick joint, the pain radiating from her asshole.  "NNNOoo,
please take it out, it's too big," she begged.
	
	The General smiled as he watched her fuck her asshole onto his finger. 
The things he would make her do.  Things that were unheard of only a few days
ago.  He pushed up on his finger, making her take more of it before her feet hit
the ground.  He felt her sphincter grabbing onto his finger, almost squeezing
the blood from the digit.  He couldn't wait to plow his cock up her asshole.  He
would love the screaming she would do as it tore her asshole.  Gradually her
asshole spread wide, allowing his finger access to her back passage until her
feet rested firmly on the floor again, his knuckles punched tightly against her
clenching asshole.  He felt her sphincter tighten in reaction to the unnatural
ravishment of her behind.  "There, now that was not too bad, was it Natalie,"
twisting his finger inside her asshole, making her feel his power over her body.
	
	She felt full of finger, her asshole clenched tightly around it as she
perched precariously upon his finger.  She could feel it moving around inside
her and she could not do anything about it.  She stood there, the Generals
fingers shoved deep into her rectum.  She suddenly felt relief, the finger began
to slide from her asshole, a slight popping sound as it pulled loose.  She
turned red in embarrassment. 
	
	"Let's move over her, Natalie," pushing her over to a low table next to
the desk.  He placed a pillow down on it and moved the mirror in front of it. 
"Now put your head down on the pillow," pushing down on her back, bending her
over the table.  He placed her head on the pillow, facing the mirror, sure that
she would have a good view of what he planned.  He stood behind her, his hands
resting on her hips, raising her ass up higher, "that's a good girl, get your
ass up, now spread your legs open, really wide this time," he ordered her.  He
stroked her ass as he watched the way she spread open for him.
	
	Natalie felt her body being pushed into position, unable to stop what
the General had planned for her.  She saw her reflection in the mirror and she
knew that is why he did it, to humiliate her further.  She moved her legs open
wider, the General not satisfied, his boot pushing on the insides of her ankles,
forcing her to spread open wider.  She imagined how she looked from the back,
her ass arched up, her legs gaping open, her pussy and asshole exposed to his
view.
	
	"What are you going to do," she whimpered, tears begin to form in her
eyes.
	
	The General reached down, pushing the hair from her face, only inches
from her, "I'm going to masturbate you.  Daddy is going to masturbate you and
make you cum," smiling as he said that.
	
	"No, don't," trying to raise her head up from the pillow.  She heard the
crack ring out in the room before she even felt the pain.  It felt like a
burning pain on her ass cheek, the General having spanked his large hand onto
her flesh in response.  "OOOOOWWW, don't."
	
	"Just stay in that position and I wouldn't have to spank the naughty
girl again."  He knelt down behind her, staring straight ahead between her
spread legs.   "Daddy will make you feel good and watch as you cum for him, you
want that don't you, you want to be forced to cum?"
	
	Natalie felt the Generals on her ass, moving lower to her pussy.  Fat,
clammy fingers pulled her pussy lips apart, pulling them wide to the sides,
stretching the skin tightly.  "OOOWWWW, not so hard, please," she cried out. 
She felt a sharp slap to her pussy, her body jumping to the unexpected slap.
	
	The Generals hand was wet where he had lightly slapped her spread pussy. 
"Obey, or next time it will be harder," his hands returning to her pussy,
sliding first one finger, then two between her pussy lips, feeling her pussy
juice.  He stopped at the opening of her vagina, one finger poised to enter the
tight passage.   He slowly pushed, feeling her tight pussy fighting back his
forced entry.  Her ass moved slightly as the finger won and slowly pushed into
her, the sides gripping it tightly as it entered.  "You haven't been fucked much
or for a long time, Natalie.  You're nice and tight, just like a virgin," his
finger relentless in it onslaught into her pussy.  He pulled it out, then back
in, each time with a little more force, each time it entering farther into her. 
"Are you going to put out some pussy juice for my finger, get it nice and wet
and I will finger fuck you into a nice cum," his finger beginning to slice in
and out of her pussy with a loud sucking noise.
	
	Natalie could feel her pussy beginning to soak his finger, her juicy
pussy loudly filling the room with the sound of his finger fucking.  God, how
humiliating, forced to get wet, as she was bent over, naked, watching her
reflection in the mirror.  She could see the smile on his face as his hand
continued in the forced masturbation of her pussy.  She saw his other hand reach
under her and she jumped as it touched her sensitive clit.  She pushed back,
jamming her pussy onto the fucking fingers, now two fingers opening up her
pussy, gripping onto the masturbating fingers.
	
	"Such a good little girl, putting out that pussy cream," jamming two
fingers up her tight pussy, twisting and turning them as he did.  His knuckles
slid along the tight walls, trying to bury them as deep as he could within the
tight confines of her pussy.  "I love little girls with tight cunts," his
fingers becoming more forceful in his masturbation of her naked body.  He
grabbed her hard clit, now sticking out like a tiny cock, between his large
fingers, pulling and twisting the bud into erectness.  Her ass began to move
with his rampaging fingers, fucking back onto them, forcing them deeper into her
body, looking for relief in the form of a satisfying cum.
	
	She pushed back, slamming her pussy opening onto his hand with a loud
splat.  "GGGGoood, pllllease, make me cuuuum," she moaned, all her inhibitions
gone, watching the whore in the mirror fucking herself on the fingers of a man
that was old enough to be her father.  She no longer cared, her only desire was
to cum.  Another splat, her ass fucking back onto the rampaging fingers.  "More,
stick more fingers in, tear me open," she cried out.
	
	The General smiled, he had her where he wanted her, begging for a finger
fucking.  "Yes, I will give you everything you want, Natalie, and more," hearing
her gasp in pain as he ruthlessly thrust three fingers up her tight cunt in one
powerful plunge that allowed his knuckles to bang painfully against her spread
pussy lips.  He twisted and turned his fingers, opening them up inside her,
spreading her pussy walls painfully wide.  He begin to forcefully finger fuck
her with his three fat fingers, banging painfully against her with each lunge
into her little body, the erotic sound of hard flesh hitting a wet and spread
pussy filling the room.  The smell of her juices filled the nostrils of the
General, his cock hardening to greater proportion at the thought of entering the
hot, moist cunt before him.
	
	"MMMM, GGGGRRR," the pain and pleasure mixing as her body shivered from
the effects of the forced masturbation of her body.  Her face tightened as his
hand banged painfully against her pussy.  This is not the way it should be, it
should be tender, like a lover would do.  Instead she was being forced to submit
to the hard and somewhat painful finger fucking of her pussy and she was about
to cum again.  Cum against her will.  "AAAAGGGHH, GGGOddddd, I'mm cummmming,"
she cried, her pussy clenching and unclenching onto the rampaging fingers in her
pussy.  "GGGGodddd, pppplllleeeease," she cried out, her pussy creaming all over
the fingers inside her.  "OOOOWW," she screamed, four fingers now fucking into
her soaked pussy, tearing painfully along the walls, forcing their way into the
hot confines of her body.  "GGGGoDDDD," another orgasm forced from her body,
shuddering on the table.
	
	The General forced another finger into her tight cunt, his wrist hurting
from the fight her pussy put up.  Her was almost punching her pussy as he finger
fucked her to orgasm, the loud slapping of his knuckles bouncing off the hard
walls.  His hand began to slide along the slick walls of her pussy as she juiced
on his fat fingers, her cries of ecstasy urging him into harder and quicker
response.  He saw her body slump to the table, her pussy still gripping onto his
wet fingers, as she lay exhausted.  He allowed his fingers to twist and turn in
her tight cunt, tiny noises escaping from her mouth.
	
	Natalie lay there, exhausted from the forced masturbation, unable to
stand, her breathing shallow, her legs weak.  She heard the General moving about
but did not have the strength to move.  She felt humiliated again, her body
shaken by the forced masturbation.
	
	"Stay where you are, Natalie.  I'm not finished yet."  The General moved
next to her head again, placing a large jar of Vaseline next to her face.  He
unscrewed the cap, placing it nearby.  He stroked her face, wiping the hair from
her eyes.
	
	"No, no more, you already made me cum, no more, my pussy is so tender,"
she cried out. 
	
	He laughed, "this isn't for you, it's for me.  I'm going to lubricate
your nice, tight asshole so I can fuck it.  Daddy took care of his little girl,
now it is time for the little girl to take care of Daddy," laughing as he pushed
a fat finger into the Vaseline.
	
	She sobbed again, a new degradation now heaped on her.  Fingers spread
her cheeks wide and then she felt the cold Vaseline touch her anus and she
braced for the fingering of her asshole again.
	
	"Be a good girl, and open up your asshole for my finger.  I need to
shove it deep into your rectum.  I going to finger it real good so it is nice
and slippery for my cock."  He pushed in, her sphincter no match for the
slippery finger.  He shoved it in one hard plunge, hearing her shriek in pain as
she was suddenly impaled again on his finger.
	
	She did not even have time to adjust to the finger, it just entered her
back passage and shoved in deep until his knuckles banged against her battered
asshole.  The General wasted no time in finger fucking her back passage, his
slick finger forced into her rectum, opening her asshole up.
	
	Natalie moved her ass in a slow circle, attempting to escape the
strange, full feeling the finger was doing to her.  She felt his hand move onto
her hip, holding her in place as his finger continued its cruel task.  The
General continued the lubricating of her virgin asshole.  He pulled his finger
out, her sphincter grabbing it as it left, only to push the finger back into the
Vaseline, this time two fingers.  They returned to her glistening asshole,
rubbing over the slightly red opening before plunging forcefully in again. 
	
	"AAAAWW," Natalie yelled, her head raised up from the pillow as her
asshole was speared by two fat fingers this time.  It felt like her asshole was
tearing as it was forced to spread wide to accept the ravishment.  The fingers
hurt as they continued to fuck in and out of her asshole.  He would pull them
from her asshole, watch as it shrunk back, then make her take them again, the
pain renewed. 
	
	The General tapped her on the ass, his fingers pulled from her asshole,
the little hole now a pink color, slightly opened, a sheen of Vaseline
reflecting the light.  "Now for a little bondage, my dear."
	
	Natalie saw herself in the mirror.  She was completely enclosed in the
sheath of black rubber, clinging her to like a second skin.  She was perched
high atop the black heels.  But the most humiliating part was the parts of her
anatomy that was not covered.  Her breasts were thrust between a large hole in
the front, the rubber forcing them tightly together, a thick rubber strip
running between them, trapping and separating them.  They appeared to be turning
a dark red as the constraining rubber tightened unbearably on them, forcing all
of the blood to the nipples, now an angry purple.
	
	Likewise, her ass cheeks stuck out the back, seemingly even bigger by
the constraining rubber band outlining them.  Rubber strips ran between her
legs, but her pussy mound was also prominently naked and displayed.  Her legs
were completely enclosed, all the way down to her heels.
	
	"Now over to the bed," pushing Natalie towards the large bed, a coil of
rope in his hand.  It took about fifteen minutes before Natalie found herself
securely bound on the bed.  There was a lot of manipulation of her body, her
legs spread and closed, but not before a hemp, knotted rope was pulled between
her pussy lips painfully, running from the front, up over her asshole before
attaching to her bound arms.  Her arms were bound in another rubber restraint,
both arms, from hands all the way to her shoulders secured in one solid piece of
rubber.  Her arms were pulled together and pulled down towards her feet.  Her
legs were tied together tightly, at the thighs, the knees and again at the
ankles.  Even her big toes were tightly tied together.  Natalie found in strange
that it would be difficult to get at her pussy in the tight bondage.  The rope
that ran from her bound hands, between her ass cheeks, back up between her pussy
lips to end wrapped tightly around her neck pulled her head down tightly towards
her feet.  This put a terrible strain on her body, bent painfully downward,
pulling on her arms on the other side.
	
	Natalie tried to shift on the bed, but the knots continually chaffed her
pussy lips, moving up and down her slit as she moved.  They were spread about
one inch apart, running from the top of her slit all the way up to the top of
her butt split.  Some knots were bigger then others, with the largest resting on
her clit, her vagina and finally on her asshole.  She saw the General move
towards her, her fear rising as she saw the whip in his hand. 
	
	He reached down and ran his hands over her out thrust breasts, his
fingers tapping painfully on her purple nipples, so hard that they looked like
they would burst.  He grabbed the top of the rope, pulling it up sharply, a loud
scream wrenched from Natalie's lips as the rough rope tugged up and down her
sensitive slit and asshole, scratching the intimate flesh painfully.
	
	Natalie continued to scream for the next twenty minutes as the General
beat her body with the whip.  He had already stripped naked, standing there
obscenely, his cock sticking out over his fat stomach, his shriveled balls
hanging under him like a hanging fruit.  The whip beat her unprotected body,
starting first with her breasts, the splat of the whip ringing out in the room
followed by Natalie's screaming, then pitiful begging and sobbing, only to begin
again.  He moved down to her ass, the rubber pushing it out prominently, making
excellent targets for his whip.  When her ass was a dark red, he moved onto her
front, taking special aim to hit her unprotected pussy, the whip pushing the
rough rope into the folds of her pussy in deeper. 
	
	The best part for the General was Natalie's squirming.  The whip forced
her body to move to escape the painful beating, the rope moved up and down
between her legs.  He could see a thin sheen of pussy juice and blood on the
knots as they pulled up and down, never far from their intended target. 
Finally, he could wait no longer, his cock ready to burst.
	
	"EEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHH," Natalie screamed as the General untied the rope
from her neck and then pulled it sharply up from the rear, forcing the entire
length of the rope to pull through her sensitive pussy and asshole in one final
painful abrasion.  She lay there panting and sobbing as the General turned her
over onto her stomach, a pillow placed under her, her ass raised up high in
sacrifice.  "No, please, not there," she begged as she felt the weight of the
General settle onto her back.  She felt the fumbling of his hand behind her as
he grabbed his slick cock and moved it over her ass cheeks.
	
	"I like how tight your legs are together.  Your asshole is already
tight, with your legs bound tightly together it will be painful to sodomize you,
but I will enjoy your screams of pain.  He pushed his cock between her cheeks,
the Vaseline allowing easier entrance.  The first time he missed his target,
banging painfully against solid skin.  He jostled his body around until he could
feel the head of his cock on her anus.  He poised there, hearing Natalie suck in
her breath, waiting for the initial, painful fuck into her virgin asshole.  She
did not have to wait long.  His head moved near her, wanting to see the pained
look on her face as he sodomized her.  He jerked his hips forward, the slippery
head of his cock forcefully entering her rectum in one jolt.  He felt the pop as
the crown of his cock was sucked into the hot depths of her rectum, her
sphincter clasping and unclasping onto the rigid member.  His cock jerked in
pleasure as he tore a scream from her lips. 
	
	"NNNNOOO, dddddammmmnn, it hurts, taaaakkkee it out," her body bouncing
up and down like a bronco trying to throw a rider off her back.  She felt clammy
hands on her hips, holding her tightly in place, his cock jerking in the
confines of her asshole.  "Take it out, it hurts," she cried again, her tiny
asshole burning as if gasoline had been poured on it.  He might have used
Vaseline on his cock, but it still felt like a dry, metal pole was being shoved
up her back passage.  "No, no more, don't push it in any more," she begged as
she felt him apply more pressure onto her back, driving his hips forward, his
slick cock pushing relentlessly into her rectum.
	
	It felt like she was squeezing all the juices from his cock as he pushed
farther in, jerking his hips back and forth in tiny fucks, each time gaining new
ground, each time his cock entering her virgin asshole deeper.  He heard her
groans of pain, the tightening of her sphincter in reaction to the painful
fucks, his cock jerking about in pleasure.  Her pain further spurned his
efforts, her sobbing and begging only exciting the lust for her virgin back
passage.  He loved taking virgins, their bucking around only pleasuring his cock
even more, their pleas, music to his ears.  "So tight, Natalie, such a tight
asshole.  So much more cock for you," pushing his cock deeper into the hot
confines, entering her colon, her passage continuing to spasm on his hot member. 
He jerked her hips up, his cock shooting deep inside her.
	
	"AAAAGGHH, no more, takeeee it ouuuutt," she yelled, tears running down
her face, his hair sticking to the side of her face as she sobbed in pain.  She
could only lie there, bound tightly, his cock sliding in and out of her asshole
noisily.  She felt her body turned on her side, his cock wedged deep inside her,
her stomach cramping from the large cock twitching inside her.  He held her
tightly against him, his hips jerking in and out, forcing her to take the big
cock.  "Pleeeasse, AAHH, huuurtts," she sobbed, a particularly painful thrust in
her asshole tearing a scream from her lips. 
	
	His hand reached around and wedged itself tightly between her pussy
lips, forcing its way between them, fingers moving up and down her crease until
he found her erect clit.  He pinched hard, her hips jerking back onto his cock,
the member now buried completely in her once virgin asshole, twitching in lust. 
"Such a great fuck your asshole is so hot Natalie.  Tighten on my cock, bitch,"
he ordered her, pinching her clit hard.  "More," twisting her hard clit, her ass
jutting back onto his cock, burying it in deeper. 
	
	"Splat, Splat," the noise rang out in the room as his stomach slapped
sharply against her ass cheeks as he fucked her hard. 
	
	"AAAH, Ahhhh," she moaned back, her asshole taking a beating from the
cock burying itself deeply in each thrust.  "AAAGG," his fingers pinching her
hard clit, her ass jerking up and down on this rampaging cock.  She could feel
it starting to stir, his fingers abusing her clit, her asshole taking a powerful
fucking as she lay bound tightly.  He was going to make her cum.  She was being
used like a whore, bound on her stomach, her asshole milking the large cock
buried deep inside her.  And now his fingers were going to make her cum. 
	
	"Yes, I knew I could make you, Natalie," fucking her harder, his fingers
moving up and down her slit, rubbing harshly over her swollen clit.  "Cum on my
fingers as I drop of load of cum up your hot, tight asshole."  He fucked her
faster, his cock sliding up and down her back passage, her clenching sphincter
grabbing the head as it pulled out, only to open and accept the large crown as
it pushed back in again.
	
	"AAAAAGGGHH, god damn, I'mmm cummming," her pussy soaking the fingers
sliding up and down her slit.  Her asshole hurt painfully as his cock swelled to
even larger proportions as it began to spurt its hot cream deep inside her
colon.  Another orgasm overcame her as her once virgin asshole was given its
first cum enema. 
	
	The General felt his cock milked of his cum as he dumped inside her
asshole, stuffing his cock in as deep as he could.  He felt her body shudder,
her asshole tightening on his cock as he shot another load of cum in her body
before slumping down on top of her sweaty body.  He leaned over her face, "such
a slut, Natalie, cumming with a cock up your asshole, such a slut."
	
	Natalie could hardly breathe, the General almost suffocating her with
his heavy weight, his softening cock still inside her asshole.  She tightened
her sphincter, pushing the limp cock from her asshole, feeling the wet, slimy
dick resting on her naked ass cheeks.  She could feel some of his cum running
down the insides of her thighs, falling wetly to the bed below her.  She was
relieved as he got off her body, her lungs sucking in some fresh air.  "Owww,"
she yelled, his hand slapping her ass cheeks hard.
	
	The General flipped her over onto her back, pulling her head over the
edge.  His limp cock hung over her face, stained with the shit and cum from her
asshole.  "Clean my cock, bitch and maybe I'll make you cum again."  He pinched
her nose shut until she opened her mouth to breathe in some fresh air.  He
slipped his dangling cock into the opening, feeling her lips close over it.
	
	Natalie could taste the foul cock in her mouth, gagging, trying to stop
from vomiting.  It tasted terrible, a combination of shit and cum sitting
heavily inside the confines of her mouth.  She ran her tongue over it, hoping to
clean it quickly, hoping that he would take it out.
	
	The General let her suck his cock into hardness again.  He pulled her
legs up high over her head and fucked her pussy this time, her bound legs making
her feel like a virgin again.  He fingered her slippery asshole as he fucked
her, making her body jerk up and down on his cock.  She was forced to suck his
cock into hardness again after he came in her pussy.  This time he choked it
down her throat until he blew his last load of cum deep inside her throat as she
heaved about the bed, unable to breathe.  When he finished with her, she lay on
the bed, sweat soaked, cum leaking from her asshole, pussy and mouth.  The
General left, satisfied and Natalie was returned to her cell, exhausted from the
sexual ordeal.
	
To Be Continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Powerone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





