BDSM Library - Willie




Willie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Willie gets an abrupt change in his social circle.
Willie


	Most folks call me Willy but my real name is William Beaufort Lee after
some Colonel that died in the great war.  Don't worry about such things though
as I live in a big old house off 40th and Pine that I used to share with my Ma
'till she up and died last year.   Never knew my Pa; Ma just called him a
Rollin' Stone, and my Brother LeRoy told me that he never did nothing good. 
LeRoy is in some hospital up north where they put him 'cause he got shot in the
head and don't remember nothing no more.  I went up to see him once, but he just
sits there and stairs at the ceiling and don't talk about nothing so I haven't
gone back. 

	Never finished school; actually never really started but got hired on at
this big legal firm in town where the bus takes me everyday.  The bus driver,
Ralph, is great and is always teasing me about my clothes and glasses and stuff,
but he's a nice guy and sometimes gives me candy.  I sort mail in the mail room
and get paid every other Friday but most of the money goes to comics.  People
say I'm stupid 'cause I spend my money on comics and hamburgers but they don't
know what I know about these comics that will be worth a lot of money someday. 
I hardly ever see my boss - only twice a year when he calls me into his office
and tells me what a good job I'm doing and gives me some extra money or candy. 
Everyone treats me just fine and I like them all 'cause I've known most of them
for better than fifteen years now.  Sometimes in the afternoon, I get to watch
cartoons on a small black and gray TV we hide over in the corner, but most of
the time we're too busy.  I love 'toons and Bugs is my most favorite.

	Everything changed a week ago when  I was taken my mail onto the fourth
floor for my mid morning run.   I went into Ms Thornton's office to drop off her
stuff and she was on the phone drinking coffee with one of her long legs up on
the desk.  I'm in love with Miss Thornton; she's so beautiful and sexy with her
long skirts and suit coats that hide everything but how beautiful she is.  She
has her own office with blinds on the windows and a grand view of the freeway. 
Everyone was afraid of her and I was too because they always said "yes ma'am"
and "no ma'am" and acted so business-like when they were in her office.  Ruby
says she's a carpet muncher but I know she ain't cause she don't wear red
lipstick and has long dark hair.  I heard her once yelling at some poor guy in a
suit because he called her stuck-up or something and he never went near her
office again.  I never have problems though, 'cause I think she likes me 'cause
she always smiles and gives me candy and greets me with a soft voice and her
eyes are so big and beautiful even behind those big ugly glasses she sometimes
wears.  I get feelings for her like I used to get for my Mary Lou and sometimes
I go home and beat my lizard just thinking about Ms Thornton without any clothes
on.

	Mary Lou and I got married some twelve years back on May 20th in a
Baptist church that burnt down last Halloween night.  Everyone said it was some
punk kids but I knows it was some witches that eat bats eyes and torture little
boys when they wander too close. Don't ask how I know these things but I just do
'cause I'm smart, I guess.   Anyways, Mary Lou had come to live with me and my
Ma since afore I remembers 'cause Ma said that her Daddy used her as a cumbag,
whatever that was.  She used to stroke my lizard all the time 'cause she loved
to watch him spit and wiggle but one time she tried to bite off his head and it
hurt real bad and when I yelled at her she just kept hitting my nuts 'till I
rolled on the floor and cried.  The next day her clothes were gone and so was
she but I figure she'll come back some day when she gets lonely and I'll just
wait.  Right now though, when I get that feelin' betwixt my legs (you know what
I'm talkin' about), I visit the ho's off of 86th on the other side of the tracks
to let my lizard spit.  Leroy always said that a limp lizard would one day fall
off   so I tries to keep him hard whenever I think about it.

	Anyways, when Ms Thornton reached up to get her stuff with the phone
still stuck in her ear, her shoulder sort of slipped a little and the phone
started to slide to the floor so when she reached up with her other hand with
the coffee cup, she done spilt it all over her pretty suit jacket and white
blouse and I could see the frilly thingy she wore underneath.   Now I might be a
little slow sometime, but I sure wasn't going to stick around and get yelled at
so I done dropped everything and made a bee line for the door.  Just before I
reached it though, she commanded me to stop.  I was shakin' so bad my teeth were
clatterin' when I turned to face her.

	"It's not your fault Willie, I was too warm anyway," she said.  She
removed her coat and started undoing the buttons on her stained white blouse and
I felt like I would pee.  She slowly made her way to her very own bathroom and
called out, "Wait a minute, will you please while I change?"  Little did she
know that I could see what she was doing 'cause she left the door opened a
little and there was a mirror that showed everything.  I could see her pearly
white skin and her two gorgeous udders as her frilly thing slipped past her
shoulders.  When she undid her skirt, I couldn't make out her fur patch (lizard
den as I call it) but I could see her two firm butt cheeks as they strained
against her shorts and I felt my lizard stirring to life.  She glanced up and
caught me staring at her with drool dripping from my lower lip.

	"Now it's not nice to stare, is it Willie," she admonished gently as she
closed the door the rest of the way.    I stood there and thought about the two
gorgeous globes I'd just seen and considered bolting for the john to make my
lizard spit.  But just as I turned, Ms Thornton opened the door and stepped out
with a whole new get up and a smile that made me warm all over.  "Thanks Willie,
your such a sweetheart," she said softly and my lizard starting shaking all
over.  I turned and mumbled "Yes ma'am" as I stumbled out of her office and
right into the arms of Ruby.

	"Whoa, Willie, where you going.  Oh, are you glad to see me or
something," she exclaimed when she saw the bulge in my jeans.

	"No ma'am," I said weakly and I turned all red and bolted for the john. 
I was so shamed that I didn't even come out until I thunk everyone had gone home
and the lights went out.  They weren't gone though 'cause Ms Thorton was still
in her office with her ugly glasses on.  She called out to me as the door to the
john squeaked shut.

	"Willie, come here a minute, would you please?"

	"Yes ma'am," I mumbled and stumbled slowly over to her open office door.

	"Come in and sit down," she invited soothingly.

	I went in and plopped down on the plastic couch that was supposed to
look like leather.  The fake flowers on the table next to me smelled like window
cleaner.  I didn't have nothin' to say about nothin' and just stared at my
hands, pickin' at one of the paper cuts that I had gotten earlier in the week.  

	"It's not your fault Willy," she soothed.

	"Yes Ma'am."

	"Call me Ellen, Willie."

	"Yes, Ma'am."

	"Willie, how old are you know?"

	"I could feel my neck gettin' red.   "Twenty-nine, Ma'am Ellen Ma'am."

	"Do you have any children?"

	"No Ma'am," the words were gettin' harder as my throat started to lock
up and the pitcher of water on the right hand side of her desk suddenly looked
better than a bottle of Annie Green Springs.

	"Look, I don't mean to pry, Willie, but according to your records here,
you've held the same job for the last 15-years.  That's something to be proud
of!"

	"I am Ma'am," I said, afraid she might hear how nervous I was.

	"Is this all you want to do with your life?"

	"Huh?"

	"Willie, don't you want to earn more money and maybe have a family
someday?"

	"Uh, I don't know."

	She just sort of shook her head and leaned back in her chair.  I could
feel her studying my hair and wondered if the little greasy white cheese balls
that grew up there were starting to clump.  After a long while she spoke again.

	"I would like an opportunity to give you a chance to make someones life
special," she said in a soft voice that made me nervous all over again.  "Have
you ever eaten pussy?"

	"Huh?"
	"Have you ever tasted a womans' genitals, Willie?"

	"Uh. . .I tried once, ma'am," I stuttered as I tried to figure if she
was horny or something.  "But the ho was all bloody and . . ."

	"Hold on, that's a lot more than I need to know Willie, but thank you
for your honesty."

	"Yes ma'am."

	"Would you like to lick mine," she asked as she rose and walked around
the desk, naked from her hips to the floor.

	I fell to my knees and thanked God for my tongue as I crawled over to
lick the small furry patch that was already drenched with her female perfume. 
She leaned back against her desk and I started knawing on those puffy rabbit
ears like a starved dog.  Gawd she was sweet tasting and beautiful too and she
made sounds like a little kitten crying for saucer of warm milk.  When her legs
wrapped around me like a  snake, I knew she was done gone to heaven, and her
juices shot down the back of my throat like the water in a firehose.  Her hands
grabbed my hair and pulled my face deep into her kumquat as I kept on a bitin'
and lickin' at averything within range, until I done run out of air and went to
dream land.

	I woke up in a dark cellar with candles lit all around and  tied to an
old table with a red thing stuffed in my mouth.  I just knew it was them witches
that had burnt down the old Baptist Church 'cause I was naked and my lizard was
shaved as clean as a babes ass.  But when  Ellen came over to me with a long
hypo-needle and smiled that sweet smile that made me all warm inside but cold
ever where else, I knew right away that she was still pissed about spilling the
coffee.  I faked like I was sleeping till I felt her rub my nuts with this cool
thing that stunk like a hospital.  Then I felt a little jab in my left nut that
started burn like hell in just a few moments and then a jab in my other nut that
made me start screamin'' bloody murder.  She jabbed her elbow into my gut and my
butt fell back onto the table as I started to pee.

	"Hi Willie, I see your little wiener is still working; my, my; look at
that geyser!"

	"Mmmmphhhh."

	"I know this is a little disquieting, redneck, but in just a few moments
we'll be through and you can start a new life with me.  You see, with my help,
I'm going to rid the world of a loser and help you live a productive life. 
Could you imagine what would happen if you were allowed to procreate - we'd just
have more ugly welfare recipients."  With that she reached between my legs and
lifted up my lizard and squeezed its head really hard.  Then, with the other
hand, she took this shiny little knife and started slicing at my nuts.  I didn't
understand what she was talking about much less what she was doing but it
started burning so bad down there that I tried to scream as everything went
black.

	When I woke up, I was back in my house and Ruby was looking down at me
smiling like she'd just gotten some.  In the hallway, there were some men with
ladders and things and I could hear Ms Thornton telling them to do all kinds of
stuff I didn't understand.  My lizard hurt kinda bad and there was this burning
deep inside that made me wanna puke.

	"Ready," Ruby said as she got on the bed and lowered her black furry
kumquat on my face.  Naturally, I started eatin' the dark meat as my lizard
started to get ready even though it hurt.

	"Not yet, Ruby, dear," came the voice of Ms Thornton from the doorway. 
"I'll do that for you until he's sufficiently healed."

	"Sorry ma'am; I just couldn't wait," said Ruby as she rolled off my head
onto the bed next to me.  "How many 'Willies' do you plan to make, anyway."

	"Oh Ruby dear, we'll start out with just a few - maybe twenty or so, but
with time I hope to convert the entire city and eventually the world.  Someday
soon all men will take his rightful place on their knees in front of their
master."

	I just kind of floated along in dream land and thought about the disease
the doc had promised o keep secret so I could keep workin'.  Don't know if Ruby
and Ms Thornton know that it'll kill them just like it's killin' me, but I
reckon I'll keep that my secret. After all, I got my comics and 'toons and
reckon I'll soon be eatin'' all the twats my 'magination could ever dream of and
that's good 'nuff for me!




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





