BDSM Library - Master Training Session




Master Training Session
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She always wanted her D/s play with her husband could go further, but their love was always in the way: A real master was needed for the training of a real slave.
Master Training Session by Jennyjo

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Master Training Session


I was proud of them. They looked so sexy, and they came in so handy during
submission play. The decision to get my nipples pierced was the right one, and I
loved them. So did Bob, my husband and sometime Master.

We had been playing around with the D/s roles for several years. Nothing too
deep, just some bondage, nipple and breast play, clamps, ropes, that sort of
thing. We both enjoy it, it spices up the sex life of a couple married 22 years.

One Saturday evening, we decided to show off my new toys by going to a club that
is BDSM friendly, although nothing happens on site, just a lot of risqu?dress
and teasing. We have been there a few times to get in the mood, and then come
home to some hot and heavy submission play.

This night, Master Bob had me dress with care to show off my piercing without
being indecent. He put my collar on, and then threaded a chain from one nipple
ring, through the ring on the collar to the other nipple. It wasn't pulled
tight, no stretching, but the chain was cool on my skin. Then He handed me my
shelf bra to lift my breasts and put my nipples on display. A sheer blue silk
blouse hid nothing, except the two patch pockets over the nipples. My short
black stretch knit skirt that hugged my ass with nothing beneath and high heel
shoes completed the outfit. I thought I looked hot! The chain attached to the
collar leading from my hidden nipples was a turn on all by itself.

Master Bob couldn't keep his hands off me as we were dancing, rubbing against my
breasts every chance he got. I was in a constant state of arousal. I couldn't
help catching the looks we were getting from the others there. When we were
sitting, Master Bob was always caressing my legs, sliding his hands up my inner
thighs, teasing me, but not touching my wet pussy. We were having a good time,
and I knew it would be better when we got home. I thought he might tie me up,
use a few toys, maybe rub some ice over my nipples. All things I love. But
sometime I wanted more, but knew we would never go too deep.

At one time when Master Bob went to the men's room, I toyed with my chain,
pulling gently, loving the feel of my nipples lifting slightly against the silk.
Master seemed to be gone a long time, so I just kept teasing myself, slowly
working my nipples into hard rocks. When He finally returned, he pulled my hand
away from the chain and told me I was a naughty girl. I just laughed and agreed
whole heartily. A strange look passed over His face and then he nodded in
agreement.

Then a man came and stood by the table. I looked up his body to his face and my
eyes were caught in his. He looked steadily into mine as he handed a card to
Master Bob. Then he turned around and walked out without looking back. I turned
to Bob; He was reading the back of the card.

You're Invited

"Invited to what?" I asked, a puzzled look on my face.

"To a Master training class. That man has offered to train me to be a better
Master to you. He said I need to learn to handle you, and to control your body
better. Do I?" His eyebrows rose in question.

This was a tough question. I had thought for a long time that I needed more from
this type of play. That because of the love we share Master Bob was holding
back. I didn't look away, only nodded that yes, I needed him to have more
control.

A slow smile split Master Bob's lips as he laid some money on the table for our
tab and grabbed me by the elbow and lead me out into the night.

The ride to the address on the card was quiet. As we pulled up in front of the
secluded house Master Bob switched off the car and turned to me. "If you don't
want to do this I'll understand. I just want to learn more about being a Master.
If I get better, you'll get more out of it too. Just remember, I love you, I
always will, no mater what happens in there, no matter what happens tomorrow, or
next week or next year." Then He kissed me hard on the lips.

Master Bob took my non-reply as agreement, and indeed it was. I was too
overwhelmed to talk at this point. Our night of fun and teasing was turning into
something else, something bigger then we expected, something that I knew would
change our lives. My heart was beating 90 MPH as we walked to the door and rang
the bell.

A beautiful woman was on her knees as she opened the door. She bowed and
motioned for us to enter, never leaving her knees. We stepped past her and were
met by the man from the bar.

"Welcome. The woman on the floor is my pet, Carla. I am Master Frank Moore. You,
Bob, may call me Teacher, and you, little slut, will call me Sir. Please follow
me."

Sir led us to a comfortable living room and we all sat on chairs around the
coffee table. On it was some papers. Our contract for the evening. "I want to
get to know you a little so I may better teach you," he addressed his comments
to Master Bob.

I answered right away, "I want to be used as a sex toy, to have my nipples
pulled, to be tied up. That sort of thing."

At the cold hard look Sir gave me I knew I had done something wrong. I looked
quickly at Master Bob and saw him give me a little shake of his head and cringe
a little. Then I felt Sir grab my nipple chain through my collar and pull very
firmly. I gasped at the sudden unexpected pain.

"You will only answer, 'Yes Master Bob' or 'Yes Sir' from now on. You are to
learn your place." His eyes nearly burned as he gave my chain a final tug then
let go, totally ignoring me as He resumed talking to Master Bob. I was
speechless. No one had ever treated me like this before. I turned from Master
Bob to Sir as they talked about what we had done at home, and the things we
thought might be off limits. I was stunned to hear our sex life discussed so
freely with a near stranger. Sir was asking what part of my body that I most
enjoyed having rubbed and I nearly answered, before I caught a look in Sir's
eyes and let Master Bob answer for me.

Then Sir was talking to both of us again. "You will not be having sex with each
other tonight. That is not what this is about. Bob you will learn how to control
your toys responses, and you slut, will learn that you do not have control of
your body, and anything you feel is a gift from your Master. Is that
understood?"

I was stunned, and didn't answer quite fast enough, Sir's hand snapped up the
chain again and with a hard pull that nearly yanked me off the chair, pulled me
toward him. "I said, is that understood?"

I managed to stammer a response that sounded like "Yes Sir" and looked over at
Master Bob. His hands were clinched to the arms of the chair. I couldn't be sure
if it was because he was trying to control his temper at the treatment I was
receiving or excitement. Or maybe both.

Master Bob signed the contract before we were led to an empty room, I was
ordered to strip, and Master Bob was given a robe to wear. The room was cool and
my skin puckered as the air-cooled my heated skin. I moved next to Master Bob
for warmth and asked him what would happen next. All I got in reply was a firm
pull on my nipple chain. I gasped and looked Him in the eye, then lowered my
head and whispered, "Yes Master Bob."

Master Bob tilted my head up and placed a kiss on my trembling lips and mouthed
"I love you" then took hold of my chain and gently led me from the room. We saw
Carla near a set of stairs, her movements indicating we were to go down them. My
knees where shaking as we descended the steps and I was sure Master Bob could
hear my heart pounding.

At the bottom was a large room with all manner of tables, straps and chains
hanging on the walls, shelves filled with more instruments and toys then I could
ever imagine. The ceiling was a maze of pulleys and bars, eyebolts and hooks.
More small tables were on rollers; ready to be moved where they were needed. Sir
spread his arms wide, "Welcome to my dungeon. Here you will learn and obey.
Master Bob, please be seated on that chair beside the table. And you little
slut, come to me and kneel."

Feeling the cold as Master Bob left my side, I walked on trembling legs to stand
in front of Sir and slowly sank to my knees. He rolled a table with several
sizes of cuff over to us and proceeded to place cuffs on my wrists, making sure
they fit properly and were not cutting in too much but were very secure. Then he
unhooked my nipple chain, took it out of the loop on my collar and re-hooked it
to my nipple again. Grabbing the chain in the center, He pulled me up again and
toward the table in the center of the room. I chanced a glance at Master Bob and
caught his eyes, they were transfixed. This is the first time I had been naked
in front of another man since way before our marriage 22 years ago, let alone
felt another's hands on my body.

A shiver passes through me as a felt a sharp tug on the chain. "You will look
only at me, slut, for the next few hours I am your only concern." Sir was
glaring at me. Then with a disgusted grunt, he reached for a blindfold and
quickly placed it over my eyes. The darkness was complete. "Now we wont have to
worry about your inattention, will we?" Then with a jerk he set me moving to the
table, nearly stumbling in the darkness.

Sir backed me up to the edge of the table and helped lift me up. His hands
pressed me firmly back till I was lying on my back. The vinyl covering was cold
and I flinched at the contact. In the darkness, I felt something, cuffs I think,
fastened around my thighs, and then something was pressing them apart. A
spreader bar?

Then the hands, caressing, soothing, skimming over my cool skin, making my body
throb and squirm. My arms rubbed, held, shoulders caressed, even as they were
pulled over my head and fastened to the head of the table, not even realizing
they were held tight till after it was done.

"You see, sooth and caress, and the slut's body becomes compliant. Stretch the
arms tight and see how her breasts seem to sit on top of her rib cage." Sir's
hands were at my breasts, lifting the flesh, kneading the fullness. His fingers
rolling around my nipples, tugging at the tips and pulling gently, firmly with
the chain.

I couldn't stop the soft moan that escaped my lips, "aaahhh yes" and the sudden
stop of the play let me know this was not acceptable behavior. "I see we will
have to gag her as well. Only "Yes Master Bob" and "Yes Sir" are to pass your
lips. You will not forget." I felt Him leave my side, the coldness of the room
making me shiver, then at his return my jaw was forced open and a large rubber
ball was slipped between my teeth. The buckle was quickly fastened and with a
vicious tug on the nipple chain Sir warned me, "You will learn to follow orders
or you will be in pain. Is that clear? Nod your head if you understand."

All I was able to do was nod my head. My arms were fastened at the head of the
table and my legs dangled over the edge, the spreader bar at my thighs. I
wondered what Master Bob thought of all this, and wondered if he was learning
how to control me, and most of all I was wondering if I wanted him to.

I felt the chain at my nipples pulled again, straight up, a few tugs, nothing
too bad, But the chain didn't slacken even as I felt Sirs hands on my body
again, soothing and stimulating at the same time.

The rattle of chains filled the air as I felt my legs lifting, pulled up by the
bar between my thighs, higher, higher, till my bottom was just off the table. I
knew I was totally exposed and helpless, and strangely, I felt safe. Like I was
being taken care of. Like I was entrusting my body to someone who knew how to
make it respond to His commands. I had felt this way a time or to with Master
Bob, but this was more, much more.

"Carla, our guest has an erect penis. You know what to do when you see an erect
penis." Sir was talking about Bob. He was getting hard watching me. The thought
that I was pleasing Him sent a thrill through me. I felt a rush of warmth,
almost a blush, until I heard the small sigh from Master Bob. I jerked my head
in His direction, silly since I couldn't see anything.

Sir's hands were on my legs, moving over my thighs, to my knees. "Would you like
to see your Master serviced by a real slave?"

His hands were making me feel so good; all I could do was nod my head. Almost
instantly the blindfold was taken from my eyes. I blinked as they adjusted to
the light, and focused on the sight of Carla on the floor between Master Bob's
knees, head bobbing up and down, the look of lust on His face.

I was stunned. I distinctly remember Sir saying that we would not have sex.
Well, what did he think this was! President Clinton aside, it looked like they
were having sex to me! I whipped my head around to look at Sir, a burning look
in my eyes. He must have read my mind because he chuckled as he rubbed my
stomach, "I only said you will not have sex with each other. And there will be
no penetration. But Carla is trained to suck cock whenever an erect one presents
itself. She is only doing her job. And Bob is only enjoying a little of my
hospitality. How can you object to that? Besides, you should be pleased that it
was your own actions and reactions that brought his arousal. You should be
proud."

Sir placed a finger on my chin and turned my head to watch them. Master Bob's
head was back, His hands in Carla's hair. My heart was pounding as I watched Him
be pleasured. I knew all His expressions, and knew He was close. His eyes opened
and found mine as He arched forward and filled Carla's mouth with cum. Neither
of us blinked for what seemed like hours, our eyes connecting us through space.
Then a contented smile spread over His face and He mouthed the words "I love
you." I nodded my understanding, and turned back to Sir.

"Good, you are learning that you are not in control of Master Bob. Any action He
takes is not to be questioned." Sir resumed rubbing my legs, moving to my
calves. I was loving the feeling of helplessness and attention. As I lay there I
noticed that my nipple chain was attached to a rope through one of the eye bolts
in the ceiling, a counter weight on the other end, pulling just hard enough to
let me know it was there.

Then I felt Sir's hands at my feet, and I couldn't help the sigh of pleasure
from sounding through the ball gag. I LOVE to have my feet rubbed. It sends a
melting sensation through my body that is heavenly. I turned to look at Master
Bob and He gave me a wink. I must not have been listening when he told Sir what
parts of my body I enjoy having rubbed the most. This was heaven!

Till Sir stopped. "I told you I was to be your only concern tonight, did I not?"
He moved to one shelf and returned with a heavy weight and without warning put
it on the counter weight side of my nipple chain. The pain was instant and
piercing. In my position with my hips off the table I was not able to lift my
chest at all. I was screaming behind the gag, as I glanced down at my nipples.
Oh God, they were stretched so far. I truly feared the nipples would tear off.
The weight was probably no more than a pound, but it felt like a brick! My body
started shaking, tears filling my eyes, and then I felt it. His hands at my
feet.

The pain and pleasure shot through me, so good and yet so bad. After what seemed
an eternity, the pleasure won out and I relaxed. I felt Sir's hands roaming my
body again, this time moving to my inner thighs. A sudden rush of pussy juice
made me blush. He parted my lips with his fingers and chuckled. "You are a
little pain slut aren't you?"

Again, all I could do was nod my head yes. It was true. I was nearly floating
with the feelings racing through me. I lay my head back and closed my eyes, as I
felt the clamps press into my pussy lips, felt them being pulled out, and the
tug of them being fastened to the spreader bar between my thighs.

"Bob, you see how manageable she is now? How you can bring her pain" he hung
another weight on my nipple chain, "and how you can change that pain to
pleasure" he was rubbing my feet again. My mind was so confused I couldn't tell
the pain from the pleasure. I was breathing so deep through my nose, the pain of
my nipples being stretched was burning through my body, my pussy lips pulsed
under the clamps, and yet; the pleasure won.

I heard Master Bob answer a little breathlessly "Yes Teacher" I didn't dare turn
my head, but I'm sure Carla was at His cock again. Which meant He liked what was
happening. And God help me, so did I.

Then I felt something sticky and cold touch my ass. I jerked a little, the
movement bringing pain to so many parts of my body, then the rubbing of my feet.
It was almost worth the pain, yes, it was. Then I felt a pressure against my
tight hole, panting to relax, trying to make things easier on myself. And with a
minimal push the large anal bead seemed to be swallowed by my back door. I
managed to fix my eyes on Sir, he was smiling as he informed me, "That was the
small bead. There are three more, each bigger then the last. You will take them
all. I understand you are not a lover of anal play, but you will be." Leaning
closer and looking deep in my eyes, "You will be." He pushed the next one in.
Damn, it felt like a golf ball! And they were only getting bigger!

As I moaned into the gag, my eyes rolling with the pain, that lovely feeling of
having my feet rubbed floated through the haze of pain, giving me something to
focus on. I was just relaxing when the next bead forced it's way in. Oh God it
was so big. I felt my tight hole stretching, stinging, surely it must be
tearing! Then it was in.

And the foot rub began again. I hear Master Bob moaning softly and knew He was
enjoying my pain, and Carla's mouth on His cock. I didn't look, I kept my eyes
pressed closed, focusing on my feet.

"Open your eyes slut, and see what is going into your ass now." Sir said. "And
remember, what goes in has to come out," Sir held the last ball just above my
pubic mound, if I raised my head I could just see it. My entire body tensed as I
saw the tennis ball sized bead, sticky with lube at the end of the string. I
shook my head no and received a tug on the nipple chain for my defiance. "Only
'Yes Sir.' Only 'Yes Sir'."

My whole body was trembling as I nodded my head. My nipples burned, my pussy
lips where throbbing, my ass was on fire, and I wanted my feet rubbed. And the
only way to get that was to take the last bead into my ass. We had tried anal
sex a few times, and I didn't really like it. It hurt and seemed dirty somehow.
But now I had no choice. I felt it press against my pucker.

As I panted and moaned, screaming in pain through the gag, the bead spread my
ass to the tearing point, and just when I thought I would pass out from the
pain, it slipped in. The sting was overwhelming me, and I needed the pleasure
from the foot rub.

But Sir didn't move to my feet. I started to panic, the pain was swamping me. I
looked at him with pleading eyes, and still he just stood there. I started to
thrash around, and that made the pain worse. I knew something must be coming,
something more painful than the last bead had been, and as I watched in a haze
of pain, I saw the clamp. Watching in detached horror I felt his hands on my
clit hood, felt him pulling it back and felt the total agony of having the clamp
placed directly on my clit.

I know the screams must have been heard even through the gag. My body was
shaking so hard, the nipples weights were swaying, anus was clinching, my body
was tensing, and somewhere in the far reaches of my mind I knew I was close to
orgasm from the pain alone. I felt my eyes rolling back, the swirling of
darkness as I nearly lost consciousness

And then it came. The hands at me feet. Ecstasy. The far off sound of Master Bob
cumming in Carla's mouth. The pulling of the beads from my ass. The shaking of
my body as pain and pleasure ripped through me, leaving me weightless. Then
nothing.

I woke on the ride home. I was so sore and tired. I watched Master Bob drive for
a little while. I could see the concern in His eyes, the caring on His face. I
said, "Thank you Master."

"How are you feeling? I didn't want you hurt, but, well, things just happened."
He was so worried about me. And that seemed to be our problem. He couldn't take
things far enough. And I couldn't respond to Him as a sub should. Too much love
entered into the picture. We talked long into the night, and many hours of
honest discussion led us to realize that we could not take the experience
farther on our own. The love kept getting in the way. But I didn't know if I
could be content without the intense sensations I had felt. Master Bob
understood.

So when we got a special letter in the mail, we ripped open the seal. The card
said "You're Invited". It was then we realized who the real Master would be.
Sir.

jenyjo@hyperchat.com




Master's Training Continues by jennyjo

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Master's Training Continues


Jennyjo quietly enter the living room and handed me a sheet of paper. She had
just checked the e-mail and brought me the message we had both been waiting for
for the past week. It was our assignment from Frank, my Teacher and her Master.
We were having a lesson this evening, over the internet. Isn't technology
wonderful!

"Bob, I have given our slave a list of instructions to prepare for this evening.
You will check her list and make sure she has done everything I have commanded.
If she has not, then a few ounces of weight from her nipple rings should bring
her to attention. At 9:00 meet me in our usual chat room for instructions.
Together we will bring your slave many new sensations and teach her that all
sensations come from you through me. In the mean time, sit back and let her
prepare for you. Your Teacher, Frank."

I was on pins and needles the rest of the evening. I showered, and tried not to
pay attention to what jennyjo was doing. I saw her carrying things into the
office and almost went and looked. But I wanted her to have this time, to
prepare mentally and physically for the evening to come. I heard the water run
for her bath. She stayed in there for what seemed like hours. I didn't know what
she was doing but the anticipation was driving me wild.

Ever since our first encounter with Frank, our lives haven't been the same. We
both realize that I need a helping hand to dominate jennyjo like she needs to be
dominated. I need someone to give me "permission" to do the things she wants
done. Some of which I would never do on my own for fear of hurting her. And yet,
it is the intense sensations she craves, the giving of control to another who
can create those sensations. Frank is helping us both. Jennyjo to be a better
submissive, and me to be a better Master. Thus the lessons we now look forward
to with anticipation and just the hint of fear.

At a few minutes till 9:00, I walked into the office. Jennyjo was kneeling on a
pillow next to the desk, cuffs on her wrists and ankles. She was naked, but her
hair was neatly gone, and her makeup all in place. All along the desk toys of
all kinds beckoned to me. I couldn't wait to start playing! But first things
first. I picked up the list of things jennyjo was to prepare and checked them
off one by one. She was learning. All the toys were there, her pussy was shaven,
makeup and hair, check, check, the last I would have to take her word for it, an
enema, check. We were ready to begin.

I logged onto the internet and clicked my way into the regular room we use. Semi
private and occupied by a few people who know the scene, and how to act in a
room such as this. It was the perfect place for Frank to give me instructions
without interruption or judgement from others.

I could hear jennyjo shifting on her knees as I started typing. With her back
turned to the screen she couldn't see what Frank was instructing me to do. It
heightened the tension and helped in the illusion that I alone was using her.
But we both never forget who the real Master is in our relationship.

BOB said to FRANK "Hello Master Frank. Our slut jennyjo has completed her
instructions to the letter. She is learning not to ask questions, only to obey.
But between you and me, I think she wants the weights on her nipple rings."

FRANK said to BOB "Hello Bob, you are probably right about that. But we will
think of many other punishments she will not like as well. Is she in position?"

BOB said to FRANK "Yes, she is ready, kneeling and turned away from the screen,
she can't see anything we say. Where do you want me to begin?"

I know from the last few lessons we have had that Frank has the session planned
out in detail. That's how he knows what to put on the list of things for jennyjo
to gather. As I looked around, I thought I could guess where things were heading
tonight, but I love the anticipation as much as jennyjo does.

FRANK said to BOB "Put her on all fours. Remind her that she is just like a pet,
at the mercy of her Master. Then with your hands milk her tits. Pull from the
base down, tug on her rings, and monitor the wetness of her pussy. When she is
starting to leak the first drop of pussy juice, let me know."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher. We begin."

I pushed back from the desk and walked to stand in front of jennyjo. I gave her
a long kiss, then pushed her to her hands and knees. "You are my little pet
jennyjo, my pet to play with, to use, to teach new tricks to. I think I'll milk
you like a cow, a little pet cow."

Then I put my hands around the base of her breast, pressed firmly and pulled
down, stroke after stroke, then switched to the other tit. Her flesh was getting
hot under my hands, and leaning to the side I watched for the first hint of dew
on her pussy petals. After a few minutes of milking her breasts and listening to
her hum softly with pleasure I checked again, and yep, there it was. The first
sign of her pleasure.

I stopped and pulled back from her. Her sigh of disappointment was music to my
ears. I know her pleasure buttons, and how to push them. And having her tits
caressed is right up there with having her feet rubbed.

"You may thank me for your pleasure pet," I said, knowing Frank would ask if she
was properly grateful for the pleasure.

Her husky reply, "Thank you Master Bob, and Master Frank, for my pleasure,"
always makes me hard. Damn, sometimes it's hard to be in control when you just
want to fuck your slaved brains out. But that is what Frank is teaching me.
Control.

BOB said to FRANK "Our pet jennyjo is getting wet. She has thanked me and you
properly for her pleasure."

FRANK said to BOB "Good little pet. Now take the rope she has placed on the
floor at her feet and tie it through the loops of her nipple rings. Pull the
ends down till her chest is resting on the floor. Then tie the ends to the cuffs
around her ankles. I want them fairly tight, no slack in the rope. Tell me when
you are done with this. If the pain seems to be gaining control, rub her back
and neck."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher"

I pushed back from the desk again, and sure enough, almost hidden under the
pillow under her knees was a length of rope. Looping it through the rings and
pulling down sounds easy, but when the temptation to play with the beautiful
nipples is right in front of you it's hard to focus. But I did it, and when I
pulled down on the ripe her small gasp of pain made my heart pound. As she
lowered to her chest and I pulled the rope ends to the cuffs at the ankles I
noticed the small drop of juice as her pussy lips had now grown to a small drip.
Yes, she likes this, and needs this.

After I tie the ends off, I rub her back and neck, feeling her relax and sigh.
Followed by the "Thank you Master Bob and Master Frank for my pleasure" that is
expected every time she feels anything new, good or bad.

BOB said to FRANK "Teacher Frank, she is tied as you wished, her ass in the air
and the rope leading from her nipples to her ankles nice and tight. We both
await your instructions."

FRANK said to BOB "Give the little slut pet a rub for me. She is so much fun to
play with. Next, I want you to take the red lipstick on the desk and write "FUCK
SLUT" on her ass cheeks. Let her know how she looks to all the people in this
room, at this sight, in the world that could be reading this now. Let me know
her reaction. I think I know what it will be. ~wicked grin~"

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher."

The lipstick was right on the desk like is should be, and as I opened it and
rolled it up, I turned to jennyjo. "You are a little fuck slut, so you should be
labeled as one." She jerked a little as I began to write and made me mess the
"F" up on her ass. A quick snap of the nipple rope brought her to heal fast
enough.

"What are you writing?" jennyjo asked as I scrawled the message on her ass.

"Just what you are, "FUCK SLUT". Everyone will know what you are. Everyone in
the chat room. Everyone in the universe who cares to drop in. They all will know
what a slut you are. What do you think about that?" My smug expression was met
with a look of panic, then the realization that she could be as slutty as she
wants and still have a degree of privacy.

A slow smile spread across her lips as she said, "It's only the truth. What can
I say? I am a fuck slut."

I nodded and turned back to the computer screen. Frank and I had a surprise for
jennyjo, and now was the time to use it. Now was the time for me to make the
decision to share jennyjo with the world or keep her to ourselves. Frank had
asked me to set up a web cam so I could show her slutty ways to the world. It
sounded fun and erotic at the time. But now with the moment of truth at hand, I
wasn't so sure.

I sat still at the keyboard for a long time before I began to type. My mind was
in turmoil. What if people we knew saw this? What if our families saw what we
had done? And once it's posted, you can't take it back. This was a big step. I
turned to look at jennyjo, on her knees, her nipples tied to her ankles and bold
red lettering across her ass cheeks. In an instant I made up my mind and started
typing.

BOB said to FRANK "It is done. And yes, jennyjo is the slut you think she is.
But I don't know if I'm ready for the next step we are planning."

FRANK said to BOB "I understand. It is a big step. Would a blindfold help? Her
face would not be a visible. But she would still be a slut to the entire room.
Think about it, as you put two clothes pens on each pussy lip. Make sure she
thanks us."

A blind fold. Yes, that would hide her identity. And hell yes, I would love to
show the room my beautiful fuck slut jennyjo. Since a blind fold wasn't on the
list I left the room. I could her jennyjo breathing deep. Then curiosity got the
better of her and she asked, "What are you getting? Did I forget something?" She
almost sounded eager for the punishment that infraction would bring. But I
didn't think she would like the punishment for questioning my actions.

As I walked back in with the blind fold, I could see her relax. She must have
though I want to get something really mean. But as I put the blind fold over her
eyes I whispered in her ear, "Don't worry, you didn't forget anything. Just a
change in plans. You see, Master Frank wants to put you on the web. I didn't
think you wanted everyone to see your face while we use you, so I asked for a
blind fold. But for questioning my actions, you will receive a little extra
attention."

I think jennyjo was stunned as I moved to get the clothes pens off the desk. It
took a full two minutes for her to register her shock and disbelief. "NO! You
can't do that!" As she jerked up in indignation the rope from her nipples to her
ankles pulled her up hard. Jennyjo gasped in pain and moaned loudly as she got
back into position on the floor, her breathing hard, her body shaking.

"Yes, we can. And we will do it now." I pulled the web cam out of it's cubby
hole, hooked the wires up and booted the software that made it all work. I
couldn't believe I was doing this. Putting my wife on the internet as a slut for
all to see. But I was so hot, and a quick glance as my wife's pussy assured me
her protests were only half hearted.

BOB said to FRANK "I have put the blind fold on and told her of our plans. She
had the bad judgment to question our actions and needs to be punished. Shall I
turn the cam on before I put the clothes pens on her pussy lips?"

FRANK said to BOB "I will think of a suitable punishment. Yes turn on the
camera. Everyone here is eager to see the slut we are working on at the moment."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher."

And with that, jennyjo's life as a cyber slut began.

I clicked on the right buttons, and her image, ass painted and nipples tied,
showed up on my screen. And in the blink of an eye, the image popped up on the
room page header. I was transfixed. What had I done. There for all the world to
see was my wife on her knees, her nipples stretched, the blind fold covering the
upper part of her face. "FUCK SLUT" in deep red lipstick written on her ass.

I must have moaned, because jennyjo shuddered and turned her face into the
floor, a blush of shame covering her body. But I as in awe. She looked so hot,
so sexy, so fuckable!

Making sure my own face remained out of the picture, I stroked jennyjo's pussy
lips. I could feel her trembling and knew what a gift she was giving us, the
gift of total control over her image as well as her body. I gently pulled her
pussy lips open, and placed the clothes pens, two on each side. She moaned deep
in her throat as I looked at the picture being beamed around the world. I was
loosing control. I wanted to fuck her so bad!

FRANK said to BOB "You are both doing so well. We are enjoying the show. Is she
as wet as she appears?"

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher, she is wet, and I'm so hot I could explode. And
I know you don't want that. Yet.

In the background I could hear jenny whimpering as she fought the pain. I
started to reach our and stroke her body, but stopped. Now that Frank could see
everything I was doing, I had to obey as well. In a sense, we has both given
control to another.

FRANK said to BOB "Use the gray tape to hold the pens open. I want to see into
that pussy. I want to see you did your finger in and pull out a string of
honey."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher."

Frank though of everything, the gray tape was on the desk too, and with a
ripping sound that brought a startled jump to jennyjo, pulling the nipple ropes
and bringing a yelp to her lips, I presided to tape the clothes pens to her
thighs, opening her cunt wide. I reached in with a finger, slid it over her
swollen lips and around her clit, smiling at the fact that jennyjo could still
moan in pleasure through the pain. After dipping my finger deep into her exposed
cunt I smeared it over her ass so Frank could see it.

FRANK said to BOB "What a nice little fuck slut. So wet for us. She looks so
nasty on the floor like that. Tell her that, as you lube the anal beads. I know
you have several sets there to chose from. But I think for tonight we want the
big ones."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher."

Now I was shaking too. The big ones were really big. And the world was going to
see them slip into my wife's ass. I picked up the beads, only three on the
string, but man they were big, as big as golf balls. We had bought them as a
joke, never thinking to actually use them. "Master Frank has chosen the big
ones." My voice was not quite steady as I walked to her, telling her how nasty
Master Frank and everyone in the room though she was. I could see her cringing
away from me, but the pain in her nipples always bringing her back.

As I squirted lube on her tight ass I could hear her steady moaning, "oh oh oh
oh oh oh" and I was shaking too as I pressed the ball against her pucker.

"Relax slut pet, and it will be alright," I promised, knowing no such thing.

I pressed firmly, slowly, and watched in transfixed awe as her ass eased open
and swallowed the ball, closing around the string. I glanced at the screen, and
the image of her ass with two balls hanging out was riveting. So was the
noticeable wetness leaking from her wide open cunt.

FRANK said to BOB "Don't forget to reward her for her accomplishment. And make
sure she thanks us properly."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher"

I reached between the clothes pen to her exposed clit and gave it a flick "What
do you say to Master Frank and I for your pleasure?"

Jennyjo's voice was more husky then ever, "Thank you Master Bob and Master Frank
for my pleasure"

No sooner had jennyjo finished her speech then I began pressing the second bead
in. The word "pleasure" came out in a low guttural moan. I think I was moaning
too as her ass seemed to suck the huge bead inside. I reached for her clit,
giving her the pleasure she craves her cunt dripping juice onto the pillow
below.

Jennyjo's voice was barely above a whisper as she replied, "Thank you Master Bob
and Master Frank for my pleasure."

Jennyjo was panting hard, her skin covered in perspiration. I watched her on the
screen for a few minutes, feeling so proud of her. Just knowing she is MY slut,
even as the world watched her shake and tremble in pain and pleasure, made me so
hot I hurt.

But that was one of the things Frank was teaching me. Not only control of
jennyjo's body and mind, but control over my own desires and urges. Even though
I wanted to fuck jennyjo, and fuck her badly, that was not the point. To control
myself as well as my sub, till we both reach the ultimate conclusion. That was
the point.

FRANK said to BOB "The little slut wants it. We can see how wet she is. Press
the last bead in. Then pull up gently. I don't want them to come out yet, but I
want her to feel the pressure from inside on her ass."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher"

I teased jennyjo's ass a little, rolling the bead over the hole, before I
pressed it home, her ass taking it in hungrily. As I touched her clit in reward,
her lips moved as if to respond, but no sound came out. I knew she was in
sub-space, lost in a haze of lust and pain, her body rocking ever so slightly,
pulling on the nipple rope again and again and again. I reached up and tugged up
on the beads, hearing her moan as her ass bulged out from the pressure.

FRANK said to BOB "When you have our little slut's complete attention, she may
cum for us."

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher. May I also cum?"

FRANK said to BOB "If you wish. Spray your cum on the writing on her ass."

I slipped out of my shorts, my cock throbbing and full. then turning to jennyjo
I set to work to bring her the ultimate, a pain/pleasure orgasm. Tugging on the
beads, flicking her clit, strumming the rope from her nipple to her ankles,
every movement bringing her closer and closer to the edge. Her moans and sighs
slowly changing to screams and groans as the tension mounted. My own body moving
to the brink of no return. From time to time, I caught a glimpse of her on the
monitor, shaking and trembling for the world to see.

Then when I sensed the slight pause before the storm, I pulled the first bead
from jennyjo's ass. The explosion was instant. Her body arched in on itself as I
pulled the other two bead slowly from her ass. Her clit visibly pulsing and
throbbing. Her body red with the climax that seemed to go on and on and on.

I stood over her, my cock in hand, and with a shamefully few strokes shot cum
all over her lipstick painted ass. I glanced at the monitor and watched in
stunned awe as my cum seemed to never stop, coating her round globes and
streaking the printing.

FRANK said to BOB "Well done. Well done. But let's not forget the punishment for
questioning our actions. I think leaving the little slut in this position for
the next 30 minutes for us to watch will be enough. Don't clean her up in any
way. I want to watch the cum drip off her ass"

I could barely type as my own breathing slowly returned to normal.

BOB said to FRANK "Yes Teacher, and thank you for our lesson. We look forward to
the next one. I will leave jennyjo here for your viewing pleasure. Goodbye."

I stroked jennyjo's back and neck, and told her what punishment Frank had
chosen. After a brief flicker of protest across her face, she settled down to
her fate. I knew she was hurting, and would need me when her time was up so I
prepared a bath and soothing rub for her nipples. Her knees, even with the
pillow would be sore. And as I tore the tape off her thighs I knew the pain
would be intense. Not to mention her tender ass hole.

And the whole time I kept telling her what a good slut she was, how much I loved
her, and how proud I was of her.

After her punishment was over, I carried her to the bath and soother her as best
I could. We didn't talk much about the web cam experience, there was time for
that discussion later. Before she drifted off to sleep I though I heard her
mumble that she wondered when the next lesson would be. I hope soon.

jennyjo@hyperchat.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jennyjo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





