BDSM Library - L.E.Z. - The Lesbian Sorority




L.E.Z. - The Lesbian Sorority
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An adventure in lesbian high-fantasy - Come join our girls as they have lot's of fun and lot's of sex of all different kinds.
------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------
L.E.Z. - The Lesbian Sorority.
An adventure in lesbian high-fantasy - any resemblance to the real world is
purely coincidental, and would be cool and by cool I mean totally sweet.


Chapter 1 : Rush Week

Starring the 	Freshmen: Josie, Nina, Kirsten
		Sisters: Isabelle, Terri, Stephanie, Monica, Gretchen and Charli
------------------------------------------------


It was the first day of rush, the whole house was gathered in the doorway to
sing their welcome song to the gathered incoming freshmen.  The freshmen had
probably heard some stories whispered about Lambda Epsilon Zeta, stories about
the type of girls in the house, of how there were some that were into girls. but
the stories weren't the whole truth, far from it.

The sisterhood smiled as the 15 freshmen girls walked into the foyer, they were
paired with one or two of the sisters to talk to.  To talk about what they
wanted out of the college experience, and what they wanted out of a Sorority.
For a select few they would be chosen to join the best sorority on campus:
L.E.Z.

Terri poked Isabelle in the ribs as a petite brunette freshmen came through the
door, they walked up and introduced themselves.

"Hi I'm Terri," she said, giving her blond hair a flip, "and this is Isabelle,"
Isabelle smiled.

"Hi I'm Josie,"  Josie looked at the two sorority sisters, they were opposites. 
Terri the stunning blond, almost 6 feet tall with a slim modelesque body and
Isabelle with her strong italian features, was no less pretty in her own dark
way.

"Welcome to Lambda Epsilon Zeta.  I'm sure you're gonna fit right in."  Said
Isabelle as she put her arm around the younger girl and led her into the living
room.  They talked for awhile, found out that Josie was a local girl.  She
really wanted to be a Gamma Phi, but had heard some interesting things about
L.E.Z. and wanted to find out more about it.


"Well," began Terri, "if you want to find out more about us, we could give you a
house tour."

"k" said Josie as she smiled.

Terri led Josie upstairs with Isabelle right behind.  They showed the girl the
library, one of the Senior's rooms and then the sleeping porch.

"All the freshmen girls sleep in the sleeping porch," Isabelle told her "They
get closet space and a dresser in one of the upperclassmen's rooms, but their
bed's are here."  Josie could see a room full of beds with four small windows
higher up in the room, that shed little light.  It was dim even now, in the
middle of the day.  "I think you'll find that most houses have a similar
arrangement."

Terri then led them to the upstairs bathroom, it was quite large being the main
bathroom in the whole house.  There was a communal shower and five toilet
stalls.  Terri led the girl and Isabelle into the shower itself.  There were
eight shower heads and Josie could see several chairs as well.

"It gets kinda crowded in here every morning, but we don't mind, do we Izzy?" 
Josie caught the look that flashed between the two other girls.  She wondered if
the stories she had heard were true?  "If you make it into the house you'll find
out how fun it is to live here."  Josie felt Isabelle right behind her almost
touching her.  Terri started walking towards her.

"We might be able to give you a little taste right now."  Josie's heart started
beating in her chest as she felt Isabelle's body press against her back, she
looked into Terri's eyes as the girl came closer until she was inches away.  She
was startled and couldn't move, she looked down, embarrassed.  Terri lifted the
teenagers chin and leaned in for a kiss, a soft peck to start.  Josie's eyes
opened wide as she was kissed by another girl for the very first time.  Isabelle
encircled the girl's tiny waist and nuzzled into the girls neck, kissing the
skin beneath her ear gently.  Josie put her hands up against the Terri's chest
and tried to feebly push away, but it felt so good she stopped and moaned
briefly as Terri's kiss grew in intensity.

Terri Wrapped her arms gently behind the girls head, and continued to kiss her.
Isabelle began to pull the girls shirt out of her jeans.  Josie reached down
with her hands and tried to stop Isabelle from untucking her shirt, but she was
already lost in Terri's kisses, and her arms seemed to find their own way around
Terri, pulling her into an embrace.  It wasn't like kissing a guy, Terri smelled
great, her lips tasted wonderful, and the kisses were much softer.  Josie moaned
again as she felt Isabelle's hands begin to roam her tummy.  They worked their
way up the the teen's chest as Isabelle's tongue found Josie's ear.

* * * * * * *



Down in the living room most of the visiting girls had left, nobody seemed to
notice that Josie never made it back from her house tour.  On the couch in the
living room two sorority sisters, Monica and Stephanie, were still talking to
Nina and across the room young Kirsten was still talking with Gretchen and
Charli.

The sophomores, Monica and Stephanie were sitting on either side of the young
freshmen Nina.  Nina was a cute girl, her tits were still a bit small.  She was
talking about her high school and how cool it was to be a cheerleader and how
she hoped she could make it on to the squad for the University.

"You know that most of the squad is made up from girls in our house." Said
Monica softly, leaning in a little towards the girls ear.

Nina smiled a little uncomfortably as she felt the older girls breath on her
neck.

Stephanie placed her hand gently on Nina's skirt clad leg, and leaned from the
other side, "We could really help you get on the team, if you know what we
mean."

Nina swallowed and looked across the room at the other three girls. Kirsten, the
other rushee, was looking back at her.  She had her mouth open and was was
watching as Stephanie's hand slid under Nina's skirt, slowly sliding up the
girls thigh.  Kirsten couldn't believe what she was seeing, the two older girls
were making a pass at the other freshman.  She swallowed hard, but her eyes
stayed glued to the three girls on the opposite couch.

"I really have to be going..." began Nina, her statement fading away as she
closed her eyes.  Monica had brought her hand up and gently took one of the
girls pert breasts in her palm and began to slowly massage the soft mound
through her blouse.  Nina felt both pairs of lips kiss her neck.  "I
really...ohh."  Stephanie's hand found the girls young quim, the fingers just
tickling the skin through the girls white cotton panties.  Nina didn't know what
to think, her mind was focused on the ministrations on her body by the two
sorority sisters.

Kirsten shifted in her seat, she was getting a bit aroused as she watched the
two sorority sisters molest the freshmen girl across the room.  She couldn't
take her eyes off of the display as she saw one of the girls move her hand up
the freshmen's skirt.  She heard someone talking to her.

"Does that get you hot," It was Gretchen, the brunette junior sitting next to
her.  Kirsten couldn't answer, she was fixated on Nina getting felt up on the
other couch, she didn't notice Charli's hand until it turned her cheek to face
her.  Charli planted a passionate kiss on the freshmen before she could react. 
Gretchen slid off the couch and kneeled between the girls legs and gently spread
them as Kirsten started to moan into Charli's mouth.  Kirsten put her hand down
and tried to keep the girls head away from her sex, but Charli grabbed them
firmly as she brought the girl into a tight embrace.

Gretchen lifted Kirsten's cute pleated skirt, revealing her simple black
panties.  She reached under the girls tight ass and shifted Kirsten's butt
forward. Kirsten moaned as she felt Gretchen's hand press against her young wet
pussy. 

Charli finally let her come up for air, leaning out of the passionate kiss. 
"Just enjoy it girl, we know you want it."

"No...I...please...ohhmphhhh."  her protests were smothered by Charli's mouth as
the older girl kissed her again.

On the other couch, Stephanie was between Nina's legs as well.  She hooked her
hands under Nina's panties and pulled them down to the girl's knees.   Stephanie
put her hands under Nina's legs and push them up and apart, the girls cute feet
in their penny loafers and knee socks were splayed apart.  Nina's pussy was now
exposed for her to play with. Nina moaned deeply as Stephanie brought her
experienced tongue in contact with her virgin pussy, and started licking. 

Monica had Nina's shirt open and the girls bra pulled up off of her pert little
tits.  She had her mouth planted on the teens nipple, sucking on it and nibbling
it.  Nina started to moan, "Oh, Oh, oh ohh ooooh!".  Monica left lipstick kisses
all over the girls little tits.

Kirsten felt Gretchen's mouth on her panties kissing her quim through the black
fabric.  Gretchen hooked the leg of her panties and pulled them aside freeing
the young coed's pussy for her waiting tongue and dived in as Kirsten moaned out
loud and grabbed the back of Gretchen's head and pulled it tight against her
sex.

"Ohh God!!"  Screamed Kirsten and Nina simultaneously as they came.  Screaming
in unison to the sexual assault from the four sorority sisters.

*************************************


Josie stumbled out of the bathroom between the two other girls, she was naked. 
They led the dazed freshmen down the hallway and into Terri's room, Isabelle
threw the girls clothes on the floor and then pushed the teen onto the bed.  She
spread Josie's legs and dove on her pussy licking and sucking it roughly.  The
girl gasped as she was taken.

Terri walked over to her dresser and opened the top drawer, reached in and
pulled out a strap-on cock.  She pulled her pants off and strapped the 8 inch
cock on over her panties.

"Is she ready Izzy?"

"yeah."  Mumbled Isabelle between licks.

Terri walked between Josie's legs as Isabelle moved out of the way.  She placed
the head of the cock against Josie's sopping pussy and sank in before the teen
even knew what was happening.  The little girl squealed as she was impaled on
the other girls cock.  Terri pulled back and sank in deeper.  She sawed back and
drove in to the freshmen rushee once more before hitting bottom.

"Oh God!!"  Screamed Josie as she started to get fucked by Terri.  She wrapped
her legs around the other girls back and searched out Terri's lips with her own,
hungrily kissing and sucking on the older girls tongue.  Terri started a nice
hard rhythm into the smaller girl.  Pounding the girls tight hole, the leather
harness slapping against Josie's pubic mound with each thrust.

Isabelle stood up and went to Terri's dresser and pulled out a second strap on. 
She turned and watched the teen getting fucked as she synched up the straps,
with experienced hands she was quickly wearing a black 8 inch cock.  She pulled
out some lubricant from the same toy drawer and dribbled a stream of the liquid
onto her fake cock. 

"Roll her over Terri," she said.  Terri lifted the girl in a hug, turned and sat
on the bed, the cute freshmen girl now rode the junior's cock, she started to
bounce on the older girls strap-on, threw her head back, "fuck, you feel so good
inside me!"

Isabelle jacked her cock off a few times as she approached the unsuspecting
freshman coed.  The first indication the bouncing little brunette had of the
second cock, was when she felt Isabelle behind her and the tip of her cock
pressing against her sphincter.  Isabelle timed it right so that Josie's own
bouncing popped her black rubber cock head into the girls virgin anus.  Josie
had three inches of cock in her ass immediately.

"AAEEEEE!"  The girl squealed as her nether hole was violated.

Josie was so aroused she kept bouncing, she quickly sank down on the dripping
cock embedded in her asshole.  She kept bouncing and soon was rising and falling
the full length of both plastic shafts. 

"Oh GOD!!!"  She screamed as she took both girls cocks deep inside her.

She bounced faster, she could feel the two cocks rubbing through the walls of
her pussy and anus. Josie started grunting with each down bounce.

"Ungh!  Ungh! ungh! ungh! un!un!un!un!"  Her eyes rolled back in her head as her
orgasm exploded over her whole body, she screamed in ecstasy and passed out,
collapsing on the other girl's big fake cocks.

Terri and Isabelle half rolled the girl onto the bed.  Isabelle now lay behind
the comatose girl spooning her, still keeping her strap-on embedded inside the
rushee's anal passage.  Terri was in front of the girl, she lifted the girl's
limp leg over her hip and the two of them continued to gently double fuck the
girl as she woke from her faint.  Sawing into the smaller girl, relentlessly. 

Josie came back to reality still filled in both holes.  She felt Terri's lips on
her own and the two of them started kissing as another orgasm built in the young
coed.  Gentler this time, as the two girls slowly thrust into her, Isabelle
pulling back as Terri thrust in, a sensual, powerfull rhythm.  One cock in her
young tight pussy and the other violating her no longer virgin asshole.

She moaned as the two girls continued to fuck her.

***********************************************

Down in the living room, the two freshmen had lost all their clothes as the four
sorority sisters continued to explore their young tight bodies.   Stephanie
rolled back on her heels, pulling her head out from between Nina's bare thighs. 
She grabbed the girls hands and stood the unsteady teen up, and started kissing
her.

Gretchen stopped licking Kirsten's pussy and turned around to look at Stephanie,
she smiled and pulled Kirsten to her feet as well.  She started making out with
the naked freshmen, Kirsten was in such a sexual haze, she hungrily returned the
kisses.  Gretchen pulled her into the center of the room.

The four girls stood right next to each other as Stephanie kissed Nina and
Gretchen kissed Kirsten.  The two sorority sisters stood back to back and then
in a smooth movement, stepped aside and let the two freshmen meet in the middle. 
Placing them together, moving them into an embrace.  Nina and Kirsten clung to
each other and continued their passionate mashing.

The four sisters went to one of the couches and sat down next to each other to
enjoy the show.  Nina began to kiss her way down the other teens body.  She
nuzzled Kirsten's pert breasts as she tenderly sucked on the other girls nipple,
she trailed her tongue down the other girls tummy and licked her belly button.

Gretchen snaked her hand into Charli's pants and the two girls started
masturbatingg each other as they watched the two naked coeds making love in the
living room of the sorority house.  Stephanie and Monica started to play with
each other as well.

Quickly the two freshmen were in a 69 on the floor, their tongues licking the
others pussy.

Just then Josie stumbled out from door for the stairs, Terri and Isabelle
followed.  She was dishevelled and missing her underwear.  The two older girls
chuckled a bit and led the younger girl to the couch where they sat down to
watch the show. 

Kirsten and Nina continued licking, entwined in a 69 as the seven other girls
watched and played with each other.



***********************************************

The three Freshmen girls stood on the doorstep as the door closed behind them. 
Josie, Kirsten and Nina looked at each other sheepishly.  They would never
forget the day they were introduced to Lambda Epsilon Zeta Sorority. 

They walked back to the dorms in silence, each girl with her own thoughts, each
reminded of their experiences by the wind drying the juices on their bare
pussies, none had made it out with their panties.  Once back at the dorms, Nina
looked at Kirsten and Josie and smiled, "you guys wanna come up and see my
room?"

Josie nodded and Kirsten smiled back and said, "Sure."




------------------------------------------------
L.E.Z. - The Lesbian Sorority.
An adventure in lesbian high-fantasy - any resemblance to the real world is
purely coincidental, and would be cool and by cool I mean totally sweet.


Chapter 2: The new pledges arrive

They each get a Big sister assigned to them. Sarah takes Tawnee to her room and
initiates her into lesbian sex immediately. Carrie is Anne's big sister and
shows her the whole house ending up in the sleeping porch where they discover
Ashley kneeling on the floor with her head between her Gretchen's legs.  They
watch from behind the cracked door, Carrie starts feeling the girls ass and soon
she has her hand up the girls shirt...

Starring almost everybody.
------------------------------------------------



"Welcome to Lambda Epsilon Zeta girls.  You are the lucky few to be admitted to
the best Sorority on Campus."  Gaylen the president of the house was addressing
the pledge class on the first day of the quarter.  "You will each be assigned a
big sister in the house.  She will be your guide in all the in's and out's of
L.E.Z."  This got a chuckle out of the collected sisterhood.

"Tawnee, your big sister is Sarah."  Sarah clapped, the sisters were allowed to
choose their little sisters, but sometimes there are too many upperclassmen
wanting one particularly cute girl.  Tawnee was a walking wet dream.  Tawnee had
dark red hair and a sweet southern accent, hailing from Georgia.  Sarah just
wanted to get the girl naked and between her legs.

Sarah had been hoping she would get to initiate the girl into the ways of L.E.Z. 
Sarah walked to the middle of the room to greet her new little sister and as
Tawnee approached she wrapped her arms around the freshmen in a warm hug.  And
before the young coed could react, the brunette Junior planted a  firm kiss
right on the girl's lips. 

Tawnee blushed but didn't try to pull away as the crowd of sorority sisters
cheered their approval.

After they were done mashing and had left the center of the room Gaylen
coninued, "Anne your big sister is Carrie."  Carrie smiled and walked over to
the shy blond.  Anne was unsure about her decision of joining L.E.Z. sorority,
her first choice had been Pi Phi, but she hadn't made preference with them. 
L.E.Z. was one of her second choices.

Carrie and Anne hugged, but didn't kiss until the sisterhood chanted for them to
do it.

"Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!"

Finally, hesitantly they kissed each other with a brief peck.  The gathered
girls cheered.

"Brittney, your big sista'," Gaylen inflected her voice with a bit of soul, "is
Krista."  The beautiful black skinned Krista walked over to blond Brittney and
the two girls hugged and kissed casually.  The white skin of Brittney and the
Krista's dark almost black skin was dramatic.  They held hands as they walked to
the side and stood watching the rest of the pairings.

"Josie your big sister is Terri."  Josie was shocked a bit, and her tummy did
some flip flops.  She was a little scared by Terri.  A little excited as well. 
Terri smiled and walked over to Josie, took her hand and led her from the room
immediately.  The pledge followed along obediently.  The other upperclassmen
chuckled and made a couple of sexy comments about Terri and her new pet pledge.
	
"Kirsten," continued Gaylen after the chuckling had died down, "your big sister
is Jill."  Jill pushed her glasses up higher on her nose as she met the young
blond girl.  They hugged and kissed briefly to a scattering of applause.
	
"Kari, your big sister is Laurie."  Laurie smiled she had thought the little
asian girl Kari was cute from the moment she came into the house during rush.  
She towered over the little asian girl.  Kari had no breasts to speak of an
stood barely five feet tall, she looked like a little girl.  Laurie looked like
a complete woman, she even dressed mature wearing a pair of nice slacks and a
blouse, Kari only had on shorts a tank top and keds enhancing the young
schoolgirl look she had. 

Laurie embraced the younger girl and brought their lips together.  She held the
girl tight as they kissed for long seconds as the sisterhood cheered.

"Welcome Kari." said Laurie as she broke the passionate kiss.

"Whoa get a room." Yelled Charli.
		
"Nina your big sister is Gretchen."  Gretchen and Nina looked like sisters. 
They could almost be twins, as luck would have it as they went to the center of
the room to hug and kiss, the whole sisterhood noticed they were even dressed
the same.  Wearing a nice pink sweater, pleated navy skirts and tights with
black shoes.  They laughed as they both turned to face the audience.  Then
hugged and kissed briefly.
	
"Ashley your big sister is Kris."

Kris was dressed in a tight fitting navy blue sweat suit, fitting her athletic
form like a glove.  She walked up and hugged Ashley in her cute dress, kissing
her and then walking back to the side of the room together.

"Welcome to the new Lambda Epsilon Zeta pledge class."  Said Gaylen as all the
girls in the room cheered.

"Your big sisters will help you learn the ways of Lambda EpZee.  Thanks
everybody for coming, remember we have the exchange with Sigma Chi on Wednesday,
I want everyone to attend."

The gathering broke up as  the big sister/little sister pairs headed off
together.

*************************
Sarah - Brunette Junior
Tawnee  - blond from Georgia, big sister Sarah(junior)


"And this is my room Tawnee."  The young freshmen entered and looked around.  It
was smaller than she expected, with a single bed, desk and dresser.  She turned
as she heard the door close.  Sarah walked over to her stereo and turned on some
quiet music, then she went and sat on the bed.

"Come over here Tawnee I want to talk to you about life here in the house." She
said as she sat on her bed.

Tawnee walked over and sat down next to her big sister.

"Tawnee Lambda Epsilon Zeta is a very special place.  The sisterhood here is the
closest of any in the greek system.  We encourage closeness between sisters and
especially between big sisters and their little sisters."  She smiled and put a
hand on the younger girls thigh.

"The bonds forged within these walls will last a lifetime.  As your big sister
it is my duty to introduce you to the ways of the house."  She leaned in closer
to the young coed.  Tawnee swallowed nervously as Sarah's mouth moved in close
to her ear.

"We try to learn as much about each other as possible, emotionally," she
whispered, her hand on the freshman's thigh slowly began to slide up under the
girls skirt.

"Mentally,"  Sarah mouth was bushing softly against Tawnee's ear now.

"And physically," her hand pressed against the girls cotton panties.  Tawnee
closed her eyes and sighed as the other girl kissed her ear and started to
gently rub her pussy through her panties.

Sarah moved her mouth around to Tawnee's lips and kissed her again on the lips. 
Tawnee returned her kiss and spread her legs slightly to give the older girl
easy access to her pussy.  She quickly got wet under Sarah's expert fingers.

Sarah pushed the girl back on her bed and continued to play with her through her
white cotton panties.  Tawnee gasped as Sarah pulled the moist cloth of her
panties aside and slipped a finger easily into her pussy and began a gentle
rhythm into the girls quim.

"Oh Sarah...Oh...oh...oh."





*************************

Laurie slowly opened the door to the sleeping porch and the two girls stopped in
their tracks. 

On the other side of the room they saw Ashley with her legs spread, naked from
the waist down. Gretchen had her back to them as she had her tongue buried in
her little sisters pussy.

Laurie and Kari didn't say a word but just stood quietly and took in the show. 
They watched as Ashley moaned and brought her hand to her mouth to stifle her
screams.  She put a hand behind Gretchen's head and pulled the older girls face
tight against her pussy.  Kari started to breath heavy, she had never seen
anything like this.  She jumped as she felt Laurie's hand gently touch her butt
through her shorts.

"Keep watching Kari."  whispered Laurie into her ear as she bent down to the
shorter girl.  Kari watched, entranced at the two girls making love on the edge
of the bed.  Laurie started to slowly massage Kari's ass through her lightweight
shorts.  She moved more behind the other girl as they watched the two coed's
make love in the dim light of the sleeping porch.

"Do you see the pleasure Gretchen is giving Ashley."  Laurie whispered as she
slowly snaked her hand inside the shorts of the smaller girl in front of her. 
She worked her right hand inside her panties and started to massage the smooth
skin of Kari's ass.  Kari stood still, in shock as she watched the lesbian
lovemaking going on inside the room.

Laurie bent down and kissed the girl's neck as Kari moaned a cute little sound. 
The little freshman felt the older girls left hand make it's way up under her
tank top.  She moaned again and leaned back against the taller girl, letting her
know she liked the advances Laurie was making on her tight little asian body. 

They watched as Ashley came in a shuddering climax.  Laurie brought her right
hand around the front of the girl and shoved it down inside the girls shorts.

"Spread your legs for me little one." she whispered to Kari as she nibbled on
the coed's earlobe.

Kari spread them, giving the Sophomore access to her peach fuzz covered quim. 
Laurie found the girls little clit and started to play with Kari as they watched
Gretchen kiss her way up her little sisters body and the two of them embrace.

Kari squealed as she was brought to an abrupt climax herself.  The two girls on
the bed looked up from their embrace and smiled at the smaller Kari being
molested from behind by Laurie.

Laurie pulled her hand out of Kari's shorts and licked it dry.

"Come along Kari, there is much more to show you."

They closed the door as Gretchen and Ashley started to kiss passionately again.




*************************

Terri closed the door to her room behind her and said, "Take your clothes off
Josie, you won't need to wear them whenever you're in my room."

Josie stood still for a moment in the middle of Terri's room and then slowly
took her clothes off.  her panties were the last to join the pile of clothes on
the floor.  She didn't know why she followed Terri's direction, it just felt
right to do what the older girl asked.

"Come sit next to me on the bed."

Josie made her way over and sat down next to the senior girl.

Terri leaned over, pulled the naked teen roughly into an embrace and started to
kiss the girl,  holding her naked body against her own clothed one.  Josie
returned the kisses.  They made out for a bit and then Terri pulled back and
held the girl as she talked gently to her.

"Josie I want us to have a special relationship. I will help you make your way
through L.E.Z. and through the University, I want my little sister to succeed in
all things.  I just have some rules I want you to follow.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Terri."  said Josie, it just felt right to surrender herself to the
stronger woman.

"First rule girl, you will address me as Miss Terri in public.  In private it
shall be Mistress.  Is that clear?"

"Yes Mistress."  Terri brought her hand down between the girls naked thighs and
slid her middle finger into the slit of Josie's pussy.  Josie gasped at the
molestation.

"Good now, rule two you shall do what I tell you.  Do you understand? 
Everything."

"Yeeessss Mistressssss."  Josie spread her legs to allow easy access to her wet
pussy.  She felt so aroused by this, relinquishing her free will to Terri felt
so right.

"I knew from the moment I saw you that you would be mine."  Said Terri as she
masturbated the girl's cunt.  rubbing her clit.  "You will be my little pussy
slave."

The freshman girl came on Terri's fingers. "Yess Mistress!"

"Now stand up girl and let me have a look at you."

Josie stood on unsteady legs. She felt a bit uncomfortable being naked in and on
display for another girl like this, but she did what Terri asked her too.

"Turn around girl and show me your ass."  Josie spun around and let Terri see
her naked butt.  Terri spanked it.

Josie jumped and squealed.

"Come back here!" said Terri.  Josie came back closer again. 

"Just for that you get five spanks!"

"What?"  Said Josie.

"Wanna make it ten? Pleadge?"

"No please don't."

"Then don't flinch, and remember to call me by the correct name!"

"Yes...mistress." Jaosie said quietly.

Terri slapped Josie's ass.  Swack!

"Oowwweee."  Said Josie.

"Quiet, or I WILL make it ten!"

Josie bit her lower lip as the second slap came down, SWACK!

"Now count them!"  Swack!

"Threeeeow!"  She almost squealed.

Swack!

"Four!"  She was able to hold her voice in check.

Swack!

"Five!"

"Good now thank your Mistress for your punishment."  Said Terri with a wicked
smile.

"Thank you Mistress!"

Terri stood up and turned the naked girl in her arms and kissed her, "Good
girl," she said, "we have a long way to go, but it is a nice start."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Annie the Slick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





