BDSM Library - Jim Carruthers




Jim Carruthers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Having had a row at home, Sally sets out on a ride in over remote moorland atrocious weather. Thrown from the horse, she bad temperedly strikes the man who would help her only to discover, she has now no way of getting back home. Her only hope of survival was to spend a week alone as a maid to the man, who threatened to punish her for her actions.
Jim Carruthers

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF NC Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright obohobo 2002




Jim Carruthers

by obohobo



Chapter 1. The meeting

"I'm going riding and neither you or anyone else or the weather is gong to stop
me," Sally McCraig shouted as she slammed the door behind her.

Striding across the courtyard, she spied Johnny lurking under the coachhouse
door overhang and ordered him to fetch Victor's saddle. "You ain't going riding
in this weather are you miss?"

"I didn't ask for a weather report," snapped Sally, "Just get me the saddle."

"Sorry, Miss."

Indeed the weather was bad. Although the rain had eased a little, storm clouds
threatened and the wind was picking up again. It had been wet like this for
three weeks, the land was sodden and the rivers running almost as hard as in
Spring when the snow melted from the hills. However, it was still only early
October and the Winter rains and snow had yet to come. Older folks nodded to
each other and declared it had been the worst September Scotland had known in
living memory and October was continuing in the same vein.

Sally lived with her parents in the rambling old Bencarran Lodge. The McCraig
family had resided there for three centuries and at one time owned the whole of
the peninsula but during bad times at the turn of the century, Sally's
grandfather had sold the western tip and the small island of Sula, which was
separated from it by about two miles of water, to Frederick Carruthers a
business man from Glasgow. At that time a small group of crofters eked out a
living on Sula but all left during the depression era. Frederick Carruthers
liked the peace of the island and employed some of the crofters to build a
goodly sized house near the small harbour.

Ian McCraig, Sally's father and indeed the whole of the McCraig family, always
regretted the selling of this part of the estate considering it rightfully
theirs and stating openly their belief that Carruthers had wheedled the land
from them for a pittance. Even today there was no love lost between the
McCraig's and Jim Carruthers, the present owner. Jim had tried to appease the
McCraig's by allowing them to run sheep on his part of the peninsula for a
peppercorn rent but forbade any hunting or shooting. His interest was in wild
life in general and marine biology in particular.

Locals gave Ian McCraig the courtesy, if ill fitting title of, 'The Laird'.
Neither he nor Gertrude his wife, were up to the task of managing the large
estate and wobbled from one financial crisis to the next. Neither had any real
control over Sally whose forceful ways easily overcame any of their timid
objections.

At 25 Sally could not be called beautiful yet she was not unattractive at least
not until she opened her mouth, then her sharp tongue turned away all except a
few friends and they were not close. Sally was a loner. With no other children
nearby her early childhood was spent on her own in the large house. At school
she was a middle of the road pupil collecting a handful of GCSE passes but not
going on to further education. She left home for a while and worked at a variety
of jobs, none lasting very long. Her forceful criticism of those around her, her
sour disposition and inability to work with others soon led to dismissal. After
three years in the city she returned to Bencarran Lodge theoretically to work in
the estate office but only when weather conditions dictated she couldn't go out,
did she appear in the office and then only to comment unfavourably on the way it
was run.

As is often the case with lone females she had an empathy with animals
particularly her horse, Victor. Whenever possible she rode over the moors,
through the glens and by the rivers on the estate. Her family and staff were
only too pleased to see her go. Peace would reign for a few hours.

On the fateful Tuesday, Sally had woken late, missed breakfast, vehemently
rebuked Mrs. Simpson the cook, for having poached salmon on the luncheon menu
two days running. The cook protested that Sally loved poached salmon and it was
fresh from the nearby river. As the argument became more heated, Sally
questioned the cook's ability to do her job properly and Mrs Simpson decided to
see the Laird and hand in her notice.

Ian McCraig tried to persuade his cook to stay. She was a good cook and they
were hard to come by especially for the wages he could offer. Mrs. Simpson
pointed out she could get a job for more money in the hotel in Tarpin only ten
miles away. She liked working for the Laird but when Sally was at home, life
could be hell. Finally Ian was able to reach a partial compromise. If he could
control Sally's behaviour for the next fortnight Mrs. Simpson would stay. Two
weeks to get Sally under control; he hadn't been able to do that for twenty five
years!

Summoning Sally to his office, he tried to explain the position and get her to
apologise to the cook. Sally, still in her bad mood, demanded, "Is the cook then
worth more than me?" Ian thought to himself that she probably was. Sally reading
this in his facial expression, turned and announced she was going riding.

"You can't go out in this weather Sally."

"I can and I will." Sally stomped out of the room, grabbed her Barbour jacket,
picked up her hard hat and riding crop, slammed the door and was away. Anger in
her heart at everyone around her.

Usually she calmed down after riding Victor for a while but today was not one of
those days. She followed the old drovers trail towards Tarpin to the south-east
of Bencarran but after only a mile, found the track washed away and her path
barred by a mud-slide and a ranging torrent of water. Victor seemed edgy but she
allowed him to pick his own way and follow a small, almost unmarked track back
towards the western end of the peninsula. The rain came in gusts now and there
was a distant rumble of thunder. None of which lifted the gloom from around her.

Nearing the end of the trail where it crossed a little rivulet and descended
steeply down to the shore, Sally was perturbed to find the rivulet now a full
blown river. Following it upstream a little way she found a place where it was
wider but shallower and was able to entice Victor across.

The descent to the shore was now a muddy slippery, steep path and she knew she
should dismount but decided not to. Victor picked his way down but nearing the
bottom, startled by the thunder, slipped and tipped Sally over his head. Landing
on her back she slid like a toboggan down the slope ending at the feet of Jim
Carruthers.

"Hello, Sal. You really didn't need to fall at my feet like that! Jim laughed.
In a flash of humiliation induced rage, Sally slashed a back-hander with the
riding crop across Jim's face. A livid stripe immediately appeared across his
right cheek, scar like from the corner of his mouth to above his ear.

Jim reared back, grabbed the whip which Sally still held motionless in her hand
and threw it to the ground. "You will pay for this tenfold bitch," he said
quietly and coldly.




Chapter 2. To the island

To the casual observer, Jim did not appear a wealthy man. His waterproof
camouflage suit was well worn and covered an equally well worn pair of trousers
and an old fisherman's type jersey. In fact this appearance was very misleading.
Jim was a major shareholder in a large technological pharmaceutical company with
a weekly income more than the average worker earned in a year. On his beloved
Sula he had little to spend it on except the high tech recording equipment and
microscopes needed for his marine biology hobby. At 32 Jim was somewhat of a
recluse. Few visited the island and any necessary business was conducted at the
Tarpin hotel.

It hadn't been a very successful Tuesday for him either. The weather had limited
the seal filming he wanted to do to almost nil. Now with the wind and rain
increasing, the light fading he locked the hut near the beach in which he stored
his hide equipment ready to return to the small motor boat, "Gannet" moored at
the small jetty. A sharp neigh caused him to look up. There, coming down the
slippery path was the McCraig girl. Jim had met her on two occasions and both
times she had treated him like dirt.

Concentrating on controlling the horse, she hadn't seen him. A flash of
lightening, the horse reared and she was on her back sliding helplessly towards
him. The effect was comical. Sally, legs and arms in the air, slithering first
one way then the other in the mud and water until stopped by the shingle beach.
Victor still spooked by the lightening, managed to keep his footing, turned and
headed riderless back the way he had come.

Amused by her entrance, Jim greeted her, he thought pleasantly enough. The slash
came as be stooped to help the girl to her feet. The explosive pain, the shock
knocked him back for a few seconds. Sally sat there motionless, mouth open at
the horror of what she had done. When Jim grabbed the whip she fully expected he
would beat her. That would have been her immediate reaction. Instead he threw
the whip away. What did he intend?

Sally mumbled half under her breath, an apology. She was not used to apologising
to anyone so the words came out with difficulty and were lost in the wind. Jim's
threat, "You will pay for this tenfold bitch," spoken quietly came through
clearly to her brain.

"I'm .... er ....sorry," she mumbled again, "I hate people shortening my name to
Sal." She added as if to mitigate her action.

"So how many others have a whiplash across their face for that reason?" enquired
Jim in an icy tone.

"I've ... never done that before to .... anyone," Sally stuttered. "I'm sorry,"
she repeated a little more loudly this time.

"Well it certainly isn't the best way to win friends or influence people," Jim
barked, "Think yourself lucky. Its getting dark and the wind's getting up so I
must get going,.and won't have time to deal with you." Jim stroked his sore face
and started towards the "Gannet" picking up the riding crop on the way and
throwing it into the cockpit of the boat.

"You aren't just going to leave me here are you?" Sally cried beginning at last
to see her desperate situation. "Take me to Bencarran in your boat. Please," she
added as an afterthought.

"Even if I wanted to, I couldn't in this weather. Once we got out of the lee of
Sula and around the headland the seas would swamp the boat. Just getting to Sula
will be bad enough."

"Take me to Tarpin then."

"Far too dangerous to try and get round the rocks in the dark."

Sally suddenly began to realise the seriousness of her position. She was
stranded here with the man she had struck and whose face was now lopsidedly
swollen with one eye partially closed giving him a very mean appearance.

Jim spoke. "Sal," he deliberately used the name she disliked so much, "As I see
it, you have three choices. One. To stay here for the night." Cold and wet
through as she was this was not a real option. "Two. Walk back to Bencarran."
With the main path cut by the swollen river, the only way was the coastal path a
distance of twenty four miles. Not an easy route in good weather and in
daylight. In today's conditions and wearing riding boots with smooth soles again
that was not a real option. "It is possible that when and if Victor arrives back
they will send a search party to look for you."

Sally thought this too was a very dubious option. She had started out in the
opposite direction and was seen by two crofters. No one saw her turn and head
westwards. Any search would be in the Tarpin direction.

"The third option is to come with me to Sula," Jim continued. "But in view of
your behaviour I am attaching a couple of conditions to that option. The first
is to accept your punishment for this vicious attack and secondly you stay for a
week as my personal live in maid."

Sally looked dumbfounded. Surely he couldn't expect her to agree to those terms.
Could he? She surprised herself by asking if he expected her to sleep with him.

Deliberately using the most direct terms he said, "Will I will fuck you? Yes,
indeed I will. Let there be no mistake about that."

"That's rape."

If you agree to come with me, then you agree to sex. If you agree then it is not
rape."

While there is certain amount of logic in the argument, Sally doubted it's
courtroom validity. She wondered what would happen if she said "No" after
arriving on the island.

"Well, the choice is yours. Either stay here and try and make your own way back
in the wet and cold and dark or accept my terms. Take your punishment and become
my maid for one week." Jim paused and then spoke again, "But you have only a few
minutes to make up your mind. Once I cast off from the jetty, in this wind and
sea I could not safely return. If you wish to come to Sula get on the boat now
or in the few minutes before I cast off."

Jim climbed aboard the "Gannet" and started the engine. Sally's mind was full of
questions, uncertainties and apprehensions. How would he punish her? Would he
really fuck her? Would he really keep her for a whole week and set her doing
menial tasks? How could she agree to those terms? Equally though, how could she
not agree to them? Staying was not an option, that was almost certain death.
Perhaps she could find a way around his conditions after they arrived at his
home.

Sally heard the engine kick into life. Saw Jim go forward to cast off the bow
line. With micro seconds to spare she shouted, "I'm coming! Wait for me
bastard!"



Sally sat in the partial shelter of the wheelhouse while Jim kept the "Gannet"
more or less head on to the waves. The sea was rougher than he anticipated from
the shore and the bow continually lifted from the water at the crest of a wave
to crash down again with a tremendous thump which resounded through the steel
built hull. In what seemed like a slight lull in the wind, Jim pulled his life
jacket from the cockpit locker and made Sally wear it. He realised he should
wear one too but the spare was in the forward locker. Telling Sally to hold the
wheel and to keep the heading just slightly south of west, he went below. It
took a short while to find and don the spare but in that short time Sally
resolved to turn the boat and head for Bencarran.

It was a foolish move.  No sooner had she spun the wheel than a wave caught the
boat broadside on, tilting it to forty five degrees or more. Sally was thrown
off her feet into the after corner of the cockpit. Jim just about to emerge from
the hatchway, still had a firm grip on the stantions but never-the-less still
hit a bulkhead with some force. The "Gannet" very slowly righted herself but
shipped a lot of water before she did so. Fortunately the cockpit had a self
bailing system so the water slowly drained back to the sea. Jim leapt to the
wheel but before he could get his craft back to its proper heading the next
broadside wave hit. Again the boat tilted precariously near capsize. Water
poured over the gunnel lifting Sally and sweeping her overboard. Her cry went
unnoticed in the roar of the wind and water.

Before the next wave hit, Jim had managed to get the boat under control and was
about to gun the engine when out of the corner of his eye he noticed a bright
red lifejacket not inside the boat but rapidly drifting astern. Sally was only
visible for a second or two when both she and the boat crested a wave.

Jim slowed the engine to ticking over speed, just enough power to have keep
steerage way and the bow heading into the wind. With more windage than Sally,
the boat was blown slowly astern and the gap between the two closed. In the half
light it took all of Jim's seamanship skills to manoeuvre his craft close to the
girl. As the gap narrowed he held out a boat hook but Sally was too cold and
numb to grab. The boat slipped sideways and the gap opened again. When the two
closed Jim caught the hook in her lifejacket and dragged her to the side. She
was going to be extremely heavy to lift aboard but fate this time did lend a
hand. Having no one at the wheel the "Gannet" veered off the wind, wallowed and
tilted in a trough causing an further inrush of water into the boat and Sally
with it.

She lay where the water dumped her. Jim opened the throttle, set the heading for
Sula and warily fastened a loop over the wheel spoke. Pausing for only a few
moments to see if the boat maintained the correct heading, he half dragged, half
helped Sally into the cabin, sat her alongside the engine which was the warmest
place and covered her with an old blanket.

For the next half an hour his attention was devoted to getting the "Gannet" to
Sula in the shortest time. It was almost dark when they reached the slipway.
With practised ease he soon had the boat in its mooring cradle and hauled up the
slipway into the boat shed by the motorised winch.

Sally had hardly moved. Jim roused her, helped her on to the quayside before
returning to lock away his filming gear. Normally he would have taken it to the
house but he too was soaking wet and cold. He was about to jump from the cockpit
when he spied the riding crop, remarkably still hooked into the nook he had
placed. Tucking it under his arm, he helped Sally along the shingle path into
the house.



The house was larger than most typical crofters cottages but was still stone
built with thick walls and small windows. Only one storey high, it sat snug to
the ground. Gale force winds would pass over it without inflicting any damage to
the structure.

Even with Jim's supporting arm around her, Sally shivered almost uncontrollably.
A wisp of smoke from the chimney caught her eye. She prayed it was warm inside.
And indeed it was. Jim had backed the fire with peat before leaving and had shut
the dampers. Now he opened them, added more peat and soon the fire was roaring
away.

"Get those wet clothes off, Sal." He went into a side room which Sally found
later to be the bathroom and brought a Terry cloth dressing gown and two towels.
Sally's fingers were numb and her efforts to remove the lifejacket and outer
clothing were not having any effect. Jim came to her assistance while at the
same time starting to remove his own wet clothing. Outer garments were spread
around chairs to drip and dry, sweaters, shirts and trousers were hung over the
drying horse hanging from the ceiling.

Sally's shivering had abated somewhat now she was feeling the warmth from the
hearth. "How much further is he going?" she thought. In a futile effort to save
her modesty she tried to hold her hands across her breasts but she felt so tired
and her arms heavy, it was only seconds before they dropped to her side. Without
a pause, Jim removed her bra and knickers noting as he did so that she was
wearing a panty liner. These too were draped over the drying rails along with
his underpants.

Both now naked, Jim gave Sally a towel and proceeded to dry her back vigorously.
Starting at the neck her worked down the back, reaching her armpits he worked
under the arms and cupping Sally's breasts began rubbing them also.

"Don't! Don't touch me," Sally stuttered. "I'm not a whore."

"Maybe not but you are now my personal live in maid, Sal, and as such I will rub
you wherever I wish, whenever and however I wish for the next week," growled
Jim. "You've caused more than enough trouble already. You must to learn to do
what you are told. So far today, you have nearly killed yourself twice and me
once. This week you are going to learn to do exactly as you are told!"

"Bastard! You forced me into this!"

"No," replied Jim, "You brought this on yourself as my face will testify." He
continued rubbing down Sally's body paying particular attention to the area
between her legs giving scant attention to her pathetic pleas "Nooo, don't." It
had been some years since any man had touched her there. Sally wanted to slap
his face again or kick his cock as it bobbed in her vision but felt too weak
from her ordeal and uncertain as to what he would do to her in return. For some
reason his quiet, cold commands held more power over her than her blustering
father's shouted orders. She wasn't able to exert any control over him.

Satisfied she was dry, Jim finished his inspection of her body. She was quite
tall, mousy haired and had fairly small breasts. He passed her the Terry robe
and finished drying himself in front of her. She had to stand and watch,
embarrassed and blushing at the sight of his well endowed cock swinging with his
movements. After its cold spell, warm blood was returning and the shaft started
to stiffen.

Jim went to the airing cupboard and returned wearing an old dressing gown. He
slipped his feet into a pair of slippers that were warming under the hearth
realised that Sally was still barefoot and would soon be feeling the cold of the
stone floor. He found an old pair of moccasins, too big but the lacing might
just pull them tight enough to stay on her feet. The fur lining would keep the
chill away.

Dry now, Sally began to take notice of her surroundings. It was a typical
cottage room with black metal stove, on which she could now smell a stew of some
sort cooking. A cluttered table stood in the middle of the floor with four
wooden chairs three of which were covered in books and papers, a sideboard
against one wall. Two armchairs were arranged by the fireside only one was free
of paper and video tapes. A settee matching the chairs stood along one wall.
Again it was covered with paper and other items. It seemed every available space
elsewhere, was filled with boat bits, video items and innumerable pieces of what
could only be termed 'junk'. Jim clearly didn't expect visitors.

Jim gathered the items from the second armchair and dumped them on the floor to
clear a space for Sally to sit. He went to a side room and Sally heard him pee.
"The loo is in there, when you want to use it" He indicated the open door. Sally
was near bursting. She soon found why he didn't close the door. One hinge was
broken and the door propped up on a wedge. "Sorry about the door," he called, "I
was going to fix it one of these days."

Sally heard a clattering of pans on the stove, realised Jim wasn't watching her
and relieved herself. Returning she saw the kettle was boiling and Jim was
making mugs of tea. At Bencarran she would never accepted tea in anything but a
china cup complete with saucer, here she accepted the mug almost gratefully.

"You better phone your father to let him know you are safe." Jim moved a picture
aside, revealing a combination lock wall safe. Opening it he removed a key and
used it to open another door in the room. "Odd,." thought Sally, "Why such
security?" The room, originally a second bedroom, was full of high tech video
editing and computer equipment.

"Ian McCraig."

"Jim Carruthers. Just phoning to let you know your daughter is safe and is
staying with me on Sula."

"How? Why? Is she alright? Let me talk to her."

"One question at a time and its too long a story but she is fine, a couple of
small bruises, that's all. She has agreed to stay here for a week to train as a
maid. That will give you a breathing space at Bencarran."

"I don't believe it," spluttered Ian McCraig, "Let me talk to her."

Jim handed Sally the phone and left the room. "You have five minutes," he said,
"Then you can set the table for dinner." He didn't cover the mouthpiece when he
gave her the instruction so her father heard it as well.

From his position at the stove Jim could tell Sally was a little flustered. Her
comments were brief, loud and had a bitter edge to them. She finished with, "No
you don't. I can bloody well look after myself!" Half a minute later she put the
phone down.

"Everything okay?" Jim enquired. Sally turned to glare at him but just looking
at his swollen face and closed eye shocked her into silence. "Victor just
arrived home. They were going to send out search parties then he wanted to
scramble a rescue helicopter to bring me back ...."

"That's when you said you could look after yourself," Jim finished for her, "You
may not think that a wise decision later. I promised you a tenfold punishment
and that you will get."




Chapter 3. Punished

"You are not really going to punish me are you?" Sally looked at him with
disbelief.

"You'd better believe it Sal. I'm not suffering this pain without getting some
pay-back. What did you father say when you told him you were going to stay?"

"Bastard said to stay as long as I wanted. If I stayed away long enough perhaps
the cook would reconsider leaving." She then had to relate the lunchtime episode
to Jim.

Although laying a table was not a chore she would have normally performed the
task was not an onerous one. At Bencarran the 'everyday' cutlery would have nice
bone handles and the plates were matched bone china. Here it was stainless steel
and an assortment of stoneware. She set two places on opposite sides of the
table. The smell emanating from stove was making her feel very hungry. A plain
ordinary stew. Mrs. Simpson would not have dared serve that to her at Bencarran.
Here she knew there was no choice and besides she had already refused lunch and
had missed breakfast. Sally was starving.

Jim ladled stew into two bowls and cut chunks of bread from a newly baked loaf
and placed them on a plate between them. No side plates. No butter. Sally
thought better not complain, it might be taken from her. Without any formality,
Jim used a spoon to tuck into his stew. Sally soon followed his example. It was
delicious although she decided not to tell him so. Living on his own, he'd
learned to cook food they way he liked it. Plain, simple and wholesome.

Conversation during the meal was minimal. Each time Sally looked up she saw
Jim's face and the welt she had made across it. Inside she regretted having lost
her temper, outwardly she tried to show a hint of defiance. After finishing the
stew, Jim made a another pot of tea. Sally would have preferred freshly ground
coffee but she wisely kept quiet. Cupping the mug to warm her hands, Sally
looked once again at Jim's face. She couldn't keep her eyes off it. "Jim,
please, I am very sorry for what I did. Will you forgive me and let me go home
tomorrow? Please."

"No!" The sharp if not loud reply brought a swift angry reaction from Sally. Her
hand flew up and the blow would have again caught Jim across the face had he not
parried it in time.

"You bloody bastard," Sally spat at him. But Jim didn't wait for any further
remarks. Quickly he folded the arm behind Sally's back forcing her breasts down
to the table. Her other arm was soon alongside it. Sally could feel the pain as
he forced her arms upwards. She started to yell at him but a further jerk on her
arms and a quiet, "Shut up" from Jim silenced her for the time being. She could
tell from his voice that he was now very angry indeed and in no mood to be
trifled with. Dragging her to a corner of the room where fishing gear was
stored, he grabbed the end of a warp to a hoop net, wound it round Sally's
wrists and knotted it tightly. It was a temporary device until her could find
more suitable fastenings but it would keep her under control for a while. He was
determined that nothing would stop him giving her the hiding she so richly
deserved.

"Basta........" Sally stopped abruptly when she saw the reel of packaging tape
in Jim's hand. "Noooo.........."

"Okay Sally, either you are quiet or I ensure that you are with this tape. You
have tried my patience enough for one day. First you risk your horse by going
out in appalling weather, then you ride on my land and when your horse throws
you because you didn't dismount and lead him down the slope, you slash my face
and when I try to take you to safety you almost drown all of us. Totally
irresponsible behaviour. Now, instead of showing real remorse for your actions
you further try and attack me. Pay-back time. Painful pay-back time. I can
assure you that as long as my face shows signs of your actions, then you will
not be able to sit comfortably, that is unless I see genuine signs that you are
mending you ways and you stop behaving like a total bitch."

"Noooo......... Please......" Sally started to say again but stopped when the
tape was held closer to her face.

Jim put the tape to one side. If the girl did yell it wouldn't matter. No one
would hear her. It was merely that her snide remarks annoyed him. Donning an
overcoat over the dressing gown he went outside to the converted barn that was
now his store and found a coil of cotton rope that he'd bought for the sheets of
his sailing dinghy. It was soft to the hands but very strong. Ideal for
restraining a bad tempered woman.

Returning to Sally he bound her ankles but left about 18 inches of rope between
them so she could walk with small steps but the hobble wouldn't allow her to
run. Undoing the warp he removed the dressing gown. Except for the moccasins she
was naked before him. Jim bound her wrists in front of her body. "Please don't
do this. Please." Sally kept begging fearing she would really be hurt this time
and her only hope was appealing to his better nature if he had one. There was
little chance of that and she knew it. For once she really had gone too far.

"Perhaps one day you will thank me for what I am going to do but it certainly
won't be today. Maybe you'll never change and continue to be disliked by
everyone. I hope you will change but only you can do that. My method of
persuasion may or may not work. Either way I don't care. I shall thrash you and
I may even enjoy doing it and fucking you afterwards. So often you've had others
totally under your control and have done despicable things to them. Now the boot
is on the other foot."

Near the window of the room stood a small woodwork bench. Jim cleared the wooden
pole for a new beam trawl he was making, swept the surface and led Sally to it.
Sally now even more fearful, cried and pleaded, promising to be good, promising
anything to avoid the punishment that was obviously coming. Punishment she was
powerless to avoid. Humiliation she was powerless to avoid.

"You're wasting your breath, Sal. You deserve what you are going to get. It is
going to be a painful experience. Hellishly painful but perhaps afterwards you
might find you have learned something from it. You might begin to realise how
much you have hurt others over the years. And don't think I am going to be like
some fabled schoolmaster who said 'This is going to hurt me more than you, lad,'
as he delivered six of the best. I may enjoy seeing the stripes appear on your
arse and hearing your screams. I will then know I am getting my pay-back in
full."

Pushing Sally over the bench he tied her ankles to two of the bench legs and
then stretched her arms along the bench top and fastened them. Jim rubbed his
hands over the globes of Sally's arse and along the crack of her cunt. "Nice
Sal, cold but nice. But soon they will be much warmer. Perhaps we ought to have
some before and after pictures. You'd like a record of the event for later I'm
sure." Sally had no say in the matter. Jim went into the 'lab' and returned with
a digital camera and took a square on shot of her bare bum with her cuntal
charms well displayed. He showed her the result on the screen display. "That's
the before picture," he said.

"Don't! Please!"

"You are probably wondering just what I am going to do to you," Jim continued.
"On the shore at Bencarran Head I said I would pay you back tenfold for the
slash across my face so I will put ten slashes with the crop across arse not
your face. First though I will give the whole area a good warming with a slipper
to punish you for your behaviour in the boat and at table." Jim removed one of
the moccasins from Sally's feet and brought it down smartly on her bare arse.
CRACK!

The pain was intense. Sally screamed. Jim was a wiry man used to manual work and
he put all his considerable arm power into the stroke. Never in her life had she
been punished like this. And it was only the first hit. Others followed in quick
succession until both cheeks were on fire. Sally screamed, cried, pleaded. All
to no avail.

Brrrrr. Brrrrr. Brrrrr. Brrrrr. Brrrrr. "Damn the phone," thought Jim as he
answered it, "I should have turned it off." "Oh Hello Gertrude. I don't think
your daughter will want to speak to you at the moment. She's sort of tied up and
receiving what you and your husband should have given her years ago. Yes, I am
smacking her, listen." Jim laid the phone on its side while he went and brought
the slipper down again. An ear splitting yell from Sally confirmed what was
happening. Returning to the phone he replied to Gertrude's statment, "I can't do
that to your daughter? Sorry. I can and I am and I've hardly started yet.
....No, I won't permanently harm her but she won't sit comfortably for a bit.
What did she do?" Jim listed the catalogue of Sally's misdeeds. For a few
moments there was silence at the other end of the phone and Jim took the
opportunity to terminate the conversation. "Look I am going to turn the phone
off now. Call sometime after nine tomorrow morning and you can speak to her
direct. Bye."

Jim returned to his task. Soon though he noticed the swats didn't produce
further screams, only prolonged sobbing. Rubbing his rough hands over the
tenderised flesh he continued on between her legs until he found her cunt. He
felt her flinch as he first massaged and then nipped her clit. Despite the pain
her vagina was moist but not wet. Opening his gown, Jim rubbed the head of his
hardened cock along her cuntal lips for a few minutes before he slowly pushed
his way inside. Sally was very tight. He wondered if she was a virgin but even
if she wasn't she obviously hadn't had many men. Pushing his way in to the full
length of his prick, he decided her virginity had gone, whether by a man or just
horse riding he didn't know. It didn't matter.

Stroking his cock in and out of her cunt, he allowed lust to take over. It
didn't matter any longer that she was screaming again. Didn't matter that with
every thrust his body hit her sore arse. He thrust on until he came, rested for
a short while and then withdrew.

Walking to her head end on the bench he touched her lips with the tip of his
cock and deposited a small amount of semen on them. He didn't dare at this stage
to put it in her mouth. That would have risked serious injury. She would get a
taste of his spunk though. It would humiliate her further.

Reaching for the camera he took a second photo and showed her but the tears
blurred the image.

"Let me up now, please," Sally sobbed, "I can't take any more."

"You can and you will. That was only part one." Jim went to the entrance porch
and removed the riding crop from the peg where he hung it on their arrival.
"Part two." He held the crop in front of the terrified woman's face.

"Nooo! You'll kill me."

Jim laid the first stroke centrally across both arse cheeks. He didn't dare hit
the already tender and swollen flesh too hard. He didn't wish to draw blood.
Still the crop made a satisfying 'Thwack' as it landed. He repeated the stroke
lower. The next higher until ten strokes crossed the entire arse area.

Sally thought she should have passed out. How could anyone be so cruel. He was a
maniac. She didn't deserve this, did she? Through her sobbing and screams she
heard him say, "That's part two over. Parts three, four, five and more will be
given as and when required." She couldn't take any more, she just couldn't. She
would have to kill herself. Why doesn't he release my now? Her mind was
confused. Her arse was so terribly sore and swollen. She had been raped. Why go
on living? She closed her eyes to try and shut out the horror. It only
heightened her feeling of helplessness. She saw Jim take the camera again.
"He'll gloat over them for years to come," she thought.

Jim wetted a towel with cold water and laid it over her flaming bum. He left it
there for a few minutes and then replaced it with another, then a further one.
Finally he sat by her head. "Sally, I am going to release you shortly. That is
all the punishment you need have for your whole time here, but if your behaviour
earns you more then I will not hesitate to give it to you. For the next week you
are going to have to come to terms with being a properly behaved, subservient
maid. Do you understand?"

Sally nodded, she couldn't trust herself to speak and waited while he untied her
wrists from the bench. They were still bound together and Jim left them that
way. She tried to lift he body from the bench but was ordered to lie still while
her legs were released from the bench. She did. Having untied her completely
from the bench, Jim placed an arm under her breasts and helped her up.

Moving for Sally, was slow and painful. Her buttock muscles screamed with each
mincing step. Jim laid her face down on the bed and folded a blanket over her
bare back and another over her legs to keep her reasonably warm while exposing
her fiery posterior to the cool air. "Lie there while I do the dishes, and then
I'll make some more tea and bring you a couple of Anadin's which may help to
relieve the pain a little. Actually," Jim laughed, "It is really your job as
maid to do the dishes but I'll let you off this time." Impulsively he bent and
kissed her cheek.

Bringing in the tea a quarter of an hour later he asked, "Can I trust you to
behave if I remove the bindings? Through her sobbings he received a whispered,
"Yes." He released her hands and then her feet. Almost immediately she gingerly
touched her backside and then looked at her hands to make sure she wasn't
bleeding.

"I haven't cut you and there are no marks that won't disappear in a week or two
or three but it might be a while before you will want to ride Victor," Jim told
her. She took the Anadin's and drank her tea partially laying on her side. There
were still tears in her eyes but the sobbing slowly more or less ceased.

"You should have let me drown. You would have saved yourself a lot of trouble
and I would have died without suffering. No one would have mourned me. No one
seems to like me. And all you want me for is for housework and fucking. You
don't want me as a person." Sally started crying again this time more from self
pity than pain.

"Sal, do you like yourself?" The question took her by surprise.

"Not really. I suppose."

"Perhaps in the morning we should take a look at why you don't like yourself. If
you understand that, then you may well find a way of changing it. I know at the
moment you hate my guts and you probably think I hate yours. Oddly enough I
believe that underneath that spiteful exterior of yours there is a decent
person. One that wants to come out but is being imprisoned by the personality
you have built around it." Sally didn't believe him but didn't bother arguing.

"I'm going to do some computer work now, Sal. You can lie here or get up as you
wish but you are not to leave the house. It's dark outside and the paths are
dangerous if you don't know the way. You are free to go anywhere in the house,
provided you behave yourself. I don't think I have to spell out what will happen
if you don't."

A hour later, Sally got up. She needed to use the loo but had put it off as long
as she dared. It would be too painful to walk, and very much too painful to sit
so she tried supporting herself on her hands. Jim heard the cistern flush and
looked at her as she returned to he bed. "Come in here, Sal." She was shaking as
she went to him, half believing she was to be beaten again. "It's okay, you've
done nothing wrong. I just wanted a look at your arse. Turn round." Jim tenderly
touched the sore area. "In the bathroom cabinet you will find a large tube of
Agriflex. Warm it a little by the fire and then I will put some on for you. It
may help to ease the soreness a little. I didn't equip myself with medication
for this sort of situation."

By the fire he made her lean over the back of an armchair while he knelt behind
her. Before applying the cream he kissed her arse cheeks several times and then
her cunt. She squealed as his lips touched her sore flesh but otherwise allowed
him to do it without complaint. Jim cleared the settee and moved it nearer the
fire and had Sally lie down where she wouldn't need covering but would still be
warm enough.

Outside the rain fell in torrents driven by gale force winds. There would be no
filming or collecting specimens in the morning. Still he had plenty of inside
work that needed catching up on. Looking at Sally lying there with her arse
exposed to the air, he wondered how she would sleep that night with the duvet
pressing down on it. Suddenly he jumped up and proceeded to find a couple of
boards which he G cramped to the sides of the bed. Draping the sheet and duvet
over these would raise them from the bed at the sides and if he slept close, his
body would help the minimise the pressure. Sally was somewhat sceptical when he
told her and sharply suggested it was more likely he would be on top of her,
shagging her silly. "No," Jim answered, "I shall fuck you before we go to bed so
that should see me though until the morning."

At 10 p.m. Jim toasted bread by the fire and made hot chocolate. They were
things Sally would not have had at Bencarran but here it just seemed natural and
fitting. Afterwards he bent her over the armchair again and examined her rear.
It was beginning to change to multi-coloured blotches. Sally kept her legs
together this time but soon was made to part them. Guessing she could do nothing
top stop him she resigned herself to what was coming. Jim kissed her arse again
and again gradually working to her cunt lips and thence to her clit. He sucked
and teased the nub until, despite not wanting to, Sally became very aroused. Her
opening dripped moisture. Inserting his prick, this time with the lubrication
and having been opened a few hours before, it went in easily. He fucked her
gently, wanting her to get at least a little enjoyment from the experience. Try
as she might, Sally could not stop the pleasant sensations that swept through
the lower part of her body. Her half suppressed moans were of pleasure rather
than pain although when Jim did thrust right home a jolt went right through her
body. He tried not to but occasionally both their movements combined and they
collided. It took longer this time for him to spurt forth his seed but that only
meant more pleasure for them both although if asked, Sally would have denied any
pleasure element.

It was a restless night for both of them. Jim did not often have female visitors
and a combination of sleeping in a strange bed with a man and having to try and
sleep face down kept Sally awake long into the night. Jim slept close to her and
for a while put his arm across her back and tickled the side of her breast.
Again she tried not to like the sensation but just pretended to accept it. The
wind driven rain rattled the windows but she was used to that at Bencarran.




Chapter 4. To work

Sally awoke to the smell of bacon frying. Outside it was still dark and the wind
still howled. but the light was on in the kitchen. She pretended to sleep
because she didn't want to show herself or to move the muscles in her arse.
Overnight they had stiffened up and it was going to be painful to start the
moving again. Unfortunately her bladder told her otherwise. A small cry escaped
her lips as she tried to sit up in bed. Jim flipped on the light as he looked
in. "Mornin' Sal. Still tender?"

Sally tried to cover her bare breasts with her arms. She wanted to answer, "Of
course they are, bastard!" but bit it back and croaked "Morning" in reply. Jim
moved her arms out of the way and kissed her breasts and suckled her nipples.

"You don't have to cover them, you know. Your tits are lovely."

Sally blushed. "Please Jim, I need to ........" "Piss," Jim added. He
deliberately used the crudest terms to unsettle the girl, to let her know who
was in charge. He kissed her directly on the lips. Sally tried to pull back but
Jim placed his hand behind her head. When he pulled away she noticed the scar
shaped welt on his face had turned and ugly blue green colour. It looked awful
and no doubt was very painful but at least his eye was half open today.

"Take a good look at it Sal," Jim ordered and pointing to his face continued,
"This is why you are here. This is why you have a sore arse and this is why you
are mine for the next week." He kissed her full on the lips again then her tits
before helping her out of bed. As she walked to the bathroom he noticed the
colour of her bum was not too unlike that of his face. "Your arse matches my
face," he quipped. Sally held back the first cutting remark that came into her
head and just ignored the comment.

After hearing the toilet flush, Jim walked in the bathroom with a dressing gown
for her, found a new toothbrush and showed her how to use the water heater over
the sink. "Sorry," he said, "I've only men's toiletries but no doubt you can
make do for the time being. When you've finished come out and have breakfast and
then we'll sort out your work for the morning."

"I can't work when I am in so much pain! What time is it?"

"About seven. You probably don't often have your eyes open at this hour."

"Are you really going to make me work when I am so sore?"

"It's no good keeping a dog and barking yourself!"

"Is that what you think of me? Your pet dog? You bast...... Ooooowww!" Sally
jumped as she felt Jim's hand connect with her arse.

"No, I don't think of you as a pet. You're a person but one who needs some
training in the social skills of life. I suspect people have tried being nice to
you but you repulsed them. Now, I have a chance to try the punishment way.
Really it doesn't matter to me whether it works or not as long as I get my own
back for what you did to my face. Revenge if you like. As I said last night, as
long as my face is sore, so will be your arse. And for this week you will be my
maid, ready, if not willing to serve all my needs. Any misdemeanours will be
punished one way or another. Make no mistake about that. I shall show you no
mercy if there is any repetition of yesterday. Instead of being the high and
mighty Miss Sally McCraig of Bencarran, here you are plain Sal, the humble
servant. However, I do hope that by the end of the week we can at least be
friends." He gave her a hug but she didn't respond. "Finish your washing and
come and have breakfast."

Over breakfast, the first she had eaten for many months, she noticed her
clothing was in the washing machine. Obviously he didn't want her wearing
clothes today. Was he going to keep her naked or just allow the dressing gown.
Would he fuck her again? She felt she ought to be disgusted but at the same time
she was slightly thrilled by the thought.

Like at dinner last night they sat opposite each other. Jim brought a pillow
from the bedroom and placed it on the chair but Sally still found it
uncomfortable to sit and lifted herself every few minutes. He placed a mug of
tea in front of her. "Do you have coffee?" Sally asked. It was all she would
normally have for breakfast.

"I think there is half a jar of instant in the back of the cupboard that Janie
left. I'll see if I can find it if you would like." At least she asked.

"No, tea will do. I'm not keen on instant coffee." Who was Janie she wondered
but didn't ask.

Jim watched her. Occasionally as she leant forward and he caught glimpses of her
breasts. It caused his cock to harden but he waited until she'd finished her tea
before standing and opening his dressing gown. "You first job this morning is to
take care of this."

Sally half expected something like this to happen but couldn't stop herself
resisting. "I'm not your whore!" Almost immediately she regretted the outburst.
Jim grabbed her arm and dragged her into the bedroom, stripped off her gown and
flung her face down on the bed. Holding her down he said, "You've got a choice.
Either turn over now and open your legs or I give your arse another warming." To
emphasise he would carry out his threat, he brought his hand down smartly on her
sore butt.

"No, please, please, I beg you. Don't hit me again."

"Turn over then."

Slowly and painfully she rolled over. Jim opened her legs as wide as possible,
bent down and started kissing her cunt and teasing and nibbling her clitoris.
For the second time Sally couldn't overcome her desires. Her efforts to just lie
there passive and not give him the satisfaction of arousing her went overboard.
She writhed under his ministrations, "You bastard, you bastard," she whispered
but for once there was no venom in her voice.

Jim raised himself and climbed on her body ready to insert his rampant cock.
Sally cried out as the weight of his body pressed her arse to the bed but she
didn't resist. Indeed she really wanted him inside her although she tried not to
show it. He entered and started pounding away, trying to excite her as well as
himself. Soon Sally found herself responding and her whispered "You bastard,"
changed to "Oh my God. Yes, yes, yesssss." It wasn't long before his seed
flooded her womb. They lay there for a while just holding each other, their
sweat mingling.

Suddenly Sally had a thought "Was he?..." "Jim? God! You're trying make me
pregnant? Is it part of your plan to further punish and humiliate me? To control
me?" Her mind began to draw unwarranted conclusions. "Yes, I can see now. You
are a real bastard. You make me preggers and everyone will know that I gave
myself to you. Or you raped me. That's it. I'll just have to scream rape when I
get back. If I ever do and you don't tip me in the sea first....." The words
tumbled out in one long stream. Her mind so used to seeing the worst in people
thought up the worst possible scenario.

Jim pressed his lips to hers to stifle the words before they increased in
velocity and vehemence. Lifting his head he stopped her continuing by placing a
finger across her lips. "Sal, yesterday, when I undressed you, you were wearing
a panty liner. That means you just finished a period and shouldn't be fertile
for about another 10 days. Certainly you should be okay for a week. If you want
us to continue after then I still have a large box of condoms in the bedside
drawer that I bought for Janie's visit. So no, I am definitely NOT trying to
give you a baby. Its just that having a girl here makes me horny and when she's
naked even hornier, but pregnancy would be too much of an undue complication."

"Oh God, no!" Sally groaned, "No, no, no!!!"

"What's wrong now?"

"My period was over a week ago! I could be......"

"But the panty liner?"

"Don't ask!"

Jim was mystified for a few minutes then asked, "You wear them when you go
riding?"

"I said, don't ask"

"The extra pressure on your cunt stimulates you."

"I said don't ask. It's nothing to do with you." Sally felt ashamed at being
found out but didn't want to admit it. "You are just trying to humiliate more
and more than rub my nose in the muck."

"No, Sal, that I am not. At least now I know you are not frigid or as sexually
cold as you would have everyone believe. You have feelings and that is a good
sign. But more importantly at the moment, when exactly was your period.?"

"'Bout a week ago."

"If that is the case there is a good chance you won't become pregnant but we
will need to take precautions from now on. I'm sorry I didn't before but I
thought there shouldn't be a problem. You also have two more holes I can try!
Come on, its time for you to get up and do the dishes. First though we had
better find you some clothes otherwise I will be raping you every five minutes!"

Sally was a couple of inches shorter than Jim and of slender build but they
found a pair of trousers, a shirt and a sweater that, while very baggy, covered
her. "I look like a hippie now," she uttered when she saw herself in the mirror.

Jim started her working. At first she resented the simple menial tasks but
warmed to it when she found he left her alone and she could think back on the
events of the previous day. Twenty-four hours ago she was still in her own bed
ignorant of what was to befall her. Now he had given her instructions as though
she were a hired help. "As you can see I am not very fussy about tidiness but I
do like clean mugs and plates so always wash up after a meal. After you've done
the dishes, you can clean the eating area but leave all the fishing stuff
alone."

The phone rang soon after nine. "How's my daughter?" Ian McCraig enquired.

"She'll be okay."

"Did you hurt her?"

"Yes, of course I did. Look, I'll pass the phone to her and she can tell you
herself if she wants to."

Passing the phone he whispered, "Be polite."

"Morning daddy. Is mummy on the extension?" Hearing that she was they all
exchanged pleasantries and comments on the weather before he asked how badly she
hurt. "Let's just say, I have to think twice about sitting down." She refused to
be drawn further on the matter.

"Has he er er ........?" her father asked before she butted in with, "Has he
raped me? You should know better than to ask a question like that!" Sally
snapped back but when should caught Jim's eye, she said, "Sorry daddy, but I am
old enough now to sleep with a man if I wish to without having to be questioned
about it."

"I still don't know how you allowed yourself to go to Sula," Gertrude asked.

"I had no other real choice, mummy but now I am here I am staying for a week."

"Why didn't he bring you home by boat?"

"Weather was too bad but perhaps I'll tell you more about that later."

"But why not come back as soon as the wind drops?" Gertrude persisted, "Why wait
a week?"

"I promised. I have my reasons. Now if you don't mind, I must get on, I have
work to do. Bye for now."

"That must be the first time she has ever used that excuse," her father said to
his wife as he put down the phone.

Jim worked in the lab video taping crab zooea through the microscope. Each time
he glanced through to the lounge Sally appeared to be working. She tried tidying
up one of the side tables and was puzzled over the many odd pieces of equipment
she found. At 10.30 Jim called, "Make us some tea, Sal, please." Sally did so
and took a mug through to the lab for him. Sally stood fascinated by the
peculiar creature that was jerking its way across the computer screen. Without
the microscope all she could see was something about the size of a pin head yet
magnified until it almost filled the screen it had eyes and peculiar long
structures like swords projecting from the front and back of what she termed its
head. Jim explained that it was the young form of a crab which Sally couldn't
believe so he spent the rest of the morning explaining the life cycle of various
marine animals to her. He knew she had a love of animals but her interest in
such lowly creatures was unexpected. Before they knew it, it was lunchtime.

By then the skies had cleared somewhat although it was still blowing a gale. Jim
took Sally to the old boathouse where in the cool he had several marine aquaria
set up with brilliant displays of sea anemones, brittle stars and prawns all
caught locally. Sally had difficulty in walking not only because of her sore bum
muscles but the rock path was slippery and she only had riding boots to wear.

Jim's attitude seemed to change abruptly when they returned to the house. He
curtly ordered Sally to prepare dinner. "There are two pork chops and frozen
peas in the freezer and potatoes are in the bottom of the hallway cupboard."
Sally found the items and then looked bewildered. She had little idea on how to
prepare food.

"Get on with it girl," Jim barked, "How do you ever expect to keep a man without
being able to feed him? Do you think you will have servants for the rest of your
life?".

Weeping from his onslaught, Sally had to admit not having much idea of preparing
a meal. She was very annoyed at his changed attitude. This morning and afternoon
he had become friendly. Now he was a tyrant. She was tempted to reply and tell
him to cook his own meal but remembered what the consequences might be.

Jim continued to harry and chivvy her throughout the cooking process but in the
end they had a reasonably serviceable meal. After which she was ordered to make
haste and get dishes done. Teary eyed, she finally finished and poured the water
away.

"Sit here," Jim ordered. He put his arm around her and said quietly, "Did you
enjoy cooking for me?"

She shook her head, no.

"Why?" When she hesitated to reply he added, "You can tell me honestly."

"You were a bastard. I didn't know what to do and you kept bullying me. You
could have shown me."

"Sal, could you see yourself in me? How often have you bullied others like that?
Your servants? The cook? The few friends you seem to have? Your parents? Do you
now see some truth in the adage, 'do unto others as you would have them do unto
you?'

Sally hung her head. He was right. But could she change? Did she really want to
be nice to others and would they respect her if she was? Part of her wanted to
try and that part would have precedence this week because of the fear of another
hiding but what would happen when she returned home? They would expect her to be
her old objectionable self.

They sat quietly together in front of the fire. Suddenly Sally remembered a
question she wanted to ask earlier, "Who is Janie?"

"Janie is or rather was, a sexpot lab technician when I was a manager. I think,
in fact I know, she wanted to use her charms to seduce me into promoting her or
even marrying. She jumped at the chance of an Easter weekend here on Sula. For
the first couple of days we had brilliant weather and she didn't seem too
unhappy but like the other day, a storm came and we were marooned for four days.
She was a town girl and quickly missed the amenities and became very bored and
miserable at being cooped up here and not even able to go outdoors. She had no
interest in my hobby but made up for it with her sexual appetite. She did get
promoted but not by me. She actually married the CEO but it didn't last. She did
well out of the settlement though."

"Did she do it in her other holes?" Sally blushed as she asked.

"Yes. Are you interested in finding out why?"

"I don't know. I've read about blowjobs and anal sex and seen pictures on the
Internet but never thought I would even think about doing it except when lying
in bed unable to sleep."

"And you were playing with yourself," laughed Jim. Again Sally blushed but
didn't deny it. "Sal, I've have already eaten your cunt, so a blowjob from you
would be nice. Or maybe you would like us to do it together in the 69 position."

"I don't know if I want to."

"Okay, then. Maid! Kneel between my legs." Jim opened his trousers in front of
her. Sally had of course seen and felt his cock before but not this close. Not
only could she see it clearly, she could smell its aroma. Jim placed her hands
around its shaft and made her gently massage it until it was fully engorged then
he guided her head towards it. She knew what she was expected to do and opened
her mouth to receive his hardness. It didn't taste unpleasant so as her
confidence grew she sucked more vigorously as he thrust in and out of her mouth.
When he stopped thrusting and his cocked spasmed on it own she knew he was going
to cum. Did she dare remove her mouth? No, he wouldn't like that. Too late! His
seed was spurting to the back of her throat. Again she noted the taste wasn't
unpleasant. She swallowed and licked the cock clean before he withdrew.

"Thanks, that was great dear. You sure you haven't done it before?" Sally
assured him it was the first time. "Well I do hope its not the last," Jim
laughed.

"Depends on whether you order your live-in maid to do it," came the reply. She
couldn't understand why this man should sexually stimulate her like he did but
decided to just let it happen. For the first time in her life she was letting a
man dominate her.




Chapter 5. Home and back

On their fourth day, the wind had calmed to a gentle breeze so immediately after
breakfast Jim decided to take the boat to Tarpin and get some supplies. "Do you
want to come? If we leave shortly we should have time to drive to Bencarran for
lunch and get back to Tarpin around 4 p.m. in time to get the tide back" Sally
nodded affirmatively. "I would of course have to trust you not to renege on your
promise of a week with me but it would give you a chance to get a few of the
things a woman seems to need and some decent shoes and working clothes."

Sally was not too sure about going home. Her arse was still tender and she had
to be gentle about sitting down on a hard chair. Jim's face was still a dreadful
colour but the swelling had gone and both eyes would open. She voiced her
opinions and added that Jim was not exactly the flavour of the month with her
parents at the best of times. Jim of course knew of their resentment to his
grandfather's purchase of their land. "Look," he said, "We'll phone them from
Tarpin after we have bought what we need, then we can either go on or come back
in the boat."

On Tarpin quay they joked for a while with some of Jim's fisherman friends. They
were amazed he had the McCraig girl with him. "Whereja pick her up?" one asked.
"She fell and my feet on Bencarran Head," was all they got from Jim. Robert
quipped, "Knowing the ladies you bring here, it wasn't your feet she fell at!"
They ragged Jim on his face saying amateur fisherman shouldn't be allowed to
handle real fishing nets but it was all good humoured. Sally, while embarrassed,
smiled.

Roderick from the stores, who knew Jim well and Sally by sight, was somewhat
surprised when they came in together. He commented on Jim's face and once more
the tale of a warp snapping and springing back was recounted. He was even more
surprised when Sally asked if should could add a couple of items. "I can pay you
for them when we get to Bencarran," Sally said. Roderick agreed to keep the
items until they picked them up later. Jim had to visit a couple of ship
chandlers for other purchases but by 10.30 they were ready for the half hour
drive to the McCraig's. "Shall we go or not?" Jim asked, "It's your decision."

"Yes, I'd like to get some things from home. I'm getting some funny looks which
could be because of I'm wearing your trousers!"

Jim phoned and left a message on the answering machine. Mrs. Simpson must have
picked up the message because she greeted them. "Your parents are at the
Sutherland's but I phoned them and they will be back shortly." Her tone was
courteous but cold. "I suppose I shall have to cook lunch now." Her remarks were
directed largely at Sally. Jim stepped forward and for the first time the cook
saw his face. "She do that?" she enquired looking again at Sally. Sally hung her
head and cook knew she was right.

"Just a little accident." Jim shrugged off the comment. "Sal, lets go to the
kitchen and make some tea and you can help cook prepare something to eat until
your parents get here."

"If you don't mind Sir, I would rather not have her in the kitchen," Cook piped
up.

"Mrs. Simpson, Kathrine, we WILL go into the kitchen and Sally WILL make tea and
WILL help prepare lunch. Just tell her where things are and what to do. Please.
She will not cause any trouble."

There was authority in his voice and Cook knew she had to concur so she just
snorted in a 'I'll believe that when I see it' way. On the way, Jim whispered to
Sally, "Behave yourself."

In the kitchen, Kathrine started to fill the kettle but Jim stopped her, "Sally
is in training as a maid all this week, she will do it. Please just tell her
where things are. She is quite able to make mugs of tea, but when it comes to
cooking, then its another matter, isn't that so Sal?"

Sally remembered her burnt efforts at poaching salmon the previous evening and
turned away. When the kettle was on, Sally went to sit on one of the high wooden
stools forgetting to sit gently and got up again rather quickly. Jim and
Kathrine laughed, Sally scowled.

"Go ahead Sal and tell Kathrine how you could poach salmon to a cinder."

"Please Jim, don't embarrass me like this. You know Mrs. Simpson does excellent
poached salmon. My efforts weren't quite up to her standard, that's all"

"What did you do wrong?" Kathrine enquired.

"I started cooking the salmon before the potatoes and forgot to check on it. So
it was quite dark and burned by the time I looked."

For once, Kathrine smiled. "We've all done it dear. There is no cook that has
never burnt a dinner. In my first job I nearly burned the whole kitchen down by
putting wet chips into the hot oil. The oil bubbled over and caught fire, fire
alarms went off, the brigade came and quickly put it out but there was one
helluva mess to clear up and we had to send all the customers home. I got sent
home too and it was a while before I got another job."

Sally made the tea and now the ice was broken they all sat round drinking and
chatting. Kathrine had never known Sally to be this convivial. It was obvious
Jim had taken her in hand and equally obviously had tanned her backside but
there was more to it than that. Kathrine was inquisitive. "Look," she said, "Why
don't we have poached salmon for lunch and I show you how to do it and give you
the recipe for the herbs and things I add?"

Ian and Gertrude arrived. They were not in a good mood. They should have been
playing bridge with the Sutherland's all afternoon but now they had to return,
all because of Sally and that Jim Carruthers. Damn the man. Why couldn't he make
an appointment? Damned girl! Always a pain in the arse. Couldn't even stay away
a week like she said she was.

Ian stormed into the drawing room and found it empty. The other main rooms were
empty too. Gertrude called out, "They're in the kitchen. I can hear them
laughing."

"Can't be them. Sally never goes into the kitchen except to complain and you
never hear her laughing." It shocked them to see the three drinking tea from
mugs. Always they and guests had china cups and saucers.

Gertrude ushered the pair into the drawing room but not before Sally has asked,
"How long will it  be before you start cooking Kathrine?"

"Mrs. Simpson to you," Gertrude snapped, but Kathrine answered, "About a quarter
of an hour." Gertrude didn't realise that Sally was to assist with the cooking.
She wrongly assumed she wanted to know when they were eating.

For the next fifteen minutes Jim and Sally tried to explain what had happened
omitting the sexual details and only when Gertrude bluntly asked did they admit
to sleeping together. Ian of course wanted to know how badly his daughter had
been hurt. Normally he couldn't have cared less but having to break from a card
game to see the man he detested for owning part of his estate irked him. On
learning she intended to return to Sula to work out her week long term as a maid
and despite the fact that Jim had twice saved his daughter's life and despite
knowing life at Bencarran was hell when Sally was there, neither Ian or Gertrude
wanted him to take her back with him. As they saw it, he would just be taking
another part of their property.

Sally flabbergasted the pair when she excused herself to go to the kitchen. For
the first time Gertrude noticed she was wearing man's trousers. They railed at
Jim for what he had supposedly done to their daughter but Jim kept his cool and
gave very little information away. He tried to explain they had only come so
Sally could pick up a few more suitable clothes for the rest of her stay. That
is if she decided to return with him. He had given her the choice but had made
it clear he would be disappointed if she let him down.

Lunch was quiet and the atmosphere very strained. Jim passed the plates to Sally
and indicated she should take them through to the kitchen. Gertrude snapped they
had a cook to do that. Jim smiled, "For a few more days we also have a trainee
maid." She returned a few minutes later with a tray with small china cups and a
pot of freshly made coffee. "Sorry," she whispered to Jim as she poured his,
"But when in Rome, you do as the Romans do but Kathrine said we could make tea
before we go."

Little was said over coffee but afterwards Gertrude and Ian asked to talk to
their daughter alone. Jim adjourned to the kitchen. Ian attacked Sally for her
behaviour, which is something he ought to have done twenty years previously but
she was adamant that she was returning to Sula and left to get her things. Ian
and Gertrude had a quick conference. They couldn't let their one and only
daughter go with that man even if life was more pleasant while she was away.
They formed a plan.

Ian quietly slipped upstairs to Sally's room. She already had her suitcase
packed and was now wearing her walking boots. Sally saw him and said, "It's no
good Daddy, I'm going. It will only be for a few days. I must do what I said I
would."

When her back was turned Ian quietly slid the key from the inside of the door
and replaced it on the outside. "Sally you are going nowhere, at least not with
that man." He spun out of the room slammed the door shut and locked it. She was
imprisoned. The thick walls and the oak door would not let much sound through
although she did scream and yell at the top of her voice, no one heard.

Ian and Gertrude explained to Jim that Sally had decided to stay and had locked
herself in her room so he could not come and get her. She, they said, had
decided being a maid wasn't her thing. She was above that. He was to go without
her.

Jim wondered how they had managed to change her mind, but he had given her the
option. He was bitterly disappointed. He'd become fond of the girl. They now
seemed to get on so well together. Even Kathrine was surprised. They had talked
girl-talk during the cooking and she was sure the two made an item. She had her
suspicions that something was wrong but couldn't interfere in a family matter.
Jim tried to get the parents to allow him a few words with her but they refused.
Jim left the tea that was brewing and walked dejectedly to his car and drove
back to Tarpin. Kathrine saw him off. She liked the man and had met him a number
of times. Today though, his scarred face did put people off but she knew there
was more to it than that with her employers.

Returning to the kitchen she overheard Gertrude ask if he had gone and when Ian
confirmed that he had gave a little laugh. "We'll keep her locked up a while
longer, may calm her down a bit. You know what she is like when she's really
annoyed."

Kathrine tried to think what they had done to the girl but had to wait until
they had settled down in the drawing room before she could get the spare key and
slip past them. She could hear Sally crying so she softly tapped on the door.
"Go away, you've ruined my life now all because of your stupid prejudices."

"Sally, it's Kathrine. Be quiet while I let you out." She opened the door. Sally
was sobbing. "He's gone now. I'll never see him again. He will think I quit on
him."

"Shush, we'll slip down the back stairs and go to Tarpin in my car."

They made their was quietly but were met by Ian and his wife at the foot of the
stairs, Sally by now was in no mood to be trifled with. Holding the suitcase so
it projected outward from her belly, she charged forth with a cry of "Out of the
way you fucking shits." The suitcase battering ram knocked Ian over and pushed
Gertrude to one side. When she was like this they knew from past experience not
to try and stop her. She was on a roll now. Her temper in charge. Kathrine
followed and by the time they had stacked the suitcase in the car boot, Ian came
out of the front door. He was too late. They were off. He hadn't brought his car
keys with him. All he could do was shout ineffectually at Kathrine to tell her
she was sacked.

For the first six miles Kathrine made good time for someone known for her sedate
driving pace but with just four miles to go they found themselves stuck behind a
tractor and trailer. The road was far too narrow to pass and there was a steady
stream of traffic in the opposite direction. They tried his mobile number but it
was switched off. Sally fumed but managed to keep herself under control. She
knew Kathrine was doing her best. Fate was against her. When they arrived at the
quayside Jim's boat was gone.

The fishermen she met earlier were still there loading their boat for a night's
fishing. Kathrine asked Josh, the skipper who she seemed to know quite well, if
his boat could overtake the Gannet but was told, he was too far ahead and would
be in Sula before they hardly started out. "What did your boyfriend go without
you then?" he asked Sally.

Kathrine cut in, "No, the bloody Laird locked her up. We just escaped."

"Hang on Luv, I'll see if I can raise him on the radio." He went to the
wheelhouse. "Loch Marie to Gannet come in please. Loch Marie to Gannet can you
hear me?." Gannet can you hear me?

There was a crackling from the set and then, "Gannet to Loch Marie, Josh I can
hear you loud and clear. What's up?"

"Can you slow down and meet up with us? We're leaving very shortly and you left
a couple of packages behind."

"Thought I got everything," Jim replied puzzled as he'd checked he'd picked up
all the boxes and stuff left in the corner of the stores for him. Still perhaps
there were others he missed. He hadn't packed them himself. "Okay Josh. See you
shortly. Thanks. Over and out."

Twenty minutes later they rendezvoused. Josh made Sally sit below in the cabin
until they were alongside. He threw the suitcase over and said there was another
item down below. He signalled Sally to come up and helped her across to the
Gannet. For a moment Jim just stood in shock, then gathered her in his arms and
kissed her. Loch Marie's crew cheered as they veered away. "Welcome aboard, Sal.
Glad to have you back."

Jim picked up the microphone and called Josh. "Thanks boys. I owe you one."

Josh came back. "You almost let that fish get away. Don't do anything we
wouldn't do."

*******

Back in front of the fire Sally told the full story of her imprisonment and
escape. "Looks as if poor Kathrine will lose her job over me." Sally was
distressed. For all the years she had lived in Bencarran, Mrs. Simpson had more
or less been the enemy. Today, she had been a saviour.

Jim phoned her and at first got the answer phone but when he spoke she picked up
the receiver. "Sorry," she said, "I thought it might be the Laird giving me the
sack again. He's left two messages to that effect on the machine now."

Kathrine we both just wanted to thank you for what you have done. We are very
sorry to hear that you have lost your job over us and perhaps I can make a
little payment into your account for loss of work." Kathrine insisted he did
nothing of the sort. "It was worth it to see that banshee from hell knocking old
Ian down and shoving Gertie out of the way in her efforts to get out. You'll
have to watch out if you raise her ire lad. Still you found that out already."
She laughed. "Can you put Sally on? Sally, you'll be pleased to know I've burnt
another dinner. While you were upstairs I put a brace of pheasants in the oven
and they should have been turned down low two hours ago. I doubt if Gertie's
been in the kitchen to do it. They'll find out when the fire alarm starts! Look
after yourselves and if you need any cooking lessons then come and see me.
Wouldn't be surprised if I get asked back to the house before long. They have
sacked me several times before."

Jim pulled Sally to him. "From what Kathrine said and what you told me it seems
as if you went totally berserk when you tried to escape. You know what I said I
would do if it happened again."

"Yes, but there were mitigating circumstances this time. Perhaps it should just
be a bare bum, bare hand spanking. Please not the riding crop."

"I agree." Jim pulled her trousers down and playfully slapped her still
colourful buttocks a few times before opening his flies, putting on a condom and
giving her a welcome home fuck.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





