BDSM Library - A Summer's Night




A Summer's Night
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Master uses His slave hard on a hot summer's night.
A Summer's Night

The only light was the full moon and it's reflection off the water. It had been
one of those summer days where the air seems so thick with heat if felt like a
blanket around your skin. Still, a shiver ran through her naked body as He
lifted her leg and slipped two fingers into her hot pussy. She arched her back
and pressed down to Him, her lips parting to let out a soft yet urgent moan.
Another finger in, filling her cunt. Moving them in and out, the cool water
lapping about them as He increased the pace. The girl's head went back as she
closed her eyes. He placed another hand on her hip and forced His fingers in
deeper, opening her wider.

Her cunt grasped at His fingers as she moaned, pressing down to Him. The top of
the water kissing her nipples as her breasts bobbed, half in and half out. Her
breath became quicker and she could feel His rock hard cock pressing to her
thigh as He plunged His fingers in and out of her. Had she ever known such
pleasure as this before? Not hardly, and now she was reveling in it.

With a jerk He removed His fingers, leaving her cunt hot and ready and feeling
so empty "Grab the rail of the pool whore" He said in a low commanding voice. As
she did He grabbed both of her hips, pulling her bottom up and rammed His hard
cock so deep inside her she thought she would split wide open. She bit her lip
to keep from crying out. It was late at night and the neighborhood was quiet,
with everyone else long asleep.

She clung to the side of the pool to keep from being dragged under as He moved
her along His cock while thrusting in deep and hard. His left hand left her hip
to grab her by the hair, pulling her head back. Keeping her exactly where He
wanted her as He took what He Owned.

She gasped begging Him permission to cum and He allowed it. Her hot wet cunt
squeezing His cock as her body writhed sending ripples of water across the pool.
She reached the peak of her climax and He pulled her head back hard and drove
His cock in as deep as it would go and inspite of herself she cried out with the
pleasure.

Over and over, harder and harder He fucked her. Using her as she was meant to be
used. Possessing her as only He could. She came so many times she lost count,
until He made a final savage thrust into her and came. She could feel His body
shake and shutter as He groaned low, filling her with His cum.

When they got back into the house He lead her to the bedroom by the ring on her
collar then pushed her face down onto the bed. Her body was cool and still wet
and the sheet warm from the heat of the day beneath her.

He took no time at all chaining her to the bed and there she lay, spread open,
vulnerable to Him. It was the rabbit fur flogger He started with. Dragging it
over her skin, causing her to shiver again. The bringing it down on her back and
butt... Changing the rhythm and the pace. She heard Him moving and then she
could feel of the braided flogger being dragged down her back. He raised His
hand and she heard it coming before she felt the sting and the thud of it. Three
more strikes and then the fur one again, soothing her heated skin.

She closed her eyes. Her body sinking into the bed, the feeling of becoming one
with it. She had no beginning and no end. There was only Him and this.

He took her higher still, pushing her past all resistance. Another flogger, a
different sensation, and then His hand, rubbing her, comforting and reassuring.
She drifted in and out, even with her eyes closed she could see Him raising the
flogger, see the strikes on her skin. Her body became more and more relaxed and
she flew for Him. Soon she was cumming so hard and so fast she couldn't
distinguish one climax from the other. Her body tensed and relaxed at the same
time.

Unchaining her He pulled her up, her body almost limp but staying as He placed
her. Somewhere, almost distantly but still quite near she could feel the cold
lube dripping onto her ass and then His cock pressing in again. She breathed in
deeply, trying to hold on to the feeling as He pressed in further, waiting for
her to relax and then pushing in deeper. Tiny whimpers and moans escaped from
between her lips. She rocked back on her knees as He began to thrust into her.
She felt every movement of His body, every tensing of His muscles, every twitch
of His hard thick cock as He fucked her ass harder and harder.

"Cum for me slut"

"Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssss Master" she cried as she released. Back up she
soared, moaning and crying out to Him.

Somewhere she sensed He was holding back. There was something else still in
store for her. She moaned... the pleasure so intense for her it was almost too
much and she wasn't sure if she could take it. She came for Him again, squeezing
His cock inside of her, fucking Him back as hard as she was able.

He pulled out of her. "Kneel for me now" He told her and she dropped to the
floor before Him. He reattached the chain to the cuffs on her wrists and secured
them behind her back. Taking His cock in His hand He stroked it just inched from
her face. She watched the muscles in His arms; His hand sliding up and down, His
cock as it twitched.

She opened her mouth as He came, covering her face... she moaned loud, cumming
herself as she felt it hit her. Some in her mouth and she drank it down.

She looked up at Him and saw the half grin on His face. He walked behind her and
released the chain. Pulling her onto the bed and then sliding in next to her He
wrapped His arms around her shaking body, holding her tight and close. She
sighed into His chest, cuddling as close as she could possibly get, needing Him
so much, needing His arms around her, needing the smell of Him and the sound of
His voice. Needing Him more then even He knew.

He whispered to her, "You're such a good slut. And you're my slut, now and
always." And she whispered back her thanks.

As His fingers lightly teased her nipple, He said, "I love you so much." And she
felt tears of love and relief and release well in her eyes. She leaned up and
pressed her lips so softly to His, as she replied "I love You too Master"

(c)SJW 2001 all rights reserved




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  channi[S]


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





