BDSM Library - Ann's Journey




Ann's Journey
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Join Ann and Bob as they sample the pleasures others have to offer.
Ann's Journey

Bob and Ann prepared to deplane as the jet came to a complete stop.  "What in
the hell does she mean by 'deplane?"  Bob asked himself aloud. 

"That's just like you!  She meant get you shi..stuff together and get off her
airplane."  Ann shot back automatically.  She didn't really want to be here and
she knew that Bob really didn't.  They had both come at the insistence of their
marriage counselor, a part of the arbitration process.   Eight years of marriage
and childless they had grown apart.  The Warrens, like so many other DINKS had
the many physical trappings of success except children and a happy marriage. 

"Try not to be such a bitch so soon!  Hell!  We've just landed in Vegas and
we've got three nights together.  If you start swinging in the first round
you'll never make it the entire trip." Bob chided.  When was it that they
drifted apart he wondered?  Bob knew that he'd spent too much time at work.  He
also thought that Ann was enjoying the trappings that his hard work had bought. 
Marring just after he passed the bar they scrounged by for a 2 years.  Choosing
not to enter a large partnership Bob chose to open an office in an upscale area
of Dallas.  The renovated store now office'd several attorneys, a shared
secretary and a common lobby.     The son of a Petroleum Engineer he targeted
the oil business and began courting wildcatters and with a little help from his
father he began getting a few clients.  They helped pay the bills as Ann worked
two jobs.  She spent her mornings working with a floral wholesale group and the
afternoons working at a small boutique in the Galleria Mall. 

Sex for the couple had transformed from nightly ravage-fests to the occasional
screw.   Lately, when he wanted sex, and she felt obliged to give in, he would
eat her pussy for a few minutes and then she'd pull him up to her and they'd
fuck Missionary style until he came.  Bob still found Ann attractive.  She had
the body of a gymnast, except a few more curves.  The curves of her B-cups
matched the soft curves of her hips when weighted against her slender frame. 
Blonde hair and blue eyes were back-dropped against a well-tanned canvas.  She
was always well manicured and well mannered. 

Bob's big break came when he or they had needed it most.  Ann had just
miscarried what would have been their first child.  'Unexplainable.'  The doctor
had said, not easing Ann's pain.  Quietly, Ann felt that Bob was glad and Bob
thought Ann was relieved.  A baby would have definitely been the proverbial
straw. Diapers, formula and clothes weren't cheap and as it was they survived on
Romaine noodles several nights a week.  Enter Ms. Potter from Childress Texas. 
A widow at forty-five she looked like a throwback to the 50's.   Bob could still
picture the first time he saw and heard her.  He had been sitting at his desk,
selectively tossing bills in the trash and watching the parade of people pass
beneath his window when the old blue Ford pickup died outside his office.  A
well-tanned, tall thin woman stood outside the passenger's door of the faded and
dusty truck.  She had gracefully scooted across the front seat and exited the
passenger's side.  He watched as she smoothed her white cotton dress and checked
her hat and makeup in the side mirror before entering the building.

"Mr. Warren you have a visitor."  Rosenella had paged him.  He wondered and was
correct as again he saw her standing in the lobby clutching a white purse.  She
offered her hand, which was calloused but feminine.

"Hi,  I'm Bob Warren."  He offered.

"Robert Orin Warren?"  She asked.

"Yes."  He answered cautiously.  He didn't think anyone knew his middle name. 
He never used it.  It had been his mother's madden name.  "Do I know you?  Why
don't we go up to my office?"  He asked bewildered and pointed up the stairs. 
He followed her at a respectable distance but couldn't help noticing the way her
hips softly danced beneath the light cotton.  The hem of her dress just kissed
the top of each calf as she seemingly floated up the stairs and into his office. 
An air of familiarity sweep over him and he couldn't help but ask, "Do I know
you?"

"You might remember me but it has been almost 21 years since we seen each other. 
You were six the last time your momma brought you out to the farm."  A hazy
memory began creeping into the back part of his mind.  "You chased the chickens
around the front porch while your momma and I talked."  Her West Texas draw
brought back warm feelings he had all but forgotten.  "I remember you cried when
it was time to go.  You wanted to stay with and play but ya'll was moving to
Houston and your momma had just come to say 'goodbye'."  He remembered parts of
it now.  "I'm Sandy Potter Franklin from Childress."  And that was all it took.

As he remembered now,  she had lived on the farm next to his mother's parents. 
They had  been killed by a tornado when he was an infant.  His parents and sold
the farm to the Franklin's, Sandy's family and his mother had made a few trips
out there the first few years just to keep in touch.  She said the memories were
too painful and hadn't gone back since they moved to Houston when he was 6.   He
remembered a few Christmas cards and such but all from a Sandy Franklin, which
now also made sense.  "So how are you?"  he asked.  "Let's call mother,  I know
she'll want to talk to you.  My it has been a long time."

"Yes it has been a longtime but let's not call your mom right away.  I'm here to
see you.  I need some legal help, you're the only person I thought could help
me."  She said as her eyes began to swell and she pulled a handkerchief from her
purse and dabbed the corner of her eyes.  "I'm sorry."

"That's alright.  Whatever you need I'm here to help."  He said as he eased
across off the corner of his desk and touched her lightly on the shoulder.  He
could feel her warm to his light touch and beneath the dress he felt the  body
of someone accustomed to hard work.  "Why don't you start at the beginning?"

She leaned forward and retrieved her purse. "You'll need these." And she pulled
some official looking papers from the purse and spread them on the corner of the
desk.  The first one was a survey map.  She moved forward and Bob leaned over
her shoulder.  The nakedness of her cleavage first caught his attention and as
she leaned farther forward more and more was revealed.  He was now peering down
her dress, absent-mindedly staring at her two rounded orbs housed in white lace. 
He imagined sliding his hands beneath her dress, beneath the sheer lace and
finding two hard nipples, cupping her breasts and gently squeezing her nipples
while she softly moaned and nibbled at his ear.  It had been too long sense he
had made love to his wife.  Ever since her miscarriage she had spurned his
advances and retreated the second bedroom.  

"ughmm!" She cleared her throat as she sought to make eye contact.

"I'm sorry.  I was in another place."  He offered.

"I know.  If this isn't a good time maybe I should come back." She readied to
stand but Bob placed a comforting hand back to her shoulder and moved closer to
the desk removing the temptation to stare down her dress. "This is a survey of
our farm and this plat shows your grandparent's old place.  This document is the
contract where my now ex-husband sold all the mineral rights to the farms.  This
is my parent's will and this is my grandparent's will.  This last document is a
spreadsheet detailing how much Phillips has been pumping for the last 6 months. 
Now I didn't think about it until just recently,  but if you'll read through
these,  you'll find that my grandparents gave me the mineral rights to both
pieces of property when they died.  Your parents knew that they didn't have the
mineral rights to the property years before your grandparents were killed.  What
my now ex-husband sold the mineral rights to Phillips Oil for $500,000 last year
and took off with the money.  I got a letter from a lawyer in Vegas and a
$10,000 cashier's check.  Virgil had filled for a divorce and the money was to
be my compensation.  What do you think?  Can we sue Phillips Oil?"

"I'll need some time to think this over and read the documents.  Where are you
staying?"

"Will you take my case?"

"I need to read though it first."

"Either you will or you won't.  What is your fee?"

"For something like this I generally take 50% of what is awarded."

"Done!" She said. "And to answer your earlier question I don't have a place to
stay yet.  It took all of my cash to pay the back taxes on the property.  It
seems that old' Virgil had been neglecting to pay those as well."

"Why don't you stay with Ann and I?" Bob offered.

" I couldn't impose.  Besides how long will this take?"

"I don't know yet.  But you will stay with us.  Mom would have a fit if I made
you stay in a hotel."

"You can't say anything about this to your mother! Promise me!"

"Sure, but why?"

"I have my reasons.  I'll explain it to you in time."

"Ok.  Why don't you meet me downstairs.  I've got a few calls to make and then
I'll be down to get you and introduce you to Ann."

"Sure" she said and made her way out of the office and down the stairs.

Bob quickly dialed Ann's number and found her at work.  "You okay?"

"Why?"

"I was just wondering"

"What's special about today?"

"Okay." Bob said wanting to end the argument.  He told her about my morning
meeting and that he'd be bringing a family friend home.  He asked her to play
the loving wife and she agreed. He completed his closing tasks and made his way
to leave.  While gathering he heard some soft cries coming from the hallway.  It
was Sandy.  "Come in here." He softly asked her.  "What's the matter?"  Softly
holding her in his arms.  She eased her arms around him and gently hugged him
back.  He rubbed her back telling her softly that it would be all right.  She
looked up into his emerald green eyes and gently kissed his lips. 

"Thank you for helping me."  She said softly just before he returned her kiss. 
The lack of physical attention during the past few months for both was akin to a
forest of dried timber and that first innocent kiss was the match.  Before
either knew what was happening she was unbuttoning the front of her dress as Bob
sank to his knees before her.  She leaned back onto his desk and freed her
breasts from their lace captor while Bob lifted the hem of her dress over his
head gently tugged a pair of modest white lace panties to the floor before
tossing them on his desk.  Burying his tongue into her slit he began softly
licking at her clit.  Without braking stride he fished two chairs up and cradled
each leg into a separate chair.  Sandy laid back onto the desk and began to pull
at her breasts and nipples.  With her legs spread wide the tender folds of her
pussy opened and Bob lapped greedily at the center petal.  She came with a gush. 
Her liquid sex ran down his chin soaking his tie and shirt.  "Don't stop!" she
begged as she pushed his face deeper into her hot cunt.  Bob worked feverishly
undoing his pants.   He pulled his head back and stood preparing to drive his
now drooling dick deep into her.  "NO!"  But it was too late.  He rammed
forward.  The head of his dick speared her clit and slipped into her oozing fuck
box.  Her hands pushed up against his chest has he leaned forward smashing her
body into the desk.  "OH!  OH!  OH!" she moaned in tempo with his pounding. 
Encircling her nipples with his lips he began sucking and nibbling until he came
and she followed.  Again another wave of her cum gushed from her and drained
onto his pants. 

"Oh my god!  That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had!" Bob exclaimed
stepping back and withdrawing a drained penis.  It was then that it hit him.  He
had just committed the cardinal sin and there was plenty of evidence.  From his
cum soaked tie to his cum soaked pants, he was a mess.  "What am I going to do
now?"

"I tried to warn you." Sandy said as she sat up and caged her breast behind 2 D
cups of lace.  "I did mean to start this.  I don't blame you if you just want to
drop the whole case. 

"What are you talking about? That was just sex!  It didn't have a thing to do
with your case."

"Just sex?"  Sandy sounded hurt.

"Not Just sex but Great Just sex!"

"That's better.  I've got an idea.  Take off your pants, shirt and tie.  Do you
have some work to keep you busy for an hour.?"

"Yeah sure.  But the hour cleaner can never get it done in an hour."

"You leave that to me.  I'll be back."  She left taking his clothes.  Sandy
returned thirty-five minutes later with Bob's clothes.  "Don't ask just put them
on. This shouldn't have happened but I'm kind of glad it did" was all she'd say. 
She followed him back to his apartment and tired to seem genuinely old upon
meeting Ann for the first time.  Ann didn't look much different that their
wedding picture.  She was a naturally pretty blonde with bobbed hair and a
petite frame.  She wore a wide smile as Bob followed Sandy into the house.  But
it was one of those smiles that only women knew.  It said really said, 'I don't
know what kind of crap you're up to but I'm watching you.'

Bob ordered takeout while Ann and Sandy became acquainted.  As Bob finished
ordering, Sandy excused herself to the spare bedroom where she changed into some
old jeans and a t-shirt.  Just before leaving she could hear Ann arguing quietly
with Bob. "I don't care who she is.  I don't like her in my house!  When she
goes to bed YOU"RE going to the couch! Don't give me that shit!  I can smell her
on you.  You'd better go get the food darling." She finished with mock affection
just prior to the door opening and closing.

Sandy eased out of the bedroom and headed for the bathroom.  Her movement was
intercepted by the bobbed blonde, who grabbed her by the wrist, "Where are you
going you old slut?" 

"Take your hand off me." Sandy retorted and tried to jerk her hand back but was
unable.  Ann nimbly turned Sandy's wrist over and put her in an arm bar driving
her to her knees.  "OUCH! Please let go.  You're hurting me." 

"Of course I am you goofy old broad.  You never answered my question.  Are you
going in there to wash out my husband's spunk?  I bet you'd even use my own
douche kit or did you bring your own?  I had him just about ready to beg me to
come back to his bed.  You fucked that up.  Now you're going to pay."

Sandy tried once more to get away but Ann quickly took her the rest of the way
down.  Sandy ended up on her back staring up into Ann's crotch.  Ann's thigh
length skirt rode up giving way to her clean-shaven pussy.  Ann moved up pinning
Sandy's arms to the carpet with her knees and pulled up her skirt.  "Bob's been
gone about 3 minutes.  It'll take him just about 20 to get the food and get back
here.  I'd better have come twice before he gets here or you'll both pay."  And
with that said Ann sank her twat onto Sandy's face and began grinding.  Sandy
hadn't gone down on a girl in nearly 28 years.  The last time had been with
Bob's mother after her bacholoret party.  She remembered what to do and
instinctively let her tongue begin chasing Ann's clit. 

It wasn't long before Ann was squealing with delight and Sandy could feel her
own climax building. Ann licked her finger and snuck it beneath Sandy's pants. 
A few circles and both women came.  "I haven't had this much fun sense my senior
year at the Sorority." Ann cheered.  "Get up Bitch!" and she pulled Sandy to her
feet.  "Don't stick those big tits in my face.  All you girls think that big
tits are an advantage.  Just will change."  That comment caused a shudder in
Sandy.  Ann pulled Sandy towards the guest bedroom, "get in there and change. 
You'd better look slutty when you come out of there too!"

Sandy was in tears as she went into the bedroom.  She hadn't packed anything
slutty.  The best she could do was a pink tank top and a pair of thong panties
she found in a zippered pocket.   She hadn't worn them since Virgil bought them. 
She put her hair in pigtails and took off all her makeup.  She heard Ann in the
next bedroom rifling through the drawers.  "Do not come out of your room until
you hear me say 'give it to me."  You come out then and just follow my lead.  Do
you understand?"

"Yes  ma'am." She answered just as Bob came back in.

"I'm home.  Ann,  Sandy where are you?  He looked to the back of the apartment
and noticed both doors closed.  Just then Ann came out of their bedroom wearing
a see-through nigh tie.  She held her finger to her lips and gave the be quiet
look.  "Where's Sandy?"

"She decided to go to bed.  She said that she was tired from the drive and
wanted to get some sleep.  I put her in the guest room.  I've treated you
terrible lately.  Do you forgive me?"  She eased up to Bob and wrapped her arms
around his neck and planted a big wet kiss on his lips.  Her tongue advanced
through his lips and met with his.  She broke the kiss short and asked, "What
did you get me,  Pepper Chicken?"

"Yes."  He said as he studied Ann. 

"Great let's eat."  And so they did.  He watched her devour her chicken
carefully picking out the hot peppers.  He had no sooner finished then she was
on her knees between his legs rubbing his stiffening penis.  "Does this poor
baby need some attention?"  "He's been neglected for too long.  Does he want to
play?"  She asked while she unzipped Bob's pants.  She  immediately took him in. 
She gagged just a little from the lack of practice but was soon taking him down
her throat.  With her free hand she began fingering herself.  She could feel Bob
tensing up and knew was about ready.  But she didn't want to swallow this load
of seaman.  Standing up Ann pulled him down on the floor and straddled him.  She
sank onto him slowly and began rotating her pelvis rhythmically.  Bob began
fondling her breasts and thumping her nipples.  She was past the edge and knew
he was too.  "OH GOD!  GIVE IT TO ME!"  she shouted.  He responded by picking up
the tempo and pulling her down to meet his thrusts.  She saw Sandy out of the
corner of her eye.  'Start playing with yourself' and mouthed.  Sandy just stood
there.  'NOW' Ann mouthed and glared at Sandy, who stood there and began
masturbating. 

Just then Bob moaned shot his cum into Ann's snatch while she came too.  "Dear
look who's staring at us."

Bob looked up startled to see Sandy standing by the counter fingering herself. 
"What are you doing Sandy?"

"I bet she heard me and came out to spy on us?  Isn't that right Sandy?"

Sandy just nodded.   "Good girls don't spy, do they Sandy?"  Ann asked.  Sandy
shook her head.  "Sandy's a bad girl, isn't she?"  Sandy nodded while she stood
there chewing on a fingernail and fingering her pussy.  "Sandy need's to be
punished, doesn't she?"  Bob couldn't believe it.  He watched as his half naked
wife led a horny and half-naked Sandy to the coffee table.  "Get on your hand
and knees." Ann ordered Sandy.  Sandy complied.  Ann reached between Sandy's
naked legs and began rubbing her clit.  "MY MY Sandy is a wet girl, isn't she?" 
Sandy just nodded.  "Dear,' Ann looked at Bob,  "look by the dryer and bring me
some of those zip ties?"  Sandy's eyes got wide but she didn't move away from
Ann expert message.  Bob brought back the ties and watched as Ann made a loop
around each of Sandy's large dangling breasts and pulled the tie cruelly tight. 

"OWE!  Get them off that really hur..." was all Sandy got out before she stuffed
her panties in Sandy's mouth. 

"That's enough out of her trap!  Turn over now, " Ann commanded and Sandy
obeyed.  Once on her back on the coffee table Ann zip tied an arm to each foot
leg and ankle as well.  She stuffed a few pillows under Ann's back pushing her
tits high in the air.  Sandy's tits began swelling immediately.  The straps cut
off the blood leaving Sandy's tits but not entering. Tears began streaming down
Sandy's face as Ann became more aggressive.  Bob watched as cut away Sandy's
little panties to reveal that think sandy colored bush that he'd plowed earlier
in his office. "Sit down Honey,  I want you to enjoy our show."  She told Bob
who moved to the couch and sat on its edge.  Ann moved down and began softly
toying with Sandy's clit.  Ann kept her own legs squeezed tightly shut.  She
didn't want to loose any of Bob's stuff.  Ann leaned forward and began to tongue
the area around Sandy's clit.  Sandy struggled to push her hips up to move her
clit to Ann's dancing tongue.  Ann evaded Sandy's thrusts and kept teasing her. 
Both Ann and Bob could see the trail of liquid began seeping from Sandy's twat. 
Ann stopped teasing Sandy and went to work tongue fucking her clit.  This
brought Sandy completely off the table.  Ann eyed Bob who was now stroking his
own manhood.  Ann moved to Sandy's face and in a low voice, just high enough for
both to hear, asked Sandy, "Did you enjoy fucking my husband on his desk this
afternoon?"  Bob's eyes went wide open as did Sandy's.  Ann grabbed her nipple
and began twisting it.   "Did you?  Did you enjoy his tongue running up and down
your slit?"  she asked again this time twisting both nipples.

Sandy couldn't help herself and just nodded.  Ann spied Bob out of the corner of
her eye.  He had that caught look.  "That's ok."  Ann said to Bob.  I don't
blame you.  It had been to long.  I was made at you and had mistreated you.  But
it doesn't excuse this slut.  Does it?"  Bob just shook his head.  "Good.  Now
hand me that bowl of peppers.  We are going to give something to make her think
twice about fucking someone else's husband."  And with that she began poking
pepper after pepper up and into Sandy's pussy.  It didn't take long for the
pepper to start working.   Sandy began moaning and withering around.  Ann moved
to Sandy's head and removed the gag.  Sandy immediately started moaning louder. 
Ann straddled her face and sank down.   Ann pulled her pussy lips apart and
began pushing out with her muscles while rubbing her clit on Sandy's nose. 
"Now,' Ann began. "before we are totally done here we've got two steps to
finish.  First, Sandy you're going to lap as much of Bob's cum out of me as
possible and then you are going to write out a legal and binding agreement that
you'll be my sex slave for the next 48 hours.  Do you understand?"  Sandy shook
her head and began lapping in earnest.  "That's it.  You're doing wonderfully. 
Honey,  why don't you return our little pet's favor."  Bob moved between Sandy's
legs and began licking her clit.  Ann turned around so that her tiny rosebud was
now pushing onto Sandy's nose and so she could watch Bob's talented tongue. 

"Don't let her cum honey and watch your eyes."  Bob could feel the hot pepper
juice searing his tongue.  He knew that it must be excruciatingly painful for
Sandy.  Sandy began to buck as Ann was approaching her third orgasm of the
night.  Ann could see Bob's hard dick begging to fuck.  "Why don't you take her
ass Bob.  I know you've always wanted to take mine.  I'm giving hers to you." 
It didn't take any more coaxing than that.  Bob straightened up and put the head
of his penis at the entrance to Sandy's puckered rose hole.  Pushing steadily he
felt it pop as he sank into the depths of her bowels.  As he did he felt the
sudden rush of Sandy's cum and could hear Ann's resign.  He pumped only twice
before he too succumbs to the pleasure and pumped Sandy's Ass full of cum. 

As he withdrew and Ann stepped off Sandy lay there moaning.  "My pussy is on
fire.  Please stop it.  Please." She begged.   "I can't take it anymore.  Help
me please." She was crying now.  Gone was all sensuality and pretense.  A wave
of compassion swept over Ann and Bob who began untying her but not before a
couple of snapshots with a digital camera.  They moved Sandy to the bathroom and
eased her into the shower.  Ann showered with her taking time to fish out the
peppers from her inflamed pussy.  An exhausted Sandy merely stood there, propped
against the wall, while Bob prepared a special douche.   Mainly consisting of
ice-cold milk, Bob took a small hose from the fish tank and fashioned it into a
tube.   Bob suspended the gallon of milk in the shower as Ann inserted the tube 
into Sandy swollen cunt.  As the tube slid deeper into Sandy Bob released the
clip allowing the milk to rinse out Sandy's hole.  It excited Bob and Ann to see
the white fluid flowing down Sandy's leg. 

"Let's get this poor woman to bed."  Ann said.  "I need to get some rest too!" 
With that Bob and Ann eased a naked Sandy into bed and padded off to bed as
well.  Sometime during the early morning hours Bob and Ann awoke to find
themselves on the verge of orgasms.  Ann believed it to be Bob masterfully
manipulating her clit while Bob believed Ann was the person licking up and down
the shaft of his penis.  It wasn't until both orgasmed and looked towards the
middle of the bed to find Sandy busily bringing both to a climax.  Afterward she
climbed between the two and drifted back to sleep. 

In the months to follow Sandy, Bob and Ann spent countless hours fucking and
sucking.  Occasionally, the sadistic side of Bob or Ann would come out and Sandy
would suffer.  Bob worked on Sandy's case against Phillip's Oil and after months
of negotiations Phillip's Oil elected to pay the current market price for the
all the oil pumped from the ill-gotten fields and to purchase them from their
rightful owner.  After all was said and done the amount of the settlement
totaled just under $60,000,000 dollars.  Bob's fee after taxes approached $ 20
million.   Sandy took her money and headed west to invest it.  Bob and Ann moved
from the city and purchased a 500-acre ranch and built a big home.  Bob bought
the flower boutique for Ann as their 5th anniversary present and bought the
office building he had shared with the other attorneys.  Business was good for
both Bob and Ann.  There were passionate moments during lavish vacations but
both noticed that their bedroom lacked that spark. 

In May of the following year Bob's business was to take him to Costa Rica and
Ann, in need of a vacation and wanting to spark their relationship, went along. 
Despite his concerns for her safety he agreed and they flew to San Jose, Costa
Rica.  Shortly after arriving they were greeted by the local entourage from
Costa Rican Oil and taken to a beautiful hacienda overlooking the Pacific Ocean
near Puerto Quepos.  Their host noticed the anxiety registering on their faces
as the passed through the house gates, which were patrolled by solider looking
men carrying machine guns.  "Do not be alarmed, please.  These guards are
employed by Rican Oil and are here for your protection.  As you may know, Civil
War is no stranger to Costa Rica.  Our Nicaraguan neighbors wish to adopt out
country's natural resources.  I trust you will enjoy your stay with us and if
there is anything just ask for Hector." 

The cars circled around the courtyard and came to stop just outside a set of
double doors.  "I will have someone take your bags to your room while we meet
Mr. Sanchez in the main house."  As they exited the car Hector snapped his
fingers and several young Costa Rican girls came and began carrying their bags
off.  "This way, if you please." Hector said leading off toward the double
doors.  The doors opened onto a balcony overlooking a large living room some 30
feet below.  Large plate glass windows were the wall on the opposite side of the
room.  Past them the deep blues of the Pacific Ocean stretched to the horizon. 

"Welcome my friends!"  Came the greeting from a short stubby man who now rose
from a chair overlooking the ocean.  Several young girls scattered and scurried
about.  "I trust your trip was enjoyable?" 

"Quite so! And may I compliment you on a magnificent home, Senior Sanchez."  Bob
offered as he and Ann descended the stairs. 

"Its beauty is to die for!"  Ann stated taking in the beauty of the room.

"My dear senorita, it pales by comparison to your beauty."  Sanchez complimented
Ann as he ushered them towards the windows.  "Rumor has it that used to be a
mission.  This room was the main cathedral.  It is perched 350 feet above the
ocean.  Its only exposed walls are 1foot thick concrete and steel reinforced. 
There is only 2 ways out of the main house, they way you came in and an elevator
leading down to the ocean.  Senora, later while your husband and I steal away
for business I will be happy to have some of the girls show you our beach.  It
is inaccessible except by the elevator or boat."

"That would be wonderful.  I could use some sun." 

"It is settled.  Leona will show you to your take care of any special needs.  I
will have an early dinner served at 4:00 PM and then we can talk shop.  Until
then please make yourselves comfortable Leona!"  And the Sanchez offered his
hand.  Bob shook his hand and turned to great a charming Hispanic looking girl
who approached from an adjoining door.  Ann in turn took Sanchez' hand but was
strangely drawn towards him.  She looked down and noticed the man now, fully. 
He could not have been more than 5 feet tall and must have weighted over 250
pounds.  Yet, he did not appear fat or fleshy.  His forearm was as easily as
large as her thigh and his short fingers were thicker than a big toe.  He was
dressed in a white linen shirt and pants.  He wore no shoes or jewelry and just
for a moment she saw a sparkle in his eye.  Chills raced up her spine and ended
in her nipples, which instantly grew hard and visible.  He noticed and smiled
while turning to leave.  "In a while, then."

Ann now turned to see that Bob was watching Leona bid their follow.  She was the
typical young Hispanic girl.  Big chested, flat stomached and carried a shapely
ass.  He long black hair laid flat against her back and dangled just above her
shapely ass.  She too wore a white linen outfit.  It was obvious that casual
attire was acceptable dress.  Ann hoped that she would be able to go into town
and find a similar outfit.  Leona led them through a series of doors and down
several flights of stairs, stopping at a giant wooden door.  "This will be your
room.  Mine is adjoins here." She said pointing to a small wooden door
perpendicular to theirs.  "I am but my name away, if you should need anything." 
She stressed anything.  "Allow me to show you about your room."  And before any
objections could be voiced she opened the door and toddled in.  "Your clothes
have been put away.  The bathroom is through those doors and the commode is just
beyond that.   These doors open out onto the balcony and slide back to fully
open the room to the ocean breeze.  There is a hot tub to the left of the patio
and the bar is well stocked and there are some cheese and crackers just beneath
the wine rack.  Please help yourselves."  And she left. 

"WOW!" Ann said out loud.  "We need to sell out and just move down here!  I want
to go to town and go shop..." was all that she got out as her mouth was
completely covered by Bob's.  His tongue invaded her and darted against hers. 
His hand picked her up and she felt herself being whisked towards the bed.  Her
nimble fingers made short order of his shirt and were working on this pants as
he deposited her on the bed, breaking their kiss and flipping into a 69
position.  With Ann on top now he pushed her skirt up to her waist and pulled
aside her thong panties.  His tongue flicked her clit back and forth while she
swallowed him rigid member.  They quickly approached orgasms.  Bob took Ann in
his arms and flipped her around, so that they were head to head.  She sat up and
slipped his thick dick into her waiting pussy.  She began to gyrate her hips
while he massaged her clit.  Soon they were both panting.  With Bob's free hand
he flicked her nipples.  With each thump a soft moan would escape her lips and
push her closer to the edge.  With one final thrust up he unloaded three weeks
worth of cum in her snatch.  Ann reciprocated by letting loose with her own
flood.  As the juice met and mixed deep inside of her the drained down the hole
molded by the withering shaft.   A large pool of their collective cum formed and
began soaking into the sheets. 

Dinner was a modest affair. Leona had met them at their door and led them to the
dining room.  Mr. Sanchez was flanked to his right by Hector and three lovely
girls stood just behind them waiting to serve.  "Buenos Tardes!" Sanchez greeted
them, smiling as usual.  "For dinner tonight out chief has prepared seared
snapper, garlic rice and a green tomato relish.  Will you have a margarita or a
Daiquiri?" 

"Yes. Thank you. I'll have a strawberry daiquiri"  Ann replied.  "The food
smells divine.  I'm famished."

"I'd try a margarita."  Bob added.

"Fabulous! Leona, see to their drinks please."  Leona followed Sanchez's order
and went to the bar and began preparing the drinks.  "Might I add, senora, that
you look particularly radiant to night.  It would appear that our climate suits
you." 

"Thank you.  The room is wonderful.  I treated myself to a long hot shower."

"After dinner you must let Leona give you a massage.  I sent her to Sweden for 6
months to study.  There is a table in your room for privacy."

"You think of everything."

"We try.  Your husband's work has been very instrumental in obtaining some new
leases.  I wanted to reward him with a well-earned vacation while we tied up the
loose ends.  Your coming was an added bonus."

"Flattery will get you everywhere!"  Ann said using her most seductive southern
draw. 

"Let us hope."  And Sanchez laughed as Leona approached with the drinks. 
Sanchez' eyes grew to the size of saucers as he watched Leona stumble forward
causing the two drinks to bathe Ann.  The while silk shirt became transparent
and clung to Ann's skin.  She had opted not to wear a bra this evening trading
caution for sensuality.  Ann's nipples became rock hard nubs as the ice coated
her breasts. 

"WhAAAA!" she let out a soft scream and tired to pull the shirt from her skin. 
Leona, who was trembling with fear, tired to help but as Ann was rising to stand
Leona slipped on the wet tile tearing off the thin silk shirt.  Everyone was
shocked.  Ann just stood there looking down at Leona who was now balling and
professing apologies.  Bob couldn't help but notice the hunger in Hector's eyes
as he examined Ann's exposed breasts.  Their host had the good taste to look
away and down at poor Leona who was now scrambling to her knees. 

"I'm sorry.  I'm soo Sorry! Please. Please forgive me!" she pleaded of Ann while
kneeling at Ann's feet. 

Ann calm placed a cloth napkin across her breasts and asked to be excused.

"Lizbeth!  Please accompany our guest back to her room and assist her in anyway.
Hector please take Leona to the room. I will deal with her after dinner.!"
Hector arose and moved toward Leona who started babbling about having mercy and
forgiveness.  Bob followed Hector's withdraw and was bid to sit again, by
Sanchez.  "We should move forward and discuss business while this mess is
cleaned up."  Both Bob and Sanchez stood as Lizbeth and Ann left the room.

"Of course.  Have you had time to read over the proposals I sent you?" Bob asked
Sanchez.

"Yes and as usual I have found them to be in order except for one small fact. 
Did you really believe that I wouldn't notice the changes in your fees."

"It was only 3 percent and considering the amount of work I've already done for
you and the amount of oil we're talking about."

"It doesn't matter.  6 % was the amount we agreed upon years ago.  I don't see
changing it now.  You have become a valued friend and a loyal partner.  This
confirms my suspicion.  You deserve that 6% not the 3% you suggested in the last
contract.  Make those changes and I will sign them in the morning.  Have you
followed the restructuring of Phillips' Oil?  I remember reading about them when
you took them too the cleaners."

"Not really.  I've followed it only in passing trade journals.  I wasn't
surprised, though. I'm just wondering when the FTC will begin an investigation
into the recent stock trading."

"I must excuse myself now.  I need to go and deal with Leona.  She must be aptly
disciplined.  Wouldn't you agree?"

"Quite so but surely you will not terminate her for such an accident."

"Terminate?"  Sanchez laughed. "My goodness no.  She may wish for such after I
finish canning her."

"Canning?"

"Yes.  Canning.  Do you prefer the whip?  I enjoy the cane as I feel I connect
better.  Have you ever used the cane on your wife?  I admire her reserve she
demonstrated at the table."

"No.  I've never canned anyone nor have I ever really whipped Ann either.  We
have experimented a few times but I have never truly punish her."

"You must.  A good woman is only made better under the cane."

"I'm afraid that she would be the exception.  She rather enjoyed inflicting pain
on our houseguests.

"I see.  Maybe then we should afford her the opportunity to experience both? 
Are you game?"

"We can see.  I know that she was really attracted to Leona and the way she
watched Lizbeth I know that she was getting turned on."

"I see.  What I purpose is that we await her return and then let her accompany
us to the cellar."

The men waited for Ann and Lizbeth to return.  Bob thought that Ann looked a bit
flush and noticed a little lipstick on Lizbeth's neck. Both women smiled as they
approached and then Sanchez dismissed Lizbeth but added, "don't go far."  "Now
Ann would you care to accompany me while I deal with Leona?  After all you are
the aggrieved party."

"Sure."  Bob could see Ann's mind working.  Lizbeth must have let her know what
was in store for Leona as she didn't hesitate to fall into step behind Sanchez. 
Sanchez led them through a door and down a short hall, which ended a heavy
wooden door.

"I trust what you see and hear beyond this door will remain secrete.  Very few
people beyond this wall even know of its existence.  Furthermore, if you are
offended by physical discipline I would ask that you leave."  No one budged.  "I
see."  Sanchez said as he slowly unlocked the door and pushed it open.  Standing
in the middle of the room, naked and tied with her hand behind her back was
Leona.  A spreader bar held her legs apart while a rope descending from the
ceiling was pulling her hands up.  This caused her to bend sharply at the waist. 
A leather strap ran from ring in the rope to some metal hooks in her nose.  The
strap had been pulled tight causing her head to bend back and her mouth to gape
open.  Leona's breast swung beneath her like pendulums with each move. 
Unconsciously, Ann licked her lips and moved closer to inspect while Sanchez and
Bob watched with mounting excitation.  "I can see that you do not necessarily
disagree with my methods of discipline" stated Sanchez.  He watched closely as
Ann moved directly behind Leona and noticed the two thin strings hanging down
between Leona's legs.

"What are the strings for" Ann wondered aloud and then said, "Oh!" as she
realized that they ran from piercings in Leona's vaginal lips to loops on the
outside of the spreader bar.  "Do you mind?" Ann asked Sanchez as she kneeled
down and began affixing the strings into the eyelets and then pulling them
tight.  The affect was to spread open Leona's pussy, even wider.

"Be my guest" Sanchez said watching Ann pull the strings taunt and listening to
Leona's squeal of protest.  "I should think that you would want to administer
the punishment now.  In the closet there is a host of tools for you to use.   My
favorite is the mesquite cane.  A little thicker than the birch, it is still
more flexible and produces clean whelps while not cutting the skin often." 
Sanchez watched as Ann contemplated her instrument of torture. In the closet
were whips, canes, clamps, dildos and such.

"I will take your advice, Senior Sanchez" Ann said while swishing the can about
for good measure.  Ann took the cane and moved directly behind Leona.  "How many
shall I administer?"

"That my dear Ann, is up to you" Sanchez answered.  "If you might allow me a
suggestion, I would think 30 would be ample, that is if you spread them out and
did not concentrate upon any one region.  Ann instinctively swished the cane in
an upwards arch landing it perfectly between Leona's cunt lips and impacting her
clit.  Leona let out a yelp of startle and of pain.  Ann repeated the action
with the next four strokes.  Each man shifted his weight as his dick responded
to the scene.  Ann moved and was now standing in front of Leona.  He keen
hand/eye coordination allowed her to place the next 10 strokes directly upon
Leona's nipples, five to each.  Half way through the disciplining now, both men
were visibly excited as was Ann, whose nipples poked through the thin shirt
material.  From their vantage point the men could see the wetness emerging from
Leona's swollen cunt.  They watched as Ann bent down and whispered something
into Leona's ear.  Leona immediately began trying to nod and communicate her
agreement with what ever Ann had purposed.   Both men watched in heated
anticipation as Ann moved toward Leona's upturned head lifting her skirt and
draping it around Leona's head.  Leona's head began moving, what little it
could, while Ann began to grind her crotch into Leona's face.

"You're going to have to do better than that" and Ann brought the thin cane down
right between Leona's ass checks and stepped away.  Something resembling no was
heard coming from Leona's lips as Ann stomped around to stand behind her.  "I
gave you a chance you little slut.  Now you will learn."  Ann put nine more hard
stokes with the cane onto Leona's ass.  Only she didn't land them on her fleshy
butt cheeks but atop her dainty rosebud.  Fully aroused both me approached Ann
and Leona.  Ann was fishing a strand of hair behind her ear as Sanchez patted
Leona's ass.

"You are natural.  Maybe you should come to work for me.  Look at how you
excited her" he said while pushing one of his big thick hairy fingers into
Leona's wet pussy.  Leona leaned back toward his advancing digit.  "Look at her. 
She was born to fuck.  She's so damned horny she'd fuck anything."  With that
being said Sanchez moved directly behind Leona and unbuttoned his pants and
lowered them to the floor.  What Bob and Ann saw next could only be described as
a freak of nature.  Sanchez's semi-erect penis fell into view.  It emerged from
a thick mat of black hair and its head rested just beneath his knee, some 16 to
18 inches away.  It was the thickness of a mans forearm and the head was the
size of a balled up fist.   "Do not be disappointed," he said to Ann.  "It
rarely becomes fully erect without some sort of physical stimulation," he added
as he began stroking the monster and it twitched and came to life.   Ann's eyes
grew large as did Bob's.  They watched in awe, as Sanchez' penis grew several
more inches and became rock hard.  "Are you ready my dear?" He asked Leona, who
tried to look back to see the approaching lance. 
Sanchez unhooked the strap holding Leona's head back and it snapped forward at
the same instance he drove himself into her.

She screamed,  "Take it out!  Please!  You're going to ruin me!  Ugghg," she
screamed as he filled her depths and pounded to a halt against her cervix.  
"Please!  Take it oouuuttttt!" Came another cry as he withdrew and pushed
forward again.  Ann quickly ran to her head pushed it beneath her skirt.  Leona
knew what to do and began lapping at Ann's soaking twat.  "She is a bit
theatrical.  I have used her once before and I don't remember her screaming like
this.  Maybe you would care to try my ride," Sanchez said looking at Ann whose
eyes now opened as wide as saucers while she shook her head with no.  Bob who
had been watching this fucking looked around and spied a stool.  He pulled the
stool up behind Ann and dropped his own pants.  Bob was somewhat a typical male
in stature.  He had always felt comfortable at the gym or pool.  He lifted Ann
up and deposited her on his pole and then pushed the stool closer to Leona's
waiting tongue.  Ann grabbed Leona's head and held it tightly burring her
Leona's face into her cock filled pussy.  The fucking frenzy continued for about
15 minutes until Sanchez unloaded his weapon into Leona's snatch.  Bob did the
same for Ann who climaxed next and washed their fluids down to Leona's waiting
tongue. 

Cum dripped from Leona's face and pussy as the three stood back collecting the
breaths and basking in their sexual glow.  "Lizbeth will show you back to your
room.  Feel free to explore the house and grounds," Sanchez offered.  "I must go
into town and take care of some business."

"That'd be great.  I've got some reading I need to catch up on," Bob said.

"I would like to go to the market," Ann said.  "I saw several cute outfits on
the way here."

"Well, that will be between you and Bob.  The market can be a dangerous place."

"I will take Lizbeth with me.  That is if it is okay with you.  I'm sure she
knows her way around," Ann smiled.

"Very well then.  We will meet in thirty minutes out front."  Sanchez said as he
turned to leave the room.

Ann and Bob followed Lizbeth back to their room where Ann jumped in the shower
and freshened up.  She could see that Bob had a concerned look on his face. 
"Don't worry so!"

"Ann, we are not in the US.  Costa Rica is a turbulent society.  Their laws are
not like those back home."

"I'll watch out." Was the last thing Ann said as she met Lizbeth outside their
door.  The 30-minute ride to town was interesting.  Ann couldn't help but think
of the massive tool hidden beneath the casual pants Sanchez wore.  Lizbeth
didn't talk much she just smiled and nodded politely as Ann and Sanchez
discussed her shopping venture.  The driver let Lizbeth and Ann out in the
center of town.  The sun was several hours from setting and the town was just
coming alive.  Ann followed Lizbeth to a favorite watering hole.  They ordered
Margaritas and sat on the patio enjoying the summer breeze and the view of the
ocean.  Several men began flirting with Ann and Lizbeth and buying them drinks. 
After about 90 minutes and 4 shots and 3 margaritas later Lizbeth told Ann that
they had better start shopping.  They were due to meet Sanchez in only an hour. 

The two stumbled from the bar and began making shops.  It was in the third or
fourth shop that Ann found several outfits and began trying them on.  Lizbeth
went on to the next shop while Ann made her purchases.  The owner didn't speak
much English and Ann didn't speak much Spanish.  She handed the lady $200.00 and
headed out the door.  She hadn't made it across the street when the lady came
screaming out of the shop after  her.  Ann didn't pay much attention until a
uniformed policeman grabbed her arm and started talking to her in Spanish. 
Still reeling from the drinks and not speaking the native tongue Ann's head swam
in circles.  She started yelling for Lizbeth and trying to pull loose.  She
realized that she had gone to far when she kicked the policeman in his groin. 
He let go of her and doubled over.  She froze.  When he stood again he
backhanded her, sending her to the ground  a crowd gathered round.  Just as she
was making eye contact with Lizbeth the policeman picked her up and handcuffed
her. 

Lizbeth ran from scene.  Knowing that Sanchez would be furious she jumped on a
passing bus headed to San Jose.  Sanchez knew something was wrong when the
driver stopped the car and people were milling about the streets.  He could over
hear them talking about that, 'crazy gringo bitch."  They arrived at the jail
where everyone could hear Ann screaming at the top of her lungs.  The Chief of
Police immediately recognized Sanchez, who was a loyal party contributor. 
"Senor Sanchez, it is an honor that you visit me.  What may I do for you today?"

"I'm in  need of a small favor, Chief" Sanchez smiled as he shook the chief's
outstretched hand and greased his palm with ten $ 1000.00 bills.  "What is the
status with the young gringo?"

"She is being held for public intoxication, assaulting an officer and resisting
arrest."

"What happened," Sanchez asked?

"It appears that she bought some clothes and over paid.  When the clerk tried to
stop her she ran.  When my officer stopped her to ask her what was the matter
she kneed him in the balls."  The chief chuckled, "That officer is the son of a
cabinet member.  He is all right but his pride is wounded. The judge just
happened to be hearing doing some arraignments.  Now what is it that I may do
for you?"

"She and her husband are my guests.  He is an attorney who represents our
national oil company.  Can you help me find a way to make this go away?" 
Sanchez sent his driver home to bring Bob back.  He knew that Bob couldn't do
much from a legal standpoint but also knew that his presence might make a
difference.  While the driver went to get Bob, Sanchez met with the judge and
the Chief. It didn't take long for Bob to arrive and he met with the men in the
Chief's office.

The judge was talking to Sanchez as he entered the room, "I'm not sure what I
can do," the judge said.  "The officer will not drop the assault charge.  That
offense alone carries a stiff fine and 2 years prison."

Ann, who had been escorted into the room and repeated "Prison", cut off the
judge?  "Bob do something.  I can't go to prison," Ann pleaded

"What happened, if I might ask," Bob used all of his tact.  Sanchez related the
story to him.  Even the part about witnesses seeing another girl jump a bus
bound for San Joes.  Ann just sat there with her head buried in her hands and
crying softly. "Your honor, what are our options?"

"Well, because of the nature of the offenses and taking into consideration who
you are, I can dismiss the P.I. and levy a fine of $ 450.00 for resisting
arrest.  The bad news is that there are only two options for assaulting an
officer.  The first is a minimum of 2 years confinement and a $100,000 fine or
the statue still allows corporal punishment and the fine.  It will be her
choice."

"Corporal punishment," Ann's head looked up?  "What's that about?"

"I must warn you," the judge continued. "it is not a matter to be taken likely. 
The punishment must be administered by an officer of the courts and done so in a
public place."

"How barbaric!" Ann screamed.

"Honey! SSH! It is either that or 2 years in prison.  It is your choice."

"I'm certainly not spending 2 years locked up, like some animal."

"Very well," the judge said, "You will receive 150 lashes tomorrow in the town
square."

"Your honor," Sanchez broke in above Ann's sobs.  "Might we do it in the
courtyard at my hacienda?  It is technically a public place and will offer some
protect to her dignity."

"I do not see why we shouldn't afford her that courtesy.  Chief have her
transported to the Sanchez estate at 1100 hours.  It will look better if she is
made spend at least one night in the jail here."

"Would you care to accompany us home, judge?" Sanchez asked. 

"Your not leaving me here, are you Bob?"

"It doesn't look like we have much of a choice.  It will all be very over soon."

"I will have my driver take me to your estate by 0900." The judge told Sanchez.

One the ride home Sanchez phoned Hector and told him to erect to posts 8 feet
apart with eyebolts at the ground and six feet high.  Hector told Sanchez that
they had located Lizbeth and were bring her home. "Don't worry about Ann.  We
have their assurances that she will be taken care of."

Bob didn't sleep well that night and neither did Ann.  Bob tossed and turned
both as much from the excitement as anticipation and worry.   Around midnight
Ann finally drifted off to sleep.  She had watched as the armed guards patrolled
the short distance in front of her cell and decided that she must be safe.  It
must have been around 3:30 when the clanking of the cell door brought her back
to reality.  As a group of men entered her cell she heard the familiar voice
speaking to her in Spanish.  Then broken English followed.  " You think that
because you are American that you do not follow our laws.  That our laws no
apply.  You get special treatment from Judge.  We give you our justice now." 
Two men rusher her and pinned her to the mattress.  She started to scream when a
rag was forced into her mouth.  It was then that she saw the policeman that she
had kneed.  She watched as he unzipped his pants.  She was going to be rapped
and began to accept it until she saw the bruising and his swollen scrotum.  Ann
hadn't meant to really hurt him.  The two men holding her rolled her onto the
floor and bent her forward over the mattress.  They removed her panties tying
her ankles to opposite ends of the cot and here hands to the bar in front of
her.  She strained to look behind her and watched as one of the men reached into
a jar and covered his hand in a white greasy substance.  To her dismay he then
rubbed his finger between her legs.  He worked the slick substance into her dry
vagina and she let out a sigh as he stuck his finger between her butt checks and
penetrated her asshole. 

At first Ann thought it was merely some type of lube.  However, she thought she
could smell bacon.  Then she realized that it was bacon grease.  Ann began to
scream into her gag.  How could they do this?  Why would they do this?  Then
reality came into focus as she caught a brief glimpse of a huge Great Dane being
led into her jail cell.  He to had caught the scent of the bacon grease and was
already salivating.  The guard holding the dog was having difficulties.  He was
scratching and pawing for his freedom.  As the guard released him he literally
jumped the six or seven feet separating her upturned ass and him.  She couldn't
help but let out a gasp as the dog buried his snout between her legs.  The dog
began lapping the bacon grease from the outer lips of her cunt.  He worked
around the edges and then deep inside.  She found herself breathing heavily as
the dog worked in and out of her pussy.  He would stick his tongue deep inside
and then pull it out to.  The dog would again clean the out side lips of her wet
pussy before sticking his tongue back inside.  Ann was beginning to moan softly
with each lash of his tongue.  It startled her when he shifted his attention to
her virgin asshole.  He lapped at it in earnest.  She was becoming so aroused
that she almost didn't notice the flashes of light and the familiar hum of a
Polaroid camera as it delivered incriminating photos.  One of the men pulled the
dog off just as Ann was approaching her first orgasm.  Then a second man untied
her hands while a 3rd man rubbed something else between her legs.  She looked
again to the injured policeman smiling.  He said something in Spanish, which was
quickly translated into English as, "scent of bitch in heat."

And again the dog jumped back to her,  only this time he spent very few seconds
licking her pussy and then moved up to her and mounted her from behind.  Ann
moved off the mattress and onto all fours on the floor.  The blindly stabbed his
huge cock at her.  His efforts finally were rewarded as his sank his 9" penis
deeply inside her.  Again the flashes lite the room as the dog began humping. 
Ann found herself spreading her legs further and laid her check to the cell
floor.  This shift in position pushed her ass higher into the air and caused his
prick to miss its target.  Realizing what she had done and in desperate need of
and orgasm she quickly lowered her ass.  Only the dog and raised to get a new
angle and drove deeply into her tiny asshole.  She screamed.  Her tiny rosebud
felt as though it was on fire.  The dog did not stop its assault and soon she
felt the dog's prick began to swell and then with one last shove he emptied his
load of dog cum deeply into her ass.  Ass the dog pumped his semen into her she
looked up and found man's penis at eye level.  She immediately took it in and
was rewarded with a soft pat on the head and a "good bitch."

Soon all the men were stripping.  She was laid on her back and was busy sucking
the dog handler's cock as 1 by 1 the men would nestle between her legs pump and
few strokes and deposit their loads into her gaping pussy.  She began to orgasm
as the last man pumped his load into her.  As he finished and pulled back the
man who she had been sucking reward her efforts by sending several spurts of his
hot cum into her mouth.  As he finished he withdrew his manhood from her mouth
and wiped it across her face saying something in Spanish and leaving her alone
in the floor of her cell.  The policeman tossed a Polaroid picture of her and
the dog onto her chest and said in plain English.  "This never happened, did it
whore?  Now cleanup this mess with you tongue," he said pointing to the stream
of semen that oozed from her used pussy and had formed a pool on the floor.  He
grabbed her by the hair and pushed her face down into it.  "With your tongue!" 
She felt as though she was going to vomit as she lapped up the foul mixture and
saw the flashes of light. 

Ann cleaned herself up as best she could and softly cried herself back to sleep. 
Light was shining through the window as someone called her name.  It was the
judge.  She dared not say anything to him.  She had hid the pictures in the
waistband of her pants as he said, "It is time.  Don't worry Ann, it will all be
over soon."  Her wrists and ankles were shackled and she was led to a waiting
car.  She was placed in the back seat facing the judge who bore an evil grin. 
The driver got in, started the car and began driving away from the city.  "I
hope that no one disturbed you last night," the Judge said through the
ever-present evil grin.  She watched as he shifted in his seat and spread his
legs wide.  Their eyes met and she followed his down to his crotch.  "You must
know that I wish I could reduce the number of lashes."

"Would you please!" She cried. "150 will kill me."

"What is it that you have to offer me for risking this? If anyone ever found
out, I'd be labeled a coward." She knew what he wanted and so she eased off the
seat on kneeled between his legs.  She unzipped his pants and fished out his
cock and began sucking him off.  "Very good little one.  If you should want to
stay in Costa Rica I will personally grant you a visa."  He laughed at the
thought as he put his hands behind her head and pushed himself deeper into her. 
"We will need to stop by the clinic on the way to Senor Sanchez's.  By the way,
when I cum I expect you not to swallow until I give you permission.  If you do
or you spill one drop of my precious gift, I will be forced to terminate our
little arrangement.  If you understand then you my play with my balls."  He felt
her hands immediately fondle his nut sack.  She could feel the car beginning to
slow.  "Here it comes" was all he said as he began spurting his nasty seed into
her waiting mouth.  She took it all and did not swallow.  "Very good.  We're at
the clinic now.  Be a good girl and don't say a word."

They got out of the car and made the short walk to the door of a small building. 
They were on the outskirts of town.  He knocked on the door and an old portly
Hispanic woman opened the door.  The spoke in Spanish and she pointed to a door. 
The three of them headed down the small hall and through the door.  It opened
into a typical doctor's office except the floor was concrete and all the
equipment was stainless steel.  She patted the table and pointed to Ann's pants. 
Ann didn't understand but couldn't ask either.  "She wants you to get up on the
table and take off your clothes" the judge said.  Ann's eyes got big but she
didn't dare speak or refuse.  Once she had removed her clothes she sat naked on
the cold table.  The old woman, whom she presumed was a doctor, gently pulled
her back.  Ann was now laying on the table staring up at the weathered ceiling. 
She felt her shackled wrists being bound above her head and the she felt her
feet being separated.  He feet were fastened into stirrups as in a
gynecologist's office.  She watched as the woman dawned rubber gloves and moved
between her legs.  The nasty taste in her mouth was beginning to make her
queasy.  She heard the woman say something in Spanish to the judge.

"Tsk tsk tsk.  You are a cum whore aren't you?' The judge asked.  "She say's it
looks like you must have milked all the guards last night.  We cannot have you
going to get whipped and leaking cum everywhere.  The good doctor is going to
clean you up or out" he laughed.  She felt the doctor's gloved hand invade her
pussy, one finger at a time.  Soon the doctor was shoving her entire fist in to
Ann pussy.  The doctor's other and began probing Ann's anus.  One finger was all
that she put in her.  If not for all the cum still in Ann's pussy the doctor's
intrusion would have truly hurt.  Next Ann watched as the doctor pulled a small
hose down from the ceiling and pushing the tube into Ann's waiting pussy.  Ann
squirmed as the hose snaked its way deeper.  She felt an ice-cold spurt as the
woman turned on the faucet and water shot up into her and poured out.  The
doctor then pulled the tube from Ann pussy and shoved it into her rectum.  The
warm water flooded Ann's ass.  Her stomach began to swell and cramp.  Small
beads of  sweat formed on her forehead.  She held it as long as she could before
the contents of her bowels and the hose splattered to the floor. What happened
next was beyond even Ann's wildest imagination.  She heard the Judge say
something in Spanish and the old woman grunted.  Ann watched as the woman went
to the cupboard and fiddled with something. When the old woman turned around she
was holding a large syringe half filled with a blue liquid.  Ann's eyes widened
in horror.  She tried to yell but her mouth was still holding a nasty mixture of
semen and saliva.  The old woman eased up to Ann's head and patted her softly. 
Ann didn't understand what was happening until the old woman carefully parted
Ann's lips and inserted the needle between her teeth and drew the vile
concoction into the syringe.  

Ass soon as Ann's mouth was emptied she opened it to breath.  Her breath was cut
short as a leather strap was quickly placed between her lips and teeth and tied
tightly into place beneath the headrest.  The old woman laid the syringe down
and pushed a button on the side of the table.  As a motor hummed beneath Ann,
the table began to fold, forming a "V" at Ann's waist.  Ann was now sitting up
looking down between her legs with her knees pushed up to her ears.  Ann's
breast slid between her legs and only somewhat obstructed the view of her own
crotch.   Ann's new position made it difficult to breath deeply and her groin
ached from the stretch it was now in.  Drool ran down the corners of her mouth
and dripped onto her breasts as she watched the old woman move a stool and sit
down between her legs.   "This is really going to hurt" she heard the Judge say
as he moved beside her to a better vantage point.  To her dismay she saw the
nurse remove the large syringe and needle from the tray and fish a small tube
from her lab coat.  Ann sighed as the old woman placed the needle in the end of
the tube and rest the syringe on her lap.  But, Ann comfort was short lived as
the woman picked up the open end of the tube and began feeding it into Ann's
gaping cunt.  The woman began manipulating Ann's clit and stopped moving the
tube any deeper.  Despite trying Ann could not help becoming aroused.  She could
feel her pulse quicken as the old woman quickened her pace and began inserting
fingers into Ann's pussy.   Ann's felt her orgasm coming and released a flood of
her own cum. The old woman seized the end of the hose with her two fingers and
began working towards Ann's cervix.  Ann's screamed into her gag as she felt the
pain as the end of the hose slipped past the opening of her cervix and deeply
into her uterus. 

"There, There little one," the Judge said. "This phase is nearly complete." The
old woman looked at the Judge who simply nodded and she began depressing the
plunger and sending the mixture deeply into Ann's uterus.  Ann was sweating
profusely now.  Immediately cramps began to seize her abdomen.  There was a
searing or burning pain coming from deep within her body.  "You will now bare me
an off spring, whore!" the Judge said as he moved away from the table.  "That
mixture contained a hormone which will stimulate you reproductive system.  We
are nearly through."  Again he nodded at the old woman who pulled 2 smaller and
2 larger syringes from her pockets.  "Each one of those carries specific
hormones.  The first one," he nodded to the old woman as she picked up a
syringe," is designed to strengthen and tighten your sphincter."  Another nod
and the old woman shoved the needle right into the muscle, which she knew was
her sphincter.  The woman slowly pushed the liquid through the needle and into
the muscle.  Ann could feel the difference immediately.  Her tiny rosebud shrank
even smaller.  Ann felt as though she could snap a pencil in half.  The judge
nodded to the old woman who cruelly grabbed Ann's left nipple and began twisting
it.  Once Ann's nipple was hard the woman retrieved one of the two large
syringes.  Ann watched in shock and tried to scream as the old woman sank four
inches of needle into Ann's left breast through the end of her nipple. 
Immediately her breast was afire as the liquid was pushed into her breast.  The
same procedure was repeated on Ann's right breast.  Ann was sobbing now, and on
the verge of passing out.  "Would you like to take a brief break," asked the
Judge.  Ann just looked glassy eyed.  The judge said something in Spanish and
the old woman brought him and ammonia capsule.  He broke it under Ann's nose and
she was returned to the agonized state.  "Those were injections of a hormone
which increases milk production in bovine, we have found that it works well on
human too.  Additionally, there was a growth hormone in that designed to cause
rapid growth through cell division.  Oh, I really don't want you to miss this
part.  It is the worst for you, right now, but the best for me."

Once again the old woman began fingering Ann's clit.  Her head buzzed and she
immediately responded to the woman touch.  As the blood rushed too her cunt her
hood gave way to her budding clit.  All three watched it grow.  It blossomed
from the size of a match head into a bright pink bud, a little longer than a
quarter inch and about the size of an eraser on the end of a pencil.  Ann nearly
fainted as she watched the old woman apply a pair of hemostats to trap it out. 
The pain was excruciating as the woman squeezed the hemostats closed, trapping
Ann's exposed and swollen clit.  Ann couldn't even feel the needle as she
inserted it directly into the clit.  But as the old woman began pushing the
liquid in, the clit began to swell and strain against to accommodate the
swelling.  Ann was sure that her clit was about to burst just before the old
woman removed the hemostats.  This sent a new level of pain racing through Ann. 
Ann new she was going to die, then.  She wanted to.  Anything to ease the pain. 
Her clit throbbed, her nipples throbbed and her breasts burned.  The pain in her
ass subsided in comparison but it was no relief.  "Now you will have a clit like
hers."  The judge said pointing to the old woman who backed away and pulled up
her dress. 

Ann nearly fainted from the sight.  It looked as if the old woman had a penis. 
Her clit was at least 4 inches long as it hung between the folds of her pussy. 
"We must be on our way.  You have done well.  I will make an excuse as to why
your sentence has been lessoned to only 40 stokes with my cane.  Are you ready?"
Ann was in another world.  A burning pain was constant as she  tried to hobble
to the car and ride the remainder of the way.  During the ride the Judge had
removed her shackles and fixed her a drink. They arrived at the hacienda about
30 minutes later and other than the burning pains in her breasts, anus and clit
she felt somewhat normal.  "Remember, this Ann," he said looking into her eyes,
"your stay was uneventful, that is unless you want those pictures spread around
the world."

Sanchez and Bob greeted Ann and the Judge at the front door.  Ann flew into
Bob's arms as he asked,. "They didn't hurt you did they?"

"No I am just frightened."

The Judge looked at the group who was assembling in the courtyard. "I am a fare
man who recognizes now that while Ann did assault a federal officer she didn't
do it with malice.  Therefore I'm reducing her sentence to only 40 strokes with
my cane.  Sanchez, by the power invested in me I recognize you as an officer of
the court and am herby ordering you to administer 40 stokes within 30 minutes. 
To be consistent with the nature of the offense the strokes must be applied to
the genitaila and breasts.  You may decide the number for each."  Ann started
crying and held tightly to Bob.  "Bind her hands behind her back and then pull
them up until she is bent at the waist.  After you have done that stake her feet
at least four feet apart," the judge ordered Bob tossing him some rope.  Bob
pried Ann loose and bound her per the judge's orders.  Her pleas fell upon deaf
ears. "Now removing her clothing, all of it," ordered the Judge.    Bob
complied.  Ann's wails rang in his ears but his dick was now growing hard.  Ann
saw Lizbeth and Leona approach flanking Bob.  Lizbeth was naked and whelps
adorned her entire body.  Leona held a short leash that disappears between
Lizbeth's legs. 

 Ann wasn't ready as Sanchez's first blow landed squarely between the folds of
her pussy and smashed her clit against her pelvic bone.  Ann cried out but no
one moved to help.  Quickly the second, third and forth blows landed directly in
the same place.  Ann's hips now danced. "Please try not to move, Seniora.  If I
miss it will not count." And again four more strokes landed in place.  Ann was
begging Sanchez to stop. 

"Anything.  I'll do anything. Just please stop."  Sanchez moved around to Ann's
side.  She didn't realize it and he quickly applied 4 rapid stokes to her
breasts.  Each stroke landed across the nipples and again Ann danced around
repeating begging for mercy.  Bob's dick was now rock hard and shoved against
his trousers.  Leona, desperate for revenge noticed the bulge and casually
brushed her hand against it.  Bob's reaction was strictly instinctual as he
pushed forward against her hand.  Leona, now standing behind Bob put her hands
in his pockets and began stroking his member.  In doing so, she dropped
Lizbeth's leash and the Judge caught it. He looked at Lizbeth and gave it a tug. 
Her knees bent and she swayed her back to ease the tugging at her clit. 

Sanchez didn't stop his assault.  Oblivious to the other's actions he aimed the
cane and again snapped four quick blows to Ann's breasts.  Ann's screams and
swelling mounds engorged Bob's already swollen member.  Leona's caresses were
taking affect.  Bob was on the verge of an orgasm when he saw the judge push
Lizbeth to her knees in front of him.  She knew what to do and in no time her
head was bobbing up and down.  Bob watched as Sanchez moved behind Ann and
turned his attention to the crevice between her butt checks. Four quick blows
brought a fresh set of pleas to Ann's lips.  In between sobs she screamed, "God, 
Anything.  I'll do anything just please stop.  PPPLEASE!   Please Stop!" 
Sanchez now noticed the Judge and Lizbeth.  He looked at Bob who was turning
around to face Leona and pushing her to her knees.

"Look at what your pain is doing to them.  They are receiving all the pleasure,"
he whispered in Ann's ear.  In between sobs she heard what he said and felt his
finger beginning to play with her clit.  "My what an impressive clit," he said
continuing to rub it.  Ann's pain began to subside diminish as she concentrated
on the pleasant feelings from her abused and swollen clit.  "So, what will it
be, the last 20 strokes or some more pleasure," Sanchez asked?

"No more strokes, please" she begged.

"Alright then take me into your mouth and earn your reward."  Sanchez moved to
stand before Ann and unzipped his pants.  Ann's eye's widened as his massive
tool fell from his pants. "Let me help you," he offered as he put the massive
head to her lips.  She opened her mouth and accepted him.   It was all she could
do to just move her tongue around its head.   Soon he began to swell and her jaw
began to ache.  His massive tool pushed against her throat as he attempted to
force it down her.  "That's it my little daisy.  Alas I fear your mouth will not
accommodate me very well.  Prepare yourself to be seriously  fucked." Sanchez
withdrew his weapon and Ann gasped for air.  Her jaw was tired.  She could feel
Sanchez playing with her clit and felt the flush as her body readied her pussy
for the invasion.  Bob saw what was going on and pulled himself from Leona's
mouth and moved closer to watch.  He saw Sanchez place a giant finger in Ann's
pussy and begin working it in and out.  Ann was responding and moved back to
meet his advance.  Several strokes later Sanchez moved and placed the head of
his huge penis at the entrance of her love tunnel and pulled her back. 

The injection that the old woman had given her was working.  The walls of her
vagina had swollen and it was a struggle to fill the void.  Even though she was
aroused it felt as though she couldn't accommodate his size. From his vantage
point Bob could see her cunt lips stretching to accept the girth of Sanchez's
penis.  Little gasps escaped her lips as he Sanchez pounded forward finally
resting against her cervix.  Thankfully, she thought, he hadn't stopped playing
with her clit.  He sunk into her fully and left his manhood against the opening
of her cervix.  Several more thrusts and he was feeling the ripples of her
muscles.  Ann was enjoying the stretching of her pussy.  The pain mixed with the
pleasure put her on a new plain.  Leona now placed her pussy just in front of
Ann's face and pulled her face into her crotch.  Ann's tongue began flicking
Leona's little bud back and forth.  Bob moved behind Leona and entered her. 
Ann's tongue licked at Bob's prick as it cycled in and out of Leona's pussy. 
Sanchez dipped his index finger into Ann's wet snatch and the pushed against her
tightly squeezed rosebud. 

Ann's eyes registered her shock as she felt Sanchez's big finger begin invading
her.  She breathed a sigh as she felt Sanchez quicken his pace pumping in and
out of her while removing his finger. She thought that he was going to orgasm as
he pulled out of her.  To her dismay she felt the massive head lodge against her
virgin ass hole.  She screamed into Leona's pussy.  Leona pulled Ann's face
harder against her twat as Sanchez gripped Ann's hips and shoved into her.  Ann
could feel the tissue tear and felt as if she would vomit as Sanchez sank into
the depths of her bowels.  Bob immediately lost control and pumped volumes of
cum into Leona's waiting pussy.  His spunk began oozing out smeared against
Ann's face.  The judge came too.  Lizbeth hungrily swallowed his cum.  Several
strokes later Sanchez unloaded into Ann's ass as she passed out. 

When Ann awoke she was in a strange hotel.  She was mad at Bob and was very sore
all over.  Her breasts unusually heavy and her ass and pussy throbbed.  A short
time later Bob appeared carrying a breakfast tray.  She turned away from him. 
"I understand if you are mad but unless you want to stay here, our plane leaves
in 2 hours," he said turning to leave. 

That had been a year ago and their relationship had seemed to get better before
faltering.  Following the advice of some mutual friends the two entered marriage
counseling.  This trip to Las Vegas was a last ditch effort by both to save
their marriage.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Discerningtop


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





