BDSM Library - Interrogation Of A Stewardess




Interrogation Of A Stewardess
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The capital of a country in South America, where the military once again has succeeded in maneuvering out democracy. The country was now ruled by a General named Caztiz, who's favorite pastime was to watch and take part in the torture that was carried out on the helpless female prisoners that the army had caught during their search for the guerilla.
"Interrogation of a stewardess"
by Electrosadist.

The scene:

The capital of a country in South America, where the military once again has
succeeded in maneuvering out democracy. The country was now ruled by a General
named Caztiz, who's favorite pastime was to watch and take part in the torture
that was carried out on the helpless female prisoners that the army had caught
during their search for the guerilla.

The story begins when a plane from a Scandinavian airline is about to leave the
country, just a few days after the army take-over. On the plane are mostly
foreigners; wealthy businessmen but also some people who sympathize with the
former government.



- - -


Lise was a stewardess. She had worked at this airline for about one year now and
liked her job very much. The day she got employed was one of the happiest days
in her 21 years long life, as far as she could recall. In her job, she got to
see many places far away from Norway, where she lived. It was so exciting for
her to travel and to meet new people all the time.

She also had all the chances to meet new men, especially as she was a very
attractive girl: 35-25-35, well-trained, blond long hair and with a very pretty
face. Some freckles did not disturb the impression she made on the men she met;
on the contrary, they all seemed to like her youngish look.

But she never got really close to any man; she was taught to wait for the right
one and he had not shown up yet. If it hadn't been for a short romance a few
weeks ago, she would still have been a virgin.

Lise was a very nervous stewardess right now, though. She had reacted very
strongly when she, at home in Norway, had heard about the military takeover in
this country. How could they!! Those beasts did not have anything left for rules
and democracy, she thought. The reports of heavy torture against women had upset
her very much and seemed somehow to have helped her to come to her decision: on
her next flight she would do something to help the poor people in this country.

That was the reason why she via connections had contacted the guerilla, to help
them to export evidence of torture to the international media. The plan was
simple: they had delivered a videotape to her at her hotel, and she was supposed
to carry it through customs and then give it to a reporter at CNN after arriving
in Norway. A simple task.

She had watched the videotape at the hotel, alone in her room, just because she
was curious. Was it really that bad? If not, she would eventually change her
mind and not bring the tape along with her. Even if the risk was small, not to
say non-existing, there was always a small possibility that something could go
wrong. Lise was known by her friends to be a very careful person; she was also
very afraid of getting hurt.

What she saw on the tape convinced her. She had to make long pauses because she
couldn't stand what she saw: young girls, in her own age and even much younger,
receiving heavy torture, mostly electrotorture, in an interrogation chamber. It
seemed that the video was not recorded in secrecy as the quality was very good,
both sound and picture. Those vile beasts had recorded the torture by some
bizarre reason, she thought, and now the video had fallen into the wrong hands.

It was all to much for her to take in, and she even threw up once after an
especially evil scene in which a blonde girl like herself, pregnant though, was
tortured with an electric prod stuck right up her vagina. The look in the
screaming girl's eyes convinced her. Lise was now determined to help the
guerilla.

So that's why she had the videotape in her crew bag right now, as the DC-10 was
taxing out for take-off. She had been very nervous at the customs but they
hadn't even bothered to check her bag; as a stewardess she stood beyond all
suspicions, she thought. But she would not feel comfortable before she was
airborne.

She went through the procedures before take-off in a professional manner,
showing emergency exits and oxygen masks just as if it was a completely normal
flight for her. All procedures went on normally as the plane was slowly rolling
towards the runway when the plane suddenly halted, seemingly without any reason.
Lise's heart started to pound hard, but she tried to calm down, telling herself
that there must be a simple reason for the delay.

After a few minutes without moving, the passengers were beginning to ask Lise
and her colleagues what was going on, why didn't they take off? Lise tried to
look calm and smiled, but she didn't know why the plane didn't move.

Suddenly some military trucks drove up to the front exit of the plane. The
captain opened the door and a stair was rolled to the plane.

Into the plane rushed more than ten soldiers, with drawn automatic guns. Some
passengers started to scream in shock, some others seemed paralyzed instead. The
soldiers slowed down and started smiling when they saw Lise standing in the aft
cabin, her knees now trembling and her urine dripping down her stockings. She
looked gorgeous, the soldiers thought, just gorgeous...

They grabbed her by each shoulder and marched her in a very harsh way all the
way through the isle to the front exit. Some passengers protested loudly, only
to be quieted by a slap or two from the soldiers. A very observant person could
see, though, that two or maybe three of the elderly businessmen traveling in
business class smiled slightly when they saw the scene unfold in front of them.
One of the men even touched himself through his trousers - very discrete, hidden
by his newspaper - and thought of what the soldiers would do to the blonde
stewardess, how they would strip her completely naked, tie her down on a hard
table, attach electrodes to all her sensitive spots, then listen smilingly to
her pitiful screams...

Later during flight, when he masturbated twice on the toilet, he felt sad that
he never got the chance to see such beautiful torture live.


- - -


The truck drove very fast through the city. Lise was immediately blindfolded
after being seated in the back of the truck together with the soldiers. Her
babbling questions about where she was brought and why, were silenced with hard
slaps right across her mouth. She very soon learned to keep quiet, just as quiet
as the soldiers were. What really worried her though was that no one seemed to
be interested in raping her - that meant that something worse was in store for
her...

The truck halted suddenly. She had her blindfold removed and could see that she
was in a garage in a cellar somewhere.

She was pushed out of the truck and marched to a steel door. The door opened and
inside there was a long corridor with nothing but concrete walls, illuminated by
some naked bulbs.

As they had handcuffed her, she had problems keeping her balance when they
pushed her, but somehow she managed. She was very, very scared, and couldn't
help that she once again tried to make verbal contact with her abductors, but
for no good. This time they stopped and one of the soldiers kicked her in the
groin very hard, without saying anything. She lost her breath and fell down on
the concrete floor. Then they dragged her sobbing body through the door in the
end of the corridor...

The room where she was brought was surprising to her, in it's brightness and
clinical impression it made on her. She was not sure what she had expected but
anyway not this, not in this cellar. The room did seem familiar to her in some
way. Lise suddenly understood that this was the room that she had seen in the
video! The floor and walls of the room were all covered with simple, white tile.
Bright lights, almost like the ones used in surgery, were illuminating the room.
A lot of equipment which looked much like the one that can be found in the ER
was placed on trolleys and small tables. On many spots there were video cameras
mounted, as well as microphones of good quality. The recording equipment seemed
to be professional.

In the middle of the room she could see a big steel table, securely bolted to
the floor. The table had metal bracelets fitting for a human body: one for the
neck, two for the wrists and two for the ankles. She could also see some
additional straps for holding the victim strapped hard down to the table...

What frightened her the most though, was the sight of a big box, standing on a
trolley. The box had meters and dials on it, and many black wires led from the
box to various clips, steel dildos and other metal items...

The soldiers pushed her towards a desk, where another uniformed man sat waiting
for her. He seemed to be in charge of this ghostly place; Lise could see that
both from his uniform that differed from the others and from the calm and secure
manners he had. Lise was pushed in front of him. He smiled slightly, looked at
her from top to toe, nodded approvingly and then stared her in the eyes. Lise
was too scared to stare back at him.

- Well well, so this is our blonde, little stewardess that we have heard so much
about... Little Lise! I'm sure we will have a good time together. He laughed,
and stood up from his chair.

- Strip her.

The order was short and very concise. The two soldiers now started to rip off
her blue uniform jacket. As soon as it was done and her purple lace-bra was
revealed, the turn came to her skirt. Lise was scared stiff but tried to kick
herself loose anyway, as the panic overwhelmed her. The two soldiers easily held
her, and down came the skirt. The long thin silk stockings were ripped down, and
Lise was now exposed in her purple lace underwear. Her gorgeous body was
unfolded and she was trembling all over as she saw the officer studying her up
and down.

- Follow the lady to her... eh, quarters and prepare her for tomorrow.

The man laughed again, an evil laughter that sent chills up Lise's spine.

She was now marched from the room through another corridor, down one stair and
to a cellar. Lise was thrown into a cell that was cold and dirty. Some rats were
scared when the door opened and tried to hide in the corners. Lise was now
placed standing in the middle of the room, and one of the soldiers smilingly
locked her hands behind her back with handcuffs. The other soldier took down a
noose that was hanging from a hook in the roof, and placed poor Lise's sweet
head through the noose. The noose was now tightened, and Lise had to stand on
her tip-toes not to suffocate.

Lise panicked again, and screamed to the soldiers as they tightened the noose
that she didn't want to die, that they should let her loose. She became even
more desperate when they silently left for the door, closed it and left Lise
with her noose, a light from a naked bulb in the roof, and the rats that
curiously came closer...

The night was long for Lise, standing tied with the noose around her pretty
throat, in a cold cell with nothing but fear in her mind. Fear for the rats,
which were tickling her feet in attempts to climb upwards, but mostly fear for
what would be done to her the next day. As she had to stand on her toes she had
no chance to sleep or even rest, and her cramping calves and legs ached terribly
even after just a few minutes. Lise cried silently and when she couldn't fight
her body anymore, she let her urine flush through her purple lace pants and drip
onto the muddy floor. At that point the two soldiers who had the night shift in
the control room clapped their hands and commented her behavior, seeing it all
take place on a video screen in their comfortable control room two floors up in
the building.

As the morning finally came, the door to Lise's cell was opened by two other
soldiers. The sight was disgusting to them. The blonde girl hang almost limp
from the noose, stinking from her own urine, but still standing on her toes with
her cramping legs preventing her from suffocation.

They loosened her noose but did not free her hands. After doing so they dragged
her back up to the interrogation room where she was stripped yesterday. She was
now stripped from her stinking panties and was placed on that dreaded steel
table, her panties trussed up beside her...

End of part one.




INTERROGATION OF A STEWARDESS ,   part two

Lise begged for mercy when the guards easily laid her down on the table, 
swiftly securing her ankles to each corner of it. Her head was secured by a 
metal bracelet around her throat, and an additional metal band over her 
forehead. Her arms were fastened along the sides of the table, her hands 
wildly flexing near her hips but still far away from them... There was not 
much left of that cocky dignity she had as a stewardess, holding her nose 
high walking through the isle...

It was when the guards put the equipment in place that Lise fully understood 
what she was going to be put through. She stared in disbelief at the wires, 
the clips, the generator... and that thick metal baton... oh God nooo... not 
the baton...

As the guards were ready, the uniformed man she had met yesterday entered 
the room. He was accompaigned by a nurse and a doctor.
- Well hello again Lise, he said softly. Let me introduce myself. My name is 
General Cruelo, and I'll be Your host during Your stay here. He laughed out 
loud, and sat down beside the table.
- And, he continued, let me make it totally clear for You from the 
beginning: this doctor and nurse are certainly not here to help You, they 
are here to help me. To help out in the interrogation.

Those words were confirmed by a grin from the doctor and the evil staring 
from the nonsmiling nurse. She was blonde, seemed to be about 35 years old 
and had a gorgeous body under her uniform.

Lise started to cry, silently and helplessly. She understood fully now that 
there was no, absolutely no, help to get. She was totally naked, open and 
vulnerable, left to the mercy of these cruel people. Mercy that she still 
hoped for but was not going to get...

The general picked up one clip with a wire attached to it and let the jaws 
open and close a few times in front of Lise's eyes. She stared at the clip, 
silently moaning "No, no, no..." as the general slowly let the clip travel 
down the trembling but oh so beautiful well-trained young body. He teased 
her throat, her breasts, let the clip touch her left nipple - OH MY GOD, 
PLEASE DON'T CLIP MY NIPPLE - just to continue down south, slowly travelling 
over the smooth belly, halting for a second in the bellybutton, just to 
slowly continue it's short trip down into the lovely thick-haired bush... OH 
NOO NOO NOO PLEEEASE NOOO...

Lise panicked even before she felt the clip touching her labia. The nurse 
now helped out by easily parting the labia and then lifting the clitoral 
hood with two of her well-manicured fingernails. The general mused as he 
slowly let the jaws of the clip grip into the small pink bud, creating a 
high-pitched scream and madly contortions from Lise. Oh, he chuckled for 
himself, was she really that sensitive... How fun would this not be when the 
real torture started, he thought. He begun to get hard.

Lise was hysterical. In all her life she had never actually been hurt, not 
by anyone. To feel the clip close hard and mercilessly on her most sensitive 
spot made her cry, both from pain and from shame. The fact that a blonde 
woman as herself stood right over her, staring evilly into her eyes, was 
hard to take in. How could another woman betray a member of her own sex, a 
"sister"? Lise cried like a baby, tears streaming down her cheeks...

When Lise saw the general taking the next item from the tray, the thick 
metal baton, she panicked. NOOO NOOO, WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO WITH THAT, OH 
GOOOD HELP ME HELP ME OHHH NOOOO... Hummingly general Cruelo connected a 
black wire, coated with rubber, to the baton and pressed a button at it's 
base. There was a crackling sound and a spark ignited at the very top of the 
baton. Oh yeah, he thought, this was going to be some session...

He slipped a pair of black rubber gloves on and took out a jar of contact 
ointment from a drawer in the table, took a generous portion of it and 
smeared it onto the baton before carefully and slowly inserting it, inch by 
inch, into Lise's tight vagina. The sight when the labia parted more and 
more, surrounded by the thick pubic hair, was delicious to the general.

After connecting the wire from the clip to the baton, general Cruelo 
launched the current for the first time that night. There was now nothing 
left to hope for for poor, poor Lise. The powerful jolt sent her body into 
spasms that seemed almost epileptical, her chest heaving wildly, her whole 
body trying to get loose but in vain of course, a guttural scream coming 
from her throat:

- AAAAARRRRGGHHHHHNNNNNGGGNNNNNNNNN

The nurse slapped Lise's face. Finally the nurse smiled, just a smirk but 
anyway, she smiled.

The general listened smilingly to the no longer human squeals. How could it 
be possible, he thought, that such a simple instrument could inflict such 
pain? It was so wonderful that it was possible, he thought. He loved this; 
to sit calmly, with his finger pressing one single button, listening to a 
very young, blonde, naked and definitely helpless girl's desperate cries 
from pain. He could do that for the rest of his life, he thought. For the 
rest of his life. And there was nothing stopping him; he held the Carte 
Blanche, he was allowed to do exactly what he liked to - he was the General!

And this was exactly what he liked to do, as he had done so many times 
before in this room. Usually the girl's all begged desperately for mercy; 
even when they were brought back from unconsciusness, the first word that 
erupted from their mouths was always: PLEEEASE! or MEEERCY! But the general 
never, ever granted them any mercy. He pressed his beloved button and 
watched in glee how his victims writhed, and listened hummingly to the 
wonderful screams...

The first jolt lasted a minute. A whole minute. Lise was still very 
beautiful, general Cruelo thought, but she was tired. Tired from the pain 
and tired from the contractions, the wildly spasming muscles that didn't 
come to rest, even though her first plunge in the pool was over. Lise tried 
to catch her breath, she was beyond panic now, it was just a matter of 
surviving, her body covered in a sheen of fresh sweat, her eyes opening in 
disbelief and seeing the same nurse, the same doctor and the very same 
general, nothing had changed except from that the nurse was smiling happily 
now...

She was not allowed to recover totally, so the second blast went off half a 
minute after the first one. Lise now urinated all over the nether part of 
the table, she screamed, screamed and screamed again, she tried to get loose 
but she stayed put, and the doctor now injected something into her veins, 
not that she noticed when it happened, but she wondered how come she didn't 
faint as the current felt more powerful and much longer than the first 
time... and she was right, it was...

When the general finally released the button on the baton, Lise was just a 
mess of trembling flesh, completely broken mentally, babbling, cramping... 
but the baton stayed put. It stayed inside Lise, waiting patiently for the 
next blast...But first the questions. Who delivered the tape? Who is Your 
contact? Who? Where?

Lise was in a state of collapse, but somehow she managed to be present. She 
did not know why, but it was the injection that caused that.
She cried silently and begged, oh how she begged her tormentors to set her 
free. She begged like a child, totally without dignity, but oh so arousing 
to the three torturers; it was the most beautiful music to their ears:

- PLEEEASE, PLEEEASE, SET ME FREE, I BEG YOU, I CAN'T TAKE THIS, SET ME 
FREEE... I CAN'T STAND THIS...

- Of course You can't, the General laughed. that's the whole point. But, 
give me the answers, and it'll all be over. Just the names...

And, it's true that no one can withstand torture when inflicted by 
experts... And experts they were. So Lise took her chance, she gave them all 
the names, knowing that her contacts now were to undergo the same or even 
worse treatment in just a few hours... But that was all that she had to sell 
to them, her only chance. She took it but she failed. The General pressed 
the button once more, smilingly, and the world once again became a living 
hell for Lise. As she had already spoken out the names, she had nothing more 
to sell, and the general had nothing more to loose... now the real fun could 
begin, he thought, taking two long needles with wooden handles out of a 
drawer and calmly connected them to a field telephone apparatus while 
listening to Lise's gurgling screams, naked and secured on the steel 
table...

EPILOGUE

The round trip had been long and Jim was tired. The older he got, the more 
it seemed that he needed some rest after every long businesstrip. As he was 
a chairman in a big industrial company, specialised in business with South 
America, there was a need for his presence at the market in that part of the 
world every now and then. But he tried to travel less these days; he was a 
bit over 50 by now and he thought he had the right to slow down the pace a 
bit.

His young wife was asleep when he came home, so he poured himself a whisky 
and checked on his mail. He felt happy when he saw the package, delivered by 
express mail; those videos that were so hard to get... He had been connected 
to the distributor by a business friend that shared his interest for sadism. 
These videos were real, always recorded in countries where law and women's 
rights had no meaning. As the photo and sound always was superb, it gave him 
a feeling of presence, of being there... So close to live that one could 
get.

He slipped the video into his VCR and saw the show unfold. As he recognized 
the blonde stewardess that had been dragged out of the plane, the one he had 
fantasised about on the airplane toilet, he immediately got hard. After 
watching a few minutes he decided to wake his wife up, to make her join 
watching the show. He also decided to take the whole day off tomorrow: this 
video he would watch many times in a row, he decided.

When he saw the General turning the crank of a field telephone sending 
current through the long needles, one stuck up the vagina all the way into 
the uterus of the stewardess and the other stuck into the anus of the poor 
bound girl, he came for the first time into his young blonde wife. And when 
he saw and heard the doctor telling the stewardess that he had discovered 
she was two months pregnant, he came again, while watching the sursprised 
and panicced eyes of the naked girlish victim, and seeing the nurse smiling 
happier than ever before as she once more reached for the electric baton...

It was a long and lovely night, his wife riding him wildly in front of the 
TV, both staring at the wonderful show, listening to young Lise's 
neverending pleas and pitiful begging between the current, in a torture 
room... somewhere in South America.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Electrosadist


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





