BDSM Library - Irena & Renee Go To Extremes




Irena & Renee Go To Extremes
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A progressive 3-parter that starts with this episode and Renee's introduction to differing sex parts in her friend's attempt to clear her of past.
The following is entirely fictitious and intended solely for adult readership.
Please do not continue if you are in any way offended by adult content, or if
such content is not accepted by your community standards. Any further use of
this original material other than your own personal enjoyment is prohibited
without first receiving the express permission of the author.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Faibhar




Irena & Renee Go To Extremes, Part One: The Pleasure Slave

Prologue

	The weak electric glow from the cramp dressing room they were in seeped
out the door less entrance. Its wash helped Renee put faces and bodies to the
sounds she heard from the larger space they adjoined. Awed, she saw many naked
males and females, some of who were being abused by others.
	
	"Here. This is for you," Irena said as she brought forth the latex
helmet.
	
	Renee looked at the hideous mask her friend held, and then stole another
glance at her own reflection in the vanity mirror: she saw what looked to be a
combination fashion model-whore.
	
	She looked again at the collar Irena had fastened around her throat,
swallowed, and then turned to be fitted with the helmet.
	
	
Part One
	
	
	A loud metallic clank fed power to the overhead light, suddenly
illuminating the female nude strapped the table below. Its subject radiated in
an otherwise sea of ink.
	
	She may have felt a slight sensation of heat as the glare focused on her
body, but the full padded latex covering her head muffled all other senses,
including hearing. Just as she no longer heard the cries of those being
tormented by their lustful masters and mistresses barely some feet away, the
noise of the overhead's switch was muted.
	
	Purists might contend that with her wrists and ankles also bound in
leather and hooded with latex she was technically not 'nude' but merely naked,
though for most gathered around the female such petty distinctions were the
least of their concerns.
	
	"You take the other one," said the disembodied voice as the owner's arm
entered into the pool of light and glossy fingernails wrapped around the nude's
compliant left breast. "This one's all mine..."
	
	The owner revealed herself to be a middle-aged woman as she entered the
light. Flowing raven hair covered most of her face as she bent toward fingers
already molding the pale breast. Others glimpsed a flash of white teeth. The one
on the table writhed as the teeth found the plump oval and teasingly bit the
tender flesh whose pinkish tint was washed out by the bright light.
	
	Sounds in the dark around the table continued, but those closest focused
on the female before them. One suggested sliding open the soft plastic zipper
covering her mouth. Cheers sounded as one, then another male member entered the
orifice. Slurping noises mingled with grunts and groans. Someone suggested
unlocking her ankles and was helped placing the athletic young woman's feet flat
on the table. Her back arched and hips pumped upward as she was entered time and
time again. The shiny slit between her thighs bucked up, begging for more.
	
	And so the evening went.
	
	"You have brought us a very willing and delectable slave," said the male
baritone to the tall redhead barely be seen in the gloom. "You deserve to be
rewarded."
	
	"Thank you, master." Off to one dark corner the two spoke quietly as
those around the table continued to use the nude. In the shadows, the redhead
rustled the long skirt she wore. Hitching it up, she revealed pale legs, one of
which she wrapped around the hip of the man addressing her and used it to pull
him tightly to her body.
	
	
	
	Renee's transition from pleasure slave to pain slave to the ultimate
began innocently enough as she recalled that Sunday spent jogging with her
friend. She felt her legs being lifted up from the table. In her mind she could
not block out the sights and sounds she heard earlier, but she let her thoughts
drift back to that Sunday and wondered just who she was kidding about the
'innocent' encounter with her friend.
	
	Chastity had very little to do with Irena's invitation to spend the
evening Thursday night at her place, and Renee knew it. She suspected as much as
she tested the laces on her cross trainers. Once confided of blues over a jilted
love her best friend shrugged and said something like There was nothing like
getting back up in the saddle immediately following a fall. Or maybe she said
something about trying a new saddle all together different. Despite suspicions
of Irena's see-thru hidden agenda, Renee accepted the invitation and carelessly
promised to swing by shortly after work. The deception might prove to be fun.
	
	Strollers on a sunny San Francisco afternoon favored the two joggers.
Stone facades of piers along the Embarcadero sandwiched them between street and
civic improvements that featured palm trees and vintage subway cars, their
backdrop the heart-pumping city view. An afternoon marine layer tweaked fog
through the Golden Gate span and brought brisk ocean breezes that tattooed their
shiny faces as the syncopated feminine feet tapped toward Pier 39. Encountered
sight-seers could not help but smile as the bouncing pair passed their way, many
taking note of the sports bras each young woman wore; a nipple check clearly was
superfluous for both.
	
	To avoid the tourist congestion they banked up Beach Street on their way
to the quieter shade of Washington Square. In North Beach the winded pair rested
on the grass. Renee did not protest Irena's hand around her own perspiring
shoulder and gratefully shared the water bottle her friend had brought. The two
cooled down from their run and sat to watch the passing parade of mostly locals
walking or waiting for busses.
	
	"I've got to get out of this sun! It's killing my Irish skin."
	
	Renee reclined. Irena was right. Already she could see too many freckles
covering her friend's bare shoulders. She took another swig of water and pointed
to tall trees shading the park's perimeter. "Yeah the rays are out today, for
sure. Let's go over there and get out from under the sun's Ol' Wrinkle
Starters."
	
	Her complexion was much smoother and more olive than Irena's. She shook
her brunette ponytail and stood, helping up the redhead with her hand. Youth was
on their side and looking like weathered leather just did not make sense for
either of them. Her hand wrapped around Irena's and together the pair walked
toward space free from the direct sun rays.
	
	
	
	"You like the wine?"
	
	Renee thought the Chardonnay swirling in the bottom of her glass very
good. In fact, the entire evening had gone splendidly. Seated at the small table
lit by just one candle Renee smiled at her hostess. "Thank you Irena," she said
wondering if the flickering light cast the same luminescence on her hazel eyes
as it did on her friend's emerald ones. "Yes, the wine is exceptional, but then,
so has everything about this evening. Thank you for being so dear. It was a good
idea of yours for me to drop by. I was feeling kinda down before, but not now."
	
	"You can thank me later, darling." The emerald eyes positively glowed,
almost speaking on their own as the single candlelight added to their glitter.
Their loveliness distracted Renee so much, she didn't take notice of the spoken
endearment and totally ignored the cryptic smile. She fought not to gush too
much. Eagerly ready for a change of pace so that she would not feel too
embarrassed over her blushing, she rose from the table as Irena stood. "Come,
there's something I want to show you." Obediently, she followed the copper
ringlets dancing over the back of Irena's mock turtle knit.
	
	Renee had seen Irena's place before. They only lived a block apart in
Pacific Heights and she had been over many times, but always in the company of
others. This was the first time, however, she had ever seen the inside of her
friend's bedroom. Wall sconces warmed rich draperies. Varnished woods furnished
the space. Renee's eyes riveted on the wrought-iron frame dominating the room.
It framed blackened silk sheets. The bed seemed a bit dramatic, but then a
perfect foil for the rest of the room. Being without company made this first
visit all the more special.
	
	Before Renee had a chance to react, Irena swiftly moved from the wall
she had her back to and crushed her lips over her own. The moist lips gave
following their initial shocked defense. Irena slid the tip of her tongue
between Renee's startled mouth and broke away. Her two hands held her friend
close. She glared into Renee's wide eyes and read a glistening mixture of
surprise, good wine and, above all, excitement. She smiled and said, "You've
known what the answer is to your heart-sick woes since I invited you here this
evening, didn't you?"
	
	Renee stammered to protest at first, and then meekly nodded her head in
agreement. Come, what are we waiting for? were all the words she needed to hear
and let her hand be taken as this time they drew closer to the shimmering bed.
	
	The next morning Renee stretched her body. Hands behind her head, she
watched the video recording of the last few hours of sex between her and Irena
on the TV set into the armoire on the wall near the foot of their bed. The
warmed silk sensuously slid across her back as she stretched. A tousled mane of
red curls lay just beneath her chin as her new lover cuddled. She kissed the
curls and then returned to watching their recorded exploits on the wide screen.
	
	Renee could tell Irena was just dozing, and not totally sound asleep,
though heaven knows both of them got precious little rest the night before.
Renee felt the soft breathing on her skin and felt Irena's fingers dreamily
caress the mound atop her breast. Gentle prodding slid the fleshy oval above
firmer meat below yet warmed Renee to her core.
	
	The nipple began to harden. Again.
	
	Renee's eyes widened as she saw the electronic image of herself crawl on
top of Irena straddling her facing away from the camera and her own head
hungrily dive down between the redhead's parted legs.
	
	Music began to blare from the nightstand's alarm clock radio. Irena
sprang to life. She lifted her head away from Renee's arm, took a moment to
adjust to her surroundings, and then swung the hand whose fingers could not stay
away from the other's nipple. It slapped the tight ass cheek. "Cummon, girl!
Time to got to work, but first let's take a shower."
	
	"Ow!" The brunette protested as the slap stung her butt more from the
rude shock than from any actual pain. Renee answered Irena's quick peck and with
a parting glance to the video scene swung her legs off of the bed and followed
Irena to the bathroom.
	
	Water from the shower helped awaken her and thinking she was through,
Renee parted the plastic curtain and stepped one bare foot out of the tub when
Irena sharply called her to a stop.
	
	"Where do you think you're going?"
	
	Happily surprised, Renee stepped back into the tub as Irena turned the
taps to reduce the spray of warm water. She froze, however, when she saw the
razor.
	
	"Hold still," Irena said as her nails gripped the wet brunette's hips
and squatted in the tub. Aiming for the thin strip of dark curls, she sprayed
the shaving lotion and began to shave.
	
	Renee was speechless, but stood still as she felt what was left of her
pubic hair shaved away. Shamed tears hotly seeped from under her closed lids as
she tilted her head up. Her chest heaved as she felt Irena's fingers apply some
sort of oil.
	
	"Helps avoid bumps. Your legs are already smooth. Now that that's all
done," Irena said as she stood and put away her implements. "You can get out and
dry off now, but I want you here tonight following work."
	
	"Well...,"Renee said and opened her watery eyes.
	
	"No 'wells' about it - that's an order," Irena said and kissed Renee's
cheek and lessened the newly adopted sternness in her voice. "You did say you
wanted to forget all about those "dating blues", didn't you?"
	
	Renee hardly knew what to say, but felt too vulnerable to chance losing
what she now had with Irena.
	
	"Good, because tonight we go to the club. I tell you, after tonight girl
you'll forget all about getting, well, shafted. Then again..." She laughed and
threw the towel into the hamper and left to get two fresh dresses for work.
	
	Renee didn't pay much attention to Irena's snigger, her voice trailing
off with her departure from the steamy room. The shaving still mortified. She
fussed with brushing her hair back to look more presentable for work and tried
to ignore looking down at her now bald pussy, though the harder she tried to
forget it was there the more it demanded attention.
	
	At the end of the day she'd have plenty of time to ask questions. Being
bossed around by Irena was sure to be at the top of the list.

Irena & Reneee
Faibhar




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





