BDSM Library - Making Bubba




Making Bubba
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: ...a very nasty "cumming of age" story.  Reader beware: this is major hardcore SPOOF material.
Making Bubba

"Uuuuuummmmm!!!!!"  Bubba grunted as he pushed the last of his cum into Suzie. 
He lay on top of her for a few more moments while he let the last of his cock's
orgasmic spasms subside then rolled off and farted loudly.  Suzie laughed and
said, "You're supposed to burp after a good meal, not fart after a good fuck!" 
Bubba laughed too and leaned over to kiss her fully on the mouth.  He smelled
the cum she'd already taken there and it stated to get him aroused again so he
quickly jumped out of the bed and pulled on overalls from the large pile of
semi-clean clothing piled in the corner of the room.  It was still dark at 4:30
am and he had a bit of trouble finding a plaid shirt but he managed eventually.

"Well, baby, thanks for takin' the edge off!  You know how much I need that on
the BIG DAYS.  And today's the first BIG DAY in a while!"  Bubba's daughter
smiled again while fondling the cum dripping from her freshly fucked cunt and
said it was her pleasure, as always.  Bubba looked at her playing for a moment
and couldn't resist taking a quick little sniff of her hole and grunted again in
appreciation.  She really did help him a lot around the house when Ma Perry was
out for the night.  And Ma needed to keep the real money coming in even if she
did look and smell badly after supplying "comfort" for travelers passing through
the town's bus station.  Maybe he'd tell her to try using the women's bathroom
for a while.  After all, laying on her back in there seemed like a cleaner thing
to do than laying on her back in the men's room.  Women don't piss on the floor
all the time, do they?  Pondering that thought, Bubba gave Suzie's crotch a
quick kiss and left the room.

He hurried downstairs and made a quick but hearty breakfast knowing he'd need
all the nourishment he could muster for the day's work on the farm.  And today's
work was going to be a LOT more strenuous even if it was completely pleasurable. 
He so enjoyed looking forward to today's special work he wolfed down all the
food he could find and rushed back upstairs.

There, Bubba pounded on Crissy's door and was pleasantly surprised that it
opened before he had to pound some more.  Crissy stood there, fully dressed for
her chores and cheerfully exclaimed, "Come on, Pa!  Day's a wastin' and TODAY'S
my special day!  Weeee heeeee!"  Her obvious enthusiasm warmed Bubba's heart and
he knew this one was going to be a really special girl!  Hell, all his girls had
been special but this one was "coming out" today!  Bubba couldn't remember when
she was born and Ma didn't care so nobody was all that sure just how old she
was.  But she'd started fiddling with her body and making all sorts of noises at
night so Bubba figured it was time to get her started out right.

They quickly went to the coop and gathered the eggs, slopped the pigs and
cleaned out the sty.  All the while, Bubba was beaming at his pretty daughter. 
And what a pretty daughter she was!  About 5'9", she was as tall as her Pa and
towered over her Ma.  Her raven-black hair was thick and lustrous, framing a
face too cute to be called pretty yet but showing the promise of blooming into a
stunner.  Her thick lips could display a pout as beautifully as a smile and she
always seemed to be laughing with her pale green eyes.  Now that her body had
started to fill out a bit, she even looked like she may grow into her weight
with a great deal of dignity.  Bubba was so pleased he chanced a glance toward
the barn (their next destination) and stifled a grin.  She caught him and
grinned back but she didn't look towards the barn.  Bubba wondered if she knew. 
Suzie promised not to tell but he knew how women talked and the "special day"
was a tradition that had been passed down through generations of the Perry clan. 
Oh well, she was ready and willing and Bubba was as eager as a beaver with a
birch so they finished up with the pigs and walked to the barn.

Crissy opened the door eagerly and rushed inside even before Bubba could grab
the handle. He almost missed the look of surprise on her face as she was
suddenly drenched in bright light.  Blinking wildly, she finally saw that the
barn was full of neighbors and family: all her brothers, uncles and aunts were
there.  And all the neighbors she'd lived with for years were gathered around,
clapping and cheering her name!  It brought a tear to Bubba's eye and he set
down the eggs and joined in.

As the festive noise settled down, Bubba spoke to the gathering.

"Thank you all for coming here today and making this day, this special "coming
out" day for Crissy such a wonderful thing!"

"Wouldn't have missed it for the world!" somebody shouted and everyone laughed. 
Bubba paused a moment and continued:

"I don't have much to say and ya'll know what today's about.  You've seen it
plenty 'round here!  (Again, laughter and giggles.)  OK, then!  Let's get it
started!"

The group parted and Crissy saw that a bale of hay was placed in the middle of
the barn floor.  It had a small piece of paper on it.  She ran to the bale and
picked up the paper to read, "Now you're a woman!"  Starting to turn to her
father, she was surprised by 4 boys who seemed to come from nowhere and push her
face-first over the hay bale.  Two of them held her arms apart and the other two
held her legs.  She giggled nervously and the crowd got very quiet as Pa slowly
walked up to her and kissed the side of her face as she was held against the top
of the bale.  Then he looked up and motioned towards the back of the barn.  From
there, a large donkey was led to the back of the bale and Pa reached into the
pocket of his overalls and found his buck knife.  He knelt behind his daughter's
upturned bottom and opened the blade, grimacing.  Glancing up to the right, he
saw that another pair of coveralls just like Crissy's were being held up and
shown to him.  He nodded to the woman holding them and she smiled, knowing that
she'd eased Bubba's mind about ruining the perfectly good clothing on his
daughter.

Bubba carefully parted the material from the pants part of the coveralls,
separating them from the top part - in effect, making two garments.  Crissy
began to fidget and asked her Pa what he was doing.  He patted her butt and said
it was gonna be wonderful as he pulled down her newly formed pants, exposing her
white panties.  There was a collective gasp from the room as they all saw just
how pretty this girl's ass was.  There were some mutters of approval and even
some women could be heard saying that it was the prettiest ass they'd seen in
the barn!  Bubba was filled with pride and slowly pulled off the "pants".  He
nodded to the people with the donkey and one knelt alongside it, reached up and
gently rubbed it's sheathed penis.  The donkey snickered and Crissy screamed,
realizing for the first time what was behind her.  Bubba quickly pulled down her
panties and removed them.  But he paused once more, this time to look with awe
at the full growth of black hair between his daughter's legs.

Now there were loud and eager shouts of anticipation from the crowd and some
moved a bit closer to get a look at the beautiful pussy and Crissy's bared ass. 
The boys holding her legs opened them slowly and the boys holding her arms
repositioned her gently, lifting her a bit more so hat she was laying atop the
hay bale with her spread legs dangling open before her father's face and the
rest of the room's eager gaze.  Crissy's screaming never stopped but nobody
seemed to care and her struggles were easily foiled by the boys.

Bubba moved to the side and helped guide the visibly aroused donkey up to the
bale.  Two smaller bales were quickly brought to the side of the one Crissy was
pinned to and the donkey was forced to step up on them, straddling Crissy's
prone body.  The man fondling the donkey's penis increased the speed of his
hands and quickly the donkey's penis protruded from its sheath.  At well over 2
feet long and as big around as Crissy's thighs, it was moved closer to the small
patch of black between Crissy's legs and it's tip was rubbed against the small
pink slit barely visible in the middle.

Crissy went ballistic on the hay bale and the boys were hard pressed to hold her
still.  Some of the women started to laugh and one walked to the front of the
bale and climbed on, sitting in front of Crissy's face.  There, she lifted her
full-length farmer's wife dress above her ample hips, pulled the crotch of her
own white cotton panties aside and lifted her knees, showing her own bushy pussy
to Crissy's upturned face.  The woman grabbed a handful of Crissy's hair from
the back of her head and pushed Crissy's still screaming face into her moist
hole.  There were some loud cheers from the women as Crissy's screaming was
finally "muff muffled" and woman's face took on a look of bliss as she rubbed
the girl's entire face up and down, using her head to masturbate while behind
Crissy, the donkey's swollen cock began to twitch on it's own.  It took two sets
of hands to keep the tip of it where the men were guiding it but it finally
found it's mark and was stuck against the girl's opened cunt.  Bubba walked
beside the donkey, careful not to get behind it's hind legs and swatted it hard
with his hand.  The donkey honked loudly and jerked forward, slamming it's cock
right through Crissy's pussy lips and completely into her virgin cunt.

Feeling his penis in a tight and hot hole, the donkey's nature took over and it
bucked forward on it's own as the men guiding it backed away.  It slammed
forward and back so fast and hard that it bounced the bale Crissy was impaled
upon.  The woman cramming her crotch against the girl's face rode the bale and
Crissy's face like a cowboy riding a bronco and the cheers from the room were
deafening.  Bubba was holding the reins of the donkey and urging it on though it
needed no urging to fuck once it was in a pussy.  And the sight between Crissy's
legs was unbelievable as the huge cock hammered into her less than a 10th of it
length but vigorously.

The woman on Crissy's face began to scream and she came, grinding her gushing
pussy all over Crissy's pretty face, scissoring her chubby thighs against the
raped girl's ears.  Finally opening her eyes, she raised a clenched fist towards
the barn's roof and yelled "Heeeee haaaaaa!" as she climbed off the bale and
rearranged the crotch of her now soaked panties.  Feeling them against her she
made a face and decided to pull them off altogether, tossing them to one of the
smaller boys in the crowd.  He grabbed them with a gleeful smile and ran for his
life as a bunch of bigger boys went after him.  There was no place to run to,
though, and they caught him behind the wall of a horse stall, snatching the
messy panties away from him.  He started crying but nobody noticed.  And they
didn't hear him screaming, either, when the bigger boys decided to open his
pants and push him face down on the floor...

Meanwhile, the donkey is hammering away at Crissy's pussy and her screams are
starting to turn to loud groans and an occasional unintelligible word.  The
crowd is festive and a keg is opened, beer is poured and a jug or two is passed
around.  A few of the people get a bit closer to each other and some heavy
petting starts but nobody takes their eyes off the rape of Crissy for very long.

Finally the donkey begins to whiney and honk.  Bubba smacks it a few more times
and it rears, trying to move through the hay bale (and Crissy's pussy!).  These
final violent thrusts force it to ejaculate into Crissy's battered cunt.  The
first wave of semen is small but it fills her completely, and more!  It actually
bulges her pussy lips out as it takes up all the available space in her and
pushes outward against her crotch and the tip of the donkey's cock.  Crissy
screams like never before and the crowd grows attentive.  The second wave isn't
a wave at all but a stream.  When it hits the back of Crissy's fucked hole, it
pushes her forward, loosening the seal between the cock and her pussy.  A small
opening around her clit is the source of a HUGE geyser white cream, which blasts
out of her cunt like water from a fire hose, coating her inner thighs
immediately and making the boys holding her legs scramble unsuccessfully to get
out of the way.  As the donkey continues to ejaculate, Crissy gets a continual
hot flushing of cum.  Her eyes wide, she stops screaming as the pain and
pressure are intense but bearable and she waits for the animal to finish.  Its
twitching prick finally begins to throb and the final thrusts pump the thick,
sticky white goo into her pussy.  And when the donkey finally calms, Bubba
raises his hand as if to smack it on the nose.  The donkey jerks backward and
there's an audible pop as it's cock is yanked from Crissy's cunt followed by
another scream as her pussy is almost turned inside out from the violent
withdrawal.

The same 4 boys return to continue to hold Crissy over the bale and Bubba comes
back to her, bends toward her face and kisses her tenderly.  She looks back at
him with something akin to awe and opens her mouth to accept her father's
tongue.  There's a round of applause from around the barn and Bubba acknowledges
it with a nod after parting from Crissy's lips.  Now is what he's waited for, he
thinks!  Quickly, he walks behind her and between her still dripping thighs and
kneels, opening his fly.  Bringing his face to her crotch, he smells the
overpowering odor of donkey cum and can barely tell that his daughter's bush was
black; everything from her knees up is completely coated with thick white jizz. 
Pulling his raging erection from his pants he presses his face into the place
where he thinks her pussy is and thrusts out his tongue.  He is rewarded with a
tight hole but it's her ass and he slows in surprise.  But liking it's taste
even through all the cum, he eats her asshole out while stroking his cock.  He
is happy he remembered to fuck Suzie so much this morning because he doesn't
want to cum too soon. 

Bubba licks and sucks and swallows until all the whiteness is removed from
between Crissy's legs and she moans with pleasure.  Finally, her holes as clean
as it can get, he stands behind her and lovingly slips his cock into her pussy. 
Crissy moans loudly with pleasure and pushes back on her father's cock,
clutching it with her battered but still working cunt muscles.  Its passage is
so simple and so easy she cums almost immediately and again as he slowly slides
in and out of her.  Looking down, he as enthralled by the beauty of his cock
entering her pussy and the barn starts to quiet down as they watch.

When it's almost totally quiet, they all hear a soft and wet rhythmic smacking
sound and finally a grunt.  All of them look to the back of the barn and see a
boy backing away from a horse stall, pulling up his overalls and smiling. 
There's a small shuffling sound, a muffled scream and the rhythmic sound resumes
with a slightly faster pace.

"John-boy!  You playin' in Bobbie again?" some woman asks and the barn is filled
with a wave of laughter again.

"No-mame!  I'm through but Mike and Tommy and James aren't done with him yet!" 
The boy who was standing said.  This time even Bubba and Crissy laugh but
continue to fuck lovingly.  The laughs die away and the sounds from the back of
the barn continue but all the attention returns to the father and the daughter. 
Finally Bubba leans forward and closes his eyes as he fills Crissy's cunt with
his cum.  HE pumps the last of it into her and the crowd applauds again.

"Hey, you fools", Bubba shouts.  "Get ready or you're gonna make me lose it!" 
People hurry to the bale and a line quickly forms behind Bubba.  The first man
in line opens his overalls and taps Bubba on the shoulder.  Bubba looks back and
nods as he pulls his cock from Crissy's pussy and the other man quickly pushes
his in.

"See?  Got it plugged in time, Bubba!"  They shake hands and the man starts to
fuck Crissy.  The boys still holding her down offer either encouragement for her
or try to goad the man into harder rape.  The latter happens first and the man
grunts as he plows his stiff cock in and out of Crissy's slushy fuckhole. 
Crissy struggles for a while and begs for him to stop but she really isn't in a
lot of distress.  After the donkey cock, a man's cock is very easy to take, even
when it's raping your cunt as hard as it can.  And this man did exactly that: on
and on he went, pounding her hips and stabbing at her womb.  He watched Bubba's
cum foam up all around his prick as he fucked Crissy like there was no tomorrow. 
The wet smacking sound filled the room and Crissy's groans mingled with his
grunts of pleasure.  The man's grunts became louder and louder and finally he
crammed his cock into Crissy's hole, squirting her full of his cum.

He waited for the tap on his shoulder before pulling out and watching the next
guy ram his erection into Crissy.  This guy was rough and he did everything he
could to show how much he wanted to rape this girl.  He pulled her hips apart
and jammed a finger from each hand into her pussy along the sides of his cock
and pulled her open wider.  Crissy started screaming again and another woman
climbed onto the hay bale in front of her.  This woman stood over Crissy's head
while she pulled down her panties and lifted her dress.  Instead of using Crissy
to masturbate, she squatted over the pinned girl and looked into the eyes of the
man raping her.  From that position, she shouted words of encouragement to him,
begging him to fuck her brains out, to split her pussy in half with his cock, to
pound her cunt until he had cum all the way in her belly.  The man did
everything she suggested and he raped Crissy with vengeance while the woman sat
on the side of Crissy's face.  In a very short time the man came massively,
rocking the hay bale as he launched jizz into Crissy's pussy, grinding it as far
into her as he could and moaning deeply.  The woman smiled at him, kissed him
and rose up about a foot from Crissy's head while she pissed, soaking Crissy's
entire head and hair.  This started the woman talking excitedly and a new line
formed at the front of the bale.  Again, the exchange of cocks took place
between Crissy's legs, making sure that none of the cum dripped from her pussy
between rapes.  And a new woman sat in front of Crissy.  This one didn't want to
touch Crissy's piss covered hair so she got help from another woman who raised
Crissy's face to another woman's cunt and moved her around to pleasure the
seated woman.  The man raping Crissy was the husband of the woman getting off on
her face and they talked to each other about taking her as long as they wanted,
whenever they wanted.  The couple came at the same time and kissed while doing
it.

Another cock out, another rammed in and Crissy is raped again and again.  The
women cum over her face, on her mouth and in her hair.  Most relieve themselves
after cumming or just piss on her as she's raped.  The heat in the barn begins
to get oppressive and someone opens the barn doors to let in a blessed breeze
and the noonday sun.  Finally the boys get their turns and they release all the
pent up sexual tension from assisting with countless rapes.  They ride her like
a whore, plowing so hard into her twat that she remembers the donkey.
Gratefully, she accepts much smaller but just as violent cocks.  They each fuck
her twice as payment for their service.  Bubba thanks each one personally.

Finally the last man in line pumps his wad into Crissy's cunt and pulls his cock
out, leaving her hole empty for the first time in over 9 hours.  And a loud
grunt is heard from the back of the barn but nobody looks there this time as the
smaller boy who lost the woman's panties slowly walks back to the main group in
the barn, cum gushing from his ass.  Bubba looks at him and smiles broadly. 
Raising his voice to be heard above the drunken conversation in the room he
says,

"I need a little help over here!"  Making sure that Crissy didn't have the
chance to finally get up, he opened his fly again while 4 more boys eagerly held
Crissy's arms and legs apart.  They were hoping for the same royal treatment the
other boys got but they got a much more pleasant surprise!  Bubba coated his
cock with gobs of the cum that was still running from Crissy's gang raped pussy
and leaned forward.  Crissy was scared and panting but she loved her father and
wanted to please him badly.  They kissed with passion once again and Bubba
straightened up and grabbed one of Crissy's hips, pulling it from the other. 
Crissy actually relaxed and pushed back to be fucked again but stopped suddenly
when the meaty pole touched her ass hole.  The only thing that had ever gone IN
that place was her father's tongue a few hours ago.  Now she felt a fat, thick
cock head pushing against it and she froze.  Not knowing what to expect she
waited while he rubbed gob after gob of cum that had been raped into her pussy
onto and into her shit hole.  Once it was completely slicked with manseed, Bubba
pushed hard and Crissy pissed.  She pushed a fat river of urine out as she
fought back.  The boys tightened their grips as Bubba pushed and they were all
surprised by the ferociousness of Crissy's resistance.  She didn't just scream
and buck; she thrashed like a cat, tearing at the hay bale, biting at the boys
and shrieking at the top of her lungs.  Men and women rushed to the bale, most
of them just trying to get close enough to see Bubba's cock ream Crissy's
asshole but many grabbing and holding Crissy anywhere they could.  All tried to
hold her down to be ass raped and they were nearly defeated.  Crissy reached
deep and found energy that none of them imagined as she struggled mightily to
get away from Bubba's cock.

In the end, she clamped her butt cheeks so tightly together that she cramped her
legs and screamed anew.  The women laughed uproariously and all the men seemed
to get instant erections.  And Bubba pushed as hard as he could while the cramps
occupied Crissy's mind with twists of pain.  Again, he got nothing but a very
hard indentation between her hips and Crissy's screams were filling the barn and
the pasture beyond through the open doors.

In bed with a large dildo stuffed in her ass, Suzie heard her sister's screams
and smiled as she fingered her clit to another orgasm.  She loved her sister a
lot and didn't really want to see her "coming out".  She wanted to be there for
Crissy afterwards, hoping to get her to cry in her arms and maybe, just maybe,
let her sister show her that a woman can be great with just another woman.  But
masturbating to the sounds of the huge gang rape had gotten her interested in
seeing some of it.  Now that it sounded like it was coming to a head, Suzie
wanted to see it badly!

She pulled the dildo from her ass, shut it off and sucked it clean like she
always did.  She pulled on some extremely small shorts and a half top and left
her room.  She looked in at her mother who had fallen asleep on the couch with a
bottle of Jack still in her hand.  She was smiling in her sleep and her big but
pretty legs were parted widely as she snored, exposing her panties with a huge
wet spot in the crotch.  Suzie grinned and paused long enough to push her face
between her mother's legs and take a deep sniff of her twat.  And, just as Suzie
had expected, the scent was that of jizz and LOTS of it!  Mother had been on the
receiving end of plenty of fucking last night and Pa was going to work her
massively when the coming out party was done!  Pa liked to get her when she'd
already been fucked too much to resist so that he could imagine her being gang
raped with him an eager participant.  Suzie laughed quietly because Pa only
fucked Ma but he made love to her!

Moving quickly now, Suzie ran to the barn and took in the sight of her father
trying to rape Crissy's ass and a pile of people holding her down for it. 
Around the floor there were people fucking everywhere, most of them looked
willing but a few were getting it from groups and struggling.  Suzie moved to
her father's side and knelt.  Using both her hands, she opened Crissy's ass and
pressed her face into her butt.  Amazingly, Crissy calmed immediately.  Suzie
looked up at her father and gleefully smiled.  He grinned broadly and savagely
thrust at Crissy.  This time, he was totally successful and slid all the way up
his daughter's shit chute, slamming his balls roughly into her clit.  The entry
seemed to knock all the wind out of Crissy and her mouth opened noiselessly
while her eyes tried to roll back into their sockets.  One of the guys standing
next to her and helping to hold her down groaned loudly and aimed his cock at
Crissy's face.  He spewed a gusher a cum into her mouth and she started to choke
and cough.  That brought the pain in her ass back into the fore and she finally
screamed again.  Crying hysterically, she struggled to remove the massive pole
in her back side but there was no possible way.  Bubba waited until she tired
and pulled his rock hard cock most of the way out of her ass before ramming it
home again.  Men were opening their pants again and the ones holding Crissy were
stroking hardons.  Two more shot wads of cum into Crissy's face and one got his
whole cock into her mouth before he grunted and thrust convulsively, streaming a
load of cum across her tongue and filling her mouth with it.  This time, Crissy
swallowed and opened her mouth again.  In seconds another man came in her mouth
and she eagerly swallowed that as well.

Bubba began to ride her.  He fucked her like he'd wanted to fuck her since....
Hell, he didn't even know how long!  He'd wanted to fuck Crissy and now he was
doing it just like he did it when his father held his sister over the couch. 
Then, he had cum up his sister's ass so fast it was almost painful.  He was
annoyed that he'd gotten so little time to actually feel her hole against his
cock.  But today, he had fucked Suzie first and now he had all the time he
wanted!  He slowly reamed his daughter while she sucked cock after cock after
cock, swallowing more cum than he thought possible.  Suzie massaged her butt
cheeks and pushed her back against his thrusts making it twice as easy to keep
fucking.

When Suzie reached up and fondled his balls, he suddenly exploded, blowing a
massive wad of cum up Crissy's ass.  Crissy milked his cock with her hips and
was rewarded with another stream.  And Suzie reached up with her other hand and
shoved fingers in her sister's cunt bringing her to a gut wrenching orgasm as
well.  Bubba pulled his penis from his daughter's butthole and backed away,
exhausted.

Suzie climbed onto the bale of hay and lifted her sister's face up to kiss her
cum-splattered lips. They kissed long and deep until Suzie stood, pulled her
shorts and top off and offered her cunt to her sister.  This time, Crissy
pressed her own face into the awaiting pussy, licking and sucking it completely. 
Suzie's orgasm was terrific and she screamed on and on while her pussy washed
Crissy's face.  The men went nuts.  All of them started pulling at Crissy's
clothing, ripping her shirt off, tearing at her bra, trashing all the remaining
clothing she had.  She didn't even try to resist as they repositioned her and
gang raped her ass.  Time after time, they rammed cock up her butt, fucked her
and came.  The 4 boys held her until the last guy pulled his cum-slick prick
from Crissy's ass then they pulled her off the hay bale and pinned her face down
on the floor of the barn.  There, they raped her cum filled asshole for more
than an hour.  When the last one pulled his empty cock from her, Crissy was
finally released and allowed to roll onto her side.

With a large flow of cum running from her ass, Bubba lay next to his daughter
and kissed her again.  He rocked her in his arms and Suzie soon joined them,
fresh semen between her legs and on her lips.

"Today, you are a woman, Crissy", was all he said and all three of them hugged
fiercely.


Seven months later, Crissy was back in the barn doing her morning chores when
the cramps brought her to her knees.  She'd been getting them for about 12 hours
and she had no idea what was wrong.  A lot of things had been different since
her coming out party but she'd chalked them up as just what her father had said:
"Today, you are a woman!"  She supposed that being a woman meant growing huge
breasts like Suzie but hers and grow really fast!  And she supposed that getting
fat was because she had been eating everything she could get for months.  And
she knew from Suzie that Pa was going to be in her bed often now.  She enjoyed
the times when he came and she always played with the cum he left in her pussy
after he's gone back to either his room or Suzie's.  But the cramping was new
and it was bad!  She tried to get up and the worst pain she'd felt since the
donkey fucked her hit her like a ton of bricks.  She rolled on her side and then
on her back, moaning with the pain.  When it subsided she looked up to see
Milton the donkey looking at her from very close.  In fact, Milton was standing
over her and....omg!  Was he growing that massive prick for HER again??  She
tried to get up and the pain in her gut floored her completely.  This time it
didn't stop.  As she struggled to breathe, she began to sweat and filled pissed
all over her legs.  Then the world started to spin and she screamed and passed
out.

When she awoke, she was pain free but drenched.  She tried to sit up and saw
that she was covered with donkey jizz and Milton was still standing over her! 
She started to laugh and bumped her knee against something soft.  And there,
under the donkey jizz, the loose hay and the hem of her dress was a baby boy! 
Crissy cried with joy and picked the baby up, pressing it to her chest.  It was
smiling and looking around.  Crissy was completely charmed and hugged it to her
breast where it started to suckle.  She tried to wipe some of the come from her
nipple and the baby started to cry so she left it there and the baby licked it
and drank from her at the same time.

When she finally got the strength to make it back to the house, Suzie met her at
the back door and said, "Now, you're a woman and a mother!  Wow!  It's got Pa's
eyes!  He's gonna be so proud of you, girl!  What are you gonna name him?"

Crissy thought about it for a while and said, "It's Pa's baby so I'll name him
after Pa.  What's Pa's real name?"

Suzie laughed and said, "Your baby's gonna go through life as "junior" but his
real name is gonna be Roger!"


And that's the story of how Roger was born.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  LaJan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





