BDSM Library - Captured and Tortured




Captured and Tortured
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He never thought this kind of things could happen to him, until he was kidnapped by these ladies.
                            CAPTURED and TORTURED
                              

There are some things that everyone thinks will never happen to them...

Things like accidents, earthquakes, being struck by lightning, being 
burgled, and so on...

... until one of these things does happen, and then they are very 
surprised, even upset, that it should happen to them. 

Gopi was like everyone else, but in his case what he thought would 
never happen to him was... being abducted.

Naturally, living as he did in a large populous country like India, he 
had heard of abductions.  But they always seemed to happen in other 
places, and to other kinds of people - like young girls, or children of 
rich people - and not to perfectly ordinary people like him.

Until the day it happened to him.  And when it did, it happened so 
suddenly and so quickly that he really had no time at all even to feel 
surprised, much less upset or angry.

He was simply walking along a street, in broad daylight, not even in a 
disreputable part of town;  the street wasn't crowded, but it was by no 
means deserted, either.  He went to walk between a parked van and a 
building when, with no warning at all, a door in the side of the van swung 
open, blocking his way, and a body lunged against him from behind, 
shoving him into the van.  The door immediately closed and he found himself 
in pitch darkness.

But he was not alone in the darkness.  At least two pairs of hands 
grabbed his arms and a knee in his back forced him to the floor, face down.  
It all happened so quickly that he had no chance at all to put up a 
struggle, and he was so stunned that he didn't even think of shouting for 
help.  And then even that possibility was taken from him, as he felt 
something being pressed over his mouth and nose, something that had a 
strange smell... and before long he slipped into unconsciousness.

------------------

When he next became aware of his surroundings, he found himself lying 
on a hard surface with the sun shining directly down on him.  Blinking 
and shading his eyes from the glare, he realised that he was on some 
kind of paving and, a few yards away and encircling him at three equal 
points of the compass, three women were sitting in comfortable chairs in 
the shade of parasols, with drinks on tables beside them, just watching 
him.

Gopi  had been taught from childhood to treat women with respect 
and courtesy;  feeling it was not quite proper for him to be lying there 
as he was, he began to get to his feet to apologise.  As he did so, he 
became aware, simultaneously, of two things:  one, he would not be able 
to apologise because his mouth was filled with a large ball which he 
could feel was held there by a strap around his head;  and two, there was 
something around his neck that seemed almost to be pulling him up, 
first to his knees and then onto his feet.

He put his hands up to find out what it was, and found what felt like a 
heavy metal band encircling his neck, with - he could hardly believe 
it, but it was true - a large padlock fastening it at the back!  
Exploring further with his hands, he learned how the band - or "collar", he now 
knew - was lifting him up:  looped through the hasp of the padlock was 
a thick rope, which stretched up behind his head to somewhere beyond 
his reach.  He also found that the strap holding the ball - the gag - in 
his mouth was also adlocked, so he knew he would not be able to speak 
until it was unlocked.  By now he was on his feet, and the pull on his 
neck eased off, but only a little, and he knew he would have to stand 
right there or risk strangling himself.

Now, for the first time, one of the women spoke, and he instinctively 
turned to face her.  "Yes," she said, "you are beginning to understand 
what has happened to you, but I will explain it exactly so that you will 
have no doubts.  I and the two ladies here have captured you to be our 
prisoner and to use you for our amusement and enjoyment.  We have 
driven many miles since we trapped you yesterday afternoon, so nobody will 
come looking for you here.  If there are friends or relatives who will 
miss you, that is sad, but people lose friends and family members for 
many reasons;  that is the way things are.

"We have brought you here, to my house.  I am quite wealthy, so I can 
afford to indulge myself;  and one of the ways I choose to indulge 
myself and my friends is what has happened to you:  we enjoy making 
prisoners - slaves, if you like - of young men like you, to humiliate you, to 
treat you in many ways that you may not like but that we find amusing, 
and to force you to serve us... in ways that you may find you enjoy more 
than you might expect.  It is not that we hate men;  it is just that we 
consider men to be inferior to us women, and that the proper place for 
you men is kneeling at our feet, serving us and entertaining us... by 
force, if necessary.  And the first rule I enforce in my house is that 
no male person ever enters it unless he is completely naked... so you 
will now remove all your clothing."

Gopi  stared at her, his brain spinning with surprise and near 
shock at what she was saying.  She had spoken in such calm, matter-of-fact 
tones, as if what she said was perfectly normal, that he had to wonder 
if this was some kind of practical joke;  after all, how could she 
really expect him to obey such an outrageous demand as to strip naked in 
front of three fully-dressed and quite attractive women?  But her next 
words, spoken after a short pause in exactly the same tones, made him 
think again....

"That was not a request, young man," she said firmly.  "It was an 
order, an order that we expect you to obey, whether now or later.  I am sure 
you are aware of the position you are in:  standing in the hot sun, 
with no chance to escape or even to sit down unless you wish to choke.  
We, on the other hand, are quite comfortable, and we are patient, too;  
but our patience will run out eventually, and I warn you that, the 
longer you take to obey my order, the more you will suffer afterwards in 
punishment.  So I advise you to obey sooner rather than later."

For perhaps ten minutes Gopi  stood thinking, still wondering if 
this was a joke or if he could out-wait his captors.  After the leader's 
last words, the three women ignored him, sipping their drinks and 
chatting past him as if he wasn't there.  Finally Gopi had to admit to 
himself that he really had no choice at all, and he began to undo the 
buttons on his shirt....

Instantly the women stopped their chat and began to watch him intently.  
Slowly and reluctantly, he removed first his shirt, then his trousers 
and underpants, stepping out of them and slipping his sandals off his 
feet before pushing the small pile of clothing to one side.  He was left 
wearing only his undershirt, which would only come off over his head, 
and then it would still be around the rope from his collar.  He looked 
pleadingly at the woman in front of him, trying to communicate this to 
her, but she only smiled... and then he felt one of the others come up 
beside him and insert the blade of a scissors under the shoulder straps 
of the undershirt, and a moment later it simply slid down his body to 
lie around his feet, and his whole body was exposed to the gaze of these 
women.

Instinctively, his hands went to his groin to cover his private parts, 
but the woman moved from his side to behind him and reached around him 
to grasp his wrists;  with surprising strength, she forced his wrists 
up and behind his head.  At the same time, the third woman did something 
that caused an awning of some kind to move over the whole area to shade 
it - and Gopi - from the hot sun... and he realised with some 
gratitude that he was being "rewarded" for obeying the order to strip.

Now the woman who had given the order stood up and came to stand a few 
feet in front of Gopi .  Smiling, she allowed her eyes to run 
slowly up and down his naked body a few times in a way that made him feel 
deeply humiliated, utterly ashamed... and, to his shock, sexually 
excited, as his penis began to erect!  Her smile grew wider at this, and then 
she looked directly into his eyes.  "The second rule in my house," she 
said, "is that even naked males may not enter unless they are securely 
and inescapably shackled.  Ladies, please see to it."

A moment later Gopi  felt the hands of both the other women fit 
things around both his wrists;  he couldn't see what they were, but they 
felt like some kind of sleeve, made of heavy metal, that extended from 
just under the heel of each hand to halfway up each forearm, then they 
were fastened together in some way, and he found his hands crossed just 
above his head.  Next, the rope was freed from the collar around his 
neck and re-attached to the wrist cuffs, and his arms were pulled just a 
little higher, and then the collar itself was unlocked and removed.  
Finally, the women knelt and fitted metal cuffs on his ankles, which they 
then pulled wide apart by means of chains to iron rings in the paving.

He was now even more shamingly exposed than before:  his stark naked 
body was slightly stretched by his spread legs and the strain of the rope 
on his arms;  he had no way at all of protecting his modesty, and he 
felt the warmth of a deep blush on his face and neck;  it was all very 
very humiliating, and most humiliating of all was the fact that his penis 
had by now come to full hardness, and was standing up at a 45-degree 
angle as if it was pointing at the face of the woman who was still 
standing - and smiling - right in front of him!  She waited until his ankles 
were firmly anchored to the rings and the other women stood up again, 
each to one side of and slightly behind him, then she said, "Now, 
ladies, let us inspect our new prisoner.  He seems to have all the necessary 
'equipment' to amuse and entertain us, but we do all want to be quite 
sure of his suitability, do we not?"  

With that - and with murmured responses of "Yes, indeed!" from the 
other women - she moved closer to him.  Her first touch was with the sharp 
nail of one finger under his chin, forcing his head up slightly so that 
she looked straight into his eyes from only inches away for a minute or 
so, then her fingernail moved slowly, pressing just hard enough to 
cause him a little pain, down his throat, down the centre of his chest and 
across his belly... until some part of her hand touched the tip of his 
penis.  At that moment, her other hand suddenly reached down and took 
hold of his testicles as they hung freely between his spread thighs;  
she moved back a bit and, in time with giving them two firm squeezes 
(enough to bring muffled grunts of pain from behind his gag), she used her 
free hand to deliver two very hard slaps - one forehanded and one 
backhanded - to his rock-hard erection!

Gopi  never forgot that moment.  Later he thought of it as the real 
moment his slavery to these three women began... the beginning of his 
'inspection', which it truly was.  It must have lasted more than an 
hour, and during that time there was not a single moment when at least one 
hand - usually three or four, sometimes all six - was not touching his 
helpless naked body in some way or other... whether simply running over 
his skin to feel its texture or his shape, or prodding his muscles - 
now quite gently, now painfully hard - to assess their strength and 
firmness, or pinching or slapping his flesh to watch his reactions or merely 
because they enjoyed doing so!  The three women slowly circled around 
him, so that they all had an opportunity to 'inspect' every tiniest part 
of his so conveniently displayed body.

Naturally, this also allowed him a good look at all three of them.  
They were all very good-looking, with typical Indian facial features and 
long deep-black hair;  they were similarly dressed, in long skirts 
wrapped around their hips and with several inches of their midriffs showing 
between the skirts and the tops that covered their breasts, and their 
figures were all well-shaped.  The one who had spoken was the eldest - 
in her early forties - and Gopi  would have described her as 
'handsome' rather than 'beautiful', with dark skin, a strong, almost hawk-like 
nose, a firm chin, and a mouth that sometimes looked quite cruel but 
could also curve into a bright and cheerful smile.  The second - in her 
thirties - was quite small and slim, with rather light skin, delicate 
features, and lips and eyes that seemed to sparkle constantly with sheer 
delight as her small hands explored his body.  The third, in 
Gopi's eyes, was the most attractive, but that may have been partly due to 
her age being similar to his, perhaps even a little younger than his 26;  
she was tall, with a superb figure that was neither too slim nor too 
voluptuous, long legs, and a face that was not classical in its features 
- mouth a touch too wide, cheekbones not quite high enough, eyes a 
trace too close together, nose the tiniest bit too upturned - but that 
'came together' in what everyone would recognise as real beauty.

For Gopi , this 'inspection' was the strangest experience of his 
life.  It was all so different from anything that had happened before:  
being stark naked, in broad daylight, in the presence of three women, 
all attractive and one very much so, was strange enough as well as 
embarrassing;  being bound the way he was - with every bit of his naked body 
available to their gaze and touch - and gagged so that he could not 
even protest, was strange too, and not a little scary;  the way they 
talked as they 'inspected' him, commenting on his body and his reactions to 
their touches as if he was nothing more than an animal being valued for 
farm work or breeding, was stranger yet and intensely humiliating;  but 
strangest of all was the sexual excitement this caused in him!  All of 
it, the nakedness, the exposure to the opposite sex, the bondage, the 
helplessness, the touch of their hands, the things they said, their 
amusement and enjoyment, and most of all the way they handled his genitals 
- casually, almost scornfully, quite roughly and often fairly painfully 
- kept his penis as hard as it had ever been... and yet his arousal 
never approached that critical 'point of no return'.

At long last the women moved back to their chairs and their cool 
drinks.  (Even Gopi  was given a drink, poured with a funnel into a hole 
that could be plugged and unplugged through the gag in his mouth.)  
During their 'refreshment break', they chatted some more about Gopi 
and agreed that he was suitable for their purposes.  After a while the 
oldest woman stood up and faced him again.  "We have decided to keep 
you," she said with a smile (Gppi  couldn't decide if it looked more 
menacing or welcoming), "and we now consider you our slave, rather than 
merely our prisoner.  We have spent some time getting to know a lot 
about you, and it is time for you to learn something about us... as well 
as about what your life as our slave will be like.  Ready, ladies?"  

Turning his head from side to side, Gopi  saw both younger women 
stand up and move closer to him.  One of them tossed something to the 
woman in front of him, and he suddenly realised that they now each held a 
thin flexible whip about three feet long!  His eyes widened in fear and 
a thin whine came through his nose, but that only seemed to make the 
woman's smile grow wider... and more menacing.  "You earned some 
punishment for not instantly obeying my order to undress," she said, "and you 
may accept what we are about to do to you as that punishment if you 
wish.  Actually, you did not hesitate very long - much less than some 
others have, who earned a severe penalty.  The real truth is that we simply 
enjoy whipping naked, helpless male bodies, and this will be only a 
small sample of what you will have to endure as our slave.  Shall we 
begin, ladies?"

And so Gopi  received his first whipping.  It lasted a long time, 
well into the late afternoon, because his captors took their time over 
it, sometimes stopping for ten minutes or more;  it was very thorough, 
because they left almost no part of his naked flesh unmarked, except for 
his head, the soles of his feet, and the circles around his ankles and 
wrists that were covered by the metal cuffs;  it was at times not much 
worse than a series of fairly light stinging blows, and at other times 
- like when all three women were striking different parts at the same 
time with considerable strength - very painful indeed;  and, to his 
amazement and deep shame, it was also enormously sexually arousing!  Not 
only because the women, between blows with the whips, frequently handled 
his penis and testicles like they had done while 'inspecting' him, but 
he also discovered that the whipping itself - even the pain itself - 
exciting in a way he couldn't quite understand... until it began slowly 
to penetrate his mind that what they were doing - namely, whipping him 
and at the same time stimulating him sexually - was probably quite 
deliberate, to force his mind and body to associate pain with pleasure.

Dusk was falling when they finally stopped.  They used a hose to cool 
down his heated body, and gave him as much to drink as he wanted, but 
nothing to eat.  They neither removed the gag nor the metal shackles on 
his wrists and ankles, but they did rearrange them:  one ankle was 
released from its widely-spread position and joined to the other by a short 
chain;  the rope holding his wrists up was lowered, allowing him first 
to sit on a bucket and relieve himself - he needed that badly! - and 
then to lie down on the hard paving;  finally, his wrist shackles were 
chained separately to another iron ring in such a way that he could move 
a little, but not bring either hand lower than his shoulders.  Then the 
three women simply walked away without a word and left him there.

The evening was warm - as was the whole night that Gopi  spent 
there - so he was in no danger of suffering from exposure.  But the paving 
was hard, his muscles ached from the bondage he had endured, the skin 
all over his body stung or burned from the whipping he had suffered, and 
the way he was shackled made it quite impossible to get even a small 
degree of comfort.  He was hungry, sore, afraid and exhausted... and it 
was exhaustion that overwhelmed the other discomforts and eventually 
allowed him to sleep, although only in patches.  

He spent the waking moments wondering what would happen to him the next 
day, and the days after that....

to be continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  GOPI


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





