BDSM Library - Barbecueing The Senator




Barbecueing The Senator
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The follow up on A Special Catering story where The Senator had one of his arch enemy's family Barbecued after his death. It turned out the family was related to the U.S. Ambassador to Germany and a friend to the President. Now he is going to make the whole bunch pay.
BARBECUEING THE SENATOR:

Just Cook The Whole Bunch.

Chapter One.


It is early and I am meeting over breakfast in the Farm Mess Hall with my
crews.We are getting ready for the Human Cattle Transport Truck due to arrive
from Washington D.C. It should be here in about two hours with a very special
load.

The Transport is bringing 21 head of cattle who were just declared Human
Livestock by a Federal Judge.They are the former Senator Brown his family ,his
cronies and their families.They even went so far as including the Senators
Private Secretary a young black girl named Candice since she typed up all the
illegal paperwork.This is the bunch who got me into the mess with Ambassador
Johnson who is the U.S. Ambassador to Germany and a close personal friend of the
President.This whole thing started when the Senator and his bunch had the
Ambassador's sister Susan Carson and her two children declared Human Livestock.

I got caught up in this mess when the Senator who I thought was an old friend
got me to cater a barbecue for him.It was only after I signed the contract that
I learned what the shady deal was,by then I was on the hook.So now the Senator
,the crooked Judge and the whole bunch ,families and all are on the Transport
Truck.

With our morning meeting over we all head out to began the days work,I head down
to the cattle unloading area to help the receiving crew get ready for the
transport.We will bring them off and process them through the same unit we use
foe our Temp Cows Program.When this is finished we will put them in the Make
Ready Barn to await the arrival of the Ambassador for the barbecue this weekend.

Everything is ready and the Transport is pulling in ,I have three male crewmen
and four of my girls on hand to handle the cattle.

With the doors open and the walk ramp down I look up into the trailer and see
all the cattle restrained along the side walls and although they are still fully
dressed they all have hoods over their heads.All the Human livestock are moaning
and trying to scream from behind the penis gags in their mouths. I have the
Senator and his wife Linda brought off first. I want see if they have the same
smug look on their faces as the last time I saw them.

With the former Senator and his wife restrained in leg and hand cuffs they are
led off onto the dock,I have Becky and Joan standing by with large scissors to
cut their cloths off while Ashley and Nancy remove their hoods and hold them
still.When the hoods are off I give them a few seconds to get their vision
back,then I step up and stand face to face with the former Senator.His smug look
is gone replaced with a look of stark terrior,the same look on his wife Linda's
face which is stained with tears.Both are all dressed up and Linda had her face
all fixed up as they were loaded up at the Court House as soon as sentence was
pronounced.Acording to the Ambassador they did not believe this could happen to
them.But here they are and it is happening to them.But worse is yet to come.

I smile at him and tell him I am glad to see him and his lovely wife,he tries to
curse me and Linda just tries to scream from around their penis gags.I tell my
girls to undress them,as the Ex Senators pants are cut off I can see he does not
have a big hard cock as he had at the last barbecue.

I tell Joan to strip Linda slowly so I can enjoy it,she smiles as she knows what
I like.She moved around to the back of Linda and cut her dress and slip all the
way up the back and then the sleeves allowing the dress to fall off.As her dress
fell away it reviled her standing in only her white French cut bra with matching
panties covered only by smoke colored pantyhose.I had forgotten what a beautiful
woman she was , Joan smiled as she removed Linda's bra allowing two firm mounds
of flesh topped with two hard nipples into view.I know her nipples are hard from
fear and not sexual excitement,she is still crying and trying to scream as I
stand close and fondle both her breast with my hands.She closes her eyes as I
lean over and whisper in her ear,her screams reach a high pitch from around her
penis gag and her eyes pop open as I tell her.I am going to have your breast
roasted and served face up while you watch.Her knees gave way and I had to catch
her to prevent her falling.Now she started shaking as her eyes rolled back in
her head as she screamed. I hold her up until she recovers a little and tell
Joan to finish undressing her.

Joan pulls her panties down with her pantyhose and reviles her neatly trimmed
pussy hair which I cupped in my hand and pushed one finger inside.It slid in
easily although she was not very wet,she tried to pull away bet Joan held her
still.I leaned over and whispered to her ,The Ambassadors wife wants to eat your
pussy covered with cum gravy.Now she goes nuts and almost falls again screaming
around her gag.

I now move back over to the Ex Senator and look into his terror filled eyes and
tell him .The Ambassador has special plans for you,but he wants it to be a
surprise watch as all the color drains out of his face.He moans and his knees
almost buckle under him.

I instruct my girls to take them into the holding room while we unload the rest
of the livestock as I want to have the 15 year old daughter Lisa brought off
next.I remember her as a hot little bitch and also what she did to Susan
Carson's young son.I have very special plans for her in the Special milking
Room,and the Ambassador has some also for the whole bunch.

I instruct my crew to bring Lisa and the other seven young girls off next,I want
to look over the young stock and decide how to process them for the cook out.

END CHAPTER ONE.                  By PICK UP MAN

Rrolingthunder@aol.com           




BARBECUEING THE SENATOR:

WELCOME TO HELL!

This Story is FICTION and only FICTION,it is not real.Do not read my story if
you can not tell the difference between Fiction and Reality.DO NOT READ  my
story and use it as a license to go out and harm children ,women or any other
living thing.Do not try to blame me for any despicable act you may commit.IF YOU
CAN NOT UNDERSTAND THAT THIS IS FICTION THEN STOP READING AND GO AWAY.


Chapter Two.

While the ex Senator and his bitch wife are being taken to the holding room of
our Make Ready Barn I watch as my crew starts to bring Lisa their 15 year old
daughter and the other 7 young girls of the trailer. As with the Senator and his
wife the girls are all still fully dressed as all were loaded on to trailer at
the courthouse. All have full hoods over their heads and are wearing wrist and
leg restraints, which are a little rough on the young girls naked ankles
protected only by sheer pantyhose, as all are addressed in their Sunday finest.
As with all the other females on the trailer the girls all have very short
skirts on in hopes or swaying the judge and jury at their trials, well it did
not work, because here they are for me to cook.

My crew brings Lisa and other girls on to the dock, even with her hood still on
she is still the same good looking little bitch I remember.She is wearing a very
short black skirt over smoke colored pantyhose, black high heel shoes and a
black silk blouse. I have of my two of my girls remove her ankle and restraints
and the hood covering her head, I give her a few seconds to focus her vision and
bright light. With her hands still cuffed behind her and my girls holding her by
each arm I step up to her face and ask her. Do you remember me? It takes her a
second, then I see the recognition in her eyes, then the horror as she realizes
where she is. I can see the blood drain from her face as she starts trying to
scream around the penis gag in her mouth, as her knees go weak and she starts to
slump and thus the held up by my two girls. Her and screams and crying are heard
by the other seven girls over all the moaning that it is coming from them and
the other cattle still on the trailer. This sets the other young girls off and
now all are trying to scream around their gags under their hoods.None of the
cattle on this load knew where they were being trucked to after court.They
thought they were going to a Federal Pen and be released in a few years and
regain their human status.This is a huge shock when their hoods are removed and
they realize where they are.

I have Becky use the large pair of scissors and cut Lisa's blouse off while
Ashley and Nancy restrain her. Now her screams have become frantic as she
struggled and to resist being stripped. The last time she was here she had
stripped herself but then it was so she could sit on the face of Susan Carson's
son and torture him before he was cooked. Now she realizes it is her turn and my
girls and I will be using her face,and of course all her other equipment for the
next two weeks before we cook her.

Becky now has her blouse cut off to reveal her lovely firm breasts incased in a
black silk French cut bra. Now Becky under hooks her skirt and slides it down a
long with her slip, I am treated to a vision of loveliness which is giving me a
hard on as I gaze upon her standing in only her matched black French cut panties
and bra. I can hardly wait until I have this little beauty in the Special Game
Room we have set up just for this bunch as instructed by the Ambassador.

I stand with my mouth watering as I have Becky remove her bra, I am treated to a
vision of loveliness as it comes off. Two creamy little mounds the size of
baseballs topped with two rosy little nipples, which are hard and sticking
straight out as if begging for attention.She need not worry as I will make sure
they get a lot of attention,although I don't think she will enjoy it.

Now as Becky lowers her panties I am treated to the site of her neatly trimmed
pubic hair highlighting her cute little puffy pussy lips below just showing a
little hint of pink. This almost makes me and lick my lips and Becky looks up at
me from her kneeling position with Lisa's panties in her hands and smiles at me
while sticking her tongue out. I grin and tell her , you get seconds. She smiles
at me and replies ,you know I like it nice and wet then makes a licking motion
with her tongue. We both laugh as this brings a loud moan and a another string
of gurgled screams from Lisa as she understands what we mean.

Lisa is still struggling and screaming as Ashley and Nancy restrain her while
all this is going on as she knows we are talking about her, but she does not
know what she is in for yet. I have plans for her and her mother which they will
not like. But for now we need to get the rest of the young girls to stripped and
into the holding room. While my girls are doing this I have the rest of my crew
bring the remaining cattle of the trailer and get them stripped. As I must leave
for a few minutes I tell Becky to hold back on the stripping the 7 young girls
until I return. Again she grins and wiggles her tongue at me. While I am gone
the other cattle will be stripped and taken into the holding area. This is a
large room where the cattle are hooked to 4 ft. wrist and ankle spreaders. The
wrist spreaders have a large steel eye ring in their center, this allows the
cattle to be lifted up and hooked on to a roller attached to the overhead set of
rails. These overhead rails run the of the Make Ready Building.  This allows
easy transportation of the cattle into the wash out, clean up  station and other
processing areas. This is the building we use to process the cattle for our
Catering Cookouts.

Now I head away down the dock to the freight and receiving area, I have of just
received word that and the shipment of special equipment that I had ordered for
this project has and just at arrived. This is a load of special equipment that I
ordered for this job after my last meeting with the Ambassador who has laid out
a plan as a to how he wants all these cattle dealt with. He has given me a
detailed list of an instructions, many things on his list normally I would find
are overly harsh and cruel. This is not so with this bunch, the last dealing I
had with them is still fresh in my mind. As I looked over his list I felt it
fell a little, short and some areas. After I brought some of this to his
attention I was given permission to use my own discretion as to their treatment
over the next two weeks. The Ambassador then reiterated his wishes for the
treatment and the slaughter of certain members of the group, which I assured him
would be carried out.

Upon arriving at the receiving dock George my receiving Foreman is checking over
the invoice to make sure we've received our complete order. He and I check the
shipment as it comes off the truck.


Four of the new punishments chairs with adjustable Electro dildo and butt plugs
with Electro Shock nipple clips. With remote control unit.


Six multi dildo butt plug racks with remote control Electro Shock Units.

24 Vaginal insert remote control Electro Shock Units.


24 Anal insert remote control Electro Shock Units

24 Remote controlled Cock and Ball Electro Shock Units with Electro conducting
catheters.


24 Sets remote controlled Electro Shock Nipple Cups with the piercing needles.

36 24inch Electro Shock flexible Urethra inserts.


12 Sets Electric strap on Pussy Lip Roasters.

36 Sets strap on clear glass Pyrex Breast Roasters.12 Small,12 Med, 12 Large.

12 Sets New Style Bull Ball Busters with Electro Shock piercing needles.

12 Special Electric Metal Penis Cooking Boards with heavy duty insulation on
bottom side.

12 New style wood Cock and Ball Nailing Boards.(The new style board has a
improved cork surface to allow many more cock and ball nailings without
splitting the board)


24 Assorted size Electric Vaginal and Anal Insert cooking units.(Sizes range
from 1 in dia by 8 in long to 2 1/4 dia by 14 in long.)

3 Large 7ft by 30 inch Clear Glass Pyrex Pig In A Blanket Baking Units.(These
are a new baking unit with a hinged cover that is used to cook a Pig in a
Blanket.After the cow (Pig) is prepared and rolled in pastry from her ankles to
her neck holes are cut to expose her breasts and pussy while baking.She is then
placed in the Pyrex Baker and with the lid closed she is placed over the cooking
pit to cook.

6 New style Steel Electro Impaling poles.The new poles have adjustable wings
which flip out from the pole and allow the impaled cows butt to rest on it ,this
will control the speed of impalement while delivering electrical shock to the
unlucky Bull or Cow. (These are to replace our old wood poles which had no speed
controls and needed overhead rope to control the speed.The new poles will allow
the Cows to enjoy their Impalement much longer.)

12 New Style 200MK Bull Ejaculation Milking machines with Auto Stimulator Anal
Probes.(The Anal probes are on a timer and induce the bull to erection for
milking many times over a 24 hour peroid.Although this may seem to be a good
deal for the bull they soon change their mind after the first 24 hrs.)

I double check the shipping order to make sure everything is here as we will
need all the new equipment for use on this new bunch of cattle.

I instruct my dock foreman to have all this new equipment taken to our Equipment
Room where I want it all set up on display.

Part of my instructions from the Ambassador are to show the ex Senator,family
and friends this equipment and explain to each of them which items will be used
on each of them and also how each is used.The Ambassador wants them to know what
they are  in store for and let them think about it for the next two weeks.I also
have a free hand to use them as I wish during that time,I intend to give them a
very good time.

Finished with the shipment I head back to the processing area to check on the
progress of the cattle unloading.

Now I instruct my girls to start removing the young girls hoods and wrist and
ankle restraints two at a time as I want to savor the sight at leisure.

The first young cow unwrapped is a young blond with a stunning figure.Her name
tag says her name is Susie and she is the fifteen year old daughter of one of
the ex Senator's crooked friends.As the hood is removed it takes her a few
seconds to adjust her eyes to the bright light.As soon as she can focus her eyes
she goes nuts jerking her still restrained shoulders and trying to scream from
behind her penis gag.Although she is not sure where she is she has heard all the
screams from the others in her group she has a good idea this is a bad place for
her to be.And she is right.

After Nancy and Ashley have her under control I can give her a good look over
and can see she has nice blue eyes to go with a very nice body.Like the other
converted cows she is all dressed up in very sexy clothes to attempt to sway the
judge at their trial.I notice her nice tight white blouse which covers her
uplift bra holding a very firm set of ample breasts.As my gaze follows her
lovely body down I can see her well shaped nylon clad legs extending from under
her short skirt.I almost lick my lips as I motion Becky to use her scissors to
start stropping this beautiful little cow.Ashley who is holding on to one of her
arms looks at me and licks her lips and smiles,I know she as I can't wait to
taste this sweet young thing.

Becky cuts the back and arms of the young cows blouse as Nancy and Ashley hold
her still restrained struggling arms.As Becky pulls the blouse off her we are
treated to a vision of two creamy smooth firm uplifted breast tops which are
pulsing up and down with her heavy breathing.I tell Becky to set them free from
the restraining bra,Becky smiles and can't resist lifting both of them with her
hands and giving them a squeeze.This brings more struggles and muffled protests
from the young cow.Quickly Becky steps behind her and cuts all the straps
holding the bra and as it falls away the lovely creamy globes do not sag at
all.They stick straight out with two beautiful pink virginal nipples on display
as my two girls struggle to hold her still.The young blonde cow really goes nuts
when I ask my girls which one wants to suck them and all three answer they
do.Then I tell them they will have to wait until she is in the Special
Punishment Room and they all can have her.As the young cow screams from behind
her gag all three girls smile as they visualize all the delightful thing we are
going to do to all of them in the next two weeks.

Now it is time to unwrap the rest of her charms.I motion Becky to finish
undressing her.This brings more struggling and muffled protest as Becky cuts her
skirt down the back.Becky holds it in place until she can step around in front
to enjoy the sight when the skirt falls away.None of us are disappointed at the
lovely sight before us.I can feel my huge hard cock about to explode inside my
pants as a gasp escapes all three girls just as the young cows screams increase
from behind her gag.Then she starts her struggles again  while Ashley and Nancy
hold on to her.

She is a vision of sexy loveliness standing there in her sheer pantyhose
covering her little white panties.I can not resist putting my hand between her
legs and holding her panty and nylon covered pussy in my hand,this causes her to
through her head back and scream wildly.As she struggles wildly Becky helps hold
her while I hold her warm panty covered pussy in my hand.

Now I step back and tell Becky to finish stripping her.I want to get a look at
her sweet little pussy,and also get a little taste of it.YUM YUM.

Becky cuts the back of her panties and pantyhose so they slip down onto her legs
exposing the little blonds almost hairless pussy.I tell Becky to cut the hose
and panties away and remove her leg restraints.Quickly Becky starts her task as
Nancy and Ashley struggle to hold the little cow who is now screaming and going
nuts.I know once her leg restraints are removed she will start kicking and
attempt to run so I tell Lisa one of my girls to bring a whip over and stand
ready.The young cow does not hear this as she is busy screaming and
struggling.Sure enough as soon as her leg restraints and underwear are removed
she tries to kick my girls.I motion Lisa to use the whip and she knows how to
control a unruly cow.The little cows screams and struggles cease for a split
second and she stands frozen as Lisa's riding crop slashes down across both her
breasts.Then the searing hot pain reaches her brain ,her knees buckle as she
lets out a ear piercing scream of intense pain.She has never know this much pain
in her life the strip across the tops of her breasts feel like they had been
branded with a hot poker.She could not do anything but scream with the mind
numbing pain to her breasts.

Ashley and Nancy must hold the young cow up by her arms to prevent her
collapsing on the dock,I just stand back and enjoy the show until her screams
die away a little.As soon as she is able to hear me I tell her to stand up and
spread her legs or she will get three more on each breast and this time on her
nipples.Even through the fog of pain in her mind she looks at me and I know she
understands as she moans NOOOOOO PLLLLSE from behind her gag.

As Ashley and Nancy lift her back to her feet Lisa taps her between her legs
with the whip and orders her to spread her legs.She just stands and does not
move until Lisa moves around in front of her and raises the whip high in the
air,she screams and quickly she spreads her as wide as she can.

I look at her little treasure that has caused her so much pain.Watching her
still pain filled face I extend my hand between her legs to caress her little
peach fuzz covered pussy,she closes her eyes and moans but stands still.I smile
at Lisa who still has the whip in the air and tell her ,well done.I then tell
her for such a good job you get first taste, after me of course.Lisa smiles and
licks her lips then sticks her tongue out at me and wiggles it.

The young cow still has eyes closed while she moans at what is being done to
her,she is learning that she is no longer a human but is a human cow.Now her
eyes pop wide open as my finger invades the delicate folds of her little virgin
pussy.She throws her head back and moans loudly but does not move her widespread
legs.As I slip my finger into her up just beyond my first knuckle I confirm that
she is indeed a virgin and I get to bust her cherry.OH BOY.Now she shakes her
head from side to side while moaning as I use my finger to gently massage her
little clit.As I continue to work on her clit I tell Becky to suck her nipples
as I begin to get her female juices flowing,and with Becky on her nipples and my
finger in her pussy I am rewarded.Despite her pain and shame she starts to
secrete her sweet female juice.At this I insert a second finger gently inside
her pussy which is becoming wet and slick.I can tell by her flow of pussy juice
and a change of tone in her constant moans.Soon both my fingers are coated with
her slick secretion's I am enjoying myself so much I hate to pull my wet fingers
out of her little pussy and only compelled to do so at the thought of tasting
her sweet virgin pussy juice. I remove my fingers and hold the wet fingers up
for my girls to see,all of which have a greedy look on their faces.I then hold
my soaked fingers over to Lisa's face and tell her to smell ,then the little
wench quickly takes them in her mouth and sucks them for she is worth.To late I
pull my fingers back and looking at her smiling smug face I tell her.You little
wench I will make you pay for that tonight.She replies laughingly. PROMISES
PROMISES THAT"S ALL I GET!I make a mental note to give her a good working over
tonight knowing she loves being restrained and punished among other fun things.

With the young still moaning with her head thrown back as Becky's mouth and
tongue working on her nipples I slip both finger back inside her slick warm
pussy lips.As my fingers enter her she shivers and her legs quiver as if she
wants to close them but the touch of Lisa's whip to the inside of her thigh
stops this.

I can tell Becky's lips are having an effect on the young cow as her juices are
flowing freely and her breathing has become more elevated and her moans more of
passion than pain and shame.I can feel her as she is now pushing her pussy
hungrily into my invading fingers.I grasp her little clit between my thumb and
forefinger and gently massage it.This causes her body to tremble and her moans
increase as her passion increases.My fingers mow soaked with her juice I force
myself to pull them out and quickly put them in my mouth before on of the girls
try to suck them again.Damm she tastes so good I almost cum right there as I
suck her sweet virgin juice from my fingers.I now tell Becky to take her turn to
taste the young cows sweet pussy juice.As she inserts her fingers into the
little cow I instruct my girls to take their turns and get the other girls ready
to be stripped.

I then tell Becky to join me in the medical exam room when she has finished
tasting the young cows pussy.I need a good blow job before we finish processing
the other young cows and Becky really knows how to suck dick.

END CHAPTER TWO

E MAIL ME IF YOU LIKE MY STORY          PICK UP MAN

RRolingthunder@aol.com  rolingthunder60@yahoo.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





