BDSM Library - The Reopening Of The Pain Club




The Reopening Of The Pain Club
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is to be a long on going tale of pain sex torture and perversion. Sandy is a pain slut or so she thinks. Walk with Sandy as she learns what real pain and torture is. Will she still love it?
Introduction

I would start by saying thank you to all of you that read my posting THE PAIN
CLUB and like the story enough to e- mail me with what they would like to see in
the story.

It is your e-mails plus our web hosts that encouraged me to go ahead and finish
the story. Some of the readers like my writing style, and some do not, such is
life.

It is to that grope of readers that I am not only going to finish the story, but
I am dedicating it to them, as we are a grope that truly likes the kinky and
bizarre, enjoy.

There is a small grope of readers that had a problem reading the PAIN CULB, as
it had a sea of errors I have done some rewriting of parts one and two to fix
this.

But take note of this, I do not care if it is 100% to your liking, if you find
that you are having a problem reading this story, please in the upper left
corner of your screen is a back bottom, it is the way out, go find a another
story to read, as you can see from above this one is not for you.

Have said all that, with farther add on to the Reopening of The Pain Club.




REOPENING OF THE PAIN CLUB
Part   1
.

When I got home from work, and as I walked in the door, my brother, said,"
tonight is the night." Maybe I have changed my mind I told him.
But you said you would. Keep your voice down or someone will hear you.
It is ok, no one is home; mom and dad are not here.
Ok, I will let you watch but only one time, and you had better not tell anyone.
Not even your buddies at that club you go to.
Ok, I will not tell anyone.
My brother is 19 and in an S&M club. He has asked me to go to it, but I tell him
no. Who knows, maybe some day I will. He does not know that I like pain, a lot,
and maybe some day I will tell him. That will blow his mind!
I know Jim; that is my brother's name. He likes to hurt women; he told me so.
I am 18, 5 feet 9 inches tall, and 130 pounds. I am 36d 26 35 and have shoulder
length blonde hair, and I have no body
Hair at all, yes my pussy is bald and my name is Sandy, Jim is 6 foot tall and
175 pounds with dark hair.

I bet you want to know what Jim is all hot about, that I let him watch. Will he
wants to watch me in bed, is that all you say, will no, you see two weeks ago,
Jim found that I have been sleeping with my pets, he came into my room bitching
that the house was to hot, and to close my door. You see I have to keep it close
to 90 degrees for the pets that I keep in my room, they like it warm.

Sandy we all sleep with a pet, a dog, or cat, it is no big deal, so nice talking
with you I am out of here.
Wait, I will tell you, I sleep with a 5-foot snake.
Holly shit, a snake, far out, what kind?
It's a Thailand ball snake; I also have a 4-foot one, and a 3 foot one also.
Hold on; is that the one that will go where it is warm and then ball up?
Yes, they will do that.
And they will also push they way into tight warm openings, I asked?
Yes, there are stories of then pushing they way into a women cervix, and all the
way into her womb.
I am staying; tell me more about you sleeping with a snake. You have any other
pets you sleep with? No I don't.
Yes she dose, she also has blood snakes in there Jim said. Yes but I do not
sleep with them in bed with me.
What is a blood snake I asked?
 It is from Thailand also, it has small sharp teeth that are hollow, that they
can suck warm blood with, that is how they eat, and warm them self.
Are they dangers, I asked sandy?
No, not at all, If one was to bit you, and you let it fed on your blood it would
only suck out two or three ounces, I have had blood test that took more.
 Ok go on with your story, you have my interest.
We waited for everyone to go to bed, Sandy got ready for bed, it so warm in her
room that all she wares to bed are her panties, and sleeps with just a sheet
over her.
I went to her room, and she let me in and told me that I could sleep in the big
stuffed chair she has in her room.



Sandy got the 5-foot snake and put it on the bed, then went to the bathroom and
took some pills; I asked if she was ok?
She said yes, so I shut up.
She told me that I was only to watch, and if nothing happens, to bad, but if it
doses you are not to try and stop it.
Ok, I said if that is what you want.
She looked at me, and then took off her panties, and put then on the bed, up by
the pillow, god what a body, for a weekend with that body to do anything I
wanted with, I give my left nut. Sandy got in bed with the snake and pulled up
the sheet.
Hey, I can't see anything, Jim told her. When I tell you, you may pull the sheet
down, but do it slowly.
Hold on, I need to do something; ah can you go into the bathroom and stay there
until I call you?
Why, Jim asked?
You will see, just do it.
I did, after about 10 minutes Sandy said; ok you can come back out.
I did, and I could not see a thing, she had a thin blanket over her and the
lights were dimmed, after a minute
I could see better, and I could see her arms were up by the headboard of the bed
and spread out, and I could see
That there were cuffs on her wrists, and they were hooked to the bedpost, I was
about to say something, but then shut up.
As my eyes got accustom to the low light, it looked like she was spread-eagled
on the bed under the blanket.
You like what you see sandy asked? Yes I do, how did you tie yourself like that?
Not easy, but I did it she answered. I could see that the snake was moving. I
asked what was happening?
Nothing; he is just looking for a spot to lie that is warm.
Ok, I sat down and watched, as we talked the more relaxed Sandy became.
She asked, if I would tighten the bondage straps?
I said; I love to, but I do not know what you want me do, you want me to spread
you still more, stretch you?
Yes; pull me down, take my ankles and pull hard, that will pull my arms tight,
then shorten the ropes that are holding my legs apart. Sandy has an real big
bed, I think it is a king size, I know when I have laid across it that there was
still a foot of bed that my six foot tall body did not cover.
I pulled as hard as I could, I could see her body stretch, as I pulled her legs
down a little more. Then I started pulling them apart, spreading them wide.
Header she said, spread my legs wider, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, more
I asked? Yes, a little more sandy groan. Aaaahhhhhh I pulled some more, and tied
the ropes off to the bedpost, I had to do all this with the blanket still over
her.


I was about to sit down, when Sandy asked me to go over to the wall and set the
heat to off? I looked at sandy,
With a knowing look, you sure you want to do this, I asked my sister? She said,
yes I am sure, just go and do it.  I went over and turned the heat off. Did I
tell you it is late fall ,that it is about 40 degrees outside.
She then told me I could pull the blanket off her, and then take it off the bed,
but do it slow and from the foot of the bed.
I stood at the foot of the bed, and took the blanket in my hands.
No, don't lift it off of the bed she told me, use your fingers to bunch it at
the foot of the bed, I did as she said, I could see the blanket start to slide
Off her breasts, slowly it slid down her body until it was just above her hips,
a inch at a time I pulled, another inch and I could see Her pussy, god her legs
are pulled so wide, that the lips of her pussy are pulled open, I could see her
pink inter lips. A little more and the blanket was off the bed, I was standing
there, looking at my sister's lovely body spread eagled real wide, and the snake
still laid by her side.
I went and sat down, my cock was hard as a rock, I was about to cum in my pants,
she had said, that I could not touch myself At all in her room, I did not have
to just looking her like that, it felt like I was going to cum just seeing her
like that.
The room was cooling off, I could see what looked like a block of wood under
Sandy's lower back and hips, it was not big but it was holding her hips up off
the bed, I could see her anal ring and it looked shiny. I asked what it was, and
she said ky jelly.
My god, you don't think? She said I don't know, this the first time I let it
have its way with me.
What was the pill you took?
I took a bunch of them; and  it was an antacid
Why I asked, don't you feel well? I am fine; I will tell you after this is over.
I need you to go and get the rest of my pets, they must be getting cold; I know
I am, and put them on the bed, but not the blood ones.
I went and got the rest of her pets, as she called them, and put then all on the
bed by her legs.
The room was cooling down a lot, it was at 65 degrees, I sat down to watch, and
god what a site my sister made spread-eagled on the bed; and 3 big snakes with
her, and they were moving.
All three snakes were moving one had went up on to her chest, the others were on
her hips
With her legs opened so wide, I watched as an 48 inch snake moved close to her
asshole I told her it was close; I think it is going to happen. You sure you
want it inside your ass I asked? Let them go whereever they want, I think I can
that it, if not, I will have you stop it.
The 5 foot one, also moved between her wide spread legs
I looked at her face; she was scared, I look back at her legs, it was happening,
the 5-foot snake had its head inside her pussy.
I heard her groan," oh my god," I told her to relax and let it happen.
Easy for you to say, you don't have a snake going into your body.
OH....   god this going to hurt. Want me to pull it out I asked her?
NOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooo let them go where they want, Sandy groaned.
I could see that the other snake, the 4 foot one had pushed its head into her
rectum, and was pushing its way into her body.
The small one was up by her mouth, witch she kept closed
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa she cried out as more of the one in her pussy pushed
into her. Is it pushing on the mouth of your cervix I asked? I think so; it
feels like it may be, sandy told me.
I watched as more and more of the snakes pushed there way up into her body, I
asked her if it was hurting her. She said, oh god yes, every time they push it
hurts.
Want me to pull then out of you?
No let then go Sandy groaned, over on the table there are two boxes, bring them
over here. I did what she asked, as I asked her what was in them. You will see,
just pore what is in them on to my breasts.
I opened the box, and pored it on to her right tit, my god a big leech landed on
her, by her nipple
 I did the other breast and another leech was on her tit
She looked up at me for a moment, and said to place them on her nipples.
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 Sandy you got to keep it down, dad will hear us, what's the matter?   The one
that went into me ass, god it feels like it is so deep, I looked between her
legs, it is almost all the way inside your rectum, I told her, I can see your
abdomen moving as they push and turn, G..O...D she groaned
I put the leeches on her nipples, like she wanted.        
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh one then the other bit into her
nipples.
The small snake was still up by her mouth
I watched as sandy looking up at the ceiling, slowly let her mouth open; slowly
she opened it wider.
That was all it took, I came in my pants, she was going to let the snake go into
her mouth.
Holly shit, my sister is one kinky bitch.
 I went to the foot of the bed, and watched what was happening. God what a site
She was.
The one in her rectum was all the way inside her now, god she had taken 48
inches of a live snake into her colon
It had to fucking hurt her; I think my sister is into pain; she has to be.
There she was, with a snake pushing into her womb, yes it had pushed into her
cervix and was filling her uterus with its body, it had to hurt as much as
having a baby, and another snake was all the way inside her asshole, filling her
insides.
I could see she still had her mouth partly open.
 I think; that if that three-foot snake wants into her mouth, that she is going
to let it.
Shit, she would have to deep throat a snake.
After few minutes it went down the front of her body and between her legs
Dam, it would have been cool to watch her deep throat it, oh well.
OH GOD THAT HURTS, Sandy keep your voice down; we do not want to get caught.
The snake in her pussy had pushed very hard, and most of it was in her, two and
a haft feet of it. And it was hurting her, but I could see that she was also
having an orgasm, one after another; she was doing a lot of moaning.
The small one kept crawling over her hips and between her wide spread legs
After Cumming two more times, she asked me to pull out the one that was in her
pussy, then the one in her ass, but first make me cum, take to leeches off me
and clean my nipples and then suck on then.
Suck on The leeches? on way, I know what she wanted; I was fucking with her
head.
No, my nipples they will be sore from what the leeches did to them, and you
sucking on them will hurt, and I can cum form the pain
Lets see if he picks up on that, I am a pain slut Sandy thought, as her brother
took off the leeches.
I took them off of her, and cleaned her nipples, and then I sucked on my sister
nipples and slowly rub her clitoris.
The snakes still inside her, still pushing hard and turning inside her,
continued to cause her painful cramps, and me sucking and rubbing her clit, she
came long and hard.
I asked what about me? I want to get off too, I told her.
She told me to get up on the bed, and to get over the top of her, with my knees
on each side of her breasts, and she would open her mouth and let me jerk off
and cum in her mouth, but that, I was not to try and fuck her. I did not need to
be told twice.
My lovely sister holding her mouth open as I filled it with my cum, and god did
I cum, I watched as my sister swallow all of my
Thick cum, as I shot yet another big wad of cum into her mouth and across her
face.	
After some rest, I pulled out the snake that was in her pussy. The one inside
her rectum and up into her colon, I had to push my hand up into her rectum to
get the snake, as I was doing it I asked her if she liked being fisted?
Yes I like it, Sandy answered
Dose it hurt?
Yes.
You like the pain, don't you ? You get off on it?
Yes, yes I do
Are you a pain slut I asked? As I pulled out the last of the 4 feet of snake out
of her rectum, some of it was in a ball so it came out hard?
Yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh  dam that was big
I put all of her pets back in there cages and turn on the heat, them I went over
and got on the bed between her still wide spread legs, and bent down and kissed
her, as I did, I picked up the under pants that she had left by the pillow, I
started pushing the pants into her mouth. She tried to turn her head, to stop
me, but I got her panties into her mouth, I could see fear in her eyes. She
knows what I was going to do.
My mind was made up, I did not care if she said no, sister or not I was going to
fuck her, I was going rape my sister hard and deep, and I wanted it to hurt her.
I put the head of my 10-inch cock between her pussy lips; and I slammed my hips
down, slamming all ten inches into her open pussy all at once. I hammed it into
her hard and deep as I could.
Mmmmmmmmmmuuuuuuuuuuuuueeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  she screamed into her underwear, as I
pounded it in and out of my sister, Watching her face as I fucked her, She tried
to say into the gag, fuck me hard, but all that I could hear was
fffffffffffffkkkkkkkkkkkkkkmmmmmmmmmmmmmeee  
hhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddd
 I came again, deep inside her, filling her sloppy cunt with cum. Then I untied
her and asked if she was ok? And told her I was sorry.
She said, I am fine, and I loved it, all of it, even you raping me, you have a
big cock, big brother, she gave me a kiss and told me, I had better go to my
room.
As I started out, I asked, what was the antacid  for?
She said that she was going to let any one of then go into her mouth, and she
did not want her stomachs acids to hurt the snake.
I went back to my room thinking to myself, IN HER STOMACH, holly fuck, she is
wild, and what a looker.




THE PAIN CLUB
Part 2



When Sandy came in the door from her date looking down in the mouth, I asked
her, what's wrong?
She said, I think all the guys in this town are pussy. Why is that I asked her?

I do everything I can think of to get these guys to hurt me, this last one, I
hit
Him in the balls trying to piss him off, So he would beat the shit out me, but
nothing he just sat there holding his balls and saying I am going to take you
home now.

Well I have asked you to come to the club many times; you would get what you
need there.

Yes you have, but I do not think I will find what I am looking for from a bunch
of wet behind the ears kids.

Is that what you think the pain club is, a bunch of kids?

Yes.

Sis you are wrong, the club is mostly older people; I am one of the youngest
Ones there, miss know it all.
Ok I will go to your club, I will try anything ones, who do I talk to about
joining?
You talk to a lady named Jill, but you can't.

Why?

It is closed for a month; they are putting in some new torture devices, a lot of
work and dust.
Torture? I thought it was an S&M place, Sandy asked.
The club also offers torture to those who what it.
I did not know that, Sandy told her brother.

God I am honey. Will you do like you did when I let you watch?

Why Sandy, What do you mean? Jim teased.
I want you to hurt me, make me cum, make me love it, god I need to feel alive,
and I need some pain and fucking. I know you want to, I��ve seen you looking at
my body, come on big brother hurt me, and hurt me all over, please.

Mon and dad are up stairs, if we do it, and you scream and they come down hear,
and we Will have to deal with them. And that would be Bad, real bad
I wont scream, I, oh god, please?
Tomorrow, I will do you tomorrow, it is Saturday and we are both off.

Ok, you sure? Wait mom and dad well be hear, where are we going to do it Sandy
asked.
Sandy sat thinking for a minute, I know, how about the ski camp, it is only
about a
Mile walk up the creek.
That is a good idea, lets see, what am I going to use to beat you with, don't
want to
Be up the creek without a paddle, Jin laughs.
I have a whip sandy said. Jim eyes lit up

Where did you get it?

From bondagetoys. Com. Sandy told him.

Sandy, I will whip you, but there is a catch.

What?

I am going to bring Tom and Ken.
No way, they are nerds; they are so not with it. They would shit their pants to
see me nude, and getting whipped.
Hell in school, they called Tom, meat.

Jim walks over to sandy and put his hands on her face gently, and told her that
they are both hardcore sadist. And would love to beat, and fuck you senseless,
you do not know who is who, that is why you can't find a boyfriend to hurt you?
And they call him meat because he has really big cock.

So is it a date Jim asked? If you say yes, I need to get a hold of then to help
me tonight,
To set up one of the buildings with hooks in the rafters, and in the walls,
there will
Not be anyone there in July, so it should be a good spot to go for some fun with
you.

Yes, I'll do it, Sandy told him.

Way to go sis, I want you to were a dress, a bra, bikini panties, and a garter
belt and
Some stocking, nude color stocking, the rest all white, you can put the high
heels in a bag with your whip, and then when we get there, you can put on the
heels.

Ok anything else?

Were makeup, you look hot when you are all made up, I will take care of the rope
And what ever else I think we will need,
And no going up stairs, and playing with your self, or your snakes, I want you
as
Hot as firecracker tomorrow.

Ok, god I got to go and change my underwear the crouch is so wet; I can feel it
Running down my legs. You save some of that cum for tomorrow.

Sandy went up stairs and took a bath, it had been a long day, and went to bed,
she know
That it would be hard to fall asleep tonight.

Jim /tom and ken spent most of the night getting a building ready.
The rafters were high, and the room was about 20 feet wide, they put hooks into
The rafters and in the walls, some low, down by the floor, and some up higher in
The walls. Also they put some here and there around the room.

Sandy woke up, it was all she could to keep for touching her self, She put on a
Robe and went down stairs.
Her brother was already dressed, and having coffee and some type pasty.
May I eat, sandy asked Jim?
Yes, you are going to need all of your strength for today.

You have two hours to get ready, then drive to the mill and leave your car there
, I will be waiting there for you, then we can walk to the ski camp, the others
will meet
Us by the falls, then we can all walk the rest of the way, it's a nice day for a
Walk.

Sandy did not care if it was a nice day for a walk, she wanted to be whipped and
fucked,
There could have been a fucking tornado, and she would have made that walk.

She got ready, and put all the things Jim had told to in the car, and drove to
the
Mill. Jim was waiting as he said he would be. Sandy could feel, the thrill of
anticipation in her crotch, she was getting wet.

They started out for the ski camp, and as planed the others joined them.
You look hot ken told her, she sure dose said tom.

When they got to the building that the guys spent most of the night getting
Ready Jim told her to put on the heels.
She did look funny in the short black dress and sneakers, she did as told, and
WOW what different.

Jim handed sandy a note, and told her to sign it, sandy looked at it, and signed
it.
The note said, that sandy had asked to be here, having this done to her, of her
own
Free will.

Jim told her to stand with her hands at her sides, and look only at him, that
Tom And ken are going to start removing your dress.
She did as told, and soon she was standing in to room in bar, panties, and
garter
Belt. Look at me Jim said, as tom removed her bra.
Sandy turned red with embarrassment, as her breasts were naked for Jim buddies
to see.
Tom reached over and ran his hand over sandy tits; she is a goddess tom told
them.


Jim told her, to take off her panties, and stuff them into her mouth, push them
All the way in.
They watch as she strip off the panties, and started stuffing them into her
mouth, until they were all the way in.
Tom hand her a dog collar, and told her to use it so the panties stay in your
Mouth.
Sandy tried but was unable to work the small belt; she needed help.

Ken pulled the collar tight, forcing the ball up panties deeper into her mouth,
and hooked it closed. Tom and ken put bondage cuffs on her wrists and ankles, as
Jim told her to keep her hands by her sides.
She did as rope was run though the eyes on to cuffs on her wrist and ankles.
That done Jim walks over, and ran his hands over her body, saying so lovely,
then
Looked over to Tom and Ken, nodding his head.

Sandy handy hands went up slowly over her head; she was being lifted off the
Floor, up about a foot. The ropes that were on her ankles were pulled tight
though hooks in the floor. They were stretching her body, pulling her tight.
The ropes were tied off.

God she got a great ass, meat said.

Tom walked in front of her, and so she could see, and undid his belt and pulled
it out of his pants. Ken was doing the same; Jim had her whip, and hit Her
across the back of her legs.
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm Sandy tried to scream
 They started hitting her with belts and whip on her Tits, stomach, hips, back,
and thighs, everywhere.
They walk around her, using belts and whip, leaving deep red strips, as they
went.
She scream into the panties mmmmmmmmmmmuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaaaa

What a show.

They tired of that, and let her down, so they could retied her, with her arms
Spread wide, and pulled her back up, then her legs were spread wide, and tied to
the
Lower hooks, that was in the wall.

Again they whipped her, crack went the belts the whip sounded a bit different.
Again and again they whipped her.
Sandy's body was being covered with red welts; there was almost no white skin
left on her body, from her just above her breasts, to her knees, it was mass of
red welts
Jim was trying to swing the whip up between her legs, to hit her open pussy, but
could not get a good swing.

Shit, untied her, they stop whipping her and took her down. Take the wrist ropes
and use them to tied her ankles, and the ankles to tied her wrists.
They did, and pulled her back up in an upside down spread-eagle, her legs open
wide.
Sandy know what was coming, her body felt like it was on fire, but her pussy was
Socking wet

Sandy could see her brother, he looked like he was upside down to her, and she
could
See the whip arc up into the air, and then it hit her open pussy.
The pain, it was like she had been shot in her open cunt, and that was quietly
Followed by a wave of pleasure.
Another load crack, and her asshole felt like it was on fire, oh my god, they
were
Using a belt to whip her asshole, with legs so far apart, it was an easy target.
Ken got down, and was using his belt on the bottom of her tits, and on her
nipples.

As the belt, and whip hit her, front and back, on her spread open pussy hole,
and at
Times, right on her asshole, and at others, even on her clitoris.
Before it was over, each time a belt or whip hit her between her legs, cum would
go
Flying into the air, they were beating cum out of her. It had welled up in her
open pussy, as she was tied up side down, as the belt and whip continued to hit
her open womanhood, her
Pussy juices splash into the air.            
They beat her to orgasm; after orgasm; orgasms rolled over her pain filled body,
she had not cum that hard in a long time.

When it was over they untied her to let her rest, but they told her that they
were not done with her yet, they also took the panties out of her mouth.

Jim asked her how she was? My whole body feels like it is throbbing, I love it,
I want more.

Jim looked at his friends, and said; I told you shed love it.

Sandy tell them what you did with your pets.
What pets asked tom?
Snakes.
Jim, please no?
Tell them, her brother order her.

I let my brother watch as the snakes went into my body, while I was
spread-eagled on my bed.
Tell them the rest, Jim told her.
Sandy was red with embarrassment, and looking at the floor, said. I had him put
leeches on my nipples, and he jerked off in my mouth, then he raped, me while
was still tied.

I don't know about you guys, but I want to fuck her, Jim said. I will lie on my
back, and you get on top of me. Sandy did what Jim wanted, and Jim slid his
10-inch hard on into Sandy's wet pussy.
Jim had his friends tie His sisters legs to the side walls, spreading her legs
wide apart, and her wrist to hooks they had put into the floor of the building
the night before.
Jim told sandy not to look behind her, to look at his face only. Go head Tom;
fuck her in the ass, Jim told him.

Jim watched sandy face as tom put his cock against her asshole, and pushed hard,
and eased off
Then another push, he was slowly forcing her rectum to open wide, real wide.
Sandy had, had a lot of things in her asshole, but not this big, Tom was forcing
her to open wider then she had ever been open before.

Jim watched, the pained filled look in her face; as her ass hole was stretched
open wider, as the head of the huge 2 and 3/4-inch thick cock went into her.
Ken watch as inch after inch went into her rectum 6�� deep in her rectum, a
god-awful cramp in her lower abdomen. Tom pushed in and eased back, them in
again, each time he pushed in, he pushed real hard, then it happen, the barrier
that separates the rectum from the colon relaxed,
And more of the big cock went into her.

God, moaned sandy as still more went into her. Mow you know why we call him
meat, Jim told her.

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh one last push, and all 12 inches were
inside her rectum and colon.
Oh god fuck me, I feel so stuffed, Sandy groan
And fuck her they did, slow at first, them meat was pounding that huge cock into
her like a jackhammer. Oh god, harder, do it harder, make me bleed, FUCK ME
Ken watched, eyes wide, Jim that is one hell of a sister you got there, you are
one lucky son of bitch, Ken told him.
Tom came in her ass, and I was not far behind.

Then we tied her hands behind her and I held her head as ken fucked her in the
Mouth, pumping his load down her throat
Then we tied her back up in a spread eagle, but this time, we tied her legs to
the
Hooks that were higher up the wall, she was dam near doing a full split, the gag
Was back in her mouth again.

Tom started to work his hand up into her rectum one finger at a time, Slowly Tom
pushed his hand up into my sisters wide stretched rectum, opening her still more
then he had with his cock.
Ken was pushing his hand up Sandy's wide open cunt, as cum was running down His
arm, I know that ken was not going to stop until he had his whole fist inside my
sister.
Sandy screamed into the panties, I looked and, God tom had his whole fist and
his arm almost up to the elbow in her, stretching Her insides to the limit.
I pick up her whip, and hit her on her tits, as my two buddy's fist fucked her
to yet another painful orgasm.

 After we let her down, we made her suck all three of us off, holding her head
we made her swallow all of our cum.

I got sandy back home, and she went up to relax her sore body in a tub of warm
water.
I did not see sandy until the next day, and I asked her if she was ok.
I am sore, but it feels good, guess you call it after glow, tell the guys, that
I
Loved it, everything they did to me, and I want to do it with them again.

When did you say the pain club was going to open?
In about 4 weeks.
Why?
I want more, why, you know why.




Reopening of the pain club
Part 3


  Sandy and Tom started dating after the weekend at the ski camp. Two weeks went
by and we went on with our lives.
I stopped by the club to talk with Jill about Sandy. I was shocked to see all of
the remolding that was being done.
They had put in new seats, new lighting, a new sound system, and some new
devices for inflicting pain on the female body.
The owner, and my good friend, must have put a ton of money into the place.


Jill and I talked over coffee about Sandy. I told her about the thing at the ski
camp, and how much Sandy had loved it. I told her that there was something else,
but I had given my word that I would not tell. J ill asked if I could give her a
clue of some kind.
I told her that my sister was into keeping pets from Thailand." I see, said
Jill, I will have to look that up, but I think I know what you are getting at,"
Jill told him. Well, I have a lot to do. Why don't you Bering Sandy by, say
Wednesday night, and we can talk. There is a lot I want to know about her. Ok, I
will ask her if she'd like to meet you and learn more about the club.

As I started to leave, I asked Jill if she know what the new name of the club
was going to be?
She smiled and said;" belong to Rick".... Just kidding, she said, it is going to
be called the Warehouse.
That fits, seeing as how it is an old warehouse, that has been remolded, I told
her.


That night, I did ask Sandy if shed like to meet Jill? Sandy told me, that now
that she had Tom, that she did not need to go to the club, but she would ask Tom
what he thought about it
The next day, Tom asked me about the club, and asked if I could get him in as a
guest. I told him I would ask if I could.
That night, I call the owner, and told him about Sandy, and asked about Tom.
My friend said, that Tom could get in as a guest, but only if Sandy did a
contract
I called Tom, and told him the good news, what's a contract Tom asked?
That is when two people signs a paper, stop shitting around tom barked, as I
played him along.

If Sandy sings a contract, it says that the club can do anything to her body
that they want for 48 hours.
That she agrees to do what ever they want her to do. That she will submit to all
and anything they want.
Tom asked, when I get my girl friend back, what will she look like, I mean you
said anything, what if they brand her or something like that?
They do not do permanent marks at the club, but she would be a mess when I bring
her home.
Tom asked what about your mom and dad, what if they see the marks?
Sandy will just have to stay covered up for a few days.


Tom talk to Sandy, he told her it was ok with him, if she wanted to do it, and
that he would like to see it.
Sandy told us, ok I will meet with Jill, but I am not saying that I will do it,
but I will talk with her.
Wednesday I called Jill, to set up a time, Jill asked why don't all of you guys
come to the club for dinner, and we can talk after
We eat?
The club has a big dinning room, also two cooks on staff, and the food is real
good.
We all said ok, what time? About seven, Jill told us.
I took Jill off speakerphone and said by, Jim wait, that clue you gave me, I
figured it out, the ball snake, right?
You got it, I told her.
That night, we eat a good dinner; the cooks at the warehouse are great cooks.
Tom and I sat back; as Jill started to ask Sandy how she got to point she was
now, as far as her likening pain?
It started when I was 10 years old, our real mother died and our farther sent
Jim to out grand mothers, and me to our uncles his job you see, he was sent to
Spain to work for a year.
My uncle, He came home one night drunk, and started hitting me with his belt,
then he ripped off my clothes, and he raped me.
It hurt a lot that first time. T he next weekend he was drunk again, and he
raped me again, hitting me with his belt before he ripped off my clothes.
Then he started making me strip naked in front of him, and then he beat me with
the belt.
It got so I liked it, I would look forward to the weekend, because I know that
he would get drunk, and do things to me.
Then our farther came back from his job in Spain. He got a house and sent for
us. After that I started to find ways to hurt myself.
Like what, asked Jill?
Hot wax, matches that were out but still hot, needles and hatpins, I would find
things that I could stick up my self, things like that, Jill asked her what else
did you do to body to make it hurt? I would fill my bladder with water but only
after I had put a small file into my pee hole to make it hurt, it was a good way
to torture my self as once I started to pee I could not stop it, it would hurt
really bad but I would just have to take it. Did you use cold or warm water? I
would use hot water, as it would hurt the most.
How hot was the water asked Jill?  Our water at home is very hot about 140
degrees; I would fill the enema bag with hot water only.
How much did you put into your self-asked Jill?  I would fill the bag full and
take all of it.
Them you would take about two quarts asked Jill    Yes answered Sandy and it
would still be steaming when I peed it out.          
Tom and I just sat there dumb founded.
Well Sandy, let me tell you about our contracted S&M/torture shows. You sign a
contract that say's, we own your body for 48 hours.
That we can do anything we want to you in that time, as long there are no
permanent marks, and you will do what ever we want you to do. When you have
filled your contract, you will get 35% of the take.
What that? Sandy asked?
Our guest pay $ 10.000 dollars each, to watch the show and to take part, the
shows are interactive.
$ 10.000 dollars each and I get 35% of that? How many guests do you have for
these shows?
  A full house is 300 hundred guests
30.000.000 dollars and I get 35% for doing something I like doing anyway?
Yes, you do, but it is not going to be easy to do, we will do things to you that
you have not even thought of.
There will be no safe word; you will be given a stimulant that will keep you
from passing out, you can, and probably will pass out, but it will take a very
high level of pain, to make you pass out.
Will I like what well be done to me?
No, not all of it, most you will, but not all, Jill told her.

Sandy sat thinking for a few moments, where do I sign, Sandy asked?
Sandy signed, and Jill pick up the phone and called a girl named Ann
Jill told sandy to be at the club tomorrow to meet Ann.
Who is she, sandy asked?
Ann works for the club, she is the one that will help you get through this, and
help you still have your sanity when it is over.
Sandy was at the club the next day to meet Ann., as Jill had said.
Ann was to make friends with Sandy, they were to do everything together, and it
was Ann. job to get close to Sandy.
And she did, they did everything together, over the next two weeks they became
friends. Tom was told not to have sex with Sandy, or to hurt her in anyway until
it was over.

The day before Sandy was to be the two days of entertainment, she was given some
pills to take; they would clean her out,
From one end to the other, Jill told her to stay close to a bathroom, that she
would need it.
Jill told Jim, that Ann was also given the same pills to take.
Sandy was also told what she could eat, it was not much, and the same was true
for Ann.

I drove Sandy to the warehouse; it was about 10 pm Friday night.
Sandy noted that the parking lot was full, are you horny I asked her.
Yes I am, she said as she put her hand between her legs, hey none of that I told
her.

Inside we met Jill, and Sandy was taken to another room as tom and I were taken
to our seats, the place was packed.


	
	Warning you are about to enter
	The pain club; if you are easily made
	Ill, or have a weak stomach, stop
	Do not read any farther.




Reopening of the pain club
Part 4

Sandy was in a back room getting ready; she was being bath and dressed by hand
maids. While out in front Tom and I had been taken to our seats. Then our
hostess told us that the bar was open, and that it was an open bar. Tom and I
went and got a drink and then started looking the place over. I had seen the
club before but with all the remolding it looked different.
Around what we call the pit, there are new seats that go up row after row,
something like a theater. They go all the way around the floor of the pit. The
pit is about a hundred feet across, and there are many devices for torturing a
woman, or for that matter a man in it.
Over the new sound system we herd, will all of our guest please go and take
their seats, thank you.
We all filed in and found our seats; it was warm in there. We heard over the
speaker would maintenance please turn on the a/c thank you? Remember there are
300 hundred guest plus staff in there.

After we were all seated, the staff lined up on the floor of the pit. Hello, how
is every thing, Ok so far? A nice looking woman asked. As you can see we all are
wearing white bikini bathing suits. Also you can see I am wearing a headset, as
are all of us down here on the floor. The floor that I a standing on we call the
pit.
We all work at the club and each of us has a job to do here in the pit and at
the club, let me go down the line and have each of us tell you what our job
title is and what we do.
Hello my name is Ann and my title is Sweet Talker, it is my job to encourage our
contracted entertainment to take more of what ever it is we are doing to her,
whether it is painful or a perversion, I also take part in the show.
Hello, my name is Kathy and I too am a Sweet Talker.
Hello, my name is Dee and I am an attendant, my job is to inflict pain on the
contracted person.
Hello, my name is Sue and I am an attendant.
Hello, my name is Candy and I am a Buffer, it is my job to take care of the
guests needs if while watching the show they get turned on, if it is a women I
will relieve her by eating her, if it is a man I will also relieve him with my
mouth, or he may fuck me with me setting in his lap, my back to him.
Hello, my name is Heather my job title is reliever, if a guest while watching
the show has to go to the bathroom, they may use me for that need without
leaving their seats, I also fill in as a buffer.
And so it went on down the line, then it was Jill's turn.
Hello my name is Jill and I am a floor walker my job is to tell you what is
happening on the floor of the pit, and other information.

As you can see the monitors over the pit give a good close up of everything that
happens on the floor of the pit.
We will all now go out to the dinning room for a bite to eat, then all of you
will go to the dressing rooms and take off all of your clothes and put on the
robes that we gave to you as you checked in. The robes were white terrycloth.
After we had a late night sank, we all went and put on the robes.
Then over the speaker we herd, will our guests please go to their seats, as the
first part of the show is going to start in 10 minutes thank you? We took our
seats, and as I looked out over the theater like setting, a sea of white robes
met my eyes.
Jill was on the floor of the pit, and started telling the guests that we would
be able to hear every thing that was said on the floor of the pit, as all of the
staff has on a headset with a mica phone that will pick up the smallest sounds.
Sandy was escort out on to floor of the pit wearing a white robe like all of us
had on. The robe was removed and we could see that all Sandy had on was a pair
of tight white bikini underpants. She was made to turn around so that everyone
could see her body, I could see that she was looking at the floor and flushed
with embarrassment.
Two male attendants lifted her on to a low table, it look like a coffee table
only smaller. She was told to put her hands by her sides, as she did they were
strapped then to the table. The table supported her head and back only, her
knees were bent and her feet were on the floor. Two female attendants took
Sandy's legs and spread them wide. The under pants were cut off my sisters super
body.

Then a man that we had not seen before stepped between Sandy wide spared legs,
in his hand he had what looked like a really big syringe, but I could see that
there was no needle. The guy stuck the thing into sandy pussy and pushed the
plunger, filling her with white sticky glue like stuff. He then took a spray can
and sprayed something on to her clitoris, as the attendants were holding her
legs far apart. He then went to the head of this table like thing; he had the
glue like stuff with him.
Using what looked like an over size Q-tip with a long stick like handle, the man
dipped it into the stuff. The man holding the Q-tip thing by Sandy's mouth,
Witch she kept closed. We could hear Ann saying to Sandy" open your mouth sweet
heart, he wants to put some into your mouth, and it really is not that bad".
Slowly Sandy opened her mouth, a little wider" Ann cooed"
 to my sister. Sandy did and the Q-tip was use to start spreading the stuff
between her gums and lips, and under her tongue. The guy kept dipping as he
worked, each time that he was dipping Sandy would close her mouth, and when he
was ready to put more into her she would open wide for him.  The man dipped into
the stuff and got a big glob of the glue like stuff, Sandy open her mouth and
the man pushed the Q- tip deep into Sandy's mouth spreading the stuff on the
back of her mouth and throat, making Sandy gag. Again the man dipped and into
the stuff and into Sandy's mouth it went, again making her gag.
I could see that there were tear's running down her checks, they were making her
eyes water.

I watched as once again the guy dipped into the stuff and got a really big glob
of it. Sandy did not want to open her mouth any more, ann. her sweet talker told
her," come on Sandy open up he is almost done." I could hear Sandy say," no, no
more I don't like him making me gag with that thing." Ann took her one finger
and slowly ran it lightly over Sandy's lips cooing "come on just a little more"
slowly Sandy did open her mouth, and Ann slipped her fingers over Sandy lower
teeth, with her other hand she did the same over Sandy's upper teeth, holding
Sandy's mouth open wide as the man pushed in the Q tip real deep, Sandy gagged
Hard, I could see her stomach tighten each time they made her gag.
Then it was over, the man left and Ann stay with Sandy telling her," I know, I
know, but it had to be done" as she licked the tears of Sandy's face.

Why, what for, what are they going to do to me? You will see in just a minute
Ann told her, as she sprayed something on to Sandy's breasts. Then into the pit
an attendant brought four collies.  The dog's went to sandy and started to lick
off the stuff that was on her tits and on the lip's of her pussy. And one was
licking her face, " come on Sandy open your mouth, let him lick the stuff out of
your mouth, you will like it, it feels good," we could hear Ann say to Sandy.
Sandy slowly opens her mouth and the dog started licking the inside of her
mouth, as Ann refreshed the spray onto sandy nipples. Jim looked up from the
floor to the seats all around the floor and he was not surprised to see that all
25 of the buffer's were being put to good use.

The collie that was licking Sandy's pussy was now licking up inside of her,
trying to get all the goo that was in there. The one licking her mouth had its
tongue inside Sandy open mouth. You like it Ann asked Sandy, she nodded her head
yes as she held her mouth open for the collie. The collies continued to lick the
white stuff out of my sister.
Sandy turned her head away from the collie and closed her mouth, to give it a
rest, as she had been holding it open for all of five minutes, for the dog.
Ann asked Sandy if the collie had licked deep into her throat yet.
No, it would make me gag, answered sandy." A little it may, but try it." Sandy
looking up at Ann and opened her mouth wide, and let her throat relax. Then
turned her head for the collie to again lick the inside of her mouth. But this
time Sandy was holding her mouth as wide as she could and with her throat open
and relaxed. Leaving herself open to the dog's tongue going down her throat and
gagging her.

It did not take long before Sandy did gag, as the dog was sticking its tongue
into her throat. Even though Sandy was gagging as the dog licked deep into her
throat, she did not turn her head away, and she kept her mouth wide open for the
dog's tongue, as a Wave of per versed   pleasure washed over her and she had an
orgasm. The collie that was licking her pussy lapped it up.  

I could see that Tom's robe looked like the big top had come to town in his lap
and I was not any better, were is a buffer when you need one. As the act in the
pit was winding down, a fat guy five seat down from us farted, a big time frat.
The smell was terrible; the whole section was holding their robes over their
noses.  The owner of the club came over, and asked the guy if he needed to go.
The over weight man said yes.  The club's owner called over a reliever, as she
walked over to him, she was shaking head no, and saying no way, pleases not
that.
The owner said to the reliever" will you pleases take care of this guest."
That was all it took, the whole section was saying no way, not right here, have
a heart man, As the stink hung over the seats.
The owner looking at all the guests that were in an up roar, and said I was
about to asked her to escort this guest to the men's room.
The whole place was relieved to hear that, and as the big guy and the reliever
walked away I could hear her ask," What the hell did you eat anyway" as she
waved her hand in front of her nose. 

Over the speaker we heard Jill say that there will be a short brake, and that
there was coffee and Danish waiting for us, the bar is also open, thank you. 
About ten minutes later, over the sound system we heard would our guests please
take their seats. Thank you, after we were all again seated

Jill came out and told us that they had winner for the four hours with Sandy to
do what they wanted. The winner is a woman her name is Dawn. Dawn is into
extreme torture; she has asked that she be the one that is tortured to organism,
Dawn loves to have her urethra and bladder torture to extreme, so that when it
is fill with a mixture that we call liquid fire
And she is forced to pee, the pain will make her have organism.  Dawn is into
very heavy pain and she love to do kinky things

The things to be used on her are tools with a very sharp curved hook on the end,
much like a dentist pick, of varying sizes A steel tube that is only two and
haft inches long and 1/4 inches around, this tube has many small teeth on it
that lay back as it is pushed into the urethra, the teeth do nothing until it is
pull back then the small sharp teeth open biting into the wall of the urethra, a
in and out motion well make hundreds of small cuts. And some other devices that
are meant for this style of inflicting pain
There are also some big syringes and 4 bags they have a mix of saline and 200%
grain alcohol in them, for her to pee out. This is the liquid fire

All the time Jill was telling us this I could see Dawn and she was about 30 and
had super body and light brown hair. She was about Sandy's size nice tits small
waist great ass.  Dawn wants to role play a little girl that likes having this
Bering done to her and wants Sandy to play her sadist mother that likes to make
her daughter pee the liquid fire.
Dawn got up on what looked like an examining table, with the foot and knee rest
but it was flat and had straps to hold someone in place.
Sandy started to kiss Dawn dose it hurt when you go pee, pee, and the mother
asked.
No, why cooed the girl.
Would you like me to make it hurt when you go pee, pee, make it burn like fire,
sweet heart Sandy running her hand over Dawn's lower abdomen, right were her
bladder is.
Will you make my pee, pee bleed like you did the other time?
Yes I am going to make your pee, pee bleed?
Alright, but mommy you have to make it hurt real bad, ok
Ok. Sweet hart I will make it hurt really bad.

Sandy reached over to the tray and picked up the tool with the hook and showed
it to Dawn, you know what this is Sandy asked.
Huh huh.  You know what I am going do with it Sandy whispered
Hurt me.
Can you put your legs in the rest for me? Dawn put her legs into the rest and
asked like this. Yes just like that, but we have to open them more. Sandy spread
the rests apart more, and then spreading Dawn pussy Lips Sandy found the opening
to Dawn's urethra.
Sandy placed the point of the hook into the mouth of Dawn's urethra with the
point angled up and started to press the point in.
Dawn hissed with pain and cooed, "Oh what are you doing to my pee pee" as more
of the steel hook went into her.
Sandy was pressing it in so that when the entire hook was inside of her, the
point would be just under Dawn's pelvic bone,
Another big hooked tool was buried in her, sandy could tell that it hurt, but
Dawn did like it. Sandy took the hooks out and went and kissed Dawn, and then
stuck three of her fingers into Dawns mouth, rubbing them lightly over her
tongue then pushed all three deep into Dawn's throat making her gag them kissing
her with open mouth as Dawn gagged into her mouth

Jim said to Tom I think Sandy is trying to make that women throw up into her
mouth. Tom said back, I don't know if she is but it sure lit my fire, that
flagpole that he has for a cock was up again.

Sandy got another hook this time longer and showed it to the girl asking her
where is this going to go. Are you going to hurt me some more?  YES-whispered
Sandy, what am I going do to you?  Are you going to hurt my pee pee some more?
Yes I am you want me to hurt your pee pee?  You like hurting my pee pee asked
the girl? Yes I love to hurt your pee pee I want to hurt your pee pee a lot; I
want to make it bleed for me.

I know, whispered Sandy as she open Dawn again and put the sharp point into her
urethra about an inch into the urinary track
Then pressed it in slow, working it at Dawn's right hip, oh my pee pee Dawn
cooed and hissed out her pain as more of the shaft of the hook went into her
body Until it was all the way in, then she pulled it out. A small drop of blood
ran out of Dawn's urethra. Sandy put her mouth over Dawn's pee hole and she
sucked hard, feeling her mouth fill with blood, then she kissed Dawn making her
taste her own blood, is my pee pee bleeding asked Dawn. Just a little Sandy told
her. 
Is that enough bleeding or you want to hurt me more? Do you think I have hurt
your pee, pee enough Sandy asked the girl?
It is hardly bleeding at all, you do want to pee fire don't you?
Yes, go-ahead hurt my pee pee make me bleed. Sandy put a band around Dawn'
breasts and tighten it making the breasts swell outward then went and started
kissing her.
Sandy checked to see if the bands had done their work yet, the vanes in Dawn's
breast were easy to see as they swelled a lot.
And were turning dark red.

Sandy reached over to the tray and got what looked like a small round tube,
Sandy showed it to the little girl and whispering in Dawn's ear do you know what
this is for sweet heart
To hurt my pee, pee the girl cooed back
Yes it is, and I am going to use it to hurt your pee, pee, you relax and try to
hold still Sandy told her as the sadist mother put the end of the thing into the
mouth of the little girls urethra and slowly pushed it in, one inch two and a
haft inches, it was inside the women's bladder about a 1/4 inch
Sandy pulled back on the tube like thing in Dawns urethra, biting the soft walls
of her urinary track raw.
Dawn was hissing and crying out with the pain as sandy tore her up inside her
urinary track as she pushed it in and out. We could see that Dawn fist were
clinched and a look of agony on her face. But Dawn did stay in role, saying oh
god mommy it hurts as she ran her hands over the front of her hips close to were
Sandy was hurting her so bad, as if to stop what Sandy was doing to her, but she
moved her hands back by her sides, fist still clinched as she continued to take
the torture of her urethra as Dawn tore her insides up

Tom said to Jim that Jill was not kidding when she said Dawn was into extreme
torture of her pisser. You got that right, I need a buffer said Jim this is
turning me on. Jim called over a cute Japanese girl, she asked if he wanted
tasty, Jim said sure Why not, I will try it, what is it he asked, but to late.
She got down and started to suck his cock, Dam life is good Jim said.

Sandy took out the tube thing; there was some bleeding but not much. Sandy
picked up off the tray what looked like a flashlight
With a wire on the end.  Sandy showed it to Dawn asking do you know what I am
going to do to you with this.
Yes, you are going to hurt me inside and make me bleed. That's right sweet heart
I am going to make this spin inside you and make you bleed so when I fill your
bladder full it will burn.
Sandy started pushing the wire into the girl's urethra and into her bladder,
feeding all six inches into her bladder.
Sandy looking at Dawn pushed down on the button, this is going to hurt sweet
heart as the wire started to spin inside of Dawn
You lie still and try your best to relax and let it happen.
I will hold still, what is it going to do to me inside mommy, Dawn asked as she
put her hands on her lower tummy saying, it hurts mommy. It is going to spin and
as it dose it is going to make little cuts inside of your bladder. You lay quiet
well mommy
Hurts you inside Sandy said as she turn the thing to full rpm's. OOH MY GOD IT
HURTS groaned Dawn.
Sweet heart take your hands away from your tummy I want our guests to see your
abdomen jumping as the wire spins inside you. Dawn moved her hands by her sides
to let everyone see her belly jumping.
Sandy turn the thing off and took it out slowly, there was a steady drip of
blood trickling out of Dawn's urethra now.
Did it make me bleed mommy asked the girl. Sandy told her yes a little bit, then
Sandy put her mouth over Dawn's clit's and
Urethra and sucked hard.
OOOOHH GGOOODDDD groaned Dawn. What is she doing to you asked Ann, is she
sucking the blood out of you?
GOD YEESS.
Sandy popped her head up and asked Dawn, do you like it?
 GOD YES-answered Dawn in lust filled grown.
Sandy went back to sucking after another mouth full Sandy put the first of the
nozzles of the bags into Dawn's tortured pee hole
And asked that the attendants tied her to the table. Dawn laid still as they
tied her to the table.
Jill over the speakers told us that most people's bladders hold 8 to 12 oz when
full, there is 64 oz in each of those bags.
I am going to fill you now, as she opened the clamp. As the fluid fill Dawn's
bladder she was in a lot of pain, we could see that her whole body was cover
with beads of sweat, and she was screaming in agony  
Sandy kept filling Dawn's bladder Dawn had taken a quart. Sandy was going to
make her take all of it into her body.
56 oz's in, just a little more Ann told her. Dawn's bladder was now four times
its normal size as the last of the liquid went into her
Dawn's eyes were rolling back in her head as she screamed in pain, and this was
just the start, 3 more bags to go
Sandy pulled out the nozzle and let the liquid fire burn her as she peed and
peed and peed. Screaming all the time and Cumming at the same time.

Jim came in the buffer's mouth holding the arms of his seat. Then the girl got
up and kissed Jim on the mouth
Jim thinking this is cool kissed back and to his surprise got a mouth full of
his own cum.
OH SHIT WHAT NOW to his right an old couple to his left was Tom and front was a
bald guy and the buffer.
Ah the old guys beer glass he wont know he' s not looking, Jim spit it into the
guys class, and asked the girl why did you do that. You said tasty, that's
tasty. Jim and Tom got up to go to the bar as the buffer went to another guy
that wanted a blowjob,
As Jim past he told the guy don't order the tasty
At the bar Jim ordered a whiskey, Jim you don't drink whiskey the bar maid said
to him. Tom told the maid, that he is celebrating his first blowjob. Well then
let me buy you one too she said.  
Thanks, it's going to take more then one to get this taste out of my mouth.




REOPENING OF THE PAIN CLUB
PART 5

After the brake Jill told us over the speakers that they had another winner for
another 4 hours with Sandy to do what they wanted.
It is a man this time his name is TJ
TJ has asked that Sandy be given 8 classes of water to drink and some pills that
will make her have to pee.
TJ also asked for a mixture from the Thailand longago tree.
We have Sandy strapped to the X rack; this rack can be moved in 9 different
directions.

Ann asked Sandy do feel like you have to go pee. Yes I do very much so.
Good that is what TJ wants, placing her hand on Sandy lower belly, yes you are
filling up nicely Ann told her.
TJ took a large syringe with a tube on the end and put the end of the tube into
Sandy's urethra and pushed it all the way into her bladder. Then he pulls on the
plunger filling the large syringe with Sandy's urine. Then TJ laid the thing on
to my sister's tummy, and went to her breasts and he placed bands around them
and tightens them, making Sandy breasts balloon out and turn red.
 Then TJ went back between Sandy's legs, picked up the syringe and pushed the
plunger forcing Sandy's urine back into her body forcing her bladder to expand
as it had filled by itself and TJ filled Sandy's bladder with more of her own
urine as she moaned with the pain of what TJ was doing to her.

The guy removed the tube and in its place put a small steel ball with a string
on it, Sandy would not be able to pee at all now.
Her own body will torture her as it fills her bladder, the pain of this well be
hellish. TJ said
Then he took a syringe filled with the Thailand longago and saline juice, a
three-inch needle on it. TJ put the sharp point of the needle in the center of
Sandy's right nipple and pressed in.
The nipple was pushed back into the breast, then it pieced it and shaft of the
needle sank into the center of Sandy's breast.
Sandy hissed in a deep breath in pain as TJ pushed the needle all the way in,
then with it deep in her breast he injected the mix
Into her tit meat
Then TJ sank a needle into the left nipple and injected it with the mix that
would make her breasts feel like they had went to sleep then were waking up, the
same as if your foot goes to sleep. By itself it is not all that painful, but
when the body part the was treated with the mix is touched, its feels like a
hundred thousand stinging bee's, it is very painful, Jill told the guests as TJ
filled Sandy's breasts with the stuff, TJ stuck her breasts all over filling her
with pain and the mix
Then he picked up another syringe with a haft inch needle, and had Ann lick
Sandy's pussy.
Make her clitoris hard he told Ann as she licked, then using her fingers she
pushed back the hood exposing the most sanative part of a women's body
The needle was place against the sensitive bit of flash and pushed into it, TJ
sank the needle in deep. Sandy screamed a little then laid quite, as he injected
the saline and agolong mixture Sandy cried out with pain, her clitoris expanding
as the mix was forced in, from the size of a pea to almost the size of a grape
and throbbed with pain.
30 seconds later Sandy had a pain-induced orgasm that rocketed though her
system. Her breath coming in gasps as my sister climax so hard that I could see
her thighs and hips vibrating.

Ann talked to Sandy calming her after coming so hard. TJ lit a candle and
started to drip hot wax on to Sandy's already pain
Filled tits. TJ dripped hot wax onto her nipples and breasts covering them, the
hot wax making her already tortured breasts burn all the more. Sandy groaned and
hisses sucking in air though clinched teeth with pain as the wax landed on her.
TJ slowly moved up her chest dropping hot wax as he went, moving onto my
sister's lovely neck burning her as he went.
TJ nodded to Ann, waiting as Ann cooed to Sandy open you mouth and curl your
tongue up the roof of your mouth tracing her finger over Sandy's lips.
My god not there Sandy told Ann. Yes honey there to, its not that bad it only
hurts for second or two.
Sandy slowly opened her mouth wide and placed her tongue on the roof of her
mouth, as a perverse trill ran thought her at the though of holding her mouth
open for some man that she did not know, to burn the under side of her tongue
and the bottom of her mouth.
Ann went to stand at Sandy's head and told her to keep her mouth open and close
your eyes.
God not my eyes.
Yes honey, he is going to do your whole face, now close your eyes, that's good,
no honey close your eyes but keep them relaxed.
That's the way just like you are sleeping. TJ started to drip hot wax onto her
cheeks, then on her chin and into Sandy's mouth.
Tom watched Sandy arms and legs do a little jump each time the wax landed on
her, burning her tongue and face.
He moved the candle so that wax drip into Sandy's nose openings then on her eye
lids sealing them closed, and up onto her forehead.
Ann reached in and took out the ball of wax that was in Sandy's mouth. Saying I
know honey.
Ann gently turned Sandy's head to the left and brushed her hair out of the way.
God no, not there too, please no, wined sandy.
I know sweet heart it almost over just relax and let him finish.
TJ started dripping hot wax into Sandy's ear filling it until it over flowed
then Ann turn Sandy' head to the other side and that ear was filled with hot
wax.

Over the speaker Jill said there will be a short brake well we clean Sandy up,
coffee is ready if you like some.
As Ann cleaned the wax off sandy and out of her ear's, she asked, did you like
what TJ did to you?
On my breasts I did but not the rest, that was awful, can I go pee Sandy asked?
No, not yet, we are not finished with you yet, TJ wants you to be very full. Ann
placed her hand on Sandy's lower abdomen
And pressed, you are getting there, as she tested the firmness.
How do you feel Ann asked?
My breasts and clitoris are all pins needles it hurts some and I got to pee. My
tits feel like they are going to bust they hurt so much from the bands that he
put on me, he pulled them so tight
They are dark red Ann told her. Do you like the way they feel?
YES, NO, GOD I don't know it hurts a lot but I am horny
Did you like the way he made you cum?
GOD YES that was fantastic Sandy moaned	

Its time to start again Ann told her as TJ walked between her wide spread legs,
and put a very large three-way speculum
Into her pussy and started turning the little screw that opens it.
The bill pressed down on the bottom of her virgina as the two arms pushed up and
outward, stretching her hole open in a triangle, stretching Sandy's pussy open
farther, leaving the side walls and the top wall of her now wide open hole
exposed
And easy to get at.
TJ took up a syringe with a long needle and moved the needle into Sandy's wide
open pussy going way up in her then placing the point against the wall of my
sisters gaping hole and pushed the point in, pushing more of the shaft into her,
then he injected the mix into Sandy's pussy. Another and another followed this
until my sister had taken 25 injection in her pussy,
5 of witch were into the mouth of her cervix.
Sandy cried out with pain as the needles were stuck into her. Sucking in deep
breath and hissing with pain as needle after needle went into her pussy.

Her pussy has got to feel like the whole inside is being stuck with a thousand
pins and needle Tom told me.

TJ asked Sandy if she would like some of the pressure relived from her bladder
Yes please I really have to go.
It's going to be hard for you to do, still want it asked Ann.
YESSSSSSSSS cried Sandy. TJ took out the small steel ball, and then took a tube
a put it into Sandy's urethra and pushed it up into her bladder. He held the end
of the tube by Sandy's mouth, and then nodded to Ann.
Sandy if you want to relieve the pain that you are feeling in you bladder, he
wants you to open your mouth, and we will put it in and you have to suck on the
tube.
Sandy looking at TJ with a really pissed look, asked him you want me to suck
piss out of my own bladder, you basted
Slut you want the pain in your bladder to be eased, if only for a short while as
your body well fill your bladder right bad up with the same urine that you
drink, and as for you calling me a basted you get this. TJ looked up and called
over two attendants, yes sir.
They asked.
Both of you put your hands onto her abdomen right on her swollen bladder and
push very hard makes her scream.
Wait let me put a clamp on the tube, TJ told them.
Do it both attendants started pushing in on Sandy's lower abdomen
.AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
PLEASE NO, OH MY GOD YOUR KILLING, PLEASE STOP
Push your hands in until you touch her fucking spine TJ told them.
Both of the women torturing my sister pushed in harder
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
GOD NO,  NO MORE PLEASE, I WILL DO IT SSSTTOOPP PPPPPLLLLLLLLLEASE
TJ told them to wait; I think it is hurting her.
Walking up to Sandy, he asked, well you want more?
No please, no more, it hurts so much.
Dose your bladder hurt right now?
Yes Sandy moaned.
What do you want to do about it, you want some relief TJ asked, as he looked my
sister in the eyes.
Yes
Yes what? Tell me what you want to do, slut
I want you to put the tube into my mouth.
Why slut, what are you going to do?
Drink my own urine Sandy whispered.
Ask me nice slut, asked like the slut you are as he held the tube
Please master I want to drink my own urine out of my cunt for your pleasure as
everyone watches me degrade my self for you.
I want you to suck and swallow until every drop that is in your bladder ends up
in your stomach, when you are done I will give you a reward. TJ told her.
Yes master.
TJ had done what no man had been able to do; he had turned my sister into a
total and complete sex slave.
We all watched as urine moved though the tube and into Sandy's mouth.
Tom and I watched as Sandy drank her own piss out of her body.
And when she was done sandy said, master I have finished.
TJ then put the steel ball into Sandy's urethra, stopping all hope of being able
to pee.
	
 Then TJ took another needle and gave Sandy another injection into her clitoris.
It took about 5 seconds for Sandy to have another pain-induced orgasm, and this
one was stronger then the other one
Her thighs and hips were vibrating and her abdomen having sever contrition her
chest having as she scream out in pleasure pain
The still open speculum inside her making it hurt even more, as her pussy
muscles tried to tighten but could not, the speculum held her open, this painful
climax lasted all of three minuets, her whole body was coved in her sweat, as
her fist were so tight the knuckles were white.
In back of tom and I, I heard a women saying he is doing a job on her, my god, I
love to cum like that.
Ann was trying to calm Sandy down, as her eyes were rolling back in head, come
on Sandy stay with us, we cant have fun with you if you pass out.


They gave my sister more of the stimulant to keep her from passing out, and
retied her face down on the X rack.
Play time TJ told her as he worked the large three-way speculum in her rectum
with the arms facing her sex, and opened it wide.
TJ picked up a syringe that had a long needle on it and walked to where Sandy
could see it, I am going to stick this and many more way up inside of your
rectum, and all the way up into your colon, yes slut I am going to fill your
rectum with the nice mixture, That is hurting you insides right now.

Tell me what you want me to do slut.
Put the needle inside of my ass hole and hurt me, stick as many as you like into
me master fill me with pain, take your pleasure with me as you make me scream.
We all watched as TJ put the point of the long needle way up inside of Sandy's
rectum, and sank the point into her flash.
My sister screamed in agony as one needle after another was used inside of her
ass hole.


When TJ had finished he removed the speculum and had Sandy tied standing up with
her legs spread and her hands out to the sides.
TJ asked Sandy if she know what was going to happen now.
No master she whispered.
Do you know what the mixture I put into you dose TJ asked her
No master
Let me show you TJ said as he got down on his knees in front of her, he lick one
time over Sandy's clitoris, and Sandy screamed in agony.
You see he told her, now I am going to go have some breakfast, well all of the
other guest make love to you, holding her head up by her hair as he gave her a
open mouth kiss.
Thank you master.

TJ headed for the dinning room as a long line formed in front of Sandy and
another behind her.
We could hear Ann telling Sandy this is going to hurt, oh TJ left the tube with
me if you want to relieve some of the pain in your bladder before we get
started.




Part 6

From the bar we could hear Sandy screaming as the guests continued to gang rape
her. I asked Tom if he was ready to eat breakfast, as it was getting to be
around 7 Saturday morning.

Sounds good to me he said as he downed the last of his drink.

In the dining room we ran into TJ, Tom asked him how long the longago mixture
would last.

About 90 minutes he told us then it would just be a bad memory.

Over the speakers we heard Jill tell the guests that when they had finished with
Sandy to come in and have something to eat.

Soon we will be feeding Sandy a little something and letting her sleep for a few
hours, if you would like to get some sleep there is a pull out bed in each of
your dressing rooms, we will be running videos of other contracted entertainment
we had in the past for those of you that wish to stay in the bar or dining room.
Thank you.

Both Tom and I went to catch some sleep. About two hours later we met in the
dining room, about half of the guests were in there. On the big screen TV a
video was playing, I asked the waiters if it was one of the other contracted
entertainments.

No it is an amateur home video that one of the regular guests made, she
answered.

Tom and I both ordered coffee and something to eat. Jill came over and asked if
she could join us.

You sure can I told, as I pulled out a chair for her.

What a gentlemen she said.

Tom told her yes I taught him everything he knows.

Is that why he ordered a tasty? Jill asked Tom.

No I did not teach him that, he did that all on his own.

Jill was watching the TV and her eyes widened as the man's pants slid to the
floor and she saw the length and width of his erect penis. She swallowed and let
out a sigh of delight. She had seen many cocks, she reminded us but this one was
truly spectacular.

It stood out proudly erect from the man's thick pubic hair, pointing like a gun
at its target, the foot long organ-swaying slightly as the man moved forward.

I watched as Jill's eyes slid up and down his body, over his thick muscular bare
chest, and up to his wide powerful shoulders, and down the length of his thick
muscle packed arms and onto his flat ridged belly.

Wow what a body he has, that's his daughter you know, Jill told us.

A teenager with huge breasts standing out firm and round, pink nipples erect,
hung from the ceiling, her wrists held by thick chains that held them high above
her head. Her feet were also chained, pulled far apart, to bare her blonde
cuntmound.

Her name is Cindy, I met her just before they made this video, I still do not
know if she did it because she wanted to or he made her do it, I think she was a
virgin when they made this.

The girl, Cindy, groaned as the man came toward her. Her eyes were wide and
frightened as her father grinned nastily at her.

He licked his lips, as he eyed her womanly form. He stood before her, his cock
almost touching her belly as she twisted helplessly in her chains.

His hand shot out and grabbed her hair, and she cried out in pain as her head
was jerked far back. Her breasts pushed out farther and the man's eyes lit up as
he saw this. His other hand touched Cindy's left breast, then squeezed it
tightly, bringing a moan, half pleasure, and half pain from Cindy.

Then his mouth came down on her neck, lips closing tightly, teeth nibbling, then
with more force, harder still to draw blood as Cindy gurgled in pain and fear.

As his head came away we all could see the ring where his teeth had bitten her.
Little droplets of blood slowly trickled down Cindy's neck.

I saw Jill touch her own neck, a look of lust on her lovely face, as she watched
the man circle Cindy slowly, eyeing his daughter's young body. He stood behind
her for a moment, his hand sliding over Cindy's round ass cheeks. He stiffened a
finger, then pushed it hard up into her rectum.

Cindy gasped with the sudden pain, her legs and arms pulled hopelessly against
her chains as she tried to escape the finger.

Now her small form writhed in her bonds, her breasts bobbing, her skin covered
in perspiration. The man's finger pulled loose from her anus, and he stood back.
He picked up a long black bullwhip from a table, it was coiled loosely.

He's going to whip his own daughter! I muttered.

Why not you whipped your own sister, Tom told me.

He stood back, dropping the length of the evil looking whip on the floor. Then
an evil grin appeared on his face. He looked at his daughter's lovely body
spread out before him, them the whip came up.

Cindy braced for the pain that she know was coming, her eyes closed tight, teeth
clenched. The whip flew through the air.

The horrible crack as it struck Cindy's flesh mingled with the girl's tortured
scream. Lost in the noise was the low groan of Satisfaction coming from Jill's
lips, as she ran her hand lightly over her own blouse covered breasts, her
tongue wetting her lips.

We saw the long red welt appear across Cindy's shoulders. The whip slashed down
again, directly across Cindy's buttocks, sending her loins shooting forward as
she cried and sobbed in pain.

By the time her father finished, she was hanging limply in her bonds, barely
conscious. He smiled dropping the whip and moving around to the front.

He watched his daughter, and then pushed two fingers under her chin, lifting her
head up. Her eyes were two tiny slits, her eyes looking out at her father,
filled with pain. He dropped her head, allowing it to fall forward again.

Cindy's father moved to the table and picked up a short cane, and slapped it
into his palm a few times. He went back to the hanging girl.

He lifted the cane, then brought it down. It made a whistling arc through the
air before smacking into the middle of Cindy's left breast.

The teenager's head jerked up and back and a horrified scream was forced out of
her. Her breast was practically cut in two by the wooden cane, which sank
straight through her thick tit meat to her rib cage before stopping and bouncing
back.

A vicious red line appeared on the sobbing girl's breast, just under her nipple.
The cane soared through the air again, cracking against the girl's right breast,
this time directly over her erect nipple.

Cindy was almost going crazy with the pain, her body thrashed, and screeching,
begging him to stop. But the cane whistled repeatedly, cracking and slashing
against her ripe round breasts, turning then into tortured bags of fiery pain.

Then he dropped the cane and moved behind her, Jill watched his bobbing cock as
it pushed against Cindy's striped ass and slid between her wounded ass cheeks.

The round knob of its head pushed against Cindy's little anus bringing a gasp of
disbelief from the tortured teen.

Jill watched as the round head of his cock pushed against Cindy's rectum. Jill
moaned as she saw the round opening slide open, and the round girth of the cock
head push into Cindy

I noted that Jill's hands were under the table, and that she had pulled her
chair in under the table, the white tablecloth hiding her hands.

Jill are you fingering yourself? I asked her.

She nodded yes, and asked if she could put her leg in my lap.

Sure I said, as I got a good hold on her leg.

Tom is it OK? Jill asked.

Shit yes he whispered, as he got a hold of her other leg.

I slid my hand up the inside of her leg feeling her silky stocking, my hand
touched the top of the stocking, and then bare skin and still I had not touched
the hem of her skirt, I could only guess were it was.

We started to watch the TV again as the round knob pushed hard; Cindy's body was
pushed forward at the hips by the tremendous pressure on her ass hole. Her
father didn't care though, and continued to exert fierce pressure on the little
opening. His cock moved up into her with slow measured increments as she wailed
in pain and humiliation.

Jill watched the incredibly long cock disappear into the teenager's rectum, and
whispered, to herself more than us, I wonder if I could take such a long fat
cock in my asshole.

Jill groaned, as she got closer to an orgasm.

Cindy's eyes were bulging in shock as the last two inches of her father's long
cock pushed into her anus, all 12 inches were inside her rectum, the man's hands
coming around to her tortured titties to squeeze, as he rested.

Jill you want to try to take a 12-inch cock in your rectum? I asked.

Yes a real one not some dildo, and where are you going to find that?

Tom you up?

Yes!

She have her shoe on? I asked him.

Yes.

Take it off!

OK!

Rub her foot on your cock.

Jill's eyes went wide as she felt the size of Tom's dick.

On the screen the man started to pump his cock in his daughter. He slid the long
shaft back out of her hole, slowly inch by inch, more and more of it appeared
until just the tip was inside Cindy's asshole.

Jill's breathing was coming in ragged gasps, then Jill grunted as if of pain as
the cock rammed forward, slamming into the screaming girl's asshole with
tremendous force. Slowly it withdrew again.

Jill's eyes locked on to the screen as Cindy's father slammed his long cock into
her rectum again and again like a trip hammer.

Jill started to cum, as Cindy was screaming as her father pounded his hips into
Cindy's whipped ass, his cock ripping in and out without mercy, as his hands
were tearing at her tortured breasts, twisting and pulling them into awful
shapes.

Just as Jill was in a full-blown orgasm the club's owner walked into the room,
he had caught her making herself cum, and that was against the rules, only an
guest could do that.

Jill you know the rules, I am going to have to let you go, I am sorry.

Please sir I will do anything to keep this job, I like it here please Jill
begged.

Well here is my deal, Sandy is not going to be ready for a few more hours, all
the drugs have her a bit out of it, oh she fine Jim, she just needs more time to
wake up. Jill you broke the rules and to keep your job you will have to
willingly submit to being punished. Do you still want your job, or would you
like to be escorted to the door?

Jill know what that meant, no job.

I want my job; you can punish me, Jill answered

Rick had one of the attendants go to his office and get Jill's file.

He then sat and read it to himself for a few minutes, then he started to speak
to Jill, it says here that you desire love bites but are afraid to have them
done on your body. Is that true? the owner asked.

Yes answered Jill.

What is a love bite? he asked one of the attendants.

It is like a hickey but the one doing the love bite will bite down hard and suck
hard until they break the skin, then they will keep sucking making the hickey
very deep and dark, it takes a long time for a love bite to go away.

The owner asked if it hurts when it is being done.

Yes they are painful, some more than others, depending on what part of the body
they are being done on.

You said that the skin is broken, but that the one doing it still keeps sucking?

Yes, that is correct.

Do they not get a mouth full of blood?

No, not really, they will get some but not as much as you are thinking.

I see, where do you put them on say a woman's body?

Just about anywhere sir, she told him.

Thank you, you have been most helpful. Jill, it says here that you are afraid of
the rod and that you that think it is disgusting for someone to piss onto or
into another person, is that right?

Yes sir.

OK I am going to give you ten seconds to change your mind, and walk out of here.

Jill stood in place as the time passed, I want my job.

The club's owner started to give orders, OK them will you, and you move four
tables into a row thank you, no you can leave the tablecloths on them.

With that done the owner asked Jim to sit in a chair that he had placed out the
open, so all could see, as all of the guests that were in the dining room made a
large circle around them.

Soon a ring of white robed guests was around us, Jill as a floor walker wore
street clothes, she had the only job at the club that she did not have to take
off her clothes.

Jill went to stand by Jim.

Listen to me real good as I well only tell you this one time.

You will be allowed three screams and only three, if you scream a fourth time
you will be fired, you are to do everything you are told, if you ask them to
stop you will be fired, you may ask for a rest from whatever they are doing to
you, they will start again whether you are ready or not, you may ask for a rest
only three times, any more you will not get it, from now on until the end of
your punishment you are to call whoever is doing something to you mistress if it
is a woman and master if it is a man. Do you understand Jill?

Yes sir, yes master, sorry I am scared.

Would you like a sweet talker to help you?

Nodding her head yes and starting to tremble, yes master.

Kathy, is Kathy here the owner asked.

I will go get her, an attendant told him.

In a short time Kathy was there trying to calm Jill down, Jill was beginning to
hyperventilate she was so frightened. After Jill got herself together the owner
told her to place her hands onto the sides of her hips, just under the waist
band of her skirt, and to use her fingers to bunch it up, keep lifting your
skirt until I tell you to stop.

Yes master, her voice trembled.

I watched as more, and more of her super legs came into view, her face red with
embarrassment. The tops of her coffee colored stockings came into view, she
tried not to look at anyone.

I could see that her hands were shaking, as her bare thighs came into view.

God master how much higher? Jill cried, as tears rolled down her cheeks.

Keep going; lift your skirt higher, we cannot even see your panties yet.

I could now see the black garters, which came down from her garter belt, as her
skirt inched higher. Soon Jill was holding her skirt up well above the waistband
of her panties, we all could see that she had on a black garter belt and
matching panties, Jill had a super body, nice ass.

Tears rolling down her lovely cheeks, as the owner told her lie across Jim's
lap, as she did her skirt dropped a little, after I had her over my lap, I
pulled it way up onto her lower back. The owner had an attendant hold on to
Jill's hands and another to her feet.

I was handed a wooden spoon, it was all of 18 inches, and it would make a good
paddle.

Jill do you know what I am going to have Jim do to you, the club's owner asked.

Bawling like a baby, Jill nodded her head.

ANSWER ME, the owner yelled.

He's going to spank me! Jill's sobbing voice cried.

Tell me Jill did you move your panties out of the way when you broke the rules
and made yourself have an orgasm?

Oh God whispered Jill as she knew what was coming, and nodded her head yes.

I cannot hear you Jill, Rick told her.

Yes master, I moved... my... under... wear... out of... the way, Jill was crying
so much that she was having trouble talking; the embarrassment of what she was
being made to do was overwhelming her.

The owner of the club put a large kitchen knife flat onto Jill's left buttock.

Oh God please don't cut me Jill whined, as the knife was slid under her panties
until the sharp point could be seen sticking out of the waistband of the flimsy
cloth covering Jill's ass.

You know what I am going to do Jill the owner asked, as he reached down and got
a hand full of her reddish brown hair, and pulled her head back as far as it
could go.

Sobbing uncontrollably Jill answered, yes sir I mean yes master oh God please I
am so scared, where is Kathy?

Kathy, slide under her so she can see you as I cut her pants off her so we all
can see her sweet ass.

Kathy did as she was told, as the panties were cut open, in a flash we all could
see Jill's left ass cheek.

Jill was crying openly as the right side was cut open and her underwear that had
been covering her was gone.

The club's owner pulled back even harder on Jill's hair making her cry out with
the pain, taunting Jill is that the ass you did not want everyone to see, it is
such a nice ass.

Yes sir, sorry, yes master.

Rick lifted the large kitchen knife, turning it flat, and hit Jill's left ass
cheek with a loud crack, Jill had to fight back a scream as a red mark appeared
in the shape of the blade.

Go ahead Jim spank her hard as you can, until you can no longer lift your arm,
don't worry if you get blood on your robe we will get you another, as Rick
showed me that there were small spikes on the bottom of the wooden spoon.

Hearing that they we were going to make her bleed Jill started to beg Jim, not
too hard please Jim.

Jim told her to relax her ass cheeks that it would not hurt as much; Kathy wiped
away some tears as the spoon hit her.

Crack.

Ouch, oh God it hurts.

Crack

Crack

Again and again the spoon with the sharp spikes landed on her now bleeding ass,
Jill fighting back the need to scream, as her garters became soaked with blood.

REST, OH GOD, REST. Jill begged.

The beating stopped, the only sound in the room was Jill's sobbing.

How much more master? Jill sobbed.

When the blood runs down your legs and turns your stockings red I will stop.

OH GOD cried Jill, as Kathy wiped her tears away.

There is a way to get this over with faster Jill, Jim told her.

What master she sobbed.

If I beat the back of your thighs, then your stocking well be soaked with your
blood sooner, but it is up to you. Well what's going to be?

I don't know Jill cried it hurts so much.

Jim reached down and got her hair and jerked her head back hard, you forgot to
say master he barked.

OH GOD yoooooooou are hurting me.

Say it.

Master.

Tell me.

I'll be good master, I will not forget again.

Now how do you want me to finish your spanking?

On my thighs master.

Good choice, would you ladies move her so her thighs are more in my lap, that's
good thank you, Jim told them.

Jill?

What master?

I want you to tell me what you want me to do to your thighs.

Jill was sobbing, as Kathy told her you got to answer him.

Master...I want you... to beat me on my... thighs.

And do what to you?

Make...oh God... Make me bleed... beat me bloody, make my stockings wet with...

Wet with what Jim asked.

Wet with my blood, master.

CRACK

OH God it hurts more than it did on my ass she howled.

CRACK

CRACK

Jill was openly crying as the spikes cut into her thighs. She pulled one of her
legs out of the grip of the attendant.

Put your leg back into her hand Jill, I am not done yet.

Jill put her leg down slowly, and was rewarded with a CRACK of the wooden spoon
on soft back of her knee.

She had to swallow her scream, as she got her breath back she cried out REST,
REST!

Jim stopped the beating looking at her thighs, they were bleeding but there was
still room for more.

When the spanking started again, Jim hit as hard as he could, making her thighs
drip with her blood.

When Jill was allowed to stand up, the front of Jim's white robe was red with
Jill's blood, she was made to stand, and we all could see that the beating had
also made her cum. This often happens when a female is beaten to this extreme,
we could see her juices leaking down the insides of her thighs, as she was made
to stand so all could see, tears rolling down her cheeks as she shivered with
embarrassment.

Jill was placed on the tables, on her back; I knew that the white tablecloths
would be stained with blood from her ass and thighs from the beating I gave her.

The rest of her clothes were cut off of her body as she sobbed, she would try to
cover herself and her hand would be pulled away, telling that if she did not
keep her hands by her sides, the spikes would be used on the front of her thighs
and hips.

She lied still on the table as the rest of her clothes were cut off, soon Jill
was nude, she was made to lie still so everyone could see her nakedness.

I was surprised to see that Jill shaved her pussy hair, there was just a hint of
it left, and for the most part she was bald.

The owner of the club also seen Jill's almost bald mound, and began to yell at
Jill
Saying, Jill you did not have hair on your pussy mound at the interview.
Why when you know the rules that no employee at this club is to have pubic
Hair at anytime do you right now?

I did not think I would have to take off my clothes sir.

You are going to be punished for that as well.

The club's owner started to give orders to two attendants telling them to shave
her here and now, I want her to feel completely  nude.

As Jill's clothes were being taken from her I saw the club's owner talking to
Dawn and Kathy.

As the attendants did as they had been told.

Dawn removed her robe and got up onto the table so that her knees were on either
side of Jill's head and her pussy was right over Jill's mouth.

Kathy also got naked and got up on the table, she was on her stomach with her
head up by Jill's, Kathy's feet were pointing to one end of the tables and
Jill's to the other of the four tables. Kathy in the position she was in could
see Dawn's pussy mound, it looked so smooth, Kathy reached out to run a finger
over Dawn's mound, it's like silk Kathy whispered.

How do you get it like that? Kathy asked.

Electrolysis, I go every three months Dawn told her.

Does it hurt? Kathy asked.

No not at all to remove the hair, but my electrolyses is deliciously wicked.

Why do you say that?

She can turn her machine way up so it will put out a lot of voltage; she has
this metal thing that will fit over the thing that she uses to remove hair.

Well then what, I may want to have it done, you are so smooth.

She does not tell me that she is going to do it, so I am not ready for it, she
will push the long round metal thing way up into my bladder with it off, when
she does that I know I am in for it.

What, for Chrissakes you are making me hot just telling it Kathy whispered to
her.

She tells me that if I can take it without screaming, I will not have to pay
her, then she puts a stick into my mouth to hold my mouth open so I don't bit my
tongue, then she starts licking my nipples as she turns it on, there is so much
voltage that my hips lift way up off the table, she will most of the time leave
it on until I pass out from Cumming and the pain.

Have you ever done it without screaming? Kathy wanted to know.

Yes I have, but only one time.

Jill's hands were put around Dawn's thighs and a set of handcuffs with a longer
than normal chain were put on her, Jill could not take her hands any farther
back than the sides of Dawn's hips.

Jill you remember what Sandy did to Dawn?

Yes.

Dawn is going to go pee with your help, but you have to keep your mouth wide
open, OK, you look so pretty all laid out with the other girls holding your legs
apart.

Why are they holding them so wide, it hurts mistress?

All of the Buffers are going to eat you out, making you have orgasms...

Oh God!

Jill had seen this done to one of the women that had been in here about six
months ago, before it was over the poor woman was begging them not to make her
cum anymore.

Jill I want you to place you hands right here, Kathy take Jill's hands and put
them over Dawn's lower abdomen, that is the way sweet heart now open your mouth
wide and keep it open if you close it they will beat you again.

Jill opened wide as she felt someone start to eat her pussy, come on Jill push
on her tummy, see if you can make her scream.

If I do push on her bladder is it going to make her pee mistress.

Yes it will.

Sobbing softly knowing that she was going to be made to drink this women's
urine, she opened her mouth as wide as she could and pushed on Dawn's bladder.

Dawn kept sucking in a deep breath in pain as the lovely woman under was forcing
her to pee, hurting her already tortured bladder.

Push harder Jill, Kathy encouraged.

Jill sank all of her fingers deep into Dawn's lower abdomen, forcing a tortured
scream from Dawn's lips as she started to pee into Jill's open mouth, Jill
swallowing with her mouth open, gulping, gagging gargling on Dawn's piss but she
did not stop pushing, it looked like if anything, Jill was pushing in still
harder, then Jill's guts locked in a painful yet pleasurable ball, and she had
the first of what would be many more orgasm.

When Dawn was done peeing into Jill mouth, they moved so that Dawn was laying on
the top half of Jill's body breasts to breasts, as her legs were still being
held open wide, as the forced orgasms continued.

Dawn kissed Jill in a deep open mouth kiss that only a woman could understand
the tenderness of; in such a place that pain was the norm.

Jill know that soon she was to be the victim of her vampire fantasy, just
thinking about it she passed down still more of her pussy juices into the mouth
that was eating her. But she was scared, how much blood would Dawn take, would
it hurt a lot.

Are you afraid? Dawn asked her.

Yes I am scared.

You did not say mistress that time, but I do not like it anyway.

Another deep kiss, Jill found that she was starting to like what she was being
made to do.

OOOHH I am going to cum again, God I never though it would hurt so much to have
an orgasm Jill screamed out, using up one of her three screams, and begging for
her last rest.

Kathy comforting her after that last gut ripping orgasm, how many times have I
cum? panted Jill.

That one was number six Kathy answered, as she patted Jill's hair out of her
eyes.

Oh God they are eating me again sobbed Jill.

I know sweet heart I know, can you turn your head for me.

Oh God what are you going to do me, Jill breathing fast with her fear of what
she knew was going to done to her, she wanted it, but was terrified of having
someone's teeth biting into her flesh, drawing blood, sucking on her, sucking
the very thing that she needed to stay alive out of her.

I will stay right here with you, come on Jill turn your head to the side.

I think it was more Kathy turning Jill's head to the side than Jill doing it on
her own, she would pet Jill's hair and move Jill's head slowly more to the
right.

Jill relax, don't move, relax, nice slow breaths, that's the way.

Jill felt Dawn's wide open mouth press down onto the side of her soft neck, the
teeth started to close onto her soft flesh, Dawn was biting down sucking. Biting
harder, it was starting to hurt, tears welled up in her eyes as the pain
mounted.

Oh God Jill sobbed, it hurts.

Kathy bent over and kissed Jill on the side of her face, whispering to her:

Relax.

OH NO I am going to cum again, her guts locked and then exploded in another
orgasm that sent her abdomen into painful contraction. Jill crying as the pain
of cumming so many times was taking it toll on her body and nervous system.

Jill cried out with pain as Dawn's teeth broke the skin on the side of her neck,
as Dawn sucked hard driving the pain of this love bite deeper into Jill's lovely
neck. Jill could hear Dawn swallowing as she sucked on her neck, as Kathy again
kissed her face.

Kathy! Jill called out her name.

What sweet heart bending down to hear Jill, and she too heard Dawn swallowing as
she sucked.

I am here sweet heart Kathy said.

I think she is drinking my blood.

Dawn pulled away and told everyone that she was sucking blood out of her.

Can you turn your head again Jill, Dawn asked.

Are you going to do it again Jill asked?

Yes you relax I will do all the work.

I will turn my head and hold still while you bite me if you do something for me.

What would you like?

Have them let go of my hands so I can hold you and...

And what Dawn asked?

Bite me on the softest part of my neck but do... it...  very hard make me
bleed... suck real hard.

Let her hands go.

They did.

Turn for me Jill.

She did and Dawn's teeth came down onto the bottom of Jill's neck, just above
the collarbone and she bit down harder than the last time.

Jill's hands slid up to the back of Dawn's head and pressed her mouth still
harder into her neck, bite harder make me scream I like it.

Jill did scream as Dawn's teeth sank into her throat, OH GOD suck hard more you
are making me cum, harder do it hard.

Before it was over and Jill still had her job Dawn had put love bites on her
neck, breasts, belly, her pussy mound, on the insides of her thighs, Jill even
turned over onto her belly and held still as both Dawn and Kathy sank their
teeth into her tortured ass cheeks, and the backs of her thighs, making both
bleed again.

The things I do for work Jill whispered to Jim as she passed on her way to clean
herself up, there was still a show to put on.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Rick


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





