BDSM Library - Rosa's choice




Rosa's choice
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A maid tries to steal some money and is made to pay as a sex slave for a night.
Rosa's choice


Although I work often from home I usually try to stay out of the way when Rosa's
there cleaning the cottage. Not a hardship as she only comes one morning a week.
It took me ages before I got out of the habit of tidying up before she came. Can
you believe that , tidying up before the cleaner arrives !!!!! Anyway, I don't
do that any more, she's got used to my bachelor habits by now. The only thing I
check each week is that I'v elocked away a few things I don't want her to see !
They always say you can't have any secrets from a cleaner but I hoped I still
had a few! Locked away in a wardrobe in the spare bedroom were an assortment of
cuffs, ropes, gags, you name it, stuff I'd collected over the years to indulge
in one of my favourite bachelor pastimes ; BDSM !

Anyway, unusually, I had to go back home from the office last week to get my
wallet which I remembered I'd left in the bedroom somewhere in an old jacket. I
let myself in and immediately heard the stereo louder than it needed to be. The
unmistakable voice of Mick Jagger singing "Brown Sugar" Great song, too loud ! I
didn't have a problem with her playing music while she worked but this was too
much. I walked through to the lounge, then the kitchen but there was no sign of
Rosa. I headed upstairs. I guess the volume of the stereo downstairs drowned out
the noise of my climbing the stairs. The bedroom door was open and I could see
Rosa clearly, hand in the inside pocket of my old jacket I'd hung on a chair by
the bed. She pulled out my wallet and I watched her flick it open, remove
several ?20 notes (I had a habit of carrying way too much cash) and put the
wallet back in place. She tucked the money into the breast pocket on her blouse
and smiling, turned to leave the bedroom.

Her smile froze as she saw me there. She smiled again, not knowing if I'd seen
what she'd done, but when she saw the look on my face she knew !!

Jesus Rosa, what the hell are you doing ?
What do you mean Mr. Thomas ?, I was just tidying up in here.
I saw you take the money Rosa, I've suspected spare cash I'd left around was
disappearing before but I was never sure. Now I know what's been going on. I'm
going to call the police and you can explain this to them. I won't expect to see
you next week.
"Please Mr. Thomas don't, I need the money you pay me, you know I have a 2 year
old I'm bringing up myself. I can't afford not to work, please !!!!!!
Sorry, Rosa, no choice, you blew it this time .....
Unless .......
"Unless what " she asked.
"Well I'll give you a choice, either I call the police now or you have to agree
to be my sex slave for the night"
"What ! that's disgusting, go ahead, call the police"
I picked up the phone and genuinely was dialling the local police station when
she said
"Wait, what do you mean sex slave"
"What I mean is you give yourself to me for the night, I can do anything I wish
to you for my sexual pleasure"
"And what would you actually do?"
"Well for a start you should expect to be kept tied and probably gagged for most
of the time while I explore your body. It goes without saying I would expect to
have sex with you in a variety of positions"
In retrospect I guess I was only really trying to scare her, but she genuinely
seemed to be reluctantly considering my deal.
"OK I'll do it as long as you promise not to call the police and to keep me as
your cleaner"
"You're in no position to bargain", I said, it's my deal or nothing, take your
pick.
She was weighing up the options, she most definitely did not want to give
herself to me, but she didn't want to lose her earnings, or worse if the police
got involved.

OK, you are a pig !!!
"Now, now, this is entirely of your own doing Rosa, here's what you'll do. I
understand you'll need to arrange for someone to look after your child and so
on, so I'll let you leave now, but if you don't return here by 5 p.m this
evening, I'll call the police, understand ?"
"Yes I understand"
"I want you to bring certain items of clothing with you too"
With that I set about drawing up a list of my favourite items. She looked at the
list and half in exasperation and half in anger turned to curse me again but
thought better of it and left without saying a word.

During the afternoon I realised I'd let her go and would never be able to call
the police later. There was no way she would be coming back at five. What an
asshole, I should have kept something of hers, or got her to sign something,
anything. But no, smart ass here had let her walk clean away !!

No-one was shocked than I was when at 5 that evening the doorbell rang and I
opend the door to find Rosa there carrying a small weekend travel bag.

Looking at me disgustedly she entered the cottage.
I was actually speechless and hadn't really expected to be in this position.
Regaining my composure I gave her instructions on what to put on and showed her
to my bedroom. I gave her only 15 min to ready herself.
I went back downstairs and poured a stiff scotch, collected some of my BDSM gear
from  the spare bedroom and waited, feeling my cock already starting to stiffen.
Bang on 15 min later she appeared at the lounge door. She was, as instructed,
wearing black stockings, panties, suspenders, 4 inch stillettos and a black lacy
bra. She'd also found a pair of long black gloves, which I had asked for but
hadn't really expected .She had as ordered put on heavy make-up and looked
pretty stunning .

"Come over here"
I ordered her to put her arms behind her back and she glared at me
"Come on, no going back, I'm happy if you'd rather I called the police"
A complete bluff of course as I'd already decided that wasn't on at this late
stage.
Still angry, but compliant she crossed her wrists behind her.
"Not like that, with the palms together"
She tried to push her palms together as instructed, I wrapped coils of  white
nylon rope around her wrists and tightly secured them palm to palm. I then
wrapped rope around her elbows and tightened it to pull them together, causing
her some discomfort but pushing her pert breasts out wonderfully.
I pulled out a large ball gag from one of my bags of kit and dangled it in front
of her eyes.
I thought she was about to spit at me
"Open wide!"
She pushed her lips together defiantly. I pushed my hand between her legs and
slipped a finger into her pussy. It happened so fast she opened her mouth in
surprise only to find it immediately packed with a large red rubber ball. I
swiftly fastened the leather straps behind the back of her head and she realised
she was silenced.
"Don't resist me again Rosa, either you do everything I say without question or
we stop now and I make a phone call, what's it to be ?"
"Hmmmphhh !" from behind the gag.
Just nod if you agree, shake your head from side to side if you want to be
released and I'll make that call !"
A nod
Only just
But a nod
"Good, stay here"
I ran upstairs to get some more items which I'd decided to use on her since she
had not been entirely compliant. I went back downstairs.
"Turn round"
She turned, not quite quickly enough for my liking but she did turn
Her eyes widened in horror as she saw the two items I was holding. ... An eight
inch vibrator and a six inch butt plug.
"Keep still" I lubricated up the butt plug and slid it up her ass, a few moans
from behind the gag, but actually surprisingly little resistance.
Next came the vibe, lubed up and pushed firmly up her cunt. This was greeted
with a muffled squeal and a look of slight desperation.
"Ssshhh," I said raising one finger to my lips to reinforce the message.
I quickly doubled up more of the rope and passed it around her waist passing the
loose ends through the loop at her navel. Pulling this tightly around her waist
I passed the double crotch rope roughly between her legs and up the small of her
back, attaching it to het wrists , then the backside of her waist rope. This
effectively pushed the vibe and plug deep into position and held them there, a
fact not lost on my little captive !!!!!
Groaning behind her gag now I pushed her down to her knees , then on to her
stomach, tying her legs together at the ankles and above and below the knees
with more of the rope.
I finished the position with a rope hooked over her ankle rope and pulled tight
to attach her writs to her ankles behind her back. A perfect hogtie. It pulled
her head back and lifted her tits off the carpet. She shot me a real look of
defiance so I hooked an extra rope over her wrists and ankles and secured the
other end to the strap holding her ball gag in place, pulling her head further
back. As a final gesture I reached roughly between her legs and turned on the
vibrator packing her wet cunt  and she moaned as I turned up the speed.
With that I left her there to think about her predicament for an hour or so.

I went back to check on her a couple of times. She looked magnificent, stretched
taut by the hogtie, drooling from her ball gag and pleading with her eyes.
On each occasion I played with her wonderful tits, pulling at her nipples and
sucking them into my mouth, She winced more than once at the pain. I wasn't
going to inflict real pain though, not yet.

After she had been in that position for a couple of hours I returned to her, the
vibe was still humming away. I removed the ball gag and showed her one of my
favourite toys...a two inch diameter ring gag of tough leather wrapped steel. I
forced open her mouth, it was a real stretch but I got there in the end,
fastening the harsh gag around the back of her head. Her beautiful mouth was
open to me. I hadn't intended to do anything yet but my cock was bouncing around
in my pants so I took it out and showed her. Over eight inches long and as thick
as it had ever been. I moved it slowly towards her waiting mouth. She moved her
head aside as much as she could, but her strict hogtie prevented all but an inch
movement. I slipped my cock through the ring and held it two inches inside her
mouth, gently pulling in and out. I loved the sight of her freshly
red-lipsticked lips around my cock. I thrust the invader deep into her throat
now and she gagged on the size of it, I repeatedly pushed as far as it would go,
then withdrew, over and over. In just a couple of minutes despite my attempts at
control I found myself shooting what felt like pints of cum down her throat. By
the moans and looks from her it looked like it felt like pints to her too and
she wretched as best she could as I pulled my member out of her mouth.. Her
stretched mouth leaked streams of cum down her chin and cheeks. There were 
tears in her eyes from almost choking. I went to the bathroom to fetch a sponge
and wiped her cum-stained face dry. She was making sounds now, probably to try
to get me to remove the gag, instead I balled up the cum-soaked sponge and
forced it roughly into her gaping mouth. Her cheeks bulged as the sponge filled
every available space in her mouth. Several strips of black duct tape sealed her
stretched mouth and lips. With that I left her again for a while.

About an hour later when I figured she'd had enough I went to her, untied the
hogtie, removed the vibe, butt plug and crotch rope , then untied her legs and
led the still cruelly-gagged girl to my bedroom.

Once there I untied her, her limbs were too strained and weak to offer any
resistance even if she had tried and I proceeded to tie her spreadeagled face up
on the bed. Her arms were stretched as far apart as I could get them and secured
to the rails at the top of the bed with rope. I tied her ankles impossibly wide
apart to the sides of the bed , leaving her totally exposed. To further add to
her discomfort I added a rope to each thigh and secured these to the top corners
of the bed. The effect of this was to further spread her clit and pussy and
slightly raise her knees, making her totally vulnerable.

I removed the ring gag and gave her a drink of water, she gulped thirstily, I
pushed my cock again into her mouth and felt it stiffen immediately. I searched
the bedroom for her previously discarded panties, balled these up and pushed
them into her mouth, sealing her lips again with duct tape. Now for some fun
!!!!

I went down and licked the insides of her thighs, stroking her legs,
occasionally reaching up to pinch one of her nipples. I could feel her pelvis
rotating subtly as I licked all around her now soaked clit and pussy, refusing
to touch either. Then after teasing for about half an hour with a dart of my
tongue I licked her exposed clit. I felt a jolt of electricity pass through her.
I laid in with my tongue, rapidly lapping at her clit until I felt her spasm in
a huge orgasm, extended by my invading her pussy with my tongue as her orgasm
felt to be subsiding. Her moans and motions set off over again as a stream of
mini-orgasms racked her body.
I gave her a couple of minutes to regain her breath then I set about
re-stimulating her clit with a small pulsating vibe. She quickly came back to
the brink and as she started to come again I pushed the vibe inside her and
licked away at her clit as she strained in restricted orgasm again. I continued
to fuck her with the vibe and as she again climaxed I thrust three fingers high
into her cunt and roughly massaged her inner wall. She whined and virtually
screamed behind the tape and cloth gag and as I removed my fingers I climbed on
her and thrust my now huge cock into her and fucked her for what seemed like
ages but was in fact probably a few minutes only before I shot a huge load deep
into her belly.

I left her recovering on the bed and went downstairs to get a beer.

It was after 1 a.m when I remounted the stairs and I'd already enjoyed over six
hours of my little slave. As I entered the bedroom she seemed to be desperately
trying to tell me something through her packed mouth.
I removed the gag
"I need to pee" she said.
I released her completely and allowed her to use the bathroom. When she returned
I showed her some silk scarves and turning her round proceeded to tie her wrists
behind her back, tied her ankles and tied a third scarf around her head as a
gag, This last scarf had been knotted several times and the knots pushed inside
her mouth to make the gag more effective. We both dropped asleep exhausted.

Twice during the night I woke with a huge hard on, untied her legs and fucked
her till we both came, then dropped back to sleep.

The following morning I woke to a bright sunny day and my captive was just
waking. The night was over but I still had one task to perform. Rousing her
fully from sleep I retied her to the foot of the bed. I tied a rope around her
waist and fastened this to the highest part of the bed frame at the foot of the
bed. Her head was pushed through the bars of the bed frame such that her head
rested on the soft part of the bed. I passed a rope around each wrist and
attached these to the base of the legs of the bed. I then attached a four foot
spreader bar to her ankles, pulling her legs wide for me. The net effect of all
this was to leave her ass high in the air and her legs spread, with her head
facing away from me. I climbed onto the bed and pushed my cock into her mouth
and made her suck me until I was hard. I then tightly strapped a ball gag into
her mouth.
Taking a small leather whip I then proceeded to punish her ass with blow after
blow of the leather, leaving red wheals in her flesh which with this particular
whip quickly disappeared but produced a painful stinging sensation. She was
screaming and crying through the gag as I stopped the whipping and proceeded to
take her from the rear as I entered her ass with my cock, pushing her cheeks
painfully apart. I fucked her painfully until her body sagged and after I came I
freed her , allowed her to shower and watched her dress and descend the stairs

I walked her to the front door, opened it and ushered her out. Neither of us
spoke, neither showed the least hint of emotion.
Goodbye Rosa, see you next week I said dispassionately.
See you next week Mr.Thomas. Again with not a grain of emotion. She turned and
left.

To be continued...........




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Orpheus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





