BDSM Library - The New Girl




The New Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Marie has come to John to learn to be a submissive. Follow along and see how John and his submissive, honey, teach Marie to appreciate being submissive and to give herself completely to the lifestyle.
The New Girl
By
BDSM_Tourguide



Day One:

	A light knock sounded at the door and John motioned to honey to answer
it. The blonde girl rose from her kneeling position by her master's feet and
crossed to the door. He watched her walk as she crossed the room. In truth, he
enjoyed watching her walk. She was blonde, not too tall and slightly plump. Her
ass was well rounded and her breasts were large enough to bounce slightly when
she walked. Presently, however, she was clothed, wearing blue jeans and a
t-shirt.
	Honey opened the door and invited the guest into the apartment. She took
the woman's travel bag and set it off to the side in the entry hallway. She
escorted the woman into the living room and presented the guest to her master.
	John asked the woman to sit down and indicated a chair across from where
he was seated on the couch. The woman quickly sat and smoothed down the skirt
she was wearing. In her right hand were several sheets of printed paper.
	Before conversation started, honey turned to the woman and asked
politely, "Would you like anything? Perhaps I could get you something to drink?"
	"Oh. No, thank you." The woman replied. "I think I am fine for now."
	Honey turned to her master and asked, "Master? Is there anything I may
get for you while I am up?"
	"No, thank you, sweet." He answered. "Unless you want something for
yourself, please return to your position."
	"Thank you, Master." She said. "I am fine."
	With that, the blonde girl returned to her previous place, kneeling next
to John's feet. She knelt casually, her knees together, hands palms down on her
thighs. Her chin was raised and she regarded the woman seated in the chair
across from her and her master with interest.
	"Did you have any trouble finding the place, Marie?" John asked, making
obvious small talk before they got to business at hand.
	"Yes, Sir." Marie replied. She was an attractive looking woman. She had
brunette hair, almost shoulder length, her eyes were pretty and blue, and she
had a bright smile that seemed to show her eagerness. Marie was also a little
chubby, but for good reason. John picked his girls to be a little overweight. He
liked a well shaped ass and larger breasts with which to play. He found small
breasts to be annoying, as he couldn't get a rope firmly around them.
	Marie continued. "Actually, Sir, I was standing out in the hallway for
about twenty minutes trying to decide if I really wanted to knock or not."
	John looked at the clock on the wall above and behind where Marie was
seated. It was ten minutes after eight in the evening.
	"I see." John said. "You have made yourself ten minutes late by doing
so."
	The brunette's smile faltered a little. "I'm sorry, Sir." She said. "I
have been a little nervous about meeting you. I didn't mean to be late."
	"Its fine, Marie." He replied. "It's nothing you should worry about. I
prefer punctuality, though."
	"Yes, Sir." She said. "It will not happen again, Sir"
	"I know it won't, Marie. And if it does, there will be consequences."
	"Yes, Sir." She replied again, her eyes cast to the floor.
	"I see you brought the contract as I asked." John said. "Have you had
the time to look it over fully? And do you have any questions?"
	"I have read it thoroughly, Sir. In fact, I read it more than once,
actually. I wanted to be certain that the rules were completely clear before I
came." The brunette replied.
	John retrieved his own copy of the contract from the table next to the
couch. He began to peruse the first page, going over the items with Marie,
making sure they understood each other very well.
	"You know you are to be here a period of one month and during that time
you will learn to be submissive?"
	"Yes, Sir." She replied
	"You understand that you will learn posture. You will learn to stand,
sit and walk properly?"
	"Yes, Sir."
	"You understand that you will be stripped of all privileges and will
learn to ask for things like bathroom breaks, clothing, permission to speak
freely and other items like these?"
	"Yes, Sir." She replied again.
	"You understand that you will be used as a sex toy for both honey and I
and that you will satisfy us anytime without complaint?"
	"Yes, Sir." She said again. "In fact, I am looking forward to that part,
Sir."
	"Are you?" He asked. "We'll see about that."
	"Yes, Sir."
	"Finally, you understand that, aside from the limits you have listed on
the second page of the contract, once you sign this document, you will be
considered property. You will have nothing. You will own nothing for your time
here. You will wear what I ask you to wear, if anything at all. And you will do
whatever it takes to be pleasing to both of us."
	"Yes, Sir, I understand." Marie said.
	John laid his copy of the contract on the coffee table between them and
took a pen off the table from which he had taken the contract moments before.
Marie did likewise with her copy and took up a pen from the coffee table. She
assumed the pen was there for her to use.
	"Then, if you are absolutely sure you want to do this, we will sign the
contracts and you will begin your service." John said, looking at Marie
carefully.
	"I am certain, Sir." She replied, although her mouth was a little dry
and her palms were sweating. But she was determined to go through with this she
knew she wanted it and it would do her good.
	"Alright, then, sign yours and pass it to me." John said signing his
name to the line labelled 'master' on the contract.
	Marie signed her name on the line labelled 'submissive' on the contract,
but there was a second line for her to sign. She knew perfectly well what was to
go on this line. It was her submissive name. It was the name by which John had
been calling her for six months online and on the telephone. On the line
labelled 'submissive name' she marked down 'wet cunt.'
	John and Marie each exchanged copies of the contract and signed the
appropriate lines, so they both had a copy.
	John stood up and stretched a little.
	"Honey." He said. "Take the contracts and put them in the safe, please."
	"Yes, Master," the blonde replied, standing up and picking the papers up
from the coffee table and disappearing down the hall with them.
	"Now," John said. "I have something for you."
	He opened a drawer in the small table next to the couch and took
something out of it. Marie saw what it was and almost gasped. It was a black
leather dog collar, the same kind you could buy at the discount stores for five
dollars. Attached to the ring of the collar was a metal tag.
	John held the collar before Marie's face, the tag facing her.
	"Read it." He said.
	"It says 'wet cunt property of John Smith' Sir."
	He slid the collar around her throat and buckled it into place. Marie
knew it would never come off unless he specifically told her to take it off.
	"That's right, cunt. You are now my property. Now, stand up, cunt."
	Honey came back into the room and Marie glanced at her. For the first
time she noticed that honey had a collar similar to hers around her neck. It
even had the same style of tag and everything. Honey stood in the entryway
between the living room and dining room, waiting for her master's orders.
	"Yes, Sir." Wet cunt said and stood up.
	John slapped her and she staggered stunned, back into the chair. A red
handprint was instantly becoming visible on her left cheek.
	"What did you say, cunt?" John asked her, looking down at her like a
wounded animal.
	"Y-yes, Master." Wet cunt stammered. "Please forgive me, Master."
	"Now, stand up, cunt." John repeated.
	Wet cunt stood up again, her eyes downcast, fixed on John's shoes. Her
cheek stung, not only from the slap, but also from embarrassment. She had messed
up and she was humiliated. She hoped she didn't disappoint him any further.
	"Yes, Master."
	"Good, cunt. Now, strip." John said. He motioned to honey to come and
stand next to him, so she could see the wet cunt strip.
	"Yes, Master." Wet cunt said and began removing her clothing. She began
by taking off her shoes and socks, setting them to the side of the chair in
which she had just been seated; Wet cunt then removed her blouse, exposing a
nice but inexpensive white satin bra. She laid the blouse across the back of the
chair.
	John looked at her chest and asked, "What size are your titties, cunt?"
	Wet cunt looked up at him�and replied, "Thirty-eight d-cup, Master."
	"Nice. Continue." He said.
	She unbuttoned the skirt she was wearing and pushed it down off her
hips. She was wearing basic white panties, nothing frilly at all. She laid the
skirt across the back of the chair with the blouse. She reached behind her and
unhooked the bra and slid it off her shoulders. Her large breasts with their
slightly hardened nipples were now exposed for John and honey to see. They
looked at them appreciatively, each wanting to taste the nipples and lick and
suck the tender flesh. Wet cunt continued with her disrobing. She had set aside
the bra while John and honey were admiring her breasts and now slid the panties
from her waist to the floor and stepped out of them. She was about to lay them
down when John stopped her.
	"No. Give them to me." He said, holding his hand out to her.
	Wet cunt placed the panties in her master's hand and he took them from
her. He held onto them, not doing anything with them at the moment.
	"Inspection position, cunt. Now!" John snapped at her.
	Instantly, wet cunt clasped her hands behind her head and moved her feet
about shoulder width apart. John had given her a list of positions to learn
months ago. She had been practicing them and committing them to memory since the
day she received them. The positions were now so second nature to her, she could
do any of them in her sleep, it seemed.
	"Spread your legs a little further, cunt." John said as he began to walk
slowly around her. She shifted her feet a little farther apart to accommodate
his needs. He walked around her slowly, his hand caressing her ass or her breast
as he did so. "Very nice, cunt. Very nice. You have a terrific ass and wonderful
tits."
	"Thank you, Master." Wet cunt said, not moving from her position.
	John was secretly balling the panties into a small wad in his hand as he
was inspecting his wet cunt. He moved behind her and brought the hand containing
the panties up between her legs. Using his fingers and her natural lubrication,
he stuffed the panties into her juicy pussy. He was actually a little shocked.
He wasn't really expecting her to be quite so wet. Apparently, she was more
turned on by her new experiences than he had thought she would be. Wet cunt
gasped and moaned as he was slipping the panties into her cunt, but she did not
break her position.
	"Good girl." He commended her. "You took that very well."
	Panting, wet cunt replied. "Yes, Master. Thank you, Master."
	"Honey." John said, looking to the blonde girl. "Go fetch my leash and
crop. And strip out of those clothes while you're back there."
	"Yes, Master." Honey replied and hurried off down the hall.
	"Hands and knees, cunt."
	Wet cunt dropped to her hands and knees, her back straight, her ass high
and her chin up. The ring of the collar well exposed.
	Honey came back into the living room a few moments later, completely
naked and carrying a leash in her hand. Her largish breasts bobbed as she
hurriedly walked back into the room. Hers were not as large as wet cunt's but
they were very nice. As she approached John, she dropped to her knees, offering
the leash to him, her head downcast.
	"Thank you, slut." John said and took the leash from her.
	"You're welcome, Master." Honey replied.
	John took the clip of the leash and clipped it securely to wet cunt's
collar ring. He tugged it to make sure the clip was well in place. He held the
leash by the handle and ordered honey to stand and precede them to the bedroom.
	"Heel, cunt." He said and began to walk to the bedroom. At least that's
where wet cunt assumed he was taking her. She would learn not to assume too much
around this man that now owned her.
	Past the dining room and kitchen they went. Down the hallway leading to
the bedroom and bathroom they went. But at the end of the hallway, instead of
turning left into the bedroom, he pulled the leash to the right and led her into
the bathroom instead. He walked her right over to the toilet and had her stop
before it.
	"Lesson number one, cunt. This is now your water bowl. Anytime you are
thirsty, this is where you will drink. It is your job to keep it clean and to
make sure you don't forget what this receptacle is to you. To honey and I it is
still just a toilet. But to you it is much more than that. Do you understand,
cunt?"
	Wet cunt felt a wave of dread come over her as her master told her this.
She knew she would be a humiliated slut, but she was unprepared for some of the
debasing things she would have to do to please him and fulfill her role as his
wet cunt. She could do this, she thought. She knew she could. It was just water,
after all. So, she shrugged and resigned herself to drinking from the toilet
like a dog for the next month.
	A quick, stinging slap to her ass broke her from her revelry. John had
just slapped her sharply and she could feel the red handprint springing up
already.
	"I asked you a question, fucking cunt. Answer me."
	"Yes, Master, I understand. I will drink from the toilet."
	"Good cunt. Lesson number two. When you refer to yourself to me, you
will refer to yourself by your submissive name. You will not say Marie and you
will not say I. Do you understand?"
	"Yes, Master, your wet cunt understands."
	"Very good, cunt. Now, come along. We have to break you in tonight."
	This time he led her to the bedroom. He bent down and released the leash
from her collar. He told her to crawl into the corner and stay there, facing
away from the room while he and honey prepared some items for her.
	Wet cunt did as instructed and crawled into the corner and waited
patiently. She heard the two moving around behind her. Occasionally, something
that sounded like a paper bag would crinkle, or Velcro would be undone. Wet cunt
knew that honey was making the bed. She heard the rustling of the bed covers as
honey moved them around. She also heard a match struck, and then the room got
brighter once, then twice, then again a third time. Then the match was blown
out. Wet cunt assumed it was John lighting candles. Something about that sound
and that though made her shiver a little and made her pussy ache more than it
already was. The panties inside her were almost driving her nuts. She knew they
were just her old white panties, but given the circumstances, they felt almost
as good as any dick.
	Wet cunt heard footsteps, heavy ones, coming toward her. She knew it was
John by the sounds of the footsteps. She gasped and cringed as John dragged her
to her feet by the hair of her head. He turned her around and showed her what
they had been doing.
	The bed was neatly made. The comforter crisply pulled tight and tucked
under the mattress. At each corner of the bed was a Velcro soft cuff. Each of
these appeared to be attached by rope to the feet of the bed frame. At the foot
of the bed was a wooden spreader bar, about three feet long with the same kinds
of cuffs that were lying on the corners of the bed. Three large candles were lit
and placed on the headboard. One was red, another deep blue, and the last one
was emerald green. To the side of the bed was a small table, near which honey
was kneeling. On the table were lengths of rope, many clothespins, a wooden
paddle and a riding crop. Wet cunt shuddered looking at the assortment. John
only smiled behind her.
	"You like what you see, cunt?" He asked, whispering the words in her
ear.
	"Yes, Master. Your wet cunt likes what she sees very much."
	"Good, cunt. Now, crawl onto the bed and lie down on your belly."
	"Yes, Master." Wet cunt said and moved to the bed and climbed on. She
slid down on her belly and spread her legs and arms toward the cuffs at the
corners.
	"Honey." John said.
	Honey rose from where she was kneeling and moved to the side of the bed.
She began at wet cunt's right wrist, securing the Velcro cuff to it first,
moving to her right ankle, then across to her left ankle and ending at wet
cunt's left wrist. When she was done, she opened a drawer in one of the
nightstands and brought forth a blindfold and a red rubber ball gag. Both of
these she affixed to wet cunt's head, making sure that neither of them were too
tightly strapped.
	Finished with her tasks, honey moved away from the bed and let John step
near it to check her handy work. He tested the tightness and fit of each cuff
and the straps of the blindfold and the ball gag. They were all properly done
and not too tight.
       "Very good, slut." John said, smiling at honey.
	"Thank you, Master. I try my best, you know?" Honey said, smiling.
	"I know you do. Now, if you will go to the kitchen and get the cloth and
ice water, I would like to start."
	"Yes, Master." Honey replied to him and walked off to the kitchen.
	Turning his attention back to his bound and helpless cunt, John picked
up the paddle from the small table near the bed. He moved to the side of the bed
and stroked her ass softly. She whimpered just a little against the gag.
	"Now, wet cunt." John began. "I am going to spank you. It's going to be
a very long and very painful spanking. I am only spanking your ass right now. I
won't go to your legs or back tonight. This might be the very worst spanking you
have here with me, but I use it to break in the new girls. Let them know how bad
it can be if there are ever too many mistakes. Do you understand?"
	Wet cunt nodded, but groaned inwardly. She knew from their online
relationship that John was very good at spankings. She knew that if he said this
was going to be very painful, it was going to be. She steeled her will to
prepare herself for what was coming. She began to take several deep, heavy
breaths, trying to relax herself for what was to come.
	She heard honey come back in and set something on the nightstand near
her head. Wet cunt assumed it was a bowl full of ice water and a cloth as John
had instructed her earlier to bring.
	Without any warning and not a single word, the paddle connected against
wet cunt's ass. The wood landed right above her thighs, on the curve of the
cheeks. She gasped hard against the gag and cried out, not that much sound came
from her mouth of course.
	Another blow fell, harder than the last one. This one hit solidly on her
right cheek, causing her to cry out into the gag again. Then another blow fell
on her helpless, exposed ass. This was followed by another, then another, then
another. Each blow was harder than the last and they were all striking quicker
than the previous on
	Wet cunt was sobbing. Tears were streaming from underneath the corners
of the blindfold and soaking into the pillow. But still the paddle slapped
against her ass, not letting up for a moment. It was almost too much for wet
cunt to bear. Her breath was ragged against the gag. She was surely drooling all
over the pillowcase now, too. And John showed no signs of letting up anytime
soon.
	More blows fell all over her naked and helpless ass, each in a different
spot than the one before, but all equally hard. John must have been giving her
all he had and putting his full weight behind every stroke. She couldn't imagine
being hit harder than this. She knew her ass had to be beet red by now, or worse
bruised purple.
	Soon, time came to wet cunt in the loud smack against her ass and the
pain immediately following it. She cried and cried, but John showed no interest
in stopping. Or if he did, he wasn't letting her know it. He continued
pummelling her poor ass and she laid there and took it, because she had no other
choice. She was his and she was bound helpless to the bed frame.
	After what seemed an eternity, John stopped the assault on her ass. She
could barely hear his husky breathing through her sobbing. He must have exerted
himself a lot to be breathing that hard. Wet cunt listened to what was happening
around her, but it was no use. The pain in her ass and her own sobbing blocked
out all other sound and sensation.
	Something heavy was suddenly on the bed between wet cunt's legs. She
heard John tell honey that he wouldn't need the spreader bar. She heard honey
tell him that she would put it away if it wasn't to be used. Honey also asked
about the candles, to which John replied and told her to just blow them out and
that they wouldn't be needed tonight either. Honey asked if he though he had
gone a little overboard on the spanking. He told her he probably had, but he was
enjoying the sounds the wet cunt was making so much he didn't want to stop. John
figured the candles could be used on a later evening.
	Wet cunt felt John's hands on her ass, caressing it and kneading it a
little. She moaned into the gag, but not so much in pain now. Then she felt
something against the entrance of her ass. Something that was warm and hard. Oh
my god, she thought, he's going to fuck me anally. After all that, he's going to
take me in the ass. She groaned again, this time in dread of what was to come.
	John hadn't bothered to even use any lubricant. He wanted her to feel
this and he wanted it to make a lasting impression on the wet cunt. He knew she
knew that this could be very pleasant, but he also wanted her to know that it
could be very painful. Very, very painful indeed.
	John started pushing the head of his cock against wet cunt's tight, dry
asshole. She was already squirming, the little tramp. He pushed harder against
the orifice and the head popped in. He heard her scream against the ball gag in
her mouth. He almost wished he could take it out and let her scream her head off
for him. But this was an apartment and they did have neighbours that might call
the police.
	John pushed again at her asshole, sliding more of his erection into her.
He watched as wet cunt's head shook from side to side and her frantic grunts and
moans against the gag became even more violent and fervent. He saw the tears
running at her cheeks and they only served to arouse him even more. John figure
he would have to find an excuse to do this to her at least once more before the
cunt left his care. He pushed again and saw his cock slide father into her ass.
She shrieked again against the gag. John actually smiled at all this. This had
to be one of the best new girls he had had in a long time. She was going to be a
lot of fun for sure.
	Seeing his cock was about halfway into her asshole, John reached down
and spread her cheeks apart, offering himself a clear view of the tight, dry
hole wrapped around his hard, and throbbing cock. He held her ass as far open as
he could and thrust the rest of his cock into her. He wasn't terribly big or
anything, but by her reaction, one would have thought she had been impaled on a
spear. Wet cunt blubbered against her gag and sobbed as he penetrated her right
to the base of his cock. He could feel his balls resting against the little bit
of cotton he had left hanging out of her juicy cunt when he had shoved her
panties up there before.
	John began to work his cock back and forth in her asshole. Wet cunt
whimpered and cried and moaned, but he was relentless. He continued fucking her
tight hole until he had enough and came in her tight ass. His breath was ragged
and his muscles were stiff as he unloaded into her. God, she felt fucking good.
Her ass was so tight. He could tell she hadn't been fucked there much.
	He pulled his cock out of her ass, but he had one more thing in store
for her before he was done. He unfastened the strap holding the ball gag from
her head and slid the gag off of her. She was still sobbing from the spanking
and the brutal fucking. He grabbed her hair and pushed his cock into her mouth
and made her clean the cum and shit from him. She cried more while she did this,
but a thought occurred to her that she was actually enjoying serving him like
this. Obeying him without question and without hesitation was starting to turn
her on. Her cunt was getting wet again, thinking about pleasing him. He hoped
she had done well for him tonight and that she passed the breaking in phase
without making any mistakes.
	Suddenly, a cold cloth was pressed against her abused asshole. Wet cunt
gasped at the sensation, but knew it was just honey cleaning her and soothing
her aches. Wet cunt had heard John go to the bathroom, presumably to clean up
and piss. Honey was rubbing the ice cold cloth over her buttocks and anus,
taking time to refresh the water every moment or so.
	"You did very well." Honey said. "I wanted you to know that he looked
like he really enjoyed himself. I know he loved the spanking he gave to you.
Usually, it never ever lasts ten minutes. Most only go for about three to five
before he quits."
	Wet cunt smiled. "Wet cunt is happy that she could please Master."
	"Oh you did, sweetie. You did. You'll be able to see for yourself when
we get the pictures on the computer."
	"Pictures?" Wet cunt asked, confused.
	"Yes. I took pictures of the whole thing. We always do. He likes to look
at them while I suck him off some nights."
	"Oh. Wet cunt didn't know she was being photographed."
	"No. It's a quiet camera. It's a digital. No film and all that. Here,
let me get that blindfold off you." Honey pulled the blindfold off wet cunt's
eyes. Wet cunt blinked a few times, and then thanked her.
	John came back from the bathroom and asked honey, "So, how is she?"
	"She's just fine, Master." Honey said. "She's not bleeding and you
didn't bruise her ass to much. She should be fine in a couple of days."
	"Good. How do you feel, wet cunt?"
	"Your wet cunt feels incredible, Master." She answered honestly. "Your
wet cunt was in a lot of pain, but she is happy to know that she has pleased her
Master this evening. She hopes she continues to be pleasing for him."
	"I hope you continue to please me as well, cunt. You did very well
tonight. You should be proud." John said, eliciting a smile from his wet cunt.
"Now, let's get you out of these cuffs."
	John began releasing the cuffs from wet cunt's wrists and ankles while
honey continued to rub her abused ass with the cold cloth. Soon, wet cunt's ass
was no longer stinging and she felt brave enough to sit up. She rolled over and
sat up on the bed between honey and John.
	"Master?" Wet cunt asked.
	"Yes, cunt?" John answered back.
	"May your wet cunt get a drink of water, Master?"
	"Yes she may."
	"Thank you, Master." Wet cunt said and stood to go to the bathroom for
her refreshment. A hand in her hair stopped her immediately. She was pulled to
her knees roughly by her master.
	"Lesson number three, cunt. You are not allowed to walk upright until I
allow you that privilege. You will crawl everywhere you want to go in this
house."
	"Yes Master." Wet cunt said and began crawling her way to the bathroom.
Honey and John both heard her lapping at the water in the toilet and smiled to
themselves. Yes, the little cunt was going to do very well here with them. They
felt she would be an excellent submissive by the time her training was finished.
	Wet cunt came crawling back into the room soon after and knelt at the
feet of her master, looking up at him for instruction.
	"Well, cunt, it's been a long day and we should get some sleep. Lie back
for a moment." John said, ruffling her hair.
	Wet cunt lay down on her back before her master, her legs slightly
parted. He reached between her legs and pulled the panties from her very wet
pussy. He looked at them approvingly and told her to open her mouth. When she
complied, he stuffed the cotton panties in her mouth and told her to leave them
there until he said she could take them out or he took them out for her.
	John had wet cunt crawl to the foot of the bed where he tied her hand
and foot for the night. She was not allowed to sleep in the bed, nor was she
allowed a pillow or blanket yet. She would have to work to earn these things.
John and honey crawled into bed and each of them bade the wet cunt good night
before they all drifted off to sleep.



End of Day One




The New Girl
By
BDSM_Tourguide



Day Two:

	John rolled out of the bed the next morning and walked to the washroom.
He noticed wet cunt squirming a little at the foot of the bed, but passed her by
without a word. He went to the washroom and pissed and brushed his teeth. He
came back into the bedroom and was choosing his clothing when he noticed wet
cunt still squirming and looking up at him.
	"What is it, cunt?" He asked. "Did you sleep well?"
	"No, Master." She replied. "I wasn't able to get very comfortable tied
like I am. I could only roll on my back and my left side. So, I'm feeling a bit
stiff."
	John looked down at her. "Ah I see."
	He laid the shirt and jeans he had been selecting for himself on the bed
and bent down and twisted wet cunt's nipples viciously. He held the soft nubs of
flesh in his fingers as she cried out in surprise and squirmed against her
bonds.
	Honey stirred a little from her sleep. "What is it?" She asked.
	"Nothing's wrong, honey. Cunt is getting a lesson." John replied, still
holding wet cunt's nipples. "Go back to sleep."
	"Okay, Master." Honey replied and rested her head back on the pillow.
	"Now, cunt, you were told to speak in a certain way yesterday. Have you
forgotten your training already?" John asked, looking sternly into wet cunt's
eyes.
	"No, Master. Your wet cunt is sorry, Master." She replied through
clenched teeth. "Please, Master, you're hurting me."
	He twisted more vigorously on her nipples. "I'm hurting whom?"
	She gulped. "You're hurting your wet cunt, Master. Please forgive her,
Master. She is just tired from not sleeping well. She is sorry."
	"Not yet she isn't." John replied, but let her nipples go anyway.
	John untied her hands and feet from the foot of the bed. She stretched
her ankles and rubbed her wrists. She had not been tied tightly, but she was
still stiff from being tied for so long. Wet cunt stretched lithely and tried to
relieve some tension in her joints.
	"Alright, cunt, heel." John said and started walking toward the
washroom.
	Wet cunt rolled over and started to stand up, but then remembered she
wasn't allowed to walk upright. So, she crawled on her hands and knees to the
washroom behind her master. She realized that, despite the tenderness left over
from the long spanking and rape last night and sleeping tied to the foot of the
bed, she was very happy here. She knew she was on the right track. She was
learning to follow orders and obey commands. She knew she was making a few
mistakes, but John had told her that would be normal. No one was perfect, after
all. John had told her to go ahead and make mistakes, but to know that she would
be punished for them. It was something she would have to learn to accept. John
had said that making the same mistake twice would probably be bad, though.
	In the washroom, John had started a shower and steam was beginning to
fill the room. He told her to stand up and get in the shower. Honestly, it was a
little warmer than she would have liked, but she did not complain. She knew she
would get used to it. John got into the shower behind her.
	"Wash me, cunt." John instructed. He handed her a washcloth. The soap
was in a dish near her right elbow.
	"Yes, Master." Wet cunt replied. She took up the soap and wet the
washcloth in the spray. She lathered the cloth and began at his chest. She
soaped his chest, then down to his belly, washing in small circles as she would
herself. She took his cock in the cloth and washed it tenderly, then his balls,
too, in the same fashion. She noticed that he moved his hips toward her as she
was washing his cock and balls and she thought she heard him moan somewhat. She
continued cleaning him, down his legs, his feet, and standing back up and
washing his hands, arms, and armpits. He turned around to let her wash his back,
which she did, and then down to his ass and on to the backs of his legs.
	"Make sure you wash my ass well, cunt." He instructed.
	"Yes, Master." She replied and moved the cloth between the cheeks of his
ass, washing his anus thoroughly.
	He turned around to rinse off his backside. Wet cunt began to stand up,
but John told her not to get up yet. Once he had finished rinsing himself, he
turned back around so his ass was close to her face.
	"Make sure you did a good job, cunt." He said.
	Wet cunt spread his ass cheeks apart and examined his asshole to make
sure it was completely clean. It looked fine to her. He had kind of a hairy
asshole, but it didn't seem dirty to her or anything.
	"Not like that, cunt. Use your tongue."
	"Master?" She asked, a little taken aback.
	"Put your mouth against my asshole and tongue kiss it like you would a
close boyfriend or girlfriend. If my ass isn't clean enough for you to put your
tongue on or in, then it isn't clean enough. Do you understand, cunt?"
	"Yes, Master, I understand." She replied, nervously. This was certainly
interesting. She had never put her tongue on a man's asshole before, nor
anyone's asshole, for that matter. She wasn't quite sure what to make of this
experience or what bearing it had on her training. She would have to ask John
later if she was allowed.
	In the meantime, she stiffened her resolve and leaned forward and put
her mouth fully against his asshole. Her tongue came slowly out from between her
lips and pressed against his asshole. She heard him moan this time. This moan
seemed loud and distinct. She began moving her tongue in circles around the
hairy hole of his ass and then she pushed her tongue into it slightly. She
didn't taste anything offensive, so she figured she had done a good job washing
him. In fact, the experience was becoming more and more educational by the
moment. She knew she was turning him on by having her mouth pressed against his
asshole and her tongue sliding over it. This knowledge in turn was making her
quite hot as well.
	She finished checking his asshole for cleanliness and pulled her face
away. He turned around to face her. She was still crouched on the floor of the
tub. When he turned around she noticed his cock was hard and the veins were
standing out noticeably. She looked up at him and saw lust in his eyes.
Apparently, her tongue had quite an effect on him. She took his stiffened cock
in her hand and gently stroked it. His head went back somewhat and he moaned
again loud enough for her to hear. She continued to stroke his cock and bent to
lick his balls. She circled each with her tongue and sucked one then the other
into her mouth. His hips rocked as she worked his balls with her tongue. She
suddenly had the odd thought that her tongue was certainly getting a good work
out today. She smiled at the thought, but didn't giggle. She figured it would
ruin the mood.
	Moving her mouth up from his balls, she took the head of his cock in her
mouth and swirled her tongue over it in slow circles. He gasped and his hips
bucked again. She kept up with him, though, keeping just the head of his cock in
her mouth and keeping her tongue working over it. Finally, after toying with him
for a moment, she took his cock in her mouth. She couldn't take all of it, but
she got about half of it in. She moved her head back and forth over his hard
cock, her hand following her mouth as she sucked him off. She reached up with
her other hand and stroked his balls while she continued to suck and stroke with
her other hand.
	Suddenly, he pulled her up by the hair. The sudden rush of blood back
into her feet was exciting, but so was the deep kiss he gave her after he pulled
her to her feet. He kissed her and kneaded her breasts lightly, pinching the
nipples softly as he did so. He kissed his way down her neck to her shoulder.
She breathed heavily into his ear and held on to his shoulders. His cock pressed
against her shaved pussy as she pressed closer to him. She mover her hips so the
head of his cock was positioned between her slit.
	"Please, Master, take your wet cunt." She begged.
	He pushed her away from him. "No. Not yet. You're not ready yet."
	"But..." She started.
	"No." He cut her off. "It isn't time yet. You don't want it enough yet."
	"Yes, Master." She pouted and looked at her feet.
	"Now. Out, cunt. Get a towel. I want you to dry me as well."
	"Yes, Master."
	Wet cunt stepped out of the shower and took a towel off the rack hanging
near the tub. John stepped out and she wrapped him in the towel, pressing
against him again, obviously still in need. He looked at her and she knew he
would not give in to her. Wet cunt did as she was told and dried John with the
towel.
	When he was completely, dry, he turned to her and said, "Dry yourself
off and come to the bedroom." He turned and walked across the hall to the
bedroom.
	Wet cunt dried her body as quickly and thoroughly as she could, dropped
to her hands and knees and crawled to the bedroom. John had gotten dressed in
the shirt and jeans he had picked out earlier. She could smell his cologne
faintly from where she waited near the doorway.
 	Honey was lying on her back in the bed. It looked like she was awake,
but not ready to get out of the bed yet. John motioned wet cunt to come to him.
He pulled the blanket off of honey and told wet cunt to crawl onto the bed.
	Wet cunt crawled up onto the bed as instructed and John guided her
between honey's legs. Now, wet cunt's face was no more than inches away from
honey's freshly shaved pussy.
	"Make sure she wakes up in the nicest way possible, cunt. I have to get
my day started." John said and left the bedroom. He walked into the spare room
he kept as an office and turned on his computer. He closed the door and put on
some music as he waited for the computer to boot up.
	Wet cunt now looked at the shaved pussy before her face. She slid down
from her hands and knees to her belly between honey's legs. Tentatively, she
opened her mouth and licked honey's pussy from the bottom of her slit to her
clit. Honey stirred and moaned a little, the sensation causing her to stir some
more. She licked again, letting her tongue slide between the lips of honey's
pussy, opening her. Honey moaned, her hips moving toward wet cunt's mouth
slightly. Wet cunt pushed her mouth firmly against honey's pussy, flicking her
tongue over honey's clit. Honey's only responses were her fervent moans and
squirms as she moved her hips back and forth under the influence of wet cunt's
tongue.
	The more wet cunt licked at honey's pussy, the more frequent and intense
her moaning and movements became. Wet cunt slid a finger into honey's pussy as
she continued to lick at her clit, eliciting even more of a response from her.
Shortly enough, honey was rocked with a very nice orgasm.
	Once she calmed down, honey took wet cunt's face in her hands and said,
"Well, you definitely woke me up in the nicest way I can think of. Thank you."
Honey gave her a deep kiss, tasting her own juices in wet cunt's mouth.
       "Now, let's go get cleaned up and get on with today's activities, shall
we?" Honey asked, sitting up.
       "Alright." Wet cunt replied, sliding off the bed. She stood at the foot
of the bed, waiting for honey to lead her where ever they were going.
       Honey stood up and looked at wet cunt. "Get on your hands and knees,
cunt." She said. "Just because I am not Master doesn't mean the rules don't
still apply."
       Wet cunt dropped back to her hands and knees and said. "Yes, honey."
       Honey led wet cunt to the washroom and turned on the shower. Wet cunt
found it a little unusual to have two showers in one morning, but she wasn't
complaining. She and honey got into the warm shower and washed each other from
head to toe. While they were in the shower, honey shaved wet cunt's pussy and
legs, making sure they were perfectly smooth and wet cunt shaved honey
similarly. Honey had informed wet cunt already that John was quite a stickler
for a well-groomed pussy. The barer the better was his motto.
       Once out of the shower and dried off, honey rubbed wet cunt's legs and
pussy down with light lavender scented lotion and instructed wet cunt to do the
same for her. Wet cunt complied fully. The two then returned to the bedroom to
finish getting ready. They each put on deodorant, brushed and dried their hair
and used lavender body spray lightly to finish.
       Honey went into the kitchen, wet cunt following on her hands and knees.
Honey put on a pot of coffee and looked at a list held by a magnet to the
refrigerator door. She turned around and told wet cunt she could stand up. She
was allowed to remain upright while she was shown the apartment.
       The coffee finished fairly quickly. Honey rarely made more than three or
four cups at a time. She didn't drink coffee much and John rarely had more than
a cup or two in the morning. Neither he nor she ate breakfast, so she didn't
have to worry about cooking anything. If John wanted anything, it would likely
only be a bowl of cereal.
       She prepared his coffee the way he liked it, with sugar and cream. She
walked to his office and knocked on the door. He opened it and she offered the
coffee to him. He took it and gave her a kiss.
       "How's your morning, boo?" John asked.
       "Good so far, Master. I got woken up very nicely." She replied with a
smile.
       "Well, well. I'm glad you approved."
       "I did, Master. I'm going to show her the kitchen and the house as you
requested, Master. Is there anything else that you would like me to do with her
while you are working or would you prefer us to just relax until you are ready?"
       "I think you can probably just relax. Watch TV or whatever. You may fuck
her, if you want, but don't let her cum. I want her begging for it before she
gets the satisfaction."
       "Yes, Master, I believe I can handle that."
       "Good. If you need anything, come get me. It's looking like a slow day
today. I haven't been able to get in touch with most of the people I needed to
talk to today."
       The telephone ringing cut the conversation short. John turned to answer
it and waved bye to honey. Honey returned to the kitchen and started showing wet
cunt around the kitchen and the rest of the apartment. She made sure wet cunt
knew where the coffee cups were, where the plates and bowls were, where the
canned goods were and more. Honey took care to make sure wet cunt was
familiarized with the house very well. She wanted wet cunt to be able to fulfill
any request made of her without having to ask questions. It would reflect on her
abilities how well wet cunt grasped everything and how well everything was
remembered. Honey made sure wet cunt asked questions if she had any and made
sure that she could do the things that would be asked of her frequently with
ease.
       In fact, honey spent almost two hours having wet cunt fetching items for
her. Anything honey could think of that John might want; she made sure wet cunt
would know where those items were without a second thought.
       When she was satisfied that wet cunt knew well enough to get along, she
began preparing lunch for the three of them. Honey had to admit it was
definitely an easier day in the kitchen with wet cunt around. She had someone to
help her with the chopping and grating as well as any other little things that
needed to be done to get lunch prepared.
       John came into the kitchen and exclaimed. "Wow! It smells great in here.
Are we having spaghetti?"
       "You bet, Master." Honey replied. "I made the sauce myself and
everything, following your recipe, of course." She winked and smiled at him. He
kissed her and went to the living room and turned on the television to watch Law
and Order.
       Honey had wet cunt clean off the table and set out the dishes. Honey
served generous portions of spaghetti and meat sauce, garlic bread and milk. All
of them sat around the table, half watching the television and half talking
about the day and how everything was going. John admitted that it seemed like
wet cunt was getting along quite well. He was happy with her progress and stated
that he expected good things from her in the future.
       After lunch was finished, honey and wet cunt washed and dried the dishes.
Honey told wet cunt that she was now to return to her hands and knees and stay
that way until John told her she might return to standing upright. Honey told
wet cunt to stay where she was. She went into the bedroom and returned in a few
moments with a leash. She clipped the leash to wet cunt's collar and took her
into the living room so the two of them could relax for awhile.
       Honey sat in her favourite chair, a nicely padded armchair facing the
television. She pulled wet cunt, using the leash in front of her, still on her
hands and knees. Honey propped her feet on wet cunt's back and started flipping
through the channels until she found something she wanted to watch. Honey took
her feet off wet cunt's back for a moment and told her to turn so her ass was
facing toward honey. Wet cunt turned as ordered and honey propped her feet on
wet cunt's ass this time. She let one of her feet drift down toward wet cunt's
pussy. She began toying with wet cunt's slit and clit while she watched her
show. Wet cunt's pussy was getting wetter and wetter by the moment and she began
to moan.
       "Quiet, cunt, I won't be able to hear my show." Honey said and jerked wet
cunt's leash.
       "Yes, honey." Wet cunt whispered.
       Honey continued to toy with wet cunt during the entire show, but was
careful not to get her completely worked up. She was very careful not to let wet
cunt cum as John had instructed. Honey was mindful of wet cunt's breathing and
motion, even though she pretended to just watch her program and pay no notice to
wet cunt at all.
       Wet cunt whimpered once and honey took her foot away from her pussy and
snatched back on the leash. Wet cunt was pulled off her hand and fully up on her
knees. Honey hooked a hand into wet cunt's hair and pulled her back against her
chest.
       "Bad cunt." Honey said tight in her ear. "I did tell you to be quiet,
didn't I?"
       "Yes, honey, you did." Wet cunt said very, very quietly.
       "Well, bad cunt, now you're going to pay for your slip up." Honey said,
letting go of wet cunt's hair. "Turn around on your knees and face me."
       Wet cunt did as instructed and turned around to face honey. Honey pulled
her face down by the leash until wet cunt's mouth was right before her pussy.
       "Lick my pussy, cunt. Make me cum and I will be satisfied that you have
paid for being bad."
       Without a word, wet cunt put her mouth to honey's pussy and licked at her
clit for all she was worth, eager to please honey and make sure she would forget
about her slip up.
       After several moments of deep moaning, hip bucking and fervent licking,
honey came, moaning loudly. She reclined, breathlessly, in the chair and wet
cunt sat back on her heels still between honey's legs. She hoped she had pleased
honey and by the looks of things, she had.
       "Well, looks like you two are having fun." John said from the entryway to
the living room, startling both girls.
       Honey jumped up to face her master. "Sorry, Master. Were we disturbing
you?"
       "No. Not at all. I was taking a break and heard you having fun in here,
so I thought I would come take a look. I see you're breaking the cunt in well."
       "I'm trying, Master. She seems to have a problem keeping her mouth
closed. So, I was making sure she had better things to do with her mouth than
make noise with it."
       "Oh okay. Makes sense to me. And damn fine work, if I may say so." He
laughed.
       "Thank you, Master." Both girls said and giggled at him.
       "Did you need something, Master?" Honey asked.
       "Oh no. I was just up getting a soda and taking a little break. I'm so
tired of talking on the phone and typing on the computer."
       "I can imagine, Master." Honey said. "But it does help pay the bills, you
know?"
       "Yeah I know, but who ever knew there was so much crap involved with
selling stuff online?"
       "Not me, Master."
       "Anyway, you two have fun. I'm back to work again."
       "Yes, Master." Both girls replied in unison.
       John went back to his office and the two girls watched television for the
afternoon. Honey sat in the chair and held wet cunt's leash while wet cunt knelt
or sat on the floor next to her legs. After a few moments, however, wet cunt
looked up at honey and asked if she could go pee. She explained she hadn't had
the opportunity to go since she woke up this morning and was now experiencing
cramps. Honey gave her permission to pee, but instead of letting her go to the
washroom herself, she led wet cunt down the hall on her leash.
       "Hold on a moment, cunt." Honey said and walked into the bedroom, leaving
wet cunt to hold her leash in her mouth until she returned. Honey fetched the
camera from the bedroom where she had left it after last night's session. "Okay,
cunt, let's go."
       Honey took wet cunt's leash from her mouth and led her into the washroom.
Wet cunt sat on the toilet and prepared to do her business when honey cut in.
       "Hold it, cunt. Not yet." Honey had turned the camera on and snapped a
few pictures of wet cunt sitting on the toilet. "Master rather likes to see his
girls piss. I should like to capture the moment for him for prosperity's sake.
Now, spread your legs and let me get in there."
       Wet cunt spread her legs at honey's request. Honey came in front of her
and knelt, holding the camera and pointing it right between wet cunt's legs.
       "Okay, cunt, fire away." Honey said and turned her attention to the
camera's little imaging screen. Wet cunt was suddenly very aware of the woman
kneeling between her legs and pointing a camera at her. How was she supposed to
concentrate on her business at hand with someone waiting patiently to snap
pictures of one of her most intimate activities? It defied her sensibilities and
it was abnormal.
       A sharp stinging pinch to her thigh snapped her back to reality.
       "Hello?" Honey said. "We don't have all day here. If you're not going to
piss for me, then get off the pot so I can save the batteries in the camera."
       "No, no, I will." Wet cunt said and then immediately realized her
mistake. Honey reached up and twisted one of her nipples viciously. "Ow!" Wet
cunt yelped.
       "What did you say, you disobedient little witch?" Honey asked, with a
sinister edge in her voice.
       "Wet cunt will piss for you, honey." Wet cunt said her nipple still
stinging.
       "I know you will, you little tramp!" Honey said and set the camera down.
"But you won't until I say you will." Honey reached out and twisted wet cunt's
other nipple even more viciously than she had the first nipple.
       "Ow! Ow! Ow!" Wet cunt cried. "Please no more. Wet cunt will be good. Wet
cunt will obey!"
       Honey picked the camera up again and resumed her former position between
wet cunt's legs. "Go on." She said. "Get with it already. And spread your legs
wider."
       Wet cunt immediately opened her legs more for honey. She didn't want to
displease her again. Her nipples were still sore from honey's previous assault.
She relaxed and the urine began to dribble from her body. Honey started snapping
pictures with the digital camera. Soon, the dribble was a stream and wet cunt
was feeling so much more comfortable now that she didn't have that pressure
weighing on her body. Honey took pictures the whole time, even when wet cunt
wiped afterward.
       After wet cunt flushed the toilet and returned to her hands and knees,
honey had her take a drink from the bowl while it still smelled of her piss.
Honey led wet cunt back into the hallway and into the living room. They returned
to their places and watched television for the remainder of the afternoon.
       Later on that evening, John finally came into the living room. He plopped
down into his chair and rubbed his eyes.
       "I'm so tired of looking at a computer, I could scream."
       "Bad day at the office, Master?" Honey asked.
       "Not really bad. It just turned out to be busier than I expected it to
be."
       "But you got lots done, right, Master?"
       "Oh yes. Out of that list of fifty items I took in last week, forty of
them sold today. Frank Smallboy and I were on the phone for over an hour trying
to figure out the best way to ship everything and all the boring details you
don't really want to hear."
       Honey laughed and said. "That's not true, Master. I enjoy hearing about
your day. Almost as much as you like hearing about my work days."
       "That bad, eh?" John replied and snickered. "So, how was the cunt today?"
       "She did alright. I think we're going to have to work on her speaking a
little bit more. She simply refuses to call herself by her proper name. She also
doesn't seem to like to piss much. She has trouble doing it with people
watching."
       Wet cunt hung her head in shame as she listened to honey recount the
misdeeds of her day.
       "Would you recommend that she be punished for her actions?" John asked,
looking at wet cunt.
       Wet cunt tensed, waiting for the informal verdict to be passed down from
honey, her judge and jury. She hoped she would be spared John's wrath. She
wanted to be pleasing. She just didn't remember all the details all the time.
       "Yes, Master, I do." Honey said, dashing wet cunt's hopes of a quick and
painless forgiving. "I think we should humiliate her and make her think twice
before she speaks next time. Something to 'motivate' her, shall we say?"
       "It sounds like you have thought this out fairly thoroughly. What did you
have in mind?"
       "A half hour in the bathtub with the ring gag. That should give her time
to think about things."
       "That sounds pretty harsh. Do you really think we should do that on her
second day here?"
       "She has to learn sometime, Master. No sense treating her like a child.
She belongs to you, she knew what she was here to do and she has agreed to obey
you in all things. I say we stop treating her with the kid gloves and start
teaching her to mind."
       "Master, if your wet cunt may speak?" Wet cunt asked. John nodded. "Your
wet cunt agrees with honey. Please do what you would normally do with your wet
cunt. She is sure she can take whatever you choose to give her. If she has been
thoughtless and deserves to be punished, then it should be so, Master."
       Wet cunt shut up then and let John think about what he wanted to do.
       "It seems I have been out-voted." John said. "Very well. I shall proceed
with the punishment suggested." John took wet cunt's leash and turned to honey.
"Start dinner, honey. I'll be along in a moment."
       "Yes Master." Honey said as John took wet cunt down the hallway again to
the washroom.
       Honey went into the kitchen and thought about what to cook. For all she
cared, they could eat TV dinners tonight. She found herself wanting to go watch
wet cunt's punishment. But she knew it wasn't going to last long. She figured
she better actually cook something and forget about watching the goings on in
the other room.
       John had taken wet cunt into the washroom and had her lay in the bottom
of the bathtub. She shivered as her back and butt came into contact with the
cold porcelain. John went into the bedroom and returned with a ring gag. He
knelt at the side of the tub and held her head away from the bottom of the
bathtub. He pushed the leather covered metal ring into her mouth and behind her
teeth. He strapped the gag at the back of her head. He then rested her head back
against the cold floor of the tub.
       "Alright, cunt, your punishment begins right now." John said and stood
up. "Since your mouth keeps getting you into trouble, I shall strive to remedy
the situation. So, what I'm going to do now is give you something to think about
the next time you decide to say something improper. Do you understand?"
       Wet cunt nodded her head in understanding, although she wasn't exactly
sure what was about to happen to her.
       John unzipped his pants and pulled his penis free. He stepped as close to
the tub as possible and pushed his hips forward slightly.
       'Oh my god!' Wet cunt thought. 'He's going to piss on me.' Then her
predicament dawned on her. The ring gag holding her mouth open, where he was
standing. All of it came rushing forward in startling revelation. Her eyes were
wide with surprise and she looked directly up at him, pleading with only her
eyes, but it was already too late.
       The stream of piss hit the bridge of her nose first, right between her
eyes, splashing into them and stinging them. John moved slightly and directed
the stream of piss into her mouth. Wet cunt's mouth quickly filled up and there
was nothing she could do to prevent it or spit the piss out. When her mouth was
filled to overflowing, John moved again, directing the stream down onto her
breasts, then her belly and finally past her pussy to her thighs.
       John looked down at her, covered from head to knees in his urine. Her
mouth was completely full and he could see her working her tongue futilely,
trying to push the piss from the orifice. It did not have the effect she would
have desired. She wound up inadvertently swallowing some of the bitter liquid.
She almost panicked, but John was again kneeling by her side.
       "Don't worry, cunt." He said. "Don't try to empty your mouth or fight
your predicament. You will only be here for a half an hour. While you are here
and tasting my piss in your mouth and feeling it stinging your eyes and smell it
on your body, think about what you should say before you speak. I hope this
lesson will help you in the future to remember your place with me."
       Honey nodded imperceptibly and John got up to leave the room. She
resigned herself to lie here and tried to think about the positives of the
situation. She could taste the bitter piss in her mouth. She could feel it still
in her eyes. She could smell it all over her. What was worse is that it was
getting cold. She thought it was bad when it was warm, but this was worse. She
could even feel goose bumps coming up on her skin and her nipples were getting
hard, almost to the point of aching.
       John and honey worked in the kitchen, preparing dinner. Once the cooking
was complete, honey set the table and John went to fetch wet cunt. He found her
lying just as she had been left, shivering in the bottom of the tub. She had
goose bumps all over her and her nipples were hard little nubs. Before he
released her from her humiliating position, he went to find where honey had left
the camera. He returned and took a few pictures of her, especially focusing on
her mouth full pf his piss. When he was finished, he set the camera aside and
went to wet cunt. He helped her sit up which caused the cold piss to drain out
of her mouth and down her chest. He helped her to stand and he turned on the
shower. The water was cold at first and she jumped and squealed a little as best
as she could anyway, with the ring gag still forcing her mouth open. The water
warmed up quickly and the heat was refreshing to her. John pushed her head
forward under the spray of the shower. He unbuckled and removed the gag, then
let her head go.
       "Wash up quickly, cunt." He said. "Dinner is ready and we won't be
waiting for you."
       John left the room and went to the kitchen. Honey had served the food on
three plates with three glasses of soda. She was sitting at the table waiting
for him to come back before she began to eat.
       "Pour her soda out. She won't need it. If she wants something to drink,
she can get it from her water bowl until I am convinced she has learned her
lesson. And put her plate on the floor by my chair. Tonight she will eat like an
animal."
       "Yes, Master." Honey said and got up to pour the glass of soda down the
drain. She then placed wet cunt's plate on the floor to the side of John's
chair. She moved back to her place and sat down. They began to eat and make
small talk.
       Soon, wet cunt came crawling into the kitchen. Her hair was still damp,
but she was clean from the shower. She saw John and honey seated at the table,
but saw a plate on the floor.
       She crawled forward and asked. "Is that my plate on the floor, Master?"
       "Yes, cunt." He replied. "Until you stop behaving like an animal, you
will eat and drink like one. Until I say otherwise, you will eat meals from the
floor and drink from the toilet. No milk, no sodas and if you don't show swift
improvement, no plate either."
       "Yes Master." Wet cunt said, humiliated again. She moved forward slowly
and began to eat her food only using her mouth and tongue. She lapped at the
food and even licked the plate clean when she was finished. She asked if she
could go and get a drink of water. John told her to go ahead and she trotted off
to the washroom and put her head into the toilet and lapped at the water there
like a dog.
       When wet cunt returned, crawling, into the kitchen, honey was on her
knees in front of John's chair sucking his cock. Wet cunt was amazed at her
technique. Honey alternated between licking his balls, licking his shaft and
head and sucking. She used both her hands to both stroke his shaft and to toy
with his balls. She could even deep throat his cock. Something wet cunt knew she
could not do. Maybe she would learn.
       John motioned wet cunt to come forward. He indicated she should kneel
close to him and honey and watch what she was doing. Wet cunt did just that. She
watched honey lick and suck his balls. She watched how honey used her tongue and
hands. She even watched how honey opened her mouth wide to take his cock into
her mouth, and then swallowed to take the whole thing down her throat. Wet cunt
was very interested in learning how to do all these things. But she was also
becoming increasingly aroused. She eventually found her hips moving
involuntarily as she watched honey suck her master's cock. Even that thought
made her hot. Her master. It just sounded it just sounded good when she thought
it.
       After a few moments, John had honey stop what she was doing and stood up.
He had honey walk to the bedroom in front of him and ordered wet cunt to follow
behind. In the bedroom, John had honey get in the bed and had wet cunt kneel
close by and watch. John took off all his clothes and got into the bed with
honey. John and honey kissed and fondled one another. Her hands caressed his
cock and neck. His hands fondled her breasts and buttocks. She moved down again
and sucked his cock and licked his balls some more, then he went down on her,
licking and sucking at her pussy. Soon she was moaning to an orgasm.
       John moved her onto her hands and knees and mounted her from behind. He
fucked her pussy roughly until she came again. He pulled his cock from honey's
pussy and stepped off the bed. He held his cock in front of wet cunt's mouth and
told her to clean honey's cum from him. Wet cunt willingly and excitedly
accepted his cock into her mouth, licking and sucking every inch of it clean.
She made certain none of honey's pussy juices remained.
       John removed his cock from wet cunt's mouth and moved back onto the bed
and mounted honey again. He fucked her roughly again, slapping her ass as he
fucked her. Honey moaned and groaned. She wanted to cum again, but this time
when she asked, John refused her. Instead John emptied his cock into her pussy.
       He moved off the bed again and stuck his cock in wet cunt's face again.
She sucked his cum and honey's pussy juice off his cock, cleaning it diligently.
John then pulled her to the bed behind honey using her hair as a handhold. He
thrust wet cunt's face against honey's moist, cum-filled cunt and told her to
clean honey as thoroughly as she had cleaned him.
       Wet cunt lapped at her pussy, licking the cum from her pussy. She sucked
at honey's hole, making honey shudder and making more cum come to her tongue.
Honey was begging John to let her cum. Her body was wracked with involuntary
spasms as the need gripped her. But John again adamantly refused to let her cum
again.
       Wet cunt soon finished her task and moved away from honey's pussy. Honey
groaned in frustration, but was told to be quiet and get ready for bed. She slid
off the bed and disappeared into the washroom without another complaint. John
pulled wet cunt to the floor at the foot of the bed and tied her, but this time
he tied her by the ring of her collar, leaving a foot of rope so she could sleep
a little more comfortably.
       Honey came back into the bedroom. She had washed her face and brushed her
teeth and was ready for bed. John told her to go ahead and get into the bed. He
went to the washroom and brushed his own teeth and washed his face as well. He
returned to the bedroom and turned off the lights. He climbed into the bed with
honey and bade his two girls good night.



End of Day Two




The New Girl
By
BDSM_Tourguide



Day Three:

	Honey rolled out of the bed at the early hour of noon at the wicked
behest of her alarm clock. John was still sound asleep beside her, so it must be
Saturday today. She didn't know how he did it, but he could get up at ten
o'clock every morning without and alarm clock and when Saturday and Sunday
rolled around he would sleep in automatically. She knew it was Saturday anyway;
she had to go to work today. She actually liked her job even though there wasn't
much to it. It paid the bills and was slightly fun, even though she would
probably never admit that to anyone.
	She staggered out of the room in her half-asleep daze and headed into
the washroom for a shower. She turned on the water and let it get warm and got
in. She lathered, rinsed and repeated her hair, then conditioned. While the
conditioner sat, she shaved her armpits and pussy, and then rinsed the
conditioner from her hair and the shaving cream from her body. She lathered a
cloth and started washing herself from head to toes and then rinsed.
	While she was rinsing the shower curtain suddenly leapt forward at her
and she heard a loud 'Arrr!' She shrieked and almost fell over, her heart
pounding. She heard John in the washroom laughing heartily at her.
	"Don't DO that!" she said in her best early morning cranky voice. "You
scared the shit out of me!"
	John was using the toilet, pissing. "Eww!" He said. "Does that mean you
made a big mess in there?"
	"Oh ha ha!" She shot back. "If only you were half as funny as you
thought you were, you could be a comedian and travel the world."
	"Smartass." He said and flushed. He poked his head in the shower and
kissed her. "Good morning, sweetie. It's nice to see you in a good mood today."
	"I'm not in a good mood." She said with her tongue in cheek. "But if I
keep smiling and laughing, then no one will suspect me of killing you when you
pull these little stunts of yours."
	"Aww, but baby, I was just having a little fun!" John laughed.
	Honey turned off the shower tap and got out. She reached for her towel
and began drying off. "So, what's the plan for the new girl today?" She asked.
	"I don't know." John responded. "It's Saturday and I don't really have
anything in mind. We might sit and watch TV all day or something. Or I could
drive you to work and we could come have lunch with you if you want."
	"No, you better not." Honey said. "You know how weird my boss gets when
I have actual people there."
	"Oh right." He said. "What I wouldn't give for six hours alone with that
woman. Just her, my flogger and me. I'm sure I could do something to improve her
attitude."
	Honey finished drying and said. "Oh, come on, dear. She's not that bad.
She just doesn't like the employees to have personal guests."
	"But it's you freaking lunch!" John exclaimed. "You would figure she
could at least let you have people visit for that."
	She kissed his nose and said. "Nope, we can't have visitors." Then she
headed off into the bedroom to finish getting ready. John followed her back into
the bedroom.
	John sat on the foot of the bed, propping his feet on wet cunt's belly
while honey styled her hair and put on her make-up. The made small talk and
joked with each other while she was dressing. While she was finishing getting
ready, John went into the kitchen and made her a couple of sandwiches to eat
before she left for work.
	Wet cunt lay there quietly, watching the two of them interact. She
smiled at how naturally they seemed to get along and how well their conversation
seemed to flow. If the truth were to be known, she liked them both very much.
She was happy to be here and was happy to have met them. Her life was definitely
different now than it was three days ago. Three days ago she was a nurse working
at her hospital, leading a 'normal' life. She stayed home with her cats, she
read a lot, and she went for walks in the evenings. She was, as they say, a
staple of normality. Well, okay, to be fair, three days ago she knew all about
bondage and sadism and the like and knew she was coming to stay with John and
honey.
	A year ago, however, she would have been considered a staple of
normality. She had only just begun to read about bondage and, although she was
aroused by the thoughts and images, she hadn't really considered ever serving or
even being submissive. Before she read about these things, she didn't even
really know what a submissive was. When she saw the BDSM website, she read the
articles and messages to and from submissives, but never really thought anything
about it. She though it was just a quirky little community created so people of
alternative lifestyles could meet. But there were actual articles and
informative stories instead. It didn't seem to be a 'personals' site at all.
	She went about her normal life, though. Doing the things she normally
did. She kept finding herself thinking about some of the things she had read.
For some reason, she couldn't get certain thoughts out of her head. She found
herself back at the site and really reading the articles and stories each time
she visited it. Some things in some of the articles seemed to speak directly to
her on some deeper level. She even found herself responding to some of the
articles and messages left by some of the people. How that happened, she
wondered.
	Her revelry was broken suddenly. She heard the door close and then she
heard John's footsteps coming down the hall. He appeared in the doorway of the
bedroom and looked down at her. She looked up at him and smiled.
	"Good morning, Master." She said.
	"Good morning, cunt. How did you sleep last night?"
	"Much better, Master, thank you. Your wet cunt found that the rope
through her collar left her more able to move and turn over and such."
	"Good. I was going for more comfortable, yet secure when I tied you last
night. So, I guess I did an okay job of it."
	She giggled a little. "Yes, Master, you did wonderfully."
	He shook his hips and said. "Why, thank you. Thank you very much. You've
been a wonderful audience."
	Wet cunt laughed out loud and whistled at him from her position on the
floor. John had a great sense of humour. He was witty and funny and always
seemed to know what to say to lighten a moment when it needed lightening. He
could also be very serious, though. He could silence her with a look. He could
speak one word and she knew whether he was pleased or displeased instantly. She
could look into his eyes and know if she was meeting his expectations or not.
	"Well, let's get you up from there, shall we, cunt?" John said and moved
near her. He crouched down and untied the knot holding her collar to the bed
frame. He checked the collar again to make sure it wasn't leaving marks or
wasn't too snug. Her skin wasn't marked and the circulation seemed fine. He took
his hands away from her so she could get to her hands and knees.
	Wet cunt rolled over and got on all fours, looking up at John. He looked
down at her and smiled again. He did not reach for the leash, nor did he give
her any command to heel or follow. She was a little concerned by this.
	"Master? Is there anything you want your wet cunt to do?"
	"I imagine she wants to go pee, doesn't she?"
	"Yes, Master, she does have to do that."
	"Well, why doesn't she go pee and then meet me in the living room?"
	"She was waiting for your permission, Master."
	"Oh! Oh yeah!" John slapped his forehead. "What was I thinking? How
silly of me. Of course you were waiting for permission. Go pee, cunt, then meet
me in the living room."
	"Yes, Master. Your wet cunt will be there shortly." She said and trotted
off to the washroom.
	John walked into the living room and sat down on the couch. He found the
remote and flipped the TV on. It was two o'clock in the afternoon, so the
options would be scarce. About fifty talk shows, twenty soap operas, a couple of
baseball games, golf and Star Trek: TNG. He decided on baseball and flipped over
to watch one of the games. It was only into the second inning, so he hadn't
missed much.
	Wet cunt crawled into the living room and knelt beside John's legs. She
had brushed her teeth and hair and made herself presentable. She decided not to
mention to him just how hard it is to brush your teeth and hair and find
deodorant when you are not allowed to rise from your knees. In an effort to
maintain domestic tranquility and to keep her own ass a respectable shade, she
would not bring up those types of things. She looked to see what her master was
watching on the television. Baseball, she thought, it figures. Typical man on
Saturday: Get out of the bed and go straight to the couch. Next, he would have
her fetching beer for him, too.
	John reached down and played with her hair. She put her head against his
leg and smiled, even though she knew he couldn't see her smiling from this
angle. It felt nice, having someone pay attention to her and show her affection.
Even if she did feel more like a pet than a human these last couple of days, she
felt good. She felt closeness and she felt she was cared for. She smiled a
little more at her own thoughts.
	How could a 'normal' grown woman find such comfort in giving herself up
like this? She wondered. It was very liberating, really, to give up one's
control and just let someone else take care of you. It almost made her feel like
a child again, but the sensation was different. It was more like the feeling of
a very secure lover that wrapped his arms around her and left them there
permanently. Even though she had endured some fairly humiliating things since
she was here and would, no doubt, endure more before she left, she knew he cared
for her. He showed it in his attitude toward her and in his words.
	She heard light snoring and looked up. John's head had fallen back on
the couch and he was snoring softly, the baseball game still going on in the
background. What a man he is, wet cunt though and laughed slightly. She left her
head lying on his leg and just listened to his breathing. She was comfortable
and she knew he was comfortable with her, too.
	Eventually, the baseball game ended and she had to pee really badly. She
didn't ant to just get up and go without asking permission. She was afraid John
might wake up and find her not in her place and punish her. She tugged his pant
leg slightly and he roused and looked at her.
	"Yes?" He asked sleepily.
	"Master, may your wet cunt please go pee?"
	"Yes, go ahead." He said. "Come back when you're done."
	"Yes, Master." She said and crawled off to the washroom. She sat on the
toilet and relieved herself then crawled back into the living room as ordered.
John was now lying on the couch, his head on one of the throw pillows. She
crawled quietly over to him and knelt near him, to be more accessible when he
woke up.
	She was there a great deal longer than she thought he would be.
Apparently, when John slept he really slept. She sat through another ballgame
and most of SportsCenter before he finally woke up. He stretched and looked at
her.
	"Hey, cunt." He said the sleep still evident in his voice. "What time is
it?"
	She looked at the clock above the couch and said "It's a little before
seven, Master."
	"Seven? Holy cow! I can't believe you sat there and waited for me to
wake up for four hours. I can't believe I slept that long."
	"It wasn't so bad, Master. The Red Sox won and apparently Tiger Woods is
on his way to another win. He's two strokes up in round three."
	"You must have been bored." John said, sitting up and stretching.
	"A little, Master, but not too badly." She said, looking up at him.
	"Well, come on, cunt. I suppose I should have shower." John said,
stretching again.
	He got up and looked down at her. He gave the order to heel and walked
to the washroom with her following behind him on her hands and knees. He
undressed himself and began running water in the tub. When it was to the right
temperature, he turned on the shower and got in. He told wet cunt to stand up
and get in with him, which she did without hesitation.
	This time, she knew what was expected of her, so she took up the
washcloth and soap and began washing him. She paid extra attention to his cock
and ass, knowing it turned him on. She again got on her knees behind him and
tongued his asshole to make sure it was clean enough to pass inspection.
	Once she was finished washing him, he traded places with her and watched
as she washed herself. She washed thoroughly, making sure anyplace he would
touch her or put his mouth on her was pleasant. She also shaved her armpits,
pussy and legs. When she was finished, she noticed he had an erection and was
looking at her thoughtfully. She blushed and grinned, knowing something kinky
and perverted was going through his mind at the time.
	He shut off the taps and had her dry him, then herself. He had her
return to her hands and knees and follow him into the bedroom. She waited on her
knees on the bedroom floor as he took a few items from his bedside table. Mostly
some rope, but she also saw him pick up a butt plug.
	He returned to her and laid the items on the bed and had her stand up.
He picked up the rope and wrapped her breasts firmly in several loops so they
were bound and stood out more than usual. He pulled the free ends of the rope
behind her and tied them in a knot behind her back. The free ends of the rope
now dangled behind her, well past her ass and almost to her knees. He pulled her
arms behind her back and used the free ends of the rope to tie her wrists
together. She stood now, in the middle of the bedroom, her breasts bound and her
hands secured behind her back. She was breathing hard, turned on by the simple
act of being tied up. She could feel the wetness between her legs. Her smooth
shaven pussy lips were covered in her juice.
	She gasped audibly as John came behind her and bent her forward. He
dribbled a few drops of liquid lubricant on her asshole and held the butt plug
to the skin there. She moaned and her hips moved involuntarily as he moved the
tip of the plug around a little to coat it with the lubricant. She moaned even
louder as he pushed the plug into her tight asshole. And she moaned loudest of
all when the plug sank all the way into her, the base resting against the skin
of her ass. She was panting audibly now, her need so great. She had not cum
since she had been here. She felt so neglected. So needy. She knew she needed to
cum. She wanted it more than anything else right now.
	John pulled her up by her hair to a standing position. She whimpered as
her pulled her hair, not in pain, but in need. She wanted him. She wanted him to
take her. To fuck her like the slut cunt she was. She begged him with her eyes.
She pleaded with him in her mind.
	He looked at her and asked, "What is it, cunt?"
	"Master, your wet cunt is so much in need. Will you please take her and
fuck her like the lowly slut she is? Please, Master, fuck your wet cunt and let
her cum for you."
	"No, cunt." John said. Wet cunt whimpered. He looked at her sternly and
she dropped her eyes away from his gaze. "I will take you and let you com when I
feel you are good and ready. I don't think that you are needy enough yet."
	Not needy enough? She almost screamed at him. Look at me, you clueless
man! Don't you see me burning in my own need here? Can't you smell me? I know I
can, you insensitive man. I want you to take me so badly! I hate you, you fuck!
	John looked at her. It looked as if he was reading her mind. He seemed
to sense what was going through her head. He slapped her, leaving a red
handprint on her face. He pulled her by her hair to the bed and threw her down
on it. Without the use of her hands, she landed face down. She saw John pick up
the paddle, the same on he had used on her the first day. She squirmed, trying
to roll over and cover her ass, but before she could he was on top of her. He
pinned her face down with a knee between her shoulders. He brought the paddle
down hard on her ass, making a loud smacking sound against her soft skin. She
cried out and began to weep.
	"Do you question my judgement, cunt?" John asked sharply, again bringing
the paddle down across her ass. He wasn't angry with her, she knew that. He just
would not let her question him, whether it was aloud or even in her mind.
	"I'm sorry, Master. Your wet cunt will never question you again,
Master!" She sobbed. He brought the paddle down on her ass again anyway.
"Please, Master, your wet cunt will be good, she promises. Please, Master, no
more!"
	John put the paddle back down and got up off of her. He pulled her up by
her hair and dragged her, whimpering the whole way, to the corner of the room.
He pushed her to her knees and pushed her nose right into the corner, touching
the wall.
	"You stay right there, cunt. You don't say anything and you don't move
an inch. You stay on your knees with your nose touching the corner just like it
is." He said sternly, his mouth right next to her ear.
	"Yes, master." She said.
	He reached down and slapped her ass hard. "I said no talking, didn't I?"
	Not making that mistake twice, she nodded, keeping her nose to the
corner as instructed. John got up and looked down at her, trussed up, her
breasts and hands bound, butt plug firmly in place and kneeling in the corner
like a scolded little girl. He had to admit to himself that this was making him
terribly horny. He wanted to fuck the little cunt right now. He wanted to pull
that plug out of her ass and just rip into her. He wanted to treat her like the
fucking cunt she was.
	He knew better, though. He wanted to see her suffer first. He wanted her
to need to cum so badly that she would beg for it. He wanted her to want it so
badly she would do anything for it. He wanted her to act like a wanton slut for
her orgasm.
	In the meantime, however, he had a throbbing erection and no release for
a couple of hours at least. He looked at wet cunt and grinned. An idea occurred
to him. Something pleasing to him and more humiliating for her.
	He took her by the hair and pulled her nose out of the corner. He turned
only her head, so it was facing him, but the rest of her body was still facing
the corner. He pushed his hard cock into her mouth and pumped her head back and
forth. He listened to the little sounds she made and the slurping sounds of her
mouth on his cock. In a few moments, the orgasm was building in him. He pulled
his cock out of her mouth at the last moment and came all over her face. His cum
found its way onto her forehead, her nose, her left cheek and her lips.
	 He pushed her nose back into the corner. He would have her clean the
stain later. He left her there, her face covered in his cum, in the corner and
humiliated. He noticed something, though. He saw how she was panting. He saw how
she held herself, almost in a wanting position. On a whim, he reached between
her legs and touched her pussy. It was soaking wet, almost dripping. When he
touched her she moaned against the wall and moved her hips to meet his hand.
	He smiled to himself, stood up, licked her juice off his finger and went
to the bathroom to wash her drying saliva off his cock. Once he was cleaned off,
he returned to the living room to watch TV again. It was almost nine, and John
knew he had to record a show for honey at ten o'clock. He decided to go for a
walk rather than just sit around and wait for the program.
	He got up and put on his shoes; he picked up his keys and wallet and
walked out of the apartment. He walked down the stairs and out into the night
air. He walked for about forty minutes before finally returning to the
apartment.
	He came back up the stairs, got a drink of water, and sat down on the
couch. He turned on the TV and flipped over to the channel for honey's show. In
a few moments, the show came on and he began recording it for her. Once the show
was recording, he got up and went into his office to check his email and maybe
play a game. Basically, wasting time until honey got home.
	Honey came home a little after eleven o'clock. She walked down the hall
toward the bedroom, pausing to bid her master hello. She walked into the bedroom
and took off her clothes. She then went to the washroom to use the toilet. She
then returned to her master's office and approached him. She knelt next to his
chair and waited for him to be finished with what he was doing.
	In a few moments, he turned off the computer and turned to her. "Hello,
honey. How was work?"
	"It was good, Master. We weren't very busy so we got a lot done
tonight." Honey began. She continued to recount her work night for him. He knew
she needed to vent a little each night. To tell him about the different people
and the odd things that happened during her day. He didn't mind listening to
her. A lot of days her work, the people and her coworkers were amusing to him.
He always got a kick out of listening to her stories. She made him smile often.
	After several moments, honey said. "So, wet cunt is in the corner in the
bedroom. She was bad today?"
	"A little. She questioned my judgment. I thought I would leave her there
for a little while and let her think about what she did. I'll go get her in a
few minutes."
	"Okay, Master. I was just wondering."
	"Yeah." He said and stood up. "I guess we can go get her now. Would you
like to pester her for a little while?"
	"What did you have in mind, Master?"
	"I want to make her even more hot and horny than she already is. I want
to see her beg to be fucked before I let her cum."
	"I can help with that, yes, Master."
	"Alright. Let's go get her and see what we can do to make her life
hell." He laughed. He was joking of course. He knew the state of sexual arousal
wet cunt was in was frustrating, but he figured it wasn't so bad. It could be
worse. She could have not come to him and had to work all this month.
	John and honey walked into the bedroom and looked wet cunt over. John
went and fetched her from the corner. He untied her hands and breasts and told
her to go into the washroom and wash his cum off her face in the toilet. She was
allowed to use soap and a cloth, but she was to use the water in the toilet bowl
to wash and rinse. He told her to also bring the washcloth back and clean the
corner where her nose was. He didn't want a stain there from where his cum had
settled on her nose.
	Wet cunt moved quickly to comply. She seemed a little dourer since her
corner time. Maybe her time there had really given her some time to think and
something serious about which to think, too.
	She went into the washroom and found a washcloth. She took up the bar of
soap and knelt in front of the toilet. She felt so humiliated doing this. She
was mortified and she wanted to cry. She knew she had been bad. She knew what
she had been thinking and John was absolutely right. She should be punished for
her thoughts. She wet the washcloth in the bowl of the toilet and soaped it. She
washed the cum from her face, making sure she got it all off, as it was dry and
sticky by now. Finishing this, she dried her face on the towel hanging from the
rack behind her. She replaced the soap where she found it and was suddenly faced
with a dilemma. She had to bring the washcloth back to the bedroom with her, but
she also had to crawl. And idea occurred to her and she popped the cloth in her
mouth and crawled back into the bedroom and to the corner in which she had
inhabited for the last couple of hours.
	John and honey were on the bed. He was licking her pussy and she was
moaning loudly and squirming on the bed. Wet cunt felt the twinge of need
between her legs again. She had had nothing since she had been here. Not one
orgasm. She needed one. She was almost to the point of approaching John on her
knees and begging for it. If she didn't think he would see it as distasteful,
she would.
	She knelt in the corner and cleaned the cum stain off the wall. She
listened to honey cum as she washed the wall. She wished it was her. She felt
the empty need in the pit of her belly and knew it needed to be filled.
	Wet cunt finished her task and, cloth in her mouth, returned to the
washroom to put the cloth away. She then returned to the bedroom and knelt to
the side of the bed, out of the way. Honey was lying on the side of the bed
closest to wet cunt. Honey looked over at her and smiled. Wet cunt wondered what
she was smiling about. Wet cunt sure didn't feel very happy right now. She felt
needy and wanted to cum badly. Her pussy juices were dribbling down her thighs
from her wanton desires. She was sure the other two of them could smell her, so
much in need was she.
	"Come over here, cunt." John beckoned and motioned her to the opposite
side of the bed where he was lying. Wet cunt crawled to kneel next to John's
side of the bed as instructed.
       "No, cunt. Up here." John instructed her, patting the bed next to him.
       Wet cunt had never been allowed on the bed before. She was a little
surprised. She climbed into the bed and lay next to John. He put his arm around
her and held her. She suddenly felt very comforted and very relieved. She was
afraid she really had made him angry and she wanted that less than anything in
the world. She closed her eyes and put her head on his shoulder. She listened to
his breathing and his heartbeat. She sighed deeply and relaxed. She did feel
safe here. She did feel comforted and relieved. She liked being here, even if it
was only temporarily.
       She felt a soft, smooth hand on her breast and opened her eyes. Honey had
rolled over to face her and was gently caressing her breast and lightly rolling
her nipple. Honey was smiling at her again, but this time wet cunt smiled back.
Honey stroked her cheek and moved a strand of hair of wet cunt's face. Wet cunt
liked the way honey was touching her. It made her feel comfortable, but at the
same time, it also aroused the need in her again.
       John began to kiss her. His lips lightly touched hers, then again more
forcefully. She accepted his kisses and opened her mouth to accept his tongue.
She kissed him deeply and fervently, wanting him more and more with every
second. He began caressing her skin, sending shivers over her body. She wanted
him so badly. She wanted to cum. She needed it, didn't he see that?
       Honey moved closer to her, leaning across John's chest, her hands finding
their way to wet cunt's ass and thighs and kneading them lightly, her nails
softly scratching the skin. Wet cunt moaned into John's mouth. She was breathing
harder and faster and she could feel her cunt dripping. God, she wanted a cock
or tongue or anything on or in her pussy. She wanted to cum so badly. She
whimpered slightly, almost a yearning sort of mewl.
       John moved away from her lips, kissing his way to her earlobe and licking
it, then moving down to her neck and eventually to her shoulder, licking,
kissing and nibbling the whole way. Wet cunt shivered and moaned and squirmed.
Her hips pressed against the side of his hips and she tried to rub her cunt
against his leg for some kind of relief, but to no avail. John wouldn't raise
his leg to aid her. In fact, he seemed to have rolled onto his hip to keep her
from rubbing against it too much.
       Wet cunt reached down and took John's cock in her hand and started
stroking him. She felt him grow hard in her hand, his cock becoming firmer and
warmer as she stroked him. John began to breathe more deeply now and his kisses
and licks on her neck and shoulder were coming faster and more fervently.
       Honey moved closer to wet cunt and began to lick and kiss her hip and
thigh. Wet cunt rolled a little and opened her legs slightly to allow honey
access to the aching, needing part of her. But honey didn't seem to see things
wet cunt's way. She licked and kissed wet cunt's belly and thighs, but not once
did she kiss or lick or pay any attention to wet cunt's soaked pussy. Wet cunt
whimpered again, this time more forcefully and needy than before. The yearning
was obvious in her tone.
       "Please, Master." Wet cunt said tentatively.
       "Please what, cunt?" John asked in her ear, licking her earlobe. Wet cunt
shivered in response.
       "Please take your wet cunt. Use her like the slut she is. Please, Master,
have mercy on your wet cunt. Take her and use her as you see fit."
       "Is my wet cunt telling me what to do?" John responded looking at her,
his eyebrows rose.
       "No, Master. Please, no. Your wet cunt wouldn't tell you what to do,
Master. She is just so hot right now. Her pussy is aching and wet."
       John moved himself and honey away from wet cunt a little room on the bed.
"Show me." He said.
       Wet cunt rolled onto her back and spread her legs. She could feel the
cool air on her juicy pussy. She could feel her own moisture on her thighs. John
and honey moved so they could look between wet cunt's legs.
       "I can't see anything, cunt. I don't think you are telling the truth."
       "But Master, can't you see how wet your wet cunt is? Her juices are even
on her thighs!"
       "No. I'm sorry, cunt, I can't see a thing. Maybe if I had a better look,
I could."
       Wet cunt opened her legs wider and turned her hips so John and honey's
faces were right between her legs. She was so sensitive right now that she could
feel their breath on her skin.
       "Is that better, master?" She asked hopefully.
       "No, cunt, I still can't see how wet your pussy is. I guess I will have
to put you to bed and let honey finish what you started." He said,
matter-of-factly and indicated his still hard cock.
       "No! Please, Master, no. Your wet cunt doesn't understand what you want,
Master. Please tell her what to do to please you."
       Honey chimed in and said, "Open your pussy, cunt. Reach down and hold the
lips apart so Master can see for himself how wet your little cunt is."
       "Yes, cunt. Do as honey said and open your pussy for me to see. I want
undeniable proof that you are as wet and needy as you claim to be."
       "Yes, Master." Wet cunt said. She reached down between her legs and
pulled her pussy lips apart, revealing the inner folds of her soft pink skin. As
she opened her lips drops of her wetness dripped down out of her pussy, over her
asshole and to the bed sheet. The smell of her sex heightened in the room and
was now very evident, causing wet cunt to blush deep red.
       "Ah yes." John said. "Now I can see it. You are very wet, my juicy little
slut. You are even making a puddle on my bed."
       "Your wet cunt apologizes, Master, but she is truly hot and wet."
       "Yes. It would seem so." John said. He reached out and ran a finger
gently down wet cunt's slit, from clit to asshole. Wet cunt shivered again and
her hips bucked involuntarily. She gasped out loud.
       "Hmm. It does seem like someone is in desperate need of a good orgasm,
would you say, honey?"
       "Yes, Master, it does." Honey agreed looking at wet cunt's dripping
pussy. She licked her lips slightly and grinned.
       "I wonder if she is really interested, though. I mean, sure her pussy is
wet, but how can we know for sure if she really wants to cum?"
       Wet cunt groaned in frustration. Tears slid from her eyes.
       "I don't know what you want me to do!" She sobbed. "Please, all I want is
to cum! I just want to release this agony I am in!" She sniffled and wept.
       John was on her in a flash. In one swift movement, he pushed the first
two fingers of his right hand into wet cunt's held open hole and took her by the
throat with his left hand. He was suddenly kneeling over her, his face close to
hers, his eyes inches away from hers. She was terrified and aroused and
confused. His quick actions startled her and she wasn't even sure how to react,
so she lay there, holding her dripping pussy, now filled with two of John's
finger. It seemed her terror was making her even wetter. She was afraid, yes,
but still secure. John's outright display of power was what was making her feel
even more aroused. She felt very small, but very submissive all of a sudden,
like a defenceless animal at the hands of a predator.
       John's hand tightened slowly on her throat and he asked sharply. "What
did you say?"
       Wet cunt gulped and looked up at him in fear and shock.
       "What words did I just hear come out of my wet cunt's mouth?" John asked
severely.
       Realization dawned over wet cunt's face like a pall of shadow. She gulped
again and sobbed. She cried, knowing she had made a mistake. Worse than that,
she had made the same mistake twice, which was very bad in John's opinion. She
knew he would not please her now. He would not let her cum now. So, she laid
there and sobbed, her tears rolling down the sides of her face and onto the
sheet.
       "Your wet cunt is so sorry, Master! Please don't punish her, Master.
Please! She just wants to cum so badly. Your wet cunt is so frustrated. Please,
Master, please be good to her. Don't punish her for this mistake, please." She
was sobbing in earnest now, hoping her pleas didn't fall on deaf ears. Her eyes
were squeezed shut as she cried.
       She suddenly gasped in surprise and her eyes flew open as John curled the
two fingers inside her. She was looking into his face now and sniffling. His
face was tender now, his eyes kind and he smiled at her.
       "That's all I wanted, cunt. I wanted to hear you beg for it and mean it.
But I wasn't going to give in to you and I wasn't going to let you get away with
your mistake." He curled his fingers again and she gasped loudly and bucked
against his hand. Her sobs had all but gone away and her need was back now,
fully, and more painfully than before because she felt she was so close to what
she wanted and needed.
       "Yes, Master. Your wet cunt is so sorry for losing her head, Master. She
hopes you will forgive her and show her mercy."
       John pulled his fingers from her cunt and she groaned as he did. He held
the fingers to her mouth and she licked and sucked them greedily, cleaning all
her juices off of them. He let her go and moved off of her and to the side.
       "Honey." He said. "Warm up the cunt."
       No sooner had the words left his mouth than honey had her head between
wet cunt's legs and was licking and sucking greedily at her juicy pussy. She
slurped at the juice on her thighs and the juices running down her asshole. She
hungrily tongued wet cunt's still held open and still dripping pussy. She licked
up as much of the juices as she could, but wet cunt was a fountain by now and
the more honey licked, the wetter wet cunt got. Wet cunt was panting and
groaning and bucking against honey's tongue and mouth, but honey would not
relent. She licked wet cunt's pussy and asshole until wet cunt's breathing was
ragged and hard. She paid no attention at all to wet cunt's throbbing clit,
though. She was just warming her for John.
       John touched honey's shoulder and honey rose from wet cunt's pussy. She
moved to wet cunt's side and gave her a deep, long kiss, letting wet cunt taste
herself in her mouth. Wet cunt moaned into her mouth and enjoyed the taste of
herself on this woman's tongue. When honey broke the kiss, wet cunt's eyes were
full of desire. She looked like she was so hot she could smoke. Honey leaned in
and kissed wet cunt again, this time, she moved her hand up to toy with her
nipples and cup wet cunt's ample breasts as she kissed her.
       John surprised wet cunt by entering her suddenly. She gasped and moaned
into honey's mouth as John pushed the entire length of his cock into wet cunt's
pussy. She gasped at how easily it slid into her and how deeply she felt him.
Then she realized she was still holding herself open. Everything was happening
so fast and she was so stunned that all she could do was lie there and hold her
pussy.
       Wet cunt was feeling overwhelmed. Honey's tongue in her mouth and hands
on her breasts were very arousing and making her squirm and John's hard cock in
her still dripping and held apart pussy was driving her toward the brink of
orgasm. And the brink was coming quickly.
       Soon enough, wet cunt was thrashing about, almost screaming, her hips
bucking against John's cock as the orgasm she had been denied all this time
finally broke through like a hot lava breaking the surface of cool sea water.
The juice poured from her pussy. She could feel a cool pool of it under her ass.
She hoped John wasn't too angry about that.
       She had little time to worry about such things, though. Honey had moved
to the side when wet cunt had started to cum, giving her room to thrash about.
But now honey was swinging her leg over wet cunt's face and settling her pussy
against wet cunt's mouth. Her pussy was warm and wet and sweet smelling and wet
cunt was more than happy to devour it like she would a chocolate candy.
       John continued to pump his cock into wet cunt's pussy while she sucked
honey's clit into her mouth. Wet cunt moaned against honey's pussy as she neared
another orgasm. Wet cunt's hips began to rock against John's cock again as
honey's hips were rocking on her face. Her face was covered in honey's juices
now, but wet cunt didn't care. She wanted this so much. She was lost in the sex
and everything else was unimportant.
       "This little bitch is going to make me cum all over her face" Wet cunt
heard honey say to John.
       "Give it to her, honey. Let her know what a good job she's doing. John
was breathless. He had to be close himself. Wet cunt didn't figure it would take
him long to cum, either.
       All though was lost as wet cunt came again. This orgasm better than the
last she moaned loudly into honeys pussy and sucked harder at it, her tongue
wildly lapping at honey's clit and hole. Honey's hips shivered and then rocked
and wet cunt heard her moaning over the top of her. Honey's pussy juices ran
into wet cunt's mouth and onto her nose and face. Apparently, the excitement and
sex in the sir was too much for John to keep going. He groaned and came deeply
into wet cunt's pussy. His cocked filled her with his hot white juice.
       Eventually, John settled and moved away from wet cunt. Honey knew her
place and leaned forward to lick the cum out of wet cunt's pussy. Some had
dripped out and was running toward wet cunt's asshole, but honey wouldn't let it
get away. She slurped up the cum off wet cunt's asshole and then sucked at her
pussy to eat the rest out of her. All the while, wet cunt was still licking and
sucking at honey's pussy, too, still lost in the sexual world she inhabited.
Soon enough, both of them were cumming again, each moaning into the other's
pussy, their hips bucking wildly against each of the others' faces.
       Later that night, after they had a shower and washed the fluids from
their bodies, after the sheets were changed, wet cunt slept snugly against
John's shoulder, in the bed with him and honey.


End of Day Three




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  BDSM_Tourguide


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





