BDSM Library - Tormented




Tormented
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: she is haunted by her Master's presence.
Tormented



	Early in the evening, all alone again.  The silence in the house should
be soothing, instead I'm restless. The tick tocking of the alarm clock beside to
my bed reminding me of how slow time moves.  The shower relaxed me a bit, but I
still feel as if I am lost; searching for some undefined meaning.  I shake my
head thinking to myself 'This is silly, you are a grown woman, just because you
haven't spoken to Him in two days doesn't mean its the end of the world syndie',
I sigh.

	My eyes fall onto His gift to me, I light it.   Watching for a moment as
the wick burns, the flame rising.  Removing my robe, placing it on the hook on
the back of the door; collapsing onto my bed in absolute boredom.  The aroma of
eucalyptus, powerful, filling the bedroom.  The light from the candle casts an
odd duel shadow on my wall, like two lovers despairing to be closer;  I can
relate.  I miss Him .  

	Taking a deep breath, I close my eyes for what feels like an eternity. 
A chill encircles me , my nipples harden;  His scent overpowers the candle.  I
can feel Him,  His fingers tracing a thin line down my smooth skin.  His breath
warm on my face, His eyes burning into my soul.  I shiver, this can not be
imagined.  He moves deftly across my skin, scarcely touching me, I attempt to
open my eyes, realizing I am cloaked in darkness; 'the blindfold, but how?' I
think to myself, a unpretentious smirk forms on my lips.  

	The plush fabric of the blindfold feels so comforting over my tired
eyes.  I lift my arms above my head, stretching with feline elegance.  His
strong hands grip my delicate wrists, keeping me motionless as His lips press to
mine.  His tongue seeks its mate, entwining with such intensity, such reckless
desire, it bewilders me. 

	 Abruptly, he pulls away.  The dresser draw slides open, listening as he
rummages through my many intimacies.  Softly giggling at the hushed melody he is
devilishly humming.  He is close again. 

	Leather encircles my wrists; the familiarity of the cuffs intensifying
the reality.  "Master, are you really here?", I ask delicately.  The only reply
is that of the summer night breeze outside the window, whispering through the
trees.  I listen, straining for a sign.  Nothing. 



	My arms tug at the cuffs, almost expecting them not to be there anymore,
I'm confined.  My mind reels, nervously shifting on the cool sheets beneath me. 
His hands on me again, holding me at rest.  His fingers lightly kneading into my
silky thighs, parting them so gradually its not until they are spread as wide as
they can be that I even notice.   His fingers drift down my calves massaging my
freshly-shaven skin.  Bringing both feet in His hands, elevating my long legs. 
Tender lips kiss my  painted toes,  just for a moment, each one in sequence.  He
lowers them.  At once I feel the cuffs around my ankles, my breath quickens as
they are fastened. 

	Once again I speak, "Master...", a finger on my lips, so airily it
chills me; I am silent, I nod once before He removes it.  A single deep breath,
reassuring my mind and body, smiling to myself with the knowledge that He is all
I've ever needed. 

	Without warning the first drops descend onto my protruding  nipples, my
back arches high, biting my lip from the singe of the wax.  The teal wax flows
with precision; like lava from a volcano, sweeping down my breasts.  Agonizing
streaks of heat collecting in my cleavage.  Weeping silently, my entire form
milling against the sheets.  The wax descending down my flesh, ultimately
hitting my swollen clit.  I shriek; the pain isn't as bad as one might imagine,
it's strangely stimulating.  My aching pussy tenses with each magnificent drop
of the liquid fire until it halts.

	 Serenity.  I can swear I hear the wax hardening.  My skin encased, my
nipples retained in their erect condition.  My clit burning, entombed as well. 
The warmth of my juices dripping down towards my ass.  Groaning, writhing on the
bed, longing for His touch.

	His footsteps are nothing more than a whisper, encircling the bed.  His
fingers sharply grasp my hair, guiding my head , pressing His glorious cockhead
to my lips.  I capture Him eagerly; as if His pulsating shaft holds the cure to
my anguish.  Tightly wrapping my hair around His wrist, demanding me to take all
of Him.  My lips locked taut , my throat muscles contracting around Him.   My
drenched pussy virtually screaming in envy as my ravenous mouth feasts.  The
throbbing in His veins quicken, feeling every beat of His heart on my lashing
tongue as He glides upon it. Just when I think He will allow me His essence, His
cock is ripped from my mouth; leaving me whimpering from the loss.

	Agonizing moments pass, unbearable quiet.  Blindly searching for Him,
wishing I could see His face.  He's there;  rubbing His divine cock over my
soaking slit.  I can feel my wetness depositing on His head.  He pushes within
my folds, penetrating me just an inch; snickering as I sob in relief.  What a
vision I must be, dried wax  layered upon my glistening skin, my limbs pulling
carelessly against my restraints, my fiery cunt clutching His cock; desperately
striving to lead Him in further.   He withdraws.

	My cries pierce the air;  blaring, obscene... my yearning apparent. 
Every orifice of my body trembles.  The blindfold flooded with tears of wanton
need.  Steadying myself, biting down on my lower lip.  Knowing He is watching
every move, understanding what He expects.  Gradually obtaining the tiny
fragment of poise that I can, I speak very softly "Please Master, please take
what is Yours, allow me to cum for you".  Tortuous silence.

	The swiftness startles me;  His solid cock submerges completely into my
deprived pussy with such a force it elevates me from the bed.   Viciously
pounding, unmerciful, deeper with each thrust.  My walls imprison Him,
quivering.  His fingers digging into my hips, dragging me fiercely onto Him as
He drives back in.  My head twisting from side to side,  lost in His love.
Ravished in the unwavering passion.  His words, scarcely distinguishable "Cum
little one, cum for your Master".

	My indebted moan permeates the air, my hips gyrate whorishly.   His
fingers loosening, permitting me the movement.  My pussy spasms, setting free
the lust He has created.    A brutal climax surpassing, any definition.   A
abrupt warmth fills my convulsing hole,  wildly screaming as He bestows on me
His release.   His dripping body decorates  mine; both of us panting.  His
strong fingers rake lovingly through my hair.  His lips tenderly joined to mine,
becoming as  one.   I'm lost in Him

	My eyelids flutter, blinking to adapt to the light of the room.  Wearily
turning my head to the left, to the right; He's disappeared, gone.  I bring my
arms down in a panic, staring at my wrists; no marks, on either side.  I sit up,
gazing down at my ankles; they too are unfettered. Glancing down to my bare
breasts, not a trace of wax to be found.   Looking around the room, everything
is how it should be with one exception; the candle has burnt down to nothing,
still in the same place.  My mind scampers, how can this be? He was here, I know
He was.

	 The alarm clock jolts me from the confusion, I fumble for it, my eyes
widen.  Turning quickly towards the window, parting the blinds; the most
beautiful sunset is visible on the horizon , It's 6 a.m.  Bringing my hands to
my face running them up through my hair as I sigh, it was all just a dream.  I
shake my head and laugh nervously, questioning my own sense of reality.  I get
out of bed, removing my robe from its place by the door,  slipping it on.
Veering  to walk out of the room,  I step on something peculiarly soft on the
terrazzo floor. Kneeling down I'm overwhelmed.   In my hands I gather it,
holding it up, shaken.

	I don't own a blindfold.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  syndie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





