BDSM Library - House In The Woods




House In The Woods
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: His slut joins Him for an interesting encounter.
House in the woods

As Requested By Sir

 	Syndie laid back on the sofa; running her fingers through her auburn
hair and closing her eyes in thought. She really needed this evening to herself. 
Life was hectic to say the least. 

Just over an hour until she was due to meet Him and she isn't close to ready
yet.   The date was made rather quickly with Him, few directions given to her
leads her to believe that there is quite possibly more to the evening than she
can imagine. 

Her curiosity was peaked. She rises from the sofa and strips her clothing off
haphazardly on the way into the bathroom to draw a bath.  The steam  rises
quickly in the tub as it fills, her fingers swirling in the water until it is at
the desired height.

Slowly she steps in and lowers herself into the water, sighing contentedly as
the warmth envelopes her body.  Knowing she hasn't much time, she takes care to
assure her body is smooth from any hair.

Her legs perfectly shaven, her fingers delving between the lips of her cunt to
search out any stray hair that may have escaped the razor.  Her finger
absentmindedly drifts over her clit, a soft sigh escaping her lips, lingering
for just a moment; she stops.

It is not for her pleasure tonight.  Syndie's toe lifts the plug from the drain
and turns on the shower as the water empties; quickly tending to her hair. 
Wrapping  herself in her robe, she steps free.

Clothing already laid out by her bed as she sits on the edge and applies the
lotion to her skin, her fingers kneading the moisture into her calves, her
thighs, the globes of her ass.  

The clock on her bedside becoming her enemy as it continues to move forward. 
Hurriedly she dresses,  the attire for the evening pointless as she already
knows what she is supposed to be wearing when she completes His orders. 

Slipping her feet into her black strappy sandals she returns to the bathroom to
dry her hair.  The face looking back at her in the mirror begins to reveal the
person she is under the stress. 

A softness returning to her hazel eyes, a calm washing over her soul.  She is
ready for Him. 

The drive isn't so bad, it gives her time to think, to settle into the
submission that drips from her pores, as an aura itself.  A comfort not only
within herself, but with Him that oddly enough calms her better than any Xanex. 

His instructions ring in her mind as she arrives to the house by the lake. 
Walking up the path her stomach does it's usual calisthenics, not fear really,
just the excitement of the unknown.  At the door she finds the blindfold on the
knob, just as He said it would be. 

As she steps inside and glances at the surroundings for a moment her pulse races
through her veins, her ears straining for some sign that He is there. She knows
He is, she can feel Him there, watching, somewhere in the darkness. 

Syndie removes her clothing with swiftness, folding them and placing them neatly
with her purse.  A slight shiver at the coolness of the room on her bare flesh. 
She slides the leather blindfold over her eyes and secures it behind her head.  

Her fingers lace over the blindfold in back as she carefully moves into the
kitchen. Using her memory, she takes a few steps in and feels the table against
her thighs. 

As per His instructions, she side steps, making sure her knees are parted at
shoulder length  before she bends forward, laying her chest against the table. 

Her breasts pressing against the cool wood collecting an instant reaction from
her nipples as they harden.

She remains quiet, settling into her position and aware of the moisture that's
already building between her spread legs from the anticipation alone.   The
silence inside the house is almost as deafening as the tree frogs singing their
nighttime chorus outside.

 Suddenly, a creak of a floorboard causes her breath to catch.  In an instant
she feels His hand wrapping in her hair and jarring her neck back.  His breath
warm on her skin as He sneers " good slut".  

His free hand roaming up her her left thigh and over the softness of her ass;
caressing her cheek firmly.  It is all she can do to remain still as He kneads
the globe of her ass harshly before moving to its twin. 

The grip on her hair is released and she rests her head back down;  His
fingertips exploring her flesh like a connoisseur.  A slight shiver courses down
her spine as a single fingertip lowers and moves over her slit. A movement in
her legs warrants the next sensation.

The strike across her ass rocks her forward into the table, the grip once again
in her hair as He growls "Greedy again are we cunt?", another strike and
another. 

The crimson glow of her ass illuminating to her even within her darkness; the
heat searing into her skin ; yet even now, wetness shamelessly glistens upon her
upper thighs.

Her voice breathless as she voices her apologies , " Forgive me Sir".  With that
a chuckle as He sets her hair free once more.  Then silence.	

Time seemingly stands still as she strains in her position.  Hands remaining
clasped behind her head, her nipples achingly hard against the hard wood table, 
her legs tiring just a bit. 

Soft whispers reaching her ears must be a figment of her imagination.  Syndie
sighs quietly as He returns, His bare skin against the back of her legs; His
cock against her marked cheeks.

" Tell me what You are thinking now slut", He says as His hands grab hold of her
shoulders, lifting her up and back down again.  She moans and takes a deep
breath , " I... i'm a bit excited Sir, and confused.  May i ask if  we are
alone?".  

His laugh was mostly devilish as He responds, "excited little one? what excites
you? and No, you may not ask".  Another strike to her ass sends her skin
rippling as she desperately tries to hold her ground. 

Through her whimper she replies, "Yes Sir,  You haven't requested this of me
before Sir, and the anticipation is what excites me". His hips tilt, pressing
His cock between her cheeks as He pulls her back, " Ah, yes.  Anticipation can
be a very exciting thing".  

Her moans fall freely from her lips, her body threatening to betray her as she
tries to remain still.  He continues grinding against her from behind, His nails
raking down her back to her ass, parting her cheeks. Syndie groans as a
fingertip probes against her tight dark hole, her own nails digging into own
hands.  Perhaps it was the sound of her enjoyment, or just a point in His plan;
either way He moves back and His touch is gone.

"Knees now!", His voice boomed .  She slides backwards takes a step away from
the table and falls to her knees.  Keeping her head lowered, her hands still in
their place,  her ass resting against her heeled sandals.  

A brush of His hand against her cheek as she turns and kisses His palm tenderly. 
"Tell me, tell me what you are syndie".  She straightens her posture and firmly
states, " I am Your slut, Your whore, Your cunt"; swearing she could hear a
snicker from behind her.

"Good girl, and what do You want?, why are you here my slut?", He asks again
from in front of her.  Her head tilts upwards, still lost in the darkness of the
blindfold, " i want to serve You, to learn from you, to please You.  i am here
to please You Sir, i am here for Your use". 

His lips press down onto hers, His tongue forceful in her mouth as hers meets
it; the kiss breaking almost as soon as it starts.  " Oh and you will my little
whore, you will". 

Syndie's mind realize with a rush of emotions; pride, anticipation, doubt,
hunger, need.  Desperately hoping she can be what He wishes, hoping she can
please Him.  The next sensation causing her to visibly shudder; hands,  not two
hands, but four!

The two in front of her kneading cruelly into her breasts as the other two match
the intensity on her ass.  Her head lolling from side to side with pleasure, the
only sound at all is her own moans.  Knowing she is safe with Him the fear of
the unknown isn't there, just the confusion.

'Is it His touch on my breasts?, no, surely He is now behind me'.  The questions
running through her mind are shortly answered as the insistence bares against
her lips.

The very first taste assures her of who is where, it is His cock teasing her
mouth.  His grip in her hair as He thrusts Himself into her mouth, holding her
still against Him as her throat adjusts and begins sucking diligently. 

The strange hands behind her drift over her ass, pressing a thumb against her
asshole as a finger slides deeply into her sopping wet cunt; yet not a sound
from this person is heard. 

He guides her mouth on His cock with lightening speed until she picks it up
herself.  Her mouth dripping with saliva, bathing Him as she moves quickly,
sucking Him as she has learned pleases Him. 

Her own walls clenching around the strange fingers twisting inside of her cunt
and ass.

The sounds of pleasure falling from His lips assuring her she is doing well as
her lips tighten around the base of His cock and suckle His hard cock into her
throat, gagging at times.

" Don't you cum syndie, i can see you are close, don't you fucking cum until i
do slut!".  The words alone cover her skin with goosebumps, fighting back the
urge until her hunger is netted. 

The fingers making it increasingly difficult physically as her mind fights to
focus on only Him. 
	
Syndie shakes her head wildly, her moans turning into pure growls of need as she
tastes the precum mixing within her mouth.  Her motion intensifies, moving
swiftly and evenly as His hands pull in her hair; fucking her mouth savagely.

 A sharp pain shoots from within her cunt as the stranger adds another finger,
tearing into her with the same force as her mouth is raped.  Her scream lost
within herself as He stiffens and shoots His load into her mouth. 

She struggles to swallow it, still held tightly against His, her tongue
massaging the underside of His shaft as she gains control and drinks from Him. 
Her tongue tenderly bathing Him as He slowly pulls back and pets her hair.

" Good girl, i think you have earned your release, you may cum....... NOW!", He
demanded.  The fingers tearing into her holes increased the force, twisting and
plunging deeper into her cunt as she cried out with a primitive growl.

Her back arching as her walls released her creamy heat over them. Her ass
tightening almost painfully around its intruder as well.   Her body spasming
with wild abandon as her orgasm consumed her; grasping at His legs with tears
streaming from under the blindfold. 

Her breath ragged and worn as she manages to speak, "thank You Sir, oh thank
You".  The stranger eases out of her body as He caresses her face. 

For what seemed like hours, she knelt before Him, showering His legs with kisses
as her senses came slowly back to her.  He reached down and removed her
blindfold, bringing her to her feet.  His arms wrapping around her as they
kissed. 

His eyes sparking to her as He smiled and said "Good girl, i think it's time for 
a swim".  She followed Him outside onto the deck shakily and looked around, just
in time to see the car pulling out of the drive.

He called to her once  more "Coming slut?".  She smiled and ran her fingers
through her hair, "yes Sir". 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  syndie


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





