BDSM Library - Story of SlvJenn




Story of SlvJenn
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A real life account of my experiance and meeting my Master. A long introduction is offset by later tie ins and a climactic end to chapter 4.
//:: Story written by slvjenn@hotmail.com
//:: Copyright maintained by the author
//:: Posting of this story by anyone other than the author will result in the
offender's ISP
//:: being contacted with a cease and desists order.
//:: If you like the story please send encouragement to the above email address.
It's
//:: always nice to know people are actually reading your work.


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Background


	I've wanted to write a story for a long time. I've actually started on a
few, but never gotten around to finishing them. Lets hope I do better with this
one.

	To follow along, this story is mostly true with a few things changed to
just help readability. It starts in the past and will end in the present. I
guess that will allow for future chapters as they take place J.




++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter One The Meeting

	Master and I met at a bar, but he didn't exactly "pick me up" as we were
both with mutual friends. It was all so natural. We just started talking. There
was no pressure, and it never seemed like he was hitting on me at all. Though in
retrospect I suppose he was.

	The night was over all to fast and he was leaving with his friends and I
was leaving with mine. Of course the second we got in the car, I got the usual
grilling. "So, what did you think?" "You were aweful chatty tonight." "Did you
get his number?" I laughed and blushed.

	I didn't get his number though, and I did like him. I avoided the
questions pretty well and after getting home I laid awake thinking about him. I
guess being that this is the type of story that it is, I'll include the fact
that my fingers found their way under the waistline of my panties. I came with
images of him in my head.

	The next day at work my mind wandered and it seemed like a very long
day. Finally around four a friend (Kim) called inviting me back out that night.
Of course, I never would usually go out on a Tuesday, but I couldn't say no
today and miss a chance to spend another night getting to know the person who
had been occupying my head all that day.

	Now, the last 45 minutes of work would be REALLY long. What would I
wear? What would I wear UNDER it? Would I let him see what I wore under it if he
tried to find out? Would he even be there? If he was what would we talk about?
If he wasn't, then what would I do?

	It was finally 5 O'clock I practically raced out of my building. I don't
recall the hour drive home. I was in the shower, and thoughts of masturbating
entered my head. I resisted though, convincing myself that some pent up sexual
energy would be good tonight. In my towel I flicked through the clothes in my
closet. "No, no, no...no...maybe." One outfit half thrown on the bed, then
another, and another. In all I think there were 5 I was considering.

	I tried each on, glancing at the clock the cable company conveniently
placed in their box after each one. He was only wearing jeans and a t-shirt last
night. I didn't want to over do it. It wasn't summer yet but I thought I could
get away with a white spaghetti string pullover that showed my belly. Now I
needed a strapless bra though or it would look kinda tacky. I decided against a
skirt and for a pair of jeans that had a nice low cut waistline and was form
fitting down to the knees where it flared out into sort of a bell-bottom.

	Underwear could now be decided on. I found a white strapless bra that
looked good enough for a guy to see should it come to that. Panties were a
little more difficult. These jeans would show lines if I didn't wear thongs, but
I hate thongs so I tried to avoid them. After trying on 3 pairs of bikini briefs
and examining my ass in the mirror I resigned the fact that I had no choice.
Thongs had to be worn. I decided that white was the way to go with the white
bra, and also I suppose to seem more innocent. (should things go that far)

	Comcast's gift said it was past seven; Kim was picking me up at 7:30. No
time to eat, and I didn't want to chance getting anything on my shirt anyway. I
was nervous; I reapplied some deodorant, and put on my favorite perfume. I
checked my teeth just to be sure, and used some Scope.  I checked Comcast again.

	Now I was waiting, the worst part of any date. But this wasn't really a
date was it? No, I was just going out with some friends. I didn't even know if
they guy would be there. I looked in the mirror again. I check my ass, no
underwear lines. I smiled at that. I looked out the window down to the street. I
opened the refrigerator. I looked inside. I closed it. I opened the cabinet. I
closed it. Finally I heard a horn.

	I ran into the bathroom and checked my face and teeth again. I put some
powder on my face even though I loathe makeup. I bit my lower then upper lip to
get a little extra blood flowing into them. He might be in the car after all.

	The car's horn sounded again as I walked downstairs. My platform style
shoes wouldn't allow me to even attempt to run. I took a deep breath as I opened
the front door of my building. The car was there and only Kim inside of it. I
walked out to the car and she greeted me.

	"Well?" I asked looking over at her as she pressed on the gas pedal.
"Well what?" she asked back with a huge grin on her face.
	I faked a giggle as I blushed and asked my question again, "Is he going
to be there?"
	Kim was laughing now, "Would I have even invited you on a Tuesday night
if he wasn't going to be?"
	"I guess not" I let out through my smile.
	"Am I dressed ok?" I asked.
	"Sure, he'll be talking to your chest all night."
	"Well if he does you don't have to invite me next time." I told her.
	"And if he doesn't?" she asked half joking.
	"If he doesn't, then we'll just hope that he's the one doing the
inviting."

	We were in the parking lot, and I suddenly felt over dressed for a
Tuesday night. We slowly walked toward the bar together, crossing the street
then toward the door. My heart began to thump in my chest. The first 2 minutes
would be the most awkward.

	We walked in, the guys were already there and Kim and Shawn met half way
between the bar and the door, first hugging then a quick peck on each other's
lips. The man I was there to meet looked me up and down. I didn't mind, I wanted
him to look, as long as it didn't turn into an uncomfortable stare. I smiled at
him and he smiled back. He ordered hard lemonade for me without asking what I
wanted. I suppose that would have put off some women, but I wasn't.

	I walked up to the bar grasping the drink. I thanked him while smiling.
He smiled back and nodded. There was nothing to really watch on the TV tonight,
and Shawn and Kim were obviously not going to help us get into any conversation.

	He grabbed a few dollar bills off the bar and asked if I wanted to help
him pick some songs on the jukebox. I smiled as I nodded and started following
him to the rear of the bar. The bills were fed into the machine and we picked 9
songs. All were rock, and we agreed easily on each one.

	Once back at the bar conversation was a little easier. We talked about
music for a while, then sports. I love baseball and can talk about the Yankees
all day long. From baseball we moved to work, from work to schools. We started
with high school then to college, from there we talked about friends, and ex boy
and girlfriends. That led the conversation to sex.

	It was my fault really. I knew it as soon as I had said it. No matter
how I phrase it, if I'm honest I just can't avoid people wanting to know more.
One of my ex-boyfriends and I broke up on fairly bad terms all revolving around
sex.

	He wanted to know if the guy just sucked in bed, or what the story was.
He seemed concerned. I was on my third hard lemonade and excused myself to the
bathroom. I grabbed Kim and we walked to the rear of the bar. I wanted to look
back and see if he was watching me walk away, but resisted the temptation until
I made the turn into the door. He was looking, that was a good sign.

	Kim was asking a million questions. I barely heard her. My mind was on
what I'd tell him about my sexual habits. I usually don't broach the subject
until much later. Maybe I should just tell him that I'm not comfortable talking
about it right now. That's what I'd do, but I just hope it doesn't make him
uncomfortable.

	After a short chat with Kim we headed back to the bar. I sat next to the
new interest in my life and took a deep breath as quietly as possible. I looked
at him, and he looked back as if waiting for me to say something. I smiled
uncomfortably and took a sip of my drink.

	"Look, if you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. It's no big
deal." He said finally.

	Now I felt even more obligated to tell him the truth, but I really
didn't want to yet. "Lets just say that he didn't meet my sexual needs, and he
took it very personally." I ended up telling him.

	He quickly changed the subject to lighter things. The uncomfortable 5
minutes were forgotten and we laughed at each other's stories for another hour.
Kim was nudging me, saying that we had to go after this drink. I relayed the
information down the bar.

	This was the moment of truth, would he make arrangements to see me again
or not? He surprised me by excusing himself, and heading out the door. I was
confused. Kim shrugged.

	He was back within a minute though. He was carrying a cell phone. I was
really confused, but tried to just look casual.

	"OK, here is the plan." He said.
	"We'll go out to dinner or something tomorrow night, I'll call you on
here to confirm." He handed me the cellphone.
	He broke out a more detailed explanation. "If everything goes to our
liking at dinner, and we want to see each other again, I'll call you again. If
we don't get along, I take the cellphone back and you never hear from me again.
When you're comfortable enough to tell me about the ex, we shouldn't need the
cell anymore. That sound good?"

	I was somewhat taken by all this. He didn't ask me out. He said we were
going out. Was he being arrogant? Was he just confident? Could he read me that
well? The cell gave a good comfort level. I wouldn't have to change my number if
he turned into a wacko after dinner tomorrow night. I liked it. New,
interesting, yeah, I defiantly liked the idea and told him so.

	The drive back to my apartment was filled with questions from Kim. I
filled her in the best I could during the 15 minute drive. She seemed satisfied
with the details I gave and she seemed happy that I'd hit it off with one of her
boyfriend's friends.

	As I walked up the stairs my new cellphone rang. It startled me at
first, but I answered it quickly.

	"Hello?"
	"Oh good, just wanted to make sure it worked" I heard from the other
end.
	"I'll talk to you tomorrow." He said before I could respond.

	I heard a click and I opened my door. After I got inside I was undressed
and in bed within minutes. It was late and I was tired. My dreams were filled
with images of him, always standing over me.




++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 2 The Date


	Work was hell. The day dragged as I looked forward to the dinner that
was planned. I thought about where we'd go, what I should order, if I should
offer to split the check, who would drive, and if I wanted him to see my
bedroom.

	The day was finally over and I was half way home when the cellphone
rang. I answered while fumbling it.

	"Where are you?" he asked.
	"On my way home from work." I told him.
	"Yeah, but where?" he retorted.
	"Umm, just coming up to 14a on the Turnpike." I said as I watched a
plane landing.
	"You get off at 15W right?" he asked.
	"Yup" I said, trying to sound playful.
	"Cool, park in the Kmart parking lot then, I'm picking up a PS2 game,
I'll meet you out front." He said, with little worry that I'd not be willing.
	"Umm, Kmart?" I said unsure.
	"Yeah, I didn't take your phone number, what would make you think I'd
want to know where you live? When you feel comfortable you'll show me."
	"OK" I smiled, "makes sense."

	We hung up and in 20 minutes I was waiting for him outside of Kmart. I
felt pretty strange standing out there. I was dressed for work. Wearing a plain
gray business jacket with a matching skirt, and a white blouse.

	He came out of the store holding a small bag. Major League 2001 he told
me. He must have been coming home from work too, he was wearing a polo shirt
with khaki pants and Kenneth Cole shoes. My personal favorite. I'm sure he saw
me looking him up and down, but I didn't mind.

	"My car is over here" he guided me in the right direction.

	He opened the door for me, then closed it once I was seated. We drove
into the next town, taking the main street, which took longer than taking the
back highway. He turned down a small street I had never been down before. We
went about 2 blocks and pulled into a parking lot. I had never seen this place
before, but lived only about 3 minutes away. It was an Italian place, with an
empty bar, and mostly empty seats.

	It's Wednesday, you can't even get a reservation on the weekends I was
told. I smiled and nodded as I was led to my seat. I looked over the menu
already knowing I wasn't ready to eat.

	A bottle of wine was being ordered. A blush. I like wine but don't know
much about it and am always afraid to ask.

	"Know what you want yet?" I was being asked. Something about the night
seemed surreal for some reason. 
	"No" I answered. "To be honest I'm not even really that hungry yet."
	"Oh, you don't eat dinner this early I guess. I like my dinner right
after work, that way the rest of the night is mine." He told me.

	We sat in an oddly comfortable silence for a few minutes. It was only
our first "real" date, but somehow I felt so at ease with this guy. He seemed to
just reek of trustworthiness. I decided to take a leap of faith.

	"I want to tell you what happened between me and my ex, before this goes
any further." I said, then quickly sipped my wine.
	"OK" was all he said.

	I fished in my purse for my cigarettes. I never considered myself a
smoker, but recently it seems I've had more and more excuses to light up.
Tonight it was extreme nervousness, bordering on fear.

	I leaned closer to him, then looked around. No one seemed to be in
earshot.

	"This is going to be very difficult to tell you, I've only recently
admitted it to myself, and the first man I told hated me for it."
	"Well I don't know you well enough to hate you for anything, so don't
worry about that." He told me in a reassuring voice.
	"Well, I get bored in bed very easily." I sipped "I mean I need" I felt
myself blushing "more than just normal sex."
	He smiled, "Well what exactly does more mean?"
	I sipped again, took a drag of the cigarette. "Well, for example
blindfolds are nice. It's fun to not quite be sure of what is gonna happen
next."
	He smiled the biggest smile I've seen on him up till now. "That isn't so
bad, anything else?"
	He wanted more, I was hot, almost sweating. "Well, my arms tied to the
bedposts while I'm blindfolded is good too."
	"That sounds like it would take a lot of trust in your partner, wouldn't
it?" he asked.
	"Well yeah, I guess that is part of the excitement."

	We talked back and forth for a while about this, he had a lot of
questions, but he made sure not to make any of them vulgar. A lot revolved
around trust, and how I decided if I could trust a guy enough to let him tie me
up. The waiter was back, and then sent away, still without our orders. He asked
some more questions, changed the subject a few times, but seemingly only to let
things sink in, then coming back to the topic at hand.

	He had taken this much better than my ex. I guess that it's better to
find out what your potential girlfriend likes before the fact than it is to find
out that she doesn't like anything you've done since you started sleeping with
her.

	Then it was there. The question I was fearing. "What else?"

	"What else?" I asked back.
	"Yeah, What else? I don't think he'd have freaked out just cause you
like a little pepper on your food."
	An interesting way to put it I thought. "Well how much do you know about
the entire subject?" I asked.
	"I know enough I guess." He told me.
	"Well, I'd rather not go into details here, and now, but yes, pepper is
good, so is oregano, and crushed red pepper. But I guess if you scale it like
that, I'd probably be happier with ground red pepper, lots of Tabasco chili
peppers, and anything else that might burn your tongue."
	"I see." Was all he said.

	The waiter was back again, and this time we were ready. He ordered the
backed manicotti and said that he recommends it highly as their best dish. I
decided to take his advice and go against my always on a diet status.

	By the time we ordered it was after 7, by the time our dinners arrived
it was 8. Before 9 I was carrying my doggy bag out to his car.

	Conversation had been light throughout dinner. I wasn't sure if he was
mad, just thinking, or what. When we got in the car he asked me to come back to
his apartment. I was assured it was to just talk, and maybe play a game of
baseball. He pointed to the disk successfully trying to be cute.

	I agreed, but as soon as I did he told me that he wanted to know more
about my sexual habits.
	"It'll be easier to talk about in a place where no one can overhear us."
He assured me.

	He lived in the next town over, one more town further away from my
apartment and my car. We took the back highway and were there in less than 10
minutes. He showed me in and asked if a coke was ok. It was an soon I had a
glass of it in front of me. The ice mellowed the sweetness and I took a sip. He
excused himself to his bedroom and came out with a pair of sweatpants and a gray
t-shirt in his hands.

	Pointing at a door he said, "If you wanna change, the bathroom is right
there. I need to get outta my work clothes. I'll be right back." He handed me
the clothes.

	This is the oddest first date I've ever had. I wasn't sure what to do. I
was uncomfortable in my work clothes, but I wasn't sure I'd feel any better in
HIS clothes. I had just met him after all. I decided that what he gave me wasn't
threatening, and felt fairly sure it was done out of thoughtfulness not had no
malicious intent. I went into the bathroom and changed. It felt good to get my
stockings off.

	When I came out his bedroom door was open and I could see him sitting at
a desk. He motioned for me to come in. Still carrying my work clothes I stood
next to him. He was getting on the web.

	He looked at me, "Oh, want a hanger for those?"
	"Umm, no it's ok."
	"Well here." He said with his arms reaching for the clothes.

	He got up and put them on a chair. He told me to sit in front of the PC
and show him some websites that have the kind of things I like. He said it so
casually, but it embarrassed me anyway. He told me that he wanted to learn about
what I was talking about. He said that it sounded very interesting. I knew then
that this really could go someplace.

	After a few minutes on Altavista and Google, I found a site that I had
bookmarked at home. I pointed, then got up, he started reading.

	I looked around his bedroom. His apartment was much bigger than mine,
and it was more than obvious only a man lived here. It was neat, but just
overbearingly masculine.  He was reading, I wandered around and found my coke, I
took a sip of it. He must have realized I was getting bored and asked if I
wanted to try out the baseball game. "get some practice in before I play him" as
he put it.

	I opened the game and loaded it up. I sat on his bed and started a game.
I of course was the Yankees. It was the third inning, the bases were loaded on
Roger Clemins when he turned around to ask if I was submissive, or just liked
bedroom games. I paused the game.

	I stuttered back that I was submissive. He only nodded then went back to
reading. In the bottom of the fourth inning he asked if I was a masochist. I
replied that I was not, that I haven't found any pain to be pleasurable. Again
he nodded and went back to reading. In the top of the sixth, he asked if we
could try a few things.

	This I had to consider carefully. He obviously had no experience, and I
surely couldn't know I'd be safe. He must have seen my uncertainty, and he
promised to not lay a hand on me, not in a nice way, never mind a not-so-nice
way.

	I nodded, but told him that if he makes me feel threatened that I'd be
out of their in a heartbeat. I also reminded him how fast my heart was beating.
He agreed that if I felt like I was in danger I could stop it at any time for
any reason without objection.

	"OK, well it says that submissives often like to show their submission
by kneeling for their masters. Is that true for you?" he asked.
	"It is to some degree. I'm not a big fan of kneeling, it hurts my knees
after a short time."
	"OK, that's fine then, come kneel next to me as I read."
	I gulped down the pasty saliva in my mouth and stood up. I walked slowly
to the side of his chair. He watched me intently. I looked down at the floor but
my eyes also found their way to his crotch where I noticed a larger than normal
bulge. I slowly dropped down to my knees. I sat back on my heels with my knees
together and back straight, just as my childhood friend had showed me while at
her traditional Japanese dinner table.

	He went back to his reading. My knees began to ache. It wasn't from the
pressure of the floor, that didn't bother me, my own skin seemed to be too tight
to let blood through to my feet. It just couldn't pass my bent knees. I began to
wiggle a little, trying not to let him notice. He did after only another minute.

	"you can move around if you want, you can even sit if you like, just
stay on the floor there next to me." He told me just before I was about to
scream from the pain.
	"Thanks." I said with relief.
	"From now on call me Sir" he said, "It says here Sir or Master is
usually appropriate. I don't think we're ready for master yet though."

	I was getting turned on. I'd never met someone like this before. I'd had
"masters" before, at munches and so on. But I guess since none of those people
meant anything to me, it just wasn't as intense. Did this mean that this guy
meant something to me?

	I alternated sitting, kneeling upright, kneeling back on my heels for
another 20 minutes as he read. I watched as he went from site to site,
bookmarking some, reading some here and there, and quickly discarding the ones
that were poorly disguised porn sites.

	"OK, we have to talk" he said suddenly.
	"OK" I said back unsure of what was next.

	"Get up, lets go sit at the kitchen table or something." He said
courtly.

	At the kitchen table we sat, he thought for a minute, then said, "OK, it
looks like this kind of thing really requires people to be honest and upfront.
That is pretty scary, it isn't often that after a first date you tell the person
how you think you really feel. You kinda push it back some, let things develop.
See where they lead and lie to each other to protect yourself. You put yourself
on the line by telling me that you like this. You trusted me with information
that I assume that you don't tell everyone about. So I'll put myself on the line
this time I'll lay out my thoughts the best I can."

	I could only nod, I wasn't sure if I should say anything or just let him
continue. He seemed to be on a roll.

	"You're awesome, you like sports, you can hang out at a bar, then be
totally at home in an elegant restaurant. You seem very nice, and I couldn't get
Shawn to tell me anything bad about you. I want to know more about what lies in
that complicated head of yours. I want to see you again. I don't think I want to
not see you."

	The only thing that went through my head was, "WOW" he wasn't shittin
when he said he was gonna lay it out.

	"It's almost 11:30 so, I could either take you home, and we can let this
hang and build until we see each other again, or what I'd rather, we could both
call out tomorrow and promise to trust each other with our thoughts for the next
24 hours. What do you think?"

	Fear, excitement, and arousal pored through my body. They all swept over
me like a thick fog. He smiled nervously across the table as I sat there. I must
have had a dazed look on my face because he asked me if I was OK. I nodded and
sat there for another long 10 seconds before I said anything.

	"I think I agree, I'd like to spend some time together and really get to
know you. I think I'd really like that." I said all this thinking that I was
agreeing to sleep with him. I had no idea what he really had in mind.

	He let out a sigh, he seemed relieved that I didn't humiliate him by
saying I wanted to get home. He must have figured that the mood needed
lightening because he turned the conversation to baseball, and his new game. We
went in and played a game that he won.

	After the game he turned the TV, the game, and the PC off. He turned on
all the lights, which I thought was odd, I was expecting a kiss leading to more.

	He had other ideas. He sat on the foot of the bed, then told me to kneel
down in front of him. I moved to do so thinking that he was going to be telling
me to go down on him. It wasn't a scene I like to happen that way, but since he
was just beginning, and trying to figure this out I wouldn't hold it against him
as I might someone who knew more.

	"OK, I want you to talk to me, tell me everything that you like, I have
a feeling it's a lot more than you've said so far."

	Kneeling, I swallowed hard, it would have been easier to go down on him.
	"I don't know everything that I like, I've never had a real opportunity
to find out. I've only had very limited experience. I know that I like to be
told what to do, how to do it. I know that I really liked it last night when you
ordered the drink for me. I know I liked it when you told me to kneel down next
to you while you were reading. This will be hard, give me a minute." I swallowed
again. I kneeled there thinking. How would I say this? "I think that somehow I
like to be humiliated."

	He nodded understandingly. He looked at me intently. "Humiliated how? He
asked.

	"I don't know for sure, I mean you can humiliate in a lot of ways, I
mean if you say, 'honey please go down on me' that isn't humiliating at all, but
if you say 'get on your knees and give me a blow job' it takes some humility to
not lash out in argument."

	He just stared nodding once in a while.

	"Telling a friend about something intimate with me standing there could
be humiliating, and so could walking down the street with you holding my leash."

	"That is something that you crave for?" He asked.
	"Yes sir, I think that might be the biggest part." I told him honestly.
	"Is there anything that you want to ask me?" he said.
	"No sir, I'm ok right now."
	"Do you want to try something now? Or would you rather wait?" he wanted
to know.
	"I'd be willing to do something now sir." I answered.
	"OK, good, get undressed, then kneel down again.

	I think I almost fainted. Everything seemed to go white. I didn't move
for a minute, or what seemed like a minute, maybe it was only seconds. Then I
slowly got up, and stood in front of this man whom I've only known for 2 days. I
lifted his shirt over my head, showing my plain white bra. I looked at him for
approval. He nodded and I reached behind my back and unclasped it. I slowly
brought the straps down off my shoulder to my arms, and let it fall to the
floor.

	He smiled at me and nodded again. I tried to smile back through my beet
red face. I don't think it really came through.

	"Are you ok?" he asked.
	I could only nod at this point.

	I pushed the waistband lower, alternating left and right side, trying to
get some kind of sexiness out of my clumsy striping.  I let them fall to the
floor and stepped out of them. I wanted to touch my breasts or something, dance
or move in some way, standing there was killing me. I didn't do anything though.
I just pulled my bikini style plain cotton white panties down to my ankles. I
slipped them off and kicked the pile to the side.

	It worked, I was humiliated through and through. It wasn't bad enough to
strip in front of him, but I had to do it badly. What a shmuck I am. I got back
down on my knees but wouldn't look away from the floor.

	"You did great" He reassured me. "Did that turn you on?"
	"Yes Sir, I was loathe to admit.
	"Good, I'm glad you enjoyed it." He said with a grin ear to ear.
	"We left our sodas in the kitchen, why don't you go grab them." He gave
me my first go fetch order.
	"Yes Sir" I said getting to my feet.

	I walked into the kitchen noticing that all the shades in the house were
open, I didn't think anyone was looking, but should they try, they would have a
clear view of me walking around in my birthday suit.

	"How do you feel about name calling" I heard him shout from the other
room.
	"I'm not sure" I yelled back as I walked back to his bedroom.

	I wanted to be good at something tonight, I placed his soda on the
nearest flat surface to him. I gave him a little curtsey, I wasn't sure why I
did it. I then knelt in front of him with my soda in my hands.

	"OK, well I think I like name calling. I think it fits a lot of things
you like, so we'll go with it. From now on you can refer to me as Sir or Master,
nothing else, to no one else, except in business or family. Friends we'll take
on a case by case basis, we'll slowly let them know about you as we think they
can deal with it. You don't HAVE to call me master, I don't expect it until we
both feel that I am actually a master, but you'll call me sir to show your
submission and you place. Understand?"

	"I understand sir." I said, "But if we continue along these lines, I'll
be calling you master by the end of the night. It isn't a title about your
skill, but of your place. I am willing to do as you say. Whatever that might
be."

	I almost didn't believe myself. I knew I liked to submit, but I've never
talked like that before

	He started laying rules down again, "Your name will vary, it might be
whore one minute, cunt another, and sweety, or honey the next minute." He
continued, "I need more time to read and I need to see how good of a housekeeper
you are. So while I research you go see what you can find to clean. It's late,
so no vacume. Start with the bathroom or kitchen I guess."

	He kept his place pretty clean, it didn't take much to get it looking
nice. I spent an hour on the two rooms before I heard him calling me. I walked
quickly into his bedroom.

	"Yes sir?" I said when I got there.
	"I'm getting pretty tired. How about you?" he asked.
	"Yeah, I'm about out of gas I think." I told him.
	"You horny?" he asked almost shyly.
	I nodded slowly unsure of myself.
	"Me too" He replied.
	"Let me see you masturbate." He told me.
	I looked at him quizzically.
	"Masturbate, it's not that difficult of a concept. Reach between your
legs and stick your finger in." he said somewhat harshly.
	"Uhh..Yes Sir" came out of my mouth before my mind registered the
gravity of the situation.

	My hand was between my legs they were spread slightly apart. My middle
finger split my inner lips apart releasing the lubricating juices that had been
building all night. It was like a damn that couldn't hold back the water anymore
as my hand was practically washed over with my own lubrication.

	I'd never been so wet before. I almost forgot about him staring at me as
I pushed my finger into my vagina. I pulled my finger out, running it up toward
my clit, teasing it, circling it. I looked up at him; I could see a hard-on
under his pants. I let my finger brush against my clit and my knees almost gave
out as a wave of pleasure washed through me. A moan escaped from my throat, much
louder than I expected, I was usually very quiet, especially while masturbating.
My loud moans continued and they would have embarrassed me if it didn't all feel
so good. I pushed my finger back into myself, moving it slowly in and out. My
face contorted and I couldn't look very attractive with my hand between my legs,
my mouth open and the right side of my face crunched up.

	I looked with my eyes back up at him. "Please tell me when to come
Master." I said without any real thought process. I had always fantasized about
a man telling me when to and not to come.

	He made eye contact quickly, I guess surprised at my wording. He nodded
as he watched. I used my free hand to play with my nipple while rubbing my
clitoris faster and faster. I was close now, I could come at a seconds notice,
but I had to slow it down if I was going to wait for him to give me the command.
I slowed my pace and pushed my finger back and forth slowly, bringing it inside,
then dragging it up and over my clit, then back down and in, repeating this over
and over, wanting to come so badly. With each graze of my clit my left knee got
weaker. I think I was leaning back now, lewdly exposing my pussy to him.

	I looked at him with pleading in my eyes.
	"Go faster" he said.

	I ran my finger over my clit again and again, going faster as he
demanded. Moaning, loudly now. I couldn't help it and it seemed the quieter I
tried to be the louder the moans were.

	"Oooohh, Ohhh, Ohhh" I moaned.

	"Make circles on your clit, as fast as you can." He told me.
	"I'll come master, I won't be able to stop myself." I pleaded.
	"Then I guess I'll have to come up with my first punishment for you,
won't I? He said through a smile. "Maybe if you ask nicely to have your orgasm
I'll let you." If I was thinking clearly at the time I would have been surprised
at how fast he picked this up.

	"Pleeeease master, please let me come." I managed to say between throaty
sounds.

	I was fingering my clit furiously. I was in agony, I needed to come, I
wouldn't be able to stop myself for much longer.

	"Pleease master, I beg you I need to come now, please let me pleeeease."
I pleaded again.
	"Then moan louder, I want the neighbors to hear you" he almost
whispered.

	I let out a cry, the loudest sexual sound I had ever made. It surprised
me, almost as if I'd wanted to let it out the whole time, but something in me
needed permission to make it ok.

	My knees were tingling now, numb, it seemed as if the blood couldn't
flow to all the body parts that wanted it in such an excited state. I'd never
masturbated like this before. It was never this intense. I had never wanted an
orgasm so badly.

"Tell me what you would think of a girl you heard about, who on a first date
stood naked in front of him masturbating."
"I'd prolly think she was a slut sir." I said without even a pause.
"Well if that's what you think you are, call yourself that. I want to hear you
say it" He said.
"I'm a slut sir! Please let me come. Please I know I'm a slut, but please let me
come." I would say anything at this point to be allowed to have an orgasm.
"Then come you slut, CUM then!" he yelled.

It was explosive, and it knocked me to my knees. I came almost the second he
said the word, I could hear him calling me dirty names, and with every one it
made it more intense. I was letting out screams that had never been freed
before. I sounded like an animal in heat. I felt like such a whore. I still
heard him calling me a slut, and telling me to rub my cunt; I pinched my nipple
and a screaming moan came out of my slut mouth. I thought of it being filled
with his cock and that brought on yet another wave of the orgasm. I moaned again
and again, with each noise I felt lower and lower. I really was a slut. We
weren't just saying it now, it wasn't just name calling now, it was the truth.
This was the longest most powerful orgasm I'd ever had, but it was almost over,
it was passing, but my heart was still pounding so fast it felt like it would
explode. One last moan escaped from my throat and it was over. I was on the
floor of a man who suddenly seemed like such a stranger. I felt a tear welling
up in my eye and a lump forming in my throat. I was going to cry.

"Come here sweetie, crawl over to me."

I crawled the few feet to him, and he wrapped his arms around me. "I've never
seen anything so sexy in all my life." He whispered in my ear. "You are the most
beautiful and arousing woman I've ever met." He held me tightly, and rocked me
until I stopped crying. "It's ok, It's ok." He kept saying. All of a sudden he
was so nice, so understanding and protective. It felt so good to be in his arms.
I knelt there naked, wet with my own juices with my arms wrapped around his
waist. I didn't understand how I could feel so safe yet vulnerable at the same
time. I think it was at this point it clicked someplace in my head that I would
do anything this man told me to.

I felt better; I never expected that kind of reaction from myself. I'd always
wanted something like that, and when I finally got it, it almost crushed me. He
was still holding me. I wished that he'd kiss me. We haven't even had our first
kiss yet.

"You ok now?" he asked in the kindest voice I ever heard.
"Yeah, I think so." I sniffled.
"OK, I need to go to the bathroom." He said.
I smiled and looked at his crotch, "don't you think you should get rid of that
first master?"
"That was my plan in the bathroom." He said with a sheepish smile.
"May I get rid of it for you master?" I asked sincerely wanting to.
He smiled, and nodded.

He had to stand up to get his sweats off, but he sat back down as I slipped his
fully erect cock into my mouth. I wanted to tease him for a while, show him that
I could give a good blow job, but he came so fast I didn't expect it. I felt hot
streams hitting the back of my throat, he was pushing my head down, gently
though, more of encouragement than force. I pushed my face down and swallowed
him down. I sucked at him as he twitched in my mouth and throat. When he stopped
I looked up, keeping the tip of his cock in my mouth. I heard that guys like to
see their cocks in women's mouths.

He looked down on me, he looked almost sad. He apologized for coming so quickly.
He started to explain how he'd been hard for 4 hours and once he felt me on him
he just exploded.

I looked at him and explained how he never needs to make an excuse or give me a
reason. I explained how after tonight I am his slave, to do with he wants, to
treat how he wants, to use how he wants. I couldn't believe my own words.

We didn't move for a while, I was kneeling and for the first time it didn't
bother me. Eventually he lifted my head up by my chin and kissed me deeply,
softly, so tender, so nice. 

That was two years ago. There are so many other stories to tell. I can't wait to
get them all down on paper so I read them when I'm alone and horny.




++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter 3 Time for Bed

	After a long time of me kneeling between his legs and us holding each
other he told me to let him stand up. I backed up a little, but stayed at my
knees. His Comcast box said it was just after 3am. "Lets get to bed" he said as
he took his shirt off.

	He excused himself and I heard the shower turn on in the bathroom. I
wasn't sure what to do. I decided the right thing to do would be to just stay
where he left me. I knelt there letting my thoughts run through my head. What a
night, I never expected it to end like this. I never in a million years thought
I'd be kneeling naked on his bedroom rug.

	I heard him coming into the room but my back was to the doorway. I
waited for him to say something. Eventually, after hearing him get into bed he
told me to join him. I got into the bed next to him and looked at him. I wanted
him inside of me so badly. He kissed my on my forehead and said goodnight. It
was disappointing, but I rolled over and closed my eyes.

	He slid up against me and put his arms around me. It felt good to be in
his arms again. I felt his hard-on against my ass. He asked how he did. He
wanted me to critique him. I couldn't, I was too emotional at that point. I only
said that he did wonderfully but to ask me again in the morning for a better
opinion.

	His hand found and cupped my breast. Then he started circling my nipple
with his finger. I wondered how long he'd torment me. I rolled my head toward
him and let him kiss me. His hand wandered between my legs as I lifted my right
knee up to give him access. He whispered to me, telling me that he wanted to be
inside of me. He was asking if it was OK.

	I wanted him more than he could possibly want me. Why did I feel like
I'd do anything he asked? Why was this all happening so fast?


	"I told you master, I am yours, all of me. You asked for 24 hours. Don't
feel like you need my permission for anything for that time." I heard my
submissive self saying.

	With that he was guiding his cock into me. It felt so good as it filled
me. I moaned louder than he expected. I liked to be spooned, but at that point
I'd have rather of been pounded. This was better than nothing though, at least I
had him in me.

	"MMMmmm, you're so tight around my cock." He whispered into my ear. "How
does that feel?" He asked.

	"Ahhh, you feel good inside of me Master." I groaned.

	He slipped in and out of me slowly for the next 10 minutes, Just holding
me, kissing my neck and ears. I arched my back and let out moans so he knew I
was enjoying it. He pulled me close to him then rolled me on top. Now I was
laying on my back, but on top of him.

	I reached back holding his head in my arm, as he told me to masturbate.
He rocked his hips slowly moving me onto him more, then less. My legs straddled
him and I tried to keep some weight off of him so he could move better. It
seemed to work and I moaned louder.

	After a few minutes he rolled me off of him then pulled out of me. He
positioned himself above me as I spread my legs for him. He was on his hands and
knees above me as he smiled down at me. This was the first time the use of a
condom entered my mind. I wasn't about to say it out loud though. His hands
found mine and pressed them above my head on the pillow. "Don't make another
sound my little slut." He whispered into my ear.

	As he began to fuck me I wondered if that's all this would end up being.
Was I just getting fucked? Would I hear from him again or was this just a
one-night stand? He was going slow, pushing in deep, but gently, it felt so
good. It was dark, I could barely see him, but I watched his face as he moved
his hips.

	"Bring your knees up to your chest so I can fuck you better." He told
me.

	As soon as I did he pulled out of me and pressed my knees down
painfully. He looked down at my grossly exposed pussy and smiled. "I'm surprised
a little slut like you feels so tight."

	He was back on top of me, his cock pressed inside, he moved fast now. He
wasn't touching my clit this way, I felt more than ever he was just fucking me
because he could and not because he wanted to. "Would you try to stop me if I
tried to fuck your ass?" he asked me.

	I thought for a minute and felt a tear roll down the side of my face; I
shook my head no. I hated anal; it hurt so badly. I was committed to forcing
myself to let him do what he wanted though. I'd not back out on myself.

	"You're serious aren't you, you'll really let me do anything I want.
You'll do anything I say won't you?" he only half said as a question.

	"Yes Master." Slipped out before I even thought.
	"Ut-Oh, weren't you supposed to keep your mouth shut?" he asked
jokingly.
	I nodded as another tear feel down the side of my face.

	He started to pound me. It was about time, I had been waiting for this.
It didn't feel very good, but I know guys like it. I tried to press my knees
together to make it tighter for him, but he was still pressing them against my
chest so it was difficult.

	He pulled out of me, he slid his knees under my ass almost inverting me.
He began to cum and helped himself along with his hand. He shot himself in my
hair and on my face. I kept my mouth open trying to catch some. I got one stream
in.

	He rolled off of me and lay there. I let my legs go straight but didn't
move other than that. I felt tears poring out of one eye while his Cum was in
the other. He rolled over to face me after a minute. He told me how sexy I
looked lying there with his come in my hair and on my face. He told me I wasn't
a slut, that I was HIS slut, and that it was totally different. He told me to
stop crying.

	I put my head on his arm and shoulder, I couldn't stop crying, but he
kept saying nice things until I fell asleep.




++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Chapter Four The Morning After

	I woke up feeling something touching my lips. I thought he was kissing
me and I puckered my lips and kissed them back. As soon as I did that I realized
it wasn't his lips at all, but his hard cock. I guess it was instinctive,
because I opened my mouth and it was inside. I tasted myself on him from the
night before. I was tired; it must have been pretty early.

	He must have been in a bad position, because he maneuvered me so my head
was on a pillow against the headboard. He straddled my head and pushed his cock
down my throat. I gagged but he didn't stop. I pressed my lips together the best
I could, but I was gagging more than anything else. My arms started to flail
around and he caught them and held them against the headboard. I couldn't
breath; every time he pushed in he triggered my gag reflex. I started to shake
my head, trying to make him stop. He realized that it wasn't that I didn't want
to do this but that I couldn't. He pulled himself out of my throat and mouth.

	"I'm sorry Master. I couldn't breath. I was gagging too much, you're too
big for that position." I said really fast hoping he wouldn't be too mad.
	"Who told you that you could speak?" he scolded.

	My right eye seemed to be pasted shut from the now dry cum. I rubbed it
feeling the crust falling away.

	"Awe, you looked so cute with one eye glued shut with my cum." He joked.
	"Come finish what you started." He demanded.

	I sat up next to him, then leaned down and took him back into my mouth.
I circled my tongue around his head and sucked at the tip. I licked down the
side and then wrapped my lips around the base, sucking and moving my tongue back
and forth as I moved my mouth back to the head. I took him in, and began to move
my mouth up and down his shaft.

	He was rubbing the back of my head. I gently grabbed his balls with one
hand massaging them as I sucked. He gently pressed my head down, then pulled it
back up by my hair. I let him set the pace

	"When I Cum, don't swallow it ok. I want to see it in your mouth." He
told me "I'll be there soon."

	I felt his cock get rock hard and I knew he was about to cum. He started
pushing and pulling my head up and down faster and I sucked as hard as I could.
As soon as he was done he ordered me on my knees in front of the bed. Once I was
there I was told to open my mouth so he could see it. Once I did that he told me
to let it leak out the sides like drewl.

	I did as I was told, letting it leak out the corners of my mouth. At
first it sat on my chin, hanging there disgustingly. Then as more leaked out it
fell and hit my breasts, running over them down to my belly. I let the rest fall
out of my mouth and my chin was covered in semen mixed with saliva. He called me
his cum covered slut.

	Comcast said it was 7:30. We slept for less than 4 hours. No wonder I
was so tired. I had to call out of work by 8 if that was the plan. I had to pee
too.

	"Master, I'm sorry for speaking, but I need to pee, and then call out of
work." I got up the courage to say.
	"OK, no problem, you can talk as much as you want now. Go ahead, you
know where the bathroom is, just leave the door open. There is a phone here and
in the living room. Wherever you prefer to use it." He told me.

	I got to my feet and went to the bathroom. It turn out to be much more
difficult to pee with the door open than it sounded. It took me a good 5 minutes
of sitting there before it came out.

	I came out of the bathroom to see Master cooking breakfast. The
apartment smelled like bacon and he had eggs on the counter. I picked up the
phone and called work. No one was there yet, but I left a voicemail for my
manager.

	We ate breakfast and I cleaned up the table and counter as he called out
of work. The cum was almost dry on my tits and stomach now. I felt gross.

	"We should go get your car, I didn't plan on you leaving it there all
night. Why don't you grab a shower and we'll go pick it up." He told me.

	It was great to get in the shower, I felt so rejuvenated. His shower was
even masculine he only had Irish spring soap, and Salon Selectives shampoo. I
didn't see any conditioner. After the shower I dried off and put the towel back
on the rack. I walked out to his living room as I had entered the bathroom,
naked. It was almost feeling comfortable now. He didn't stare or do anything
else to make me uncomfortable; it was as if he'd been seeing me naked for
months.

	He handed me the sweats I had worn for a short time the night before and
I put them on without my bra or panties as he got in the shower. He was fast and
was out of the shower before I knew it. He got dressed and we headed out the
door carrying my clothes.

	We got my car and I invited him to follow me to my place. Once there I
asked him to come up. We got inside and he looked around a little. I asked if he
wanted me wearing his clothes all day or if I should get into some of my own. He
told me he'd like to see me in a short kilt type skirt with a white shirt to go
with it. I thought I could come up with something like that, even though it was
horribly out of style. As I went to my bedroom he raised his voice so I could
hear him between rooms. "No underwear though."

	I found the skirt that seemed shorter than I had remembered, and the
blouse that seemed thinner than I remembered. I slipped into both and looked in
the mirror. My areola was fairly visible through the thin material and the skirt
didn't even reach half way down my thigh.

	He looked at me as I entered the kitchen and smiled, "You look good.
Lift up your skirt so I can make sure you don't have underwear on."

	I did as I was told, but all of a sudden I was shy to have him looking
at my naked body under it. I found that odd since I had been walking around his
apartment naked for the past 8 hours or so. I'm sure he noticed my
embarrassment, my face felt hot. He smiled once he confirmed that there were no
panties.

	"So, where are we off to?" I asked.
	"Well, while I'm thinking about it, I still need to punish you for
speaking when you weren't supposed to last night and this morning. What do you
think a proper punishment would be?" He asked me.

	I surely didn't want to come up with my own punishment and had to think.
What should I say? If it was too light in his opinion, he might make me come up
with something else, that could end up being much worse than he'd think of. I
was stuck.

	"I don't know Master, a spanking maybe?" I offered
	"That sounds good, how many spanks do you think you deserve for twice
disobeying your master?" he asked.
	"Umm, 3 for each time sir? I said hopefully.
	"Well don't you think that the second one should get you more than the
first infraction?" he retorted
	"I guess so sir." I said in defeat.

	He moved to the living room and sat on the couch. "Lay across my knees
ass up" he demanded.

	I did as I was told after following him in. I found that I made him
angry by not lifting my skirt though and had to repeat the action of positioning
myself on his knees.

	After lifting my skirt and lying across his knees my ass was up in the
air fully exposed to him. He raised his arm and smacked his hand across both
cheeks of my ass.

	SMACK "Bad Girl!" he said timing the B with the smack.

	He paused a second then repeated the action four more times. Each slap
seemed slightly harder than the last. My ass felt hot and it was beginning to
really sting. I felt myself getting wet.

	SMACK
	SMACK
	SMACK
	SMACK
	SMACK

	Each timed saying, "Bad, Bad, Bad, Bad, Bad girl."

	He paused again and asked me to tell him why I was being punished. I
told him the reason, only to hear him ask me if I thought I should be punished
for not lifting my skirt the first time. I could only say that I should be, not
really believing it since he didn't tell me to do that. I was so horny from
this, I didn't understand. I never liked pain before and this was really
starting to hurt.

	He was really hitting hard now, calling me a bad slut. The slapping
sound echoed in my ears as much as it stung my ass. I wondered if he knew how
much this was turning me on. I think I started to cry again but my face was in
the couch cushion so I couldn't feel the tears.

	"How many was that?" he asked
	"I'm not sure sir, a lot, I lost count." I thought it was 15 but it
could have been 14 if he was trying to trick me. I wasn't 100% sure.
	"Well damn-it, I didn't count either. I think that means we have to
start over." He said with obvious glee in his voice.
	"OK sir" was all I could think of to say.
	"Shut up, of course it's ok." He said harshly.
	"Damn this hurts my hand though, we'll have to come up with a better way
to do this next time." He said through his teeth.

	He pushed my hips a little, so now I had one foot with my toes touching
the floor. I thought I felt that his knee was right against my pussy with my
partially spread legs. He told me to count them out loud.

	"One" I said through the pain.
	"Two" I said as my pussy pushed into his knee.
	"Three" I said through my sobbing.

	I felt his knee rise up more, pressing against my pussy even more. It
was torturous.

	"Four"
	"Five"
	"Six"

	If he went fast enough I think I could actually cum. My mind was a
wreck. I didn't know if I was up or down. What if I did come, would he get mad?
Did I want to come from this? A spanking?

	"Seven, Eight, Nine, Ten." Came in quick succession. I thought I was
about to come, but he paused.

	How could I cum from a spanking? It didn't make sense, I hated myself
for being turned on by this.
	"Eleven, Twelve, Thirteen, Fourteen F I F T E E N" really hurt. And I
sobbed as he struck me.

	"You like this don't you," he said teasing me.
	"No sir" I said through my sobs.
	"How come you pussy is glistening then? You look wet to me." He said to
my humiliation.
	"OK, in any case, five more for you not lifting your skirt." He told me.

	He was hitting harder than I'd ever been hit before now, but it barely
hurt, it all seemed to go through my ass directly to my clit. I was so confused.

	"Count them." He scolded.
	"One" I said.

	"One? Oh, OK, I didn't know you wanted to start over." He said laughing.
	"Sir!! No! I meant one for the skirt. It's number 16 total." I yelled
horrified.
	"So I'm wrong? We aren't starting over?" He said.
	I knew there was no correct answer. No way to get out of this riddle. I
didn't say anything.

	SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK

	"You SMACK  stupid SMACK  fucking SMACK  cunt SMACK, you can't even
SMACK count to 20." SMACK.

	The words pierced through me like a dagger.

	"How many are we up to now you stupid cunt?" he said maliciously.
	Crying like a baby now, "I don't know Master."
	"You don't know...Well, I guess we just keep going, your ass is looking
bruised, it's gonna hurt when this is over."

	He leaned down to my ear and asked me if I was ok, and if I wanted him
to stop or keep going. I told him that he could do what he wanted with me. I
told him that I was his to treat as he wanted.

	SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK

	Fire on my ass, it hurt so badly now but now I wanted to keep going
until I came. Why in God's name do I like this? What is wrong with me?

	"Tell me why you are getting this spanking," he demanded.
	"Sir, I'm getting this spanking because I was a bad girl, I spoke when I
wasn't supposed to and I didn't lift my skirt up properly when you were going to
punish me for it." I said sobbing the whole time.

	"How many times have you been spanked so far?" he wanted to know.
	"Master, I have no idea, please." I begged.
	"Well I hope you figure it out soon. My hand hurts almost as bad as your
ass looks. It's starting to get purple." He told me.

	I began to wonder if he was just going to keep spanking me until I came.
Was that the plan or was it something else. As he started to spank me again, I
pushed my pussy against the side of his knee, grinding it in rhythm with the hot
shots of pain to my ass.

	SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK I started to wreathe as the orgasm went
through me. He whispered in my ear as he continued to spank me. Calling me a
whore, how he'd never met a whore who would come from getting a spanking.

	SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK SMACK, the orgasm intensified with the bright
pain being applied to my ass.

	"STAND UP!" he shouted while I was still in my orgasm

	I managed to get up, weak legged and still partially convulsing. He made
me bend over at the waist and hit me once more before I felt him push his cock
into me. It stung as his hips slapped against my tender flesh. He held me by my
hips and pulled me toward him as he thrust forward. I was cumming again. He was
there shortly after, pulling out and coming on my ass. Even the ropes of cum
hurt as they hit my hot skin. He pushed me to the floor when he was done. I half
sat, half laid there crying as he fixed himself.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  SlvJenn


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





