BDSM Library - Truth Be Told




Truth Be Told
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mom and Dad find a way to introduce teenage daughter to training with bdsm friends.  Will she ever know the truth of her parents' deception?
	Truth Be Told
	
	by Chum
	cloooless1@yahoo.com
	
	Chapter One
	
	My body ached in unfamiliar places as I struggled to leave sleep behind. 
Vague images wafted through my consciousness.  Mom and dad bringing hot cocoa to
my bedroom, how odd at my age.  Was it a dream?  The cocoa tasted funny, and
when I tried to comment about it words seemed to come out in slow motion.  And
then I couldn't talk at all, or even move.  Mom and dad were above me, their
faces out of focus.  My nightie was up under my armpits and hands were rubbing
me all over, even my boobies.  Momma's voice sounded like an echo, "We'll need
to use some removal cream on this pubic hair.  She'll really be a turn on
without it.  Look at that sweet little face, mommy's innocent baby is in for
some big surprises." 
	Their laughter echoed and then I felt a gentle hand squeezing my breast,
the size and shape of a large pear.  Dad said, "She may have the body of a ten
year old boy, but she's got a set of tits that sit up and beg to be played with.
Damn, the combination makes my balls ache.  I wish we'd insisted on running the
training ourselves."
	Mom interrupted, "Dear, we've been all through this a dozen times. 
Remember what Ed said about it, how much goodwill we would lose with the rest of
our little club if we were in charge of her training?  Would you want to have
some teenaged boy or girl's parents supervising when you were giving their first
whipping.  If she responds well to training we will tell her the truth at some
appropriate time.  If she doesn't, we can let her go on believing that we were
all victims of an abduction by a group of sadistic fiends.  So what if it means
we have to be subs until her training is finished?  All things considered,
you've got to agree she'll have the best chance to turn out the way we want if
she thinks we are all in the same boat as a family.  And besides, when they work
on us in front of her, think of all she can learn from watching how we react. 
Anyway, it will be fun for the group to carry out the scene, and especially for
us in pretending to be broken in as new slaves."




	Chapter Two
	
	  It had to have been a dream, these apparitions talking and touching
this way could not be my mom and dad, and like a dream the memory faded as I
slowly rose to the conscious world. 
	There were voices, but I was too concerned with my body to focus on what
was being said.  My wrists and shoulders hurt.  Awareness crept in as my eyes
fluttered open, and I realized my wrists were surrounded by leather and fastened
above my head.  My feet were on the floor, and it finally dawned on me that I
could relieve the pain by standing.  This put slack in chain attaching the
leather cuffs above my head to a post behind my back.  Once upright, I looked
down and was puzzled to see that somehow I had come to be dressed in a
cheerleader outfit, white sweater, blue pleated skirt, folded down white socks
and white sneakers.
	
	My heart started beating like crazy as I began to look around.  Sitting
on couches a few feet in front of me were four couples.  The four men were all
good looking, the oldest maybe fifty.  The women looked mostly younger, none
older than about forty.  All of them were dressed in ways that sent a shock
through me.  The men were all nearly naked, wearing only skimpy black leather
thongs and black leather motorcycle type boots.
	The women were attired in complicated harness rigs that strapped around
their breasts in ways that left their fleshy mounds exposed.  One of them had
really big mammaries on a small but voluptuous body.  The straps lifted her
breasts and set them out from her rib cage in a way Mother Nature and Father
Time would never have countenanced. Another woman was tall and slender, with
pert breasts that were nicely shaped, yet small enough to need no support.  From
the looks of her well toned body she probably jogged miles every day and could
survive without a jogging bra.  The third woman was maybe five foot two and dark
haired, with one of those compact figures that bulge in all the right places
without being fat.  On the contrary, all was firmness and tone, including a pair
of tits with large, dark brown aureole and nipples that defied gravity by
carrying their substantial weight thrust straight ahead without need of support. 
The fourth lady was medium height with red hair and a classic hourglass figure. 
Without the unnatural lift of the harness, her soft globes would have relocated
a bit lower against her ribs, but would still have been quite alluring.
	All wore black mini skirts so short their denuded nether lips were
visible a good part of the time, and each wore black spike heeled pumps on their
bare feet.
	All four of the women were gorgeous in different ways, though none was
prettier than my mother who has been described as Nordic Goddess.  Mom was
blonde like me and bore a striking resemblance to the model Cindy Crawford, only
mom had bigger breasts.
	Behind the couches stood a giant black man wearing only a bulging red
satin thong.  He was built like a Mr. Universe.  Beside him stood a female
counterpart wearing a red satin bikini top that barely covered the nipples of
her firm breasts, with a matching red thong that disappeared up the back between
the hard muscles of her shapely buttocks.
	Turning my head to the side I felt both relief and a renewed shock of
fear.  On my right my mother was shackled with her back to a tall post, her arms
stretched above her head.  She was stark naked with her large, melon shaped
breasts thrust out and up, their pink aureole and nipples lewdly displayed.  Mom
looked shyly down and to the side, one thigh in front of the other.
	Looking to my left my heart sank to see dad naked against another post. 
I couldn't resist staring at his sex organs and was amazed at the length of his
penis as it draped down in front of his hanging scrotum.
	Seeing me awake and looking around, the room grew quiet as the others
turned their attention on me.  One of the men focused his Italian good looks on
us and said, "I am Master Ed.  You will learn the names of your other masters
and mistresses in good time, but first I will give you the rules which you must
obey.  Whether or not you ever leave the mansion will depend on how you follow
these rules and on how well you respond to your training.
	"Here are the basic rules.  First, if one of you fails, all three of you
fail.  Remember, therefore, that the fate of the other members of your family
depends on you."  I shivered, realizing that he was looking into my eyes as he
said this.
	
	"Rule number two, you will obey without question or discussion any order
you are given by anyone you encounter during your training.  Number three, you
will not speak unless spoken to.  One exception is for begging at appropriate
times. If you are being tortured, begging often adds to our enjoyment. But god
help you if you beg for no reason.  For example, if you were to be naughty
enough to interrupt me now and plead with us to let you go home, punishment
would be swift and severe.
	"Number four, you will not speak to each other out of the presence of
one of us.  Five, you will refer to anyone you meet here as master or mistress.
	"Slave Lars and slave Karen, any refusal or resistance to an order on
your part will result in severe punishment of your daughter, is that
understood?"  Mom and dad said in unison, "Yes, master."
	"Slave Kim, if you refuse an order, we shall punish whoever we decide to
at the moment..  Is that understood?"
	Stunned by my parents' tone of surrender, I answered, "Uh, uh,
yes....Yes, master."  My real feelings were all mixed up.  I was scared for
sure, and fear was by far the strongest thing.  But at the same time there was a
stirring deep in my insides that reminded me most of the feeling I got when I
played with myself.  Seeing my mother and father naked, not just in front of me,
but displayed for a room full of scantily clad people, both embarrassed and at
the same time excited me.  I knew my folks liked sex, and with the recent
awakening of my own hormones, sex fantasies had become part of my everyday life,
including some in which my dad was a featured player.  So, for a part of me the
whole scene was like one of my daydreams come to life.
	With a wave of the hand by Master Ed, the black woman stepped around the
couch, walking toward us.  Ed said, "Unlock the girl."  Up close the woman was
really pretty, but with a sort of hardness to her features which matched her
buff physique.  She towered above my five foot three height, her nearly bare
boobs in my face, and in moments my wrists were free.  She turned around to face
the seated people, taking me by one arm in a vice like grip and waiting for
further instructions.
	Ed ordered, "Step back, Mya.  Kim, we have waited long enough to see our
new toy unwrapped.  Take off your clothes, but leave your shoes and socks. 
After all, we don't wish to take away all your modesty at one time."  The others
chuckled as I blushed crimson.
	Fantasies or not, I was just plain frozen to the spot.  In a quiet, yet
menacing tone the leader said, "Remember the rules, girl, I don't give the same
order twice.  You may get away with ignoring your mamma's orders, but that was
another life."  When I still couldn't move he said, "Mya, strip her.  And for
disobedience Rufus will administer ten lashes with the cat on momma's ass."
	The giant black walked behind our posts and then came back right past
me, making a point of showing me the whip now in his hand.  The handle looked
just like a long penis.  From the end hung a number of leather cords with knots
in their tips.  He approached mother and gestured for her to turn around to face
her post.
	She looked at the whip, and while the look on her face was one of fear
she said nothing as she twisted in her wrist bindings until her naked buttocks
faced the seated men and women.  Ed ordered, "Stretch that fine ass to the whip
and spread your legs.  Now ask for the whip."
	The black stood beside my mother with his striking arm drawn back. 
Mother looked at him over her shoulder and said in a quavering voice, "Please,
master, punish me for my failure to raise my daughter properly."
	My anguish overcame my fear and I shouted, "Please don't hit her.  I'll
do what you want."
	
	"You have sinned once again," Ed interrupted, " We gave no permission
for you to speak.  You shall be allowed to take off your clothes for us, but
only because Mya will be occupied with giving your father ten blows to his ass. 
If your tits and cunt are not well displayed for our enjoyment by the tenth blow
the whipping will continue until you make a satisfactory showing."
	I glanced over to see dad bravely turning to accept his punishment on my
behalf.  "Whap," the strands spread across mother's shapely buttocks, making the
tautly stretched mounds jiggle provocatively.  "Mumph," she gasped, struggling
with her jaws tightly clenched to keep from screaming.
	Dad merely jerked, his muscles contracting against the pain as red
streaks appeared across his muscular ass cheeks.  I wanted to shout again,
wanted to tell them to hit me instead of my mom and dad.  After all, wasn't I
the one who failed to follow the rules?
	Instead, I faced the four reclining couples and reached down with both
hands to grasp the bottom of my sweater.  I heard the second blows strike on
either side as I pulled the white sweater up my body, past my bra covered
breasts, and over my head.  As the third blows struck I drew the short pleated
skirt down my thighs.  Dropping it to the floor, I stepped away, shivering with
a strange excitement as I stood wearing only a bra, white panties, shoes and
socks.  Never had I felt such attention and it gave me a queer feeling of power
despite my predicament.
	For several moments I wasn't sure I could go the rest of the way.  I
didn't even let my parents see me nude.  But this whole scene was like something
out of a dream, an imaginary play in which I was one of the stars.  The director
had ordered me to strip and a part of me wanted to play my role like an
accomplished actress.
	Unsnapping my bra, I reached in front and crossed my arms, drawing the
straps down off my shoulders.  Shrugging, the white cups slid over my over
developed boobs and the bra dropped to the floor.  My first instinct was to cup
my hands over my breasts to fend off the taunting comments I was so used to from
my schoolmates in gym class.  But I knew this wouldn't stop these perverted
people.  So instead of covering myself I quickly stripped off my panties.  I
gasping with surprise to realize that somehow the hair that had so recently
grown between my legs was gone, leaving my whole pubic area bare as a newborn. 
Using all the courage I could muster I stood up straight with my arms at my
sides, looking up to the ceiling.
	"Ten," Rufus announced in a deep rumbling voice a moment after striking
my whimpering mother's rosy ass cheeks.  A moment later Mya struck her last blow
on my dad, who had still not uttered a sound.  Mya's voice, also surprisingly
deep in tone, announced, "Ten."  I looked at my brave father, my admiration
quickly turning to confusion as I watched his hips moving forward and back with
his penis standing out like a curving sword, its root at thick as my forearm. 
Fascination overcame surprise as I stared at his hairless genitals.  His penis
was light pink, while the knob on the end was darker, with a hint of purple. 
The monstrous curving shaft was almost translucent and I could clearly see a
network of blue veins beneath the skin, some thick enough to form ridges along
the surface.
	The two blacks turned to the seated ones awaiting further instruction. 
Ed responded, "before I order the whipping to continue, little one, I will give
you one minute to display your charms in an attractive way.  Your parents have
my permission to make suggestions to you."
	I didn't want any more abuse on my account, but I didn't have a clue as
to what would please these nasty people.  Mother finally said, "Baby, listen to
momma.  Spread your legs....  No, baby, wider. . .  That's it, that's my girl. 
Now clasp your hands behind your head and pull your elbows back Show them your
beautiful titties."
	
	Blushing furiously, I followed her suggestions.  I couldn't take my eyes
off the ceiling as I felt their eyes on my lewd display.  One of the women said,
"Look at the way her nipples are getting hard, the little bitch is getting off
on teasing us."  She was partly right.  I could feel my aureole contract and
push out like little inverted tea cups, with thimble size nipples capping my
pear shaped breasts.
	"Turn mommy and daddy loose so they can show their little girl that all
is forgiven for putting them through a whipping."  Ed said this with a tone of
sarcasm, but it brought vigorous approval from the others.  The next thing I
knew mom was looking down at me with a strange look on her face.  Standing
slightly to my side so as to not block the view, she took my face in her hands
and bent down to plant a kiss on my lips.  It was no motherly kind of kiss.  Her
lips ground against mine, working my lips apart as her tongue darted out to
explore the inside of my mouth.  Her urgent passion sent shock waves coursing
through my nipples and down to tingle in my sex.
	Without releasing my mouth, her hands touched my arms in a way that
warned me to keep them up, and then she moved one hand to my butt cheek and the
other to my right breast.  As her right hand began to massage my spongy cone,
squeezing it firmly and making the nipple jut forward, my dad's big right hand
engulfed my other mound, pulling and kneading it in a way entirely different
from mother's touch.  I had never had my titties fondled by anyone.  Once I
started getting over the fact that it was my parents doing the fondling, I began
to notice how good it felt, making my nipples tingle and grow hard.
	And then I felt my dad's left hand.  In a not very fatherly way his hand
slid up the inside my left thigh, then cupped my bare puss, massaging and
rubbing the sensitive mounds.  I felt my whole body stiffen, my breath coming in
little panting gasps.  Time seemed to stand still as my full attention riveted
on the feel of his hand moving between my outstretched legs.  Mother's lips
engulfed my right nipple, then sucked the turgid end of my titty into her mouth. 
Her tongue started doing delightful things as I felt dad's middle finger bending
up from the others and slipping between the wet inner lips to find the tight
entrance of my vagina.  His finger set my love channel on fire.  I moaned as my
hips rotated with a mind of their own to thrust my pussy against the insistent
finger.  First inside to one knuckle, then to the next, dad wormed his finger
into me until the tight membrane of my hymen blocked further intrusion.  Then he
sawed his finger in and out slowly, making me squirm against his clasping hand.
	All the times I had put a pillow between my legs and rubbed against it
had done nothing to prepare me for the kind of intense arousal I was feeling at
the hands of my parents.  "Oh, oh, oh," I gasped, wanting them to use my tits
and pussy harder and deeper and faster.  And then his finger slid up the tender
folds of my labia and came against the protruding shaft of my clitoris.  I heard
my dad give a little grunt of surprise as his finger explored and measured the
size of the erect little finger of pink flesh.  Though I had only vague
suspicions before that time, I was shortly to learn that my clitty was several
times bigger than most, more like a little boy's penis than a girl's clit.  This
would prove to be both a blessing and a curse.
	Dad dropped to his knees in front of my outstretched left leg, using the
fingers of both hands to separate the swollen mounds of my sex, exposing the
full length of my clit for the watchers inspection.  This was just too much for
me.  I stepped back and put my feet together, the arousal in my loins and
nipples fading. "Daddy," I said, "this isn't right for you and mom to be
touching me this way."  Even as I uttered the words a part of me wished I hadn't
interrupted them.  I was all confused, my body wanting one thing, but my mind
telling me I would be the worst kind of slut if I didn't put up a fight against
being treated as some kind of sex toy.
	
	"Silence." Ed roared, "What say the group, is it time to begin teaching
the little bitch obedience?"  The other three men and four women quickly agreed
as the huge black couple stood passively.  I guess they didn't have a right to
vote.  "Then I think we should begin her training in the playroom."  Ed stood as
he said this, quickly followed by the others.  Rufus and Mya put leather cuffs
on my folks and me, binding our wrists in front of us with short lengths of
chain attached to rings on the sides of the cuffs.  With Mya leading, her whip
now carried casually in her hand, we were ushered out of the room to follow the
four couples.  Rufus was close behind us, also with whip in hand.  After going
down a long hall we arrived at a heavy door.  Ed and the others had already
passed through, and as we went through the door I could see a staircase leading
down to another heavy open door.
	



	Chapter Three
	
	Mom and dad seemed strangely unaffected by the sight of the room at the
bottom.  I wasn't very sophisticated about such things, but even I knew a
dungeon when I saw one.  The room was huge, with a high beamed ceiling, stone
block walls, and burgundy colored tile underfoot.  All around the walls were
racks festooned with evil looking implements, from a wide array of whips of
various types and sizes, to leather strap like things, clamps, poles of
different length and thickness, some shaped just like a man's penis, while some
had bumps, ridges, spikes, screw threads and other shapes which made me cringe
in fear.  I was sure that somehow these things were suppose to go inside a
woman's vagina and they looked sure to cause great pain in the process.
	There were evil looking contraptions of various shapes and sizes
scattered around the dungeon, all adorned with straps and chains, and mixed in
with these were chairs, padded benches and other furnishings. 
	The massive door was shut and locked behind us.  Rufus guarded us and
Mya walked over to the wall on the left where the men and women were casually
divesting themselves of any article of clothing which covered their genitals,
leaving the men wearing only black boots, while the women were left with only
their breast harnesses and high heels.  The one who looked like a runner and the
short one with the compact body even took off their harnesses, their tits
continuing to stand out nicely without assistance.
	After being given instructions, Mya returned to us, moving us further
into the room where two saw horse like wooden things were located.  Near these
were four chairs.  The four men, all sporting frightening looking genital
organs, took up residence in these chairs and watched as Rufus and Mya took me
by the arms and led me to one of the horses.  I stood at one end of the narrow
thing as they uncuffed my wrists, only to cuff them again behind me.  A thick
leather collar with a metal D ring at the back was strapped around my neck, and
then they joined the collar with the chain between my wrist cuffs with a cord of
some kind.  They cinched the cord in a way that pulled my wrists up my back,
forcing my hands painfully up between my shoulder blades and pulling my head
back.
	My shoulders hurt from the way my arms were wrenched up behind me, but I
quickly turned my attention to their next move as I felt both of them grabbing
the ends of my titties.  They pinched and twisted them roughly until I could
feel the nubbins pointing hard from my pear shaped breasts.  A moment later I
cried out in pain as something hard and metallic bit into my right nipple, and
before I could recover from the surprise of that assault, a second clamp mashed
my other nipple.
	My tender nipples radiated a charge of electricity down my belly and
into my crotch as they forced me down on my stomach over the end of the horse
till my breasts hung down on either side of the narrow board that ran between
the two ends of the horse.  Fortunately the narrow board was wrapped with a thin
padded leather cover which provided some minimal cushioning. 
	
	The tension between my neck collar and wrists kept my head up so that I
was looking forward at the other horse.  It rested cross wise to the one I was
on.  I heard them attaching a chain between the clamps on my nipples and I
realized that this would prevent me from trying to stand up.
	The possibility of standing up grew more distant when they took my legs,
spread them far apart, then strapped my thighs on the outside of the legs.  They
attached another set of straps just above my ankles lower down on the horse's
legs.  This left my feet just off the floor, and I felt like an obscenely
displayed frog with my wide open ass and pussy thrust out over the end of the
saw horse.  I had never felt so mortified in my life as three of the men and all
the four women came close to inspect me, rubbing and pinching me and making all
sorts of lewd comments.  I felt goose bumps all over when they started rubbing
and poking around my rectum and then my spread vaginal crease, one of them even
inserting a finger into my moist opening and sliding it up to bump against my
maidenhead.  A woman's voice said, "Yep, she's still got her little cherry. 
Won't this be fun?"
	"And look at that little penis sticking out and begging for attention,"
another one said as she pinched my exposed clit between her fingers, making me
gasp as she gave it a quick twist.
	I was panting with nervous tension when they lost interest in me to
watch Rufus and Mya forcing my mother down on her knees, facing me with her back
against the middle of the other horse.  They pulled her arms over the board,
tying her wrist cuffs with a piece of rope to a ring bolted in the floor beneath
the horse.  They took up the slack and then pulled down hard until the back of
mother's shoulders were forced up nearly on top of the board, pushing her
breasts out and pointing her nipples almost toward the ceiling.  Her feet were
on the floor and her legs bowed like a gymnast doing a back bend.  She could do
nothing to hide her genitals as they finished by cuffing her ankles to the legs
of the horse, pulling her feet still further apart, leaving her arched back over
the wooden bar. 
	"Just right for a good tit whipping," one of the men enthused.
	Ed and the other three men resumed their seats.  The horses were at the
right angle to their  chairs so as to have a good view of both our wide open sex
organss.  He said, "This time we punish mother and daughter for the girl's
disobedience.  You ladies get to do the honors, and the whipping shall continue
until Lars makes all four of us come.  We surmise that he would rather be the
one getting whipped than to suck our dicks in front of his little girl.  Good,
that will make his performance all the more satisfying for us.  I warn you,
slave, that the whipping will continue till you get all four of us off, and if
you even think about refusing we will start the persuasion process by hanging
your bitches by their wide spread ankles, bind them belly to belly and whip
their cunts and assholes till you obey. "
	I was looking straight into my mother's gaping and wet genitals as she
raised her head enough to look at me between her upthrust breasts.  It was hard
to read her expression, but somehow I knew in my guts that she was aroused and
eager for them to begin. 
	And begin they did.  Each of the four women approached us carrying whips
with a number of tails hanging from the end of their foot long leather handles. 
Two women went to either side of my mother, taking care not to block the men's
view.  The other two stood on either side of my rear.
	
	The straining collar around my neck kept me from looking back at them,
and I jerked involuntarily when I felt the strands of the whips brushing over
the cheeks of my ass.  The thongs moved toward my sex, tickling against my puffy
mounds and trailing up to tease the tight little bud of my anus.  Goose bumps
again covered my body as I watched the other women giving mom the same treatment
over her big upthrusting melons, then down her stretching belly to trail between
her widespread cunt lips.  Mother quivered and began moaning softly, her hard
nipples and the growing wetness of her pink slash making her arousal obvious.
	Turning my head as far as the collar would allow and looking out the
corner of my eyes I could see my dad getting on his knees in front of Ed.  Dad
held out his wrists, and after a moment's hesitation Ed nodded to Rufus, who
came over and removed the short chain between the cuffs.  Dad moved forward on
his knees as Ed spread his thighs apart.  Reaching down, dad grasped Ed's limp
member with his right hand, and with his left hand he cupped Ed's ball sack,
kneading the loose skin and making the two eggs move between his fingers.  He
gripped the shaft of Ed's manhood, and I watched in fascination, almost
forgetting the arousing touch of the thongs running lightly over my ass and
pussy, as Ed's penis grew longer and much bigger around, looking as rigid as a
tree trunk.
	My stomach did a flip flop, a chill running up my spine when dad lowered
his face and began licking the back side of the rigid cock meat. 
	Just then I heard a loud "splat," followed by a sharp intake of breath. 
My head jerked forward to see mom's left breast bouncing from the force of the
whip strands that were pulling away from the bottom surface of her tender mound,
leaving faint pink lines against the milky whiteness of her skin.  I had little
time to sympathize with mom's plight, however, as my right butt cheek exploded
in fiery pain.  Unlike mom, I screamed out a mixture of agony and surprise.  It
had been years since I had even been spanked by either of my parents, and the
shock of being treated this way by naked strangers suffused my whole body with
outraged indignity.
	Forgetting the chain between my nipple clamps, I tried to lever myself
up from the horse, yelping in pain as the chain hit the underside of the board,
causing the clamps on each nipple to pull my fleshy mounds into distorted cones
and sending a jolt of electric agony from the tortured tips of my breasts. 
Defeated in my attempt to move, I nonetheless gave vent to my anger by shouting,
"You can't do this to me.  I'll make sure you are all arrested and put in jail
if you don't let me-I mean let us go this instant."
	"Gag the little bitch and whip the shit out of both of them," Ed
shouted.
	In moments I felt hands gripping my head and pulling it back so hard
that my mouth gaped open, unable to resist the hard plastic ball they forced
between my teeth, then strapped in place with a leather thong which they tied
behind my head.  While the women attending me were doing this, I watched in
horror as the other two sadistic women laid into my mother's tits, lashing their
tops and bottoms with rapid, vicious stroked.  Mother finally screamed when they
targeted her protruding nipples.
	Then my tormentors moved beside my head to show me the new equipment
they intended to use on me.  In place of the light stranded whips, they now held
mean looking straps attached to wooden handles.  The straps were maybe three
feet long and two inches across, looking like a man's leather belt.  After
grinning like predators at my wide eyed look of fear, they moved behind me and a
moment later I felt my right buttocks compress under the impact of one of the
belts.  The shear viciousness of the blow was as shocking as the agonizing fire
in my violated flesh.  I exhaled a bellowing scream, only to have it choked off
by the ball filling my mouth, making it come out as a muffled squeak that seemed
to amuse the four couples.  My attempt at a scream had barely subsided when the
next blow landed with equal force against my left ass cheek, renewing my futile
efforts to rattle their eardrums with my pain and indignation.
	
	Jerking my head around expecting to see my dad fighting to save us from
this torture, my heart sunk in despair to see him still on his knees in the
humiliating act of bobbing his head up and down over the rigid pole of flesh,
taking it to the back of his throat and then sliding up till only the head was
between his lips, then plunging back down to once again engulf six inches or
more of the rod into his throat.  Dad seemed interested in giving Ed a blow job
than in the plight of his own family.
	Ed's hips were thrusting up to meet dad's mouth, and Ed started to groan
and jerk as he looked back and forth between mother and me, obviously savoring
the sight of our abused flesh, wreathing bodies and pain contorted faces. 
Suddenly Ed grabbed my dad's hair in one hand, pulling his mouth off his cock. 
He held dad's head inches above the jerking member as he stroked himself with
his other hand.  In moments a geyser of milky white stuff shot out the tip of
his penis, splattering my dad's face.  A second spurt followed the first, and
then a third and forth.  When his emissions finally died down to a pulsing ooze
my dad's face was streaked with sticky man juice from forehead to chin, some of
it dripping onto the carpet.
	Ed ordered my dad to wash his face in a nearby bathroom, telling him to
hurry back so he could clean the rest of the cum from his twitching cock. 
Docile and compliant in a way that shocked me almost as much as the pain of the
incessant beating of my behind, dad disappeared for a few moments only to resume
his subservient place above Ed's crotch.  Holding the shrinking staff in his
fingers, he used his lips and tongue to lick and suck the sticky residue until
the head and shaft were free of cum.  Then dad moved, shuffling on his knees,
and began giving the next man the same cock sucking treatment, as the whipping
of mother's tits and my ass continued.
	Looking back at mother, I was amazed to see glistening pussy juice
flowing from her gaping and swollen genitals, so plentiful that it ran down the
crack of her ass and dripped onto the floor beneath her.  They were steadily
lashing her nipples, making her mounds quiver and bounce as she moaned and
thrashed her head from side to side, whipping her long blonde hair about her
shoulders.
	As it finally dawned on me that mother was not just suffering the pain
of her whipping, but was being somehow transformed by it, the fire across my own
buttocks begin to take on a new dimension.  I became aware that another kind of
heat had spread into my sex organs, suffusing my whole pelvic area with a
glowing need.
	And then I understood where this could take me as I watched in awe, the
impact of the straps against me ass going almost unnoticed, as mother's lusty
moans suddenly transformed into screams of ecstacy.  Her body convulsed and
strained against her bindings, streams of fluid pulsing from her cunt as her
face contorted with the power of her sexual release.  She wreathed like a
trapped snake for what seemed like minutes until the women, their bodies
glistening with the sweat of exertion, finally dropped their whip arms in
exhaustion.  Suddenly the only sounds in the room were the continuing splat of
the belts against my tender rear, mother's rhythmic mewing as she panted for
breath, and the soft slurping sounds of my father's sucking.
	One of the women strapping me interrupted her stroke to say, "The little
one seems to be learning by example, look at the way she is creaming."
	"And look at the size of that clit, will ya, its big enough to jack
off," responded her companion.
	"Go ahead why don't ya, I promise I won't hit you."
	
	Fingers pinched my little shaft at the tip, then slid down to the base,
mashing the soft hood flap to reach the root of my clitoris.  Drawing back out
to the tip, then back down, then up and down again, the caressing fingers made
me gasp with passionate need.  After just a few strokes I was gurgling around
the ball in my mouth, grinding my hips in mindless desire for more.  Not just
more friction against the sensitive little shaft, but more strikes of the whip,
more hands on my body.  For the first time in my life I experienced an
overpowering need to have my body invaded.  I wanted desperately to have the
ball out of my mouth, not to scream or shout for them to quit, but to urge them
on, to beg them not to stop, to plead for them to do me harder and faster.
	My quivering arousal grew more and more intense with pulsing waves of
delicious sensation spreading from the erect cone of my clit down into my
clenching vaginal passage and through my body to tingle in my painfully squeezed
nipples, turning the pain from the nipple clamps into throbbing delight.
	I tried to talk around the gag, near delirious in my desire to urge them
on, but nothing intelligible came out.  Something powerful was approaching,
something that I instinctively knew would transport me into a new dimension of
experience.  I was afraid, but at the same time I craved what was coming with a
need so strong my sex organs took away all power of resistance, both mental and
physical.
	I wrenched my head to the side and looked at the men.  My dad was
sucking off on the fourth guy.  The first three were watching me.  I looked from
one to the next, my eyes beseeching them for I knew not what, turned on by the
lust in their eyes and wishing they would make me into a real woman.
	Ed stood up, his penis growing strong once more, bobbing and swaying as
he walked over to my mother.  Taking a whip from one of the exhausted women he
stood beside mother's torso and leaned back against the board next to her
shoulder.  Holding the whip in his left hand he reached down and cruelly twisted
the nipple on her left breast, saying, "That was quite a climax momma, but I
don't remember giving you permission to come.  It seems our women were too easy
on you.  Let's see if I can do a better job.  I'm going to whip your pretty
little bare cunt till your hubby brings Bill off, or till you come up with a
worthwhile suggestion for something we should do to your little girl that would
be more entertaining."
	He let go of her tit and transferred the whip to his right hand, raising
it high in the air and then lashing down.  The thongs curled over her pubic
bone, the tips invading the sensitive pink folds of her splayed genitals. 
Droplets of her passion juice flew in all directions as a sound like a belt
striking a puddle of water emanated from her wet gash, followed by a piercing
scream.  Twisting and flailing her head, mother took the second vicious blow
before shouting, "Rape her, fuck her virgin cunt." 
	Spat went the cords against her sex.  "Aaieeee . . . Whip her tits while
you shove your cock down her throat.  Make her daddy sink his big cock into her
womb."
	Ed laughed, lashed her cunt with three more blurring strokes and then
paused to say, "Good suggestions.  As a reward I'm only going to give you ten
more lashes."
	More measured now, he waited between blows for her cries of agony to
subside and her body to stop thrashing around.  After about the fifth blow her
gyrations ended with her hips straining up to invite the next strike, her
swollen clit eager for the taste of the whip as she moaned and gasped, "Yes, oh
god, do it to me, fuck me, ...oh yes."
	"I'll fuck you bitch," Ed spat, finishing the ten strokes with a blur of
motion, then getting down on one knee and jamming the handle of the whip deep
into mother's gaping cunt.  He took his hand away, leaving just the tails of the
whip drooping down on the floor beneath her as her hips jerked back and forth
with unfulfilled need.
	"Oh, please, let me come.  Fuck me, use the whip, use your fist, but
please don't leave me like this."
	
	Ed laughed and said, "Children first bitch.  We'll let you come, but
only after your little girl has her orgasm, and that might take awhile." 
Laughing again he finally said, "Well, boys and girls, you heard momma's
suggestions for what we should do to her little girl.  Let's not keep the little
lady waiting."
	



	Chapter Four
	
	The blacks set about untying me from the horse while the others watched
my dad swallow the fourth man's cum, then lick up the rest from his softening
member.
	Daddy seemed in a daze, reacting slowly when Ed ordered him to stand up.
He slowly rose to his feet and I looked over in amazement to see his penis
bobbing out and up like the tusk of a young elephant.  The shear size of the
thing terrified me, yet the residue of desire in my loins responded to the sight
of his incredible manhood.  I had gotten enough of a look at the other men
during their blow jobs to know that, impressive as they were, their organs were
no match for my dad's.  This gave me a perverse sort of family pride, but at the
same time I sure didn't want to have my first sexual experience with my own
father, and especially with a father built like some kind of stallion.
	They forced me onto my back over the end of a crotch high padded bench
about a foot wide.  My arms were pulled down and my wrists cuffed together under
the bench.  The bench was so short that the crack of my butt was off one end and
my head was hanging over the other end.  My legs dangled free.  My spirits rose
as the ball gag was removed from my aching jaws.
	The clamps on my nipples were suddenly pulled free.  For a moment I felt
relief, then gave out a loud yowl as scalding hot feeling surged back into the
abused nubs.  For minutes they throbbed as if each contained a little beating
heart.  The pulsing pain slowly receded to a warm glow, but I knew they would be
super sensitive for a long time.
	The two blacks led my dad to me and Ed said, "Well, daddy, this is your
lucky day.  You get the honor of giving your daughter her first fuck.  Are you
ready?" 
	The women were all giggling.  One of them reached out and grasped dad's
cock in her hand, holding it up to point at her face and said, "What do you say,
big boy, are you ready for a little incestuous intercourse?" 
	The others laughed as two of the women came beside me.  Each took one of
my legs and raised them above waist level.  Pulling my thighs apart, they looked
at my dad and one of them said, "Look at your little girl's cunt, wet and eager
for daddy's big dick."
	I had always adored my dad, but deep down my respect for him had been
tarnished by the sight of him submissively sucking off the other men, groveling
on his knees before them like a slave.  My heart soared with renewed love when
he stubbornly answered Ed, "No, I'll do whatever else you want and I'll take
your punishment, but I won't rape my precious little girl."
	"What we want," Ed mimicked him, "is for you to sink that cock of which
you are so proud all the way up your little girl's cunt, and we'll settle for
nothing less.  After all, it was your own wife's idea.  Can the rest of us help
it if her suggestion sounds so appealing?"
	Dad shook his head stubbornly.  One of the women holding my leg said,
"Let's put him on the decision maker and see how long he takes to change his
mind."
	
	There was general agreement and the blacks walked out of sight, coming
back in moments with a mechanical contraption in tow.  It was a chair like
thing, but what should have been the seat was just two round parallel tubes a
couple feet apart.  These were just about two feet above the base of the thing,
and sticking up from the base was a metal pipe, and attached to this was a
replica of a big cock and balls.  The metal shaft dropped down into a jacking
mechanism.  In front of this mechanism was a D ring anchored to the base more
than a foot away from the vertical rod.
	They forced my dad back against the narrow seat back, cuffing his wrists
behind it and pushing him down till he was squatting with a leg on the outside
of each horizontal bar, his butt poised just above the long fake penis.  Rufus
held him down by his shoulders as Mya knelt between his outspread knees and
cinched a leather thong around the base of his scrotum, pulling it tight and
making his balls hang like a punching bag beneath the constricting loop.  The
loose end of the thong hung down behind his sack.  She took this and tied it off
to the D ring in front of the base, taking up enough of the slack to make his
scrotum move forward away from his crotch and allowing a better view of the
poised dildo.
	It took three of the men to restrain dad's hips as they began jacking
the fake penis between his spread buttocks.  Daddy tried to pull away as the
cold tip of the dildo sought entrance into his anal opening, but the cord above
his testicles grew taunt, stretching his sack painfully.  He gasped in pain,
stopping his struggle to get away from the dildo to ease the strain on his
balls.  In the next moment the head of the dildo popped between his sphincter
muscles and began to penetrate his anal passage.
	He was trapped and he knew it, grimacing in resignation as the shaft
moved slowly up his clenching rectum.  Dad began to breath in shallow gulps,
moaning softly as half the fake cock disappeared into his colon.  After another
inch went in his whole body tensed and his powerful thighs flexed in an effort
to pull up from the invader.  "Agh," he cried as his movement stretched his
already distended ball sack, the cord slipping down to force his egg size
testicles into a bulging sack of painfully stretched skin.
	Dad cried out again as he dropped downward to ease the tension on his
balls only to increase to agony of his anal passage by forcing more of the shaft
into his anal passage.  His body began to sweat and strain as he jerked up and
down in a confused effort to find relief as the dildo continued its relentless
journey into his screaming guts.
	Finally the fake balls lodged against the spread cheeks of his ass, yet
still the thing continued to rise until dad was crying out in agony.  I finally
snapped and shouted, "Please, daddy, I want you to fuck me.  Don't take any
more.  Don't hurt my daddy any more.  If you have to hurt somebody, do it to me,
but please let my daddy go."
	They backed the dildo off just enough to ease the agonizing pain in his
balls.  One of the women knelt beside my dad and reached over to stroke his
still rigid manhood.  She said, "You see, she really wants you to do her."  Dad
still shook his head no.
	In a few moments they changed tactics at my expense.  My legs were
stretched down, back and apart one either side of the bench, then shackled with
a rope between my ankles which made the backs of my knees hug the wooden legs. 
This held my pelvis against the end of the table and made my crotch open and out
thrust.  To immobilize me further a leather strap was attached to the table leg
beside my head, run across my throat, then cinched to the other leg, holding my
head down with the padded edge of the table behind my neck.
	I was looking upside down at my dad when Ed came into my field of view
carrying the many tailed whip and said, "If beating her with this doesn't
persuade you we'll move up to something stronger."
	
	He walked toward the side of my table.  A moment after he left my field
of vision I heard the tails of the whip swishing through the air.  "Splat."  My
right breast exploded in pain so intense that for long moments I couldn't tell
exactly where the strands had landed.  When the initial shock subsided the pain
turned to a burning glow on the top of my thrusting mammary.  I cried out, but
didn't utter a word.  Mother had taken this whip on her tits without begging and
I was determined to do the same.
	The next blow landed on the top surface of my right titty and, though I
cried out loudly, the shock was wearing off and I knew I could survive.  He
moved his attention to the underside of each tit, then back to the tops,
alternating several times as the pain again began to transform into acute
arousal in my sex organs.  I could actually feel my clit stretching, so blood
engorged that it almost hurt.
	My father looked on, his face holding little expression.  His cock,
rigid and swaying up and down, was far more expressive of his state of mind, and
this turned me on in some strange way. 
	Without warning, Ed placed the next strike squarely on the peak of my
right breast, sending a bolt of agony from the electrified nipple down my belly
and into my crotch.  My scream filled the air as the next blow sent a parallel
shock wave downward.
	"Oh god, daddy, fuck me.  I want you daddy.  I want your big cock in me. 
Please daddy."
	My begging was interrupted by the next lash on my nipple, but then I
heard my dad gasp, "Stop it, stop beating her, I'll do it."
	"You'll do what?" asked Ed in a mocking tone as he raised the whip and
brought it down again.
	"I'll fuck my daughter, dammit."
	"Long and hard?"  Whap, he struck again.
	"Yes, I'll fuck her long and hard."
	"You will last at least 15 minutes of hard fucking?" Whap.
	"Yes, yes, whatever you want."
	The whip was stilled finally.  As they released my dad and drew the
dildo out of his asshole, other hands unbound my legs and removed the strap
across my throat.  The naked men and women swarmed around my table.  One
blessedly cradled my head.  I looked up to see that it was a pretty young
redhead smiling down at me.  She said softly, "I wouldn't want you to miss
this."
	Other hands drew my legs up and apart, and still others cupped and
massaged my tits, making the nipples stand out in rigid erection despite the
mixture of pleasure and pain their touch brought to my inflamed skin.  I gasped
when fingers touched my throbbing clit, rubbing and pinching my most sensitive
place.
	With my head being held up I saw my dad approach, his bobbing penis
above the level of my spread vagina.  His hands were cuffed behind him and Mya
had her long ebony fingers tightly gripping the middle of his rigid cock shaft,
stroking it firmly even as she pulled him toward his task.  I shivered with
eager fear as the women holding my legs wrapped their arms around my calves,
pulling my legs against their soft breasts and stretched me further apart.  When
my legs were wide open and pulled toward the head of the table so far that my
cunt tilted up invitingly, Mya drew my father's cock head down to meet me.
	Dad seemed to resist with a last minute change of heart, bracing his
feet and refusing to violate my virgin hole.  As if planning for this
possibility, two of the men who had been working on my tits went into action. 
They reached up above me and I noticed for the first time that the were cords
hanging from an overhead pulley.  Each of them pulled down a loose end.  Working
rapidly they made loops and tied these around the base of each of my breasts,
cinching them so tight that my tit meat ballooned out of the constricting loops,
stretching my pink aureole and drawing my thimble shaped nipples into wide
little mounds.  I cried out in pain as my fleshy globes began to turn deep pink.
	
	Suddenly they used the pulley to take up the slack in the cords which
rose from knots placed side by side on the inside of my tits over my sternum. My
beautiful breasts, already distorted by the tight bindings, began to twist
painfully, the nipples rotating outward to point at the men who were bringing me
this misery.
	"Please, dad, this hurts."
	Ed interjected, "For your disobedience, slave, the cords will be drawn
up until your cock is in her.  Once you begin, your little girl's tits will left
where they are and abused at our discretion based upon your performance. 
Whatever you do, don't let our actions tempt you to come too soon, for if you do
we will string her up by her ankles and beat her cunt and asshole till she has
sucked off each of us, women included, and that could take a long time."
	The cords were moving as he spoke, taking more and more of my upper
body's weight.  I screamed in terror at the thought of being pulled completely
off the table by my tits.  "Dad," I shrieked, "for god sake fuck me."
	I was so busy looking at the horrifying spectacle of my misshapen tits
that I didn't see my dad's first lung forward.  Even though his prick tapered
down in size as it approached the head, my virgin hole was unprepared to admit
this foreign invader.  "Iaeee," I shrieked as it split my tight little vaginal
opening, rippling and stretching till it came up against my virgin's membrane.
	Once committed daddy didn't hesitate.  Backing out till the head nearly
popped free, he rammed forward again.  I felt something trying to tear loose,
shrieking again with fear of being torn apart.  On the next thrust he ripped
through my hymen.  A stabbing, burning pain shot through me, and though I
shrieked a third time even louder than before, a voice inside me exulted.
	I was a woman and I knew I was ready to be treated as a woman.  Barely
aware of what I was doing, I said, "Oh yes daddy, make me a woman, give it to
me."
	His penis seemed to spasm for a moment, sliding out to my entrance and
then lancing my unprepared channel, burning me deep inside from the sudden
stretching of tissue, opening my vagina channel to its natural purpose.  Each
new thrust carried his probing cock head deeper and deeper, the thickening shaft
giving no part of my channel rest from the burn of being stretched wider and
wider.
	Though the pain continued, a hard knot of arousal grew to meet the pain,
transforming it into a part of my growing frenzy for more.  The pain was good. 
The pain was like a vital ingredient that was being mixed with the delightful
stimulation of my vaginal tissues to make an explosion of sexual release that I
instinctively knew would eclipse any climax that could ever come from soft and
gentle stimulation.
	I was glad my tits were painfully bound and stretched, glad each thrust
of the huge meat pole brought both pain and delicious stimulation.  And then I
felt the head of his prick nudge painfully at the end, realizing it was at the
mouth of my cervix.  A feeling akin to disappointment swept over me.  It was
over, I was woman, and yet I was like an explorer come upon the ocean but not
willing for the journey into uncharted territory to end.
	Even so, I felt the passion continue rising as the pain subsided.  Dad
thrust rhythmically in and out, burying eight inches or so into me with each
stroke.  I groaned with pleasure, but couldn't let go of my craving for the last
few inches of thick shaft.
	
	Apparently bored with our rhythmic intercourse, my tormentors suddenly
began slapping my bound tits, sending new waves of pain through my mammary
flesh.  To their shock and my delight, this new and unexpected agony acted like
an electrical circuit closing between all my points of sexual arousal.  Without
even having my clit stimulated, for it rose out and curved above my dad's
pistoning shaft, I felt a tidal wave of sensation flood from my nipples down to
crash over my genitals, exploding in a flood of vaginal fluids and spastic
contractions in my vagina from labia to womb.  I screamed with ecstacy as the
power of my orgasmic release sent my eyes rolling upward and my body jerking
from head to toe like someone being electrocuted in the movies.  I was suspended
in timeless bliss, the pain in my tits fused with the pleasure in my cunt, and
it was all good, all powerful, all welcome.
	My scream turned slowly to gasping moans as the contractions grew
weaker.  "Thank you, thank you," I gasped, grateful to all who tormented me.  My
body flopped like a fish out of water, moving slower and slower as blinding
fulfillment peaked, and then floated down the backside of a climactic wave of
pleasure.
	As I regained control of my mind and body I realized the abuse of my
breasts had stopped, though they were still tightly bound.  I fell into the
rhythm of dad's stroking member, pushing up to meet him and wishing my legs were
free to wrap around him as I felt renewed arousal in my loins.
	As my dad worked to stretch his orgasm past the time limit, my building
arousal was interrupted by Ed's loud voice, "This vanilla sex is getting boring. 
As that TV cook would say, 'let's kick it up a notch.'  We'll concede that slave
here can last 15 minutes.  Who couldn't with not much more than half his cock
getting any action.  As far as I'm concerned when he didn't go for full
penetration it counts as a failure on my scorecard.  What do the rest of you
think?"  Need I mention they agreed.
	By now Rufus had taken his cue and pulled dad away from me, leaving my
newly stretched cunt empty, with a trickle of blood and pussy juice leaking out. 
They released all three of us and ordered us to clean up and be ready to present
ourselves in 30 minutes.  As we headed toward the bath room with the ever
present black giants on guard, the eight of them headed upstairs for drinks and
planning, chatting and laughing among themselves.
	No longer afraid, I walked between my folks toward the bathroom.  I
grinned happily from one to the other.  Reaching over to my dad, I took his
frustrated erection in my hand, ran my fist up and down the shaft which was
still wet with my blood and female juices, and I said, "Guess I'll have to
confess breaking the rule against talking, but I have to tell you that was the
coolest thing ever.  I hurt all over, but I can't wait to find out what they
want to do to us next.  How long do you think they will let us stay?"
	Mom smiled and tousled my hair.  Dad looked at both of his women with a
wry smile and said, "You were right honey, she is definitely a chip off the old
block, not that I'm calling you old my dear.  I guess this makes two of us who
have to confess, care to make it three, sweetheart?"
	Mom reached out and grabbed my ass cheek, gave it an affectionate
squeeze and said, "I guess the time for telling her the truth has come a little
sooner than we figured.  One confession to our wonderful daughter, then three to
our masters.  With a little luck that will really piss them off."
	
	The end
	
	(Author's note: after many years of off and on writing of erotic stories
for my solitary amusement (then consigning them to the trash basket, pre
computer, or the delete button in recent years),this is the first to be offered
for publication.  Though I'd intended to carry this story much further and to
make the action more intense, once I made the decision to publish I wanted to do
so before chickening out.  Criticism and suggestions would be welcome, including
whether I should develop this story further. 
	In the meantime I'll go back to working on a couple of longer stories in
progress.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chum


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





