BDSM Library - Humiliation Angels




Humiliation Angels
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A male executive is introduced into a new world of domination and humiliation by his sexy secretary and her three friends.
Humiliation Angels

Chapter 1 - Captured

This is the story of how I became your slave, Mistress.  This morning, when you
awoke, you untied me from the post at the bottom of your bed where you had left
me naked bound and helpless for the night on the hard floor, attached to the leg
of the bed with a collar round my neck.  Dragging me to my feet, you ordered me
to write out for you the details of how you took control of me and made me your
sexual plaything.  I sit here naked at the computer screen, my cock erect, the
crotch of a pair of your soiled panties stuffed in my mouth (leaving the rest of
the panties dangling) typing out my story as you watch.   When I have finished,
you will order me to post my story on the Internet so that everyone will know of
my humiliation and subjugation at the hands of you and your girlfriends.

It had all started when I went away on business for a few days.  You were my
secretary then and the balance of power between us was so different.  Whilst on
the road, I realised I had forgotten to print off some confidential documents
from my computer.  I rang you up, told you my secret password, and asked you to
print off the documents and fax them to me.  It never occurred to me that, along
with those documents, sitting on my hard drive were a number of photographs that
I had downloaded off the net.  Photos of women dominating men, controlling them,
and using them for their pleasure.

When I returned from business, I suspected nothing.  Our working relationship
seemed unchanged.  Then, two or three days after I had returned, one afternoon,
you knocked on the door to my office.  You entered and I looked up.  You have
always been beautiful to me, my Mistress, but that day, you looked the most
radiant and beautiful that I can remember.  Perhaps it was the new fire in your
eyes, burning with the knowledge that soon I would be your slave.

I could tell that something was going on because usually when you come in, you
ask me something or give me a message.  But this time, you just stood there in
front of me, smiling a secret little smile, hands on hips, legs slightly apart. 
I looked at you, drinking in your beauty: your shoulder length brown hair, your
beautiful brown eyes, cute little button nose, your light tan, the magnificence
of your breasts (36C I guessed), your long lithe legs.  Still you said nothing.

"Yes, Lisa," I said, "What is it?"  You said nothing and sat seductively on the
edge of my desk, crossing your long tanned legs.  This was unusual: you had
never done this before.  You smiled and I saw a piece of paper in your hand. 
You handed it to me, the printed side down.

I took it and turned the paper off.  I recognised it instantly.  It was a print
of a photograph I had stored on my hard drive. It showed a tall dark-haired
girl, clad in a leather bra and panties, wearing thigh length leather boots
standing over a spread-eagled naked man, the whip in her hand poking his erect
penis.  Clothespins were attached to the man's nipples, cock and balls.  I must
have gone white as I looked at the picture.  Certainly, I felt a gnawing dread
in my stomach.

I looked up to see you smiling down at me.  I started to stammer something - I
don't know what - but you lifted a finger to your lips.  "Ssshhhhh", you said,
"Just listen."  I waited.  The silence seemed like it lasted hours but it
probably only moments.

"So you like this sort of stuff, do you," you smiled, " You like the thought of
being used by a woman in any way she wants.  To be a slave, a toy, a worthless
piece of meat. How many pictures like this have you got on your hard drive? 
100?  200? 500?  There were too many for me to look at but the ones I saw were
enough.  Women spanking men.  Women pissing on men.  Women fucking men up the
ass."  You paused.  "What do you think your friends, your colleagues, your
customers would do if they knew this?  Do you think they'd be proud?"  You
laughed, tossing your head back.

"Shall I tell them?" you asked me, "Shall I?" 

"No, please," I stammered, " Please don't."

"Why not?" you laughed, " Give me one good reason."

"I'll give you whatever you want," I said desperately, " A raise.  A good raise. 
Anything.  Just name it."

Your eyes widened and that coquettish smile flashed across your face. 
"Anything?" you said, "Anything?"

"Yes, Lisa," I said quickly, "Anything.  Just name it."

You looked at me.  I felt your gaze running up and down my body and a cold
shiver ran through me.  You stood up and looked down on me, still seated.  Then
you spoke.

"Kiss my feet," you said.  I looked up at you, open-mouthed.  I couldn't believe
what you had just said.  My mind raced.  On the one hand, this was ridiculous. 
On the other hand, this was the sort of thing I had dreamed of for years.  "Kiss
my feet," you said again, "I won't ask again."

I slipped off the chair and got down on my knees.  Lowering my face to the
floor, I pressed my lips against the top of your foot, feeling your warm skin
against my lips.  I then moved across to the other foot, kissing that tenderly
too.  I knelt before you, looking up.

You looked down on me, a look of contempt on your face, and I noticed your gaze
on my crotch.  There was an unmistakable erection.

"Now listen, " you said, "You will come to my house at 7 sharp tonight.  Do you
understand?  You arrive one second late, the pictures on your hard disk are
emailed to your friends, co-workers and anyone else I think would be interested
in knowing what a pervert you are.  From now on, you will do whatever I say
without question and without hesitation.  If you refuse, then everyone will
know.  If you question me, everyone will know.  If you hesitate, everyone will
know.  Do you understand?"

I nodded, barely able to believe what was happening.

"Do you understand?" you repeated.

"Yes," I replied.

You smiled, " Yes what?"

I hesitated, not knowing what you meant, but then the realisation hit me.

"Yes, Mistress," I said.

"Good," you smiled, "Looking forward to seeing you tonight."  And with that, you
turned and walked slowly, seductively out of my office.

My mind was a whirl.  Thoughts flashed through my head.  What should I do?  What
had happened was barely believable.  Should I do as you said, or should I defy
you?  What would happen if I came to your house as you had ordered?  What would
happen if I didn't?  I would like to tell you, Mistress, that I thought long and
hard about what to do but that would be untrue.  The stiffness of my cock told
me everything I needed to know about what to do.  The thought of being ordered
to do something by my sexy secretary, a girl half my age, was intoxicating.  And
who knew what would happen that night?  Little could I imagine what was to
befall me.




Chapter 2 - Girls' Night In

I arrived outside your home half an hour early.  I spent the remaining time sat
in my car, the radio on but not listening to it.  My mind was racing, trying to
avoid thinking about your beauty, your dominance earlier that afternoon, and
trying to ignore my aching cock.  I must have checked and double checked my
watch several times, the minute hand crawling oh so slowly towards the 12.

At one minute to twelve, I got out of the car and walked nervously up the path
to your door.  I looked at my watch and watched as the second hand swept round. 
At precisely 7:00, I knocked loudly on the door.  There was no way back now.

Nothing.  No reply.  I waited a while and then knocked again.  Was I at the
wrong house?  Was I late?  Again, I knocked.  I looked at my watch.  Three
minutes past seven.  Once more, I knocked on the door.  I knew this was a test. 
The minutes passed.  I knocked again.  Eventually at ten minutes past seven, I
heard movement in the house.

The door opened and you stood in the doorway.  I was transfixed by your
radiance.  You were wearing a low cut black blouse, revealing the smooth curve
of your bosom, and a figure hugging black mini skirt, black stockings and black
heels.  You were stunning, my Mistress. 

I was almost rendered speechless by your beauty but I managed to mumble what I
thought were the appropriate words, "Greetings, Mistress."

"At last, slave, " you replied, "What kept you?"

You looked me up and down imperiously and smiled that secret smile.  "Now you
are here, you need to arrive properly in a manner befitting your status."  I
trembled within at the sound of those words: what could you mean?  "Now get your
clothes off, get back to the end of that path, and crawl up here on your belly
like the worthless worm you are.  And when you get here, get on your knees and
beg to come in."

I could hardly believe what I was hearing.  I thought of refusing but I knew
that it was to no avail and anyway, the thought of what you had commanded me to
do excited me beyond words.  I looked around.  It was dusk and the light was
fading but there was still enough light for anyone passing to see me.  You stood
there watching what I would do.

I began to undress in front of you.  I believe that as I removed my clothing, I
started to blush.  The thought of undressing in front of you - and in the open
air where I might be seen - was intensely arousing to me.  You must think me
such a slut, Mistress, for admitting that.  I removed my jacket and dropped it
to the ground.  Slipping my shoes and socks off, I then unbuttoned my pants and
let them fall around my ankles.  Next, I removed my tie and shirt.  I was now
standing in front of you, clad only in my boxers, my erection clearly visible. 
With a sigh, I slipped my boxers off, standing before you stark naked.  The air
was cold against my skin.

"What are you waiting for?" you said as you gathered up my clothes and threw
them indoors, "Get to the end of the path and start crawling."  There was no way
out now.  My clothes had been taken from me and to get them back, I had to do as
you commanded.  Quickly, I ran to the end of the path, nervously looking around
to see if anyone was watching.  I then dropped onto my belly.  The concrete path
was cold and wet against my chest and cock.  I began to crawl back up the path
on my stomach, pushing myself along with my hands and feet, my erect cock
rubbing against the stone.  I looked up to see you silhouetted in the doorway,
watching me intently.

It seemed an eternity before I reached the door.  Then just as I reached the
door, you slammed the door in my face.  I knelt before the door as you
instructed, my chest red from scraping on the path, sweat forming on my body,
and knocked on the door.  "Please Mistress," I pleaded, "Let your worthless
slave in out of the cold."

There was no response.  I knocked again, pleading all the more.  No reply. 
Minutes passed as I knelt there naked and cold, knocking pathetically on the
door in the fading light.

You must have left me there for five or ten minutes before you deigned to open
the door and you stood before me again.  "Enter slave, " you ordered, " On your
knees and thank me."

Gratefully, I crawled into your sanctum, kneeling at your feet and bending to
kiss and lick your stiletto heels.  "Thank you, Mistress," I said, "Thank you,
Mistress Lisa."

"Follow me, slave, " you snapped and turned and walked down the hallway.  I
followed on my hands and knees, gazing up at your beautiful round bottom and
gorgeous, nylon clad legs as you sashayed in front of me.  You led me into your
living room and I followed.

"Meet my friends," you said suddenly and I looked up to see three other women,
seated on your couch, grinning at me.  With a shock, I realised that I knew all
of them.  You ordered me to my feet, telling me to place my hands on my head.  I
obeyed and stood exposed before my future tormentors, my cock erect.

"Well, slave, " you said, motioning to the woman to my left, "I believe you know
Mistress Rachel."  Mistress Rachel was about 19, lightly tanned with a bob of
brown hair.  There was not an ounce of fat on her lithe well-proportioned body. 
She was clad in a tight low cut t-shirt, blue knee length skirt, and heels.  Her
legs were bare.  She smiled at me. " Hello, slave," she sneered.  I recognised
Rachel as the general assistant in my firm's post room.  She had a reputation
for being a bitch and a cocktease.  I did not relish being at her mercy.

"Mistress Alicia."  Mistress Alicia was a beautiful, pale skinned black beauty,
her long lustrous hair cascading over her shoulders.  She was wearing a white
shirt, tight leather mini skirt, black stockings and black knee length stiletto
boots.  As I watched, she provocatively crossed her legs and looked me up and
down.  Mistress Alicia was my assistant at work.  I knew she had a fierce
intelligence and a wicked imagination.  Whatever humiliations she had in store
for me, I knew, would be well thought out and executed, designed to provide the
ultimate degradation.

And finally, Mistress Emma.  Mistress Emma was a beautiful, pale skinned blonde. 
Her piercing blue eyes looked into mine.  Mistress Emma was wearing her hair in
a ponytail, a tight low cut red blouse, tight jeans, and pixie boots.  Mistress
Emma was an office assistant that I had to sack for tardiness.  I knew she was
itching to get her revenge.

"Greet your mistresses, slave," you told me and pushed me to the floor.   I knew
what to do.  I crawled across to Mistress Rachel's feet.  She looked down on me,
a wicked grin on her face.  She lifted her foot, pushing it into my face.  I
kissed it and she laughed.  Mistress Rachel then lifted her other foot and
pushed me over.  I sprawled on the floor.

"Get up, shit for brains," you shouted, bending down to grab my hair, pushing me
towards Mistress Alicia.  I bent down and kissed Mistress Alicia's boot, the
leather cold against my lips.  "You can do better than that, slave," smiled
Mistress Alicia, bending down closer to me, " Lick and clean my boots."  I began
to run my tongue up and down the leather of the boots, working my way up from
the sole to the top of the boots.  My Mistresses laughed as I did so, staring
down at me with disdain.  Soon my tongue was dry but Mistress Alicia's boots
glistened.

"And now, Mistress Emma."  Mistress Emma lifted her boot, forcing me to lick the
sole.  The sole was muddy and I tasted earth in my mouth.

"Now, get back over there, slave," you eventually ordered, my Mistress Lisa,
"Stand in front of us, head bowed, hands behind you."  I did as ordered and
stood before you all, humbled and awaiting my next orders.

"Listen, slave," you continued, "From this moment on, I own you.  You will do
exactly as I say, when I say it, or otherwise your dirty little secrets will
become public knowledge.  You are now my slave to do with as I wish.  Tonight,
we will teach you a lesson you will never forget.  Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress," I mumbled.

"Good," you said, "Now serve us drinks, slave. Now!"

You sat on the chair to the side of the couch and ordered me to fetch you a
whisky and soda.  I crawled to the bar to fix your drink and returned with it,
handing it you on my knees.  You sipped it and frowned.  "This is useless,
slave, " you snapped, throwing the drink in my face, "There's too much soda in
it.  Now go back and fix another - and get it right."  Dripping whisky and soda
onto the floor, I crawled back to the bar and fixed you another drink.  Again, I
displeased you, Mistress - this time, there was not enough soda - and this drink
too was thrown in my face to the general amusement of the other Mistresses.

"Get the soda siphon, idiot," you snapped, "Let me show you how to do it." I
crawled back to you with the soda siphon.  "Now, pay attention, slave," you
said, "I want this much soda..." and saying that, you squirted me in the face
with the cold soda from the siphon for about two seconds, "Not this much" ... a
squirt for about three seconds... "Or this much," ... a short blast of one
second, "Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Lisa," I replied, my face soaked, rivulets of soda flowing down
my chest.  My Mistresses were laughing hard now at my discomfort and I felt
myself beginning to blush.  Bedraggled and cold, I crawled to the bar and fixed
another drink for you.  To my relief, you accepted it.

I turned to Mistress Rachel.  "Please may I fetch you a drink, Mistress Rachel,"
I said, kneeling before her.  She smiled and demanded I bring her a cold beer. 
Dutifully, I fetched my Mistress a bottle of cold Bud from the refrigerator. 
Mistress Rachel took it from me and took a quick sip.  "Not cold enough, slave,"
she snapped and tipped the bottle upside down over my head.  The cold beer
poured over my head and down my body as I knelt before Mistress Rachel. 

When the bottle was empty, Mistress Rachel ordered me to fetch another bottle
for her.  This bottle was too warm and again my Mistress tipped the contents
over my head.  I was now thoroughly soaked, my naked body sticky and cold from
the beer and soda.  My nipples were erect from the cold and my cock begged for
release.

Once I had fetched a bottle of beer for Mistress Rachel that pleased her, I next
knelt before beautiful Mistress Alicia.  Mistress Alicia looked down on me, her
brown eyes twinkling mischievously.  "Get me a can of Coke, slave," she ordered,
"And I want a cold one.  Don't touch it with your hands.  Push it to me with
your cock.  It must be useful for something."

As ordered, I fetched a can of Coke from the refrigerator and crawled back to
Mistress Alicia on my hands and knees, pushing the can before me on the floor
with the tip of my erect cock.  Eventually, I knelt before my Mistress, the can
at her feet.  I trembled at the sight of Mistress Alicia's wicked smile as she
leant over and picked up the can.  Looking me in the eyes, she pressed the cold
can to my chest and rolled it slowly down my stomach and over my cock.  I
flinched at the iciness of the cold metal against my skin.  Then, her dark brown
eyes gazing intently into mine, Mistress Alicia shook the can violently in her
hand and then opened it, pointed at me.  A shower of cold Coke spurted into my
face.

My Mistresses laughed at my discomfort and humiliation as the Coke poured over
me.  Once the shower of Coke was over, Mistress Alicia tipped the rest of the
contents of the can over my head.  My Mistress then ordered me to fetch her
another can, this time pushing the can back with my nose.  This can my Mistress
opened and emptied slowly over my erect cock.

Mistress Alicia ordered me to fetch another can, which I dutifully did.  This
one I was ordered to bring to her balanced on my back whilst I crawled on my
belly back to her.  By now, I was exhausted and covered in sweat, my body soaked
and shivering and sticky from the drinks poured over me.

But my humiliation was not over.  I now turned to Mistress Emma.  The look on
her face as I knelt before her told me everything I needed to know of her
intention to humiliate me still further.  "I'd like a nice cold glass of milk,
slave.  Go get it for me... NOW."

I crawled to the kitchen and took out a large milk carton, opening it and poured
the cold milk into a tall glass.  On my knees, I delivered the glass of milk to
my Mistress.  She took it from me, looking me in the eyes. 

"Do you know what I'm going to do with this, slut," she said, glancing at
Mistress Alicia next to her.   "No Mistress,"  I replied.  "Well, slave,"
Mistress Emma said, " I think I'm going to tip it over your head."  Saying that,
Mistress Emma slowly tipped the glass.  A trickle of milk ran onto my hair and
down my face, onto my chest.  Tipping the glass more, I felt a river of cold
milk pour over my head, over my chest and over my cock. 

I was then ordered to fetch the entire milk carton from the kitchen.  Handing it
to Mistress Emma, my Mistress wasted no time in pouring the contents of the
carton over my head, leaving me cold and shivering, dripping cold, sticky milk. 
"He's your milky puppy," laughed Mistress Rachel and my Mistresses all laughed,
revelling in my discomfort and humiliation.

I had hoped my punishment was coming to an end but I was soon to be
disillusioned of that.  And it was you, Mistress Lisa,  who once more took the
lead.  "I think you must be thirsty after all that exertion.  Is that right,
slave?  Answer me," you snapped, looking down on me Fearing the worst but
strangely excited by the thought of what might happen, I nodded, "Yes Mistress
Lisa."

"And you know what you're going to drink, don't you slave," hissed Mistress
Lisa, "Beg for it like the little slut you are."

"Please Mistress Lisa," I pleaded, kneeling before my Mistress, "Please may I
drink your pee."  My Mistress sat there impassive as I continued to beg. 
"Please Mistress Lisa, please let me take your hot piss into my mouth.  Please
let your worthless slut drink your pee.  Please."

"On your back, slave," you snapped.  I obeyed and you rose.  Lifting your skirt,
you removed your panties, dropped the panties onto my cock and crouched over my
face.  I gazed up at the heavenly sight of my Mistress Lisa's beautiful pussy
and bottom.

"Mouth open, piss slut," you ordered, "And you'd better not spill a drop."  I
opened my mouth wide and you began to pee on me.  I felt her hot sour piss flood
into my mouth, choking me, overflowing down my cheeks.  You began to move
slightly so her pee ran over my face.  I gulped the piss down as fast as I
could.

Eventually my Mistress, you were finished and stood up, lowering your skirt back
down, ordering me to thank you for peeing on me.  "Thank you, Mistress Lisa," I
said, kneeling before my Mistresses, your panties still dangling from my cock,
"Thank you for allowing this worthless slave for the privilege of drinking your
pee."

My humiliation was intense as I knelt before my Mistresses, naked, cock erect,
soaked in piss, beer, milk, Coke and soda, the taste of Mistress Lisa's pee
still bitter in my mouth.  You stood before me, Mistress Lisa, legs slightly
apart, hands on hips, gazing down on me with a complete look of disdain.  You
lifted your left foot and placed the sole of your shoe against my cock, pressing
down on it. 

"You need a reminder of what you are, slave," you said and turned to Mistress
Alicia who handed you a tube of cherry red lipstick.  "Stand, slave," you
ordered, "Hands on head."

I did as I was ordered and stood before you.  You took the lipstick and in big
bright red capital letters wrote SLAVE across my chest and SLUT PUPPY on my
belly.  I must have blushed because I saw your eyes flash with delight at my
discomfort.  What a sight I must have been - totally degraded and humiliated in
front of my gorgeous Mistresses.

You then moved towards the couch and sat between Mistress Rachel and Mistress
Alicia.  The four of my Mistresses looked at me for a while, passing comments
quietly between you, laughing at my discomfort and I stood there naked, exposed
and ashamed before you.  After a minute or so, you ordered me to approach you
and to lie face down across the laps of my Mistresses.

I obeyed, lying face down across your laps, my head at Mistress Emma's end of
the couch, my chest resting on Mistress Alicia's tight leather skirt, my erect
cock nestling on your skirt, my Mistress Lisa, and my legs over Mistress
Rachel's lap.  I felt my Mistresses' hands on me, fondling me, rubbing me, and
your hands, Mistress Lisa, running over my ass.

"Now then, puppy," you said, "I want you to apologise for being such a dirty boy
- downloading all those pictures - and I want you to beg to be spanked and to
thank me each time I spank you.  Understand?"

"Yes Mistress Lisa," I gulped, "Please Mistress Lisa, I am so very sorry for
looking at those pictures.  I am such a dirty slut and I need to be punished by
you."

"So why did you look at those pictures, slave," Mistress Alicia said, "Tell us. 
We're dying to know."

"Because it turns me on so, Mistress Alicia," I stuttered, "to think of myself
being in dominated and humiliated by beautiful mistresses.  Because I am a dirty
slut, Mistresses."

I felt your hand caressing my bottom as I continued, "Please Mistress Lisa,
please spank me for being such a submissive little slut.  Pleeeeeease."

"Very well, slave," you said and spanked me hard on the left cheek.  I flinched
and said, "Thank you, Mistress Lisa."  Spank.  "Thank you, Mistress Lisa."
Spank.  "Thank you, Mistress Lisa." Spank.  "Thank you, Mistress Lisa." Spank. 
"Thank you, Mistress Lisa."

Twenty times you spanked me until my bottom ached, my cock rubbing against the
fabric of your skirt with every blow.  You ordered me off your laps and I rolled
onto the floor, kneeling before you, head bowed.  You looked in disgust at the
smear of precum on your skirt and ordered me to lick it up.  I obeyed, my face
in your lap, my tongue licking at the globs of precum until they were no more.

"I think you need to be punished some more," Mistress Emma smiled, "for making
such a mess of Mistress Lisa's clothes.  But I don't see why we should go to the
effort of punishing you.  You need to punish yourself.  I want you to kneel on
all fours on the floor and spank yourself for us."

I blushed at the thought of being made to do this humiliating act in front of my
four Mistresses but I knew it was useless to resist.  I got on all fours, my
bottom facing my Mistresses and with my right hand began to spank my right
cheek.  "Harder," shouted Mistress Emma, revelling in my obvious discomfort and
embarrassment, " I want to see those ass cheeks red and sore."

I continued to slap myself ten times on the right cheek and then using my left
hand, ten times on the left cheek.  I heard my Mistresses chuckling over the
sound of my bare hand slapping each cheek, the sound seeming incredibly loud. 
My bottom was now stinging and I found myself begging, "Please Mistresses,
please no more.  Have mercy."

I was ordered to stop and turn to face my Mistresses again, kneeling.  "You
slut," Mistress Emma said with disdain, "You dirty useless slut.  Imagine how
you look now, naked and humiliated, just a plaything for us to toy with."

I hung my head in shame, my body sore and sweaty, still sticky from the dousing
of drinks earlier.  I felt so degraded.  My Mistresses had reduced me to nothing
more than an object of their desires.  And I knew that my humiliation was far
from over.

My beautiful Mistress Lisa ordered me across their laps once again but this time
lying face up.  I did as I was told and, looking up into the scornful eyes of
Mistress Emma and Mistress Alicia, shivered as I realised that my erect cock was
now exposed at your mercy.  I felt Mistress Alicia's hands running over my chest
and my cock jerked.  You, my Mistress Lisa slapped it with your hand and I
whimpered.  You then produced a hairbrush from your purse and taking the base of
my cock in your left hand, rubbed the bristles over the head of my engorged
penis.  I moaned with discomfort, and I must admit Mistress, delight at the
touch of your hands on my cock.

"I want you to beg me to spank your cock, slave," you laughed, "Beg like the
worthless cockpuppy you are.  Tell me that we own your cock to do with as we
wish."

"Please Mistress Lisa," I moaned, "Please spank my cock.  Please do with it what
you want.  It is yours to spank and beat as you desire.  It exists only to serve
you."

"As you wish, puppy," you said and began to spank my cock with the bristles of
the hairbrush.  Each blow sent a wave of pain and pleasure through my body.  The
hard bristles cut into my sensitive inflamed cock but the friction from each
blow brought me nearer and nearer to orgasm.

After 10 blows, you stopped and looked with disdain at me, precum oozing from my
red and sore cock.  You pushed me off your laps and I fell, sprawling onto the
floor at your feet.

I felt Mistress Rachel's foot kick me in the ribs, "Get up onto all fours,
horsey."  I did as I was told and felt Mistress Rachel stand astride me, her
bare legs rubbing against my thighs.  I then felt her lower herself onto my back
and I trembled as her ass nestled on the small of my back.  Mistress Rachel then
lifted her feet off the floor so that I was supporting her entire weight.  I
felt her heels digging into my thighs.

"Come on horsey," Mistress Rachel shouted and slapped my ass with her hand.  My
Mistresses laughed as I began to crawl around the room with Mistress Rachel
balanced on my back, digging her heels into my thighs to make me go faster,
slapping my ass.  Round and round the room I crawled, my hands and knees chafing
on the carpet as my Mistresses encouraged Mistress Rachel to make me go faster
with shouts and whoops of amusement.

To my horror, Mistress Rachel commanded me to crawl outside through the large
windows leading into the garden.  Mistress Alicia opened the windows as I
crawled across.  I crawled out into the cold, aware that someone might see me -
naked on all fours with a beautiful woman riding on me.  Across the paving
stones, I crawled and onto the lawn.  Mistress Lisa's garden was large and
surrounded by walls.  My Mistresses followed Mistress Rachel and her horse
outside to watch the fun.

Mistress Rachel made me crawl a few times round the lawn to everyone's general
amusement.  The air was cold against my naked skin.  To my consternation, I
noticed you, using a garden hose to pour water on a patch of garden to the
right.  You then beckoned Mistress Rachel to make me crawl towards it.  With
some judicious slaps and kicks, I started to crawl towards it.  I noticed that
part of the garden now consisted of a large thick viscous pool of cold sticky
mud and that Mistress Rachel was going to force me to crawl through it.

Helplessly, I crawled into the thick cold mud, Mistress Rachel's weight on my
back making me sink deeper into the slime.  The exertion of crawling through the
viscous sticky mud, coupled with the effort needed to carry my passenger, made
me break out in a cold sweat.  To my shame, I realised that I was harder than
ever, the added humiliation of being forced to crawl through mud inflaming my
already excited cock.  Eventually, I managed to carry Mistress Rachel to the
other side of the mud and I crawled wearily onto the lawn, collapsing exhausted
onto the lawn.  Mistress Rachel looked down on me, wiping her feet on my ass, as
I lay there, smeared in mud, grass sticking to my body.

My other Mistresses approached and encircled me, looking down on me laughing at
my appearance.  Mistress Lisa, you ordered me to my knees, and I obeyed, looking
up at my tormentors.  Then you ordered me to crawl to the pool of mud and lie in
the pool face down so that you could walk over me.  I crawled back into the mud
and lay face down in the slime. 

The mud was cold and squelched as I lowered myself into the dark viscous goo.  I
felt the weight of Mistress Alicia as she placed first one boot on my left ass
cheek and then the other on the right, pressing my cock into the gunge.  The
feeling of the mud oozing around my cock almost made me cum but I did not dare. 
I then felt Mistress Emma step onto the small of my back and Mistress Rachel
stand on my back itself.  My body was now almost totally submerged in the mud. 
And then Mistress Lisa, I felt you stand on my shoulders and place one foot on
the back of my head, forcing my face deep into the mud.  I spluttered and
coughed as you ground my face into the slime.

After five seconds, I felt my Mistresses step off me and I was ordered to rise
from the mud and stand before you, hands on my head.  I obeyed and stood,
covered in slime and goo, almost unrecognisable. I stood there helpless as you
laughed at me.

I was allowed to stand before you in this pathetic and soiled state for five
minutes as you chatted and laughed at me, no doubt planning future humiliations,
before I was ordered to stand against the wall.  Mistress Lisa, you then hosed
me down with cold water from the garden hose.  The water was icy cold and my
cock began to shrink as the cold water poured over me.  Soon, I was cleansed of
mud, standing soaked to the skin, dripping water onto the grass.  I was then
ordered to shake myself dry before being permitted to re-enter the house.  I did
so and, humiliated and totally degraded, crawled back into the house behind my
Mistresses.

But my degradation was far from over.  Mistress Lisa, you and your fellow
Mistresses had much more in store for me.

I was ordered to stand in front of you all once more, hands on my head.  My cock
was again fully erect and leaking precum.  Mistress Alicia spoke, "I have a bet
with my fellow Mistresses, slave.  Would you like to hear what it is?"

"Yes, very much so, Mistress," I replied.

"Well, slut, I have bet that I can attach over 20 clothespins to your pathetic
cock and balls," Mistress Alicia smiled, "Do you think I can do that?"

My cock twitched at the thought of that treatment but I gritted my teeth and
replied, "Yes Mistress."

"Good, slave," replied Mistress Alicia, standing, " Then we shall see."

Bending down, Mistress Alicia placed a bag of clothespins on the coffee table. 
I watched as she removed a handful of clothespins and placed them on the
tabletop.  Then my Mistress took one clothespin after another and attached them
to my scrotum, carefully arranging them in two rows around my ball sac.  I could
feel the skin stretching and the pain began to intensify.  Then Mistress Alicia
turned her attention to my aching cock.  Two clothespins were attached to each
side of the engorged head of my penis, causing the eyehole to squeeze open and
precum to pour down the shaft.  Another two clothespins were attached to the top
and bottom of the head.  My knees involuntarily buckled as the pins in my cock
began to take effect.  Four clothespins, two on each side, were attached to the
shaft of my cock.

Mistress Alicia stepped back to admire her handiwork.  I stood before my
Mistresses, 20 clothespins attached to my cock and balls.  I could feel the
discomfort increasing as the pins bit into the tender flesh.  My cock jerked
with the stimulation as the desire to cum welled up in me, the combination of
the pain, the humiliation and the sight of my four beautiful Mistresses an
intoxicating cocktail. 

Mistress Alicia sat on the edge of the coffee table and flicked the pins on my
balls with her fingers.  The clothespins clacked together.  Looking up at me, my
Mistress Alicia smiled, "Its time for you to pleasure me, slave.  On your knees
and use your tongue."

Saying this, Mistress Alicia hitched her skirt up and removed her panties. 
Kneeling, I gazed in awe at my Mistress's beautiful pussy.  My cock twitched
again and again as I knelt before my Mistress's sex.  Slowly I ran my tongue up
my Mistress's silky black thigh, rubbing my face on her lips, drinking deep of
her intoxicating womanly scent.  Then I let the tip of my tongue run slowly up
and down her slit, teasing her clitoris.  I could taste my Mistress.  She was
beautiful.  I felt my Mistress lean back and heard her moan in pleasure.

I lifted my head for a second.  Suddenly, I felt a boot on the back of my head
as Mistress Emma pressed my face into Mistress Alicia's crotch.  I began to lick
at my Mistress's pussy, her juices flowing onto my face.  My tongue darted in
and out of her pussy.  My face was pressed harder into Mistress Alicia's crotch. 
Soon, I felt Mistress Alicia tensing as she approached orgasm.

Moaning, my Mistress came, her juices flooding into my face, her legs tensing
around my head.  I was glad to have pleased my Mistress and returned to a
kneeling position to await my next orders.  The stimulation on my cock was by
now almost unbearable and I desperately needed to cum.

Mistress Emma summoned me towards her and lowered her jeans and panties,
revealing her pussy.  Grabbing my hair, she pulled my face into her crotch and I
began to lick.  As I licked, my cruel Mistress ground my face between her legs,
her thighs enfolding my head.  The smell of her pussy was intoxicating and I
felt my cock twitching in frustration.  Soon she came, smearing my face with her
juices.  She released me, pushing me back, laughing.

"On the table, slave," barked Mistress Rachel, "Face up."  Exhausted, I climbed
onto the table as ordered and lay down on my back, my head dangling over the
edge, my cock still constrained and aching from the clothespins on it.  I could
see pre cum oozing out of the head onto my belly.  Mistress Rachel approached,
lifting her skirt, revealing she was wearing no panties.  As she straddled my
face, I looked up and saw that my Mistress was shaven.  She lowered her crotch
onto my face and ordered me to lick her.  I began to lick, my tongue flicking
between her pussy and asshole.  As I licked, I felt the clothespin on my penis
being tugged and pulled, causing me even more discomfort.  Mistress Rachel's
pussy juices began to pour over my face.  Soon she came, moaning.

My Mistress Rachel climbed off me and ordered me onto my hands and knees on the
floor.  I obeyed.  I knew now that there was only one Mistress I had not yet
pleasured with my tongue and that was my beautiful Mistress Lisa.  I looked down
to see your beautiful legs in front of me.  The thought of you standing there
looking down on me caused a feeling of utter devotion to flood through me.

"I want you to beg to be allowed to make me cum, slave," you ordered me and I
began to grovel, kissing your feet, my ass in the air, the clothespins on my
cock clacking together as I begged to be permitted to serve you, " Please
Mistress Lisa, please let this worthless slutpuppy lick your beautiful pussy. 
Pleeeeease, I beg you."

After a minute or so of this, you graciously patted me on the head and ordered
me to pleasure you.  You sat back on the couch, legs apart, skirt lifted and
removed your panties.  The sight of your pussy was heavenly, Mistress, and I
almost came on the spot.  The beautiful pink lips, the curl of your black hair,
the light tan of your silky thighs.  I nestled my head in your crotch, lovingly
worshipping your labia with my tongue, nuzzling your clitoris, tasting you,
drinking your intoxicating femininity into me.  The musky smell of your pussy
was almost too much to bear for a lowly slave such as myself.  Licking and
sucking, you came and I thanked you for the privilege of letting me make you
cum.

"Thank you, slave," you said and ordered me to remove the clothespins from my
cock.  The feeling as the blood returned to my genitals was almost worse than
the pain of having the clothespins attached.

And now I knelt before my Mistresses once more, stark naked, head bowed,
awaiting my next orders.  I was painfully aware of how aroused I was, my cock
red and inflamed, dripping precum.   

"Look at you, slave," chuckled my Mistress Lisa, "How pathetic you look. 
Squirming in front of us on your knees, your cock dripping, twitching.  I bet
you're dying to cum, aren't you, puppy?  Dying to shoot your load?"

"Yes Mistress Lisa," I nodded.

"Then beg like the slut you are," you ordered, " Beg to be allowed to cum."

I began to beg, to plead with my Mistresses for release.  I threw myself at
their feet, grovelling, kissing their shoes, begging to cum, "Please,
Mistresses.  Please let me cum. Pleeeease."  Over my pathetic pleading, I could
hear my Mistresses laughing and mocking me.

After a minute or so of begging, I was ordered back onto my knees with my hands
on my head.  Mistress Lisa walked over to me, patting me on the head, "Very
well, slave.  You may cum - but under my conditions.  Now, grab that cock with
your hand but don't you dare begin to stroke yourself until I say you can."

I did as I was ordered, taking my shaft in my right hand and cupping my balls
and the base of my cock with my left.  It was agony to kneel there, my hands on
my cock.  I was desperate to begin stimulating myself.  My Mistress Lisa, you
gazed at me, and the steely beauty of your glare made me move my hand oh so
slightly, as you knew it would.

I had disobeyed you.  Instantly you slapped me across the face and demanded my
hands be placed on my head once more.  An evil smile crossed your face. "You
little slut.  Trying to cum without permission.  I'll give you a lesson you'll
never forget.  Lie down on your back.  Now!"

I obeyed instantly, not wishing to incur any further displeasure.  Mistress
Rachel grabbed my hands, pulling them above my head, pinning them down. 
Mistress Emma grabbed my legs and lifted them over my head, holding them there. 
To my utter humiliation, I saw that I was now bent double, my ass exposed, and
more worryingly, my erect dripping cock was pointed straight at my face.  As
Mistress Alicia began to spank my exposed buttocks, Mistress Lisa knelt beside
me and ordered me to beg to cum in my own face.

I felt so degraded and used as I began to beg, "Please Mistress Lisa, please
cover my face in my own cum.  Pleeeeease."

I felt your hand encircle my cock and began to stroke it gently.  Still Mistress
Alicia continued to spank me.  After a few gentle strokes, I could feel myself
beginning to cum.  I gasped as the spunk jetted into my face, jet after jet of
warm globules of cum spattering over my nose, mouth and face.  My cock jerked,
spraying the cum over my face, depositing the thick sticky cum on me.  Mistress
Lisa continued to squeeze every drop of the cum out on me.

Eventually, I was done.  I was released from my captors and ordered to my knees. 
How completely and utterly humiliated I felt, Mistress Lisa, kneeling there
before you, stark naked, my cock still erect, my hair and face matted with cum,
cum dribbling down my chest.  I knew now that I was truly your slave.

I felt my face redden with shame as I knelt before you, my four Mistresses
laughing at my humiliation.  I felt globules of cum dripping off my face and the
warm sticky mess trickling down my chest, my cock still twitching and oozing
cum.

"Listen puppy," you said, "You are now our plaything, to do with as you wish
when we wish.  From this moment on, you are our property, everything you will do
is for us.  You will worship us, do our bidding and perform any task we set you
quickly and without hesitation.  You will only wear clothes when we permit it. 
You will only cum when we permit it.  You will serve each of us and anyone else
we may order you to serve.  Understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Good," you smiled, "Now you will remain in my custody for the rest of tonight
and tomorrow.  Following that, I will hand you over to Mistress Alicia for a
day.  After that, Mistress Rachel and Mistress Emma will have ownership of you. 
And I assure you, we have some extremely humiliating and amusing things planned
for you.  Now go kneel in the corner.  I don't want to see your cum covered face
again tonight."

I crawled into the corner and knelt there, the cum dripping off me, reflecting
on my position - a slave to these four beautiful Mistresses.  And now, Mistress
Lisa, as the new day dawns, I await the tasks that you have in store for me
today.  I exist only to amuse and serve you, Mistress Lisa.  Please do as you
will.

To be continued




Chapter 3 - A Morning With Mistress Lisa

When I had finished typing out the story of my humiliation at the hands of
Mistress Lisa and her fellow Mistresses, my day in the total possession of
Mistress Lisa began in earnest.  I was still stark naked and my nude body still
bore the signs of my previous night's treatment.  My face and chest was stained
with dried cum, 'SLAVE' was still written on my chest in lipstick, and my entire
body was sticky from all the drinks that had been poured over me.  My body ached
and there were still red marks on me from the spankings and the cock torture
that I had been subjected to.  I dearly needed to rest, to gather my thoughts,
to prepare myself for the torment which I knew was to come - but Mistress Lisa
clearly had no intention of letting me rest.

Despite my predicament, I could not help but be aroused by Mistress Lisa as she
prepared for the day.  Clad only in a white bra and panties, she wandered around
the house, smiling at her slave kneeling on the floor, my face pressed to the
carpet.  She strolled across the room to the conservatory overlooking the garden
and watched the torrential rain as it pelted against the window.

"I think you need to get cleaned up, don't you, slave," she said, playing with
her hair coquettishly, knowing the effect this was having on me.  The sight of
my Mistress Lisa, looking down intently at me with her beautiful brown eyes, an
impish smile on her lips, her brown hair falling onto her bare shoulders, the
white lingerie contrasting so perfectly with her perfect brown skin, was so
arousing.  Even though I knew how cruel Mistress Lisa was to be with me, I could
not prevent a rock hard erection from developing.

Mistress Lisa continued, "Get out in the garden, puppy, and let the rain wash
your filthy body clean.  I don't see why I should use valuable hot water on
you."

"Yes, Mistress Lisa," I replied and dutifully crawled on my hands and knees to
the glass door leading into the garden.  Rain poured down the window and was
being blown across the garden in sheets by the cold wind. 

"You want to go outside, pup," smiled Mistress Lisa, "Then beg to go outside."

Even though going outside in that filthy weather was the last thing I wanted to
do, I got onto my knees, raised my hands in front of my chest like a puppy on
its hind legs, and whimpered like a dog to be allowed out.  After a minute of
this, during which Mistress Lisa watched me with amusement, my Mistress patted
me on the head and opened the door for me.  A blast of cold air and rain hit my
naked body.

I crawled out on my hands and knees across the wet paving stones into the
garden.  The rain pelted down on me and soon I was soaked from head to toe, the
cold rain beating down on my naked body.  The combination of the biting cold
wind and the rain chilled me to the bone, causing my skin to be covered in goose
pimples.  I crawled into the centre of the lawn, turned to face the house and
stood up, legs apart and arms outstretched.   Then I stood there, motionless and
exposed to the elements, while the rain beat down on me in torrents.   My hair
was soaked and dripping, rain poured in rivulets down my face, droplets of cold
water trickled down all over my bare skin.

Inside the warm house, I could see Mistress Lisa making herself breakfast,
keeping an eye on me, then settling down in a wicker chair in the conservatory
to eat, watching me standing in the garden as she did so.  She had a leisurely
breakfast, all the while keeping herself amused with my humiliation as I stood
in the garden, being pelted with rain, chilled to the bone.

After what must have been about 5-10 minutes, Mistress Lisa opened the
conservatory door, clapped her hands and called, "Here, pup. Come on in." 
Gratefully, I fell to my hands and knees.  The grass was cold and wet against my
naked skin. As quickly as I could, I crawled back into the warm house.  I was
soaking wet and shivering.  I am ashamed to say that my cock was still erect.

I was made to shake myself dry in the covered entrance into the house before I
was allowed in.  Mistress Lisa motioned me with her finger to follow her, and I
did, following My Mistress's feet as she led me through the house to the
kitchen.   Snapping her fingers, Mistress Lisa ordered me to my usual
subservient position in her presence: on all fours, face to the floor, my ass in
the air.

"Are you hungry, slave?"  Mistress Lisa asked, "I bet you are.  I bet you want
something nice and warm inside you, don't you?"

"Yes, Mistress Lisa," I replied, my face resting on the cold linoleum floor of
the kitchen.

"Well, let's see what we've got," Mistress Lisa said and began to look in the
various cupboards, "Mmmmm ...  no dog food, unfortunately, so we'll have to
improvise.  We don't want to waste good food on you, do we, slave."

I heard pots and pan rattle and Mistress Lisa crouched down over me, grabbing my
hair and lifting my head up.  She was holding a saucepan in which there was a
cold stodgy lump of oatmeal.

"How would you like that, slave?"  laughed Mistress Lisa, "Sorry it's a day or
two old but there's lots of protein."  Saying that, she scraped the oatmeal into
a large dog's bowl and placed it on the floor. "Thank you, Mistress Lisa," I
said as she did so.

I crawled to the bowl and lowered my face to it.  I took a bite of the oatmeal. 
It was cold, dry and unappetising.  With difficulty, I chewed it and swallowed
it.  I was obviously eating too slowly for my Mistress's liking for I
immediately felt her bare foot on the back of my head, forcing my face into the
thick mess.  Raising my face out to eat some more, globs of oatmeal dropped onto
the floor which I was ordered to lick up before eating any more from the bowl. 
I began to pick at the oatmeal once more, taking mouthful after mouthful and
reluctantly swallowing it.

I had taken about five mouthfuls and the bowl was still more than three-quarters
full when a shadow moved across the bowl and I was aware of Mistress Lisa
crouching over my head.  "How rude I am, slave, " chuckled Mistress Lisa from
above me, "I promised you a nice hot meal and also you need some liquid to help
that down.  Now how can I do both the most efficiently?"  And saying that, she
laughed.

As I lowered my head into the bowl once more, I felt warm liquid trickle onto
the back of my head and flow down my hair and cheeks into the bowl.  Mistress
Lisa was crouching over me, peeing over my head and into the bowl.  Her pee
began to fill the bowl with a mixture of oatmeal and urine.    "Thank you,
Mistress Lisa," I coughed as the pee flowed over me.

I felt so degraded and humiliated as I began to slurp Mistress Lisa's urine from
the bowl and chew the oatmeal, now soaked through with piss.  But like the slut
I was, I was so aroused by this treatment and I longed to play with myself and
cum.  But I did not dare - I knew what my punishment would be.

Soon Mistress Lisa had emptied her bladder over me and stood up to admire her
handiwork.  How foolish I must have looked to her: stark naked, crouched on her
kitchen floor, wolfing down oatmeal soaked in pee, my face smeared with dried
oatmeal and with rivulets of piss running down it.

Eventually, I was finished and the bowl was empty.  Mistress Lisa ordered me to
clean the bowl with my tongue to make sure that every morsel of oatmeal and
every drop of urine was gone before she moved the bowl to the corner of the
kitchen.  I was then ordered to kneel before my Mistress, hands clasped behind
my back.

"Did you enjoy your main course, little puppy," laughed Mistress Lisa as she
stood over me.  "Yes Mistress," I stammered, "Very much so."  Mistress Lisa ran
her eyes over my body and I blushed as she hesitated, staring at my erect cock
dripping precum.

"Did you like the taste of my pee?" Mistress Lisa asked.  "Yes, Mistress Lisa, "
I mumbled, humiliating at having to admit it, "I loved it, Mistress Lisa.  Thank
you for peeing on me and letting me taste your pee."

"You really are a submissive little slut, aren't you, slave," she chuckled, " No
matter what I do to you, your cock just gets harder and harder.  You are going
to be quite the challenge.  I must find some way to humiliate you that doesn't
get you even more excited."  Mistress Lisa's foxy smile lit up her face and she
looked at me, "You do enjoy being humiliated by you, don't you pup?"

"Yes, Mistress," I mumbled, head lowered, "I love being humiliated by you."

"Good," Mistress Lisa said,  " Because I've not finished with you yet, not by a
long way.  Stand up, we need to get you cleaned off."

As I stood, Mistress Lisa grabbed me tightly by the ear and pulled me over to
the washbasin, forcing my head into it.  The metal of the basin was cold against
my bare skin.  Pushing my head under the faucet, Mistress Lisa turned on the
cold water to full.  I jumped in surprise as the cold water gushed over my head,
washing some of the oatmeal stuck in my hair off.  Gasping for breath in the
torrent, I felt Mistress Lisa push a rough washcloth into my face, rubbing my
face to remove the stains of oatmeal and piss that still covered it.  I coughed
and spluttered as Mistress Lisa held my head under the stream of cold water and
washed my face.

After about thirty seconds, the tap was turned off and Mistress Lisa lifted my
head from the basin.  "Thank you, Mistress," I spluttered as I gasped for air. 
Roughly Mistress Lisa took a towel and dried my face before ordering me once
more to my knees before her.  I knelt there, breathing heavily, my cock still
erect despite my latest humiliations.

Mistress Lisa looked at me quietly for a while as I knelt there, awaiting her
next torments.  Then suddenly, she snapped, "On your back, slave, arms by your
side."  Quickly, I obeyed and lay on the kitchen floor, looking up at my
Mistress, staring down at me imperiously.  How beautiful my Mistress looked,
still clad only in a white bra and panties, her lustrous brown hair cascading
onto her lightly tanned shoulders.

Slowly, and to my astonishment, Mistress Lisa began to lower her panties down
her legs.  I watched entranced as she slipped them off and flicked them across
the room with her foot.  I could not help gazing at her wonderful shapely bottom
and perfect pussy.  I fought an almost irresistible urge to play with myself at
the sight

As I watched, Mistress Lisa moved closer to me, aware of how uncomfortable the
sight of her bare bottom was making me.  She stood above me, one foot each side
of my head, and looked down and smiled, "Take a deep breath, slave."

Saying that, Mistress Lisa slowly lowered her bottom down onto my face.  
Helpless to resist, I watched as the two beautiful rounded orbs of her ass
cheeks came closer and closer and then covering my face.  I could feel my
Mistress' weight shifting onto my face, the soft skin pressing against me, and
smell her feminine muskiness enveloping me.  I could feel her pubes on my mouth,
tasting my Mistress.

As Mistress Lisa lowered herself onto me, I felt her wriggle slightly, getting
comfortable, oblivious to my discomfort and sexual longing.  I felt her thighs
against the side of my face and her hands stroking my chest, and heard my
Mistress' musical giggle as she nestled herself down on me.
I knew what I had to.  My tongue began to lick at her pussy and I felt her
wetness on my face.  Mistress Lisa began to move her bottom slowly, kneading my
face, grinding her pussy into my mouth.  As I licked, I felt Mistress Lisa
playing with my nipples between her fingers, squeezing them, pinching them.  I
heard my Mistress moan as my tongue flicked her beautiful clitoris.

How proud I was to serve my Mistress when, after 5 minutes or so, I made her
come.  I felt my Mistress' body shake and her wetness cover my mouth and smear
across my face.  I was so pleased I had fulfilled my Mistress and hoped she
would reward me.

Once she had come, Mistress Lisa stood and ordered me to stand, hands behind my
back, facing her.  My cock was by now red and inflamed, with precum pouring out
of it.  I was so desperate to cum.

"Well done, slave," purred Mistress Lisa, putting her panties back on" You have
pleased your Mistress.  And as a reward, I will allow you to come."  Saying
that, Mistress Lisa lifted my bowed head up with one finger beneath my chin and
stared into my eyes.  She was so beautiful.  Smiling, she cupped her hands and
lowered them to groin level, "Now slave, I want you to toss yourself off into my
hands.  And make sure you don't spill a drop."

"Yes Mistress," I said and grasped my sore rock hard cock between my fingers,
pointing the head into the cup formed by Mistress Lisa's hands.  How humiliated
I felt as I began to stroke myself.

It only took a few quick strokes and I felt myself cumming.  My knees shook and
I moaned as I pumped out a stream of thick cum into my Mistress' hands.  " Get
every last drop, slut," smiled my Mistress as I squeezed my shaft, shaking my
cock to get every last drop out.

"Very good, slave," Mistress Lisa laughed, "Quite the load."  I looked at the
thick sticky pool of semen in my Mistress' hands.

"Now on your knees, puppy," Mistress Lisa ordered, "And lick my hands clean." 
Obediently, I fell to my knees and Mistress Lisa lowered her spunk-filled hands,
offering them to me.  I lowered my head into her hands and began to lick and
slurp at the salty sticky mess, drinking it down.  Soon, the large pool of cum
had gone but my task was not yet completed.  My Mistress' fingers were still
sticky from my cum.  I could see strands of semen between her fingers, globules
dangling from her hand.  Carefully, I licked and sucked each of her fingers,
tasting my cum on them, licking the palm of her hand. 

Soon Mistress Lisa's hands were clean.  Satisfied, she smiled and wiped her
hands dry of my saliva on my hair.  She looked down on me silently.  I knelt
there, still tasting my own cum on my lips, my cock once more erect as the
result of the degradation I had just been subjected to.

"Well, slave," Mistress Lisa said at last, "Quite a morning!"  She paused and
continued, "But it's late and I must get dressed.  And once I'm dressed, I think
I shall have some more fun with you."

"Yes, Mistress," I said and braced myself for whatever new humiliations were to
come.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  fireball


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





