BDSM Library - Ready to Play?




Ready to Play?
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A gift for Jennifer has unintended consequences for Stacey as she discovers who her friends really are.
A gift for Jennifer has unintended consequences for Stacey as she discovers who
her friends really are.
	
	Ready to Play?
	
	By Res Ipsa
	
	It was finally Friday afternoon.  It was almost time to go home and do
nothing but relax.  I would normally go out with some friends for dinner and
dancing but tonight I wanted to do nothing.  Nothing-it just sounded perfect. 
It had been a long week and I was tired. 
	
	I am a manager of an accounting office.  I started as a file clerk six
years ago.  I quickly became a secretary and when Jennifer said she was leaving
to get married, I was offered her position as office manager.  That was three
long months ago.  There were two other women who had more seniority but Mark,
the managing partner of the firm, pushed hard for my promotion.  The promotion
ended my friendship with the other women in my office.  I overheard them once
too many times talking amongst themselves and offering suggestions as to why I
was promoted over one of them.  The rumors they spread were not true but I knew
the other partners had heard them and would occasionally look at me with a
wondrous eye.
	
	It was 4:15 pm when the intercom on my phone sprung to life.  The volume
was loud and Mark's voice startled me.  "Stacey, I am sorry to do this but we
just landed the McClosky account and I need the account information put on disk
for Monday morning." 
	
	The account meant over $50,000 in revenue but it also meant that I would
have to come in Saturday morning to do the data entry.  I could have asked one
of the secretaries to come instead but I did not need the grief of hearing how
they have soccer games to go to, that they had no time to clean the house or one
of the other excuses I had heard so often.  Since I have no children everyone
thought my life was uncomplicated.  That is unless you consider my dog, Barney,
to be my child.  --No, I don't either.
	
	I told Mark, "Just leave the file in your office and I will take care of
it tomorrow morning."
	
	"Oh, and Stacey, did you pick up Jennifer's gift yet?"  I had
volunteered to get Jennifer's bridal gift on behalf of the office.  The office
decided on a gift of china but since Jennifer and I always played practical
jokes on each other, I ordered her a gag gift through Lover's Lane.  It was
truly a gag gift, a ballgag.  Jennifer loved to talk and I thought somehow it
would be appropriate.
	
	I really had forgotten about the china but did not let Mark know it.  "I
am picking it up after work."  What I really meant is that I would pick up the
china on Saturday and that I would pick up my gift for Jennifer after work.
	
	Mark replied, "Since you are coming in tomorrow, why do you leave early
and get it."  I quickly accepted the offer, straightened out my desk and left.
	
	On the way to the store I began to think about the ballgag.  I hoped it
wasn't in bad taste and that Jennifer would accept it with the humor that was
intended.  I first saw one on a cable TV show when a porn star was demonstrating
sex toys.  She had picked it up off the table and held it in both her hands. 
She moved the gag towards her mouth but did not insert it.  She had told the
host that it was the one thing that made her feel like she had no control over
the situation.  That when used with bondage, it made her feel vulnerable.  I
said to myself, "Wouldn't that be nice.  Not to be responsible for anything.  To
just give your control away and not make a single decision.  How nice would that
be?"  It really had been a long and hard three months since my promotion.
	
	When I entered the store I was immediately drawn to the lingerie.  There
was just so much to look at.  I was looking around the store when the clerk
asked if she could help.  I told her that I was here to pick up a package.  I
gave her my name and she quickly found what I had ordered.  It was still in the
original mailing box that was delivered to the store.  The clerk offered to open
the package to verify the contents but I told her it was not necessary.  I guess
I was slightly embarrassed about the ballgag.  Sure, it was a gift for someone
else but I was sure that everyone said that.  I signed the credit slip and left
the store.
	
	Once home, I changed into jeans and a T-shirt.  I made myself a light
dinner and drank a couple of glasses of wine.  I decided that I better wrap
Jennifer's gift or I would forget it again.  I cut open the brown box and on top
of the wrapping paper was a bright red ballgag.  I opened the package that held
the ballgag so that I could wrap it in a smaller box.  When I pulled the ballgag
out of the plastic wrap, I began to touch the ball and the leather straps.  I
thought of the porn star and how it made her feel when she used it.
	
	I began to move the gag towards my mouth.  I opened my mouth to accept
the gag but did not insert it.  I mean, it was to be Jennifer's and I did not
think she would appreciate me wearing her gag.  What a thought.  'Me, wearing
her gag.'  I laughed out loud.  No one, not even my closest friends would ever
consider me to be the type of person that would buy a gag and use it.
	
	Yet, there was something about the gag that kept me from putting it
down.  I put it up towards my mouth again and again.  I opened my mouth wide
trying to see if it would fit.  It looked like it would.  'Enough already!  Put
the ballgag down and wrap it already!'  I began to clear the table so I could
wrap the gag when I heard something rattle inside the box.
	
	I looked inside and saw something shiny.  I pulled aside the wrapping
paper and saw a pair of handcuffs.  I hadn't ordered those.  I reached in the
box and pulled out the handcuffs.  They were cold to the touch and very hard.  I
had never touched a pair of handcuffs before.  I pushed on one end of the
handcuffs and ratcheted the metal through itself.  The sound of the clicking
stirred something inside me that I never felt before.  It was a dull aching
feeling inside my stomach.  It was a feeling that I shouldn't be touching these
things.  That these were taboo.  A feeling of total embarrassment.  Why should I
be embarrassed, there wasn't anyone around?  And yet, I was embarrassed.
	
	There were two keys attached the chain of the handcuffs.  I remove the
keys and tried both of them.  Each one released the handcuff.  'I've just got to
try them.'  I took the handcuffs in my right hand and put one of the cuffs to my
left wrist.  As I pressed the handcuff to my left wrist I experienced a sudden
shiver throughout my body.  The cold hard steel encircled my wrist and with each
click became more secure.  I took the open cuff in my left hand and secured my
right wrist.  For the first time in my life I was handcuffed.  I could not
believe it; 'I had just handcuffed myself.'  My heart began to race.  "I've got
to see what they look like."
	
	I quickly found myself in my bedroom standing before a full-length
mirror.  What I saw excited me.  There was a 27-year-old woman who had just
handcuffed herself.  I stood 5' 6".  My brown wavy hair came over my shoulders
and stopped just short of my nipples that were now hard.  I said to nobody but
myself  "Look how excited I am getting."  I began to rub my breasts through my
T-shirt and around my nipples.  With each clink of the handcuff chain I grabbed
my breasts even harder.
	
	I reached down between my legs and started rubbing myself through the
jeans until I reached an orgasm.  Never had I done that so quickly.  Never had I
been more excited while I was alone.  It was then that I realized I wanted more. 
I reached with cuffed hands into my closet for my leather skirt and white satin
blouse.  I thought if I am going to do this I am going to do this right.
	
	I quickly pulled off my T-shirt.  But with the shirt hanging on the
chains of the handcuff I realized I needed the keys to release the handcuffs.  I
went to the kitchen and released the handcuffs.  I pulled off the T-shirt and my
bra.  My nipples were still erect.  I picked up the handcuffs and the keys and
made my way back to the bedroom.  I had thought of taking the ballgag but
decided that it was still going to be a gift for Jennifer.
	
	Once in the bedroom I completely disrobed.  I put on the white satin
blouse and felt the coolness of the satin rub against my nipples.  I almost lost
it there.  I then stretched a pair of black thigh highs over my slender legs and
put on the leather skirt.  The skirt stopped almost three inches above my knees. 
I then went to my closet and pulled out a pair of black pumps that had a
four-inch heel.  I wore these pumps in my wilder days but kept them for
"special" occasions.  I looked in the mirror thought, "Damn you look hot."
	
	I took the handcuffs from my end table and tested the keys once more. 
They still worked.  I put the keys back on the end table and looked once again
in the mirror.  "Are you really going to do this?"  With slight hesitation I put
the steel bracelet on my right wrist and moved my hand behind my back.  I
grabbed the open cuff with my right hand and found my left wrist.  I then closed
the cuff and realized with each click of the handcuff that I was becoming more
and more vulnerable.  I enjoyed that feeling.
	
	I moved around my bedroom and then in the kitchen to see what I could do
and what I couldn't do with my hands secured behind my back.  There was a fair
amount of movement but the handcuffs pressing against my wrist reminded me that
I was in fact restrained.  While in the kitchen I saw the ballgag lying on the
table.  Oh, how I wanted to try it but reminded myself that it was a gift and
not to be used.
	
	It was then that I heard a car pull into my driveway.  I looked from
behind the kitchen blinds and saw a familiar face.  It was the niece of my
closest friend.  What was Jordan doing here?  I saw her pull some Tupperware
from her car and walk towards my front door.  I exclaimed, "No!  Not now." 
	
	I realized the keys to the handcuffs were in my bedroom.  I began to
panic and ran to the bedroom as fast as I could with four-inch pumps and my
hands handcuffed behind my back.  I reached down and grabbed the handcuff keys
off the end table and began struggling to unlock the handcuffs.  Where was the
damn keyhole!  I heard Jordan knock at the front door and yell, "Stacey, its
Jordan.  I've brought your bowls back." 
	
	I heard the front door open.  Why hadn't I locked the door?  Too late
now I thought, just get the handcuffs off.  I moved to kick the bedroom door
shut and as I did the keys fell from my hand.  I turned around to search for the
keys but in my panic I did not see them.  How am I going to explain this?
	
	Jordan was in the kitchen now.  She yelled out again, "Stacey where are
you?  Are you alright?" 
	
	I yelled from down the hall and from behind my bedroom door, "I'm
alright.  I'll be right there."  Nothing was further from the truth.  Not unless
I could find the keys and free my hands.  It was then that I realized that the
ballgag was sitting on the kitchen table.  "How am I going to explain that" was
the only thing that was racing through my head.
	
	A knock at my bedroom door told me Jordan was just on the other side. 
The doorknob began to turn and I was quickly overcome with a warm tingly
feeling.  Not the good kind but the kind that put knots in your stomach.  Jordan
entered the room and looked at me.  She smiled and raised her right hand to show
me the ballgag.  "I thought you might need this."
	
	"No, that's not mine."  I said that while thinking, "How could I be so
stupid."  I continued, "I bought that for a friend.  Really!  It's not mine."
	
	I was overcome with embarrassment as Jordan said, "Really, and what do
you have behind your back?  Come on.  Turn around.  Let me see what you've got
there." 
	
	I slowly turned and revealed that my hands were handcuffed behind my
back.  "These were in the box that the gag came in.  I just wanted to try them. 
I dropped the keys on the floor.  Really, these are not mine."  I stammered my
words out quickly and without pause.  I felt as though I were ten and was going
to be punished for coming in the house with dirty feet.
	
	Jordan looked at me with a smile.  "Relax.  You look great.  But I've
never seen redder cheeks."  She moved closer and stroked softly my left
cheekbone.
	
	I tried to reach out and stop her hand but the handcuffs prevented my
hands from moving beyond my back.  It was then that I felt truly helpless. 
Jordan could do whatever she wanted and I would have little chance of stopping
her.  But this was Jordan, what did I have to worry about.  I looked at Jordan
and with as much humility as I could muster asked her quietly, "Could you get
the keys and unlock them."
	
	Jordan stepped back and looked at me.  Her eyes took in every inch of my
body.  She started at my heels and slowly looked up until our eyes met each
other.  She smiled again and said, "If these things were for someone else then
why are you dressed like that?"
	
	"I am going out dancing." was my response.
	
	Jordan began to walk around me.  "But it is only 6:30."
	
	I followed Jordan as she walked by me.  She squatted near me and reached
out for the keys that were lying six inches from the heel of my left shoe.  As
she stood she lightly moved her hand along my calf and up my thigh.  "What
pretty legs you have."
	
	I stood still, somewhat shocked by her touch.  I said thank-you as I
twisted my body and moved my hands toward her.  But Jordan did not move toward
my hands.  Instead she backed away.
	
	"Not just yet.  I don't believe you.  I think those handcuffs are yours. 
I mean they seem to fit you.  I also think you wanted this ballgag but I
interrupted you." 
	
	Truth be told, I did.  But I was embarrassed about it.  I was
embarrassed that I was caught with my hands handcuffed behind my back.  I was
embarrassed that Jordan had found the ballgag sitting on the kitchen table. 
Embarrassed that Jordan caught me.
	
	Jordan continued, "It's alright.  I've been tied up before and know what
your feeling.  If you like I can help."
	
	I said nothing.  I was intrigued by her comment.  She had been tied up
before?  A sudden image of Jordan standing as I was, with her hands cuffed
behind her back flashed through my mind.  I smiled at the thought.  I wanted to
see where this could go but at the same time I was horribly embarrassed at what
was happening.  I had never done anything like this and did not know what to
say.  I stood motionless in the middle of my bedroom.  For the first time in my
life, I was speechless.
	
	Jordan must have mistaken my smile as a 'yes' because she threw the keys
to the handcuffs on the bed along with the ballgag that she had been holding. 
She moved toward me and told me to stay right were I was.  She walked behind me
and began to move her hands over my body.  Gently her hands moved across my
shoulders and down my arms.  She moved to my hips and down my legs.  I wanted
her hands to explore further but she stopped.  I was excited and Jordan knew it. 
I heard Jordan say, "Follow my instructions and you will enjoy this.  Disobey me
and you will not."
	
	"Disobey".  That word registered an emotion in me that I was hoping to
experience.  Vulnerability.  I was vulnerable and no longer in control of what I
could and couldn't do.  Yet, I continued to deny my emotions.  I finally spoke
to Jordan and said, although with a little less conviction this time, "Really,
these are not mine." 
	
	"I know.  I know.  These were for a friend."  After a brief pause,
Jordan whispered softly in my ear, "Well, I'm a friend."  As Jordan said that
she pressed her knee into the back of my leg.  I felt my leg buckle forward and
I immediately began to lose my balance.  My hands thrashed wildly behind me
trying to grasp anything that was solid.  I grasped nothing but air. 
Fortunately, Jordan held tightly onto my arms as I fell into a kneeling
position.  I was totally surprised by this movement and took in a number of deep
breaths.  I could feel my heart pounding once more.  I thought it would burst. 
I thought I would burst.
	
	Before I could protest Jordan said with sternness in her voice that I
never heard before, "Cross your ankles for me." 
	
	I didn't know what to do.  Part of me wanted to play along.  Part of me
was still embarrassed.  It was a quick decision but decided I would play along
for a little bit.  I mean what could really happen?
	
	I struggled at first but eventually I was able to cross my right ankle
over my left.  I watched as Jordan moved to the bed and picked up the ballgag. 
She turned and walked behind me.  I next saw from the corner of my eye the red
ball approach my mouth and heard Jordan say, "Open for me."
	
	I moved my hands thinking I could stop her but all I did was struggle in
the handcuffs.  I started to say, "It's not mine" but halfway through the
sentence Jordan pulled my mouth down with her right hand and inserted the
ballgag with her left.  The ball popped in behind my teeth and stretched my jaw. 
The leather straps were pulled behind my head and I could feel her fasten the
buckle.
	
	"I see you've got the deluxe model."  I wanted to ask Jordan what she
meant but couldn't.  All I could do was mumble the words.  Jordan continued, "We
will make use of that soon enough."  I still did not know what Jordan was
talking about.
	
	Jordan walked around and stood in front of me.  I saw her reach for the
bed and grab the keys to the handcuffs.  Jordan was 21, six years younger than
me.  She normally stood about an inch shorter than me but with me kneeling she
looked six feet tall.  She was dressed in sneakers, shorts and a tight belly
shirt.  I found myself looking up at Jordan as she dangled the keys above my
head.  "I guess I am in control now.  You will obey.  You will be tied.  But
most of all you will enjoy this night."
	
	Jordan took the keys and put them in the pockets of her shorts and said,
"I'm going to look around and see what you have.  Stay right where you are." 
With that Jordan stepped from my bedroom.  I tried to push the ball out from my
mouth but it only moved slightly.  I screamed into the gag but all I heard was a
muted muffled sound.  I now knew what the porn star meant about the ballgag.  I
struggled against the handcuffs with no chance of escape.  In doing so, I looked
to the left and saw an image in the mirror that I will never forget.
	
	There I was kneeling on the floor with my ankles crossed, my hands
cuffed behind my back and a large red ball inserted in my mouth.  I noticed that
the leather straps were pushing my cheeks out as they encircled my face.  My
nipples were hard and pressing against the satin.  The leather skirt held
tightly to my ass and thighs.  God, I was going crazy.  The feelings were
overwhelming.  I wanted to climax but this time I could not reach between my
legs.  I needed a release but couldn't achieve it.
	
	I had nowhere to go, but I felt the need to move.  My goal, it seemed
was to somehow seek release.  I struggled to my feet.  I don't know why but it
seemed harder to move now that I was gagged.  I nearly fell over trying to stand
but I crawled to my bed and used it as support.  Once I was standing, I looked
again at the image in the mirror.  I could see the excitement in my eyes.  I
could also smell my excitement.  I then realized that when I dressed I had not
put on any panties.  'No!  Please don't let Jordan find out.'
	
	I looked down the hall for Jordan but did not see her.  I went out to
the kitchen to see if I could find Jordan.  Nothing.  However, I saw movement
outside.  It was Jordan.  She was in my garage with a plastic bag.  She had
filled the bag and was coming towards the house.  I turned and walked back to
the bedroom. 
	
	Once inside the bedroom I kneeled down and crossed my ankles as I had
previously.  Within a few minutes Jordan came back into the bedroom and looked
at me with her hands on her hips,  "Did you move?"
	
	I tried to say no but only said "Mmmmpppfff".  I shook my head left and
right.
	
	Jordan looked at me and said, "I saw you looking out the kitchen window. 
You have not only disobeyed me but now you are lying to me.  That's not being a
good girl."
	
	Jordan unceremoniously dumped the bag she was carrying on the bed and
walked behind me.  "Good girls are rewarded.  Bad girls are punished."  With
that she reached down to the handcuffs and tightened them three or four more
clicks.  The steel was now pressing against my flesh.  It did not hurt but I was
suddenly more aware of the presence of the handcuffs.  She pulled the handcuff
keys from her pocket and pressed on the side of the handcuffs.  I didn't know it
but she had just double-locked the handcuffs.
	
	Jordan was not done with my punishment.  When she finished adjusting the
handcuffs she moved my hair from the ballgag's buckle and released the leather
straps.  I felt a momentary rush as the strap was released.  But Jordan was not
removing the gag; rather, she was tightening the straps.  Jordan tightened the
ballgag by two notches.  This forced the ball further into my already packed
mouth and the leather straps to bite into the flesh around my cheeks.  I was
humiliated once again as I felt myself drool onto my blouse.  This left an
unmistakable dribble stain on the satin.
	
	Jordan looked at me with approval and said as she took her thumb and
wiped my chin, "You are such a pretty thing.  I am going to enjoy this evening."
	
	She walked to my bed and began to pull rope from the bag.  I knew where
the rope had come from.  My father stored his boat at my garage and there was
rope on board.  Jordan took some of the rope and walked behind me.  "Stand for
me."
	
	I expected her to help me but I was not given any.  Instead I struggled
like I had previously.  When I finally stood, Jordan moved to my side and knelt
beside me on the floor.  She had folded the rope in half and reached around my
legs with her hands and began to tie the rope just above my kneecaps.  The first
touch of the rope against my skin made be tremble throughout my body.  Jordan
had quickly tied my knees together and then stood next to me.  I realized with
my heels I stood a good five inches above Jordan.  I felt like I should be in
control, after all, I was towering over her.  This thought faded when Jordan
spoke.
	
	"Walk for me."
	
	How could I walk?  The ropes held my thighs securely and I couldn't move
them.  I looked at Jordan trying to say, "How can I walk?"  But with a firm push
from Jordan's hand on my lower back, I discovered that short little steps were
possible.  I walked maybe two feet from the bed and was told by Jordan to "Stop
for me!"
	
	Something was missing according to Jordan.  She reached into the bag of
party tricks and pulled out a collar.  It was the one I used when I took Barney
for a walk.  She stood behind me and put the collar around my neck.  It did not
restrict my breathing but I knew it was there.  Jordan moved in front of me
again and attached a leash to the collar.  I was again embarrassed.  I was
ballgagged, handcuffed and my legs were tied together but I felt humiliated
because of a leash and collar.  How ridiculous was I?
	
	Jordan looked at me and said I looked beautiful.  I was again looking at
myself in the mirror and was excited at what I saw.  Jordan said, "Stay here for
me."  Where would I go this time?
	
	Jordan returned within a minute but I did not notice her until I saw the
flash of a camera.  Jordan was using my digital camera.  I yelled, "No!"  But
Jordan paid no attention to the mumblings that were coming from my mouth. 
Jordan took at least 15-20 photos before putting the camera on the bed.  She
then grabbed hold of the leash and pulled towards the door.  "Walk for me.  I
need to make a phone call."
	
	I followed her as best I could.  My thighs were tied together so that
only short steps could be made.  I was walking; no, more like shuffling, on
four-inch heels and did not feel very stable.  About three minutes later we were
in the kitchen.  Jordan picked up the cordless phone that was on the table and
began dialing a number.  She looked at me with a coyness and said, "Oops, I
guess I could have just gotten the phone myself and brought it back to the
bedroom."
	
	I looked at her with some disgust but I knew that she was only playing
with me.  I wondered whom Jordan was calling.  I couldn't believe what I heard
next.  "Hi Doris, its Jordan.  I have a friend who wants to come over and play
tonight."  Doris, that was my best friend and Jordan's aunt.  I quickly shook my
head to the left and right.
	
	I couldn't hear what Doris was saying but Jordan next said, "You can ask
her yourself."  Jordan moved the handset to my ear and I heard Doris say,
"Hello...  Hello?  So, Jordan tells me you want to play tonight.  Is that
right?"
	
	I didn't want to say anything.  I didn't want Doris to know what we had
done.  In fact, until Jordan called her Aunt I didn't even think about Doris or
what she would say about this.  I tried to say no but the ballgag prevented me
from doing so.  Jordan put the handset back to her own ear and said, "She wants
to say yes but cannot right now.  But her eyes are saying yes."  I again shook
my head left and right but Jordan ignored me.
	
	I could only hear Jordan's side of the conversation:  "Yes, that's
right.  "She is ready, willing and really wanting to play."  "We've played only
a little so far."  "She's learning."  "You'll be home around eleven?"  "Okay, we
will be waiting in the basement."  "Yes, she knows."  "Okay, bye."
	
	Jordan looked at me and said, "Well it looks like we will have about
four hours to kill before Doris can play." 
	
	Jordan's conversation puzzled me.  Had she already called Doris and told
her that she found me in handcuffs?  If Jordan did not call before, what "play"
was Jordan talking about?  There were so many questions running through my head
and no way to express them.  It wasn't long before Jordan was tugging at my
leash and saying, "Walk for me."
	
	It took another several minutes but I made it back to my bedroom.  My
legs were sore from the walk and my feet hurt.  It felt good when Jordan
forcefully turned me around and pushed me onto my bed.  I was sitting on my bed
watching Jordan move towards my closet and pulling out some clothes.  I could
not see what was being pulled out and thrown into the suitcase that she had
found in the closet.  When she turned around I saw her holding the little lock
that was used to secure the luggage.  She approached me and said, "I knew we
would be able to use this."
	
	I didn't know what she meant.  She put her hands on my shoulders and had
me lean forward and into my lap.  She moved my hair from the gag's buckle and
then secured the lock to the buckle's hasp.  "There, now there is no removing
the gag without a key."  It did not take long for me to realize that even if I
could get the handcuffs off, how was I going to remove the ballgag from my
mouth?  Then Jordan stepped back, looked down at me and proudly said, "Tell me. 
Is there a key?"
	
	Jordan didn't care if there was a key or not.  Fortunately there was a
key but if I couldn't tell her where it was I thought I would never get this gag
off.  I indicated as best I could with my handcuffed hands that the key was
inside the suitcase.  Jordan went back and pulled the key from the suitcase and
attached it to the ring that held both keys to the handcuffs.  These keys were
put back into the pocket of her shorts.
	
	Jordan looked back at me and said, "We have some time before it gets
dark out.  We can play here for a while, or, I can take you to Doris' house
right now.  What do you want to do?"
	
	I stomped my heels into the bedroom carpeting, hoping she would
understand that I did not want to go outside while it was still daylight. 
Jordan looked at me and said, "Well, why don't we just play here for right now."
	
	I watched as Jordan moved towards me.  As she bent over me to move the
bag and camera from the bed, I smelled the sweet scent of vanilla.  Even that
slight scent got me excited.  Everything it seemed was getting me hotter.  It
had only been about 45 minutes since I first put the handcuffs on my wrist but
it seemed like hours.
	
	Once Jordan cleared the bed, she pushed my shoulders and I was now lying
on my bed with my feet still firmly planted on the carpeting.  This position did
not last long as Jordan swung my feet up onto the bed.  She roughly twisted and
moved my body so that I was lying flat on my stomach and with my legs stretched
out.

	Jordan reached to the floor and picked up more rope.  She then hopped up
onto the bed and straddled my thighs.  I could feel the heat of her legs against
mine.  It seemed that any contact was going to send me over the top.  Jordan
reached down to my right ankle and with a firm grasp lifted it onto my left
ankle.  Her touch was firm yet gentle.  I could feel her nails stroke the nylon
that covered my calves.  I moaned into the gag and knew that I was again
drooling on my bedspread.
	
	Jordan then took the rope and tied my ankles together.  This time it
felt as though she used two strands of rope because when she pulled on the last
strand, the coils around my ankles tightened.  It felt great.
	
	I was a prisoner in my own bed.  There was no escape.  I could make no
decision on my behalf.  I had achieved what I wanted.  I couldn't believe it but
I was enjoying myself.  Now, if only I could climax.
	
	Without knowing, Jordan would help me reach that point.  After tying my
ankles together, Jordan hopped off the bed and picked up some more rope.  Before
I knew it, Jordan's hands were again moving around both my calves and thighs. 
Her hands found their way under my leather skirt but stopped just short of
discovering I had no panties.  At one point, Jordan picked up my handcuffed
hands and stretched them towards the ceiling.  The pressure on my shoulders told
me I would not be able to stay this way.  However, while my arms were stretched
upward, Jordan took each of my fingers, put them into her mouth and began to
suck on them.  I was in heaven.  Her tongue swirled around each finger like an
ice cream cone and with each finger she did that to I was closer to climax. 
Jordan knew exactly what she was doing and what it was doing to me.
	
	 I wanted her to continue to touch me the way she was but she stopped to
take my ankles and pull them towards my handcuffed hands.  She held my ankles in
place by running a rope from the handcuff chain to my tied ankles.  This put
additional pressure on the rope that secured my thighs.  Everything was tight. 
Everything was perfect.
	
	I was left by Jordan to struggle.  My hips seemed to be the only thing
that I could move.  I swayed left and right, attempting to free my bonds.  I
called out for my release but Jordan ignored me.  I finally let out a long moan
as my body took over and found its own release.
	
	I know that Jordan must have heard me but I was not embarrassed.  I
mean, what could I do about it.  Jordan had complete control over me.  She held
the keys to my freedom.  I was her slave to do what she wished.  I was her toy
to play with.
	
	I don't know how long it was before Jordan released the rope that
secured my ankles to my hands but when she did I felt another release.  My legs
had long stopped begging to be straightened out.  It was a strange sensation
knowing that I wanted to move my legs, that I needed to move my legs but I was
unable to do anything about it.  But when she released my ankles it felt so
good.  I felt free even though I was still bound and still quite helpless.
	
	As Jordan released my ankles she said, "Its dark enough to go to Doris'. 
I've packed your bags and I will lock your house.  I even fed Barney."
	
	I didn't want to go to Doris' house.  I didn't want her to see me like
this.  But what choice did I have. 
	
	Jordan pulled on the leash that was still attached to my collar and
escorted me back to the kitchen.  I shuffled again as best I could with the rope
still around my thighs and the heels still on my feet.  She put a raincoat over
my bondage and a scarf around my head.  The gag was barely visible but enough
showed that I knew if people saw me they would know I was gagged.  Jordan then
untied the bindings above my knees.  Another release.  God did that feel good.
	
	I was able to move my legs and walk like a normal woman.  I wasn't given
much time to treasure this freedom as Jordan pulled on my leash and said, "Walk
for me."
	
	Jordan took me out the back door and to the passenger side of her SUV. 
I realized now why she released my legs.  There would have been no way for me to
climb into the truck.  At least, at this height my gagged mouth was less
visible.  A small favor but I would take it. 
	
	The ride to Doris' house was only five minutes but it felt as though it
were hours.  I was again flush with embarrassment.  I thought everyone I saw
knew I was gagged, wearing a leash and was handcuffed.  I was relieved when
Jordan pressed the remote and we pulled inside the attached garage.  Jordan left
me in the SUV while she opened the door to the house and took my suitcase
inside.
	
	Jordan went inside for a few minutes and then came back for me.  Jordan
opened the truck's door and pulled on my leash.  "Step down for me."  Once
outside the truck, a further tug on my leash and a "Walk for me." told me we
were going inside.  Immediately inside the doorway was a stairway that led to
the basement.  I followed Jordan down the stairs as she held the leash just
above her right shoulder.  I walked carefully down the steps and adjusted my
eyes to the basement light.
	
	Jordan must have already turned on the lights as the basement was
brightly lit.  I looked around.  It was the same basement I had been in many
times before.  But this time I was bound and gagged.  It then hit me.  I was
still bound but only by the handcuffs that I had put on my own wrists.  I had
done this to myself.  If one could smile over a ballgag, I was doing it.
	
	Jordan led me to the center of the basement and said, "Stand here for
me." 
	
	As I stood there, Jordan picked up a stool and brought it to me.  She
put it down in front of me and stood on it.  She took the leash and raised it
into the rafters where it was secured.  I still hadn't made sense of why we were
at Doris', why Doris said she would play with us and why Jordan was able to
quickly secure my leash to the rafter.  In a few hours it would make more sense
to me.

	Jordan stepped down from the stool and removed the scarf around my head
and the raincoat.  Then she just stood there and looked at her handiwork.  I
also looked at my self in a mirror that hung on the wall.  I slowly twisted my
wrists in the cuffs but they were not going anywhere.  My blouse was soaked from
the drool that had been created by the gag.  My jaw ached from the gag.  I could
see rope marks from where I had been tied above my knees and at my ankles.  I
felt dirty and needed a shower.  Yet, I was still excited from what I saw in the
mirror.

	Jordan finally spoke.  "We are going to play some more tonight.  Trust
me, you will enjoy it.  Just let yourself enjoy it.  I have a change of clothes
for you.  If you promise that you won't try to escape I will let you shower and
change.  I will also let you eat and drink something if want.  But if you
attempt to escape, I will punish you.  Do you want to shower and change your
clothes?"

	I shook my head up and down.  Jordan approached me and pulled the
handcuff key from her pocket and released my left hand.  Another release that
felt great.  I did not try to escape but Jordan held onto my cuffed right hand
just in case.  I felt an immediate release throughout my shoulder and back.  It
felt good not having my hands cuffed behind me.

	Jordan quickly moved in front of me and locked the handcuff on my left
wrist.  My hands were handcuffed again but at least it was in front of my body. 
A small freedom but it was freedom.  Jordan then kneeled down and removed my
shoes and stockings.  More freedom.  It felt wonderful.  She then moved behind
me and pulled down the zipper of my skirt.  My sense of freedom was quickly
replaced by embarrassment. 

	Jordan pulled down the skirt and saw that I was not wearing panties. 
She smiled but did not say anything.  Jordan picked up the stool and stood to
release the leash from the rafter.  "Walk for me."  Jordan tugged on the leash
and I followed her to the bathroom.  She directed me to stand in the shower and
said she would be right back.

	Jordan returned to the bathroom with a set of handcuffs that were
attached to a chain that looked to be three feet long.  Jordan attached the
handcuff to my left ankle and pulled the chain out, attaching it to the plumbing
under the sink.  I wondered where those handcuffs and chain came from. 

	Jordan released the handcuffs from my wrists and the collar that circled
my neck.  Jordan said, "Shower for me."  "I have left a change of clothes for
you and some snacks.  I will be back in 20 minutes.  Be ready for me."  With
that she closed the bathroom door and left me alone.

	I lifted my hands to release the gag but couldn't release the buckle. 
It was still locked.  Jordan had left the bathroom and did not hear me yell.  I
took off my blouse and began to shower.  The warm pulsing water felt life
giving.  I was able to cum again while in the shower.  Never had I had so many
orgasms in one day.  I felt young again.  I felt clean.

	I toweled myself dry in the shower and stepped out onto the ceramic
floor.  It was cool to the touch and I almost forgot the chain that was attached
to my left ankle.  I was reminded when I nearly tripped over it.  I dried my
hair and applied some make-up that was in the cabinet.  I then turned to see
what was laid out.  It was only a lacy red bra that came from my house. 

	As I lifted the bra I heard a small "clang".  I looked down and it was
the key to the ballgag.  I quickly released the gag and felt an immediate
release of the muscles in my jaw.  I was happy.  I drank some wine that was left
and ate some of the cheese.  I felt refreshed, full and happy.  Tonight was
good.  I just wish that Doris were not coming home to see me like this.  As I
reflected on the night, a sheet of paper was slid under the door. 

	I picked it up and written on it was the following: "Stacey-You have
been a good girl.  A good slave.  Continue for me.  Put the gag back on for me. 
Be sure to use the padlock.  Put the collar back on and attach the leash.  In
the cabinet you will find a blindfold, use it for me.  When you are done, knock
on the door for me."

	I yelled to Jordan as I pounded on the door, "No!  Wait!  I don't want
Doris to see me like this.  Please.  We can go back to my house and we can play
all you want.  I will follow all instructions.  Do whatever you want.  I will do
anything you want.  I will be your slave, your toy, whatever you want...  Just
don't tell Doris.  Please!  Don't let Doris see me like this."

	Another slip of paper was immediately slid under the door.  "Do not
anger me.  Do as I have said.  You will enjoy it.  Doris will enjoy it.  I will
enjoy it.  If you do not follow these instructions within five minutes I will
use those pictures I took for whatever purpose that suits me.  Do as I have
said."

	Jordan knew I did not want Doris to see me this way and had prepared
ahead.  She was good.  She was smart.  I was not going to win this one.  I
timidly told Jordan through the door.  "I will do as you have said." 

	I picked up the gag and thought; Jennifer is never going to get this
gift.  I lifted the gag to my mouth and slid the ball behind my teeth.  It was
much more difficult this time as my jaw muscles still ached.  I reached behind
my head and secured the buckle.  I lost the ability to speak again.  I reached
down and picked up the collar.  I buckled it onto my neck and attached the
leash.  I looked in the mirror and told myself, "You wanted to lose all control. 
You have.  Enjoy what happens."  I found the blindfold and put it on over my
eyes.  I then reached out to knock on the door.

	I heard the door open.  I heard the sound of heels clicking on the tiled
floor.  Jordan said, "Lower your head for me."  I hesitated slightly and then
lowered my head.  I heard Jordan walk behind me and I felt her pull my hands
behind my back.  I felt the cold steel of the handcuffs around each wrist and
the ratcheting of the cuffs told me I was not going anywhere.  Jordan bent down
and released the chain that held my ankle to the plumbing.

	With a powerful tug on my leash I followed Jordan out to the middle of
the basement.  I felt the chain of the leash go up and assumed I was again
attached to the rafter.  I felt the warm caress of a woman's hand all over my
body.  My body reacted and I let out a moan through my gag.  I was getting hot
again.  I didn't know if I could take more.  But I was willing to try.

	I heard Jordan say, "With a little preparation you will be ready for
Doris."  I shuddered at the thought.  But Jordan continued by dressing me in
stockings made of latex.  First she applied baby powder to my legs.  That alone
felt great.  She asked me to lift my leg so that she could put on a latex
legging.  I then lifted my other leg for Jordan.  Once the stockings were on
Jordan helped me put on a latex panty.  "Now that the stockings are on, it is
time for some shoes."

	I expected Jordan to put on my pumps back on but she had something
different in mind.  I felt Jordan ease my foot into a higher heel.  At least
five inches.  But when she began to tighten the lace, I knew she had put me into
a boot.  Jordan pulled the laces very tight and did the same for the other foot.

	I did not know what I looked like but I felt sexy.  It was also strange,
but I felt powerful even though I had no control or say in what was happening.

	Jordan then said, "I think its time to lose the bra."  I should have
felt embarrassed but after all that had gone on tonight, this did not bother me. 

	Jordan removed my bra and I could feel the erectness of my nipples.  In
fact, it felt as though they were straining to push out farther.  Jordan lightly
kissed my nipples and breast.  I was going to go over the edge again.  Just as I
was about to climax, Jordan stopped.

	I felt the coldness of leather straps going over my shoulders and in the
front of my body.  Jordan told me that it was time to be harnessed.  I did not
know what that meant but I was about to find out.  I felt Jordan behind me
tightening a strap above my breasts.  I felt another strap tighten just below my
breasts.  A third on tightened around my stomach.  Each of these straps secured
my arms to my back.  The handcuffs were no longer restraining my arms, these
straps were.  But Jordan never took the handcuffs off.  They remained as
ornaments of what I had started when I first put them on.

	I was shocked when I felt Jordan's hand reach from behind me and through
my legs.  Another strap was apparently there.  I shuddered again when Jordan's
hand grazed my groin.  I felt intense pressure when the strap replaced her hand. 
Once the straps were secured Jordan informed me that it was now time to tighten
them.  I thought, "Tighten them?  Aren't they tight enough?"  Each strap was
tightened by Jordan until I felt each leather strap bite into my flesh just as
the ballgag had to my face.  It was a curious feeling.  It should have been
painful but it just felt secure.  It felt good.  It did however restrict my
chest and every breath was a reminder that there were these straps around my
body.

	I was adjusting to my bondage when Jordan said, "I am going to remove
the blindfold and gag so that I can put a hood over your head.  Do not speak to
me while the gag is off or you will be punished.  Nod your head for me if you
understand."

	I nodded forward and back.  I felt Jordan move my hair to release the
gag.  It was then that she discovered I had not used the padlock.  "Tsk, tsk.  I
thought I told you to padlock this gag.  This good girl has been bad.  A bad
girl must be punished."

	It was a mistake.  I forgot to put the padlock on.  I tried to tell
Jordan but the gag was still on.  Jordan was not interested in my pleadings.

	 Jordan went to a cabinet and picked out a whip.  It was a short one
with a leather loop on the end of it.  Jordan raised her hand and struck hard on
my backside.  I was not prepared for it.  I heard a 'whoosh' at the same time
the whip hit my ass.  I screamed into the gag.  I felt an intense burning
sensation that was replaced by a prickly sensation.  I had never been whipped
before.  Some playful spankings but that was it.
	
	Jordan told me that I should be thankful she hit me only once with the
whip.  She began to rub the area that she struck and said, "I don't want to
punish you.  Please be a good girl.  Please be a good slave."  I nodded
affirmatively.
	
	Jordan then said, "I am going to remove the gag and the blindfold.  Do
not speak to me while the gag is off.  You will be punished if you do."  I knew
what that meant and I was not about to be punished again.
	
	Jordan stood in front of me and pulled my head forward.  She moved my
hair away from the gag's buckle and released it.  It felt good as the muscles in
my jaw were still aching from earlier.  The blindfold was next.
	
	Once my eyesight adjusted to the room, I was astonished at what I saw. 
Jordan was standing before me, but it did not look anything like her.  She had
on five inch heels, black fishnet stockings, a black latex leotard which had
openings exposing her breasts, she wore elbow length black latex gloves and had
on a black latex hood which covered everything except her eyes, a small portion
of her nose and her red lips.  An opening on the hood allowed her long blond
hair to extend out in a ponytail.  It was obviously a wig as Jordan had short
blond hair.  Jordan stood with her feet apart and holding the whip that I had
just experienced.  Standing before me was a powerful woman.  This was not the
playful and somewhat irresponsible 21 year-old that I knew.
	
	I stopped myself from saying "Wow!" but I meant it and wanted to say it. 
Jordan looked every bit the Mistress that she had been playing.

	Jordan wasted no time in getting the latex hood that I was going to
wear.  It was red and very tight.  Jordan slipped the latex over my head and
pulled tightly.  I felt the restriction all over my face.  There were openings
for my eyes, for my nose and my mouth.  I could tell that I was to have the same
blond wig that Jordan was wearing.  Oh, I thought, "Blonds do have more fun."  I
began to snicker but quickly stopped when Jordan stopped what she was doing and
gave me a stern look.

	Jordan began tightening the laces on the hood and the pressure equalized
on the hood.  It felt great.  I had all but forgotten that Doris was coming home
until Jordan said she had to hurry.

	Jordan picked up the ballgag that she had just removed and told me,
"Open for me."  This time I did not hesitate; I opened my mouth as wide as the
hood allowed me.  The gag was going to be difficult to get behind my teeth but
with a little effort, Jordan pushed the red ball behind my teeth and I was again
gagged.  Jordan tightened the straps to where she had them at my house.  Much
tighter than what I had done. 

	I saw Jordan walking towards the bathroom.  She was gorgeous.  I wanted
her to help me find my physical release that was building in me since I took the
shower.  Jordan came out of the bathroom with the padlock dangling in her black
latex wrapped fingers.  We aren't going to forget this a second time are we?  I
move my head left and then right.

	Jordan said, "You are a good girl.  You've learned quickly   I think I
will call you my own little slave.  This slave needs a new name.  Your new name
will be Lori.  I like that.  Lori, do you like your new name?"

	I nodded yes.  I was hers and she knew it.

	"Well Lori, why don't we secure those legs of yours."  Jordan went to
the cabinet and pulled out a pair of leg irons.  I thought they were just a
large pair of handcuffs until Jordan called them leg irons.  Jordan kneeled down
and opened the leg iron to secure it around my right ankle.  The chain between
the cuffs was no more than 12 inches and I could still move my legs even after
Jordan secured my left ankle.  Again, small favors.

	That favor did not last long as I looked down and saw Jordan securing
the chain to an eyebolt that was hidden in the carpet.  That restricted my legs
so that I could only move my legs two inches to either side.  Jordan stood up
and unhooked the chain that was attached to my collar.  "Can't have any
accidents."  I did not understand why Jordan said that but that too would become
obvious in a few moments.  

	Jordan took the key to the padlock that secured my ankles and put it on
the ring that held the keys to my handcuffs and gag.  She held another key up-I
didn't know what that was for and Jordan knew it.  She pointed up towards the
rafter and I knew my leash must have been secured by another padlock.  She took
the loose end of the leash in her hand and hooked it back onto my collar and
released it again as she said, "See how easy it will be to chain you to the
ceiling again."  I knew she was right as the chain dangled in front of me.  All
these keys, the keys to my freedom, were put on one ring.

	Jordan then opened the cabinet door and pulled out a small white box,
which she opened and put the keys in.  I was puzzled.  What was Jordan trying to
show me?  Jordan closed the box and secured it with a padlock that was painted
bright yellow.  Jordan looked at me and said, "I know you must be wondering. 
The yellow padlock has only one key to it.  I don't have it.  Doris is the only
one with the key."  Jordan then placed the box on a table on the far side of the
room.

	I knew there was no escape.  Any chance that Jordan might change her
mind was now gone.  Jordan no longer held the keys to my release; Doris did and
she did not even know it.  I felt the warm rush of shame flood my face again. 
No one could tell though because of the latex hood.  I wasn't angry with Jordan;
although, I should have been.  I was just embarrassed.

	Jordan went to the table with the box that held my freedom and began to
write something.  After a few minutes, Jordan looked at me and told me how
beautiful I looked.  She then approached me and kissed the ballgag that was
embedded in my mouth.  I felt the need for more, for so much more.  I wanted her
kisses.  I wanted her hot breath on my body.  I wanted her touch.  But I was
denied.  Jordan jumped back and said, "I better get ready myself."

	Ready for what I wondered.  My question was soon answered.  Jordan moved
to the wall on my right and put a leather cuff on each of her ankles and each of
her wrists.  I strained to see what she was doing but it was clear, Jordan was
going to restrain herself.  Once the cuffs were on, Jordan picked up a red
ballgag like mine.  She pushed the ball deep into her mouth and pulled the
straps behind her head.  I saw her pick up a padlock and lock the gag.

	Jordan picked up the stool, stood on it and reached deep into the
rafter.  A long pole with eyehooks on the each end was pulled down.  A heavy
chain secured it to the rafter.  Jordan reached down and padlocked together the
leather cuffs on her ankles.  Jordan then reached above and secured her right
wrist to the pole with a padlock.  She then carefully reached up with her left
wrist and secured it with another padlock.

	Jordan took a deep breath through her nose and looked over at me.  I was
impressed with her flexibility and her ability to firmly secure herself against
the wall.  It was then that Jordan grabbed the pole and lifted her legs off the
stool.  With her feet, she kicked the stool away from her and slowly lowered
herself.  Her hands were outstretched about three feet and her toes barely
touched the floor.  Without the stool, it was clear that there was a great deal
of tension on her suspended arms.  I thought to myself, "Truly amazing."

	I was lost in the moment.  I forgot that Doris was coming.  I forgot
about Jordan.  I was lost in my own sexual bliss.  After a few moments I felt
like I was exploding.  It was the biggest and most intense orgasm I had ever
felt.  My entire body was bucking.  I wanted to touch myself but couldn't.  I
screamed in ecstasy but no one heard. 

	I don't know how long it was but my attention was brought back to
reality when I heard the sound off the garage door opening.  I heard Doris'
voice "Is anyone down there?" 

	I heard Doris come down the steps and looked directly at her.  She
looked directly at me and began to walk towards me.  I wanted to die.  My best
friend was seeing me in a way that I didn't even know existed a few hours ago. 
Doris raised her hand and touched my hooded face.  She spoke, "My aren't you a
pretty little thing." 

	She looked over at Jordan and said, "Does she have a name?"  Doris
didn't recognize me.  She didn't know that behind the hood was her best friend
for the past five years.  How could she I reasoned, my face was hidden behind a
red latex mask, a large red ball was stuffed in my mouth and a blond wig
extended out the hood.

	Jordan grunted from behind her gag.  Doris said as she walked towards
Jordan, "I don't quite understand you."  Jordan again grunted and motioned with
her restrained hand toward the table. 

	"Very well, I will look on the table."  On it and beneath the white box
that held the keys to my restraints was the note that Jordan had written.  Doris
picked up the paper and read.  I was afraid the paper would tell Doris who I
was.  But I was also afraid the paper wouldn't tell Doris who I was.

	Doris read aloud.  "Dear Mistress:  i went to Lori's house today and
found her playing with the handcuffs she has on and the ballgag.  we decided to
play.  Lori has agreed to be my slave.  Since i have submitted to you, Lori is
also your slave.  we are yours for the weekend.  we have agreed to submit to you
the entire time.  Lori's only request is that she be gagged at all times and
that she be hooded at all times.  Lori's a shy one but she is fun to play with. 
yours in submission, jordan."

	Did I hear that right?  Doris thinks my name is Lori.  I am to be gagged
the entire weekend?  I am to submit to Doris?  I can't stay here the entire
weekend.  I have to be at work tomorrow.  I have to pick up the china.  I have
to feed Barney.  None of that matter to Doris because she did not even know that
it was I, Stacey, her best friend.  All she knew was that the girl in front of
her was named Lori and that girl had agreed to be a slave for the weekend.

	Doris had a huge smile on her face.  "Two slaves for the weekend.  I am
lucky."
	
	Doris moved toward me and stopped directly in front of me.  She lifted
the chain that was dangling from the rafter and attached the leash back onto my
collar.  Doris moved in closer and whispered gently but confidently towards my
ear, "Ready to play?"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Res Ipsa


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





