BDSM Library - Raping Helena




Raping Helena
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: On their honeymoon, Helena and her husband lose big at the tables in Vegas. She agrees to pay off the debt by being sold to a man to be used as his toy.
The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in
locations in which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read. 
This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited
without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except may by
posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive
sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please! Give me comments.  


I wrote a story entitled "Winning Denver". Celeste's review (see Celestial
Reviews 277 - April 22, 1998) was disappointing but very fair. This is a rewrite
of that story. The character is now from the capitol of Montana rather than
Colorado. The verb has been changed for reasons which shall be obvious when you
read the story.




RAPING HELENA

Las Vegas is America's adult amusement park.  I try to spend two or three weeks
a year there to gamble and enjoy the other festivities. I am never a big winner
or loser unless you consider $20,000 a trip big.  At thirty-seven, I was in my
fifteenth year of Vegas trips, and over the years, I was actually ahead by more
than a hundred thousand. 

I always stay at the same place and gamble there much of the time. As a regular,
I get the freebies they offer to generate repeat business, such as lunches,
drinks or tickets to the shows. Each trip I find a nice girl to share my bed a
few times, which is part of the Vegas appeal. No street walkers. Call girls.
Pretty and clean. 

On the first night of a two-week stay, I gambled until five in the morning. 
When I called it a night, I was seventy thousand ahead, which made for sweet
dreams someone rudely interrupted by knocking at my door.  As I stumbled to
answer, the clock read ten thirty.  It was Walt Simpson, the assistant security
chief, who I had gotten to know over the years.   A hard-nosed SOB with some old
Mafia ties, he did a fine job for the casino, handling all the tough problems
while his pretty boy boss looked good for the Gaming Commission.

"Having a good trip, Dan?" he asked as I let him in.

"So far, Walt. What the hell do you want at this hour?"

"Planning on utilizing any of the females this time?"

"Like always. Got anybody special in mind?"

"Yeah. I do. You know this is top secret, Dan."  That was Walt's code for
telling me if I mouthed this off, my legs got broken.

"Well, let me hear."

Walt told me an appealing story, a story I had heard other times but always
believed to be an urban myth. A young couple on their honeymoon got caught up in
the gambling and were down a total of $26,000 to three different casinos.  Both
husband and wife had gambled, but the wife dropped ten grand at the crap tables
in another casino. That particular casino still had mob ties and was not a good
place to leave a bad marker.  Walt agreed to handle the collection for all three
places. Whether the couple knew it or not, they were better off with Walt than
with his counterparts.

"The woman has agreed to work it off, so to speak."   

I studied his face but found nothing there. The term poker face was invented for
Walt and guys like him.

Suddenly, my cock came to attention. Walt, who never missed anything, relaxed
enough to let a twinkle come in his eye when he saw.  The idea really intrigued
me. But, why? Was it the rape since she was being leveraged into doing it? Her
age and innocence?  Was it fucking someone else's bride on their honeymoon, or,
just fucking another man's wife while he watched?

I guess Walt knew I was thinking hard because he waited patiently as thoughts, I
must admit, sexy, even obscene, thoughts, bounced around in my head.  Whatever
the reason, I agreed to meet them. Walt waited as I quickly dressed.  As we
walked down the hall toward his office,  I made up my mind. "Walt, I will do it,
if she is attractive."  He did not change expressions when he said,  "She is a
little small and lean for my taste, but she is attractive." 

Subject to meeting her, I agreed to the deal.  I would get the woman for the
thirteen days remaining in my vacation on a twenty-four hour, no questions
asked, all orders followed happily basis.  They got the bad guys off their back. 
Walt and his friends got their money,  $26,000 to be taken from the bank I had
on deposit with the casino's cashier.

Her name was Helena, which she explained was because she was born there, the
love child of hippie parents.  She was twenty-one. His name was Toby.  Scared to
death since Walt and his boys had more than a few long talks with them, they
knew they were in very deep trouble with very bad people. She had been crying,
but now was deathly still and quiet except for a few involuntary, intermittent
shakes.  Toby was catatonic.  As Walt sat back studying the unhappily married
couple, I addressed her.

"Talk to me.  Tell me whether you understand what is going on here." 

Since I had arrived, she had not yet looked directly at me.   Still looking at
me only obliquely, her eyes flitted between her husband and me, lighting but a
second on either of us, continually moving in her embarrassment.

"He asked you a question," Toby said. I caught a glimpse of sexual desire
reflected in his voice which surprised me.  I wondered if anyone else caught it.
When I glanced at Walt, I knew he had heard Toby the way I had.

"I will be a whore.  I..."

Her voice cracked and she began to sob, tiny, little gasps released under great
pressure as she fought to maintain her composure.  She was so pathetic, at first
I wanted to comfort her, but I did not.  It was neither the time nor place for
comfort. Had it been, it was Toby's responsibility and he made no move toward
her. 

But, that is not the reason I abstained from comforting her.  I was enjoying her
turmoil, her slide into the depths of despair.  I realized my own deep desire
which drove me to participate in this game was her unwilling sexual submission .
. .  her rape.  My cock was hard as a rock and my heart was pounding at the
thought.

Eventually,  she took a long, deep breath, and slowly it let it out.   Still,
she had not looked at me. As if relating a tale of death in her family, she
spoke in a dark monotone.

"I know what I have to do and I will do it.  I will be a bride on her honeymoon,
being happy about having wild sex, doing anything the man tells me to do, except
the man will not be my husband."  Her voice would break the heart of a statue,
but it was so erotic, I thought I would be spilt open.

"Anything else?"

"No pain. They promised me no pain if I cooperated."

"Listen," Walt said, seizing our attention.  Mesmerized by him, we listened in
quiet horror as Walt related a story of a woman who tried to negotiate her way
out of having sex with the man who paid for her losses.  At the instruction of
the casino bosses, she was brutally gang raped by seven men.  Walt was making it
perfectly clear to Helena cooperation with me was much better than the
alternative, and making me understand I was to complete my part in this drama.

I was watching Toby and Helena as Walt spoke. Toby acted sexually aroused and I
wondered what the hell was going on.  At the end of Walt's tale, Helena, for a
second, looked at me directly for the first time.  It was the expression a
prisoner gives the hangman, or, was it something more?

"Well?"  Walt asked. There was a long silence.  

"I can do this," Helena said very softly as if trying to convince herself rather
than communicate to us.  I hoped she could do it because the fantasy of her
being with me under these circumstances was quickly growing in me. When she
reached the point where she looked at me openly, I knew she was ready for the
next step.

"Helena? Do we have a deal?"

"Yes.  We have a deal," she whispered.  

Toby was a study in conflict. His eyes were wide, scared, but not angry. I saw
lust in them, and apprehension.  Was Toby getting off at seeing his wife in this
predicament?

"Toby, I suggest you leave Vegas.  Go back home.  We will send your wife to you
when we are finished with her."  Walt's voice left little room for discussion,
but Toby jumped to answer.

"No. I want to see . . . "  He froze, sweat breaking out on his face.  She saw
in his face what we all saw.  We all were beginning to understand why he let her
gamble, why he did not protect her as he should have . . .  as he promised to do
as he stood by her on the altar just a few days ago.  Consciously or
subconsciously, it really makes no difference, he had set her up for a fall. 

She knew now what had happened.  She started to weave as if she might faint, but
fell into a straight chair.  We all waited as her ravaged mind pieced together
the puzzle of her life as it existed at this moment.  "Go away, Toby.  Go home. 
I will call you when they are through with me.  We can talk then."

"Helena, I want . . . "  Walt stood, waving his arm to cut off Toby. "You heard
her.  The lady has decided." 

She accompanied me to my room, then put away her few clothes the bellman brought
in her luggage. She looked exhausted.  When I suggested she take a nap, she
mumbled a thanks and fell on the bed, asleep before I left the room.

The ball game was in progress on the television. I was sitting in my boxers and
T-shirt, reading the newspaper, sipping a chardonnay, as I kept abreast of the
televised action.  Some ironic broadcasting god caused a public service
announcement for Gamblers Anonymous to be playing on the TV as the door to the
bedroom opened.  

She looked dreadful in a beautiful, helpless, sensual way, which, while seeming
to be a contradiction, accurately describes her appearance.  I could not
understand but only empathize with the feelings of betrayal and abandonment she
must have felt when she realized her husband maneuvered her into this situation.
I could sympathize with her feelings of helplessness and humiliation at what lay
ahead.  But, that empathy did not deter me from my part in this play.  It made
me want the play to continue.  I deeply desired what was going to happen,
without regard for the consequences to her. 

She watched me now, her down-turned eyes slipping up to mine from under long
lashes, then darting away again. Slowly, she walked to the middle of the room,
about four paces from me.


"Where is Toby?"

"Gone. On a plane to the coast."

"May I sit down?"

I patted the couch by me.  She moved as if every muscle and bone in her body
ached before sitting primly, legs together, hands folded in her lap, eyes always
averted from me.

"What is going to happen?"

"You know that. Don't pretend you do not understand."

"Please, don't do it to me," she begged, unable even to look at me, turning to
give me a three-quarter view of her face which was angled down. But, her eyes
flashed up at me once. 

"You heard Walt. You will cooperate!  Do I need to call him?  Do you want seven
men to fuck you instead of just one?"

She never responded.  She never moved. She was a lump, devoid of emotion, dead
inside.  It was I who spoke next.

"Go take a shower, change clothes. Wear something casual. I am ordering in room
service.  Would you like to eat?"  She nodded imperceptibly as she fought to
stand.  She struggled to walk to the bedroom.  Soon, I heard the shower.  A
suicide attempt by her crossed my mind, but somehow I knew she was too tough for
that.  Still, I wondered if I was correctly reading all the signals she was
sending me.   

By the time the food arrived, she had showered and was sitting on the couch in a
pretty blouse and a skirt which came to about three inches above her knee. 
Dinner was a strange affair. Conversation attempts fell flat.  We both ate a
reasonable meal, however, with a bottle of wine to wash it down.   The tension,
so thick you could not cut it with the steak knives room service delivered, 
never eased. 

After dinner, she excused herself for a few minutes. When she returned, she sat
on the opposite side of the room in a straight chair by the desk.  I sipped my
wine, ostensibly watching the last of the ball game, but really watching her
from the corner of my eye.

Helena again sat on the edge of the seat, back straight, hands folded primly,
knees together, a picture of demure womanhood. She never looked my way unless
she thought I was not watching her.  Then, I would catch her staring at me with
an expression I had trouble reading because of the way I was watching her.  When
the game was over, I clicked off the tube, sat down my drink, and sat on the
edge of the couch, facing her.

"Stand up and let me see you, Helena."

Helena's head popped up to stare at me, her eyes big and frightened.  She turned
a scarlet red and shook her head 'no'.  My immutable stare told her to proceed. 
She stood, a tear coming to her eye as she began unbuttoning her blouse.

There is something very erotic about forcing a woman sexually, about taking her
to or beyond her limits.   She seemed unaware her hesitation, and the slow,
rhythmic pace of her undressing increased its erotic impact, as did the begging
in her eyes.  

My mind flashed to Gina, a wild Italian I had dated before she hooked a doctor. 
Gina loved sex and was a master at building tension, of making foreplay itself
so special and unique, intercourse was almost anticlimactic.  Gina knew how to
make a man force her: how to maneuver him into making her surrender to him, take
her against her apparent will.  She would surrender with elan. The eroticism
that dance with her generated fueled dreams for a lifetime. Now, Helena was
generating that kind of heat, all be it without intent and with consequences,
real or imagined, if she did not comply.  

Had she looked away, or looked angry or disgusted, the spell would have been
broken.  But, her eyes continually transmitted their message of humbling and
involuntary submission which the rhythm of her hands reinforced.  It was a slow,
desperate dance by one building desire in another.

Clad now only in a bra and panties, with her hips turned so her leg blocked my
frontal view and her arms covered her breasts modestly, she finally verbalized
what her eyes and body had been saying: "Please, don't make me . . . "

I said nothing. I had no compunction about making her, forcing her to submit to
my demands, to bear my weight when I was ready. It was the incredible, exquisite
tension she was building I wished to continue for as long as possible.  My cock
had never been that hard.  I wanted her to continue at her own pace, the pace
which was driving me to unprecedented levels of desire.

I could see her back straighten as a hand slipped behind her to release her bra.
The bra fell loose, but not away, trapped against her breasts by her arm.  She
looked away and closed her eyes.  Slowly, with one hand, she began to slip the
panties off her hips and down her legs.  She looked like "September Morn," her
side to me, body curled to hide her nudity, protecting herself as best she could
with only her hands and arms, panties trapped around one trim ankle like a white
flag of surrender. 

Did she realize how delicious she looked? How helpless, how feminine, with her
ass and legs so perfectly posed to arouse the animal in a man?  Did she realize
she was driving me wild with desire? 

Again, I neither moved nor spoke, letting her work her way through it, giving
her time to adjust.  When she finally looked at me again, she stared openly, as
if looking away was more than she could bear.  Looking into her big, doe eyes, I
was stunned and excited by her expression. It was sexual desire and a pleading
for tenderness,  more than a reflection of humiliation.  It was need as well as
embarrassment.  Or, was I mistaken, my own desire clouding my vision?  It made
no difference. I was driven on.  

"Move your hands away and let me see you."

She sobbed audibly and quivered.  Tears, absent except for one lone tear since
we first began, rolled silently down her face.  Her hands clenched, knuckles
white, muscles in her arms corded, as she fought to do what she knew she must. 
She turned, like a steel bar being slowly torqued to straightness, until she
faced me, legs together, arms rigid by her side, eyes clenched shut, her face a
grimace. 

Who knows what in a woman appeal to a man?  What one man sees as sexual and
physical perfection, another finds only vaguely attractive.  Helena hit me right
on target.

"You are magnificent." 

It was muted, said very unintentionally, just an honest comment slipping out
when not expected.  She looked very surprised, even pleased,  I had said it, as
a slow blush crawled up from her belly to cover her face, a red glow to
emphasize her sad, passive eyes.

I waited until her hands fell open by her side and the tension lines in her face
slackened.  I walked to her slowly, watching her eyes widen, tensions return as
she stared unblinking, fear evident in her frozen face. With the tip of a finger
under her chin, I guided her head upwards and held it there as I softly kissed
her lips.  Her lips were cool and clammy, evidence of her mental state. Once
again, she was rigid as she waited to be taken. But, did her eyes have a hint of
something?

Part of me, specifically the part sticking out like a tree desperate to be
planted, wanted to take her that instant.  But, the larger part wished to
continue the slow torture she had begun. I slowly walked around her, dragging my
left hand across her cool skin as I did. I could feel her flesh moving under my
fingertips.

I stopped in front, leaning into her, letting my hard cock brush her pubis
through the protective layer of the boxer's cotton cloth, as I kissed her again,
feeling her lips part slightly. I half-expected her to flee. She stood rooted in
place.

Now, I wished to bring my desire to fever pitch. All my movements were slow,
obvious, visible to her, so her reactions would reflect in her face for me to
see. I brought both hands up in her line of vision and lowered them again to cup
her breasts. She twitched as if jolted by electricity,  as my hands closed on
her high, firm breasts and my thumbs found her nipples.  Anguish ruled her eyes,
her lips curled in terror, but her body, except for small tremors not
controllable by her, was still, letting me do as I wished.

Did I misread again, or did desire flicker for an instant? Why were her nipples
so hot and hard in my hand, like the nipples of women who wanted my hands there,
not like a woman being raped?

I continued to enjoy her body with my hands, enjoy her emotions with my eyes, as
I touched her, all of her, slowly, decadently.  I leaned to kiss the tender cusp
between neck and shoulder, where the collarbone disappears, feeling the hot
flesh under my lips. Moving slightly to stand to her left, I brought my left
hand under her chin as my right found the cheek of her ass.  She gasped as I
squeezed, digging my fingers into her flesh. Fingers under her jawbone, I
lifted, forcing her on tip toes, feeling the hard ass-muscle tighten in my hand. 
She was stretching and the ass muscle spasmed under the pressure of my grip,
sending a jolt to my already overwrought cock.

My right hand released. She shifted her weight foot to foot, trying to balance. 
The tension is my left arm made it spasm as I continued to force her head in the
air. The middle finger of my hand moved across the furrow at the top of her ass
where back and ass join, to the divide, sliding down to rest on the puckered
entrance, testing it.

"Please," she squeaked as my finger moved back and forth, and her ass hole
throbbed in response, tightening to repel penetration, then, relaxing again.

"NO!"  She jumped, squealing as I swatted her ass cheek hard, trying to flee but
my hand was in her hair holding her close to me. Her lip quivered as tears again
started.  As she rubbed her ass with both hands, she could not take her eyes
from mine.  Her eyes begged me to let her go, be gentle, to give her mercy. 

I had no mercy to give.  This rape, this taking of her, controlled me as I
controlled her . . .  without mercy, without humanity, with an animal passion I
had never felt.

"Crawl into the bed, Helena." 

It did not even sound like me.  It was the voice of a lust-filled madman. I
watched the delightful sway of her ass as she crawled toward the bed, relishing
her subjugation and surrender as much as anything sexual I had ever done.  As
she crawled onto the bed, I pinned her with a harsh hand on the back of her neck
holding her against the mattress. My free hand dropped between her legs to pull
at the dark tuft, caress the curve of her ass, as she lay, half-on, half-off,
the bed with one knee and an extended foot supporting her weight.

When I released her, she moved again to lie in the center. I watched as she lay
face down, then, rolled over to look at me, her lower body still twisted, vainly
seeking protection from that which was to follow.

As I knee walked beside her, her fists clenched as her arms came in front of her
chest. Her hips turned, bringing her legs up in a defensive fetal position, and
those eyes never left mine. I swatted her again, leaving the print of a palm and
fingers in red on the white of her thigh. Her eyes were cowed now. Slowly, her
hands and legs moved, fists still clenched as they slowly fell to lay by her
head, legs straight out on the bed, together and locked.

"Open your legs so I can fuck you!"

One shake of her head saying 'no'.

I jammed my hard knee between her thighs, relishing the thrill of driving them
apart by brute strength, shifting my weight so my full two hundred pounds were
on the fulcrum.  She was strong, determined to resist to the end. I could feel
the muscles in her thighs quiver and strain as they fought to keep me from
between them.  

I saw a drop of red on her hand where a nail had spilt her own flesh in a clench
of emotional intensity. The sight of the blood exploded a memory from the
recesses of my subconscious. 

I was thirteen, with my father and uncle in the heavy brush of far south Texas
on a deer hunt.  I had shot my first deer, hitting a doe in the shoulder with a
flat shot from about eighty yards.  Ignoring my father's yells to be careful
with a loaded rifle, I ran toward the deer, who was mortally wounded but
struggling to flee.  I was panting, gasping, as I stood beside her.  She was
breathing rapidly and raggedly, her struggling almost over, as she lay dying at
my feet.

"You can't let her suffer, son," Dad said, his hand firm on my shoulder.   "We
need to put her out of her misery."  He told me how to do it and gave me his
hunting knife.

In one swift, brutal stroke, I drove the blade of his hunting knife into the
doe's throat, severing the cartoroid artery. Blood flowed from her neck as the
light in her eyes flickered and died. The doe shuddered violently, releasing air
from her wounded lungs in the rattle of death. 

It was those eyes . . .  of the doe in the last seconds of her life, just before
the uncomprehendable and overpowering knowledge of imminent death vanished with
life itself . . .  I saw in Helena's face at that moment.  I felt her resistance
end and the muscles in her legs relax.

A hand on each knee, I pulled her legs up and apart, bending and spreading them,
opening her, rolling her hips up to give me the angle I desired. Her fists
relaxed,  revealing the hole in her palm, the blood oozing to form a red slash
in mute acknowledgment of her sacrifice.

Bending her double, I lodged the tip of my cock between the lips of her pussy.
In that instant in which I was poised at her gates, I felt her love juices thick
around my cock head and the bloated fullness of her lower lips. Yet, from the
corner of my eye, I saw the blood in her hand where her nail had penetrated her
skin. I seized a wrist in each hand, trapping her hands by her head, shifting my
weight to power my cock into her using my hands on her trapped wrists for
balance.

I saw her doe eyes flicker and change as I drove my cock into her in one, swift,
brutal stroke.

Time stood still as I froze, like a statue, my cock buried in her, my eyes
burning into hers.  I could feel her cervix against my cock head.  I could feel
her heat and slickness around my shaft, a spasm of her pussy walls around me.  I
could feel the inside of her thighs from my rib cage to my crotch, and the front
of her calves under my arms.  I could hear her ragged breathing, see the labored
rise and fall of her breasts. I could smell her heat, her fear, her desire. 

I could see her eyes: her soft, woman's eyes. 

Helena shuddered violently, releasing air in a hushed but unmistakable murmur.

"Please. Don't stop."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  E.Z. Riter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





