BDSM Library - Deed of slave Ownership




Deed of slave Ownership
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is not a story. It is a sample slave agreement. It deals with the consensual enslavement of a willing femsubmaso. It has been drafted to provide the framework for enslavement to exist, as far as possible, in the real world, and to regulate any eventuality which may occur. Remember that a slave agreement is not legally binding and cannot be enforced in any Court of Law. Without an authority to which parties to an agreement may turn to enforce their rights, the agreement is not worth the paper it is written on. For that reason, the sample slave agreement makes reference to the imaginary.
DEED OF SLAVE OWNERSHIP

IN AND TO THE SLAVE PROPERTY KNOWN AS "PAIN-SLUT" (for example)

A.	INTRODUCTION

In signing the Deed of slave Ownership, the female submissive masochist is
voluntarily enslaved, and is the Owner's property.  The Deed of slave Ownership
sets out the rules by which the slave property will live by establishing its
rights and obligations.   Finally, it is documentary proof of ownership in and
to the said slave property
.
B.	DEFINITIONS

1.	the slave property - 	is the female submissive masochist who has voluntarily entered
 				into this Deed of slave Ownership and who is now the property 					of another, the Owner.
2.	the Owner -		is the person (male or female) (or a group of people or an 						organisation (including the Slave's Court)) who, at any time, 					owns the slave and has all rights in and to the slave property.
3.	capacity to sign - 	the female submissive masochist has the capacity to sign the 					Deed of slave Ownership if:-
				she is not under any personal threat;
				she is not under the influence of any drug or 	alcohol; 
				she has no dependents nor any other obligation which may or 					will prevent her from delivering on her undertakings, and;
				she is at least 21 years of age (failing which, she must be 						assisted by her legal guardian).

 C.	GENERAL EXPECTATIONS

KNOW ALL THAT IT MAY CONCERN THAT I:-
(insert full legal name and nationality and passport number)
HEREINAFTER CALLED THE SLAVE PROPERTY WITH THE SLAVE NAME "PAIN-SLUT" 
declare that I am a female submissive masochist, that I have the capacity to
sign this Deed of slave Ownership which I do voluntarily, and henceforth I am,
upon the terms and conditions following, enslaved and property.  

The slave property considers its undertakings in terms of the Deed of slave
Ownership to be wholly reasonable and to be binding upon the it, regardless of
circumstances, and the slave property expects all people, including any
Authority in any Court of Law in any land, to take cognisance thereof.

The slave property waives all rights that it may otherwise have in terms of any
Law in any Land and except for the rights contained in this Deed of slave
Ownership, it has no rights.

From the date of signature hereof and until the date of termination of the Deed
of slave Ownership, all right, title and interest in and to the slave property's
body and time are the Owner's who will be entitled, without any consideration
for the slave property nor its further consent, to any and all use of its body
and time (at any time or place and of any duration or severity) or to rent or to
sell or otherwise to dispose of its body and/or time.

D.	THE SLAVE PROPERTY'S UNDERTAKINGS

The slave property consents to any and all activities or uses of its body and
time, at any time or place and of any duration or severity, including (without
intending to be restrictive or prescriptive):-

1.	Any sexual contact with either or both sexes, one on one, or in groups
2.	Any role playing including, if required, a dominant role
3.	Any fetish including dress, piercings, tattoos or body modifications 
4.	Any torture or pain, discipline or punishment
5.	Any permanent or temporary bondage or restraint or caging or crating
6.	Any work (including work in the adult industry)
7.	Any exhibition or public use or activity (including humiliation)
8.	Any and all domestic work as the Owner's servant
9.	Any of the Owner's personal needs including toilet
10.	Any sale, loan or rent of the slave's body or time
11.	Any other use or activities as may, from time to time, be required by the Owner.

Consent is integral to the Deed of slave Ownership and fundamental to the
enslavement of the female submissive masochist.   While giving consent is
voluntary, once given, it is and must remain unconditional and consent may not
be withdrawn, altered, amended, restricted or made conditional (regardless of
circumstance or use or activity or the identity of the Owner) by the slave
property.

The purpose of the slave property is to please the Owner.  The slave property
expects that the Owner is a sadist and that it is and will be the subject of the
Owner's sadism.   The slave property expects that it will receive pain slave
training to reach orgasm when tortured and/or whipped.   The slave property has
no right to pleasure and must, at all times, request and obtain permission to
orgasm and by doing so without permission, is disrespectful and must repay
respects by being severely punished and/or tortured.  

Any slave property who orgasms during any punishment and/or torture for
climaxing without permission (regardless of any stimulation prior to and/or
during the punishment/torture, or of any  period of orgasm denial, or of any
pain slave training) has not repaid respects to the Owner and must be further
and more severely punished and/or tortured.

Further the slave property undertakes to:-
* dress (or be undressed) at any time or place, and groom, as instructed by the
Owner
* be clean and healthy and exercise regularly and diet and generally, endeavour
to be and remain the Owner's fantasy women
* be the Owner's companion and lover
* be faithful to the Owner and not to have relationships with others
* respect the Owner's right to have other (vanilla/Ds/Ms) relationships
	* not to orgasm without the Owner's consent (which may be denied)
	* maintain a state of sexual arousal by stimulation to the point of
orgasm (and to stop before climaxing) at least 6 times a day and at least once
every 3 hours while awake.  
* wear any token of slavery with pride and upon the Owner's instruction, to
display it to any person, at any time, including at all times as a public mark
of enslavement
* be respectful of the Owner and to comply immediately, unconditionally,
precisely and without complaint to any instruction (however bizarre or
unreasonable) received
* regular training as a pain slave
* avoid any situation which may result in the Deed of slave Ownership being
terminated
* adhere at all times with all standing instructions regarding dress,
deportment, speech and the manner of address of the Owner and other persons
* not close any door during any period of bathing, toilet or repose as the slave
has no right to privacy
* not deceive nor lie nor to keep anything secret from the Owner
	* tell the Owner of all sexual and slave fantasies
	* be punctual and to be at the right place at the right time
	* obtain the Owner's permission to move or to leave the room if the
Owner is present
	* any other demand made by the Owner.

If the slave property does not comply immediately and precisely with any of the
Owner's instructions (including standing instructions), or fails in any of its
undertakings, it will be punished at the discretion of the Owner who shall
determine the nature of the punishment, and its time and place and extent and
severity, provided that the Owner has the right to punish the slave property for
no reason except that it pleases the Owner to do so. 

The Owner may loan or rent the slave property to another person or place it for
a time under the control of another person, including for the purposes of
evaluating the slave property for its purchase, and for pain slave training.  
During any time that the slave property is under the control of another, it
shall extend to that other person all the undertakings that it has made in
favour of the Owner.

E.	PAIN SLAVE TRAINING

The slave property embraces any period of pain slave training as an opportunity
to improve itself as a pain slave and to test the limits of its consent and
endurance.   No slave property may decline any pain slave training regardless of
the identity of the trainer, nor the time, place, extent, severity or type of
the training program.   The purpose of pain training the slave property is to
condition it to reach orgasm when experiencing pain.   Advanced pain training
conditions the slave property to orgasm only if it is being tortured and/or
punished. 

Pain slave training is critical to the slave property's development and resale
value.   The slave property shall receive at least one continuous period of 14
days pain slave training each year.  Further and longer periods of pain slave
training may be ordered by the Owner.   Pain slave training must be contracted
out to another. Pain slave training should be as varied as possible and should
not always be conducted by the same trainer.   Activity limits must be respected
during pain slave training.  

The slave property may, at any time, request additional pain slave training
(which request may or may not be granted) provided that the slave property may
not determine nor influence the nature of the training nor the identity of the
trainer.

F.	THE OWNER'S RIGHT TO PRIVACY

At no time, and regardless of circumstance, shall the identity of the Owner be
made public.   The Owner has an absolute right to privacy and anonymity.

G.	ACTIVITY LIMITS

The slave property may refuse, without any repercussion or punishment, any
activity which:-

1.	involves children or animals
2.	can or will result in its death or permanent incapacitation
3.	can or will result in it contracting a STD
4.	is illegal and likely to result in its legal prosecution or that of the
Owner.

Aside from the above, the slave property consents to any and all other uses
and/or activities and has no "safe words" nor any other mechanism whereby it may
slow, suspend or stop any other use and/or activity.

H.	THE SLAVE PROPERTY'S RIGHTS

The female submissive masochist forfeited all rights that she may otherwise have
had under any Law in any Land, when she became slave property.   The rights of
the slave property are those contained in this Deed of slave Ownership, and
are:-

1.	To be healthy, fed, housed and (if allowed) clothed
2.	To avoid circumstances which may result in the Deed of slave Ownership
terminating
3.	Provision for the slave property's retirement to be made on a monthly
basis
4.	To be slave property and to be adequately and sufficiently used as such
5.	ACTIVITY LIMITS are respected
6.	To have access to the Slave Court to appeal for a sale order

If any of the slave property's rights are grossly violated, it has the right to
appeal to the Slave's Court for an order for its sale by its Owner.	

I.	ADEQUATE & SUFFICIENT USE AS A SLAVE

The female submissive masochist signed this Deed of slave Ownership, and became
slave property, in order that her masochistic needs could be fulfilled on an
ongoing basis in a severe and  uncompromising manner.   The slave property will
be deprived if the Owner is dilatory and does not use it adequately and
sufficiently as a pain slave.  

By way of guidance only, the Slave's Court will consider the slave property
sufficiently used if used for at least 16 hours per calendar month.  

Again by way of guidance only, the Slave's Court will consider the slave
property adequately used in any activity for which it must be restrained.  
Ordinarily, there will be a modicum of  abrasion of the skin and bleeding,
including non permanent and play piercings, skewers, nailings, cutting,
branding, saline injections, single tail whippings, extreme anal and vaginal
insertions, body modifications and extreme bondage as well as any period where
the slave property is nude (or if in any dress, the nipples, cunt and slave
markings are  completely visible) while in some form of bondage which prevents
it from hiding from any person who happens by in a public place (but not
including any time at a fetish club or fetish party).   Any permanent bondage or
piercing does not count to usage.

J.	THE SLAVE'S COURT

The Slave's Court serves the following functions:-

1.	Register slave properties
2.	Accreditation of slave properties
3.	Voluntary enslavement of slave properties, if there is no Owner
4.	Manage the slave's retirement fund
5.	If appropriate, order the Owner to sell the slave property
6.	Advertise slave properties "FOR SALE" by owner.
7.	Sell slave properties by AUCTION.

1.	Register slave properties

The slave property must, in the prescribed manner, register with the Slave's
Court which will issue it with a unique reference number.   Only registered
slave properties may appeal to the Slave's Court for an order for the Owner to
sell the slave property.  

A public slave register will be maintained with Internet access .  The register
will show the slave property's reference number, age, slave name, designation
and country.

In respect of any slave property which is FOR SALE (by the Owner), or is FOR
SALE BY AUCTION or is a RUNAWAY, its history (date of registration and
accreditation, number of Owners and time with each, identifying marks, slave
markings, etc.) and photographs of the slave property will also be made public.

The slave property will remain on the public register forever and will hold one
or another designation being:-

* OWNED slave				slave property with an Owner
* FOR SALE slave			slave property for sale by Owner
* FOR SALE BY AUCTION slave		slave property for sale by auction
* RUNAWAY slave				a slave who has runaway
* RETIRED slave				the Deed of slave Ownership has terminated.

2.	Accreditation of slave properties

Any slave may apply (and any Owner may apply and the slave may not refuse) to
the Slave's Court for accreditation.   At least 10 people shall witness the
accreditation ceremony which is conducted at the Slave's Court where the slave
property is:-

* nude or, if in any dress, it will be of rubber or leather and the cunt, arse,
breasts and any slave marks will be unobstructed and visible.    
* identified and all entries to the slave register are verified.
* restrained by being suspended, spread-eagled upon a tilt-able bondage frame. 
* tattooed with its unique slave registration number on the underside of the
left breast for the purposes of a permanent (visible) identification.
* subjected to a short discipline and torture session
* branded with the seal of the Slave's Court on the underside of the left
breast.

The short discipline session comprises 84 discipline strokes:-
* 12 strokes with a medium whip to each breasts, each ass cheek and the cunt,
* followed by 6 strokes with a single tailed whip across the back and finally,
* followed by 6 strokes with a cane to cut the slave property's arse.

Should the slave property faint, it will be revived.   The slave property must
count each stroke, say thank you after each stroke, and ask for another stroke.  
In the time honoured fashion of this practice, if the slave property should lose
count or fail to say thank you after each stroke, or fail to ask for another
stroke, the stroke count is zeroed to begin at one.  .  

Two needles will be pushed through each of the slave property's nipples and two
needles will be pushed through the right inner cunt lips.   Weights will be
suspended from all the needles.  The slave property will be brought to orgasm by
using vibrators, etc. 

The slave property's Owner may request any addition to the session.   Any slave
property who is enslaved at the Slave's Court will be permanently pierced in the
left outer cunt lip there to be ringed and dog  tagged.  The clitoris will be
pierced a fitted with a stretcher so that it will always be exposed to friction
from any clothes and to torture and whippings.

A slave property which has been accredited is identifiable and commands a much
higher value upon sale as its particulars are verified.
 
3.	Voluntary enslavement of slave properties, if there is no Owner

Any female submissive masochist who wishes to sign a Deed of slave Ownership and
be enslaved upon its terms and conditions, but who has no person who she can
approach, or who will accept her as the Owner, may request the Slave's Court to
act as the Owner, for the time being.   If, in the opinion of the Slave's Court,
the female submissive masochist is unlikely to be marketable as slave property,
it may decline her request.

Any female submissive masochist who is voluntarily enslaved at the Slave's Court
will immediately proceed to be ACCREDITED and put up FOR SALE BY AUCTION.

4.	Manage the slave's retirement fund

At a future date, the Deed of slave Ownership will terminate and the slave
property will retire.   For any period of ownership of the slave property, the
Owner will pay a monthly sum into a fund for its retirement.   A portion of that
contribution will be paid to the Slave's Court to cover Court costs and to
create a fund to rescue abandoned slaves.   The remainder will be invested for
the slave property's retirement when it will be paid out as a lump sum to allow
it to establish itself as a free woman in society again.

If any Owner refuses or is unable to pay the said monthly contribution, the
Slave's Court will order the slave sold (and recover arrear contributions out of
the sale proceeds).

5.	If appropriate, order the Owner to sell the slave property

The slave property has the right, at any time, to appeal to the Slave's Court
for an order for the Owner to sell the slave property if any of its rights have
been grossly violated.   If the order is granted, the slave property is saved
from an unsatisfactory situation while the Owner has the opportunity to recoup
any investment. 

The Slave's Court will hear testimony from witnesses for the slave property who
may also advance other evidence to support its appeal.    Likewise, the Owner
may seek to refute the evidence and the testimony of witnesses.   The Slave's
Court will only grant an order for the sale of the slave property if it is
satisfied that its rights have been grossly violated.  

The Owner may be granted a period not in excess of 90 days to arrange a private
sale.   If the slave property has not been sold within this period, or if the
Owner elects to leave the sale of the slave property a matter for the Slave's
Court to attend to, the slave property will be listed "FOR SALE BY AUCTION".
  
If the Slave's Court determines that the slave property acted disrespectfully to
the Owner and the matter brought before the Court was unreasonable or frivolous,
it may order that the slave property be punished.   If, in the opinion of the
Official of the Slave's Court, the slave property is, for any reason, including
speaking when not invited to do so,  in contempt of the Court, it shall be
punished.  All orders of the Slave's Court against the slave property will be
entered on to the slave property's record.

The slave property making the application shall be restrained for the duration
of proceedings (to receive any punishment order should this become necessary)
but shall not be prevented from hearing nor speaking (when required to do so).

Court etiquette for all slaves, including any slave which is a witness or an
observer, is to be undressed (naked) in the Court.   If the slave property is
wearing any form of dress, it should be fetish  (rubber or leather) and it may
not obstruct its nipples nor its cunt nor any slave marks, all of which must be
completely visible.   Bondage and restraint devices and jewelry do not comprise
dress.

Court Officials and Owners may be clothed in a manner which is not demeaning to
the Court or wear their choice of fetish wear.  

6.	Advertise slave properties "FOR SALE" by owner.

The Owner may at any time, upon payment of the prescribed fee, post an
advertisement on the Slave's Court web site for the sale of the slave property.  
The Owner will establish  the terms and conditions of the sale and the proceeds
from the sale will accrue to the Owner.
 
7.	Sell slave properties by AUCTION.

The slave property will be auctioned if it has been enslaved at the Slave's
Court, or if it has become abandoned, or if the Owner has requested auction of
the slave property, or if the Slave's Court has granted the slave property an
order for sale of the slave property which the Owner has not timeously complied
with.

All slave properties sold by auction are the property of the Slave's Court until
sold.   The Slave's Court demands of all its slave properties that they be
accredited if not yet accredited.  Details and pictures of the slave property
"FOR SALE BY AUCTION" will be posted on the Slave's Court web site.   The amount
of the latest (highest) bid will be disclosed.   Bidding will be open for a
period of 21 days.   The slave property will be sold to the highest bidder.

10% of the sale price will be retained by the Slave's Court to cover costs.  The
balance of the sale proceeds will be applied to any arrear payments to the slave
property's retirement fund.   Any remainder will be paid to the selling Owner,
if any, or accrued to a trust fund for costs of rescuing abandoned slave
properties.

K.	THE SLAVE PROPERTY'S POSSESSION

Before or immediately upon signature of the Deed of slave Ownership, the slave
property will strip naked.   It will hand over to the Owner its passport and
identification documents and any other thing on its person including cash,
jewelry and clothes.   The Owner will lock up the slave property's passport and
identification papers.   The Owner will decide what, if any, of the slave
property's possessions it may keep and dispose of the rest.   This does not
include any medication that the slave property ordinarily takes nor its
spectacles, etc.  The Owner will be responsible, from that moment, to provide
for all of the slave property's needs.

Upon the sale of the slave property, it will strip naked and hand back to the
Owner everything that it has in its possession.   As it was naked and without
any possessions when it met its Owner, so it leaves its Owner.   Its passport
and identification papers will be delivered to the New Owner along with the Deed
of slave Ownership.

L.	SLAVE PROPERTY'S JOURNAL

Upon enslavement, the slave property will be given a plain book to serve as a
journal in which the slave property will enter all its use and training as slave
property.   From time to time, the Owner will review the journal and make any
alterations considered necessary and initial each page of entry.   The journal
is the slave property's sole possession.   The journal will be presented for
review by any person who asks to see it.   Any slave property which loses its
journal shall be punished.

M.	PRE-ENSLAVEMENT ASSETS

Before signing the Deed of slave Ownership, the female submissive masochist must
place her valuables in safe keeping with the Slave's Court and otherwise, reduce
her assets to cash to be placed in trust with the Slave's Court and invested for
her benefit for the duration of her enslavement.   If she should be the
beneficiary in any estate during the time of enslavement, these assets must be
treated similarly.   All these assets comprise pre-enslavement assets.

The Slave's Court holds the pre-enslavement assets in trust for the duration of
the slave property's enslavement and will return these assets, together with
interest upon the cash invested, upon termination of the Deed of slave
Ownership.  

The Slave's Court guarantees that no Owner will have access to any of the
capital of nor the income from the pre-enslavement assets.   Any Owner suspected
of or guilty of any use of the pre-enslavement assets has no permission therefor
and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.

If the slave property is to fully experience the helplessness and debasement of
enslavement, it is necessary that it has no access to funds by which, for
example, it could purchase freedom. The slave property may not, for the period
of its enslavement, draw, use or spend any of the capital nor the income earned
from the pre-enslavement assets.  

N.	REMUNERATION

As the slave property is the property of the Owner, any income earned by it
during any period of enslavement, belongs to the Owner.   This does not include
any income which is earned on any pre-enslavement assets.  

As all the slave property's needs are provided by the Owner, the slave property
has no need for money.  If the slave is permitted to go out alone, the Owner may
allow some pocket money.

The Owner must make a monthly contribution to the slave property's retirement
fund which is administered by the Slave's Court.   This contribution, less a
percentage for administration costs, will be invested and accumulated to provide
the slave property with a lump sum cash payment upon termination of the Deed of
slave Ownership. 

The basic monthly contribution is US$150.00 at (the slave property's) age of 30
years.   This is reduced by US$10.00 for each year that the slave property's age
is on either side of 30 years of age, and increased by US$10.00 for each
complete year the slave property has been enslaved.   The monthly contribution
is capped at US$250.00 per month and at no stage shall the Owner be obliged,
notwithstanding the above calculation, to pay more than that amount per month.

The Slave's Court will order the sale of the slave property if the Owner fails
or refuses to pay the monthly contribution to the retirement fund.   The
proceeds from the sale of the slave property will be applied first to any arrear
retirement fund contributions.

For so long as the Slave's Court is the Owner of the slave property (pending its
SALE BY AUCTION or serving out its notice if it is a RUNAWAY), there will be no
monthly contribution to the slave's retirement fund.

O.	ABANDONED SLAVE

The slave property becomes abandoned if the Owner refuses to have anything more
to do with it, or disappears, or is imprisoned for more than a month, or dies or
becomes incapacitated.   As the Deed of slave Ownership has not terminated, the
slave property remains bound by it and is still slave property, however, its
rights thereunder are no longer provided for and the slave property may face
neglect, starvation, exposure or worse.

Any slave property which becomes abandoned, must advise the Slave's Court
immediately which will list the slave property "For Sale by Auction" so that it
may be placed with a new Owner as soon as possible.  

The Slave's Court maintains a fund of money for use if a slave is abandoned and
if necessary, the Slave's Court will send a person to see to the abandoned
slave's needs by providing food, medical attention, shelter and (if necessary)
clothes (for travel).   Travel may be arranged to bring the slave property to a
safe place (the Slave's Court).

Any slave who becomes abandoned and who fails to advise the Slave's Court
accordingly as soon as possible, will be considered a "Runaway" slave.

P.	RUNAWAY SLAVE

Should the Slave's Court be advised by any Owner that the slave property has
"Runaway", or should the Slave's Court be advised of any slave property which
has been abandoned and did not advise the Slave's Court accordingly, it will be
listed as a RUNAWAY slave.
  
All details and pictures of the slave property will be made public and all
people will be required to report the whereabouts of the said slave property, if
seen anywhere in the world.   All rights in and to the slave property will
remain with the Owner.   There is no termination of the Deed of slave Ownership
for so long as the slave is a  "Runaway".  

A slave property who is a RUNAWAY and now wishes to clear this record must:-

1.	If the Deed of slave Ownership has not terminated, and the Owner is
willing and able,
 	go back to the Owner and the "Runaway" notice will be withdrawn.
   
2. 	If the Deed of slave Ownership has not terminated, and the Owner is not willing or is
	unable to take the slave property back,  the slave property will be sold or auctioned.
	The "Runaway" notice will be withdrawn upon the sale of the slave property.

3.	If the Deed of slave Ownership has otherwise terminated, and the Owner is willing
	and available, go back to the Owner and be enslaved by the Owner for a period of not
	less than 30 days after which the Owner will be obliged to withdraw the "Runaway"
	notice.

4.	If the Deed of slave Ownership has otherwise terminated, and the Owner is not
	willing or is unable to take the slave property back, the slave property must go to the
	Slave's Court to be enslaved there for a period of not less than 10 days for each year
	the slave property was a "Runaway" and not less than 30 days in total, after which the
 	"Runaway" notice will be withdrawn.

5. 	If the Deed of slave Ownership has otherwise terminated, and the slave property is
	more than 56 years of age, any "Runaway" notice will be withdrawn upon application
 	by the slave property to the Slave's Court.

For so long as the slave property is a "Runaway", it shall have no entitlement
to the income nor the capital of its pre-enslavement assets nor of its
retirement fund, even if the Deed of slave Ownership has terminated. 

For so long as the slave property is a "Runaway", the Owner shall not be obliged
to make a monthly contribution to the retirement fund.  The Slave's Court will
order the sale of the slave property and pay up any arrear contributions to the
retirement fund if any Owner uses a "Runaway" notice as a ploy to avoid paying
the monthly contribution.

All rights in and to income and capital of the retirement fund and the
pre-enslavement assets will be reinstated when the RUNAWAY notice is withdrawn.

Q.	TRANSFER OF OWNERSHIP

The Owner may, at any time, sell the slave property to a new Owner, upon such
terms and conditions as may be agreed upon, provided that the new Owner takes
cession of the Deed of slave Ownership and is bound thereby.   The slave
property may not determine nor choose the new Owner.

The decision to sell the slave property and the choice of the new Owner shall be
that of the Owner only who may, if this pleases the Owner, advise the slave
property beforehand that a sale is intended, or pending or has been concluded,
failing which, the slave property has no right to be advised of the sale.

No sale of the slave property including its sale by auction, shall be complete
without the new Owner having taken cession of the slave property which means
that the new Owner has signed the Deed of slave Ownership (and is bound by its
terms and conditions) and holds the original copy.

The Deed of slave Ownership is an important document as it warrants the Owner's
claim to ownership (and affords the Owner some protection in the event of any
legal matter arising) and should be kept in a safe place.

R.	DELIVERY OF THE SLAVE PROPERTY

The costs of delivery of the slave property will be the responsibility of the
new Owner.

The slave property enters enslavement naked and without possessions.   The slave
property will meet the new Owner naked and without possessions.   It is
recommended, if at all possible, that the slave property should be collected,
shipped and delivered to the new Owner naked.   This is entirely possible if
there is no need for border checks.   For this purpose, it is recommended that
the slave property be gagged and put into bondage and crated for delivery.  For
this purpose, naked may include dress that does not obstruct viewing the slave
property's nipples, cunt and any slave markings, all of which shall be exposed
and unobstructed.   Aside from this, the wishes of the new Owner shall be
respected and the slave property may or may not be sexually stimulated or be
tortured during shipping and delivery.

The new Owner will:-

1.	Make suitable arrangements for the slave to get to its new accommodation;
2.	Provide, if necessary, suitable dress to travel in;
3.	Meet the slave property at an appropriate time;
4.	Take the Deed of slave Ownership and sign it.

S.	TERMINATION

The Deed of slave Ownership, once entered into, is binding upon the slave
property and may not be canceled by the slave property, nor the Owner, nor any
other person.   In the event that the Owner tires of the slave property, it must
be sold.

The Deed of slave Ownership terminates on the day the slave property turns 46.  
If, on that day the Deed of slave Ownership has not been in place for 10 years,
it does not terminate and will only terminate after having been in effect for 10
complete years.

Upon termination of the Deed of slave Ownership, the slave property is once
again a free person and is entitled to the accrued income and the capital of her
retirement fund and pre-enslavement assets.  

As she is a free women, nothing shall prevent her from entering into another
Deed of slave Ownership, provided that there is a willing Owner.

The Deed of slave Ownership will also terminate if the Owner should choose to
marry the slave property or if it should become a mother. The Deed of slave
Ownership also terminates should the slave property die or become permanently
incapacitated arising from an accident or a disease. 

The slave property has a right to avoid any circumstances which will result in
the termination of the Deed of slave Ownership.
  
T.	SIGNATURES

Thus signed by the female submissive masochist 
at ................................ (place) on the ........... 
day of ........................... in the year 20 .......



Signed                                                              Witness

If applicable, co-signed by the female submissive masochist's legal guardian
at ................................ (place) on the ........... 
day of ........................... in the year 20 .......



Signed                                                              Witness

Thus signed by the Owner
at ................................ (place) on the ........... 
day of ........................... in the year 20 .......



Signed                                                              Witness

If applicable, Thus signed by the (New) Owner
at ................................ (place) on the ........... 
day of ........................... in the year 20 .......



Signed                                                              Witness

etc. for all New Owners.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Judge_Badsam


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





