BDSM Library - The Box




The Box
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: It is a short story of a girl lives as a slave.
The Box
Bye Kerri Kerichenko

I awoke to the pitch darkness. Out of habit I tried to stretch my legs from my
chest but when they went nowhere I was snapped into back to where I was. The air
was hot and thick in the darkness my gloved hands were tucked beneath my head. I
could feel the slick sheen of sweat beneath this leather hood. My jaw burned and
ached from the ball gag. I felt hot all over and I was desperate to get these
clothes off of me. I remembered then I had been boxed.

Last night had been a rough one. My muscles still ached and I could still feel
the bruises. I trembled in side my prison knowing that Master will not be happy
to see me bruised. It wasn't my fault that he had hit me so hard the night
before. But then again did it real matter if I was at fault or not?

This is my life as a slave. Shuddering in the darkness I hoped he would come for
me soon. The small drifts of air that came I could smell food. It must be close
to dinner. He usually ate then came to get me, dragging me out by my hood he had
it designed so I had a ponytail coming out of it. He said it was easier for him
to control me with. Also he thought it looked good on me. I was trying hard to
be quiet he didn't want a noisy slave.

For what felt like an eternity finally came I heard his step approaching. My
heart leapt at the sound. The scratching of the lock being slid back even in the
many layers I could feel the cool rush of air filling the box.

Grasping my hair entwining it around his fist I felt the sharp blinding pain of
the scalp being pulled. My body slid out from the box. The rustle of chains
following me, I landed into a heap on the floor. Every fiber of my body was sore
but I crawled up to kneel. Spreading back my thighs wide like he taught me.

"Good work pet." He whispered near my covered ear. I could feel the aching need
to relieve myself I prayed he would let me do it soon. "Thank you Master" I
muffled against the gag. His fingers played idly with my hair. I soon realized
he was brushing and braiding it. Helping me to rise, the heels were so
uncomfortable and the height of them I was still learning to walk in. Wobbling,
I fought to stand straight. Unlacing the back of the hood pulling it off I could
feel the hot sweat running down my face. The cool air of the room was a relief
and I could feel he had put the air conditioner on. Keeping my eyes closed until
ordered. He undid the gag that bound my mouth open. The jaw still open, "Close
your mouth slut and then kiss me." "yes Master." Quickly closing my mouth I
leaned upwards still with the 7 inch heels I was still too short to your 6'2
frame. I loved that you towered over me. It made me feel small and insignificant
before you. The full pink lips brushed against yours sending a hot sizzle
through me.

Standing perfectly straight once more I waited while you peeled back the layers
from me as if I were a present. The satin gloves, then the latex, then the hot
rubber gloves landing in small heaps around my feet. Removing the black leather
shirt leaving the rubber corset, I watched you bend to remove the leggings. When
you were done I stood before you in the thigh high boots and corset. I couldn't
look at you. I kept my eyes shut and head lowered to the floor.

"Do you need to relieve yourself little one?" You asked. "Yes Master, please may
I," I answered back in a whisper barely auditable. "Well then open your eyes and
look around." "Yes Master." Opening my eyes the shards of light invading them
temporarily blinding me. I had to blink a few times before I could see. "Now go
quickly and relieve yourself and get back here." "Yes Master." Falling to my
knees I crawled away. Hips high in the air just the way you liked it. My cunt
shaved bare and visible to you as I moved across the room.

Returning quickly I was elated that you had given me that one small pleasure.
Crawling back to the room I saw the tray was on the floor. The bowls of chicken
broth and milk were awaiting me with a few small bits of bread. You took pride
in keeping me in the shape you wish.

"Come eat slut". You ordered. "Yes Master." I answered as I came closer.
Delicately lapping from each bowl I could feel your eyes on me making sure I
didn't spill any. Finishing the meal. I crawled back and lowered my head to the
floor. "Thank you my Master for feeding me." I whispered. I heard the sound of
the tray being picked up from the floor.

"Stand slut", "Yes Master". Quickly I rose to stand in my boots. Instinctively
placing my hands behind my head the slender fingers laced and locked into place.
Eyes lowered to the ground below. You took your time walking around me. I prayed
there were no marks. If there where bruises I would get punished for not calling
out the safe word. Your fingers dug deep into the flesh of my hip. Biting back
the yelp. " What's this slut?" You demanded. " I...I don't know Master" I
stammered. "A bruise maybe?" "You are right slut it is a bruise and I see a few
welts along your ass." The tears were already welling in my eyes. I knew I was
going to pay for this. "Yes Master." "Why did you not use the "word"? You know I
don't like to mar the flesh of my property." Choking back the tears. "I'm sorry
Master I didn't realize that there would be marks." My lips trembled in terror.
"Look at Me." "Yes Master." Lifting my hazel eyes you could see the mark of fear
in them.

"Go to the rack." You commanded. "Yes Master." Leaving my fingers behind my head
I walked quickly and carefully to the rack. Melting to my knees before it. I
waited for you. "Go ahead get on, I want your back facing me." "Yes Master."
Hearing the orders. Rising to my feet I stepped onto the metal foot cuffs. The
wrists reaching forward for the wrist cuffs, nervously watched as you strapped
me down.

The blindfold placed around my eyes. Once again I was covered in the dark. Left
vulnerable to you. Bringing the flogger to my lips. "Kiss it slut." You
demanded. Leaning my head forward gently pressing my lips to the flogger you
could see the tears running down my cheeks. "What a little whore I have not even
begun and you already are crying." Whispering "Yes Master."

Hearing the floggers little tails screaming through the air before it snapped
against my flesh. Across my lower back my body stiffened and I bit my bottom lip
trying not to cry out. My jaws still ached from the gag. Harder, slower and more
delayed each snap came. My head hung between my arms as I sobbed. Stopping long
enough to retrieve the crop. I felt my wrists and feet released. "Turn over."
You ordered. "Yes Master." I answered between sobs. Turning over before
strapping me in. Lifting my chin pulling back the blindfold to look at me. "You
think that was bad. I have just begun my slut." You teased. Looking at you with
the fear from deep with in my soul.

Strapping me in place pulling the top of my corset down my full, ripe and heavy
breasts hung forward. My body was betraying me. I could already feel the hot
trickle of my heat sliding down my leg. The nipples now before him were ready.
Hard as diamonds. I didn't want to look at you. I knew our sessions well enough
that when my body betrayed me you always had that smile across your face. You
know the one that you know you are about to conquer something. I had seen that
smile a hundred times before when I would kneel beside you and steal glances at
you while you played chess by the fireplace with your various friends. It always
came just as you were about to win. And I knew you wore it now as you looked at
me.

The hard leather of the crop traced down between my breasts. The stiff leather
touching across the sensitive nipples I held back my moan. Then "snap" the hot
searing pain running up every nerve of my body as you switched back and forth to
each nipple. I gritted my teeth and could take no more. I cried out in anguish.
Sobbing harder as each time the crop came down, the blood rushing to the raw
flesh engorged and causing them to throb. Leaning down near my ear. "Yes that's
it take it in slut. Maybe you'll think twice before not using your safe word
again."

The crop continued the journey down over my corset, to my cunt. I closed my eyes
and groaned I knew you could see the wetness. "So the slut cries in pain but her
cunt shows her wet." You teased. "Yes Master" I wept. Bringing something hard
against the sides of my thighs I knew what it was instantly. Begging "Master
please no." "Does the slut beg mercy?" You asked. "Yes Master the slut begs
mercy." I sobbed. "No, I don't think so." Crying harder. Feeling the paddle
drawing back "smack". Wailing, I fought to stay still, moving from thigh to
thigh I could feel the heat radiating from them.

"What do you say slut?" You asked. "T...T...Thank you Master" I stammered. The
cries and tears choking me back. Feeling your hands tracing up between my now
hot, raw thighs gently caressing the wounded flesh. I was so confused on whether
to cry or moan. Stroking each side gently. Your mouth reaching around the hard,
sore nipples the tongue soothing it. My head rolling back the low moans filtered
out from my lips.

"Is the slut ready?" You questioned. "Yes Master" I moaned. "Beg". You ordered.
"Master, please. Oh god, please fuck me. Master I beg you. This slut begs your
use." I groaned as my hips tried helplessly to reach you.

Without speaking I heard the zipper and belt coming off your pants. I felt your
weight on the rack as you mounted. Your cock inches from your cunt. "Who owns
this cunt?" "Yours Master." "That's right mine." Your hard and engorged cock
slid into my hot, wet box taking possession of me. Your cock thrusting in and
out hard and fast using me as the toy I am. Moaning longer, faster I could feel
my approach coming. With out me begging you knew my body well enough to know
when it was coming. "Cum whore NOW!" Throwing my head back coming. Each wave of
orgasm filtering through my body, I couldn't stop it felt endless. Hearing your
grunts beside my ear. The hot streaming of your cum filling me.

Stepping off the rack. Unbinding me. Pulling the corset up an over my breasts,
"To your knees slut." You said tenderly. "Yes Master." I never took your
tenderness as weakness. I saw it something that I earned. Grabbing my hair like
a leash you lead me from the playroom. Leading me up the hard wood stairs and
down the hallowed hallway. Opening a door far down. It was seldom that I was
allowed up here. I saw another box beside the bed. I knew this was Master's
room. Being led threw the threshold you headed for the box. Stopping sort.
Releasing my hair I knelt back waiting. I watched as you looked from the box to
the bed and to the box again.

Pulling back the comforter, undressing and climbed in. Looking down at me from
the huge four post mahogany bed. "Slut, I wish to be kept warm. Get into bed
with me." Trying to hide the joyful smile. "Yes Master." Climbing in the huge
bed beside you. Turning away I felt your arms wrap around me. Smiling softly
into the dark. I knew that everything about you could cause me pain and could
cause me comfort. It was that moment I realized what it was to be slave.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Annie Crumb


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





