BDSM Library - Families Compete




Families Compete
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two couples with varying levels of experience, both with teenage daughters, sign up to compete for one available membership in a bdsm club.  One daughter knows what she wants, the other has no clue what awaits at the club's tropical resort.
Families Compete

by Chum 

Comments welcome at cloooless1@yahoo.com

	Chapter 1

	Lars Hansen shivered against the straps that bound him, the pale skin of
his muscular 6 foot 4 frame blushing with embarrassment.  Wearing only a silver
studded black leather collar around his neck and a black satin thong, he had
been escorted to the showroom less than twenty four hours after arriving at the
exclusive resort with  his wife, Karen, and his 14 year old daughter Kim.
	From the first session after breakfast with his family the day had been
a sequence of mortifying, if sometimes exciting new experiences, beginning with
a bathing session in which two lovely and scantily clad young ladies did his
nails and hair.  Then they immersed him from his shoulders down in a tub full of
blue viscous liquid.  After a few minutes they got him out of the tub and took
him to a shower where they hosed down every inch of his body.  Lars watched in
horror as the hot needling spray washed away every trace of body hair below his
head.  He blushed crimson as they inspected their work by laying him on a bench
with his legs spread and feet on the floor.  One grasped the shaft of his limp
penis, remarking to her companion at its size and the beauty of its slightly
pink and nearly translucent skin.  The other woman used both hands to lift and
inspect his now bare scrotum, softly measuring the egg size testicles and
remarking at how much sperm these beauties must hold.  When they were satisfied
that his genitals, ass and thighs were a bare as a newborn babe they reluctantly
let him dress and escorted him to comfortable room.
	Just before being taken to the showroom he was bathed by the two young
women from his morning encounter, this session involving a ritual which would
become familiar in the days to come, a vigorous and uncomfortable colon
cleansing enema.  The women laughed at the way he squirmed as the hot liquid
filled him, assuring him that he would soon come to enjoy the experience.
	Lars hadn't seen Karen or Kim since breakfast, but assumed they were
going through similar treatment and he was consumed with feelings of guilt over
giving in to Karen's insistence that they bring Kim with them.  He felt no less
guilty knowing that the opportunity to try out for a service membership in the
club had been expressly conditioned on the inclusion of his little flaxen haired
cheerleader.
	Karen was the one with unbounded desire to join.  It was she who was
first approached by a club recruiter.  It seemed that they had been
investigating the family and became aware that Karen, blonde and movie star
beautiful, had an insatiable appetite for sex, the kinkier the better.  The
recruiter had expressed concern about Lars, but Karen assured him that she could
persuade her husband and that the club members would not be disappointed.  She
confided that Lars and she had done some group scenes and that other women had
fought for the chance to experience his curving and tapered 14 inch cock, most
of them falling in love at the mere sight of it.
	
	When they both met with the recruiter he explained that there were a
large number of charter members and a much smaller number of service members,
plus a large number of employed staff and a few other permanent residents at
club facilities whose status he didn't describe.  The charter members each had
great wealth, a necessity given the lavish facilities.  Being worldly and
possessed of great power, these men and women develop sexual tastes far more
varied and voracious than society at large considers seemly.  Hence the need for
service members who were selected for extraordinary physical attributes and
abilities, plus a willingness to submit and serve with enthusiasm.  In return,
service members were extremely well compensated and, upon retirement, received a
financial package commensurate with that given an executive of a large
corporation. 
	He explained that the tryout was a two week unconditional commitment on
their part, at the end of which, if they were offered membership, they could
accept or decline the contract arrangements which would be offered based upon
the ruling committees assessment of their performance and desirability.
	After much debate and persuasion by Karen, Lars finally signed the
consent forms, but not without strong reservations over the clauses which made
his family virtual slaves for the two week tryout.  He didn't take much comfort
from the guarantee of no permanent physical harm being inflicted during the two
weeks of unconditional service.




	Chapter 2

	Flashing back on these memories Lars felt a tightness in his gut at the
realization that he was just at the threshold of what the next two weeks would
bring.  The two black guards had escorted him through a maze of hallways and,
after stopping at the entrance for a few moments to cuff his hands behind his
back, they led him into the showroom.  It was like a large circular shaped
nightclub.  A series of mirrored bars were against the outer wall, interspersed
by three other sets of entry doors spaced evenly around the outer wall.  A
number of men and women were perched atop bar stools drinking and chatting.  The
room terraced down to make three levels.  Just below the outer bar level was a
space ten feet deep with clusters of lounges, chairs and small cocktail tables. 
Most of these clusters were occupied by more men and women, some elegantly
dressed and some in simple toga like robes. Waiting on these members were
attractive youths of both sexes.  Each wore a sort of short wrap, red in color,
which covered from hip to mid thigh.  The girls also wore skimpy red halter
tops.
	At the center of the room was a circular stage about two feet below the
lounging level and 4 feet below the bar.  The stage was twenty feet across and
slightly elevated from the surrounding floor. The stage floor revolved slowly,
taking two minutes for a complete circuit to give each member of the audience a
full view of the action.
	As Lars entered between the guards all of the fifty or more pairs of
eyes turned toward him and the room grew silent but for soft background music. 
Lars tried to keep his handsome chiseled features impassive as they stared at
his near naked body.  Warm and enthusiastic applause suddenly broke out, quickly
followed by the booming voice of a PA announcer, "Ladies and gentlemen a warm
welcome for Lars, the Nordic god your Newsletter promised."
	Lars was taken on a slow circuit of the bar level for the members to get
a closer inspection as the voice continued, "As most of you know from the
Newsletter we have two families vying for a single new service membership, a
first for the club and, we hope, a chance for some really special
entertainment."  The voice was drowned in laughter and more applause.
	
	"A series of contests are planned, the first to pit Lars against Al
Franco to see which one can best control his ejaculation.  To make it a family
contest, Maria and 14 year old Gina Franco will arrive shortly to make Lars cum
as quickly as they can under the rules of the contest.  The rules are simple.
Once the clock is started there will be a ten minute period in which Gina and
her lovely mother are free to do anything other than touching Lars.  Thereafter,
only Gina may touch Lars, using only her hands and mouth on his genitals, plus
the toys provided.  She will have twenty minutes to get him off, after which
Maria may join in for an additional twenty.  If both fail suitable consequences
will befall them."  Again there was laughter and applause.  "And of course the
man who comes first will be considered a loser as well."
	The stage was dimly lit.  They led him to a sort of a mechanical stick
man.  It was attached at the waist to a steel arm which led to a large metal
base anchored to the floor.  The human shaped framework was upright with arms
that stretched to each side parallel to the floor.  Leather straps dangled from
several places on the frame.  The arms were attached to a narrow padded vertical
piece that had a headrest at the top.  This vertical section was about three
feet long, and from the sides of its base were two complicated looking legs.
	The guards backed him against the frame, quickly strapping his arms
straight out, the straps binding his wrists and muscular upper arms.  A large
strap was then wrapped around his chest just below the arm pits.  Pulled back
against the frame, his head touched the adjustable head rest while the vertical
piece rested above the crack of his buttocks.  Straps were then wrapped around
his upper thighs, just below each knee and around each ankle, binding him
tightly to the legs which curved out beside his hips and then back beneath his
upper thighs so they bound his legs securely without obstructing full access to
his buttocks, a fact which was not lost on Lars.  Being helplessly bound as the
sexual plaything of a room full of jaded rich people and knowing any protest or
refusal to follow orders for the next 14 days would be disregarded, if not
harshly punished.

	Lars had been the last of the two families to learn of the contest, the
Hansen females being briefed earlier.  What neither family knew was that the
entertainment committee had no intension of making it fair.  The committee knew
the Franco family was already into incestuous bondage and pain as a life style
and would likely put on a superior show for a few days.  They also knew that, if
properly trained and responsive, the Hansen family would be the most spontaneous
and exciting because of their relative inexperience.  What really closed the
deal was the incredible sexual attractiveness of all three Hansen's.
	Taking no chances, Lars had been instructed to have no sex for a week
prior to arrival.  By contrast, the Franco's had been subtly encouraged to spend
the afternoon unloading Al's semen, a task Maria and Gina undertook with
enthusiasm.  He came once in Maria's cunt, once in her ass, and finally down
Gina's gullet as she practiced deep throating his long thick member.
	One of the committee members had asked at the strategy meeting, "If we
already know which family we want to win, why are we setting the Hansen's up to
lose the contest?" 
	The chairman laughed and replied, "No one is saying that the contest
winner will be selected for membership.  They can't make such a claim.  No, the
losers will be punished and the winners rewarded during the tryout, but the
members will vote on the basis of overall desirability when it comes to awarding
the service membership.  And while the Franco's are pretty spectacular as well,
they are also a know quantity, making it probable that we will have the best of
both worlds."
	
	Someone gave him a quizzical look and he explained with a wry smile,
"Let's say the Hansen's don't take to our way.  If they lose each stage we get
to test them for their bdsm potential while having two weeks of enormous fun
with three innocents, an opportunity seldom experienced by the rank and file
membership. You've seen their files and photos, how would you feel if we treated
them gently and they still decided to pass? On the other hand, if they bear up
and turn on to our way we will know conclusively that we want them and that it
will be money well spent. 
	"Regardless of how the Hansen's develop, I suspect the Franco's will be
desperate to join us after two weeks of doing what we already know they love,
especially after we set it up for them to punish the Hansen's a few times.  So
desperate, I suspect, that they will beg for the chance to sign on for a long
term slave contract which costs us peanuts.  With luck we wind up with six new
fuck toys for the price of three."  There were smiles all around the conference
table.

	The straps were beginning to feel uncomfortably tight to Lars when the
entrance doors opened and a sight greeted him that made his prick jump against
the satin pouch.  Maria, a miniature look alike for a young Sophia Loren,
crossed the threshold first.  She wore a white girdle like garment that started
below her breasts, stretching down to constrict her waist, then flared out,
ending above the swell of her gorgeous ass cheeks in back and just above the
skimpy patch of black pubic hair.  This small pelt ended at the top of her pussy
crack, doing nothing to conceal the bald inverted V of her vulva. Garters
hanging from her lacy white garment clasped the tops of white stockings.  Her
shapely legs were made even more attractive by white pumps which raised her
barely 5 foot frame by another 4 inches.  She, too, wore a silver studded
collar.
	Where all eyes settled, however, were on her tits.  They would have been
oversize on an Amazon.  On Maria they looked like something added on by a sex
crazed Dr. Frankenstein intent on creating a perfect woman upon whom to inflict
the most depraved carnal abuse. Like two Horns o' Plenty they rose out and swept
upward, tapering to silver dollar size dark aureole capped with pert nipples the
size of a man's thumb from the middle joint to the end, each pointing slightly
upward, an amazing feat that suggested a firmness of tit flesh which made more
than one mouth water.  The effect would have been cartoon like but for her proud
bearing and beautiful face.  Instead, every man, and for that matter most women
in the room became instantly consumed with thoughts of what they wanted do to
possess her and make her moan or scream or both.
	After stopping to be admired she stepped slowly into the room, a leash
in her hand attached to the silver studded black collar of the teenager behind
her. Dressed in a light blue cheerleader's vest with nothing under it, a short
matching pleated skirt, rolled down white socks and white sneakers, Gina entered
with head bowed in meek submission.  Her black hair was pulled back and braided
into two girlish pigtails. A smaller and less mature version of her mother, with
narrow hips and trim waist, the swell of her vest suggested the promise of tits
well on the road toward matching her mother's.
	Mother leading a reluctant and apparently frightened young virgin
daughter, Maria and Gina made a slow circuit of the bar tier before descending
to the stage.  As they stepped up the spotlights slowly came up to illuminate
Lars and the area around him.  He blushed again, partly over being seen with the
bulge in his thong and partly because he was hairless as a baby under the harsh
lights.
	
	Maria pulled the reluctant Gina in front of Lars.  Smiling up at him,
Maria reached out slowly and took hold on the top of his thong.  With a slow but
steady pull she stripped it from his loins, his tapered cock springing free and
his heavy scrotum dropping to rest against his thighs.  Limp, his penis would
have formed a gentle S curve just in front of his sack, but now it curved out
and pointed toward a spot on the floor five feet in front of him.  Maria could
barely restrain her desire to take its pink translucent shaft in both hands and
to plunge the beautifully tapered head into her mouth.  She thought she had
never seen such a pretty piece of man meat.
	Instead, she pulled Gina forward by the leash and said sternly, "Look at
him daughter, you should feel honored to take such a wonderful cock in your
mouth, and if it were allowed, in your virgin cunt."
	Her eyes still downcast, Gina whined in a high little girl voice, "Oh
no, mommy, don't make me touch that ugly thing."
	"Insolent girl," Maria shouted, "For insulting Mr. Larsen you must be
punished."
	Dragging the wailing girl to a saddle like device a few feet in front of
Lars she forced Gina's trembling body belly down over the saddle and quickly
tied her ankles wide apart, then went around to the front and cuffed her wrists
together.  Gina tried to resist as Maria forced her hand down to attach the cuff
chain to a clamp at the base of the saddle mount.  "Please, mommy, please don't
whip my bottom."
	"I'm going to whip your ass till you beg to suck his cock you naughty
little snot."  Maria picked up a leather strap three feet long and two inches
wide.  She reached out and unsnapped Gina's pleated skirt.
	"Oh no, not on my bare bottom," Gina wailed as her scantily clad mother
swiftly pulled the skirt away to reveal the swell of muscular ass cheeks framing
the crack of a hairless virgin young pussy.  Lars couldn't tear his eyes from
the girl's naked slit as Gina wiggled her butt in way that made every man in the
audience twitch with desire.
	Lars' body shivered with growing passion, his member swelling and rising
to point at the helpless young girl.  Maria stepped to the side and wasted no
time swinging the strap across the out thrust flesh, the leather strap cracking
loudly in the now quiet showroom.  "Ow, ow -no," Gina yelped and bucked against
her restraints like the good little actress she was.  What she really wanted was
to beg for the next blow, knowing that it would increase the arousal which had
already begun with the excitement of knowing that she was going far beyond the
family bondage games she loved so much.
	Maria's big tits swayed deliciously as pulled her arm back for the next
blow.  'Crack,' the second blow landed on the gyrating twin mounds, bringing the
first blush of pink to the bound girl's ass cheeks.
	Again and again she lashed her daughter with the strap, the blows
getting harder with her own mounting lust, spurred by the sight of Lar's rising
prick and the awareness of performing with her nearly naked body for an audience
of men and women of sexual tastes which might be more jaded than her own.
	"Mommy, mommy, please stop, I'll do it, I'll suck his thing."
	"Tell Mr. Hansen you are sorry dear," Maria demanded as she delivered
yet another blow.
	I'm sorry Mr. Hansen," Gina whined in a little girl voice, her tight
little pussy growing wet with eagerness for what lay ahead.
	
	Maria had orchestrated the show with an eye on the clock, the end of the
ten minute period rapidly approaching as she released her daughter from the
saddle. She led Gina to stand in front of Lars, both of their eyes growing wide
at the sight of his rapier like cock.  Its root as big around as a man's
forearm, it tapered out and curved upward at least a foot from his loins. Gina
was struck by the difference from her dad's penis.  When her dad was hard it was
almost as long, but dad's was straight along its length and the same thickness
from root to its big mushroom shaped head, maybe about the size this man's wrist
at the mid point of the shaft.  Mr. Hansen's got a lot thicker toward the base
and thinner toward the head which didn't bulge out as much as her dad's.  She
was also intrigued by the fact that her dad's was brown and hairy while the
penis in front of her looked like a sculpture of light pink marble, its hairless
perfection marred only by the bulge of blue veins along the shaft.
	Maria raised one hand and there was a soft whir of electric motors.  A
look of surprise came into Lars' eyes as his body began slowly moving like a
windmill.  The frame lifted his feet off the floor and then it drew his lower
legs backward to a ninety degree angle with his thighs.  Next his whole body
began to rotate till his head was closest to the floor and his legs in the air. 
Like this his cock stretched down his belly several inches past his navel.  The
last adjustments spread his thighs wide apart, brought he headrest forward so
Lars was looking straight up, and finally the whole thing tilted back slowly
leaving him laid back at an angle.
	The design became clear when Maria pushed Gina forward.  The only choice
Gina had was to step over the man's arms with her legs bent crab like to fit
around his chest, spreading her naked crotch directly above Lars face. 
	His eyes glued to the glistening pink labia a foot above his face, Lars
whole body quivered with forbidden excitement as he felt a small soft hand grasp
just below his cock head.  "Oh god," he thought, "I want to come in her sweet
little mouth."  Lars stared up into Gina's bald crotch, fascinated at the way
the pink bud of her anus seemed to clench rhythmically as Gina put her other
hand further down the shaft and began to jack him off.  Lars moaned with
pleasure as two fists worked back and forth, rippling the smooth skin expertly. 
	"Suck him, suck him good," Maria ordered, delivering a sharp blow of the
strap to Gina's ass cheeks.  Gina's hips jerked forward, her naked pubic mound
slapping against Lars' chest.  Gina's wet lips engulfed the turgid cock head
tentatively.  "Deeper, take him into your throat, I'm going to keep whipping
till you make him shoot."  Lars felt his scrotum contract in lust at the
prospect of watching the strap abusing the tight young butt just inches above
his eyes.
	Gina's cunt began to cream with anticipation as she impaled the cock
shaft deeper into her throat with each thrust of her head.  Again the strap
landed and with the second blow she rotated her hips trying to grind her
swelling clit against Lar's chest.  Holding his prick down his belly with one
hand she massaged his scrotum with the other hand as she lapped her tongue
eagerly up and down the back of his smooth curving meat.
	By the time Gina took him back into her mouth her cunt juice was
dripping down Lar's naked chest.  With the skill learned from her parents she
opened her throat and impaled herself on him, his cock sliding deeper and
deeper, its swelling girth stretched the young girl's jaws till they would open
no further.  Gina loved the way his man tool fit like a glove, curving past her
lips, over her wreathing tongue, the head lodging deep in her gullet.  She moved
her hand from his cock, moving it to his sack to join her other hand.  Clasping
the base of his scrotum with both hands she squeezed, making his balls protrude
into a tight pink balloon above her fingers.  Lars moaned as the girl used her
grip for leverage to push her head back till the prick head was between her
lips, took a quick gasping breath, then pulled eight inches back down her
throat.
	
	Lars felt the root of his cock begin a spasm that always signaled
impending orgasm, and for a long moment he closed his eyes to shut out the sight
of Gina's lovely mons wreathing and dripping above him, wondering how much
longer he could hold out after being so long denied sexual release by the
instructions of the recruiter.  His hips betrayed his head, thrusting forward in
cooperation with the girl's hands to bury his straining sword even deeper into
her throat.  "Ug," he gasped, the next tingling spasm radiating into the
stretched skin of his scrotum and out over the bottom of his shaft.
	'Whap-whap-whap' in rhythmic cadence Maria lashed the girl's quivering
ass cheeks like a demonic jockey, encouraging the nubile young body to flex and
plunge on the captive throbbing cock faster and faster and deeper and deeper. 
Gina was so lost in her own approaching climax that she nearly missed the
telltale contractions that signaled Lars approaching orgasm.  Reluctantly she
pulled off him, finally realizing how close he must be.
	Stepping away and moving to his side, she again gripped the rock hard
shaft with both hands, jacking him off as fast as she could.  'Uh, uh, uh,' Lars
moaned, his hips thrusting, his usual iron control melted by images of forbidden
things he would like to do to the hot little teenage body beside him.  With a
last wreathing contortion of muscle from neck to toes the first jet of hot semen
gushed down the curving length of his urethra, splashing a sticky trail on the
stage floor.  Gina instantly pulled her hands away to the applause of the
audience.  Lars groaned his disappointment as his hips wreathed and his cock
jerked, diminishing streams of cum landing on his face, neck and upper chest.




	Chapter 3

	The stage lights dimmed.  Maria and Gina were led from the stage with
applause following them up the isle and out the doors.  Gina looked back over
her shoulder, her eyes on Lar's lovely prick as it deflated to lay against his
belly.  Her mind went back many months to her first time, the night her parents
had left their bedroom door ajar.  She hadn't known until later that they did it
on purpose.
	It was the sound that compelled her to investigate, a rhythmic slapping
sound accompanied by whimpering moans.  She crept to the bedroom door wearing
only a tee shirt that barely concealed her naked crotch.  Gina gasped, quickly
bringing a hand to her mouth to stifle a cry of surprise, her eyes wide at the
sight of her naked mother kneeling on the carpet.  Her mom's mouth moved up and
down on the shaft of her dad's penis as he leaned back in a chair, his ass on
the edge and his legs splayed to the sides.  Her dad was slowly, almost casually
cracking a belt down Maria's back, the tip snapping languidly against first one
ass cheek, then the other.  Maria had one hand on his scrotum and Gina could see
the other between her legs, her fingers rubbing her exposed sex as her hips
rotated seductively.
	Gina remembered her shock at seeing the size of her dad's penis.  Her
mom let the head of it slip all the way out till it rested on her extended
tongue, and when she took it back in her mouth gaped open to accommodate the
huge bulb.  Maria's cheeks ballooned and Gina could see her throat swell as the
head jammed deep, more than half of the vein covered shaft disappearing in her
mother's eager mouth.
	The most profound shock, however, was Gina's dawning awareness that her
mother was getting more and more excited by what she was being forced to do. 
And with this awareness came another.  Gina realized that her own sex was
getting wet with desire for release.  Almost against her will, Gina found her
own hand moving between her legs to stroke and rub her moist slit, her middle
finger finding her sensitive little love button.  Gina's passion increased along
with the increasing intensity of the scene before her.  Her mom took the cock
out of her mouth, holding the shaft with her hand and gasped, "Harder, baby,
whip me harder.  Make me cum and let me taste your cream."
	
	Stuffing him back in her mouth she went up and down on him like a piston
engine, her fingers busy on her distended clit.  The faster she took him in and
out the faster and harder he whipped her ass with the belt.  Gina's fingers
matched the pace of the strap, grinding against her own quivering clit till her
body convulsed in a powerful climax that brought an involuntary cry from her
lips.  She clapped a hand to her mouth, but it was too late.
	The action in the bedroom stopped instantly, her parents disengaging to
look at the door.  "Come in here girl," her dad ordered in a stern voice with no
trace of embarrassment. Gina stepped timidly into the room and slowly approached
the chair.  Her dad laid back with his legs spread, doing nothing to cover his
rigid cock flesh.  He looked her up and down slowly while her mother knelt
submissively, her large breasts heaving from her recent exertions.  Al finally
said, "It appears you figure we were putting on a show just for your own
enjoyment, but you sure did ruin ours.  I figure you better apologize."
	"Daddy I'm sorry," Gina said, her eyes downcast.
	"Words don't get the job done Kitten.  What you have to do is to make it
up to me."  Gina gaped wide eyed, her mouth dropping open.
	"What do you want me to do daddy?'
	"You can start by taking off that tee shirt, girl," he replied with a
wave of his hand.
	Gina stood frozen with surprise.  At a nod from her dad her mom rose
from the floor and without ceremony she seized the bottom of Gina's shirt and
pulled it over the unresisting girl's head.  Both her parents looked at her
swelling tits and her mother reached out to grasp her left breast, squeezing it
and pointing the womanly nipple at her husband for his inspection.
	After a long look he snapped, "Arms up."
	Gina didn't understand, but a moment later her mother let go of her
breast, turned to face Al and quickly raised her arms, clasped her hands behind
her head and pulled her elbows back.  This move raised and thrust her heavy tits
out invitingly.  Gina blushed at the wonton display, but quickly understood what
was expected of her.  Slowly she mimicked her mother's position, her nipples
growing tight and protruding with an unfamiliar excitement as she observed the
lust in her father's eyes.  Still frightened and stunned by what was happening,
she also felt a growing desire, a pulsing need in her groin.  She knew that she
no longer wanted to flee.
	Al took his softening cock shaft in his hand, stroked it slowly and
ordered, "On your knees, daughter, and spread them wide."
	Gina didn't hesitate this time.  Keeping her hands clasped behind her
head she dropped to her knees on the soft carpet with her legs spread.  Gina was
turning on, breathing hard and eager in response to her father's dominating
tone.  She had been entering a rebellious stage in her relationship with her
parents as her body came under the sway of raging hormones, and the prospect of
being dominated and made a woman by her daddy sent a thrill through her newly
pubescent genitals.
	"Service your little girl," he said, smiling into Gina's eyes.
	Maria joined her daughter on the floor, only she got on her back and
slithered head first between Al's chair and her crouching daughter, bringing her
mouth below Gina's fleecy haired pussy.  Maria's shoulders forced Gina's knees
even further apart, causing her spread labia to settle on her mother's face. 
Gina's mouth flew open when she felt the first tentative probing from her
mother's tongue.  For a moment she fought the urge to pull away, but when the
tongue moved up her slit and touched her swelling clit she gasped and shivered,
struggling to keep her arms up against the urge to reach down and grab her
mother by the hair to force hard contact with her streaming pussy.
	"Um," her mother said as she lapped at the virgin labia.  Maria lay with
her legs spread to give Al a view of her own cunt, moving her hips seductively
in the hope of a good fucking.
	
	Instead of joining the action Al continued to stroke his thick cock, pre
cum leaking steadily from the tip.  "Grab your mother's tits little girl,
squeeze them hard and she'll do a much better job on that little cunt of yours. 
Go on, grab them, pull on her nipples, twist them hard." 
	It took a few moments for his invitation to sink in and Al shook his
head and said in a stern tone  of voice, "Hurt those big tits or I'll come down
there are show you what I want on those delicious breasts of yours.  Your mother
loves it, the harder the better, but you might not like it so much."
	Gina was moving now, grinding her hips forward and back over the
licking, sucking mouth and tongue, building to a higher and higher pitch of
carnal hunger.  She reached down, her breasts swaying above her mothers much
bigger mounds.  Tentatively at first, she squeezed the  spreading tits.  Her
small hands barely distorted each big mammary so she moved both hands to the
left tit, trying to engulf the melon size orb and squeezing from each side.  The
nipple, silver dollar size aureole and half the fleshy mound bulged up between
her hands like a pliable balloon.
	"Now hurt it," her father commanded.
	Maria pulled her mouth to the side and cried out, "Yes, honey, pull it
hard, dig your fingers in, pinch and twist my nipples, slap them for me.  Don't
be shy, I can take anything you can do to me."
	Her passion building, Gina felt a strange desire growing.  "Yes," she
thought to herself, "the bitch wants it, I'll please my daddy by giving it to
her."  Suddenly digging her fingernails into the pliant flesh she pulled up as
hard as she could.  Maria moaned and arched up.  At the same time Gina felt her
mother's long tongue driving up her vaginal passage to lick against her
maidenhead.
	Gina's whole body quivered at the delicious intrusion.  She grabbed a
distended nipple on each tit, cruelly pulling and twisting them.  Looking up at
her daddy she was thrilled to see his penis bulging long and hard as he jacked
off with enthusiasm at the show Gina was putting on.  This spurred her to
frantic activity as a wave of sexual delight throbbed through her genitals, her
mom's churning mouth bringing her to the edge.
	Maria was getting close to her own orgasm from the realization that her
own daughter was now dominating her body.  In moments she was thrashing on the
floor in orgasmic ecstacy, joined seconds later by Gina's cry of delight.  Gina
grabbed her mother's tits, squeezing the aureole and nipples into her grasping
hands as she used Maria's fleshy orbs to ride her face like a jockey, with wave
after wave of her climax washing through her ecstatic 13 year old body. 
"Daddy," she gasped, "can I suck your penis.  Will you put it in me and make me
a woman.  I don't want this to ever end."
	Al chuckled and said, "All in good time little one, but first you must
earn the right to suck my cock."
	"Anything, daddy, I'll do anything to prove I'm worthy," Gina found
herself replying, the tight contractions of her labia already beginning anew.
	 Al looked at his sweet faced young daughter and stroked himself slowly. 
He said, "To join your mother and I in this part of our lives you must be
totally committed, which means you are as willing to receive pain to please me
as you are to administer pain to please me.  Do you understand?  You must submit
to me completely and without any conditions or guarantees.  Once you commit
there will be no backing out, you will be mine to command and use as I see fit."
	
	Gina understood that he was telling her she would be treated like he
obviously treated her mother, but with the sharp memory of the unbelievable
pleasure she had just experienced, and comforted by the fact that her mom seemed
to love being dominated and subjected to whipping and worse, she gulped and
said, "Daddy I'm yours, I'll do anything you command and I'll submit to anything
you choose to do to me."
	Al nodded solemnly and continued, "You seem to have potential, but until
we explore your limits there's no knowing whether you will make a worthy
plaything.  I'm inclined to introduce you immediately to the life we love, sort
of sink or swim.  I know many people into bondage and pain think it is necessary
to bring new subjects along slowly, but because you are my daughter I want to
know right now whether you will love it as much as your mother and I.  If you
don't take to it quickly we would rather not be involved with you sexually at
all.  We think our overall family relationships won't work if you wind up with
less enthusiasm for this life."
	Gina felt a stab of anxiety.  "Daddy let me prove myself to you.  Please
daddy."
	Al and Maria looked at each other for a long moment and then each gave
the other a nod.  "Come, daughter, we are going to the cellar," Al directed.
	Gina was surprised as the door to the basement was always locked by a
big combination lock and her parents had told her it was a useless place full of
spiders and other creepy crawlers.  She had never so much as seen the door
opened.
	With Maria leading and Gina in the middle the three naked figures
proceeded downstairs to the living room level, then through the kitchen and
pantry to the basement door.  Gina was in goose bumps as she waited for the door
to open.  It was heavy with soundproofing.  Once open her mother flicked on a
light switch to illuminate a long descending staircase.  Another heavy door was
at the bottom.  Gina shivered when her mother casually commented, "The loudest
screams don't even reach the stairway."
	The interior was inky dark as they started through the door. Suddenly
the room was illuminated by fake candle electric lights spaced high on the walls
all around the huge room.  Gina's hand flew to her suddenly open mouth as the
nature of this place dawned upon her.  "Oh god," she gasped, taking in the dimly
lighted chamber.  Supporting wooden posts ran from the floor to high ceiling in
rows spaced maybe ten feet apart.  Between the posts were all kinds of evil
looking contraptions, some of them centered among conventional looking chairs,
couches and backless benches.  Everywhere she looked there were ropes, chains
with leather cuffs, some hanging from overhead beams that crossed the ceiling,
some from the vertical support posts, with the various contraptions festooned
with straps, chains and cuffs.
	Gina felt her father's hairy naked body pressing against her back as he
reached around to take one of her ample breasts in each of his hands.  "Welcome
to the family playroom Little One."
	Gina felt his penis begin to rise once again, the head pressing between
her ass cheeks as he slowly massaged her tit flesh and then took her swollen
aureole between his finger to gently squeeze and twist the sensitive nubs. "Oh,
uh," she groaned with pleasure, rubbing her buttocks against the rising shaft
with slow gyrations of her hips.
	"Would you like daddy's hot meat up your sweet little ass, Kitten?" he
asked.
	"Oh daddy," she gasped, "I've never had anything up my rear," then
quickly added, "but if you want it so do I."
	"What I'm in the mood for right now Kitten is to whip some tits.  Do I
have a volunteer?"
	Maria immediately said, "Yes, master, whip mine, hang me to the ceiling
and use me hard."
	Gina then said excitedly, "No daddy, do it to me.  Let me show you I can
please you as much as mom."  She literally bounced up and down on the balls of
her feet like a little girl begging for a candy bar.
	
	"This is your night, Kitten, come with daddy."  Al took her by the arm
while a disappointed Maria trailed along.  He led the eager young girl to a
narrow crotch high bench and helped her up on the end.  Leaning her backward he
bound her wrists together in leather cuffs, then pulled her arms above her head,
tying her bound wrists against the bench.  Gina's firm young tits thrust up
invitingly and Al gave her nearest nipple a squeeze as he moved down to her legs
hanging out over the end of the bench.  Maria worked on one leg as Al took
charge of the other.  They bent her knees till her heels touched the backs of
her thighs, then cinched wide leather straps around her thighs and ankles.  They
next looped another wide leather strap across her belly, buckling it loosely
under the end of the bench.  The thigh straps had big metal rings attached. 
Ropes were passed through these rings and looped under the bench.  Al put the
two ends of this rope into a ratchet affair and began to crank the rope through
its metal jaws, drawing Gina's legs out to each side as Maria tightened the belt
that now lay against her lower belly, its edge pressing against the tops of her
splayed thighs.
	When they were finished Gina looked down to see her painfully stretched
groin thrusting up and out, her lower body looking like a frog on a dissecting
table as her upraised ass hung out over the end of the bench, exposing her pussy
and ass in an obscene display of vulnerability.
	Al and Maria admired their handiwork, passing their hands over their
delectably bound young daughter as Gina looked from one to the other and said,
"Oh daddy, mom, I feel so excited and sexy.  Please use me now, do things to me,
nasty things to give you pleasure."
	 Realizing how erotically vulnerable she looked brought to the surface a
new dimension in Gina's strong inborn urge to be the focus of attention, to show
off in front of crowds of people.  Seeing the hungry looks of her mom and dad,
she wished for the room to be filled with strangers eager to watch her
debasement at the hands of her parents.  Strapped down as she was she could
twist her chest from side to side, but below the belly strap the most she could
do was rotate her pelvis enough to raise and lower her crotch a few inches.
	 Al retrieved a whip from a nearby rack of torture implements.  It had a
leather handle the size and shape of a long cock, from which dangled half a
dozen thin leather cords a couple feet long.  He showed it to Gina, then laid it
tenderly on her belly.  He knelt beside her and brought his lips to the tip of
her nearest breast, sucking the pouting aureole gently into his mouth as he
reached across to use both hands to tantalize the other fleshy mound.
	Gina gasped, then moaned loudly when her mother's hands slid down the
insides of her thighs and she felt her mom's hot breath against the swollen pink
inner labia spread before her inquiring mouth.  As Maria began to gently tease
with fingertips and tongue, Gina shivered, wondering if she would be able to
stand the whip without turning into a whimpering crybaby.  She steeled herself,
making up her mind that she would take it like a woman, that she wouldn't cry or
play upon her father's love for her by begging him to treat her less severely
than he would a real woman.
	As her mother's fingers, mouth and tongue began to work on her vagina,
pulsing labia and growing clitoris in earnest, Gina's desire began to glow and
expand in a channel from her sphincter, through her vagina, her clitoris and on
up to her nipples.  "Daddy," Gina groaned, "Do it now, do it now."  The suspense
of the unknown was making it hard to concentrate on the wonderful sensations
emanating from her tits and genitals.
	"Soon enough, Kitten, soon enough." her father replied in a soft voice
as she mewed in frustration, building toward a climax.
	
	Her dad moved a hand down her belly, running his middle finger down her
slit as Maria moved away from her crotch.  A few moments later Gina felt
something sticky touch the bud of her anus, her sphincter instinctively
tightening.  Maria held a slender bullet shaped vibrating dildo, the head and
part of the shaft liberally coated with lubricant.  She twisted the tip against
the little pink rectal opening, continuing to rotate it as she slowly increased
the thrusting pressure.  Overcoming Gina's resistance with surprising
difficulty, but the tip finally slipped past the tight anal ring. 
	"Oooh," Gina moaned as her resisting virgin back passage stretched
painfully to accommodate the invading plastic shaft.  Her mother worked it
slowly in and out, probing a little deeper each time as her father stroked her
wet labia, moving his finger from her swollen clit down to her tight vaginal
opening and back again.  When the dildo was dipping at least six inches into her
asshole the initial pain had become erotic pleasure for Gina.  Her thighs
strained and she felt her pelvic muscles contract in an effort to fuck back
against the dildo, a climax looming close, so close.
	Al took his mouth from her breast and stood, taking the whip in hand as
Maria buried the dildo with a harsh shove.  Gina cried out in pain as the
invader explored new depths, her orgasm suddenly taken away. 
	Pulling his right arm back Al hesitated a moment as Gina looked up at
her beloved father with wide imploring eyes, an urge to cry out almost reaching
her quivering lips.  "No," she wanted to shout as the reality of her situation
suddenly hit her.  Instead she choked out, "Yes, daddy, yes.  Treat me like a
woman, whip my titties."
	His arm suddenly came over and down, bringing the thongs of the whip
expertly and loudly against the underside of her left breast.  "Whump," the
strands thudded against the resilient tit flesh, making the grapefruit size
globe bounce and quiver deliciously.  "Eeeeh," Gina cried out against her will.
	The pain shot through her body like a bolt of lightening, but strangely,
when it crested and began to recede, it left a residue of warm pleasure in her
genitals.  She became aware of an intense sensation in her throbbing clit,
almost as though someone were frigging it, and at the same time she realized
that her labia were pulsing and her contracting vaginal passage was beginning to
flow with creamy discharge.  Gina's breath came in rapid gasps.  "Hit me, daddy,
hit me again."
	Al looked down at his lovely young daughter, his cock standing up like a
ramrod at the sight of the pink stripes lacing the underside of her perfect
breast and the look of eager submission in her eyes.  "God," he thought, "she's
a natural.  No telling how far I could take her.  Damn this is going to be so
good."
	His lust boiling in his testicles, Al brought the whip down against the
bottom of Gina's right breast.  This time Gina merely let out a soft, "Uh," her
head and torso swinging a little back and forth.  The next blows reddened the
tops of her breasts and then he went for the prize, cracking the thongs squarely
against the hard protrusion of her left nipple.  Gina screamed, a jagged line of
agony running instantly from the nipple down her belly to impact in her clit and
cunt as an explosive orgasmic release sent her head thrashing back and forth as
every muscle jerked against her restraints.
	Al lashed her right aureole even harder, recognizing the response of a
born pain slut in his precious daughter.  "Eeeeh, eeeh," she screamed as her
body strained and thrashed in her tight bonds, the howling high pitched sound
coming continuously from her wide open mouth and contorted features.  Gina's
orgasm built in intensity with each blow of the whip and each twist and jab of
the dildo in her ass.  In her fevered mind she wanted the pain to end, yet she
wanted it to never end.
	
	The primal intensity of her sexual fulfillment was overwhelming, like an
unimaginably intense itch spread throughout her organs of arousal being
blissfully scratched.  Gina felt like her contracting vaginal passage was ready
to send her whole body into an ecstatic convulsion.  "Harder, harder," she
shouted," straining to raise her chest as the blows rained down squarely on her
red, swollen tits, their aching flesh barely coming to rest before the next
taste of the whip.  The greater the pain, she dimly realized, the more exquisite
her orgasm became.  Finally, with an explosive gush of cunt juice, her brain
short circuited and she fainted, unaware of the last three fevered blows
administered by her father.
	Al paused for a few moments, watching his angel faced daughter slowly
regain her senses as he caught his breath.  As recognition came to her eyes he
released her hands. 
	Gina's hands immediately went to her breasts.  They felt scalded and she
half expected to touch a mass of blisters.  Instead, she touched a maze of thin
welts.  Raising her head she gasped at the sight of red stripes covering the
whole surface of her twin cone shaped mounds, her nipples swollen and distended
to the size of her mother's.  For a moment she felt overwhelmed by the pain and
the sight of her violated flesh, but then the lingering ecstacy in her loins
brought memory of the most fulfilling physical experience of her young life. 
Despite the pain throbbing through her tit flesh she smiled up at her dad and
said, "Oh thank you daddy, thank you.  That was the best, just the total best."
	Maria looked on, her belly knotting with jealousy and smoldering
resentment.  She felt an urge to grab a real whip and thrash the splayed pussy
of her seductive child.  She wanted to wipe the smile of the girl's face and
hear her beg for it to stop.  While she enjoyed her submission to Al and had
agreed to the seduction and sexual subjugation of their offspring, she now saw
Gina as competition, a threat to her place.  She had never dreamed that Gina, or
any other young girl for that matter, could be such a natural pain slut.
	Al notice his wife's angry look and smiled inwardly, judging that if he
played this just right by encouraging competition between mother and daughter to
be number one in his favor, all three of them were in for some incredible times. 
Especially, he noted with a little smirk, himself.
	As a first step in his new plan he smiled at his daughter and said,
"This is just the beginning, Kitten.  Daddy's little girl is going to find
pleasures beyond imagination."  Then, as Maria looked on with growing rage, he
bent down slowly and kissed Gina on the lips, tenderly at first, then with
stirring passion, his tongue probing into the willing depths of her mouth as his
right hand found her pussy.  She groaned with renewing arousal, matching his
tongue thrusts with her own.
	Breaking the kiss and rising as he continued to stroke her gaping slash
with his fingers, he gazed lovingly into her beautiful eyes.  Slowly bringing
his fingers up to concentrate on her swelling clitoral knob he rubbed it slowly
and asked, "Do you want daddy's cock, Kitten?"
	"Oh yes, daddy," she gasped eagerly.
	"One condition, Kitten, it will be in the ass.  We must consider calmly
and carefully before deciding if and when we would be willing to take your
virginity.  We don't want you to grow up and then decide you resent us for
taking it.  Even though you agreed to unconditional submission, we are still
your parents and the decision to give up your virginity must be carefully
considered."
	Gina pleaded, "But daddy, I already know I want you to take me.  I want
it to be you. I don't think I could take you in my rear.  Please put it in my
pussy and make me a woman.  Please, do it now."
	Al's voice grew firm, "I don't care if you want it up your ass or not. 
I told you our decision and treated you tenderly and what do you do-and remember
your pledge of unconditional submission-what do you do, you start negotiating. 
Well I won't make such a mistake again.  From now on you will remember I am your
master and you are my slave, a sex toy to serve my pleasure."
	
	Turning to Maria he snapped, "I'm going to fuck her ass long and hard. 
From the waist up she's yours.  Do whatever you want, but as far as I'm
concerned she has been a naughty girl and you know what happens to you when
you've been naughty."
	"Yes, master," Maria replied, unable to suppress a smile, "I deserve
punishment and I am grateful that you correct my misbehavior.  She has been a
bad girl and I must help punish her if my master will permit it."
	Gina listened with growing confusion and anxiety, but a part of her made
her respond with renewed desire.  She realized the kissing and tenderness had
been nice, but also that it was helpless subjugation that had taken her to a
whole new dimension of sexual excitement and satisfaction.  She had experienced
a taste of what slavery could be like and she was hooked bad.  In her best
little girl voice she said contritely, "I've been a naughty girl, daddy, you and
mom are right to punish me.  Do what you think will make me be good and
obedient.  Make me suffer for displeasing you."
	At a nod from Al, Maria retrieved several items.  Al absently watched
her preparations, stroking his flagging erection with one hand while teasing
Gina's moist genitals with the other, keeping her aroused and eager for the next
ordeal to begin.  Maria's first step was to cuff Gina's wrists behind her back
under the narrow bench.
	Her daughter's proud tits heaved up at her, rising and falling with
Gina's labored breathing.  Maria was ready to take her turn, jealous of the
firmness that her own bigger mounds were beginning to lose and eager to vent her
resentment on the helpless girl.  Her daughter had not only joined the party of
her own free will, she was clearly trying to outshine her own mother in the
master's eyes.  Old rules were out the window and Maria felt free to do whatever
she wanted and what she wanted was to hurt those gorgeous tits till her little
girl begged her to stop, and then to hurt them some more.
	Maria picked up a weird contraption that looked like two loops of a car
fan belt passing through a cinching device that held the belt loops in the shape
of an 8.  Her mother settled a loop over each firm breast, working them down to
the base of each fleshy orb by pinching the nipple with one hand and pulling up
painfully while pushing the rubber loop down with her other hand.  When her left
tit was fully enclosed Maria let go of her breast and twisted the knob on the
cinch box that lay flat on the girl's sternum.  The rubber loop contracted
slowly, squeezing till Gina's breast bulged, the skin tightening till it looked
like an inflated balloon pointing straight up from her chest.
	The already sore skin now glowed anew, feeling to Gina like the stinging
tightness of a severe sunburn.  When her right mammary matched the left, Maria
stood back to admire her handiwork.  "Now," she said with a malicious smile,
"they are ready for some proper attention."
	Gina looked from her painfully stretched, helplessly bound and presented
tits to her mother as Maria slowly pulled on a pair of snug black gloves,
saying, "These, my dear, are very special gloves.  You see the palms and finger
pads are covered with wonderful tiny burrs, hundreds of them, and each one, put
in proper contact with the skin, can feel like anything from a brief contact
with a hot iron to the sting of a wasp, depending on how contact is made.  But
don't fret.  Agonizing as it can be, no permanent harm will come to you.  Let me
demonstrate."
	Maria reached down and brought her right index finger lightly against
the taunt skin of Gina's belly.  Her finger traced slowly and delicately
downward, leaving a thin trail of stinging pain that reminded Gina of coming in
contact with a nettle bush, its passage leaving an itching irritation on the
skin.  Maria's finger moved up to the inside of Gina's right thigh, then
suddenly she clasped her whole hand on the muscular inner leg.
	
	"Yeow," Gina shouted as intense burning pain erupted everywhere the
glove clamped against her skin.  It felt like a hundred acid tipped needles had
suddenly penetrated her helpless body and she was surprised, when her mother's
hand pulled away, to see no blood seeping from her skin, but only an angry flush
in the shape of a hand print.
	The pain receded quickly, replaced by a near unbearable itch, one so
intense she struggled against her bonds in a futile effort to scratch her leg. 
Maria picked up a flexible tapered rod that looked like a two foot long
chopstick.  Laying this between Gina's closely bound breasts she said, "Shall we
begin?  When you've had enough, feel free to beg for me to stop."
	Al liked they way this was going, for sure his cock liked it judging by
the way it stood at rock hard attention.   He moved up close to Gina's spread
sex.  Taking his thick rod in hand he rubbed and slapped the head up and down
her spread and glistening pink flesh, pausing at the swelling clit to nudge and
rub the hard little shaft, bringing moans of pleasure to Gina's open lips.  Al
decided to spice things up and said, "Gina, if you beg for mercy before I come,
the next thing you will experience is having your cunt whipped by your mother
until you make her come with your mouth.  If she doesn't get you to beg, then
she'll be the one eating and you'll do the whipping."
	Gina was torn between the alternative outcomes of begging versus no
begging, but she knew her pride and her new found love of climaxing like she had
never experienced from masturbating would make her resist begging if she could. 
Unknown to her, Maria was now struggling with the same dilemma, but being the
pain slut she was her secret hope was to be whipped long and hard at least once
before the night's dungeon session was over.
	Al pulled back and as he lubed the head and first few inches of his
shaft he said, "Hold off on her tits till she gets used to my prick in her ass. 
I want her full attention on the feel of having her virgin little hole
violated."  Maria nodded understanding, her expression making her disappointment
clear.  Al moved the head of his tool to the puckered little entrance, his ball
sack tightening with anticipation as he saw the way his frightened little girl
tightened her sphincter against his invasion.
	He worked the head slightly back and forth and around the crinkled
pinkish brown bud.  He slowly pressed forward.  Reducing the pressure and then
rhythmically thrusting forward a little harder each time, Gina panting and
straining against him with increasing desperation, Al was finally rewarded with
the feeling of her tight anal entrance surrendering.  Her sphincter stretched
outward, the head of his cock slipping suddenly into her anal passage as Gina
squealed in offended agony.
	Al paused, catching his breath and said, "Yeah, babe, now the fun
begins."  Pulling back till the ridge at the base of his cock head was just
beginning to appear at her stretched entrance, he thrust his hips forward,
bludgeoning a good two inches of shaft into Gina's tight rectal passage.  Again
she cried out, feeling like the massive intruder was about to tear her apart
down there.
	His lust grew with her cries of agony, Gina's keening misery making him
thrust harder and harder, loving the feel as more and more of his shaft
experienced the almost painful clasp of her virgin tunnel.  Gina's wailing
protests began to change in pitch, evolving into lower and lower pitched animal
sounds that signaled the beginning of a change from unrelenting agony to the
first stirring of sexual arousal.  Gina's terrified resistance slowly melted,
her anal muscles beginning to relax and contract in a search for passionate
release as she coupled with her father's love pole.
	"Uh, ugg, oh yes," she breathed, "it hurts, but it hurts so good daddy."
	Inflamed by her passion, Al began fucking his little girl's virgin ass
with abandon, grunting with effort as he drove deeper and deeper with each
thrust of his hips.
	
	"Yes daddy, give me all of it, shove it in me, yes, yes, yes"
	 Al almost lost it when Gina's rectal muscles spasmed around his
pistoning shaft, her body jerking with the beginning of her orgasm.  "Oh god,"
he thought as he struggled to hold his seed, "she's a natural; man is this gonna
be a wild ride, and she's all mine."
	His musing cut short as Maria reached down and grabbed Gina's bulging
left breast, wrapping her devil gloves around the tightly stretched globe.
"Eeeoww," the helpless girl screamed, her torso thrashing back and forth to
dislodge the agonizing burrs as her orgasm suddenly spiked with a gut clenching
jolt.
	The fire subsided to an ungodly itch when her mother's hands moved to
her left breast, bringing a new howl of protest.  This time Maria squeezed and
kneaded the protesting flesh, letting go only when the girl's cry of pain began
to change in recognition of her resurgent climax.  Maria heard Al groaning in
his familiar pre orgasm ecstacy so she quickly seized Gina's stretched aureole
between thumb and forefinger, pulling up and twisting each nipple at the same
time.  A thunderous jolt of fire shot from Gina's tortured nipples straight to
her genital crease, joining with the waves of pleasure boiling upward from her
rectal passage.  This time her scream was a triumphant celebration evidenced by
a pulsing stream of cum juice from her cunt.
	Al erupted then, squirting load after load of hot semen deep into her
bowels, relishing the feel of his little girl's channel rippling and gripping
his jerking member.
	Finally spent, he pulled out and turned with a nod to Maria.  She
lowered her head and stripped off the gloves.  Dropping to her knees she took
him into her mouth and sucked and licked him clean.  When he was satisfied he
pushed her toward Gina.  With a dirty look at her husband, Maria brought her
mouth to her daughter's stretched asshole and began lapping the jism oozing from
her violated passage, as Gina moaned in the pleasant afterglow of her orgasm.
	Al finally tapped his wife's shoulder, saying, "Time for your
punishment, slut."  She stood with her head bowed submissively while Al untied
his satiated daughter.  He then led his two beautiful sex toys to a short and
narrow bench held in a vertical position above the floor by a metal post that
attached at the mid point of the bench.  Two chains hung loosely from pulleys
attached to a ceiling beam.  The chains ended in leather cuffs laying on the
floor at either side of the bench.  Al attached a cuff to each of Maria's
ankles, then pushed her back against the narrow bench.  The bottom of the bench
stopped above the crack of her ass, and the top touched the back of her head. 
Al cinched wide leather straps around Maria's narrow waist and across her upper
chest just below her armpits.
	Testing the tightness of the straps to assure a tight fit, Al then
activated a motor in the base.  The bench slowly tilted back, the straps holding
the bound woman as her feet left the floor.  The motor stopped when Maria's
torso tilted at an angle where her head was two or three feet below her crotch. 
Then two more motors started to whir and the slack in the ankle chains
disappeared, then drew her legs up and apart to open her cunt and ass
delightfully.
	Al said, "Daughter, if you are going to play with us you're going to
have to learn control.  A master will not always allow you to cum whenever you
feel like it.  Now we are going to punish your mother with ten blows apiece
right down the middle.  I will time the blows and she will be trying to get you
off.  You can't move away from her mouth, and if you orgasm before she gets all
twenty you will take her place for twenty of your own.  If she doesn't make you
cum we keep whipping till you do."
	
	After a moment's hesitation, Gina moved toward her mother's head.  Al
retrieved a leather strap for Gina and a cat with knotted leather thongs for
himself.  "Take your position," Al said, anxious to see if Gina would get off on
giving pain as much as she seemed to in receiving it.
	Gina spread her legs, moved her pussy above her mother's face, then
worked her feet slowly apart till her spreading pussy lips tickled against
Maria's nose.  Maria, her arms free, reached around to clasp Gina's ass cheeks
and drew her firmly down to lick and suck her pink inner flesh.
	Al stood behind the bench opposite Gina and raised his whip arm,
bringing the tails of the cat sharply down on his wife's gaping charms.  A cry
of pain was muffled by Gina's cunt as Maria's mons and labia quivered and
contracted against the sudden assault.
	Gina eagerly awaited his signal, anxious to experience the feeling of
whipping her helpless mother.  Her dad gave a nod and, whap, she lashed the
strap squarely on the spread pussy, shivering with excitement at the way her
mother's hips jerked in response to the strap.  If anything, the whipping of her
most sensitive flesh brought a more passionate response from Maria's tongue,
driving Gina to a series of delightful cums.  None were as crashing in intensity
as when she was the one tied and beaten, but Gina knew as she wielded the strap
that she was going to love her new life.  She was glad she lost the contest by
coming too soon.




	Chapter 4

	Gina and her mother flopped down back in their quarters, both still
excited by the show they had put on making Lars come for the audience in the
showroom.  Gina's thoughts went for the thousandth time to her still virgin
pussy.  The day after that first scene with her parents she had been sternly
informed that they had made a further decision on the subject.  Dad had hinted
that it wasn't necessarily his idea, but that from then on there would be
frequent checks to make sure she was still intact.  If for any reason she lost
her cherry she would be kicked out of the family sex.  Despite tearful pleas,
that day and on many a later occasion, they refused to budge or the explain
their reasons.  Gina's secret conclusion was that her mother was jealous, and
this was her way of getting back and at the same time keeping Al tied to her own
cunt.
	Maria said, "I'll bet we stiffened every dick in the house.  Did you see
all the fucking and sucking going on when they were dragging us out of there?"
	"Did I ever.  Like I didn't want to jump some bones myself.  Seriously,
mom, how did I do?  I did my best not to cum but I just couldn't stop myself. 
Trying to act all virgin like you told me is really hard when you and dad have
done such a good job of training me to enjoy getting off no matter what the
scene.  Now you want me to act all innocent and scared when all I've ever wanted
was to feel a big stiff cock ripping past my cherry."
	Turning her head to look at her daughter, Maria replied, "I don't think
they could tell about your coming, but you took to that beautiful prick with way
too much enthusiasm.  Hopefully the members chalked it up to getting whipped. 
Remember that a big part of why we were selected for this chance had to do with
you being a virgin.  You can figure out for yourself that these people get all
the adult consensual action they can handle.  The whole reason for us being here
is so they can get off on watching or doing things to us.  The more innocent and
reluctant we seem, the more stimulating their fantasy of torture and rape, and
especially when it comes to you.  What do you think will stiffen those cocks
more, watching you tackle the first stiff one you can find and jumping on, or
watching and listening to you beg for mercy while they have you tied spread
eagle, raped and screaming in agony?"
	
	"I guess you're right, mom.  I know when I'm doing you I like to pretend
sometimes that you are an innocent captive, like when we play spy and my job is
to make you talk."




	Chapter 5

	As Maria and Gina talked and rested, Al, his balls recently emptied, lay
strapped to the same device recently vacated by Lars.  He was eager to be rid of
the thong, wanting to show off his big tool to the audience.  Despite having
come just a couple hours before, his prick swelled uncomfortably against the
tight confinement when he caught sight of the two tall and nubile blondes being
led to the stage.  In front was Karen Hansen, a near dead ringer for the model
Cindy Crawford, but for her light blonde hair cascading over naked shoulders,
and her firm naked breasts which seemed a bit too large despite her near six
feet of slim but curvaceous body.  She moved sensuously, clad only in a lacy
black garter belt, black nylons and black patent leather high heels.
	Behind her and truly reluctant, her daughter Kim moved in lurching
awkward steps as she resisted the pull on the leash attached to her silver
studded collar.  Like Gina before her, she wore a vest buttoned over her
otherwise bare torso, a short pleated cheerleader skirt, rolled down white socks
and white sneaker.  She was a little girl version of her mother, tall and almost
thin.  To an onlooker she could pass for several year short of fourteen, the
unmistakable swell of her vest being the only suggestion that puberty was under
way.
	Many in the audience were turned on more by Kim's covered boyish figure
and innocent little girl face than by the ravishingly gorgeous and already naked
mother, the room awash in lewd fantasies involving the fate of this reluctant
young morsel.  As the committee had judged, the instant consensus was for the
Hansen's to lose round one so delightful things might befall the three of them,
but especially the youngest member of the family.
	The jaded members soon knew they would not be disappointed.  When the
first ten minutes started Karen spent her time doing a bump and grind for Al,
cupping her tits and tweaking her ample cherry red nipples, while simultaneously
trying to coax and cajole a frightened and immobile Kim into taking off her
vest, knowing how the sight of her daughter's sprouting and full nippled breasts
would excite the smirking Italian stud.  Karen knew from her own reaction to the
sight of Kim's impressive mounds, that set off against her otherwise boyish
figure, every man in the room would be turned on.
	Kim stood looking at the floor, her face flushed and her arms tight
against her sides.  Her mother dropped her voice and whispered harshly, "Kim,
we're running out of time.  You're going to wind up naked sooner or later, and
if we don't make him come we are going to be punished.  Don't doubt for a minute
that they will get pleasure from both of us one way or another.  Now take off
that vest or I swear I'll offer to help them punish you myself."
	All Kim did was shake her head no.
	The ten minutes dragged on.  Restless sounds came from the audience as
Al watched the feeble performance with an increasingly smug expression, knowing
that his females would have put on a real show.
	When the time was up Karen pulled the thong from Al's loins and pleaded
with Kim, "Take him in your hands and run them up and down the shaft."  She
might as well have been talking to a statue.  Murmurs of discontent grew louder
in the room as Kim refused even to look up.  Kim's ten minutes passed in a
frustrating impasse as the audience grew increasingly bored and angry at the
disobedient little princess.  Al even yawned a couple of times, his cock laying
limp between his legs.
	
	The final ten minutes were anticlimactic.  Karen attacked Al's flaccid
penis with all her considerable skills, and while she succeeded in bringing him
to a full ten inch erection, she didn't sense him near orgasm when the time
expired.  A rough hand grabbed her by the hair, pulling her mouth off of Al's
thick pole. 
	Guards quickly cuffed Karen and Kim behind their backs as the
announcer's voice boomed over the loudspeakers, "A really pathetic performance
from the Hansen family, eh?"  This was met by a roar of approval.  The voice
continued, "The program called for the activity to end at this point with
punishment tomorrow."  Several men and women voiced loud protests.  "However,"
the voice resumed, "due to the boredom they have inflicted upon us, it has been
decided that the show will continue until a suitable amount of pleasure has been
derived by all of you."  Cheers of approval met this promise as the stage
lighting dimmed and a curtain came down.




	Chapter 6

	Kim was still in shock, her mind in a sort of dreamy state from the
overload of the past few hours, and especially from the furtive glances she had
taken to see her mother shamelessly fondling and sucking the man's huge brown
penis in front of a room full of people.  "Never," she thought, "I'll never let
them make me do that."
	Hands grabbed her and in moments a hard round ball was in her mouth,
strapped in place by a thin leather thong tied behind her head.  A blindfold was
placed over her eyes and her handcuffs were released and then reattached in
front and above her head, holding her against a thin but rigid pole sticking up
from the floor.  Minutes passed, during which she heard many sounds of activity
around her.
	She heard the curtain go up and the sound of applause just before the
blindfold was removed.  At first she was blinded by the bright stage lights. 
She soon recovered to see her mother hanging completely nude, her wrists cuffed
together over her head with her feet a foot off the stage floor.  Despite her
shock the sight of her mother's beautiful body suspended with her breasts
thrusting out and stretching upward caused an odd stirring in the girl's loins.
	Looking around Kim saw that the Italian was still lashed spread eagle to
the same contraption.  She heard a grunt from her other side and turned to see
her father.  He was also naked and spread open on the same type of device, but
in his case the frame was parallel to the floor and his arms were bound at his
sides.  He was attended by a beautiful dark haired woman and a young girl.  The
girl was dressed like Kim, but the woman wore a corset like garment with garter
belts, stockings and heels, all white.  Kim was amazed at the size of her
breasts, bigger than her own mother's despite a much smaller body.
	These two were tying a cord under the pink head of her father's long
penis.  They attached the cord to a pulley suspended from above and tied it off
after taking up the slack in a way that stretched his cock shaft painfully
straight up in the air.  Next they tied a similar thong around the base of his
scrotum, cinching it tight.
	
	When her dad's egg size balls were bulging above the loop they draped
the loose end over a pulley that rose above his spread knees.  A leather pouch
was attached to the end of the cord and into this pouch they dropped a lead
weight, heavy enough to make him grunt again with pain as the pouch jerked
downward, stretching his testicles toward the top of the pulley.  His tortured
sack was above the level of his muscular thighs so the audience had a clear view
of the L shape formed by his tormented cock and balls.
	Lars raised his hips as best he could to relieve the strain on his
distended penis, the sexy sight bringing a chorus of lustful moans among the
audience members.
	Karen's wrists and shoulders ached painfully as the chains suspending
her slowly revolved, giving the audience an ever changing view of her delectable
white flesh. The thrill of being displayed to the crowd was fading with her
realization that she was no longer the center of attention, and worse it might
be some time before they even got around to dealing with her.
	Maria picked up one of the whippy two foot chopsticks and said to Gina,
"Drop another weight in the sack.  He's looking just too comfortable.  Then go
over and see if you can persuade his little girl to come sit on his face.  Make
her understand that we won't stop torturing her parents until she has stripped,
come on his face, and drunk your father's seed."
	Gina listened to this shocking order and clung to her pole like a
security blanket.  While she was mad at her folks for getting her into this
nightmare without so much as asking if she was willing, she still loved her
mother and adored her dad and didn't want to see them suffer on her account. 
Because of this it came like a punch to her stomach when she saw Maria raise the
wand like stick and swing it down viciously across Lars' stomach just above his
denuded upthrust cock.  Kim's body jerked an instant after the loud "thwack" of
the blow brought a similar quiver to Lars straining muscles.  "Agg," Lars cried
out.
	Gina was beside Kim.  Reaching up beneath the taller girl's short skirt
to run a hand over the smooth skin of Kim's naked butt, she whispered, "The only
way you have any chance to avoid being tortured yourself is to do exactly as we
tell you, do you understand?"
	Kim jumped again, partly from the sound of the next blow and its
immediate cry of pain, and partly from the shocking feel of Gina's hand seeking
to slip between her legs.  Kim wiggled against the post, wide eyed like a
trapped animal.  She finally nodded that she understood and Gina whispered, "If
I take out the gag will you promise to keep your mouth shut?  Remember that it
will go real bad for all of us if you start yelling about your rights or some
such crap."
	Kim nodded again and Gina untied the ball gag, pulling it out of the
girl's distended jaws.  Kim sighed with relief and then whispered back, "I don't
think I could take my clothes of in front of all these people."
	"How about if I do it for you?"
	"Uh, uh, OK," Kim said, spurred to action by the loud scream brought
from her father by the first blow Maria brought across the top of his swelling
cock shaft.
	Gina beckoned her mother to help and they uncuffed the girl from the
post.  Maria resumed methodically striking up and down the front of Lars' prick,
made doubly painful by the force of each blow causing the loop under its head to
yank against his tender glands.
	Leading Kim over beside Lars, Gina faced the girl away from the table
and knelt beside her as she unsnapped the little cheerleader skirt, dropping it
to the floor as Kim stood passively.  Gina waited for the crowd to get a good
look at Kim's boyish but trim legs, muscular buttocks and bald little girl's
genital crease.  Gina stood and unbuttoned Kim's vest slowly, finally spreading
it to reveal two proudly upthrusting cones of flesh, each capped by another
generously pouting pink cone, which in turn were capped with  thimble size
nipples.
	
	As Gina pulled the vest from her shoulders, Kim blushed with shame, but
also with a stirring of excitement and pride as loud catcalls of approval came
from the audience.  With eyes already downcast, Kim felt an unfamiliar sensation
in her genitals as she watched her pink aureole crinkle and elongate into tight
little mounds.
	Gina led her to where her father lay.  Kim looked down his chest, her
eyes gaping wide at the sight of the majestic sword of hard flesh jerking under
the next blow.  She felt her tight little pussy clench as she wondered how any
woman could possibly take such a thing inside her body.
	Lars gasped, "Come on baby, straddle daddy's face and let me lick you."
	Kim stood like a statue, part of her mind hoping if she didn't move no
one would notice the unbroken stretch of milk white skin from the tops of her
rolled down socks to the pig tailed blonde hair on her head.  "Swack," the
flexible rod struck the underside of her dad's rigid penis, sending a lightening
bolt of pain radiating from this most sensitive area.
	When Lars' scream subsided Maria turned on the cowering naked girl and
growled, "How much pain are you going to put your father through little girl
before you do as your told?"
	Lars was panting and writhing against his bonds.  Watching Maria's whip
arm begin its next slow move to initiate the next blow Lars suddenly twisted he
neck, seeking Kim with imploring eyes. In a strained voice he pleaded, "Please,
baby, this hurts too much.  Please, please do this for daddy."
	Tears springing to her eyes, Kim crossed her arms across her chest and
sobbed, "Oh please stop hurting my dad."
	"I don't want to beat such a beautiful cock," Maria lied, "but he's
going to suffer till you get on his face and he proves he can make you cum. 
He's already failed to show he can control himself, now we find out if he has
any control over you."
	Maria brought sympathetic groans from men in the crowd by holding the
rod poised above Lars' bulging nuts and, as he looked down in wide eyed horror,
flicked her wrist to bring the wicked stick down sharply against the most
sensitive place on his body.  He grunted, the breath exploding from his lungs as
though he had been punched in the solar plexus.
	Kim sobbed, tears streaming down her face, but she finally took a
tentative step forward.  Looking down she noticed stirrups hanging down from the
headrest on either side.  Kim had ridden horses and knew what to do.  She put
her sneaker clad left foot in the stirrup to the left of her dad's head. 
Reaching down to grasp the strap across Lars stomach, she used it to steady
herself while she swung her right leg up and over his head, stepping into the
other stirrup with her right foot.
	She stood poised above her dad's head as Maria and Gina watched her
expectantly.  Putting her hands against his chest for balance she bent her knees
slowly outward to clear his shoulders.
	"Yes, baby, pretend your sitting down on a saddle and I'll make you feel
real good."
	Kim grimaced with disgust as she felt the first light touch of her dad's
mouth against her slit.  Maria held off as she watched the first tentative probe
of Lars' tongue between the lips of Kim's uncharted little snatch.  And then
Maria was startled to see something else.  Peaking out from the folds of Kim's
slightly spread sex was the biggest clitoris she had ever seen.  Her own clit
didn't get near this big when she was fully aroused.  She reckoned it was about
the length and thickness of a baby's finger, big enough to be grasped between a
thumb and forefinger.
	Maria couldn't take her eyes off this little freak of nature, her first
impulse being a feeling of envy, and her second being a desire to reach out and
see how the girl would react to having it pinched and twisted.
	
	Kim's disgust faded quickly as she felt her father's long tongue snake
between her lips to rub up and down her tender inner flesh.  He stabbed quickly
up the tight little vagina, pressing the tip against her hymen, then drawing
back to the entrance only to repeat the intrusion again and again.
	Kim began to move against his mouth without conscious awareness, feeling
and electric jolt in her clenching virgin passage, and an even more stirring
sensation emanating from her swelling clit as the tip of her little shaft
tickled against the slight beard roughness of her dad's chin.  She instinctively
pulled her hips back to bring her clit over her dad's mouth.  Lars paused,
startled by the unexpected finger of hard flesh begging for attention.
	His curiosity overcoming the ache in his cock and balls.  Lars ran his
tongue up and down and around the swelling clit, if it could be called that. 
Maybe, Lars wondered, his gene for a big cock was passed on to his little girl. 
He finally took the thing in his mouth, feeling almost as though a little boy
had suddenly taken his daughter's place.
	Kim was gasping in the throws of an arousal way more intense than any
she had ever experienced from masturbating.  She lost awareness of everything
but her genitals, humping up and down to drive her clit in and out of the
sucking mouth.  Lars felt like his cock was about to explode from the perverse
experience of giving his little girl a blow job, knowing by her jerking body
that she was on the verge of an orgasm.
	"Uh, uh, uh," Kim yelped over and over, her head thrashing about and her
chest heaving and twisting, making her firm young tits bounce and wiggle
provocatively.
	Everyone, from audience members to the players on the stage, was
entranced by the incredible transformation they were witnessing.  Only Maria had
a clue to the reason and her envy grew into stinging jealousy as Kim climaxed,
crying out as she flopped around like a rider on a bucking bronc.
	Lars was awash in feminine discharge from forehead to neck.  He wanted
to lap his little girl's vaginal secretions, but couldn't bring himself to take
his lips away from her amazing clitoris, fascinated by the way it jerked
rhythmically as her orgasm peaked and began to subside.  All that was missing
were jets of hot cum spurting from the rounded tip.
	Al had been watching from across the stage.  Even though he was 15 feet
away he could see the erect clit and the incongruous sight had his cock at rigid
attention.  Kim's glassy eyes slowly focused on his leering gaze as awareness
returned to her mind.  For the first time she experienced the power of her own
sexuality, knowing that this hairy man with his big hard penis wanted her body. 
And she felt a renewing desire of her own, her raging hormones acting like some
exotic drug in taking away her inhibitions and making her crave more of what she
had just experienced.  She again became acutely aware of her nudity, only this
time the feeling was one of excitement at being seen by the crowd instead of
agonizing embarrassment.  Seeing the Italian's eyes on her chest she
deliberately pulled her shoulders back and arched her spine to thrust her tits
as provocatively as she could, turning her head to the side and looking down
demurely.
	"Smack," the rod cracked against her own ass cheeks, bringing a startled
cry from Kim more of surprise than pain.  Maria followed it by ordering, "Girl
you are not finished yet.  Time to suck cock, and to keep up your enthusiasm
we're going to whip your momma till you make my man shoot a load of hot cum in
your sweet little mouth.  Now get about your business."
	Kim dismounted her dad's head, but before both feet hit the floor she
pleaded, "But I don't know how to do what you want."
	"Alright girl, I'll show you how, but for your mother's failure to see
to your education her pain starts now.  Gina, help me up on this girl's daddy
and then fetch a whip to her momma.  Be sure and save some of her for me,
though."
	
	Gina gave Maria a boost up to straddle Lars' chest facing his crotch. 
She untied the cord around the base of his cock head, took his rigid cock in
both hands and started jacking him off, saying, "Watch close, girl."
	While Kim looked on with rapt attention, Gina took what looked like a
short version of a bull whip and went over to Karen.  The flexible whip was
about five feet long including a foot of phallic shaped handle.  Carefully
measuring by furling the whip along the floor, Kim drew back her arm like a side
arm pitcher and cracked the last foot of the whip's tail across Karen's back.  A
thin red welt instantly appeared on the unblemished white skin as Karen cried
out and jerked against the pain.
	Kim didn't take her eyes from her dad's long prick, jumping only
slightly at the sound of the whip.  Maria bent down and licked the translucent
pink head, running her tongue over and around and then down the back side of the
tapering shaft.  Despite the steady ache in his distended scrotum Lars moaned
with pleasure as Maria came back above the head and slowly engulfed half of his
cock shaft into her mouth and down her throat.  She went up and down on him for
a minute or so before reluctantly letting his prick flop down on his chest and
sliding herself back down to the floor, saying, "Those are the basics, little
one, so you better get busy as I've neglected your momma long enough."
	Kim looked over to the next crack of the whip on her mother's back. 
Karen arched away from the pain, causing her tits to thrust forward and bob
around provocatively against the background of her slender chest, each rib
visible beneath the taunt milky skin.  Kim felt a strong urge to watch the
torture of her mother, feeling only a slight tinge of guilt from knowing that
she getting sexually aroused by the sight.  For the first time she contemplated
the thought of being abused herself with something other than abject terror.
	Al's attention was also on the helpless blonde's writhing figure.  He
hardly noticed Kim's approach.  He gasped with surprised pleasure as her small
hands slipped tentatively around his long untended but still rigid cock shaft. 
He looked down at Kim's incongruously sexy tits, his prick jumping in her hands
at the thought of unspeakable things he would like to do to them.  For her part,
Kim was fascinated at the sight and feel of the first penis she had ever
touched.
	She began clumsily to pull her hands up and down, surprised at the way
the skin moved so freely against the underlying meat.  Al began slowly rotating
his hips to try and encourage the girl to a faster pace as he looked over to see
Maria, now in charge of the whip, wielding a vicious blow across Karen's smooth
round ass cheeks, bringing a loud scream from the helpless beauty.
	Kim felt weird about it, but the crack of the whip and the sound of her
mother screaming made Kim hot and eager to help the Italian get more enjoyment
from the show.  She felt a visceral urge to serve his depraved desires. 
Instinctively she gripped the shaft harder and moved faster.
	"Suck me girl," he said, barely taking his eyes off Karen's undulating
body.  A network of red welts crisscrossed her back side from mid back to knees
and he noticed that she was rubbing her suspended legs against each other as she
swayed in the air.
	Kim leaned forward, parting her lips hesitantly like a girl about to try
a first kiss.  She tasted a salty fluid leaking from the slit in the tip of the
bulbous head, decided it wasn't too bad and slowly opened her mouth wide to take
the whole head into her mouth.  She sucked it like a jawbreaker candy, then
pushed forward to take some of the thick shaft inside. She could get no more
than four or five inches inside before the head bumped against the back of her
throat and would go no further.
	
	Assuming she had it right she began running the hard pole in and out
while holding the base of the shaft with one hand.  She decided this was kind of
fun, especially the way the tip kept leaking the salty stuff from the end.  She
stopped from time to time to lick the sticky fluid with her long facile tongue,
enjoying the taste.
	All Al could think was thank heavens for the sight of the gorgeous
creature being whipped because this was the worst blow job of his life.  The
girl was going at him like a student stumbling through a lab experiment, and
while there was a certain turn on from being her first, he doubted he could ever
come without the stimulation of watching Karen twist and turn under the lash.
	After several more minutes of Kim's ineffective stimulation the
announcer issued a booming order over the P A system, "This, folks, could take
all night.  The Hansen family has done such a poor job of training the little
girl, and she isn't showing much aptitude either, so to make amends for their
poor behavior we're going to watch both the bitches get whipped till Mr. Hansen
makes Mr. Franco come.  String the little one up by her mother and get Mr.
Hansen ready to take it in his ass, then turn Mr. Franco loose."
	Three huge blacks in guard uniforms hopped on the stage and took Kim to
stand about ten feet from her mother.  Cuffs attached to chains came down from
above and the struggling girl was soon suspended off the floor facing her mother
who was no longer turning in her own bonds.  It seemed they wanted the two of
them to look at each other.
	Next the guards released Lars' scrotum and unlatched his frame from the
floor.  They moved it over between the hanging naked females and, after securing
the base in place, they activated the motors to reposition Lars for what was to
come.  Leaving him on his back parallel to the floor, the leg pieces were
activated to bring his thighs toward his chest and spread apart with his knees
bent so his legs were in a squatting position.  When the motors stopped his
pelvis tilted to expose his denuded ass for attention, giving his wife and
daughter a clear view of his exposed anal entrance as well as his now softened
prick and sagging scrotum.
	Lars looked from one to the other, feeling guilty for being stirred by
the sight of his ladies trussed naked and vulnerable for the entertainment of
the audience.
	Kim looked down at her father, frightened yet excited by the helpless
submission she felt at knowing she and her parents were going to be subjected to
the sexual whims of the others and there was nothing she could do to stop it.
	Al approached, rubbing his sore arms and wrists and smiling with
anticipation.  Gina stood beside Kim, holding a soft thonged cat, while Maria
stayed by Karen who continued slowly undulating with secret arousal from the
fiery pain up and down her back side.  Near exhaustion from a series of quiet
orgasms she had concealed as best she could to keep from looking like an abject
pain slut, she knew the next few minutes would send her really over the edge.
	"Give it to the bitches good, ladies, especially the little one for
being such a lousy little cock sucker."  Al grinned and spit on his hand. 
Rubbing it around his cock head he quickly took his fat tool in hand and
positioned the impossibly large head at the wrinkled bud of Lars' anus.  Working
the tip forcefully, Al patiently waited for the sphincter to yield.  When it
finally surrendered, opening enough to admit the tip of Al's bludgeon, the
Italian instantly rammed his hips forward.  Lars cried out with burning agony as
the rigid post ripped several inches into his virgin asshole.
	Karen jerked with lusty desire at the sight of her husband's
deflowering, eager to feel the sting of the lash on her sweating body.  She
wasn't disappointed, but she was painfully startled when the whip cracked
against her defenseless belly, leaving the first red stripe on her front.
	
	Kim got the next blow as Gina brought the thongs of the cat against her
milky white buttocks.  Even as she emitted a high pitched little girl scream a
part of her relished being initiated into what was obviously a big part of what
turned all these people on.  Her hips jerked forward, giving Lars a short look
at the distended clitoris he had so recently sucked as it thrust forward and out
from her puffy folds.
	Al couldn't get enough of the erotic sights, ramming more and more of
his cock inside the slowly yielding anal passage while he looked from Lars'
grotesquely stretched asshole beneath him, then up to the full breasted mother
on his left and then over to the willowy young girl whose tits were mature
enough to thrust out and up, proudly displaying their tight pouting aureole and
distended nipples.
	Lars too was looking from one to the other as the whip strokes against
his wife moved slowly up to the underside of her stretched mammaries, while Gina
concentrated on his daughter's virgin ass with a cat that did little more than
sting sharply.  He blushed with shame when Al paused, holding his cock deeply
imbedded in Lars' ass, and reached down to take Lars' rigid cock in his hand. 
Al grinned as he held the stiff member up to show the audience how turned on the
man was from watching his women getting abused, or maybe from getting his ass
raped by another man, or just maybe from a combination of both.
	A shout of encouragement came from the audience and Al responded by
jacking off the magnificent cock while resuming his own fuck strokes.  Lars
squirmed, unable to stop watching the abuse of his wife and daughter, yet
determined not to reveal the degree of his arousal by letting Al make him shoot
before Al himself got off.
	Kim found herself rubbing her thighs together to bring friction against
the sides of her clit, jolts of pleasure shooting from the hard little spire of
hard flesh.  All of it was turning her on, her father's erection which she
assumed was from looking at her abasement, the sight of Al's cock pistoning in
and out of her dad's hole, and the jerking, screaming visage of her beautiful
mother as the whip licked wickedly across one nipple and then the other, each
blow flattening her big tits only to spring back and quiver like mounds of
jello.
	Al almost lost interest in fucking Lars' ass as he increased the pace of
masturbating the helpless man's captive sword.  Both Karen and Kim were creaming
themselves at the sight of Lars pulling and twisting against the restraining
straps in a frantic effort to hold his seed.  With a bellow of frustration and
passion Lars lost the battle, a thick ropy jet of white cum exploding from his
cock to arch high above him.  It came down to splatter on his face, quickly
followed by several more emissions, each landing lower and lower on his hairless
body.
	Al dropped the softening hunk of flesh to splat against Lars' cum
covered belly, then resumed his ass fucking with a vengeance.  Finally, Al gave
a bellow of his own and pulled out to mix his own jism with Lars', shooting the
first stream up to the already cum stained face of his defeated victim.




	Chapter 7

	The Hansen and Franco families were taken out of the showroom.  When
they were gone the announcer advised the thoroughly exhausted audience, "For
those night owls among you who just can't get enough, the Hansen family is being
instructed to teach their little girl the finer points of fucking and sucking. 
They will get an hour to bathe and rest, but you can then catch the action on
channel 5 for as long as they last."
	
	The redness had already faded from Kim's muscular ass cheeks by the time
her family reached their quarters.  She noticed that the angry welts covering
her mother front and back were fading as well, but it was obvious the bullwhip
had been far more painful and the damage more lasting.  Seeing the look of
concern on her daughter's face Karen patted her cheek and said, "Don't worry
honey, I'll be good as new by morning.  What you have to worry about is learning
how to pleasure men and also women so we don't all become nothing but pain toys
for the members' amusement."
	"What do you mean, mom?"
	"Well, honey, most all the members are sure to get their biggest kicks
from tying us up and doing stuff to us, stuff like whipping and worse.  Many of
them get off on being tortured as well.  These people can have plain old vanilla
sex day and night, but when they pay a fortune to support a place like this they
are looking for action a lot more spectacular.  Somewhere in most all of us
there is an urge to let the beast loose.  Throughout history those with absolute
power have engaged in the enslavement and sexual abuse of others with less
power, even sometimes under the guise of religious practice such as during the
Spanish Inquisition.
	"I don't mind telling you that getting whipped tonight was a turn on for
me, and I got turned on even more when they strung you up and went at both of
us."
	"Mom," Kim interrupted in a shocked voice, then cocked her head in
reflection for a moment, "I guess if I'm honest about it I got kind of excited
from that part of it myself."
	With a laugh Karen said, "Yeah I kind of guessed as much.  Anyway, if
you want to avoid being nothing but a torture victim we better teach you how to
use your hands and mouth in ways that will make you suited for something besides
hanging in chains, and believe me those beautiful tits on that otherwise
innocent looking young body of yours will make you a hot ticket for the pain
crowd."
	Kim shivered with mixture of dread and excitement at the specter of
being the center of attention  in some perverse torture show.
	Once in their quarters the three of them showered and then went into the
master bedroom, all three still naked.   Kim and Lars still felt a little
embarrassed by being nude in the presence of the other, but for Karen it was
pure turn on.  The modest size bedroom had a mirrored ceiling and walls, and its
sole piece of furniture was a bigger than king size bed with posts at each
corner.  From each post dangled a rope with a cuff on the end, the purpose of
which was obvious to the three of them.  What Kim alone didn't know was that the
room was wired for sound and that the mirrors were one way, concealing a dozen
video cameras which were adjusted and monitored in a distant control room by a
staff of professional who made sure a first class porno show was being recorded
for later viewing, and in this case also being fed live to the monitors in all
the members quarters.
	Knowing they would be putting on a show for an unseen audience, Karen
had Kim lay in the middle of the bed on her back.  Then, knowing how flexible
Kim was from the yoga class all three of them attended, she and Lars raised
Kim's legs, bending her till her ankles and calves went around her torso and lay
on the bed beside her shoulders so that her arms were actually on top of the
backs of her thighs.  Lars made sure she held this position while Karen moved
around to cuff her wrists to the foot of the bed and her ankles to the head
posts.
	
	Contorted like this, Kim's crotch pointed straight up, her swelling mons
and still swollen labia rising above her tightly stretched ass and thighs.  They
raised Kim's head and put a firm pillow under her neck so she could see her own
exposed genitals.  She felt delightfully sexy and vulnerable and could hardly
wait for what was to come next.  Her growing arousal caused her clit, already
clearly peeking out for attention, to swell and rise like a little boy's hard
on.  Kim would have been mortified to know that dozens of TV monitors were at
that moment showing closeups of what she considered her ugly deformity that
would be a source of revulsion that would someday make her lose the man of her
dreams.
	"What's this," her mother exclaimed as she got back on the bed beside
her daughter.
	"Oh mom, don't look at that thing, it makes me feel like I'm the wrong
sex.  Its so ugly."
	"No, no, no, baby," Karen replied as she wet her middle finger and
reached out to touch the tip of it, "the rare female with a clit this big is the
most fortunate among women.  I have always been thankful for having been endowed
with a big one myself, but yours, . .  I think I'd kill for one like this.  A
clit like this should make you a regular cum machine.  And besides, it will make
you ever so much more fun to play with."
	Not sure she was mollified by her mother's words, for after all what can
you expect a mother to say, Kim gasped with pleasure as the finger rubbed up,
down and around the little shaft, causing it to grow and thrust out farther by
the second, until it protruded two inches above the folds of her pussy.  Not one
person watching the video feed failed to have a lascivious reaction to the
sight, with fantasies ranging from gruesome ways to torture it to delightful
ways to stimulate it.
	Kim was moaning with pleasure when Karen stopped playing with her clit
and said, "Lars, why don't you start with her asshole and follow my directions." 
Lars sat below Kim's bottom and leaned over, cupping one of the girl's ass
cheeks with each hand, his long fingers laid inward to frame the wrinkled little
bud.  He tickled lightly around her anal entrance with his fingers, then bent
down and ran the tip of his tongue around and around the rim, making the girl
gasp and wiggle.  After teasing her till her rectal muscles began to clench and
relax rhythmically he suddenly stabbed at the sensitive entrance. His tongue
darted just inside, and even though Karen had been talking steadily and had just
told him to enter her tight little passage, Kim squealed with surprise and
delight at the sudden intrusion, her sphincter clamping down tightly around the
wet invader.
	Karen ordered her to relax and told Lars to fuck her hole to give her an
idea how much pleasure was involved.  Lars shove his tongue in and out rapidly,
getting more and more deeply into the girl's anal passage till Kim was
whimpering with arousal and was ready to come.  Karen told Lars to move on up
and lick and suck her tender pink inner labia.  He deliberately stopped short of
her pulsing clit, knowing she wouldn't last long if he were to touch her there. 
Love juice was flowing out of her snatch as fast as he could lick it into his
mouth and she came anyway.
	When Karen turned him loose on the sensitive little finger of pink flesh
Kim went wild, jerking and shrieking in a prolonged orgasm that left her weak
and panting for breath.
	They unshackled her then and Karen lay beside her and rubbed her tender
breasts.  Kim revived under the caress of her mother on one side, and then her
father moved beside her to fondle her other tit.  Karen told her to pay
attention to how they were doing her.  Kim had no trouble focusing on her tits
and swollen nipples, relishing their fingers, lips, tongues and even their teeth
as they squeezed, twisted, sucked, licked and bit her beautiful breasts and
womanly aureole and nipples.  The twin stimulation of four hands and two mouth,
coupled with rubbing her unbound thighs together, brought her to another
rippling climax.
	Karen raised up from Kim's well stimulated tit and said, "Well babe its
time for you to show us if you've learned anything.  I'm going to take your
place and you're going to do me just like your father did you."
	
	Kim knelt at the side of the bed watching her mother wiggle to the
middle and pull her long legs up to hold them spread behind her upper arms.  She
rocked expectantly, making her upthrust mound move sensuously.  By this time Kim
had only faint traces of her former inhibitions, but she still felt queasy about
putting her tongue in her mother's ass.  After fondling the upthrust buttocks
and teasing around the opening she screwed up her courage and pressed the tip of
her tongue into the anal opening.
	Kim had a tongue to match the size of her clit and she quickly fucked
her mother's ass to a satisfying orgasm.  All the while Karen begged, "Yeah
baby, give me all of that incredible tongue.  Its better than some cocks I've
had up my ass.  Oh yeah, wiggle it in me."
	Karen concluded that her daughter was a good student, having been
brought to three more good orgasms by Kim's amazing tongue up her cunt, with the
last two emanating from her generous clitoris from the girl's passionate licking
and sucking.
	Lars was eager to take his turn as the lab animal in their little
classroom.  They positioned him spread eagle with a thick pillow under his ass. 
Kim was turned on by the way his crotch was elevated to expose his ass and
genitals for their use.  Karen knelt beside his right hip while Kim was at his
left.  They both looked down at the beautifully displayed cock and balls, then
looked into each other's eyes.  Karen smiled at Kim's eager expression.  She
leaned across Lars' middle and took Kim's face between her hands.  Pulling her
daughter's lips to her own, Karen parted her lips and kissed her little girl
with tongue thrusting passion.  Karen felt her nipples grow rigid when Kim
returned the kiss by nearly choking her with her long tongue.
	Reluctantly breaking their kiss, Karen proceeded to instruct her
daughter in the fine arts of satisfying a man.  She demonstrated giving a hand
job, then checked with Lars when Kim took over to make sure the girl was using
the right amount of pressure on the shaft.  She showed Kim the sensitive glands
beneath the cock head that controlled a man's ejaculation, demonstrating the
best ways to stimulate this area with fingers, lips and tongue.  She taught her
daughter how to recognize and suppress a man's approaching orgasm, much to Lars'
groaning frustration.
	Great care was taken to instruct Kim in the proper handling and
stimulation of the scrotum, including the fine art of taking a testicle into the
mouth and gently, and then not so gently, rolling the sensitive egg around
inside the mouth.
	Lars was ready to beg for release by the time mother began teaching
daughter how to open her throat to take the maximum amount of cock.  After
gagging the first few times, Kim finally succeeded in getting the rubbery head
past the entrance to her throat.  With a triumphant squeal, Kim began burying
more than half the foot long shaft in her mouth, drawing back quickly till her
lips encircled just the head, then rapidly going back down, taking a little more
shaft each time.
	Karen knew Lars was close.  She reached out to take one of her
daughter's tits in her hand and encouraged her, saying, "Daddy's going to shoot
baby.  Show daddy his little girl can drink all his hot cum.  Swallow, baby,
swallow it all."
	Kim didn't really know what to expect, so when the first geyser of hot
cum jetted down her throat she gagged again.  Pulling up till the head was
between her lips, the next load filled her mouth with salty fluid.  Kim was
ready this time.  She swallowed eagerly again and again till her father's cock
stopped jerking and only a slight dribble leaked out the tip of his flagging
tool.  Karen joined her daughter in licking up and down the shaft till it was
glistening clean and lay spent against his stomach.




	Chapter 8


	After a relaxed morning the two families were brought together for a
briefing late in the afternoon.  Dressed casually, they lounged on comfortable
furniture as a good looking man of about thirty walked in and took a chair
facing the six of them, noting that the families had not been interacting when
he came in.
	"My name is Dan," he began.  "The committee decided on this briefing
because of certain aspects of last night's show.  Let's start with the biggest
problem, the girls.  The reason we have a record number of members here for the
next few days is the attraction of offering two pretty young virgins for the
auction block.  Even for these people it is a rare treat to participate in the
sexual initiation of a single young girl, let alone two.
	"Now a hymen is just a piece of skin, not very exciting in itself.  What
makes a virgin exciting to these folks is the innocents they expect of a virgin. 
You, Gina, do not project the image of a reluctant little girl.  And you, Kim,
you started off with promise, but the first time somebody touched you, walla,
instant cum slut.  Don't misunderstand, at some point we expect you to convert
to our ways, but the fun is in breaking you, breaking you hard and slow, not in
thirty seconds.
	"The fantasy here, folks, is that you are two kidnaped families being
forced to do evil things to each other to try and protect your innocent
daughters.  And none of you did much of a job to foster that illusion last
night.  Tonight we expect a more convincing performance, and we have set up the
show to help you all in being more convincing.
	"Remember your roles, for we will be paying close attention and grading
each of you.  It is most definitely in your best interest to convince tonight's
ticket holders that you are performing against your will."
	Gina and Kim were first to go to the showroom.  Each wore a frilly
little girl dress, frilly folded down socks and flat heeled shoes with straps
over the instep.  The whole outfit was pink..  In each case the dress was so
short that the girl's naked genitals were barely concealed.  What really made
each outfit grotesquely sexy was the lace trimmed holes through which each
girl's breasts were squeezed, leaving both sets of impressive tits exposed from
base to nipple.  The costume people had considered trying to strap their tits
down to emphasize the little girl theme, but both were just too well endowed. 
The effect was a little freaky, but very erotic in contrasting their childish
figures and faces with deliciously usable tits.
	Both girls had red ball gags strapped in place on their pig tailed heads
as they were led into the near empty room.  A few service people were setting up
for the crowd and gave little overt attention to the little entourage.  Each
girl had two female guards leading the way.  Most of the bar stools had backs,
but in one place there were two small round stools spaced a few feet apart.  The
girls were led to these and lifted up to perch atop the padded seats facing out. 
The guards leaned each girl back and stretched their arms straight out atop the
bar's edge.  Straps were lashed to their upper arms and wrists, holding them
laid backward.  Their legs were then spread and pulled back to cuffs attached to
the recessed panel under the bar, forcing each girl into a C shape with their
hairless slits spread open and exposed toward the stage, each delightfully
framed by the frilly hem of her little girl dress.
	Kim and Gina looked at each other, both embarrassed by the ridiculous
way they were dressed.  Neither had worn anything so childish in years.  The
first members started to arrive.  Procuring drinks, two couples approached the
bound girls.  At first they just looked, one of the women starting their
inspection by saying, "My what pretty little girls.  Too bad their growing so
fast on top."
	
	The man beside her chuckled and said, "I could always close my eyes
while I fucked these two.  Then again, I could use these tits as handles to help
me get it all the way in."  He emphasized his point by reaching out to grab one
of Kim's thrusting tits in each hand and giving them a hard pull while he thrust
forward with his hips to simulate a fucking motion.  Kim squealed around her gag
and tried to pull away as the four of them laughed.
	The next hour was a humiliating sequence of lewd comments, fondled
breasts, pinched nipples and fingers confirming that the girls were still
virgin.  Both girls squirmed, whined into their gags and turned their heads to
act as virginal as they could manage, remembering the earlier lecture.
	Finally show time arrived.  Few empty seats or couches remained.  Most
of the audience members dressed in either loose casual clothes or easily
discarded toga like garments.
	The lights dimmed, with the exception of two strong spot lights bathing
the girls and drawing the attention of the audience.  A few seconds later spot
lights illuminated entry doors at opposite sides of the room.  Karen stood in
one doorway and Maria in the other, arms at their sides and heads bowed
submissively.  Each wore a glittering robe which nearly touched the floor. 
Karen's was gold and Maria's silver.  Leather cuffs with silver rings attached
were fastened to their wrists, and as Maria began walking toward the girls the
filmy hem of her robe lifted to reveal similar cuffs and rings on her ankles. 
Her feet were bare.
	Karen remained in the doorway as Maria came in front of Gina.  She knelt
on one knee and leaned forward, reverently kissing her daughter's vaginal pussy
lips.   Standing again, she turned and in a voice heard by all in the hushed
room she declared, "I present for your pleasure my virgin daughter, and I swear
that I will not beg you to take her virginity."  With that she walked down the
descending isle and mounted the stage.
	Karen then repeated the ritual with Kim, kissing her genitals and
turning to repeat the same offer and pledge.  When both women stood on the stage
the spotlights returned to the doors, leaving the two mothers in darkness.
	Al stood in his doorway a moment, giving everyone a look at his body. 
He wore only tight black leather pants and motorcycle boots.  The pants had a
round opening at the crotch, through which his cock and balls protruded.  The
opening in the leather had a drawstring which had been cinched tight around the
base of his genitals, forcing them out and up as though presented on a platter. 
As he walked both cock and scrotum were clearly visible from the side as well as
his front, and he relished the way his massive equipment was being displayed for
the members appreciation.
	He approached Kim.  Reaching out and squeezing one of her breasts with
each hand, he looked into her pain filled eyes and loudly proclaimed, "I swear
that before I am finished with your mother she will beg for your virginity to be
taken brutally and without mercy."
	The menace in his voice and the pain in her tits brought real tears to
Kim's eyes and a sob from her throat.  She continued to whimper as he left her
and headed for the stage, his prick noticeably thicker as it lay against his
distended scrotal sack.
	Lars was dressed the same, though his pure white skin and
hairless,translucent pink genitals,  presented quite a different picture for the
crowd.  As he strove to  repeat Al's performance on Gina it was clear to many
that he did so with less enthusiasm.
	
	Once both couples were on stage the curtain dropped and the announcer
came on, "Ladies and gentlemen, we have the rarest of treats for your enjoyment
tonight.  Two, not one, but two virgins will be losing their cherries tonight. 
Ah, but how will it be done, that is the question.  Once again it will be a
contest between our two families.  Mr. Hansen's task will be to make Mrs. Franco
beg to have her daughter despoiled, knowing that if she does, the deflowering
will be unmerciful and savage.  Their spouses have the same understanding for
the Hansen's daughter.  If either mother begs the contest ends and the real fun
begins.
	"To add a little spice to the contest, if either mother can see the
contest to the finish without screaming, then her daughter will be allowed to
choose the manner in which her cherry is taken.  We will even let mother and
daughter confer and collaborate in the matter.  Moans, whimpers and such will be
allowed, but a plea for mercy or loud screams will assure that even the winner's
daughter will be treated harshly.  If neither mother screams or begs for her
daughter's downfall, we will take out our disappointment on the two fathers, for
what kind of a man can't make any woman scream with the proper tools?  If one of
the men fails to at least draw a scream, then he shall also suffer for our
entertainment.
	"The rules are simple.  The men will whip each other's wife, alternating
strokes.  Twenty on the rear, target of choice, twenty on the front, target of
choice, and twenty between the legs, target of choice.  Between each set will be
a repositioning break, during which each man is free to treat his victim as he
wishes with any of the toys provided for five minutes.  The only restriction is
no permanent injury.  If the skin is broken badly enough that in the referee's
judgment permanent scarring will occur, the contest is over and dire
consequences will befall the perpetrator.  The men have their choice of
instruments."
	The curtain raised and light flooded the stage, the whole round floor
rotating slowly.  In the middle of the stage was a partitioning curtain which
shielded each side from being seen from the other.  Standing at ease with backs
against the curtains were two uniformed black guards on either side.  In front
of them half way to the edge of the stage were identical saddles   with straps
and other sinister accessories.
	On one side of the stage Karen stood submissively in front of her saddle
while Maria mirrored her on the other.  Lars stood to Maria's side and Al stood
a few feet from Karen.  The girls were escorted to the stage and forced to kneel
at the edge of the platform facing her own mother.  Below each girl was a wooden
wedge about 6 inches high and covered with bristles like a tooth brush.  Their
wrists were cuffed and bolted behind them to the floor forcing their legs far
apart and planting their bare crotches against the crest of the triangle between
their calves.
	"Disrobe the ladies," the announcer intoned.
	Lars and Al stepped to Maria and Karen.  The women offered no resistance
as the men dropped their robes from their shoulders to gather at their feet,
leaving then breathtakingly naked under bright stage lights.
	The next move was to prepare the mothers for their first twenty lashes. 
This time the guards stepped forward and quickly took the women in hand.  Each
was bound with forearms interlocking behind their back, each wrist to opposite
elbow.  One guard gathered their hair into a pony tail while the other cinched a
cord around it, then pulled the cord down, tying it off around their forearms
and drawing the cord tight to force each woman to look straight up with their
chest thrust forward.  Appreciative whistles and applause came from the audience
at the provocative sight.
	
	The guards next moved each woman in front of her saddle and secured
their ankle cuffs to the floor with legs spread.  Each woman was pulled forward
till their belly rested on the saddle, exposing their gorgeous asses very
attractively a few feet from the eyes of their daughters.  Wide straps were
buckled across the small of their backs, then the cords from their hair to
forearms were repositioned to run from pony tail to the strap across their back,
making sure that they would be forced to keep their head up.  The only way then
available to take pressure off their contorted necks and painfully abused scalps
would be to back up, a move sure to delight the observers by bringing their
asses to the whip.  Each woman was left with enough freedom of movement to
wiggle from side to side and slide forward and back a few inches, while not
being able to stand up, nor to move their feet more than an inch or two.
	"Select you instruments, gentlemen.  Mr. Hansen, you will administer the
odd numbers and Mr. Franco the even.  You will be given 3 minutes to prepare
your victim as you choose before I begin the count."
	Lars went to the rack of bewildering whips, clamps, dildos and other
items in front of his side of the curtain.  He had so little experience wielding
a whip that he decided he'd better avoid the possibility of serious injury by
selecting one that looked to have 6 or so three foot tails, each so thin and
light that he was sure no serious harm would be done.  Once selected, he walked
over and fondled Maria's voluptuous buttocks, then finished the allowed time by
rubbing her bald pussy with his fingers, making her moan softly and pull back
against his hand.
	Al had utilized his three minutes differently.  His first move was to
select and toss before Karen a leather belt about three feet long by three
inches wide.  She looked down at it and shuttered.  Her attention quickly
returned to Al, however, when she saw him select a pair of saw tooth clamps with
chains attached which ended in round lead weights.  He grinned menacingly as he
knelt beside her and reached to grab her right nipple and aureole, pulling and
twisting until the cherry red flesh was hard and protruding.  He held her tit
flesh in one hand, squeezing the bell shaped tip and wrenching the breast toward
him for easier attachment of the clamp, which he installed at the base of the
aureole.  Tightening the serrated jaws until the dark cone bulged between them,
he let go of her breast.  She stifled a cry of pain as her breast bounced down,
elongating well below the other one and swaying back and forth to follow the
movement of the one pound weight at the end of the chain.
	When he had finished adorning her left tit in the same fashion he amused
himself until the announcement came to prepare for whipping by standing above
Karen's head and pushing down sharply on her shoulders.  The initial pain this
caused started with an immediate pulling of her hair, followed by a stretching
of her neck.  A moment later as he let go to allow her torso to rebound upward,
as, the weights clamped on her tits would just be hitting bottom, the result
being that her tits stretched several inches into obscene looking cones before
weights, chains and nipples rebounded upward, then bounced and swayed a few
seconds before coming to rest.
	Karen was biting her lip and thinking, "If this is how he is going to
start, what in god's name have I gotten into.  God I wish he would play with my
cunt to make this bearable."
	For his part Al was thinking, "What a fucking deal I've gotten into.  No
bullshit about safe words.  No need to stimulate her cunt or clit to get her to
turn on to the pain.  My orders are to make her scream and beg, not to help her
get off.  For the first time the whole purpose is to show these people how much
pure pain I can inflict on this stuck up bitch."
	"One," the loud voice intoned.  "Whap," came the sound of Lar's cat
striking Maria's undulating ass cheek.  Several moments passed as Lars returned
the whip to dangle by his side.
	"Two."  "Craaaak," came the vicious sound of hard leather against soft
pliant skin, followed by a muffled cry as Karen choked off the scream that
wanted to emerge from her contorted mouth.
	
	Kim rocked back and forth at the sight of the bright strip of red
appearing across her mother's right ass cheek as Karen's whole body lurched
forward, pulling her head back and setting the weights attached to her nipples
in motion.  Al noted with satisfaction that her tits would stay in painful
motion long after the immediate pain in her ass subsided.
	As the second blow slapped across Maria's ass she was thinking, "Jesus,
fella, at this rate you won't even give me a good cum.  If so much wasn't at
stake I'd beg you to get a real whip and lay it into me."
	For her part, Gina was wondering why Mr. Hansen was going so easy on her
mom.  Not that she was unhappy about it since the idea of getting to choose how
she would lose her cheery was exciting to her.
	By the end of twenty blows Karen's ass was bright red with stinging
welts and she was sweating like a pig and shivering from the effort to keep from
screaming.  On the other side of the stage Maria luxuriated in the warmth coming
from the pink skin of her buttocks, her pussy wet with eagerness for the next
set of whip strokes on her tits.
	Al quickly removed the nipple clamps as the guards moved in to release
Karen.  She grimaced as blood flowed back into her tit tips, making them throb
painfully.  Both women were turned around.  Their saddles were raised a bit as
their hands and arms were pulled up and over the saddle behind them. Attaching
their wrists to a horizontal bar on the other side, a winch then drew their arms
backward until their upper backs were forced up on to the sloping edge of the
saddle.  As their backs arched against the curving leather surface two
magnificent pair of breasts rose to thrust out and up.
	Many in the audience thought they might never again see such an erotic
scene.  Clothes were coming off and movement suggestive of sexual activity began
to occur in several places.
	The repositioning ended with shackling the women's feet to the floor,
spread wide and pulled back under the saddles.  The height of each saddle was
adjusted a last time to stretch each woman taut, their ribs and breasts far
ahead of their arms and lower bodies like ski jumpers in flight.  The spot
lights now drew all attention to their fleshy mounds as the men moved in for
their five freestyle minutes.
	Again, two completely different scenes unfolded.  Lars kept the same
whip and used his time to bring Maria to the brink of orgasm by fondling her
mammoth jugs, licking, sucking and nibbling on each nipple till she moaned with
desire.
	On the other side Al was enjoying the wide eyed look of terror on
Karen's face as he slid round metal clamps around the base of each breast, then
tightened them, going from side to side, until each breast ballooned out
obscenely like two gourds growing from thick stems attached to her rib cage.
	When her tit flesh began to change color and the underlying veins were
clearly visible beneath the painfully stretched skin he stood back and slapped
her right breast with his right hand.  Karen quivered with pain as she watched
her distorted breast bounce against its mate, rebounding like a punching bag to
wobble back and forth before coming to rest.  He slapped her left tit with his
left hand with the same result, remarking to her in a soft voice, "Now that we
have these udders pumped up just right your going to really get a kick out of
what a riding crop will make them do."
	Kim had the same wide eyed look as her mother, but at the same time she
couldn't deny the stirring in her loins as her clit reached down to nuzzle its
tip against the bristled wedge beneath her.  In her arousal a growing voice
within her yearned to be the one being abused for the entertainment of the
people behind her in the showroom.  She remembered the crashing climax of the
previous night and some instinct whispered that more pain, more humiliation,
would give her even better cums.  The one thing she knew was she wanted more of
that mind candy.
	
	The first lash of the cat on Maria's breast started her first gentle
climax, followed in dreamy sequence by several more as the thongs caressed her
swaying tit flesh.
	On the other side Karen was thrashing about in agony, unable to take her
eyes from the sight of her beautiful breasts, their perfect symmetry now
grotesquely stretched and distorted by the metal bands as Al struck blow after
vicious blow against their sides, tops and bottoms.  With each blow of the
leather covered crop the tightly bound gourds would bounce and quiver as angry
red welts marked the spot of contact.  Her teeth chattered and sweat poured down
her body as she fought to keep from screaming.
	When fifteen strokes had passed, Al took careful aim and brought the
next blow directly against her left nipple, striking so hard that her breast
flattened like a sick pumpkin before springing back. A piercing scream filled
the air as she bellowed her agony and defeat.
	The audience roared and began to clap their approval as a thin trickle
of blood oozed from the tip of her nipple.  As Karen's scream subsided she
looked down to see her wounded nipple and her courage fled.  "No, no, please, no
more," she gasped, Let me suck you, fuck me anywhere, let me eat your ass, I'll
do anything."
	"That's not what I want to hear," Al replied icily.  "What I want to
hear is you begging to have your little girl raped and raped brutally."
	Karen sobbed and blubbered, "Oh please, I beg you."
	"Splat," the crop struck her right nipple, bringing another agonizing
howl.  "Hold out bitch, hold out till I can enjoy spreading that tight cunt of
yours and bringing this thing down right on your clit."
	As he waited for the count for his next blow, Karen regained her
defeated senses enough to look into the eyes of her daughter.  While she saw
fear there, she also saw something else.  After a moment her imploring look was
answered by a solemn nod of Kim's head.
	With a sob of gratitude Karen blurted, "Yes, yes, rape her, beat her.
Take my daughter's cherry in any way that will give you pleasure.  I beg you."
	Al sneered and spat, "Cowardly bitch, if it was my call I'd finish with
you anyway."
	Catcalls and boos of disappointment washed over the audience, but the
announcer brought order by saying, "The contest is finished.  We know you are
disappointed by the early ending of the performance.  Trust the committee, Mrs.
Hansen will pay for betraying her daughter and disappointing us with her lack of
fortitude.  Mr. Hansen will likewise need to be shown that we were not
interested in how many times he could get Mrs. Franco to orgasm.  Perhaps if he
gets to scream a little he will understand our instructions.  As for now, we'll
take a break and then get on with the virgins, starting with little Miss Franco. 
Bring the little girl a mike and let's see how she wants to lose her cherry."
	In moments Gina was standing beside a man holding a wireless microphone. 
Looking down shyly she mumbled in a tiny high pitched voice, "I want my daddy to
do it to me."
	"Little darlin," the announcer chuckled, "don't you think his thing is
kind of big for your first time?"
	A voice from the audience shouted amid laughter from all sides, "She
made her choice, let her learn for herself."
	Gina looked around with innocent doe eyes and said, "My daddy will be
nice to me, he would never hurt me."  With that put a pout on her face.  She
knew better than to believe her dad would take it easy on her in front of an
audience, for she was well acquainted with his vanity and sadism, but she knew
she would pay even more dearly at his hands sooner or later if she chose
otherwise. She also figured the choice would be popular with the audience.




	Chapter 9
	
	The Hansen's were bathing and getting ready for their next summons. 
Karen scolded Lars, "The man was an animal.  I was afraid he was going to take
my nipples off with that vicious crop.  And what were you doing to that big set
of tits, were you just admiring them?  All I could hear were moans of pleasure."
	"I've never even seen most of that stuff, honey.  I sure didn't want to
cause permanent damage.  It's obvious the Franco's are a lot more experience at
torture than we are."
	"And whose fault is that oh squeamish one."
	"Karen, I think I've gone along with what you wanted to do with our
friends."
	"But you never support me when I suggest going to another level.  You
always hold back when I want you to go harder on me.  And to this day you've
never let me discipline you."
	"Come on, Karen, you knew when we got married that I was from the old
school, that the man is the boss.  How can you expect me to submit to you, even
if it just a fantasy?"
	Kim walked in with a towel wrapped around her, having heard most of the
exchange.  "Dad, mom, quit fighting please.  If anyone is innocent here it's me. 
Both of you failed to do what you were suppose to do, and the result is they are
going to do who knows what to all three of us, and especially to me."
	Her parents were instantly contrite, unable to meet her gaze as she
continued, "But the fact is, here we are."  And then Kim smiled and relented,
"I, for one, am kind of excited."
	Her mother said, touching her own breasts gingerly, "and I promise I
won't let that man psych me out again.  The pain was awful and I'm not used to
pain without some foreplay to help me get to that place where pain becomes
delicious, but is was fear that made me beg.  I was so psyched out with fear I
just collapsed mentally.  I promise it won't happen again."
	Lars joined in, "It's pointless to place blame.  Like Kim says, here we
are.  The bottom line is I signed the papers with my eyes open.  Sure they
didn't explain how serious they are about torture.  We have only fooled around
with a little bondage and discipline.  But what can we do about it, nothing. 
We'd better all suck it up and do our best.  We're at their total mercy for two
weeks and it doesn't seem they have much of that virtue.  I promise I won't try
to put my own spin on anything they tell me to do again, since that would
probably cause us more grief.  They want to see us innocent and reluctant, but
at the same time absolutely obedient, and we should all pledge to give them what
they want to the best of our ability."
	Karen and Kim nodded their solemn agreement and the family, now resolved
and united, went back to getting ready, uncertain when they would be called.




	Chapter 10
	
	Meanwhile the curtain slowly rose in the showroom.  At center stage Gina
lay on a bed curled on her side in a nightshirt, feigning sleep with a teddy
bear held tight in her arms.  Her mother came into the light bathing the bed,
followed closely by Al, both wearing black silk dressing gowns.  Maria sat on
the edge of the bed and gently shook her daughter's shoulder.
	Gina stirred, then opened her eyes and asked, "What is it mommy, what's
wrong?"
	
	"Nothing is wrong dear.  Your father has decided it is time for you to
become a woman.  Sit up little one."
	Gina sat up asking, "What do you mean, mommy?"
	Maria drew the nightshirt down over Gina's shoulders, baring her to the
waist and replied, "He is going to put his man thing between your legs and push
it inside of you."
	"But mommy, I don't want to."
	"What you want doesn't matter, dear, we must both obey your father."  As
Maria said this she reached out and fondled her daughter's breasts, bringing the
nipples quickly erect.
	"Oh mommy, that makes me feel all tingly inside."
	"Yes sweetheart I know.  Mommy is going to make you feel even better. 
I'm going to put your nipples in my mouth and make them feel real good."
	As she spoke Maria was working the nightshirt under Gina's bottom and
slipping it off down her legs.  She pushed the girl down on her back and bent
down to take the left nipple and aureole in her mouth, swirling her tongue
around the tip.  Al stood watching from the other side of the bed.  His dressing
gown was open and he casually stroked his limp cock.
	Gina began to moan with pleasure, arching up to meet her mother's lips
and swirling tongue.  "Yes mom, that does feel even better."
	Maria's hand went down her little girl's tummy to find her virgin slit. 
She rubbed until her fingers were wet with discharge, then looked up to Al and
said, "Your little girl is ready for you daddy."
	"I don't want her squirming around when it starts to hurt.  Hold her
arms over her head."
	Maria obeyed with seeming reluctance, dropping her dressing gown to the
floor and moving naked to kneel above the girl's head, pulling Gina's hands up
to display her lovely breasts and pinning her arms to the mattress under her
shins.  Al was getting on the bed after shedding his own robe.  He lifted and
spread his daughter's legs, pushing them up and apart till Maria was able to
grasp the girl's ankles and hold the hairless little pussy spread beneath her
husband.
	He was long, thick, and rock hard at the prospect of finally doing what
he had been long lusting after.  Gina secretly trembled with anticipation, just
as eager as her dad to feel his cock deep inside her virgin cunt.  She wanted to
urge him on, but instead she wailed, "No, daddy, no," for the crowd's benefit.
	Gina felt the bulbous head rub up and down between her pussy lips, and
when it was wet all over the end with her slick juices he centered the tip
against the tightly shut entrance of her vagina.
	Gina tried to relax her vaginal muscles but she was just too excited. 
	Al fought conflicting urges, a weak little voice urging gentleness for
her first time.  After all, she was his daughter and he did have some paternal
feelings.  On the other hand was his long nurtured fantasy to rape a virgin
pussy without mercy and experience ultimate sexual power.
	With a lunge which carried all his weight, Al fell upon his helpless
little girl, driving his monster deep into Gina's slender passage.  She
screamed, her vagina on fire and feeling to the girl like it had been torn apart
by a fence post.
	The beast overcame him.  In his fevered brain she became just another
sassy bitch to dominate and break.  Before Gina's scream even began to fade he
withdrew to the entrance and rammed down into her bleeding passage again,
gaining another inch down her clenched tunnel.
	Gina had never screamed this much under the whip, and her screams
continued till his cock head was battering the entrance to her womb and his
balls slapped her ass with each stroke. 
	
	The audience was entranced.  Not a sound could be heard aside from
Gina's howls of pain.   Many of those watching were already harboring
reservations about the Italian's ferocity, and seeing him choose brutality over
gentleness for his own daughter's coming of age caused many to feel that there
should be a severe reckoning with Al Franco before he had a chance to get really
out of hand.
	  The burning agony began to fade as Al jack hammered Gina's virgin
cunt, but it seemed like minutes before she began to believe she was not
mortally wounded.  Her terror was slowly replaced by a growing feeling of
physical arousal centered in the walls of her vagina.
	Al hit bottom, ramming in against Gina's tightly closed cervix again and
again.  As the muscles and tissues of her inner passage slowly began to relax
from their initial automatic defense mode, the friction from his pistoning flesh
pole changed to the delightfully arousing sensations intended by Mother Nature.
	Soon she felt her vaginal muscles spasm and her orgasm came suddenly
upon her.  No longer the climax of a girl, but the full womanly experience of
having the center of her sexuality filled. She was screaming again, but this
time with a sexual release that she wanted to prolong until she couldn't move.
	With Maria's help Al put on a prolonged fuck show, teaching Gina the
feeling of being fucked doggie style, then side saddle so the crown could get a
good look at his blood covered tool running in and out of the girl's cunt.  Gina
wound up straddling her dad's hips and bouncing up and down over him, falling
off exhausted after her eighth climax.
	Maria quickly grabbed the throbbing cock and took it deep in her throat. 
Not deterred by Gina's unexpected abandonment, Al decided he was ready to come. 
After Maria swallowed his copious discharge she labored over his shrinking cock,
licking it clean of Gina's blood.
	The curtain came down to loud applause, notwithstanding the cloud cast
over the early part of the show in the minds of some by Al's unwarranted
brutality.  When the applause diminished the announcement was made, "In keeping
with our promise to the Hansen family and in view of the fact that all three are
to be punished, the committee has decided it will be more appropriate to hold
the next session in the main dungeon.  All those who wish to participate are
welcome, but remember the spectator accommodations are limited, so you may
prefer to view closed circuit from more comfortable locations.  If too many come
downstairs we will order a suitable number of black collars to join us so that
all of you may find satisfactory amusement."




	Chapter 11
	
	Even Karen was dumbstruck as they were led through the door at the
bottom of the stairs.  It was a huge room with block walls, high wooden beam
ceilings and the floor, incongruously, covered with dark gray carpeting.  The
carpet did little to soften the foreboding appearance of the room and what it
contained.  Dozens of video cameras dotted the room, most aimed from various
angles at the many torture devices.  The racks, crosses, whipping posts, riding
horses, saddles and other contraptions, were so numerous and varied in shape
that the mind couldn't take it all in.  It was like a three year old making a
first visit to a giant amusement park.
	
	Karen wore a red teddy, red high heels and matching colored thigh high
stockings, the marks of her earlier abuse still evident through the filmy
material of her neglige. Lars wore a black leather thong and Kim was again
wearing the cheerleader outfit.  Their escort guards led them toward one side of
the chamber and chained them with wrists over their heads and legs pulled apart. 
Lars was in the middle with Karen to his right and Kim on the left.  The
overhead chains cranked upward till all three were stretched taunt and standing
on the balls of their feet.
	Moments later members began streaming into the room, chatting amiably,
some sipping drinks.  Most headed for the bound figures.  After the two dozen of
so men and women assembled around the Hansen's, their comments showing
appreciation for the families attractiveness close up, and eager anticipation
for what was to come.  Their attention was distracted by the arrival of four new
people.  Each of the arrivals wore black hoods, like medieval executioners.  Two
were muscular and very tall men, each naked to the waist and wearing tight black
leather pants and boots.  The other two were women, amazonian in stature and
wearing tight fitting black leather jump suits cut low to show everything above
their nipples, with black stiletto heel boots to mid thigh. 
	They moved without a word exchanged between them, approaching the
chained figures.  Without a moment's hesitation one of the leather clad women
went to Karen and grabbed the bodice of her teddy, stripping her naked with a
single pull.  She moved next to Lars and stripped away his thong, allowing his
cock and balls to spring free and sway beneath his spread thighs.  Kim was next,
her vests torn roughly from her, followed by the pleated skirt.
	Kim felt herself flush.  Somehow it had been less intimidating when the
audience was at a distance, barely visible because of the stage lighting, but
now the men and women were mere feet away and the lust on their faces made Kim
hyperventilate.
	One of the leather clad figures bowed his head to the members.  In ones
and twos the members approached the naked figures.  First hands, then lips,
tongues and teeth molested each helpless naked body.  Lars turned bright red as
both men and women fondled his ass, cock and scrotum, bringing him slowly erect
despite his efforts to remain passive.  His embarrassment was so obvious when a
middle aged man took Lar's prick into his mouth that someone remarked, "He
doesn't seem to like men, does he?  Maybe he needs to undergo a change of
attitude."  Several onlookers laughed and expressed enthusiastic agreement.
	The group around Karen was appreciating her magnificent breasts,
pinching and pulling on her tender mounds with little regard for the discomfort
they were causing.  Other hands explored her snatch and ass, pinching and
pulling the lips of her pussy and bringing her clit to its full erection.  One
of the women touching her genitals said, "I hope we get to see how she likes the
whip down here since she wimped out upstairs."  "Yeah," a companion interjected,
"There's no backing out in the dungeon."
	At Kim's station most of the attention was being paid to her woman sized
tits with their erotically protruding aureole and full nipples, one man
comparing them to a multi stage rocket.  What caused the most excitement,
however, was when a woman called attention to Kim's swelling clit, bringing
crude remarks about little boy pricks and similar comparisons.
	After everyone had a chance to explore all three naked bodies, leaving
each in a state of mild arousal, the hooded figures waved the members back.  One
of the men approached Lars, reached out and cupped his balls in a large hand
weighing the sack gently, then in a deep voice asked, "Are you an obedient
slave?"
	Lars blushed again, but said in a tight voice, "Yes, master."
	"Do you wish to please the assembled masters and mistresses?"
	"Yes master."
	"There are masters present who wish to fuck your ass and to have you
suck their cocks.  Are you eager to please these masters?"
	
	Lars body stiffened and without thinking it through he replied, "No, uh,
no master."
	"That is a very disappointing answer, slave.  We will see if you feel
the same after twenty five strokes."  Turning toward the members he said,
"Please step forward if you wish to enjoy this slave, gentlemen."
	Lars cringed as half a dozen men of different ages, shapes and sizes
stepped forward and began to disrobe a few feet in front of him.  When they
stood in a semicircle with their pricks in various states of arousal, the first
blow struck Lars on the ass.  The hooded woman wielded the short bullwhip with
practiced expertise, bringing a loud cry of surprise as much as of pain from
Lars.
	"One," chanted several voices.  "Crack," the whip struck again, making
Lars grunt and thrust his hips forward, his cock and balls swaying
provocatively.
	By the tenth lash, duly counted by the audience, Lars was on fire and
losing the ability to stifle the screams rising in his throat.  By fifteen he
was crying out with each blow, finally saying, "Alright, I'll do it."
	The whip mistress continued her methodical abuse of his ass as the deep
voiced master said, "You are sadly lacking in the degree of enthusiasm required
of a slave.  If you have not adjusted your attitude by the count of twenty five,
you will receive twenty five more in a more sensitive location."
	"Crack,"  - "Twenty."
	Lars' weight was nearly all on his wrists, his legs no longer able to
support him.  The men in front of him sported various sized erection, and to the
mortification of Lars' dazed mind, his own cock rose stiff and pointing toward
his waiting sex partners.  He groaned in defeat and said, "Please fuck my ass
and let me suck your cocks.  I am sorry for not showing enthusiasm before.  I
want your cocks, please give me a hard fucking in my ass and mouth."
	Lars was appalled by the reaction he was having, unable to keep the pain
and degradation from giving him a hard on of almost painful proportions.  He had
always been revolted by the idea of sexual contact with another man, and yet,
knowing he was helpless to stop them, the idea of other men raping his mouth and
asshole was making the skin of his scrotum tingle.   "What kind of pervert are
they turning me into?" he asked himself silently.
	The hooded masters anchored a saddle in front of Lars' wife and
daughter, then took him down and strapped him on his back with his hips over one
side and his upper back hanging over the other side.  His arms were drawn down
and shackled to the base so his back was arched to leave his head hanging down
at crotch level.  Lars was thanking his yoga teacher by the time they finished
with his legs, leaving him trussed to chains from overhead beams which stretched
his legs up above his hips and spread apart farther than most mens' muscles and
tendons would accommodate.
	A hooded woman strapped a leather collar to the base of his ball sack,
cinching it tight to make his testicles bulge beneath tightly stretched skin.  A
long cord was fastened to a ring on this collar and passed through a pulley
hanging several feet above his hips.  To the dangling end of the cord they
attached a five pound weight.  When the woman released the weight Lars' sack was
pulled straight up and his stiff cock lay against his belly.  Lars' pained
expression was replaced by a groan of pleasure as the hooded amazon grasped his
shaft, raised it and masturbated him slowly for the onlookers' amusement.
	
	Kim and her mother looked at Lars, secretly eager for the depraved show
to begin.  Two of the waiting men were selected by the black hoods.  Both
sported full erections of at least seven inches.  The second amazon beckoned one
of them toward Lars' ass and reached out to spread lubricant around the head and
first few inches of the rapist's shaft.
	She guided his glistening tool to Lars' hairless rectal opening, rubbing
the tip against the tightly crinkled skin.  Giving the man's ass a smack with
her other hand brought a quick lunge of his hips, sinking the first few inches
of his thick cock into Lars' tight anal canal.  Lars jerked at the painful
invasion of his virgin hole, bringing a sudden ache in his testicles as his
movement caused the collar to pull sharply upward.
	Delighted by the tightness of Lars' virgin asshole, the master drew out
to the entrance, then slammed in, sinking deeper into Lars' bowels with each
thrust.  Lars was stunned at how good this was feeling.  Yes it was painful, but
from the first stroke he knew that it was going to prime his nuts for an
explosive cum if the woman would just keep jacking him off for a few more
minutes.
	As he felt himself approaching an epic orgasm a cock was suddenly poised
in front of his inverted face, demanding entry at his mouth.  Lifelong
conditioning took over as he closed his lips tightly and shook his head no. 
Instantly the hand left his prick and a moment later slapped agonizingly against
his suspended scrotal sack.  Lars bellowed in gut wrenching agony, feeling his
wind knocked out in an explosive burst.  The fat cock head plunged into his
gaping mouth, muffling the last of his yell and turning it into a loud gagging
sound.  Hands gripped the sides of his head, holding him fast as the master
brutally fucked down his captive throat.
	There was no art or subtlety on either side, just brute force intended
to break Lars to cock sucking.  "Suck my dick, slave, suck it good.  If you
don't want your balls turned into a punching ball you'll apply some talent to
your job."  The man stopped his jackhammer assault and pulled out of Lars mouth. 
Laying the back of his cock against Lars' mouth he said, "Lick my shaft, show me
how much you like my cock."  Lars had learned his lesson.  Without hesitation he
treated the wet pole like a piece of hard candy, licking and nibbling the length
as the master rotated his hips to move his tool up and down, enjoying the tongue
licking from his ball sack to his cock head.  "Kiss the head," he ordered,
presenting the tip to Lars' mouth.
	Feeling deep humiliation under the eyes of his watching wife and
daughter as he realized he was becoming a willing participant, Lars puckered his
lips and planted a kiss on the bulbous head, following up by darting his tongue
out to run it around the silken knob.  When the master moved his hips forward he
found welcome.  Lars was responding to the hand which had come back to his
shaft, and even more to the erotic heat of the sliding tool in his ass.  He
wanted the cock in his mouth, wanted to explore every bit of its turgid shaft. 
Lars realized that somewhere deep down he relished the idea of making the master
cum in his mouth.
	The cock in his ass suddenly began to piston in and out with a jerky
urgency.  Lars gripped and released it with his rectal muscles, enjoying the way
the vein covered shaft rippled up and down his sensitive passage.  The incessant
pressure against his prostate was driving Lars closer and closer.  The invader
finally erupted, filling his colon with hot semen.  Moments later the cock in
his mouth began to spasm, ropy jets of salty jism filling Lars mouth.  He had no
choice but to swallow again and again, yet sticky rivulets still leaked out the
corners of his grasping mouth.
	
	The hand on Lars' fleshy sword moved to the glands below the head. 
Clamping down sharply, Lars felt his coming orgasm reverse as the woman said,
"Slave, you are not to come without permission, to do so will result in severe
punishment.  You are here to make your masters come, not for your own amusement. 
Is that understood?"  Before Lars could respond she administered another gut
wrenching blow to his bound testicles.  This time Lars stifled a scream.  When
he began to regain his breath he gasped, "Yes, mistress, I understand."
	As the ache in his balls subsided enough for his muscles to unclench,
two more cocks invaded Lars.  This time he was ready and willing, eager to
experience the effects of cooperating with the aroused cocks.  Mindful of the
threat of the mistress, however, he was determined to keep his own arousal below
the threshold.
	Lars struggled to keep from shooting his load through the stimulating
ordeal of two more cocks coming in his ass and two more filling his mouth.
	Wet towels were used to clean his face and oozing butt hole before they
chained him once more between Karen and Kim. 
	The deep voiced master took Lars' still rigid penis in his hand and
announced, "Here is the evidence that this slave loves cock sucking, now we
shall see how he likes watching his wife take twenty five strokes between her
legs."
	Karen gasped "Noooo."
	"Silence slut.   We do not reward betrayal, we discourage it by making
the punishment more severe."  Karen struggled as they took her down and forced
her over the saddle on her back.  Her arms were cuffed behind her back and
beneath the saddle on one side, with her legs forced wide apart and drawn back
under on the other side, arching the supple beauty into an erotic gymnastic
pose. Her ankles were shackled in place to keep her tautly stretched.
	One of the hooded women procured a set of nipple clamps with foot long
chains attached.  Taking Karen's left nipple into her mouth after lifting her
hood, she brought the thimble sized knob to swollen erection.  The mistress
quickly applied the clamp, bringing a cry of pain as the teeth bit into tender
flesh.  When both clamps were in place the mistress tested them by taking a
chain in each hand and pulling up.  "Eoww," Karen whined as her magnificent
breasts stretched into oddly shaped cones of flesh.  Another woman then assisted
by forcing Karen's head forward and holding it till the chains were pulled taunt
and clipped to a ring on the front of her collar.  When the woman let go of her
head Karen found that if she relaxed her neck the nipple clamps bit down and
stretched her tits toward her head.
	The other hooded masters had not been idle during the clamping.  They
produced a metal contraption that looked like a perversion of a car jack.  Its
base was clamped to the floor beneath Karen's thighs.  A foot pedal stuck out a
few inches above the floor.  It activated a pipe that emerged from the base, and
from the top of this rose a curving ten inch dildo.  It tapered from a thick
root to a thinner rounded tip.  One of the masters began pumping the foot pedal
as the other two adjusted Karen's hips to bring the tip of the dildo against her
anal opening.  There was no resisting the assault of the fake cock as it moved
into her back passage, with a clicking sound signaling fractions of an inch
being inserted each time the foot pedal was depressed.
	Karen began to moan as the invader pressed deeper into her bowels, the
ever thickening shaft stretching her sphincter muscles beyond endurance.  When
her anal opening would give no further Karen's ass began to rise with every
click, each fraction of an inch thrusting her already elevated pubic mound
higher above the curve of her arching hips and thighs.
	Karen had never experienced anything so erotic.  Though dreading the
thought of the lash on her exposed pussy, the pain emanating from her asshole
and nipples had already turned the corner into delicious arousal.  "Just one
minute with a cock in my pussy would be heaven," she thought to herself.
	
	Kim was taken down then and her wrists were cuffed behind her back. 
They led her to her mother and instructed her to straddle Karen's face.  Karen
was ordered to service her daughter and prepare her for the loss of her
virginity.  When she had settled her pussy gently on her mother's mouth.  Karen
tenderly explored Kim's baby smooth labia.
	Two of the older women members came to Kim's sides and began fondling
her tits, squeezing the lovely mounds, then pinching and twisting her pink
aureole and nipples just hard enough for the discomfort to add to Kim's arousal.
	One of the hooded men appeared beyond the Karen's widespread thighs,
holding a many tailed whip in his hand.  Karen's body convulsed in agony an
instant after the strands of the whip flailed down on her thrusting mons and
labia, painting the white mounds and pink inner folds with bright red marks. 
Karen's scream was muffled by Kim's pussy.  The abused mother tried to rotate
her head back and forth between her daughter's thighs, only adding to her pain
as the nipple clamps tugged at her resisting tit flesh.  The frenzied movement
added to Kim's arousal and she pressed her sex harder against her mother's
wailing mouth, the force of her weight pushing Karen's head back and further
distorting her captive breasts.
	Just hours ago Kim would have been hysterical with fear and loathing,
now she reacted to the blow against her mother's most tender flesh with a wave
of arousal, making her forget anything but her own desire.  Heedless of the
rules and relishing the sight and sounds of her mother's torture, she said,
"Suck me mom, put your tongue in me."
	With slow and rhythmic motions the hooded giant struck blow after blow,
the force of the whip driving Karen's pelvis down and forcing the colon filling
dildo still deeper into her tortured anal passage.  Mercifully, only a few of
the strokes made contact with Karen's increasingly erect clitoris.  When a
strand of the whip did strike the little shaft Karen's whole body would spasm in
agony.  It was an amazing testament to female sexuality that the swollen nub
kept coming back thicker and longer after each blow, eagerly seeking more abuse.
	Kim climaxed three times during the whipping, and before the last blow
struck it was apparent that Karen was massively aroused as well.  The evidence
was the droplets of cunt juice that splattered outward each time the thongs
split the outer labia and struck the streaming pink inner folds.
	Still blazing with pain and sore beyond imagining, Karen's taut belly
muscles clenched with delight when the whip was replaced by a raging hard on. 
In one forceful stroke a thick cock penetrated her cunt to the hilt, making her
cry out in pain as the man's pelvis slapped against her super sensitive pussy
lips and clitoris.  A bone shattering orgasm swept through her loins before her
rapist began the outward leg of his first stroke.  Karen had already entered a
pain induced altered state of consciousness, and the first blissful insertion of
cock meat sent her crashing into yet another space where ecstacy ruled. 
	Kit was pulled away and another cunt mashed down on her face.  This time
the woman riding her face grabbed the nipple chains and pulled on them to get
more contact between her cunt and Karen's mouth.  The woman delighted in the way
this stretched the abused nipples and pulled the tortured flesh into elongated
cones.  The prick suddenly pulled out of her grasping cunt, shooting load after
load of hot semen on her belly.  Moments later a new assailant slid into her
gaping snatch and began pounding away.
	Karen lost track of cocks and cunts, her entire being focused on the
drawn out explosion of her orgasm.  Primed by pain and ignited by the biological
stimulation of fucking, the resulting detonation lifted her into a new dimension
of sexual release.




	Chapter 12

	Kim listened to the sounds of her mother's ordeal and wished she were
the one riding the saddle.  The hot young girl was ready for anything, even a
brutal deflowering as promised when her parents lost the last contest.  Unknown
to her, however, the mood had changed.  The sentiment against Al Franco's
behavior, the moment to moment state of the members arousal and satisfaction,
the effect of being close to a virgin of such innocent beauty, all combined to
soften the hearts of more than half of the members present.  In hushed tones
they discussed the situation and a new plan emerged.  "What the hell," one said,
"We've got two weeks to torture the lovely young lady if we so desire, why risk
closing the door to our world in the girl's mind by brutalizing the most
important sexual moment in a woman's life."  In the end a compromise was reached
with those of more sadistic bent.
	The spokesman called a break in Karen's fucking and sucking.  The poor
woman was so used up and satiated she hardly noticed, continuing to twitch and
moan as she lay across the saddle.  The man said, "Since we have a quorum
present, a new plan has been decided.  Little slave Kim is going to be given a
chance to make her first fuck a pleasant experience.  It will be entirely within
her power.  She will not be beaten or tortured in any way this evening if she
completes one simple task.  Her father will be strapped down.  We will see to
his erection, and when he is ready his daughter shall take her own innocence on
his cock.  All she need do to avoid the more painful delights we had planned for
her is to plant her shapely little ass on his thighs and her amazing clitoris on
his pubic bone.  In other words, she must bottom out by taking all of his cock." 
There was a murmer of agreement, some happy at giving her a chance for a
reprieve, while the hardcore pain crowd mostly believed she couldn't do it
anyway.
	The group moved to an old fashioned rack, where Lar's quickly found
himself bound on his back with arms and legs spread.  When most of the slack had
been taken up in the shackles on his wrists and ankles, they completed his
preparation by activating a section of the table under his hips.  This foot wide
section rose from the surrounding surface to lift his hips, bowing his body
upward to elevate his pubic area.  A couple of voices were heard to grumble that
this would make it harder for the girl to bottom out, but they left him in this
position.
	Two women mounted the table and went after Lar's cock and balls, four
hands and two mouths having little difficulty arousing a raging hard on in short
order.  Kim watched this preparation, feeling her pussy puckering in
anticipation.
	Kim was boosted by gentle hands up onto the rack.  Her cuffs had been
released and she was now free to determine her own destiny.  Still aroused from
her mother's tongue fucking, her fear was blunted by even stronger desire.  She
stood on the platform and stepped with one foot across her dad's mid section,
facing toward his head and looking lovingly into his familiar eyes.
	With a final shiver of excitement and apprehension, she slowly began to
squat down over his pelvic area.  She reached down and grasped her daddy's
curving prick with both hands, holding it straight up and slowly settling her
spread cunt lips over the head.  She move the head, now wet with her fluids, up
and down between her inner lips until she felt the bulbous knob at the entrance
to her womanhood.
	
	Without her earlier brushes with pain she knew she would have had great
difficulty at that point.  Already having had a taste of the role pain could
play in reaching higher levels of pleasure, she deliberately abandoned caution
by releasing almost all the tension in her leg muscles.  A loud cry of pain and
triumph filled they air and the audience murmured its approval as six solid
inches of her father's pink cock slid into her tight channel, obliterating her
hymen and charging beyond.
	Crying out again and again with pain and joy, Kim moved up and down on
his rigid staff, using the weight of her body to achieve deeper and deeper
penetration.  Overcoming her body's natural defense to pain, she deliberately
let go with her legs on each trip down to achieve the maximum dropping force. 
Luxuriating in the arousing mixture of pain and pleasure, Kim had two wonderful
orgasms on her way to taking him all the way in. 
	As she rose toward the third crest of arousal the turgid head of his
prick hit the end of her vaginal passage.  She looked between her legs, resting
a moment with the cock head lodged at the mouth of her womb.  A good four or
five inches of thick meat separated her crotch from her dad's.  She raised her
head and looked about with a puzzled expression, as if to ask for an
explanation.  Was she too shallow because of her age?
	One of the women who had favored taking it easy on her piped up and
said, "It will hurt like hell, but if you can get it through the mouth of your
cervix you should be able to take it all little girl."
	Kim tried a few short strokes, raising up a few inches and dropping her
tightly constricted cervical entrance against the straining head.  She felt
something inside stretch a little bit more with each plunge, though each contact
brought increasingly painful protest from her sensitive inner tissue.  Trusting
the woman and her own experimental probes, she raised most of the way up and
then willed herself to drop as hard as she could.
	"Iieeeooooooow," she screamed at the burning agony in the tender opening
as it surrendered to the invading cock head.  Once through, her weight carried
her within a couple inches of her dad's pelvis.  It wasn't the depth of her womb
that prevented complete penetration.  She was stopped by the girth of his
massive cock increasing in diameter as it neared the base.  The mouth of her
cunt was just not prepared to stretch enough.
	The impossible stretching of her vaginal opening coupled with the
repeated pain of entry into her uterus to rocket her into the best orgasm yet as
she plunged her dad's cock head in and out of her womb, each time gaining a tiny
bit more stretching of her vaginal walls and taking a little more of the cock
shaft inside.  She looked down to see barely in inch left before she could claim
success.  Her mind whirled with ecstatic fulfillment, another powerful release
vibrating through her pelvis as she gloried in the pain as well as the pleasure. 
She felt gratitude and a connection to all those participating in her sexual
completion, a bond she desperately wanted to keep.  It was as though she could
go on forever, reaching higher and higher waves of gratification if only this
bond could be prolonged.
	And in that moment Kim crossed a threshold into a new life as she
deliberately pulled off her dad's manhood, just an inch from the goal. 
Collapsing on her hands and knees astride her father's chest, she hung her head
and said, "I just can't do it, I can't take any more in me.  I deserve to be
punished severely for my failure."
	More than one woman in the group smiled knowingly.

	End




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Chum


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





