BDSM Library - Hell Island




Hell Island
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A group of schoolgirls and their teachers are abducted and taken to an island, where they are to be sex slaves for any wicked perversion that the owner's customers want.
Hell Island

1. Abduction and murder

St Asolph's was a good school, a girls only academy for young ladies, where
special attention was given to sport . The school teams over the years won many
awards, and this year was no exception. The hockey team, and the gymnastics
team, were particularly good, as well as all being surprisingly attractive to
look at.

Word spreads about this sort of thing.

It was early May when the school bus left the grounds with both teams on board,
plus 4 teachers, to attend a sports meet 200 miles away. They left early, to
avoid traffic and leave time for a break on the journey, but hit problems almost
straight away. A barrier was across the road, and men in police uniforms flagged
them down into a small side turning. As soon as they stopped and opened the
doors, the 3 "policemen" climbed on board, pulling on gas masks, and dropped gas
grenades. After a few moments panic, the girls and their teachers slumped down
unconscious........

24 hours later, they were coming round. The air was cooled by big ceiling fans,
and harsh bright sunlight streamed through the windows from a bright blue sky.
Even as the police in the UK were finding the abandoned bus, and closing the
airports and ports, the girls and their teachers were waking to the first day of
their new life as sex slaves, on an island far far away, which was devoted
purely to the deviant pleasures of rich and powerful men and women.

One by one, they were physically examined. One by one they had their blood
tested, their bodies checked by men and women who seemed to be doctors and
nurses. If they tried to speak, or ask, or protest, all they got was
"Shhhhhhhh". At last the tests were finished. A tall dark man appeared and spoke
to them in a hard quiet voice.

"Welcome to the island. If you behave well and do what you are told, you will
survive. You may even enjoy yourself. If you disobey, you will be punished most
severely." The women and older girls started to move forward, yelling questions,
telling him to let them go. A man stepped out of the shadows and cracked a whip
like Indiana Jones in front of them. "QUIET!!!"

"For the next few days, you may rest. Your needs will all be met for you. Think
of it as a very expensive holiday. You will be rested, relaxed, pampered and
made fully healthy and fit. At all times while you are on the island my medical
staff will ensure that you have whatever medical treatment you need"  They were
all looking at each other, whispering, shuffling. Some of the younger ones were
crying softly.  "You will never go back. Forget your previous existence. You are
now on the island, and you are for the pleasure and gratification of anyone who
can afford my rates" He smiled nastily "You WILL earn your holiday. You are here
as sex toys. There is no escape. For those who try, remember the lesson you are
about to see.

Big doors were thrown open. Behind was a huge room, fitted out like a gym, but
with many strange and painful looking things on the walls. Two men came out and
quickly grabbed one of the teachers, dragging her into the room.

Jane Morris screamed in panic and fear as they grabbed her. She wriggled and
tried to kick but it was hopeless as they dragged her to a large frame. Holding
her hands above her head, she was quickly handcuffed and pulled so her feet were
off the ground. She screamed as she swung. Cameras were set up to record what
happened next, as her shift was ripped away from her body, leaving her naked in
front of her friends and students. Being a gym teacher, she was slim and muscly,
with toned smooth skin. Her breasts were average size, 36c, but even though she
was nearly 30 they were very firm, as was her bottom. Her bush was trimmed
short, to not show under a leotard. In fact all the girls and women were either
trimmed or bare between their legs. Her body was going red from her breasts to
her face as the crying audience were made to come and watch.

The man with the whip raised it, and suddenly let go. They could see the thin
black line snake through the air and see it curl around her ribs right beneath
her breasts. There was a sharp, wet sound and a thin red line appeared on Jane's
skin. Silence. Then an awful tummy wrenching scream as she jerked and kicked and
spun. CRACK. Across her clenched tight bum a thin bloody line. SCREEEEAM...CRACK
Across the top of her breasts. Poor Jane spun the pain redhot cutting through
her. Two helpers stepped forwards and held her ankles, pulling her legs apart.
"O GOD NO PLEASE NO O GOD HELP ME PLEASE"

CRACK... the whip curled between her legs right along her sex with a wet meaty
sound. Her body jerked as she screamed choking in pain. Her bladder gave way and
to her shame she peed right there in front of everybody. The pain was
incredible. She sobbed in shame and pain as she swung. The others watched in
horror, most of them crying. On and on he whipped her stretched naked body.
Blood trickles ran from little cuts on her breasts and stomach, and her sex was
swollen and red.

A large grinning man pulled a trapdoor apart beneath her feet. He was holding a
box like a TV remote, and when he pressed a button a.....thing rose up from the
floor. Shaped like a penis...but a penis from hell. It was over a foot long,
ridged and knobbly, and it flashed as the lights caught tiny sharp spikes in the
sides. It sat on top of a metal tube. Slowly it rose higher and higher. Hands
gripped the screaming teacher's hips, positioning her for the fake penis to rip
into her tight strong body. "O GOD NOOOOOOOPLEEEEEEEEEASENOOOOOOO OWWWWWWWWW"
She was screaming and begging.

The girls and women were nearly silent now, some sobbing quietly...others just
staring in horror as the thing lifted her in the air. She was balanced on the
tip of it for it seemed like hours before her sex gave way and the thing rushed
up into her belly. Her screams were gasping now as the thing pushed higher and
higher. In minutes, it was clear it had reached her cervix. Her mouth was wide
but silent except for squeaks of pain as the thing forced up into her womb.

And so it stayed for a few minutes. Her thigh muscles were twitching as she hung
with the didlo deep inside her.

"NOW"

The man's voice cracked out and a buzzing filled the air as Jane started to
scream again. Her body started to jerk as the dildo twisted and turned and
fucked in and out over and over at huge speed.  A soggy wet punching sound
started as her juice started to flow to try to protect her. Clear goo streaked
with blood ran down her legs. The girls could see her tummy bulge and clench
over and over and realised that the thing was going to punch itself right
through the helpless teacher. The men started whipping her again and she
screamed and pleaded with them. At last she was begging for them to kill her.
Without any warning, the man punched a button, and her scream became a
gurgle....her body twitched and shook, and a bloody thin spike drilled out of
her neck. It had fired right through her womb, through her insides, and out. As
their teacher twitched and died, the man turned to the pale girls.

"We have a thousand ways of punishing you. Remember this, and obey."

Sobbing, one by one, they nodded........and were led away to prepare for their
new life.




2. Playroom 1- Amy and Rebecca

A week later, and the girls and their teachers were mostly around the giant
pool, sun warm on their skin. They all wore bikinis or costumes, and everything
looked normal, except there was no splashing, no laughter, no playing. A
helicopter had landed that morning, and they had wondered what it meant. Two
were about to find out.

Men who they recognised came out to the pool area, with four Arab looking
strangers. Slowly they moved around the pool. After a while they came to two of
the younger girls, Amy and Rebecca. Both 16 and both gymnasts, they were small
and slim, almost flat chested, and very pretty. One of the men smiled, pointed
at them  and muttered to the island men. He and his friends then turned and went
inside.

In half an hour, two men came and picked Amy and Rebecca by the arms, leading
them away into the building. They sobbed in fear and clutched each other as a
lift took them down. They were walked along a corridor and then into a room with
a bed, stools and some strange looking equipment. There were mirrors on the
walls, and cameras on stands dotted around.........and four naked men.

"Come here"

The island men pushed them forward, and hand in hand they walked across the
room. Amy was aware of them looking at her body in its bikini, and Rebecca was
glad that she was more covered by her costume, but as they got closer they both
started to stare at the long poles of flesh standing out from the mens groins.
They looked huge. Bigger even than the drawings on the walls of the loos at
school. Amy started to cry.

Two men took her arms, and started to stroke and touch her all over. In a dream
she felt her bikini top being pushed up, and a bristly face started to kiss her
tender tummy and up to her tiny breasts. "Stop crying girl or I will get very
angry..." She swallowed and shivered and tried to be quiet as the strangers ran
their hands over her and the mouth nibbled and sucked her nipples. A hand slid
under her bottoms and down over her nearly hairless mound...a rough hard finger
poking her and burrowing between her legs.  "MMMM beautiful.....you ever been
fucked little one?"   She shook her head "No sir"  "Sucked a mans cock?"  "No
sir"

"Well now you start"

Amy trembled. Hands pulled her bottoms down and then gripped her tight. She was
turned upside down. Her hair hung down nearly to the floor, and the mans thing
was right in front of her upside down face. "Suck it girl...suck it good" It
smelled strange,  of salt and sweat and soap, and the head was a dark slimy
purple. In the head was a slit with a glittery drip of something in it. She
closed her eyes and opened her mouth as he pressed his cock on her lips, leaving
a slimy goo on her lips. Suddenly, she felt scratches on her thighs and the man
holding her forced his mouth onto her sex, biting her sexlips and sucking them
away from her body. Amys mouth opened wide to scream, and the first man shoved
his cock right into her mouth. The hands held her tight as the men licked and
bit her innocent sex, and fucked her tiny mouth with the huge cock. The men were
groaning. She could feel the cock of the man holding her prod her back, making
sticky patches as her mouth filled with a warm salty taste from his friend's
cock.

Suddenly the man in her mouth pulled it out. He went to a low padded bench, and
lay back holding his thing pointing at the ceiling. The other man walked across,
still licking her sex, then twisted her round the right way up. He held under
her thighs and started to lower her down onto the waiting cock. As Amy was about
to scream, she heard Rebecca. "OWEEEEEENOOOOOOOOOGOOODMUMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEEE"

Rebecca was kneeling bent over a bench her sex exposed. Amy could see one of the
men pulling his cock slowly out of Rebecca's body. It was shiny and bloody and
hard.Her face was red and blotchy as she cried but the man behind her just
pushed hard and the whole thing slid back into her. As Amy stared, she felt a
huge round something pressing on her slit. She tried to wriggle to get it away
from her but it was too late. The pressure built up and suddenly she felt her
whole body open and the mans cock raped straight up her pussy. Coarse hairs
rubbed on her open sex slit as the thing impaled her. She was rigid with pain
and shock as she felt the man's cock streeeeetch her insides to bursting point.
Rebecca was still screaming for her mummy as she was raped nearby, but Amy kept
quiet as hands pulled her up the cock and dropped her down again. The man was
grunting like a pig as he started to push his hips up and down, and she felt the
shape of his cock as it pulled her inside skin around and in and out. It was
getting hot. She felt her insides sort of mushy and warm and they didn't hurt so
badly. Her nipples felt itchy inside and were very hard, and there was something
that happened between her legs every time the hairs scratched her there. She
hardly noticed when the hands stopped gripping her. Her eyes were shut and she
slid up and down on the mans cock faster and faster, like riding a pony but o so
much better. She needed to pee. Or burst. Or something. Suddenly she sat hard
down on it feeling it pressed right up inside her. Her hips jerked very very
fast and she started to scream as a wave of feelings swept through her. She
jerked and cried as all her muscles clenched tight. She hardly noticed the man
jerking and stabbing up into her, or the warm wet feeling spreading in her belly
as he squirted great rivers of sperm into her innocent womb.

The man pulled her down tight, so her body was pressed along him, and she felt
his cock slither out of her. Warm wet trickles oozed out of her sex as he hugged
her and murmured in a foreign language, before pressing his mouth on hers and
pushing his tongue into her mouth, licking and sucking her tongue. She was
breathing heavily through her nose as her heart beat fast and her tummy churned
over and over with aftershocks.

"You I will keep just for me, little one. Noone else will have you for a long
time. Let us see your friend now. Come" He stood up, rolling her off him and
pulling her up by her hand. He half pulled her across to the other bench, where
Rebecca was grunting in pain as the man rammed his cock over and over into her
body. Amy stared at her friend, seeing the pain on her face, and touching
herself between her legs, feeling the thick silky sperm as it trickled out down
her thighs.

The man on Rebecca threw his head back and yelled loudly as he started to jerk.
All his muscles stood out as he jerked over and over, and Amy saw pink froth
starting to drip from her friend's hole. The man with Amy took her little hand
and placed it on his slimy warm cock. It was starting to swell up again and he
told her to stroke it as they watched. The cock in Rebecca was pulled out and a
gush of goo ran out of her. She lay sobbing as the next man stroked his cock a
little and then placed it in her entrance. He pushed. Hard. Amy saw Rebecca's
lips go white as they stretched around the fat cock and it slithered up into her
belly.

 When he pulled it out it was shiny and wet, and he slid it up a little. Strong
brown hands pulled Rebecca's thin strong bottom apart, showing the little pink
star there. His cock looked monstrous placed on it, and Amys hand squeezed her
owner's cock tight, making him groan and swell even more. She was holding her
breath. Everything was silent except for Rebecca's panting sobs, and then the
man pressed down hard. His cock started to bend more and more and Rebecca
started to kick feebly and scream in a long steady note which suddenly went much
much higher. The man's cock suddenly started to straighten as the girl's tiny
asshole was forced apart and inch after fat inch of slimy cock punched up inside
her, pushing her insides straight and filling her gut with pain and heat. As she
screamed, another man shoved his cock into her mouth, stroking it fast and hard.
Her body bucked as her ass was ripped open by the raping cock, and she gagged
painfully as the other shoved hard into her throat. With a groan he started to
squirt his cum straight down into her tummy. Amy could see the white as streaks
of it came out of her friend's nostrils and down her chin. Her throat was
working hard swallowing the slime as she tried not to drown in cum. The man
behind her grabbed her bony hips and pulled her up his cock and groaned as he
started to empty his balls down into her colon, filling her with hot slime and
making her tummy muscles stand out as they clenched around his streaming cock.

Amy's man pushed her down to her knees. She could see her friend's abused sex
pink and bloody and cummy, and her asshole stretched around the pole of cock,
leaking white cream. Her man pushed his cock into her face and rubbed it hard
three times. The slit opened wide and white ropes splattered her face and eyes.
"Swallow it girl eat my seed". She opened her mouth and felt ribbons of it land
in her mouth, slightly salty but smooth and almondy. She swallowed and felt it
puddle in her tummy as her friend shrieked, jerked and fainted. The cock in
front of her pulled out with a squelchy soggy pop, and cum ran out of Rebecca's
ass, which stayed open and red and sore and twitching.

The whirring of cameras in the background stopped. Rebecca was dragged away
through another door, but the man with Amy took her by the hand, and walked her
to his private rooms, to be his own personal fuckdoll. For Rebecca, the
nightmare was just starting....




3. Helena

A week had gone by. Noone saw Amy any more, and the whisper was that she had
been taken away and wouldn't ever come back. After a couple of days, little
Rebecca reappeared, and the other girls saw the marks on her skin, and the
glazed look in her eyes, and the way she couldn't walk or sit properly. Others
of the gym team were missing too, and the older ones could only wonder and worry
about what was being done to them.

It was late at night. Helena was talking quietly with the two girls she was
sharing with. Members of the hockey team, they were all 17 or 18, and very fit.
Helena herself was just 17. She was tall and quite sporty looking, with long
strong legs, a very tight hard bum, and a flat tummy. In the last 2 years, her
breasts had grown rapidly, and she was now 36d. Although they were firm, and she
was proud of that, they did get in the way when she was playing. On the few
times she had been allowed out to mix with boys, they had almost all talked to
her tits, and tried to get a feel of them. She hated boys.

"If they ever take one of us, we should just lie there like we are unconscious
or something" she was saying. We can't stop them.....doing it to us...but we can
bloody make sure that they don't enjoy it" .

 "But what about what they did to Miss Morris. And what about little Becky? If
we don't behave they'll really do terrible horrible things to us". Suzanne, one
of the girls was looking pale and wide-eyed.

"Miss Morris was to scare us and make sure we wouldn't try to escape. Well we
aren't are we? And Rebecca was so small it was bound to hurt. I hate them all
and there is just no way I am ever going to ever do the tiniest thing to make
them enjoy it. We should all make a vow not to help them"

In the security room, the man listened to the bug in their room and smiled. He
got up and walked to a room like a surgery, and started preparing bottles and
things for the morning.

In the morning, Helena was grabbed by the arms as she left their room, and two
men bundled her downstairs. At first she screamed angrily and frightened, and
struggled, but then she stopped and just walked. She was led into what the men
called the play room, and her swimming costume was ripped down her body and down
her legs. She stood as they pulled it over her feet, and led her, naked, to a
large bed, with posts at each corner, and mirrors all around. She waited for
them to tie her down, her nipples dark pink and hard from fear, her skin pale
golden and covered in goosebumps. They held her as the man came in with a
trolley, wheeling it to them. He nodded, and they scooped her up by her legs,
letting her head and shoulders fall on the bed. Hard hands pulled her legs apart
wide, and she saw him put on doctors gloves before picking up two long shiny
tubes. Carefully he smeared a clear jelly on them, and moved to her open legs.
She felt something cold press her vagina and then muffled a shriek as one tube
was pushed into her. It was cold and hard and uncomfortable, but she was
relieved it didn't hurt. She had lost her hymen ages ago, horseriding or
gymnastics had popped it, so it went in smoothly. The men adjusted their grip
and pulled her up a bit more, as she felt the second tube press her anus. She
closed her eyes and shuddered in shame as the second was pushed up her back
passage. Again, it was cold and hard, but uncomfortable, not painful. She felt
the man pushing the things slowly in and out, and rotating them. She felt them
rubbing her inside skin round and round. A dark man opened the door and watched,
before taking off his robe to show a long think penis which curved up towards
his hairy belly, and had a massive purple knob on the end. Tears leaked out of
Helena's eyes as she saw it, but if it didn't hurt any more than the tubes....

The man pulled the tubes out of her and wiped them. "Good" he said. "Now for the
undies"

Still wearing his gloves, he picked up a pair of panties. They seemed to have
green leaves lining them. The man holding her legs brought them together as they
were slid over her feet, and pulled up her legs. They stood her up and pulled
the panties tight onto her crotch. Like all the girls, she had been shaved
smooth there, and they clung tightly. As she stood, she felt a vague itching
inside. A hot feeling. The panties pressed on her and she felt something
stinging her. Sweat started to break out on her skin as the man arranged a
strapless bra, also lined with green, around her, and gently massaged her
breasts into it.

Immediately, the men put her on the bed, and tied her to the corners. The ropes
were long, and there was plenty of room to move.

The man laughed nastily "Helena her has sworn she isn't going to make it nice
for you my dear Sheikh. Somehow, I think that she is wrong"

 The itching in her panties grew to a burning. Her breasts started to itch as
well, and then burn. She writhed on the bed trying to rub the itching. It grew
worse and worse and she started to pant and groan. The guards went to stand at
the side of the room, leaving the man and the Sheikh looking at her. Her insides
were itching more and more now, and her hips were throwing up from the bed over
and over. Her face was going red. It felt like a fire inside her and on her. The
man leaned down "Nettles Helena. Gods natural way of making you cooperate. Your
bra and panties are lined with them. The stuff inside you is an essence
extracted from poisonous plants, concentrated. " She screamed. "It is easily
absorbed into soft tissue like your vagina and anus, my friend here won't get
hurt at all. But you......I'm afraid that you will" He smiled and kissed her
forehead like she was his daughter. "Have fun". He left. The Sheikh drew closer.
Her body was writhing and twisting and jerking. He knelt between her legs on the
bed, stroking his penis, watching her, then reached out and ripped the bra off
her, lifting her off the bed and banging her down. Her breasts were red and
swollen and very hot to touch. He rested his hands on them. She couldn't help
it, and lifted up trying to rub on his hands, trying to stop the itching. He
laughed and moved his hands. Watching her jerking, her nipples swollen and hard,
her skin tight and red. He moved, and tore her panties off, cruelly rubbing the
green leaves between her legs for a minute before throwing the panties aside. He
reached to the trolley and rubbed vaseline on his penis, "just in case you
haven't absorbed all the good doctor's medicine my dear"

Her hips were thrusting up and down as her insides burned. She looked as though
she was having a massive continuous orgasm. His hand pressed her tummy down on
the bed, and he held his cock above her swollen bright red mound. Her lips were
puffed up and swollen, and he had to open with his fingers to find her virgin
hole, and wedge the head of his cock there. As soon as she felt it, her hips
started to move, trying to rub her poisoned slit on it. He grinned and pushed,
and she screeeeeamed as she felt the huge pole of flesh scrape up inside her,
thicker than the tubes, stretching and pushing her insides. It scraped the
inside walls of her pussy, and she lifted and jerked her hips frantically,
trying to rub the itches. He groaned in utter delight as the pure schoolgirl
fucked up at him like a sex crazed nymphomaniac, her pussy clenching and
squeezing and milking his cock in the hottest cunt he had ever entered. He
smiled....and pulled out, leaving her sobbing with frustration and pain.

"I want her doggie"

The guards came quickly and untied her, rolling her over and placing a cushioned
stool under her middle. They retied her hands and stepped back. Desperately she
tried to rub her breasts on the bed, but they had left her too high. She sobbed
and squirmed as the Sheikh watched her legs open and close, and the muscles of
her ass clench and relax. "Aaaaah yes my dear...perrrfect" He saw the red
swelling in perfect pantie shape, and smacked her ass hard twice. Her shriek was
deafening and she bounced up in the air. SMACK SMACK SMACK Her ass shivered and
clenched. "Enough"

She felt the bed move, and his hands pull her cheeks open. And the SCREEEEEEAMED
as the thick cock was forced where no cock is meant to go, up through her
swollen anus and into her guts. The itching in her ass was incredible and she
started to buck and rub and squeeze like a whore on him. He reached round and
slapped and squeezed her aching boobs as they hung, and as she fucked her ass up
and down his cock. It felt like it was splitting her in two but she couldn't
stop. One hand kept slapping her breast and one wriggled round to jab and twist
her clitty, which was swollen and standing out. In horror, Helena realised she
was lubricating. She could feel wet on her thighs as her body tried to wash the
poison out of her pussy, and now the clit pinching was making something happen
inside her. Her ass was splitting and her tummy full of shooting cramps worse
than the worst period ever.....and she was starting to cum.

The Sheik's cock was swelling inside her and he grunted like a  rutting bull as
his cock sliced her inside. She was jerking and screaming as she felt him swell
and then a warm wet spread inside her. She felt squirts and squirts as he came
into her ass, the cum soothing the itching pain just as she exploded into a
mindnumbing cum which nearly crushed his cock right off him. He ripped it out
and saw her ass open and close as his seed ran out. There was clear juice
gleaming on her thighs as her pussy convulsed. Her body gave a huge jerk and she
flopped down, unconscious and exhausted.

The Sheikh tried to bring her round, slapping her pussy and breasts, and finally
using a cane on her ass, which made red lines and a hideous cutting sound, but
her mind had hidden. The Sheikh put his robe on and left happily, as the guards
untied her and dragged her to the medical room.

When she came round, the itches were gone. Her insides felt raped and raw, and
playing on a video screen was a movie of her, looking like she was the biggest
nympho slut ever, fucking madly with the stranger.

"Not going to do a thing huh?" The man's face loomed up, leering at her as she
felt like dying in shame.......




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  HT


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





