BDSM Library - The Little Housewife Gets Hers




The Little Housewife Gets Hers
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Brenda is driving home but her car runs out of gas in a ghetto neighborhood. A huge black man takes the frightened housewife into an alley for some fun and games.
THE LITTLE HOUSEWIFE GETS HERS
BY COYOTE



Brenda knew she had made a mistake taking the shortcut through the deserted,
run-down streets of the ghetto, but her car was running out of gas and if she
was to get home to the suburbs she had to find a station quickly. The thought of
actually running out of gas in the middle of this slum had occurred to her but
it was unthinkable. She knew what might happen to a white woman, alone and
helpless in such an awful place and what made it worse was her absolute terror
of blacks. This terror never became so real as when she heard her car begin to
sputter and die. The worst had happened.

Brenda had just enough presence of mind to let her car coast to the curb and to
turn off the lights, her stomach fluttering with fear and desperation. What was
she to do now? The idea of leaving the car to seek help on foot was much too
frightening. One of those wild teen-age gangs might spot her and if they wanted
to feel her up really good and give her a smootching there would be nothing she
could do about it. They might even want to pull down her panties and have some
fun. The thought was far too terrible. Nor could she just stay in her car and
wait for daylight. It was only 10:00 and it would be at least eight hours till
morning. She placed her face in her hands and began to cry.

Her head shot up when there was a tapping on her window and, terrified, she
turned to see a large black man peering in. He appeared to be in his forties and
the first thought that came to Brenda was 'thank god it wasn't any terrible
teen-agers'. With her heart in her throat, she cracked the window slightly.

"Whut seems to be the trouble li'l lady?", he said, "Y'all broke down or run
outa gas or sumpfin'?"

"I...I seem to be...be out of gas...", she stammered nervously, "Is...Is there a
gas station nearby..?"

"A gas station?", he said, "Hell no. Ain't no gas station for twenty blocks.
Looks like y'all done got yourself a problem."

"Oh...Oh my god...", Brenda sobbed, "Is...Is there anyplace I can call? I...I
don't know what to do..."

"Well. Unless y'all got a phone in yore car y'all ain't gonna be doin' no
callin'. Ah guess yore good an' stuck."

"But...But there must be someplace...Someone...I can't just stay here..."

"Thass right, li'l lady. Y'all sure can't", he said, "In 'bout an hour or so
them teen-agers is gonna be out on the streets an' if they see a purty li'l lady
like you all alone they's gonna rob you an' take your clothes off for some fun.
Y'all sure do got a problem."

"Oh...Please...Please...Can't you help me...", Brenda sobbed in desperation, " I
can give you money..."

"Money? Now whut y'all insultin' me for", he said angrily, "Y'all think ah'm
just one a them niggers that'll do anythin' for money? Hell. Ah hate you rich
folk comin' on down here an' showin' yore money aroun' thinkin' yore better than
us."

"Oh No...Please...I...I didn't mean that...", Brenda yipped, "I...I just need
help. I...I don't think I'm better than anyone...Please don't get me
wrong...I...I like negroes...I really do..."

"Hell. Nuthin' gets me angrier than snooty white folks, he glared, "Makes me
want ta break some bones an' kick in some teeth."

"Oh Please...Please...", Brenda blubbered in terror. "I...I don't want you to be
angry...Please don't be angry...I'm not snooty...I'm really not...Please..."

"Well. Mebbe I can help you out, seein' as how yore alone an' all", he said,
easing up, "Ah got a phone up at mah place just down the alley aways. Y'all come
on with me an' ah'll let y'all use it."

Warning signals went off in Brenda's terrified mind. Was she actually supposed
to go into a dark alley with this big black man? She couldn't do that. She
really couldn't. He seemed alright but she was terrified of him.

"Uh...Would it be alright if you phoned for me...", she stammered, not wanting
to insult him, "I'll...I'll wait here..."

"Now there y'all go again", he said, "Whut y'all afraid of, lady? Y'all afraid
the big, bad nigger is gonna grab yore ass an' give it a squeeze? Jest whut ah
thought. A snooty white bitch. Well, y'all can stay here an' wait for them
teen-agers. Ah don't care. S'all the same ta me.  But when them kids got yore
panties off an' they're takin' turns, y'all sure is gonna be sorry."

"Oh No...Please wait...Please...", Brenda yipped panic stricken, "I...I'll
go...Please don't leave me alone...Please..."

Brenda knew she had no choice. As terrified of the big black man as she was, she
was even more terrified any teen-age gang that might find her and, opening the
car door, she fearfully stepped into the street.

It was only then, when she was standing next to the man, that she realized just
how big he was. He was absolutely huge. About six foot five, which dwarfed her
five foot three, and about two hundred and fifty pounds of muscle. Brenda felt
her knees go weak at the thought of what a man that size could do if he was
angry, and made up her mind to do nothing that would anger him. Why, he could
break her neck with one hand and they would find her body in the dirty alley the
next day.

Trembling with fear, Brenda followed the big man into the alley, praying that he
was sincere and was just taking her to use the phone.

The alley was long, dark and deserted making Brenda increasingly fearful.

"Are...Are we almost there?, she asked in a squeaking voice.

"Whut's the matter, li'l lady?", he stopped and turned to her, "Y'all don't
trust me? Y'all don't trust the big nigger man. Ah thought y'all liked negroes."

"Oh...Oh I do...I really do...", Brenda blubbered in terror, "It's ...It's just
that I don't know where...where we're going..."

"Hell, li'l lady', he glared at her, "Ah think yore lyin' ta me. Ah think y'all
hates us niggers like all you white folks."

"Oh No...No I don't...I...I really don't...", she blurted in panic, "It's...It's
just that I...I..."

"Well then", he smiled, "How's 'bout showin' me how much you likes us niggers."

"Show...Show you...I...I don't know what you mean...", Brenda blubbered,
beginning to sob again.

"Ah wants y'all ta prove how much y'all likes us niggers", he grinned, "How's
'bout a nice, big, juicy kiss to show me yore tellin' the truth."

Brenda's knees went weak and it was all she could do to keep standing.

"Come on now, honey-bunch", he said, "Come to Daddy an' pucker on up there.
Let's have a nice wet kissie-wissie."

"But I...I can't do that...Please...", Brenda sobbed, "I...I'm a married
woman...Please..." "Hell, lady. Yore hubby ain't gonna mind it none if his li'l
wifey made some smootchie. But he's sure gonna mind it if they find y'all here
all busted up tomorrow. Now y'all don't wanna make me angry, do ya?"

"Oh Please...I...I don't want you to be angry...Please don't be angry...It's
just that I...I..."

Brenda gave a squeal as the big man grabbed her and pulled her up against him
tightly.

"Well, y'all sure is one snooty li'l bitch, ain't ya?" he smirked "Ah don't
think ah gotta tell ya what ah do ta snooty li'l bitches, do I? Now I want y'all
ta be a good li'l housewifey an' show me how nice an' friendly y'all can be."

Nearly fainting with terror and absolutely helpless in the huge man's muscular
arms, Brenda gave a squeal as the big man pressed his wet, meaty lips to hers
and kissed her deeply.

"Mmmmm...That sure was yummy", he grinned, "Now how's about one with some
tongue, eh honey?"

"Oh Please...", Brenda managed to whimper, "I...I don't want you to be
angry...Please don't be angry...But I...I...Oh don't be angry...Please..."

Now, li'l lady", he said, "Ah wants ta see how much y'all likes us niggers. Ah
wants y'all ta say 'Please, big man, Put yore hot tongue in mah juicy li'l mouth
an' give it ta me good'. Go on. Say it.

"Oh Please...Please...", Brenda stammered.

"Go on. Say it", the big man cut her off.

"P...Please big man. Put...Put your hot tongue in my...my juicy little mouth
and...and give it to me good..."

Brenda squealed again as the huge man thrust his tongue into her mouth and
licked around obscenely.

"Mmmm...Sweet as sugar", he grinned, "You li'l white gals sure do taste good. Ah
bet y'all taste good all over, don't ya? Ah'd jest love ta get mah tongue in
yore panties an' find out."

The big man held her easily, as if she were no more than a rag doll and as he
kissed her he lowered a hand to hike up her skirt.

"Oh No...what...what are you doing...", she squeaked, too terrified to resist,
"Please don't do that...Please..."

"Now y'all jest relax, li'l lady", he grinned as he brought Brenda's skirt
upwards and stroked her bare thighs, "Ah'm jest gonna put mah hand up yore
skirtie an' have me a li'l feelie up there. Ah jest wanna play with yore panties
an' give 'em a tickle. Ah bet y'all got nice ritzy li'l undie-pants under that
skirtie, don't ya?"

With tears of terror running down her cheeks, Brenda was too fearful of the big
man to stop him and gave a squeak when he snuck his big hand up between her
thighs to cup and feel the nylon crotchband of her panties.

"Oooweee. What we got here? Dat feels like a poosie", he chuckled as he played
between Brenda's trembling thighs, "Yessiree. It sure does. Nuthin' ah like
better than feelin' a white gal's panties. Ooohhh. That sure is a nice li'l
poosie y'all got there lady. Damn. Y'all got a nice, plump, juicy one, don't ya.
Mebbe if ah tickle it some ah can get y'all ta make creamie in yore panties for
me. Come on now. Gimme a nice big kissie-wissie while ah play with yore undies."

"Oh No...Please Nooooo...Don't...", the little housewife squeaked as the man's
big hand reached around to fondle her nicely plump, panty covered ass. "Don't
feel me up...Please don't feel me up..."

"Now that don't sound none too friendly ta me, honey-bunch", he chuckled, "Yore
supposed ta be showin' me how much y'all like us niggers. Y'all don't wanna get
me angry, do ya?'

"Oh No...I don't want you to be angry...I...I really don't...", Brenda squealed
in terror, "You...You can feel...Just don't be angry...Please don't be angry..."

"Now thass whut ah wanna hear, li'l lady", he grinned, "Ah wanna hear how much
y'all like whut ah'm doin'. Come on. Let's hear it."

"I...I like it...", the terrified little housewife squeaked, "I...I like it very
much...Oh please don't be angry...Please..."

"Not good enough, honey-bunch", he glared threateningly, "Say 'ah'm a plump ass
li'l housewifey an' ah need mah undie-pants tickled. Go on."

"I...I'm a plump ass little housewifey and I...I need my undie-pants tickled..."

"Now tell me y'all got nice sweet panties up under that tight li'l skirtie y'all
are wearin' an' a great li'l poosie in there too."

"I...I have nice...nice sweet panties up...up under my tight little skirtie
and... and a great little pussy in there too..." "Yeah. Thass whut ah wanna hear
you hot li'l piece a suburban housewife poosie", he snarled dangerously, "Now
say 'ah'm a naughty li'l housewifey an' ah'm gonna learn my lesson.' Say
'Ollie's gonna pull down mah panties an' play with me really good."

"Oh Noooo...Please Nooooo..."

"Say it, lady. Say it or else."

"I...I'm a naughty little housewifey and...and I'm going to learn my lesson..."

"Go on. Say the rest of it."

"Ollie is going to...to pull down my panties and...and play with me really
good..."

"Yeah", he smirked, "Now whut say we get these panties on down there an' have
some fun with poosie."

Brenda could only sob helplessly as her skirt was nicely lifted up around her
waist, fully exposing her lace trimmed, white nylon panties.

"Oh Yeah. Lookie them undie-pants. Ain't they nice?", the big man grinned, "Bet
y'all didn't think ya was gonna get yore panties tickled when y'all drove on in
here, did ya li'l lady? Bet y'all didn't think ya was gonna be in an alley
getting' yore panties pulled down by a big, bad nigger man, did ya?"

Tears of fright ran down the little housewife's cheeks as the huge man fingered
the elastic waistband of her panties.

"Oh Yeah, li'l lady. These panties are comin' right down", he snorted in her
ear, "Ah'm gonna strip down yore panties an' have me a look at the nice
housewifey poosie. Then ah'm gonna tickle yore poosie an' play with it really
good. Y'all don't mind if ah have me a little fun with poosie, do ya li'l lady?"

Absolutely terrified and in fear for her life, Brenda knew it would do her no
good to resist. She was going to get a good feel. Her panties were going to be
pulled down and her pussy was going to be tickled and played with whether she
liked it or not. There was nothing she could do to stop it from happening. She
could only try to be as cooperative as possible so this beast of a man would not
get angry and really hurt her badly.

"Mmmmm. Ain't this fun, honey-bunch?", he breathed excitedly, "Are y'all havin'
a good time?"

"Y...Yes..."

"Yes what?"

"Y...Yes... this is lots of...of fun...I...I'm having a very good time..."

"Now tell me whut ah'm gonna do."

"You're...You're going to...to pull down my panties and...and tickle my
pussy..."

"Yeah", he leered, "It's time for fun with poosie. Ain't it?"

"Y...Yes..."

"I don't hear you li'l lady"

"It's...It's time for fun with pussy..."

"Oooohhh. Yeah. Ah jest love hearin' you say all this stuff", he chuckled, "Now
let's get these panties on down an' see whut we have here."

Brenda could not supress a tiny squeak as her lace trimmed panties were lowered 
around her trembling thighs exposing her nicely plump, sparsely fleeced and very
naked little pussy for the man's viewing and tickling pleasure.

"Well, Well. Would ya lookie that. It's a nice, li'l, suburban housewifey
woo-woo", he grinned, reaching his big hand down to run a finger up between
poor, helpless Brenda's pouting cunny lips, "That sure is a cute li'l poosie ya
got there lady. And Oooohhh. It's nice an' wet too. Y'all got a plumpie-sweet
li'l cuntie in between yore leggies for Ollie ta play with. Don't ya?

"Y...Yes..."

"Say it."

"I...I have a ...a plumpie-sweet little cuntie in between my...my leggies for
Ollie to play with..."

"Oh Yeah. Ah sure do love gettin a white gal's panties down for a little fun",
he smirked, "Ah wonder whut yore hubby would think if he knew his li'l wifey was
back in an alley with her skirtie up an' her panties down lettin' a big ol'
nigger play with poosie. Bet yore hubby don't know how much his wifey-pie likes
us niggers, does he?"

"N...No..."

"But y'all likes us niggers a lot, don't ya? Y'all likes ta let big black men
pull down yore panties an' play with poosie, don't ya?

"Y...Yes...Yes I do...", Brenda squeaked in terror as the man's finger tickled
it's way up her helpless cunny, "Oooohhh...Oh...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh..."

"Whut's the matter, li'l lady? Is poosie getting hot? Is li'l poosie getting
juicy-wet for Ollie?"

"Oh...Oh Yes...Oooohhh...Yes...Oooohhh..."

"Go on. Say it. Let's hear it."

Humiliated beyond belief, Brenda did not want to say the dirty words but knew
she had to or the huge man might get angry and hurt her badly. That thought was
far more terrible than anything he could make her say or do.

"My...My pussy is...is getting hot...", she sobbed, "My...My little pussy is
getting juicy-wet for...for Ollie..."

"Yeah. Thass whut ah thought", he smirked, "Nuthin' like a big, hot finger up a
li'l  housewifey's cunt ta get her moovin' an' groovin' right aroun' there"

To her disgrace, the poor little housewife began to squeal and moan from the
effects of the big man's finger up in her rapidly heating little pussy hole. The
thought that she might actually cream on the man's finger was the most
humiliating of all but, if he kept wiggling it around up in her wet cunny the
way he was doing, there was nothing she could do to prevent it from happening.
Her poor, helpless cunny was already wet enough so that lovely squishing sounds
could be heard as he fucked his finger in and out of her.

"Oh Yeah. This li'l cuntie fingers up really nice. Everythin' sure is gettin wet
an' juicy up there, ain't it lady?", he chuckled, "Damn. You sure is a hot li'l
piece a nookie once a guy gets yore skirtie on up there, ain't ya?"

"Y...Yes...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh...Oh...Oooohhh..."

"Come on. Say it for me."

"Oooohhh...I...I'm a hot little piece of nookie when...when a guy gets my...my
skirtie up...Oooohhh...Oh...Oh...Oh..."

"Now say, 'My cunt is plump an' juicy an' my girlie ass is hot an' wiggly'. Go
on. Say it."

"My...My cunt is plump and juicy and...and my girlie ass is hot and wiggly...Oh
my god...Oh my god...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh..."

"Damn, li'l lady. Y'all are getting nice an' hot in between the leggies, ain't
ya?", he grinned, "If ah didn't know better ah'd think y'all are gonna cream on
mah finger. Well, if y'all are gonna make a creamie, y'all better do it nice for
me. When ah say 'Juice it up' ah want ya ta start makin' creamie for me like a
good li'l housewifey bitch. An' it better be a nice wet one, or else."

"Oh...Oh Yes...Oh Yes...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh...Don't be angry...I...I'll do it for
you really nice...Oh...Oh...Don't be angry...Please...Oooohhh..."

"Come on now, bitch", he snarled, "Get that poosie workin' aroun' mah finger an'
juice it up for me before ah shove the other one up yore wiggly ass ta help you
out. Come on. Ah want creamie an' ah want it now."

"Oh...Oh My God...Oh My God...", poor Brenda squealed as she suddenly orgasmed,
her defenseless, finger-filled pussy, brimming over with hot girlie juice and
creaming all over the big man's finger, "Eeeeeee...Eeeeeeee...Oh...Oh My
God...Eeeeeee...Weeeeeee..."

"Oh Yeah...Oh Yeah...Thass it li'l lady...Cream mah finger... Do it nice for
me...", the big man chuckled, "Show me whut that hot li'l poosie can do. Show
Ollie whut a juicy li'l housewifey cunt y'all got between them girlie legs. Oh
Yeah."

Poor Brenda squealed and wriggled in the man's powerful grip. The puss-honey
flowed out of her defenseless little slit, soaking his finger and wetting the
insides of her quivering thighs until her knees weakened and she sagged with her
back against him, held up firmly by the huge, muscular arm around her waist.

"Why, li'l lady. You done creamed up mah finger. Didn't you?", he chuckled
lewdly, raising his hand and holding his dripping finger under her nose, "Y'all
sure is one hot poosie li'l housewifey bitch, ain't you? Come on now. Suck mah
juicy finger an' tell me how sweet yore cunny cream is."

"Oh...Oh Please...Please don't...Please...", Brenda whimpered .

"Come on now", he sneered, "Open up that mouthie an' make suck-suck or you is
gonna wish you had.

With a mewl of despair, the captured little housewife opened her mouth and
closed it around the big, dripping finger and sucked.

"There now. Ain't that nice?", he grinned, "Don't yore cunny juice taste good?
Don't it?'

"Y...Yes..."

"Go on. Tell me." "My...My cunny juice tastes good..."

"Tell me yore cunny juice is sweet an' delicious an' you love suckin' it off mah
finger."

"My...My cunny juice is sweet and delicious and I...I love to suck it off your
finger."

Now say ah'm a snooty li'l housewifey bitch an' ah need a nice big finger up mah
cunt ta make me cream an' teach me who's boss'. Go on. Say it."

"I...I'm a snooty little housewifey bitch and...and I need a nice...a nice big
finger up my cunt to...to teach me who's boss..."

"Now whut are we gonna do with this juicy li'l poosie we got here, "he
snickered, "Should we lick it up nice-nice or give it a fuck?

"Oh...Oh Please...Please don't fuck me...Please...", Brenda sobbed in
desperation and terror, "I...I did what you wanted...I...I let you pull down my
panties and play with me...Please don't fuck me...Please..."

"Now wha don't y'all git undressed an' give me a nice li'l nakey show", he
smirked lewdly, "Git yore clothes an' yore undies off so's ah can play with you
real good. Oh Yeah. Ah wants to see you nakey. Go on. Git 'em off."

"Oh Please...Don't make me take my clothes off...", the poor, frightened
housewife whimpered.

"Damn, bitch. Y'all don't seem ta learn, do ya?, he glared, reaching into his
pocket and coming out with a set of spiked brass knuckles. "Mebbe ah jest have
ta work y'all over a bit. Mebbe if ah break some bones an' bust out some teeth
y'all will do whut yore told."

Brenda took one look at the evil brass knuckles and experienced the greatest
terror she had ever known.

"Oh No...Nooooo...", she wailed, her hands flying up to unbutton her blouse,
"No... Don't...Please Don't...Oh God Don't...I...I'll do what I'm
told...Look...I...I'm doing it...I...I'm taking them off for you...Please
Don't...Please..."

"Ah don't know, lady", he glowered as Brenda quickly popped the buttons and
opened her blouse to reveal her tittie-filled bra, "Ah kinda think y'all need a
good beatin' so's you'll be a nice juicy li'l fuck. Don't you?"

"Oh No...Please No...", she squeaked in terror. "Don't beat me...Please don't
beat me...I...I'll be a nice juicy little fuck...I...I really will...I'll get
nice and nakey so you can play...Oooohhh...Don't beat me...Please..."

"O.K. then", he sneered, "Y'all strip right on down there like a good li'l
poosie an' mebbe ah won't bust you up none. Go on. Take off that bra an' let's
see some nice tittie."

Brenda fearfully reached back, un-hooked her bra and took it off, releasing her
jiggling, pink nippled titties for the big man's viewing and squeezing pleasure.

'Oh Yeah. Lookie them big, juicy tits. Thass quite a pair of honeys ya got there
lady. Bet if ah tweaked them big nippies a few times you'd be squirtin' milk all
over the place. Wouldn't ya? Now the skirtie. Git it off. An' the panties too.
Let's get a good look at poosie-woosie."

Brenda sobbed nicely as she reached to unzip her skirt.

"Come on, bitch. Get 'em off", the big man barked, "You takin' too long. I wants
ta play with you nakey an' yore pissin' me off."

"Oh...Oh God No...Don't get angry...", she yipped with fright, undoing her skirt
zipper, letting it fall and slipping her fingers in the elastic waistband of her
lace trimmed panties, "Look...I...I'm taking my panties off...I...I'm getting
nice and nakey so you can play...Look...I'm pulling down my panties for
you...Isn't that nice...Oh please don't get angry...Please..."

"Yeah. Thass it lady", he grinned, "Git yore undie-pants off. Show me that hot
li'l poosie. Let's see that juicy li'l cunt. Oh Yeah. Lookit that nice li'l
cunny. That sure looks ticklie-sweet an' lickie-delicious."

Tears of terror and humiliation ran down the little housewife's cheeks as she
stood completely naked before the grinning rapist and sobbed.

"Now, seein' as how ah done fingered y'all up the cunt, ah wants ta play with
that nice plump ass an' have a li'l fun with it", he said, "Go on, lady. Turn
aroun' an' bend over like a good li'l housewifey bitch. I wants ta give y'all a
spankie-wankie jest for fun."

The poor little housewife obediently did as she was told, bending over and
thrusting out her naked, jiggling ass for the rapist's enjoyment.

"P...Please...Don't...Don't spank me too hard...", she sobbed fearfully, "You
can give me a spanking but...Please don't...Don't hurt me too much...Please..."

"Now whut's a spanking unless it hurts a little, eh lady?", he chuckled,
reaching to take a nicely plump bottom cheek in each hand and give them a lewd
squeeze, "But if you ask me real nice, mebbe ah'll jest give y'all a good tickle
up the ass instead."

"Oh...Oh Yes...Please do that instead...Please...", Brenda yipped with relief,
"Please give me a good tickle instead...Please..."

"Now ah wants y'all ta ask me nice, li'l lady", he said, "If y'all wants me ta
tickle you up yore plumpie-sweet assie, y'all gots ta wiggle it for me an' tell
me how nice it is up there an' ask me like a good li'l puddin'. Go on now. Let's
hear it or ah'm gonna start spankin'."

"Oh...Oh please tickle me up...up my plumpie-sweet assie", Brenda squeaked as
she wiggled her naked bottom cheeks for the big man, "It...It's very nice up
there. It really is..."

"Is it nice an' hot an' juicy?", he grinned, "Do you need a tickle up the assie
ta make you squeal. Do ya?"

"Oh Yes", Brenda sobbed with humiliated desperation, "It...It's nice and hot and
juicy up my...my plumpie-sweet assie. I...I need a tickle up my...my assie to
make me squeal. Please...Please tickle me up my assie and...and I...I'll squeal
for you. I promise. I...I'll squeal for you really nice..."

Brenda gave a squeak as the man slipped a big finger up between her quivering
ass cheeks and began to play.

"Oooohhh. An' what have we here, li'l lady?", he smirked, "Is that yore nice,
tight li'l assie hole?"

"Y...Yes..."

"Yes what, bitch."

"That's my...my nice, tight little assie hole..."

"An' whut am I doin', honey-bitch?"

"You're...You're tickling my...my nice, tight little assie
hole...Oooohhh...You're tick...tickling it...Oooohhh..."

"Now ah wants y'all ta say 'Kootchie-Kootchie-Coo' an' tell me how much y'all
like it when ah tickle you up the ass. An' it better be good. Ah better like
whut y'all say or it's gonna be spankie time. Go On.

Knowing she had no choice but to do and say whatever perverted things the big
man wanted, Brenda tearfully complied, hoping that if she proved to be very
entertaining she might get out of this nightmare alive.

"Oooohhh...Kootchie-Kootchie-Koo...Oooohhh...", she squealed, "I...I like it
when you tickle me up...up my assie. I...I like it when you play with my...my
nice, tight little assie hole and have fun with it...Oooohhh...Please...Please
tickle me up my assie some more...Oooohhh...I...I like it...I really
do...Oooohhh...Kootchie-Kootchie-Koo...Oooohhh..."

"Yeah. That's it, bitch", he chuckled, "Tell me more. Does it make yore li'l
assie hole feel good when I play with it? Is it getting yore li'l assie hole
nice an' hot? Does it make ya want ta wiggle an' squeal?"

"Oh Yes. It makes my little assie hole feel really good when you tickle it
and...and play with it", Brenda squeaked, "Oooohhh...You're...You're getting my
little assie hole nice and hot...Oooohhh...my...my little assie hole is getting
really hot... Oooohhh...Please tickle my...my little assie hole really
good...Oooohhh...Please tickle it...Please tickle it...Oooohhh..."

"Oh My. This sure does act like a hot li'l assie hole that could use some
attention", he grinned, "Ah'd sure like ta put mah finger up there an' see how
tight it really is. Oh Yeah. That'd be real fun."

"Oh Please...You're not going to...to...Oh Please...", poor Brenda squeaked,
"It's too tight...Don't put your finger up...Please don't put your finger up..."

"Ahhh. Come on now, honey-bitch", he smirked, "Ah'm jest gonna put mah finger up
there jest a little. Ah wants ta see how yore li'l assie hole squeezes mah
finger."

"Oh Please...Don't put it all the way up...", she sobbed helplessly, knowing
that if the big man wanted to put his finger up her ass she was going to get his
finger up her ass, "Just put it up a little and...and I...I'll squeeze it nice
for you...I...I really will.  Please don't put it all the way up...It's too
tight...Please..."

Putting his finger in his mouth to wet it, the big man reached down and slipped
it up her defenseless little bottom hole to the first knuckle.

"Eeeeeeeee...Eeeeeeeeee...Oh...Oh No...Oooooweeeee...", she cried as the big
finger worked it's way directly up her virgin ass hole and twisted, "Oh...Oh My
God...Oh My God...Oooohhh...No...Not all the way up... Please not all the way
up...Oooohhh...Nooooo...Owwooooooo..."

"Come on now, bitch. Squeeze it for me", he snarled, "Squeeze it nice for me or
ah'm gonna shove it up there good an' hard."

"Oooohhh No...Please don't shove it up any more...", Brenda sobbed, obediently
clenching her wiggling, helpless ass around the big, nasty finger, "I...I'm
squeezing it for you like you want...Oooohhh...Look...Look how nice I'm doing
it... Oooohhh... Don't put any more up there...Oooohhh...I...I'm begging...I'm
begging...Oooohhh..."

"Mmmmm. You sure does got one tight li'l assie hole, don't ya, lady?", he
snickered as he lewdly finger fucked the poor, frightened, squealing little
housewife, "A guy could have lots of fun with a nice li'l assie hole like this,
couldn't he?"

Poor Brenda sobbed and wiggled as the big man had his fun with her, then gave a
squeak when he pulled his finger out.

"There, now. Wasn't that fun?", he sneered, "Did you like that? Did you?

"Oh...Oh yes..." Brenda whimpered haplessly, "That...That was lots of fun...It
really was...I...I liked it very much..."

Grasping Brenda by her hair, the big man turned her towards him and pushed her
to her knees.

"Now, how's about a nice blow-job, li'l lady?, he grinned, "Ah gots me somethin'
big an' hot in mah pants that sure needs some suckin' an' y'all looks like a
lady that needs some stiff, black cock in her mouth. Go on. Un-zip mah pants an'
take out mah big dick."

Through tear filled eyes, Brenda saw how the man's cock was pushing out at the
front of his pants and knew without seeing it that it was absolutely huge. Being
totally defenseless, she raised her trembling hand to grasp the zipper of his
pants and fearfully pull it down.

"Go on, bitch", he menaced, "Reach on in there an' get a hold of mah dick an'
take it out."

"Y...Yes Sir...", Brenda whimpered, slipping her hand into the man's pants and
immediately feeling the huge, hot, stiff cock bulging against his shorts.

"Go on, li'l white bitch", he said, "Take out mah big cock an' play with it an'
give it a kiss. Go on now."

Brenda nervously managed to maneuver the man's stiff cock out of his shorts and
into the open where it thrust out hugely and obscenely.

"Oh...Oh My God...", she squeaked, her eyes nearly bugging out when she saw it.
It was the biggest, hottest cock she had ever seen. Huge, black, and stiff as a
board as it waved in front of her tear streaked face with drops of pre-cum
leaking from it's tip.

"How 'bout that, you li'l white piece of panty", he chuckled, "Ah bet y'all
never seen a cock this big an' hot, did ya? They sure don't grow 'em this big in
yore neighborhood, do they? Bet you ain't had nuthin' half this big up yore
juicy, li'l suburban housewifey cunt, did you?"

"N...No Sir...", Brenda whimpered.

"Yeah. Thass a lot of cock for one li'l housewifey ta handle, ain't it?", he
leered, "Go on, bitch. Play with mah big, black dong an' start kissin' it all
over. An' take out mah big balls. Y'all are gonna be kissin' an' lickin' them
too."

"Oh god...Oh please...I...I...", Brenda squeaked, not believing what she was
about to be made to do for the big black man, not believing that she was
actually stripped naked in an alley and on her knees with her fingers wrapped
around a huge stiff black cock, "I...I've
never...never...Oooohhh...Please...Please..."

"Now here ah was startin' ta believe y'all wasn't a snooty, tight ass li'l white
bitch", he sneered, "Ah thought y'all learned yore lesson when ah put mah finger
up yore ass. Damn. Is y'all tellin' me y'all don't like mah big, black cock?
Cause if you is ah'm gonna get real angry."

"Oh No...No...I...I like it...I really do...", Brenda yipped in terror, "I...I
like it very much...It...It's very nice...very, very nice..."

"Then tell me how much y'all like mah big cock", he said, twisting his fingers
in her hair, "Tell me how much y'all likes ta play with big, black cocks an' how
y'all likes ta kiss 'em an' lick 'em an' suck 'em. Go on."

"I...I love big...big black cocks...", poor Brenda squeaked with fright, "I...I
love to kiss them and...and lick them and suck them..."

"And y'all likes ta strip down yore panties an' rub a big, black cock all over
yore juicy li'l housewifey cunt, don't ya?

"Oh...Oh Yes...", she sobbed, "I...I like to pull down my panties and...and rub
a big, black cock all over my...my juicy little housewifey cunt..."

"Thass it, lady. Thass whut ah wants ta hear", he snarled dangerously, "Now
y'all git ta kissin' an' lickin' mah big cock all over. Y'all better convince me
how much y'all likes mah cock or mah finger is goin' right back up yore hot li'l
ass.

With a squeal of terror and tears running down her cheeks, poor Brenda leaned
forward and, with her fingers wrapped around the base of the stiff, black cock,
puckered up and began to kiss up and down the huge, twitching shaft. She felt
the intense heat of the monster cock against her lips as she smootched it all
over from base to tip, sobbing as she did so.

"Come on now, you li'l tight ass", he said, "Lemme feel that tongue. Lap mah
cock an' lap it good."

Too terrified to even think of resisting and fearful for her life, Brenda thrust
out her tongue, licked it around the head of the huge, black penis and lapped
wetly up and down it's length.

"Oooohhh, Yeah...Yeah...", he croaked, "Lick mah cock, bitch. Lick mah cock like
a good li'l housewifey cunt. Yeah. Thass nice. Real nice. Oooohhh Yeah. Don't
forget mah big, black balls. They needs some kissin' an' lickin' too. Go on."

Brenda obediently fished in the man's shorts and took out his huge, hairy balls.

"Go on, cunt", he snarled, "Git them lips an' tongue workin' on mah big, hot
balls. Kiss 'em an' lap 'em aroun' there. Go on."

Brenda lifted the huge, black cock against the man's stomach, reluctantly
brought her face to his big dangling balls, kissed them several times and licked
wetly as ordered.

"Now how's 'bout ah fuck you in the mouth, hey li'l lady?", he said, "Y'all jest
open up that juicy li'l mouth of yore's so's ah can put mah dick in there an'
give it a good fuck."

Trying to prevent the inevitable, Brenda kissed and licked the man's cock and
balls with increased enthusiasm. The thought of actually having to take the huge
black cock in her mouth and suck on it was beyond her comprehension. And, horror
of horrors, what if he came in her mouth, actually came in her mouth. What would
she do? What would she ever do?

"Go on, bitch", he snarled, "Open up that mouthie so's ah can give it a good
juicy fuck. Go on."

"Oh...You won't...won't...?", Brenda whimpered helplessly.

"Ah won't what?", he chuckled, "Ah won't cum in yore mouth? Hell, lady. Ah'm
gonna cum in yore mouth so much y'all are gonna be tastin' it for a month. An'
yore gonna swallow it all down like a good li'l cocksucker."

"Oh...but I never...I never...Oooohhh...", Brenda sobbed, "Please...No one ever
made me...made me..."

"Open it up, bitch. I wants ta fuck it", he glowered menacingly, "If y'all don't
ah'm gonna bend you over an' fuck you in the ass an' have me a good come up
there. Would y'all like that better?"

"Oh No...Noooo...", Brenda squeaked, unable to imagine a cock that huge going up
her virgin ass, "Don't put it up there...Please don't put it up there...I...I'll
suck it for you...I...I'll let you cum in my mouth...Oh please don't put it up
there..."

Absolutely terrified, the innocent, protected little housewife opened her mouth,
took in the huge black cock and began to suck on it like a common whore.

"Oh Yeah. Suck it, bitch", he croaked as he fucked his cock in and out of
Brenda's unwilling mouth, "Suck mah big, black, juicy cock. Tickle mah balls an'
make me cum, you tight pussy li'l whore. Suck it while ah fuck it. Yeah."

Sobbing and squealing, Brenda bobbed her head up and down on the monster cock.
Her mind reeled at the awful thought of actually taking his hot load in her
mouth and having to swallow it. Actually having to swallow it. She had never
done that before, but here she was in an alley, stripped naked and sucking on a
rapist's huge, black cock that was going to erupt any moment and pump it's hot
come down her throat. She couldn't imagine the amount of cum that must be stored
in such a huge pair of balls or how she was going to swallow it all, but she
knew she was going to have to or he might decide to put it up her ass instead.

"Oh Yeah...Oh Yeah...", he croaked as Brenda's mouth glided wetly up and down a
goodly length of his steaming black cock, "Suck it, bitch. Suck it, you lily
white cunt. Oh Yeah...Ah'm gonna cum...Ah'm gonna cum in yore mouth...Get ready,
whore. Yore gonna get a good, juicy mouthful...Oh Yeah...Yeah..."

Her mouth full of cock, Brenda gave a loud squeal when she felt the first spurt
of hot cum hit the back of her mouth. This was followed by several more which
immediately filled her mouth with cum, leaving her no choice but to swallow with
a clearly audible gulp. The big man grasped her by the hair and fucked a hot
length of wildly spurting cock into her desperately sucking mouth as she
squeaked and swallowed. It was all Brenda could do to keep up with all the hot
cum being pumped into her mouth and, swallow as she might, she couldn't prevent
some of it from leaking out of the corners of her mouth and dripping down her
chin onto her nicely jiggling titties.

"Oooohhh Yeah. Suck mah juicy cock bitch. Suck up mah hot cum", he grimaced as
he continued to pump spurt after spurt into the squealing housewife's busy
little mouth.

Poor Brenda swallowed and swallowed, wide eyed, doing the best she could to keep
up with the spurting fountain of huge, black cock in her mouth until, finally,
his orgasm subsided and he pulled her head back to see her tear streaked face
and cum covered lips.

"Oh, Yeah. That was real nice, lady", he leered, rubbing his cock on her cheek,
"Y'all can really suck cock when you have to, can't ya? Y'all sure is one cock
lappin', cum swallowin' li'l poonie, ain't ya?"

"Oh...Oh please...Can I go now...?", Brenda sobbed, not believing what she had
just been made to do, "I...I did what you wanted...Please let me go...Please"

"Whut's that?", he snarled, "Y'all tellin' me you ain't havin' a good time?
Y'all sayin' you don't love suckin' mah big, black cock? Is that whut ah'm
hearin, lady? Cause if it is ah'm gonna get real pissed off."

"Oh...Oh No...That's not what I'm saying...", Brenda squeaked with fright, "I'm
having a good time...I...I love sucking your big, black cock...I...I really
do...Don't be angry...Please don't be angry..."

"Damn, lady", he sneered, "Ah ain't even licked yore hot li'l poosie yet. Y'all
wants ta go before ah gets me a taste of yore pretty, white cunt? Damn. Ah feels
like givin' y'all a good beatin' an' fuckin' y'all up the ass ta teach you who's
boss"

"Oh...Oh No...You're the boss...You...You don't have to teach me...", the poor
little housewife squeaked, "Don't beat me...Please don't beat me..."

"Now how's 'bout a nice poosie show, hey lady?, he snarled dangerously, pushing
the sobbing, terrified Brenda towards a dirty old mattress on the ground, "Whut
say y'all get down there an' spread them leggies wide as you can an' show me
whut a cute li'l cunny y'all got there. Yeah. Ah wants ta see some nice, white
cunt an' ah wants ta see it now."

"Y...Yes Sir...", Brenda sobbed, quickly lying on her back on the filthy
mattress, raising her knees and fearfully spreading them as widely as possible
to please the awful man.

"Yeah. Thass it, lady. Thass whut ah wants ta see", he leered, staring between
Brenda's widely spread thighs at her fully exposed pussy, "Oh Yeah. Would you
lookit that nice li'l cuntie. It sure do look plump an' sweet. Oh Yeah. Ah'm
gonna have me some nice, white, suburban housewifey poose. Mmmm, Yeah."

The big man got to his knees between the sobbing little housewife's obscenely
splayed legs and reached to tickle a finger up between her frightened cunny
lips.

"Oh Yeah. This li'l cuntie is nice an' wet. Nice an' cute an' wet. Jest the way
ah like it", he grinned, "Nuthin' ah likes better than playin' with a white
gal's cute li'l poosie. 'Specially when it's so wet an' juicy. Oh Yeah. Nice
poosie. Nice poosie."

Brenda squeaked and gave an involuntary little wiggle as the man's finger
explored up her defenseless cunny, tickling her wet little hole.

'Mmmm. This li'l poose sure is a cutie-pie", he leered, bending down to kiss the
insides of Brenda's widely spread thighs, "Ah think ah'm gonna jest lick mah way
up to that cute, li'l white poosie an' have mahself a nice, cuntie li'l snack."

The man proceeded to lick the insides of Brenda's quivering thighs with his big
tongue, slowly licking upwards towards her pouting, fully displayed little cunt.
He then lapped around the sides of her cunny and gave it a big, juicy kiss.

"Ooohhh. This li'l cuntie kisses up real nice", he smiled, "Now let's see how
nice an' juicy-sweet it is."

Brenda gave a squeal when she felt the man's big tongue lap directly up between
her pussy lips and tickle her clittie, then another squeal when he licked at her
wet little cunny hole and prodded it inside.

"Oooohhh, Yeah. Nice li'l cunt y'all got there lady", he said, "Nice an' wet an'
tasty. Ah can taste yore cunny juice real good. Now y'all keep those leggies
wide apart so's ah can lap yore poosie an' get mah tongue up that nice, plump
li'l ass."

With his powerful hands forcing Brenda's thighs back and widely spread, the big
man went to work with his tongue on her pouting little cunt. Brenda squeaked and
squealed as the big tongue sluiced up between her defenseless pussy lips and
probed her wet little ho�e. Giving a shriek, the poor little housewife found out
just how long the man's tongue was when a good four inches of it went directly
up her cunt and began to fuck it.

"Oh...Oh...Oooohhh...Oh no...Oh...Oh no...", she squealed, defensively clenching
her cunny-hole around the long, hot tongue, "Oooohhh...Oooohhh...Don't...Oh
Don't...Oooohhh..."

Oh Yeah. Poosie's getting hot, ain't it lady?", he cackled, "Y'all like mah
tongue up yore juicy li'l cunt, don't ya? You li'l white bitches are all the
same. Y'all fuss a lot but when a guy gets yore panties down an' gets ta lickin'
poosie, y'all start creamin' all over the place, don't ya? Now let's see whut
this plumpie li'l ass tastes like."

"Oh No...Not up there...Please...Not up there...", Brenda squealed as the big
man easily pushed her legs back over her titties, nuzzled his face up between
her plump quivering ass cheeks and thrust out his tongue, "Eeeeeee...Oh...Oh
No...Oh...Oh Please...Don't...Don't...Eeeeeeee...Eeeeeeeee...Eeeeeeeeee..."

"Mmmmm...Yummy...Yummy...", the big man muttered as his tongue explored the
lovely territory up the squealing little housewife's ass, "Oooohhh is that good.
What an ass. What a tasty-delicious, plump li'l ass. Mmmmm...Nice...Real
nice...Mmmmm..."

Brenda squealed loudly, clenching her plump ass cheeks around the man's face as
he licked at her sensitive little asshole.

"Eeeeeee...Weeeeeee...Oh...Oh No...Oooohhh No...Don't... Don't...Oooohhh...",
she keened as the hot tongue poked up into her little ass hole and licked it
around, Oh...Oh Hooo...Woooooo...Woooooo..."

"Come on, you snooty li'l housewifey bitch", he muttered, "Tell me how much you
like it. Tell me how hot it gets you. Go on, and make it good."

Still terrified, poor Brenda could not help nature from taking it's course. No
one had ever licked her up her ass and she had never had a tongue go that far up
her cunny before. Totally humiliated, she couldn't deny the effect the hot
tongue was having on her or the heat rapidly building up in her pussy. A heat
that was quickly driving her over the edge.

"Oh...Oh Yes...I...I like it...Oooohhh...I like it...", she squealed, unable to
control herself, "It...It's getting me hot...It's getting me so
hot...Oooohhh...Put your tongue up my ass...Please put your tongue up my
ass...Oooohhh...Oooohhh...Lick me good...Oooohhh...Lick me...Lick me..."

The big man lapped his tongue wetly up between Brenda's jiggling ass cheeks then
returned to licking her overheated little cunt.

"Oh...Oh Yes...Oh Yes...Oooohhh...", she keened on the verge of orgasm, "Lick my
cunny...Lick my hot little cunny...Oh...Oh...I...I'm going to do it...Oh...Oh
Yes...I'm going to do it...I'm going to do it..."

Brenda screeched, humped her little cunt up towards the big man's mouth and
began to cream wildly all over his tongue.

"Oh...Oh My God...I...I'm creaming...I'm creaming...", she squealed as the pussy
juice flowed out from between her cunny lips to be lapped up by the big Negro,
"Oh My God...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh...Oooohhh"

As Brenda's orgasm subsided, feelings of humiliation and shame overtook her.
Humiliation at being forced to submit to such an act by a rapist and shame at
having lost control and creaming for him. Putting her face in her hands, she
began to cry in despair.

"Whut y'all cryin' about, bitch?", he sneered, "If you wants ta cry ah'll put
you over mah knee an' whup that plumpie ass of yours so's you got somethin' ta
cry about.

The big man raised up on his knees, his huge, black penis jutting out stiffly.
"Lookit this, bitch", he leered, stroking his monstrous erection obscenely,
"Lookit whut lickin' out yore ass an' suckin' on yore poosie done. It done gave
me a real big hard-on again. Now whut we gonna do ta take care of this big,
stiff cock I got. Huh?"

Brenda looked from between her fingers and through tear-filled eyes to see the
huge, stiff cock and knew she was in real trouble.

"Seein' as how ah already done pumped yore mouth full of hot cum", he leered,
"Ah think ah'll put mah cock up yore juicy li'l cuntie an' pump some up there.
Yeah. Ah'm gonna fuck that nice, li'l housewifey cunt an' juice y'all up real
good."

"Oh...Oh please sir...It...It's too big...", Brenda squeaked in terror, "Please
don't put it up my...my...It's too big...Please don't...Please..."

"Yeah. Yore prob'ly right", he grinned, "If it's too big for the li'l poosie,
ah'll jest put it up yore ass an' pump mah hot cum up there."

"Oh...No...Nooooo...", the poor little housewife yipped in terror at the thought
of a penis that size being forced up her virgin asshole, "Put it up my...my
cunny...Please put it up my cunny...Please..."

"Beg me, bitch", he sneered dangerously, "Beg me like you mean it. Tell me why
ah should fuck you up the cuntie instead."

"Oh...Please fuck me up my cuntie...Please...", Brenda sobbed, "My...My cuntie
is nice and hot for you...Please put your big cock up my hot little cuntie and
fuck me good...Please..."

"Ah don't know, lady. That plump, white ass a' yours looks awful good ta me", he
grinned, enjoying the little housewifes terror, "Are y'all gonna wiggle for me
an' give me a nice juicy fuck?"

"Oh...Oh Yes...", poor Brenda tearfully squeaked, "I...I'll wiggle really good
for you...I...I'll give you a very juicy fuck...I really will..."

"Go on. Tickle yore li'l poosie an' make it nice for me", he leered at the
frightened little housewife.

Brenda immediately moved a hand between her widely spread legs and began to
tickle a finger up and down her lewdly displayed cunny slit.

"Look...I...I'm tickling it...I'm tickling it...", the poor, sobbing Brenda
squeaked in panic, "I...I'm tickling my pussy...I...I'm going to make it nice
for you...Oh please...Please fuck me up my...my hot little pussy...Please..."

"Oooweee. You sure is one hot panty li'l housewifey bitch, ain't you lady?", he
sneered, "All tight ass an' proper, but show you a big, black cock an' yore
beggin' ta be fucked, ain't ya?"

"Oh...Oh Yes...", Brenda yipped as she diddled herself for the big man's viewing
pleasure, "I...I'm a hot panty little bitch...Please put your big, black cock up
my wet little pussy and fuck me...Please fuck me...Please..."

"O.K., you prissy, cunt ticklin' li'l piece", he leered, taking his huge cock in
one hand and moving forward to rub the head of it against Brenda's frightened
little pussy, "Yore gonna get it now. Yore gonna get fucked like you ain't never
been fucked before. Ah'm gonna ream out that juicy li'l hole of yours an' fill
you full of hot cum."

Brenda gave a shrill squeal when the head of the man's cock popped up her nicely
wet and well tickled cunny hole, followed by four inches of steaming shaft.

"Eeeeeee...Eeeeeeeeee...Oh...Oh My God...Oh...Oh...", she keened, her wet cunny
stretching to accept the impossibly large penis, "It...It's too
big...Eeeeeeee...Don't put it all the way up...It's too big...Oh...Oh my
cunny...Oh my poor little cunny."

"Yeah. Thass it lady. Squeal an' beg. Squeal an' beg", he sneered, slipping
another two inches up the housewife's defenseless little cunt, "

"Eeeeeee...Oh...Oh My God...Oh My God...No More...Please...No More..."

"Jest a li'l more, bitch", he said, "Jest a nice eight inches or so ta get y'all
a' fuckin' an' a creamin' real good."

"Yeeeeeee...Oh...Oh...Weeeeee...Weeeeeee...", Brenda keened as another two
inches of steaming, black cock fucked up into her, "Oh...Oh My God...Oh No...Oh
No...Eeeeeeee...Eeeeeeeeee..."

"Come on, you li'l hot pants", he muttered, "Start wigglin' that plump li'l
assie aroun' for me. Show me whut a hot an' juicy li'l fuck y'all are or ah'm
gonna hafta put some more cock up there."

"Oh No...Oh God No...No More Cock...Please...No More Cock...", the poor little
housewife wailed, her overheated little pussy clasping wetly around eight full
inches of monster, black penis, "I...I'm wiggling...I'm wiggling my...my plump
little assie. Oh God...Oh God it's so big...So big and hot...Oh my poor little
cunny...Oh God... Oh My God...Oooohhh...Oooohhh..."

"Thass it, bitch", he croaked, "Wiggle that ass an' tell me whut a good li'l
fuckie girl you are. Let's hear it."

"Oh...Oh...I...I'm a good little fuckie girl...I'm a very good little fuckie
girl..." Brenda squeaked, beginning, to her shame, to lose control, "Oh... Oh my
god...Oh my god...I'm a fuckie girl...Oh my pussy...My pussy is so
hot...Oooohhh...Fuck Me...Fuck Me..."

"Take that cock, you snooty li'l white bitch", he muttered, fucking his huge
penis in and out of the poor, defenseless little housewife, "Take mah big, black
cock up yore ritzy li'l suburban cunt. Ah wants y'all ta learn yore lesson. Ah
wants y'all ta learn it good."

"Oh...Oh Yes...I...I'm learning my lesson", Brenda squeaked, her overheated
pussy beginning to drool girlie juice and clasping tightly around the rapists
hot, monster cock, "I'm...I'm learning my lesson really
good...Oh...Oh...Oooohhh...Oh I...I never...I...I...Oooohhh...Oooohhh..."

Although terrified into submission, Brenda had never had such a cock up her and,
as nature would have it, the overwhelming sensations in her reluctant pussy
began to take over to her shame and humiliation.

"Oh...Oh My God...Fuck Me...", she keened on the edge of orgasm, "Fuck Me ...
Please Fuck Meeeee...Oooohhh...Wooooooo...Wooooooo...I...I'm going to...Going
to...Oh...Oh No...Noooooo...Nooooooo..."

With a screech and with her titties bouncing, Brenda went over the edge and
began to cream all over the big man's stroking cock.

"Oh God...Oh My God...", she keened as her cunny juices poured out to bathe the
giant cock that stuffed her raped pussy, "Eeeeeeee...Eeeeeeee...Yeeeeeee..."

"Yeah. Thass it bitch. Thass it", he croaked, "Cream mah big, black cock. Y'all
cream mah cock an' ah'm gonna pump mah hot cum right up yore juicy li'l cunt
hole. Yeah. Get ready, bitch. Ah'm gonna pump so much hot cum up yore cunt it's
gonna squirt outa yore cocksuckin' li'l mouth. Oh Yeah...Yeah. Y'all are gonna
be one cream filled li'l jelly-roll. Yeah...Hang on, bitch. Here it comes. Here
it comes. Ooooweeeee..."

Brenda clearly felt the first powerful jet of hot cum spurt all the way up in
her still creaming pussy and screeched, her screeches getting louder with each
successive blast as she was pumped full of cock juice.

The big man's orgasm was seemingly endless, causing the little, raped housewife
to go wide eyed and bounce nicely with each hot spurt delivered way up in her
clasping cunny.

When he was finally finished, he pulled out his huge, dripping, black cock,
pushed it in Brenda's tear streaked face and made her kiss it and lick it clean.

The poor, terrified and well raped little housewife then broke down and sobbed
uncontrollably on the dirty mattress.

"Oh...Oh God...No more...Please no more...", she begged in tears, "Oh God...Oh
My God...No more..."

"Ah tell ya what, lady", he grinned, "Y'all done been a great li'l piece of
pussy. Ah think ah'm gonna let y'all go. But ah wants ta do one more thing. Jest
for fun."

"One...One more thing?", Brenda whimpered pathetically, "Oh No...Please...No
more...Please..."

"Well. Looks like y'all don't want me ta let y'all go", he smiled, "Thass O.K.
with me. Ah'll jest make y'all suck mah cock again an' give y'all another few
fucks."

"Oh No...Nooooo...", she squealed in terror, "Let...Let me go...Please let me
go... I... I beg you...Don't...Don't fuck me any more...Please don't fuck me any
more..."

"Hell, lady", he leered "Ah could fuck y'all all night if ah wanted to but ah'm
tryin' ta be nice. Now ah ain't gonna let y'all go till ah gets some
cooperation."

"Wh...What do you want to do?", Brenda whimpered, "You're...You're not going to
do it...do it up my...my..."

"Nah. Don't worry", he grinned, "But you is close. Ah wants ta put mah finger up
yore ass like ah did it before. Yeah. Ah wants ta put mah finger up yore nice
plump housewifey ass an' jest give it to ya a little. Ah likes doin' that a lot.
Course if y'all don't let me do it ah can put mah cock up there instead."

"Oooohhh...Noooooo...Please...I don't want you to do that", Brenda cried,
"Please don't finger me up there...It...It hurts when you do
that...Pleeeaase..."

"O.K., bitch. Have it yore way", he leered, "Ah'll jest bend y'all on over an'
fill it full of hot cock."

"Oh No...Oh God No...Noooooo...", Brenda squeaked in panic at the very thought
of a cock that size going up her ass.

"Tell me, bitch", he sneered, "Somethin's goin' up that ass of yores. Is it
gonna be mah finger, or mah cock?"

"Your...Your finger...Please... Your finger", she sobbed.

"Go on, cunt", he said, "Get on yore elbows an' knees. Stick that assie up in
the air so's ah can put mah finger up an' play."

Thoroughly degraded, Brenda knew she had no choice and, resigning herself to the
lesser of the evils, assumed the humiliating position.

The big man snickered, slapping her upturned ass and playing patty-cake with it
for a few minutes, enjoying the way it bounced and jiggled in his big hands. He
tickled his finger up between her plump ass cheeks causing her to squeak with
fear then suddenly rammed his finger directly up her tight little ass hole.

"Yowwwwwww...Yowwwwwwww...", Brenda shrieked as the big finger went right up to
the second knuckle and twisted, "Yeeeeeee...Oh...Oh No...Weeeeeee..."

The big man gleefully finger fucked the little housewifes ass hole, thoroughly
enjoying her shrieks, squeaks and begging sobs, for several minutes before
finally pulling it out. He then pulled her to her feet by the hair and had her
put on her panties.

"Come on, cunt", he said, "Back to the car. Ah'm gonna let y'all go."

As relieved as she was at having survived her ordeal and finally being let go,
the sobbing, panty-clad housewife realized she was in the same situation she was
in when she had run out of gas.

"But...But I...I can't go home...", she whimpered when he opened her car door
and pushed her in, "I...I'm still out of gas..."

"Thass the good news, lady", he grinned, "Ah lied to y'all 'bout the gas
station. There's one jest down the street. Y'all jest take off yore brake an'
coast on down there."

"But...But my wallet...You have my bag...", she sobbed, "And...And my clothes...
I...I need my clothes...I...I can't go like...like this...Only in my...my
panties with no money...Please..."

"Ah don't think y'all are gonna need any money, lady", he snickered, "When them
kids at the gas station see them titties an' them hot li'l panties, they's gonna
fill up yore tank if'n they can get some nookie. Y'all jest get yore undies off
for'em an' treat 'em to a li'l somethin' in the back seat. Thass all. Ah knows
them boys. One's fifteen an' the other one's about twelve. Y'all jest be real
nice an' give 'em what they want an' everythin's gonna be O.K."

Even though she had just been thoroughly raped, Brenda couldn't believe what she
was hearing. He was actually suggesting, telling her really, that if she wanted
gas in her car she was going to have to have sex with young boys to get it. It
was absolutely unthinkable. To be made to take off her panties for young boys
and let them play, let them actually fuck her. But before she could protest, the
big man was gone. Her money and clothes with him.

In tears, Brenda released her emergency brake, put the car in neutral and
coasted to the gas station, trembling with humiliation when a tall, gangling
teenager came up to the car, looked in and grinned widely.

Brenda put one arm over her titties and the other over her panties, blushing
with shame.

"Please...I...I need gas...", she stammered, "I was robbed...I...I have no
money...I can pay you tomorrow...Please..."

"Hey Dimmy", he shouted to a younger boy, "Git over here. Y'all gotta git a look
at this."

"Please...Just give me some gas...Please...", Brenda squeaked with embarassment
as the other boy approached, "I...I'll pay you tomorrow...I promise..."

"Oh Jeez", the younger boy said, his eyes going wide, "She only got panties
on...Oh Jeez."

"Hell, lady", the older one said, "We can't give you no gas less y'all got
money. Whut y'all think Dimmy?"

"Well, mebbe we could give her a little if she pulls down her panties an' shows
us her poose."

"Yeah", the older one grinned, "Y'all show us yore poosie an' let us tickle it a
little an' we'll give y'all some gas."

"Please boys...", she stammered, "I..I don't want to do that...Please..."

"Ahh, come on, lady", the older one said, "We jest wanna play with poosie a
little. Go on. Pull down yore panties an' give us a li'l look-see."

"Yeah", piped the younger, "If'n y'all wants gas y'alls got ta give a li'l
poosie."

"Oh please, boys...Don't...Don't make me...Don't make me...", Brenda sobbed.

"O.K., lady", the older said, "Y'all can sit here all night. We'ze 'bout ta
close up."

"Al...Alright...Alright...", Brenda haplessly capitulated to her disgrace,
"I...I'll let you play with it a little but...but promise me you'll give me the
gas..."

"Hear that Dimmy", the older boy said excitedly, "She's gonna pull down her
panties an' let us play with poosie. Let's take her inside so's we can have some
fun with her."

"In...Inside?", she stammered, "No...Not inside. I...I don't want to go
inside..."

"Hell, lady", the older one said, "We can't tickle poosie out here in the open.
We gots ta go inside if'n we'ze gonna get yore panties down an' play."

Totally trapped, Brenda reluctantly allowed the boys to push her car into a
grease bay and close the door. She waited, trembling in the car while they
quickly shut down the station, not believing what she was about to be made to do
with these little boys. The older one was a teenager and that was bad enough,
but the other one could not be more than twelve. A twelve year old boy was
actually going to feel her up. Twelve years old and would have to let him. The
disgrace, the humiliation and the shame were almost too great to bear.

The boys made her get in the back seat with them on either side of her.

"Come on, lady", the older one said, "Pull down them purty undie-pants an' let's
see poosie-woosie."

Shutting her eyes tightly, Brenda reached down, grasped the lace trimmed
waistband of her panties and lowered them for the boys.

"Oh Jeez. Lookit her poosie", young Dimmy gawked as cunny came into view, "Oh
man. She got a real nice poosie on her, don't she?"

Brenda had to sit passively and sobbed as the boys tickled and played with her
naked cunny. When she thought they had played with pussy enough, she asked for
the gas. The boys laughed and told her she was going to have to do more than let
them play with pussy if she wanted the gas. It wasn't until she had sucked both
their penises and let each of them fuck her on the back seat that they finally
filled her tank and let her go.

Now completely naked because the boys had insisted on keeping her panties,
Brenda drove out of the station. In her desperation to get out of there as fast
as she could, Brenda inadvertently turned down a side street which was a
deserted dead end. To her horror, before she could turn the car around it was
suddenly surrounded by about twenty young boys in gang jackets. She had no time
to lock her door before one of them yanked it open.

"Oooweeee. Lookie whut we got here", one of them piped as the others gathered
around to ogle the terrified, sobbing, naked little housewife, "Looks like we
got ourselves some prime white nookie here. Who goes first?

Brenda screamed.



For Comments e-mail:  lennotes@megatropic.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Coyote


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





