BDSM Library - The Medical Experiment




The Medical Experiment
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Helena is young, pretty, sexy, and about to be used for a perverted and nasty set of experiments by her boyfriend a group of his friends...and beasts. Other parts to follow if people want..
The Medical experiment

1. The laboratory - preparation

Helena was 22, intelligent, happy, and highly sexed, all of which made Mike, her
boyfriend, very happy. She was about 5'5 tall, with light brown hair with blonde
highlights, and light blue eyes. Her skin was very fair and smooth. She did
quite a lot of swimming and other exercise, and was very supple and slim as a
result, with firm 34c breasts, a toned tummy, and a hard small bum and long,
slim and strong legs.

Mike was a medical researcher, working in a small lab for a doctor who had some
pretty weird ideas. He had met the doctor in fact through the internet, as they
both shared an interest in pretty wild sexual fantasies as well as medical
research, and they had worked together for a while now. When he had first
started sleeping with Helena, he had started wondering if he could ever get her
to go along with some of the wilder things that he and the doc had sometimes
talked about. Helena was the best fuck that Mike had ever had, always ready and
always willing to try things out. As he sat with her in the bar, with a number
of other people from the lab and some other friends from the internet group he
was a part of, he felt himself going hard as he remembered the first time he had
taken her up the ass. It was the first time for her too, and he remembered her
screams as he entered her, and the intensity of his orgasm when he felt her give
in and cum as he drilled into her bowels.

Helena had had a few drinks by now, slightly laced with a drug to relax
inhibitions even more, and the doctor nodded slightly to Mike. It was time. Mike
started talking to her about some of the sexual research that they were doing,
and the need for a responsive female subject, leading Helena to a place where
she would agree to volunteer. She felt a bit embarrassed at first, but everyone
round the table seemed nice and comfortable, and slowly she relaxed. She felt
fuzzy and tingly inside as Mike's voice gently worked on her. At the same time
his fingers were gently stroking up and down her thigh, bare under her skirt,
hidden under the table, and she started to feel sexy. Very sexy in fact. So sexy
that she agreed not just to help, but to go to the lab with them right now.....

It was a large room in a complex of buildings. She could hear and smell animals
somewhere near, as she lay back on the couch in the main room. It was like an
examination couch at the Family Planning clinic, and she was feeling hot and
nervous under the thin robe she had been told to wear, as Mike and another man
lifted her feet into stirrups. She had been given a warm soapy enema by the
doctor before coming through to the room, which had been a little strange and
uncomfortable, but the doctor had explained that she needed to be thoroughly
clean to prevent any germs in the lab, which had seemed to make a sort of sense.
At least, she thought, at least I am clean. At the same time as the men closed
soft bands on her feet to hold her in place, softer hands moved quickly and her
wrists were secured into straps, holding her arms alongside but away from her
body. Two women stood back smiling at her.

"Hey wait a minute...what's going on? Mike?" She felt stirrings of fear as she
realised that she was now lying, naked except for a medical robe, tied and
helpless. The doctor entered, wheeling a trolley with a lot of strange things on
up to beside the couch. She stared as he took a syringe and filled it with clear
liquid, and came to her side. Helena was pulling hard on the straps now and
squirming as she tried to get loose

 "Mike..For fuck's sake Mike this isn't funny....Let me go I've changed my mind"

The doctor held her arm tight, swabbed a little area, and slid the needle under
her skin, slowly injecting the fluid into her.

Helena's struggles got weaker as a warm tingling spread through her body. In
disbelief, she realised that her nipples were reacting and going hard, and there
was a warm sensation deep inside her that told her she was beginning to
lubricate inside. He smiled.

"Just a little stimulant Helena my dear. I need you to be relaxed and ready for
what is going to happen. Whatever we do, don't worry. You will not be damaged
permanently, and nothing will ever show for long. But you will do as we say, and
you will enjoy it. You can't prevent it, so please just relax. OK?"

Helena stared back at him, wanting to fight but feeling sexy at the same time.
The robe was rubbing on her nipples, and it was enough to make her breasts itch
and glow inside, as if she was being touched softly and sexily. With a shock,
she felt a tiny trickle between her legs run down her ass crack. She looked
around the room. There were five men and two women, and they were starting to
strip. The men were erect, and all were quite big down there, although none were
as big as Mike, who she had measured once at 8 inches long. She looked back at
the doctor. He was just stepping out of his things, and she gasped. His cock had
to be a foot long, and it was beginning to swell. Her tummy lurched in fear as
she saw the monster, but her insides clenched and throbbed at the same time in
excitement.

"Yes it's big isn't it? I specialise in growth serums, and tested it on myself.
A fine success don't you think?" He smiled at her as he walked towards her, his
cock still only half hard and swinging from side to side.

"And now I think we can get rid of this" He gripped the top of her robe and tore
it down the centre seam, pulling the halves of material away, and leaving her
naked and exposed

They looked. Her skin was smooth and silky, her breasts firm and tipped with
dark pink as they wrinkled into hardness, with small pale pink circles
surrounding them. They could see her ribs under the skin, and the faint muscles
under her tight stomach. Her navel was a small circle with the bottom of it
clear to see. The tendons in her thighs trembled slightly in her spread
position, but their eyes were drawn to the long straight lips of her sex, now
dark pink and slightly puffy, with the faintest gleam of dew between them. Her
hair was trimmed into a light and fuzzy landing strip at the front, but she was
totally bare between her legs. The men started to stroke themselves as they
ached to enter her body. Just visible was the pink wrinkled edge of her anus,
clenched tightly shut, but again with a dewy droplet gleaming on the skin where
it had trickled from her sex.

The doctor gave a sign, and one of the women kneeled between Helena's legs, and
Helena's eyes closed as she felt a soft tongue gently press on her lips, sinking
between them to the sensitive skin underneath, and licking along the length of
her sex. Her hips lifted slightly as a shudder of pleasure went through her
lower body. Almost at once, the other woman leant down and took an aching nipple
into her mouth, flicking the tip and sucking it  wonderfully. One of the men
started to suckle the other a little harder, but still sexily enough for her
breasts to fill with warm excitement. She didn't see the doctor carefully
filling three syringes. Her hips pushed up at the woman's mouth as she felt her
tiny clit being sucked and nibbled, and as a slender finger gently pushed her
walls apart and slid up inside her body. Helena was moaning softly as waves of
joy started in her tummy and tingled down her legs and up her body. Her fists
clenched and her toes curled as the woman gently stretched her and drew her
finger out, replacing it with something cool and metallic, which held her open.
She felt air rush into her even as her clitty started to throb and pulse, and
she whimpered as she started to cum.

The woman and the men could see Helena's pussy held open by the speculum as her
hips jerked and as she whimpered and moaned. The lips were puffier now and her
inner skin gleamed with clear juice as she came and slowly relaxed a little.
Mike knelt now, taking one of the syringes in his hand, and eased it into his
naked girlfriend's sex, deep inside until the point touched the rubbery muscle
of her cervix. He pressed the plunger as two others held her hips down, and her
eyes flew open.

"OWWWWWWWWHAT...." There was a short stinging pain inside which disappeared
almost as quickly as it started.. The thing inside her quickly slid out, and
then the speculum was withdrawn, leaving her with a strange, stinging heat deep
in her belly.

At once, the mouths were removed from her nipples, and hands again held her down
as the doctor pinched the sides of her nipple and slowly pushed a needle down
through the top into her breast

Helena started to scream as she felt the metal spike enter her and go into her
tittie flesh, where it stopped as the doctor pressed the plunger down. She was
trying to jerk off the couch as he withdrew the empty syringe and moved to her
other breast, where he repeated the action through the small dark nipple. As he
stood back and the girl writhed and sobbed on the couch, they could see a pink
flush spreading out from her nipples. "OW GOD STOP IT IT HURTS O GOD PLEASE MAKE
IT STOP PLEASE O WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"

The warm itching and tingling in her breasts rose to a peak and then settled,
but did not go away. Soft fingers were stroking her between her legs and she
didn't know whether to concentrate on the pleasure in her pussy or the pains in
her breasts. Her breathing slowed down a little.

"The injections in your breasts are designed to stimulate lactation....your milk
glands. In a very short time, I expect them to start working as nature intended.
It isn't dangerous, and so valuable for curing women who cannot breastfeed,
Relax Helena. We will see very soon how well it works. As for the other, we need
to relax your cervix a little, if you are going to take what we have in mind
without being permanently damaged."

She stared up at him, feeling the drugs working in her body

"But before we get to that...I think we'd all like a little fuck..."




2. The men

The headrest was slipped back a little, and before Helena could get her thoughts
together, one of the men was there, holding his rigid cock down to her lips. He
pulled the skin back and showed her the dark red head, already shiny with
precum, which was welling up in the slit as she looked. She felt another man
move between her spread legs, and the blunt head of a man's cock being pressed
onto her wet sex. Her skin stretched wide to accept it as he leaned his weight
forward and drove over 6 inches of hard flesh like a spike up her pussy. Her
mouth opened to cry out, and the head man took the moment, and forced his cock
between her lips as she started to scream. The cock in her pussy drove deep in
one huge thrust, and scratchy hairs mashed straight onto her exposed and excited
clitty, making her hips jump. Her mouth was stuffed with the meaty slippery and
oozing cock, and she felt the precum puddle in the top of her throat. She
swallowed so she could breathe, and felt it line her throat in the special way
that a man's cock can. The cock in her pussy dragged back, making her lift to
try to keep it in, and when it drove back into her she moaned and started to
suck.

The men quickly found a rhythm. She was being fucked both ends at once, and her
body started to respond again. Her tongue found the slit in the man's cock and
teased it, making him groan before he pushed hard into the warm wet mouth,
driven almost over the edge by the sucking slurping mouth of the girl. Helena's
ass crack was getting wet as the man fucked in and out faster and faster. Her
belly was warm inside and her clitty screamed every time his hairs mashed it.
The drug cocktails made her last inhibitions go and she began squeezing her
pussy muscles tight on him as if it was Mike, milking his cock as he struggled
to get even further into her body. He started to jerk out of rhythm, and a warm
wet feeling spread in her belly. She could actually feel squirts of heat splash
her cervix, which she had never felt before, and she sucked hard as her body
exploded into a huge cum. The man between her legs felt as though she was trying
to suck him up into her pussy as he poured a week's worth of seed into her
humping body. As he got softer, he felt his cock being squeezed tight, and
slowly forced out of her. Mike pushed him aside and positioned his fatter 8
inches in the entrance he had fucked so often. He leaned forward and squeezed
her aching tits as he slid his cock up her belly, pushing the other man's cum
further up into his girlfriend's body.

Helena moaned deep in her throat as she felt the stretching effect of Mike's big
prick reaming deep inside her, and as her aching heated boobs responded to his
touch. Her moan vibrated along the cock in her mouth, and suddenly it swelled
even thicker, and she felt her head being held as great squirts of cum filled
her cheeks and throat. There was so much of it, and he wouldn't take his cock
out, so she had to swallow and swallow and swallow, her tummy filling with the
thick white cream. She could feel it burn all the way down, and then lay
bubbling inside her stomach. Her mouth was full of the taste and the heat of it
as the cock finally stopped spurting and  she sucked out the little dribbles. A
hand rolled her head to the other side, and she saw a hairy belly and another
stiff pole waiting for her. Someone untied her hands and feet, and she reached
out and took the cock in her hand, pulling it greedily to her shiny mouth and
slurping it in.

Mike lifted her legs high and drove hard, feeling the end of her pussy as he
pushed his entire length into her. Helena usually squealed when he got this
deep, because it hurt, although it was a good hurt, but this time she just felt
a sexy thumping deep inside and she pushed back, tightening her pussy again and
moving her hips round and round to pull his cock into her.

The cock in her mouth started to fuck in and out, and she felt a mouth clamp
onto one of her nipples and start to suck and love it. Beside her, one of the
women was sucking the first men back to hardness, licking Helena's juice and man
cum off one, and slowly wanking the other. The other woman was sucking Helena's
nipple, which was starting to burn inside as something gave way. There was a
strange releasing feeling and a glowing heat, and the woman felt a thin trickle
of warm sweet milk enter her mouth. Helena was ready to explode and she wanked
the man in her mouth fiercely, stroking and squeezing his balls as her lover
fucked hard and steady and o God so deep into her.

Once again, her tummy muscles clenched tight, showing as a ridge under the skin,
as her pussy exploded into a huge orgasm. Mike grunted and pressed his cock
right on the tiny hole inside her body, and his cum shot over and over again
into her, making her cervix sting with joy as her clitty send shocks though her
body in wave after wave. She barely noticed as the man in her mouth started to
pour a stream of sperm into her mouth, gulping it down between gasps as her body
bucked and jerked. Her legs clamped tight round Mike as the feelings on her sex,
in her tittie, and the sensation of drinking so much cum all combined.

Helena fainted as the cocks pulled out of her, Instantly, a thick white bubble
started to appear in her now red sex, and the doctor quickly moved to insert a
sort of plug into the wet mouth, keeping the men's sperm swimming in the warm
tunnel of her sex. A thin trickle of clear liquid was seeping from one nipple,
and the other looked swollen and tight. He placed small caps over them both, but
first injected both nipples again with the serum. Once the caps were in place,
he stood back. She was already a d cup, and her breasts were growing almost
visibly, pale blue veins showing underneath the milky white skin.

"Mike she is perfect...I don't even think she needs any more stimulants..she has
got to be the most highly sexed woman I have ever seen. I think it's time to
introduce her to the animals..Bring her through" and the doctor opened a door
through to a larger, and definitely not medical-looking room.




The Medical experiment  3

3. The doctor and the dog

Helena lay on  her back on a padded bench, her legs secured wide apart and
doubled back so that her knees were pointing back towards her shoulders. Her
arms were strapped down, and as she started to come round fully she realised
that her sex was totally exposed, and that she could barely move.

A man was gently squeezing and rubbing her sore, stiff nipple, and she was aware
of warm breath on her thighs, and a soft stroking of her sex lips, which made
her moan softly even as she struggled to get away.

"She's not making much" she heard from the man tweaking her nipple "I thought
she would be able to feed an army from that stuff you injected"

"Not to worry. Another little treatment will help. But her body needs to feel
pregnant to really get a full result." The doctor's voice stopped as he moved,
and Helena saw his face above her, and his hands holding another syringe.

"Please O God please stop...let me go please I don't want to do this O
please...." She was gabbling in panic, even as her body responded to the
stroking between her legs. She could feel the sperm bubbling inside her as her
tummy muscles clenched in fear and excitement. Between her legs, she felt a slim
finger press slowly inside her slippery tunnel, and her eyes widened as she felt
it press and stroke the special spot inside.

"OHHHHHH.." she moaned, her hips moving slightly.

The doctor smiled. "It seems that Anne has found your G spot my dear. Now you're
going to like this...." He giggled madly as he moved the syringe away from her
staring eyes. Suddenly, Helena gasped, as she felt the cool smooth syringe enter
her body.

The doctor spoke to his students "A mixture of collogen, injected into a woman's
G spot, is known to raise the level of the sexual experience for her to new
heights. As a treatment, it is already becoming common for non-orgasmic women.
For someone like Helena here, it will have unexpected, but I think interesting
results. I have added a small amount of amphetamine, which will stimulate and
excite, and make the collogen work instantly, rather than the usual two to three
weeks. NOW, Ann, please" and Helena felt a sharp stinging mixed with sharp
pleasure deep inside her body.

She groaned, her eyes closing as she felt warmth rush through her lower body,
and then jerked as her breasts were pierced in turn by further injections of the
lactating serum. She lay panting, with a thin gleam of sweat on her tummy and
between her breasts, feeling cold air on her exposed sex. Her eyes opened again
as she sensed a body moving between her legs, and she stretched her neck to see
the doctor, holding his foot long cock like a club, positioning himself. It
touched her, rubbing in the wet folds of skin before sticking in the entrance to
her pussy.

"NOOOO O GOD PLEEEEEEEEEASE OWWWWWOHHHHHHHH" she screamed as his cock forced her
lips wide and started to sink into her soft body, pushing harder as he reached
beyond even where Mike had stretched her. Her body jerked and her muscles went
tight as he felt the doctor's cock hit the end of her pussy and stop, drawing
back slightly. She could feel her inner skin being dragged out by the fat helmet
on his cock and then he rammed hard and she felt a gut wrenching ripping inside
as he forced it through her loosened cervix and into her very womb.

No sound would come out of her throat as he started to fuck the monster into her
and out again. The pain was indescribable as he punched the wall of her uterus
with his dribbling prick, but his cock was filling her so tightly that the
ridges on it were rubbing her G spot, and sharp jolts of pure ecstasy started to
stab through her belly. In the background, she could hear strange animal sounds
above the heavy breathing of the doctor, but all the sounds blended into one as
her pussy clamped tight onto him and she started to cum. Her head felt it was
going to explode as wave after wave of pure sex jolted her body over and over.
When she felt his cock swell and start to squirt thick bullets of cum direct
into her womb, the pleasure/pain of it just sent her higher and higher.

The hands on her nipples squeezed hard, and the strange hot feeling grew in her
breasts as she felt warm wet trickles run down her skin. Her breasts were
starting to hurt but the cum kept on shaking her over and over, even as a
wrenching pulling sensation in her pusst told her that the doctor was pulling
out.

"FUCK..O FUCK.....O FUCK MEEEEEEEE MOREMOREMOREMORE FUCK ME PLEASE O GOD PLEASE
MOOOOOOORE" The naked 22 year old was jerking and shuddering, sex lubrication
running in a clear slippery stream down to the bud of her asshole.

There was a pressure between her legs, and something hot and slimy jabbed over
and over at the thighs and clitoris before finding the mark and sinking into her
pussy, which clamped onto it. She was aware of a heavy, hairy body above her and
slobber dripping onto her neck, and looked up in horror to see a huge dog face
panting above her. She tried to struggle but its cock was already half way in,
and pushing past the G spot.

The students had watched fascinated as the young girl took the doctor's immense
cock into her belly, seeing it pull out shiny and wet and slightly streaked with
pink as he raped into her body. Her nipples were dark dark pink and standing out
almost an inch long as the drug in her breasts worked on her, and clear liquid
trickled from them even as more trickled from her stretched pussy. When the
doctor pulled out and his trained mastiff, with a weird shaped and dribbling 12
inch penis was lifted between the girl's legs, one of the men started to cum
violently into the sucking mouth of the girl kneeling between his feet. The dog
cock pushed harder and harder, and Helena was yelping like a bitch as the dog
started to fuck her.

Her mind was spinning as she felt the dog slide into her on a stream of it's
master's cum. The dog was squirting little bolts of doggy precum over and over
into his new bitch, and she could feel it burn her insides, way hotter than a
human's precum, and squirting every time the dog thrust, which was so fast it
was blowing her mind. Her cervix was wide open as the beast lodged into her and
started to hump fiercely, scalding her with his juice as he worked to climax.
Helena SCREEEEEAMED as her pussy started to stretch wider and wider, as the
dog's knot started to expand in her pussy. It was as if her pussy was being
ripped up the middle and her toes curled and cramped as she tried to stay
conscious. With a howl, the dog rammed hard and Helena screamed and groaned and
grunted as her uterus walls were coated in massive squirts of rummy, boiling,
dog sperm. She felt 6, 7, 8 more huge squirts and then lost count as the drugs
cut in and she bucked and jerked in a huge orgasm before passing out.

When she woke up, the sore throbbing between her legs and inside her body was a
constant pain. Her breasts felt tight and huge, and likely to split at any
moment. She could feel a warm hard thing blocking her pussy, and a soft warm
slushing feeling inside. Her tummy felt tight too, as if the skin was
stretching.

As the dog had furiously fucked Helena, Mike and his friends had been wanking
themselves. The women had helped with their hands and mouths, and all the cum
had been collected in a large glass cylinder, which contained almost 2 litres of
cum from this night, from previous ones, and from the animals in the yard. This
mixture was now hooked up and slowly being forced into the young woman's pussy,
and her stomach was starting to swell from the pressure in her womb. Tight caps
had been applied to her nipples, which now could not leak, and her breasts were
swelling and going pink, with a maze of blue veins starting to show under the
silky skin.

The doctor had given clear instructions, and as the last of the sperm cocktail
was forced up inside her, they unstrapped Helena and walked her to a different
couch. Her legs would barely hold her, and she looked 5 months pregnant. Clear
streaks down her thighs showed how much she had lubricated, and there were
traces of white showing where some semen had oozed around the plug. She was
mumbling nonsense as the strapped her down again. She was face down on a frame
which was cut to allow her swollen breasts to hang free, and her swollen belly
protruded through a carefully shaped and padded hole. Her legs were stretched
wide apart, and her ass was up in the air. Even as she wondered why...she
understood. There was a whinnying and the sound of hooves on the floor, and in a
mirror she could see a gorgeous bay stallion being led in. It's cock was already
swollen, and hung like a thick black hose, huge around and even huger in length.
It's balls were massive and swinging as he was brought closer and she realised
that it was going to cover her. She opened her mouth to scream..... and hands
held her head as a hard cock was pushed between her lips. She started to gag as
the warm meaty taste filled her mouth, and her pussy started to stretch. The
watchers saw her labia going white as they struggled to take in the black
leathery cock of the horse, and saw the tendons in her legs stand out as the
immense thing replaced the plug so tightly that just a little white froth showed
around the impaling horse cock. They could see the thick pole outlined under the
tight skin of Helena's mound as the beast whinnied and drove it deep into the
squelchy hot insides of the girl, getting more than half the length into her in
one gut wrenching heave that made the girl scream soundlessly around the cock in
her mouth.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  HT


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





