BDSM Library - Away From The Office




Away From The Office
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The cool and efficient Manager becomes something entirely different away from the office.
Away From The Office

I keep a close eye on the time as I sit at my desk, it would not pay to be late
for my appointment. I arrive and enter the apartment at my Masters direction.

I kneel in front of my Master, naked, after removing all of my clothing, at his
command. I stretch my body tall, lean back and pull my shoulders back to allow
him the best view and the best access to my heavy breasts. My breath quickens as
his hands reach out to move roughly over both breasts, I push myself firmly into
his strong hands, wanting him to use me as he desires. His fingers leave my
breast only to be replaced by a hard stinging slap to my right breast. I can't
help a yelp of surprise and pain from escaping me. The first slap is followed by
three of four more to each breast, then my Master sits back and enjoys the site
of his handiwork, my breasts reddened and with his finger marks starkly showing
against the creamy flesh.

I look down and see his fingers reach out and grab my left breast, pulling my
whole body towards him. He grabs the nipple painfully and stretches it out. I
lean forward into his fingers, but he tells me to keep my shoulders back and my
back arched. I can't believe that my nipple will stretch this far. He suddenly
lets it go, but then just as quickly holds it again and rolls it tightly between
his middle finger and thumb, squeezing it, pushing it and pulling it in all
directions. My right breast feels strangely "forgotten" as he pays all his
attention to my left. His head bows down to my breast and he takes as much of my
breast that he can into his greedy mouth. I feel his teeth bite into my soft
flesh, which is greater?? the pain or the pleasure. My brain cannot decide, but
it matters little as it is not my choice to make. He pulls his teeth along by
breast till just the nipple is in his mouth. He sucks on it unmercifully, making
tears come to my eyes.

My hands raise up involuntary to push my Masters mouth away to stop the pain,
but I come to my senses and quickly put them back down at my side. I tell myself
to breath through the pain and think of the pleasure that my Master is enjoying.
As much as my mind cries out stop, my traitorous body is hot with desire. I feel
my juices flowing inside me and know that it is only my labia stopping that
juice from flowing out onto my thighs. The thought of my Master pushing his
fingers into my wet hot hole just makes me crave the pain and pleasure even
more.

He releases his mouth from my tormented nipple and stands up. His hard cock is
clearly visable through his clothing and as it is only inches from my face, I
can't stop myself from leaning forward slightly and letting him brush against my
skin as he moves away. I let out a small involuntary moan of lust, but
thankfully it does not appear that my Master heard me.

He returns to stand behind me, roughly pushing my already spread legs open more.
He releases my hair from its clips and runs his hands through my long hair,
pulling my head back with the pressure. He reaches over my shoulder and clips
nipple clamps to both nipples, admiring the look of the silver against my creamy
breasts. He slaps my breasts and watches the "jewelry" move, the extra movement
is not pleasant on my already tender left nipple. As if this is not enough, he
then attaches my "leash", an article I hate, to the middle of the chain running
between my breasts. The rest of the leash is over my shoulder and he pulls on
it, causing my breasts to lift and the clamps to bite in more...another use for
an already abhorred object!

I hear him kneel behind me and feel his fingernails running down my back to my
buttocks. He pinches and kneads my arse, then without warning plunges two
fingers deep into my wet cunt. I moan with pleasure as I feel him push deep into
me, as far as his thumb joint will allow. My juices coat his fingers and flow
out onto my thighs as he fingers me slowly and steadily. He adds another finger
and another until he has four fingers inside my wet hole, stretching me wider,
soaking his hand in my juice. I move my hips in a circular fashion to take him
deeper into me, but am rewarded by a tug on the leash and a slap on the rump and
am firmly told that "this is for my Masters pleasure and not mine, so to keep
perfectly still".

Oh so hard to do, I want to grind my body onto his hand to take every bit of him
inside me. My stretched cunt wants whatever my Master wants to force into it. It
is so tight, so filled with fingers but my Master tells me he is not happy
enough with four fingers and takes his hand out altogether. I feel bereft, all I
crave is to be filled, stretched, used by Him. "Do you want my whole hand slut?"
he asks. "No!" screams the sensible part of my brain "Yes Yes" cries out the
wanton slut that I become in his presence. He starts with the tips of all his
fingers and I feel myself stretch wider than I can ever remember as with
relenting pressure he pushes his hand inside me. it feels so good, I push my
legs wider open to allow him as much access for his pleasure as I can. It is not
wide enough for him and he forces my legs apart even more. I feel I am splitting
in two, inside and out but you would not know this if you listen to the sounds
of passion that spill from my mouth. My Master fucks me with his hand, pushing
deeper, spreading me with his fingers, taking full possession of his sluts cunt
for his pleasure....................

Thankfully I am allowed to cum, and I do, over and over as he uses me, and then
it is over. He slides his hand out of my stretched hole and looks at where his
hand has come from. He sees a stretched and reddened hole glistening with cum. I
can not move, I have cum so many times I am exhausted and just want to stay
where I am, but my Master has other plans for me.

He tugs on my leash and indicates that he want me to follow him, crawling on all
fours as is only correct for a possession. We move towards the dining room
table.

"So Chimera, can you explain why you took such liberties as to touch me, when
you were not given permission?" he asks, as we reach the table. I can only
answer honestly that I do not. To explain that the urge was so strong that I
could not help myself would not help my cause in any way, so it is better to say
"no Sir".

He pulls on my leash hard, stretching my nipples, making me gasp in pain. "Stand
up and lean forward over the table, NOW!".

I do so as quickly as I can, stretching my body over the table with my hands
above my head. I spread my legs without being told  - when do I ever not have my
legs spread when I am in his control.

He moves away somewhere behind me for a time and then I hear his footsteps
approach the table. Without warning I feel a stinging across my buttocks as he
brings the cane down on my bottom so aptly displayed on the table for just this
use. I cry out in surprise and pain. More blows follow, I loose count after 6.
There is no pleasure, only pain, pain that I deserve for being so disobedient. I
know my Master does not really take pleasure from this act either, but it must
be done. It is his duty.

He tells me to use my hands to pull my cheeks apart, allowing him free access to
the tight hole that he enjoys so much. The stinging sensation of the whipping is
replaced by an intense burning as hot wax runs down the crack of my cheeks and
congeals. Once was hot enough, but the heat builds to an excruciating level when
he peels of the first lot of wax and replaces it with another. MY whole mind is
focussed totally on that area of my body.

Without any warning I feel His thumb push relentlessly into my tight arse,
forcing its way inside me. NO matter how many times my Master uses this hole,
the first penetration is always uncomfortable. His thumb is buried deep inside
me and he rotates his digit to loosen me up for bigger things, moving his thumb
in and out. In the beginning my Master used a lubricant but his sluts body is
trained so well to respond to his touch, no lubricant  is required now. He pulls
his thumb out and immediately replaces it with his hard cock, driving its full
length deep inside me. He pulls my hips back against him as he slides in and out
of me, burying himself as deeply as he can. My tight arse grips his hot cock as
he fucks me over and over. My pain is soon replaced with pleasure and my whole
self is consumed by him fucking me. Nothing else exists apart from feeling
totally filled, completely controlled and owned by my Master.

His pace quickens and he pumps into me harder and faster. I grind my hips back
onto his legs to take everything he offers. My cry of pleasure as I feel his hot
sperm shoots deep inside me is matched by that of my Masters. He keeps pumping
into me until he has nothing left.

The only sound in the room is our ragged breathing.

After some minutes he slides his softened cock out of my well fucked hole and
tells me to dress as he heads for the shower. No such luxury for me, he likes
his sub to stay smelling like a whore, his whore, when she returns to work. I
fix my hair and makeup as best I can.

A quick hug and kiss goodbye is all we have time for before we leave to rejoin
the world that others call "real".

Who would know that the efficient manager sitting in her office, controlling the
functions of the company in a firm but assertive manner is really a submissive
slave with tender nipples, swollen well used holes and her Masters cum dripping
from her arse.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  chimera


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





