BDSM Library - A Life of Slavery




A Life of Slavery
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The complete story of a girl lured into a hot lesbian loving night just to find afterward she would slowly be turned into a slave... a slave that would do ANYTHING. And I mean anything, absolutely anything.
                      A Life of Slavery
-----------------------------------------------------------------
                          by toiletslut

This is a fiction story!!

Part One:
My First Day of Slavery
-----------------------

I was invited to go to Venezuela to make a photographical session (you know I do
porn pictures). The trip was paid by the photographer, so I was really eager to
go there. They told me I'd have to stay at the photographer's house. I didn't
have any complaints, so I agreed. Maybe it would be my chance to get some spicy
action with him.

I travelled to Caracas and was received by the photographer and his girlfriend.
She was very pretty. Blonde, blue eyes, big tits, nice legs and a very nice
looking ass. He was not as good. He looked older, around 50, while she was a
teen or maybe a 20 year-old. I changed my mind and instead of desiring him, I
started to want her badly.

We made a session of photos. Then another one, this time it was with his
girlfriend (her name is Gabriela). Then somehow the photographer realized I
wanted Gabriela. He took me apart and asked me if I wanted to fuck Gabriela and
why. I told him the truth, that I wanted her desperately. He told me he would
let me fuck her only if I agreed to do whatever he wanted. I quickly nodded ok.
Gabriela was too gorgeous to let this opportunity of fucking her go away, and I
supposed accepting to do whatever he wanted meant that he would fuck me. For
Gabriela, I'd let him have me twice!!

The next day, at night, he told her what had happened. She agreed to have sex
with me, she was bisexual too. So we did! I took off her clothes slowly, kissing
her on her neck, on her mouth, entwining our tongues passionately and I also
kissed her breasts and nipples. After I had taken her blouse off, I slid down
her jeans and her stockings. Then I unfastened her bra and threw it to the floor
as I slid down her panties. I kissed her clit and lips. Then it was her turn to
get me naked. She did almost the same to me as I did to her. Then we kissed
passionately. The photographer (his name is Carlos) was watching us, but we
didn't mind. I started to lick her left tit and then I sucked, licked and bit
softly her left nipple. Then I treated the same way her right tit and nipple. I
started to finger her pussy with 2 fingers in, sliding them in and out as she
started to finger my asshole with one finger. My other hand was cupping her left
breast so I could keep kissing, licking and sucking her tit and nipple. Her
other hand went to my pussy and fingered me with 3 fingers.

After a while of this, we got in a 69 position, licking each other pussies and
asses. I licked her pussy, drinked her juices, tongued her cunt, and then I
licked and kissed her ass cheeks and asshole as I slid my tongue inside her
asshole, she started to moan and I did the same as she treated me in the same
way.

We went on all night logn. Both of us enjoyed it very much. It had been the best
girl-fuck for me. And sure hers too. Then, Carlos told me tomorrow would start
my slavery to him and told me he would punish me hard for having fucked his
girlfriend. "Slavery... what does he mean by that??" A chill ran down my spine,
not knowing what to expect.

The next day, I woke up completely naked, chained and gagged. I was handcuffed
behind my back and had also cuffs in my ankles, which were united by a chain. A
cock-gag (it was so thick and long that filled my whole mouth reaching my
throat) was on its place, a collar in my neck with a chain attached to it and a
3-end chain with clamps on the ends that were gripping my nipples and my clit. I
could hardly move. And I couldn't utter a sound. I was left that way for 2 hours
and then Carlos came. He grabbed the chain attached to my collar and forced me
to get down of the bed, almost making me fall. He forced me to bend over and
kiss his feet, holding my head down. Then he grabbed me by my hair and lifted my
head. He blindfolded me with a silk black blindfold. He then pulled the chain
and I followed him down the stairs with tiny steps as not to fall to the floor,
because the chain that united my ankle cuffs was very short.

He led me down, to his secret dungeon. I had't seen it before (and neither this
time because I was blindfolded). He freed my hands but immediately leaded my
wrists up my head cuffing them from a ring in the ceiling. He liberated my
ankles too, but locked them to a metalic spreader bar that made my legs spread
painfully. I was there defenseless at Carlos' mercy.

I started to feel a whip running down my back, reaching my ass and tickling it.
Then I felt a lash on my back. I gasped and gagged with the cock-gag when I
tried to scream in pain. His whipping was really hard. Then came 49 more lashes.
After a few minutes he started to hit my ass with a paddle. He hit me 15 times
and very hard. I was sure I had blood in my back and welts in my ass. Tears were
running down my cheeks and I was sweating.

He took the blindfold off. He told me to see what he was going to do to me now,
and grabbing my hair with his left hand forced me to look down, to my tits. He
took a pen and wrote in my right tit: "This whore's tits are" and then he wrote
in my left tit: "Carlos Baviera's property". Then he told me he would write in
my ass too. I felt him writing there and when he was finished he told me he had
written "This bitch's ass is Carlos Baviera's property". "Then maybe I'll brand
you to mark that you are my property, PIG" he said to me. I wanted to tell him
that he was going too far, but I couldn't talk: the cock-gag didn't let me. I
just cried.

"Now, you won't forget what I'm going to do to you next" he said, and laughed
out loud. He moved behind my back. He grabbed my naked hips with his rough hands
and moved my ass to him. I felt his cock looking for my most private hole. Soon,
he was fucking my ass hard, raping me. "You are wet down there,' he said 'I
think you're enjoying your rape, little slut". He shoved his cock deeper inside
my asshole, painfully. He started to cum and I felt his hot sperm filling up my
asshole. I thought he would never end cumming! He was releasing a strong and
long stream. It felt great and I forgot I was being raped. I was enjoying it.
And I came.

When he satiated, he got his cock out of my aching asshole. "I have drunk a lot,
and I have to pee right now" he told me. He freed my wrists but held them tight,
so I couldn't escape. He obliged me to lay at the cold bare cement floor, and
then cuffed my hands up my head again. He sank his cock into my cunt. It slid
easily, helped by my wetness. I felt surprised when I felt a hot strong stream
coming from his cock and going into my cunt. Soon, I realized what he was doing.
He was peeing inside me!! I fought, trying to pull him off of me, but I was
cuffed tight and I couldn't move. He laughed while I tried to resist. Then I saw
his piss coming out from my cunt, having filled it. He drove his cock to my tits
and nipples and soaked them in piss. Then he drove his stream to my face and
hair. Despite the gag, I swallowed some of it. It tasted very ugly.

He then fastened my collar chain to a ring in the wall and went upstairs,
leaving me there cock-gagged, chained, with no possibility of moving, soaked in
piss and my own juices, with my ass aching hard and a painful spreader bar
locked to my ankles. Not to forget his writings in my tits and ass as well. It
was at this moment when I realized this was no game and I was really being his
slave, absolutely submitted and helpless. I started to cry again, alone and
chained in that dungeon, fearing for my future and life.

After 2 or 3 hours he came back, this time Gabriela was accompanying him. "You
won't eat today, unless you satisfy me completely. Ah! And you'll have to
satisfy Gabriela too" he told me. "She will be taking my place for a while. I'll
leave you with her now".

She was dressed with a leather corset, leather black gloves, black high leather
boots with tall heels, with her tits and nipples exposed. She started talking to
me. "The first thing I'll do is to check the fit of your cunt and asshole.
You'll have to bear this. I'm sure you can, as the whore you are". She again
freed my hands and cuffed them over my head. She got a finger in my cunt. Then
two. "You are wet", she said "that should make this easier". She slid her whole
hand in my cunt. It was very painful. Then she moved her fist inside my cunt. It
was even worse. Then she slid her hand out and inserted a finger in my asshole.
She got her whole hand inside it finger by finger. And moved it too in there. I
tried to scream in pain but I was unable to do that.

"I like your fit. But before fucking you, I'll have to shave your dirty pubic
hair. Whores must be well shaved and clean" she said to me. She took my clamps
off. She got a razor and started to make long sweeping strokes in my bush. Then
she even took care to shave my clit and labia. She went to a hidden wardrobe and
got some toys for me. There were lots of dildoes, vibrators, butt-plugs, straps,
gags, blindfolds, ropes, etc.

She took her panties off. They were visibly soaked. She took my cock-gag off and
I sighed. But she quickly forced her panties in my mouth and then hold it inside
with a leather strap. She lifted my chin and looked me deep directly in my eyes.
"Now, I'm sure you'll enjoy this, slut" she told me. She took a long butt- plug
and got it deep in my asshole. I sighed. This butt-plug had a little loop. She
released my hands and led me to a wall. The wall was bare rock and it scratched
my nude back and ass. She cuffed my hands again together over my head. Then she
held my waist firm with a leather black strap. This strap had buckles in front
of it and behind it. From there another 2 little straps were hanging. She got a
vibrator in me, driving it the whole way in. Then, she got the strap that hanged
behind me and hooked it to the one in front of me. It separated my buttocks and
held the butt-plug and vibrator in my ass and cunt tightly. After that, she
turned the vibrator on. "You better not cum" she told me "if you do, you'll know
who I really am, bitch". After this, she started to suck, lick and bit softly my
nipples.

I couldn't hold my orgasm too long. Soon I was cumming like crazy, thinking it
would never end. I think I had never had an orgasm like that before. Gabriela
got really furious. "Now you've had it. I'm going to make you beg me to stop"
she said to me. She took off the straps, the butt-plug and the vibrator. Then
she uncuffed me and put leather straps on my wrists. These straps had tiny rings
as to put a little padlock to held my wrists together. She did that. Then she
sat down and she made me lay on her knees. She raised her right gloved hand and
started my spanking. She lowered it with astounishing strength to my ass. After
50 strikes she stopped. That was just to grab a paddle and spank me with that. I
let out a muffled scream. I received 25 more strikes, but these were a lot more
painful. I was sobbing and tears bathed my cheeks after the punishment. Then she
started to slide 2 fingers in and out of my wet cunt. She did it until I was
about to cum, and she stopped. Then again. And again. Many times. She rubbed my
clit with her other hand too. After this she started to work at my ass. And
suddenly, she started to spank my cunt. I tried to scream again, but I gagged. I
received 20 more strikes. "You are enjoying this, aren't you, fucking little
whore?" she asked me.

She took a long and thick woodden dildo. It had a little loop as the butt-plug
had. She got a bit of it in my asshole. And she raised her hand and lowered it
hard, striking the dildo and shoving it hard deeper in my asshole very
painfully. More tears ran down my cheeks. She did this two more times and its
whole length was in my asshole. She grabbed the paddle again and stroke it at my
ass 25 more times. "I like the sight of your bright red ass" she told me.

Then she ordered me to stand up, and I did it without hesitation, afraid of what
I could receive if I disobeyed her. She cuffed my padlocked wrists over my head.
"Now you'll be really punished" she said "what I've just done to you was nothing
compared to what's coming up next". "Are you kidding??" I thought. "What the
hell could be worse than 50 paddle strikes and 50 palm strikes in my ass plus
cunt spanking, painful di�do insertion in my asshole and exciting me to cum and
stop just when I was about to do it?".

She got a cat-o-nine tails. It was a whip with nine tails. I shivered just to
look at that terrible thing. "I think I won't punish your ass anymore" she said
"it is too red. This whip will leave you red bloody streaked, and I want to see
them contrasting to your white pure ass. I'll leave it for tomorrow, or the day
after. Now, I'll only whip your back, bitch". She went several feet behind me,
lifted the whip and landed it at my naked back. I couldn't hold the scream, but
my gag muffled it. New tears were dropping. "I'm surprised, slut. Just one lash
has cut your flesh" she said. She took some salt and dropped it in my wound. It
burned like hell and I let out another muffled scream. "But don't think I'm done
with you. You have to be punished. You'll have 9 more lashes, pig" she told me.
She lashed me 9 more times, as she had promised. I almost fainted in pain.

"Your back looks really good. But don't worry, the streakes will heal in a few
days" she told me ironically. "I think I'll let you rest a while for now. If you
are interested, the time is 7:21 PM". I was surprised! I had been 12 hours like
that, submitted and cuffed, defenseless. But I didn't know I would be even a lot
more time like this. Worse humiliations and punishments were awaiting for me.

After an hour or so, I heard steps going downstairs. Gabriela and Carlos were
coming down.

"We have been thinking", Carlos was speaking "we decided that we'll put many
rings in your body. We resolved your first ring will be in the least painful
place of your body. That will help you get used to the piercing and the rings.
The piercing will be in your navel. We'll lead you to the place where I pierce
my slaves". They unfastened all my cuffs, bounds, and straps just leaving my
collar on. They replaced my gag. They took the panties off my mouth and gagged
me with a ball-gag. It was really big, and filled my whole mouth. It was held
tight. Then they bound me wrist to elbow behind me. Then they strapped my arms
to my waist, just behind my tits, caring not to cover my navel. My tits swung
freely. Then I was led to a bare rock pedestal arised a few feet from the floor.
My waist was strapped again as well as my ankles and knees. I was left
absolutely still. My forehead was held by an iron ring. It was very cold. I
couldn't move at all. Not even my head.

He pierced my navel. I only felt it since my head had no possible movement and I
wasn't looking to my waist. Then I felt something circular being pulled by the
tiny holes the piercing had made. When they liberated my head, I immediately
looked at what he had done: I had a 1 inch gold ring in my navel. "We will pull
this ring every time you misbehave or disobey, bitch" Gabriela told me.

Then they got me down of the pedestal and led me to the place where I had been
cuffed previously, and cuffed me the same way. Then they added another toy. They
slipped a leather discipline hood on my head. The only holes it had were for my
nose, so I could breath. I couldn't see, hear or speak.

I was left there a lot of time and then they both came down again. They took out
my hood. "We have had dinner" Carlos said. "I'm mercyful tonight. You'll eat,
but only if you're hungry. Are you hungry, bitch?" I moved my head up and down
saying yes. "Thirsty too?" asked Carlos. I replied affirmatively again. "Ok,
you'll have your dinner and your drink, bitch, but you'll have to suck cock
before. Are you disposed to do that?" I replied again with a yes. He took off my
gag. Then undid my lockings and made me kneel. I was tied again, being still at
the appropiate height to suck his cock.

He got naked and I could see he already had a full erection. It was very thick
and long. It was one of the hugest cock I've ever seen. "You'll have to get all
of my 9" in your mouth, slut" he said. It was going to be a hard work, but at
least I had to try. He got his cock's head closer to my lips and as I was going
to start my sucking motion licking it, he spoke again "One more thing. If I even
feel a slight scrape from your teeth you will regret it". A chill crossed my
back.

His cock was inches away my mouth. I slid my tongue out and started to lick its
cock, with soft flicks. Then I engulfed his cock inside my mouth and slid it in
absorbing it with my lips. It was half-way in. I stopped. I started to lick his
cock's head and the rest of it, soaking it in saliva. I slid it in deeper. Its
tip reached my throat, and I almost gagged. It wasn't as deep as it could go
yet. I slid it a little deeper. It was so deep I could feel his pubic hairs in
my nose and his balls in my chin. I started to suck, driving his cock in and out
of my mouth. Then I started to fuck it with my interior walls, contracting and
expanding them to his cock. I was deep-throating him hard and he was moaning
softly. "Take care of my balls too, bitch" he told me. I started to lick his
balls. I felt they were growing, just about to cum. I realized he'd cum deep in
my throat, and that was what he wanted. After he released an audibly "Aaaahhhhh"
I drove my tongue to his pubic hair. It was the first time I'd lick in that
place. I licked it and I started to suck his dick again. In a few seconds, he
was cumming. His stream was strong and long. I swallowed all I could and then I
felt some of his cum dripping to my neck and tits. He then forced his cock out
of my mouth, still cumming, and drove the stream to my face and hair. Then to my
tits. Then, he was drained.

"Ok, slave, you'll eat. You've satisfied me. And you look so fucking slutty and
dirty with all that spank on your body!" told me Carlos. This was pretended to
humilliate me and make me feel a slut. And it succeded. They untied me and laid
me on the floor. Then cuffed me again, leaving me perfectly still.

"Open your mouth. And don't close it or you'll be punished. It won't be like the
one Gabriela had for you this afternoon. You'll receive a REAL punishment from
me" he said.

I opened my mouth as Gabriela lifted her skirt and lowered her panties. Carlos'
flaccid cock started to pee. His piss went directly to my opened mouth. I drank
it. It was hot and tasted like hell. Then Gabriela started to pee. As she did,
he moved his cock down to my breasts, then to my cunt. She moved to pee in my
hair and face.

"You have had your drink" he said, "now you'll have your dinner. Don't close
your mouth!" Gabriela took her skirt and panties off. She squat down over my
face. Her asshole on my open mouth. Then she started to shit. I felt a turd on
my tongue. I couldn't stand this. But I had no choice. "Don't release the turd!"
Carlos said to Gabriela "close slowly your mouth and cut it off with your teeth,
slut. Don't swallow it. Hold it inside your mouth and munch it, bitch" I did as
I was asked. I cut the turd off. Then muched it. And finally swallowed it. It
was awful. I still don't know how I managed not to vomit.

Gabriela moved to one of my tits. And shit there too. This time not with a turd.
It was fluent, and it covered my whole tit and nipple. Then she did the same
over my clit and pussy. I felt sick just of thinking they were doing this to MY
body.

They were ready to go. They cuffed me spread-eagle to the bare rock floor, put
me nipple clamps and clothespins on my cunt lips. A leather collar that run a
chain to a ring on the wall. A spreader bar was attached to my ankles, a butt
plug with a restraining ring was inserted in my ass and finally they used a
cock-gag and a silk blindfold. They left the dungeon and I felt tired and
sleepy. Soon I was sleeping like an angel, as if nothing had happened that day.

                       End of Part One
                       ---------------




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  toiletslut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





