BDSM Library - Daddy's Darlin'




Daddy's Darlin'
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young girl turns 18, and her daddy shows her what it means to be a woman on their ranch.
Daddy's Darlin'

When I was born, my father had been put in jail for armed robbery, and my
mother, then 23, met my daddy, then 20,  when I was only about 2.  Though he
wasn't my 'real' father, I had always thought of him that way, and he was the
only daddy I knew.  I was just about 12 when my mom walked out on daddy and me. 
She left one summer to go live in the city.  Said she couldn't handle living
such a 'small' life. Daddy and I never heard from her again.  I didn't mind too
much, my mom had always been depressed, and I loved my daddy.  We lived in a
small ranch in Nebraska.  Daddy raised and sold cattle.  We had about 10
farmhands that stayed at the ranch during the week, but other than that it was
just me and daddy. 

Daddy and I had always been close; he had taught me everything I knew.  There
wasn't another school for about 20 miles, and instead of taking the long hot bus
ride into town, I was home schooled.  Occasionally we got together with some of
the other kids on nearby ranches, but as I got older, I really just stayed at
home. 

The day before my 18th birthday, I was so excited.  I would finally be an adult! 
Not that I thought too many things would change, but still, what a great age to
be.  That night, over dinner daddy seemed pretty excited also.  Going on to all
the men that worked for him how his pretty little girl would be a woman, and so
on.  I just sat there blushing, as I could feel constant eyes looking me over. 

I was well-developed, even for my age.  My hair was long, and red, my skin tan
from spending so much time out on the ranch.  My legs were strong from endless
days of horseback riding.  I'd inherited my large breasts from my mother, and I
think my daddy had noticed.  I thought about how lonely he must be out here all
the time, but than my attention turned to the clock as my daddy told me it was
past my bed time. 

"But, dad!" I protested.

"No darlin', you're not 18 yet, and your bedtime is still 10 o'clock."

"Okay daddy..." I sighed, and jumped up from the table and went to give him a
kiss.  "I love you daddy," I said.

"I love you too, pumpkin" He said, and I walked up to my room.  A couple minutes
after I walked away, I heard the men laughing and hollering.  I figured they
were all just getting drunk, and went to bed.

Morning came, and I woke up with a start.  It was already 9am!  I know it was my
birthday, and I was now 18, but daddy would not be happy that I had slept in so
late.  I ran in to the bathroom, and jumped in the shower.  Wanting to be, and
feel, nice and pretty for my 18th birthday, I made sure to clean myself up extra
well.  I shaved my legs, and my underarms, and then I shaved my pussy nice and
clean.  I had seen this in a porn movie I had stolen from one of the ranch hands
once, and had tried it and liked it so, I always shaved there.  I got out of the
shower, and wrapped a towel around me and walked down the hall and into my room. 

I opened my door, closed it behind me, turned around and saw my daddy sitting in
the arm chair across from my bed.  He almost seemed to be crying. "What's wrong
daddy?" I asked

"Nothing darlin'...  You're daddy is just lonely."

"I'm here for you daddy.  Always"

He looked up, smiled at me and winked.  "I know darlin', I know."  "Happy
birthday baby," he continued. 

I smiled at him, sat down on his lap and gave him a big hug.  When I did, the
towel opened a bit exposing the upper parts of my inner thighs.  I didn't think
too much of, but got up and went over to my closet to pick out an outfit. 

Daddy chimed in, "Before you get dressed darlin' I have a little present for
you, the first of many."

"Oh really daddy, thank you!"

He pulled out a thin rectangular box from underneath the armchair.  I quickly
ripped off the wrapping paper, and pulled open the box to find a white cotton
dress, and tiny white g-string panties.  I looked up at my daddy and said thank
you.

"The dress was your mother's, it is yours now.  The panties are just something
pretty I picked up for you in town.  Please, wear them today."

I smiled, and said okay, slipped the dress on over my head, pulling it down over
me before dropping my towel; my wet hair dropping down over my shoulders.  I
then picked up the g-string, and put them on.  I felt so sexy.  My breasts
pressed against the thin cotton fabric making my nipples hard and quite visible. 
Daddy asked me to turn around so he could see how the dress looked.  Standing in
front of the window like I was, with the sun shining through made the fabric
almost sheer. 

Daddy smiled at me and said, "You look beautiful baby girl.  It fits you just
how it fit your mother." 

"Thank you, daddy" I said.

"Now, one more thing," daddy said with a smile.

"What's that daddy?"

"You're birthday spanking.  You have 18 coming."  I looked up at him with a bit
of fright.  "You can take it darlin', I know you can."  He said a he stood up
pulling off his belt.  "Now, bed over the side of your bed there."  I did as he
said.  He walked over to me, and pushed my hair to the side so he could see my
face.  Daddy pulled up the back of my dress, exposing my bare ass cheeks, with
just the thin back of the g-string barely visible.  Daddy leaned down and
whispered in my ear, "Happy Birthday baby, now be a good girl, and count 'em
out."

Mere seconds after he stood back up I felt the first slap of Daddy's belt on my
ass. "OOOOWWWW...." I screamed. "One, daddy."  Again the belt, rained down on my
already aching ass.  "Two, Daddy," I whimpered.  He continued the spanking, and
I continued counting 'em out until we got to the 18th one.  When I said, 18,
daddy, he stopped, and told me to stay right there just like I was.  Daddy went
into my top dresser door, and got my lotion.  He returned and sat beside me
still bent over the side of my bed. 

"You're such a good girl darlin'," Daddy said as he squeezed the cold white
lotion out onto my bright red ass.  It felt so good.  I let out a bit of a moan
as daddy was rubbing the lotion in causing him to pause for just a second before
continuing.   Daddy squeezed more lotion onto my tender ass, and some of it ran
down between my cheeks, and onto the part of the panties covering my pussy. 
Daddy reached his hand down to wipe it up with his finger, and as he did, he
stopped.  Daddy felt around on the fabric of the panties before sliding a finger
under them. 

"My little girl shaves herself smooth, just like her mother."  I started having
a funny feeling in me with daddy's finger there, and I tried to pull away a
little.  Daddy put his hand on my back, and told me to stay right there, he
would take good care of me, and that everything would be okay.  Daddy then stood
up behind me, and pulled the g-string down my legs, and to my ankles; leaving
him face to face with my already wet pussy.

"You seem to be enjoying yourself darlin', now you be a good girl, and daddy's
going to give you another present."  He put his hands up on my ass and squeezed
my cheeks causing me to flinch.  Daddy then pulled my ass cheeks apart, and
slipped his tongue from my asshole to my wet snatch.  I jumped, and moaned at
the same time. 

"Oh, daddy, I screamed."  My legs were now shaking.  He pressed on further,
sliding his tongue down around my clit and licking up into my hole.  I tried to
push away, scared at these things I was feeling for the first time. 

"Be a good girl darlin' and cooperate with your daddy, or you will get another
spanking!"

"Yes, daddy, I'm just scared."

"Its okay baby, I love you."  Daddy pushed his tongue up against my clit again
and I quivered.  "Does daddy's tongue feel good in you darlin'?" 

"Yes daddy" I moaned as I felt his fingers brush against my smooth pussy. 
Daddy's tongue continued working furiously at my clit, as he slowly slid a
finger into my pussy, just a few inches.  He worked that finger back and forth a
few times, before removing it and licking me all over.  He moved his tongue up
to my asshole, and pushed hard.  It hurt a bit, but felt soft and wet.  I moaned
a bit louder, getting close to cumming.  Daddy slid two of his fingers into my
pussy, and pumped them in and out a few times before pressing another finger to
my tight little ass.  I screamed as daddy pushed his finger through the tight
muscles of his ass before it slid in knuckle deep.  The pain and pleasure
scrambled and became grey, and my breathing grew heavy.  His fingers still
pushing at my pussy, daddy slid his finger in and out of my ass slowly at first,
before picking up the pace to match his other fingers.  Suddenly, I jumped and
my body spasmed before I let out a loud moan, and came.

"Oh daddy, oh daddy.... It feels so good.  Yes daddy, thank you daddy."  My
words, loud but barely coherent.  Daddy slid his fingers from my pussy, and kept
sliding the other one in and out of my ass.  He undid his jeans and slid his
pants and boxers down to his knees revealing his huge cock.  It was rock hard
and must have been 8 inches long.  I looked back at him in fear.  Daddy grabbed
his cock with his free hand, and pushed the tip up against my pussy, and pushed
ever so slowly until just the tip was in.

"Now darlin', I know this hurts a little, but you're daddy's good little girl,
and you're going to trust me.  Daddy made you feel good, now you are going to
make daddy feel good."  Sassy pressed his cock into me until he felt a bit of
resistance.  He held himself there, still working his finger in and out of my
ass.  He added a second finger to the mix, and my legs, already soaked with my
own cum, started to shake more. 

"Oh daddy, whatever you want daddy," I moaned.  He pulled his dick back out a
bit, and then slammed the whole of it balls deep into me.  "I screamed out loud,
and daddy quickly pulled his fingers out of my ass, and wrapped his hand around
my mouth. 

"Not too loud darlin'."  I could smell myself on his hand, and he kept it there
as he slid his dick in and out of me.  All I could do was let out a muffled moan
under his hand.  He pumped my pussy faster and harder, and it felt like he was
going to rip me open.  It started to feel good, and I could feel myself close to
cumming again, and I started pushing my ass back onto daddy's cock.  He moved
his hand from my mouth, grabbed my lips and started fucking me harder.  My
breasts bounced roughly each time he slammed himself into me, and I felt my
pussy would split open.  Letting out another loud moan, the muscles in my pussy
started contracting, as I was cumming again.  When my moans quieted down, I
could feel daddy's cock pulsate in me before he let out a grunt, pulled it out
of me, and shot his warm cum out onto my ass. 

Daddy knelt there behind letting out some grunting noises, and heavy breathing
before sitting beside me on the bed.  He picked up my head and pressed his cock
to my mouth. 

"Be a good girl, and clean daddy off."  I parted my lips, and he slid his half
hard dick into my mouth a few times as I flicked my tongue over it trying to get
it clean.  I could taste my own cum mixed with his, and it felt so great, to be
so close to my daddy.  When I was done, I looked up at him, and smiled.  He told
me to get up and sit back on his lap.  I stood up, and my dress slid back down
into place.  My nipples still hard, I sat sown on daddy's lap. 

"Now darlin', you made daddy a very happy man.  I love you baby."

"I love you too daddy, and thank you."

Daddy smiled back at me, and I stood up to go to the bathroom and clean myself
up.  On the way out of my bedroom daddy patted my ass and said, "Get yourself
cleaned up and come down to breakfast."  He stuffed the white g-string panties
into his pocket.  "Just wear that dress today you won't be needing these
panties.  Daddy has many more surprises in store for you today."

Excited, I said, "Thank you daddy!"

"You're welcome, darlin'."




Daddy's Darlin' Ch. 2

After my shower, I went downstairs, and had some breakfast. Daddy seemed to be
in a much better mood then he had ever been. He just sat there on his bar stool
watching me eat, smiling all the while. Daddy told me numerous times how
beautiful I was wearing that thin, white cotton dress that had once been my
mothers. He was just so happy... I don't know if I'd ever seen him that excited.

I finished eating, washed my dishes, and left them to dry on the counter. Daddy
told me that him and I were going on a picnic that afternoon. How fun that would
be I thought. Daddy and I haven't done that for years. Daddy grabbed his
backpack, loaded with sandwiches and other assorted things, and headed for the
door. I slipped on my boots, and followed along after him.

Outside I saw that he already had his horse ready to go. Daddy's horse was a big
black stallion named 'London'. I didn't see my horse though, so I walked over
towards the barn to get him, and Daddy called out to me.

"We're just taking my horse Darlin', you can ride with me like you used to. With
a big smile, I ran back over to where Daddy was, and climbed up on 'London'. It
was a bit awkward since I didn't normally go riding in a dress, but I managed.
Daddy climbed up behind me, put his arms around me, and we headed off down the
road.

The sun was warm, and the fields were clear. It was such a beautiful day. We
were approaching the edge of our ranch, when Daddy slowed down his horse. He
stopped near the fence that marked the property line.

"Darlin' it's such a beautiful day, and I want you to do me a favor."

"Sure Daddy, what do you want me to do?"

"I want you to take off that pretty little dress for me darlin'."

"But Daddy, I'm not wearin' anything else but my boots. What if somebody sees?"

"Nobody will see darlin'. And, if they do, you have such a beautiful body I
don't think they would mind. Don't worry baby, I'll be right here with you." He
started to lift up the bottom of my dress.

"Okay Daddy, if you say so." I lifted the dress over my head, and felt the warm
sun on my skin. Daddy took the dress, and hung it on the fence before riding off
into the open field. I felt a bit strange at first, but I realized quickly
enough. I had sunbathed nude before, but this was a little different. While
riding, daddy kept one hand on the reins, and the other was on my thigh. I
noticed that his hand moved up bit by bit as we rode.

We had a nice talk, about life, and what daddy wanted for me, and just about
everything. It was nice, and I felt closer to my daddy then ever. All the while
daddy moving his hand ever so slightly up my thigh. Still just riding the horse
at a slow pace daddy wrapped his arm holding the reins tightly around me, and
moved his hand from my thigh to m y pussy. Daddy noticed immediately that I was
sopping wet. He gave me a bit of a squeeze, and then started rubbing his finger
around my clit. I was so turned on. Completely naked, and daddy was making me
feel so good. He stopped his horse, wrapped the reins around the saddle horn,
and lifted his now free hand to my left breast. Daddy squeezed tightly, and I
let out a quiet moan. Two of his fingers now planted deep in my pussy, slipping
slowly in and out; while daddy's the pressed and rubbed at my clit. I was going
to cum right there. My moans got louder, and daddy whispered into my ear, "Let
go darlin' you can be as loud as you want. There's nobody out here, nobody will
here you screaming for daddy."

I gave in to daddy's wishes. I let go, and my moans got loud. It felt so good as
he took my nipple in his hand and twisted and squeezed. A lighting bolt of pain
would flash through my body, and then pleasure take its place. I couldn't take
it any longer.

"Oh daddy.... Oh fuck daddy, it feels so good! Oh daddy.... YES, daddy!" I
screamed, and came on his fingers. Still atop daddy's horse, my body lunged and
twisted a bit, and I shivered and shook as wave upon wave of orgasm thrust
through me. "Oh daddy," I said, "That felt so good daddy. Thank you so much."

"You're welcome, darlin', now how about doing daddy a favor?"

"Of course daddy, what do you want me to do?"

"Well, first get off the horse." I climbed down from the horse and stood naked
in front of daddy. My nipples sore, my thighs still soaking wet. "Now, climb
back up here."

"But daddy, you just told me to get down from the horse!" I interrupted.

"Hold your tongue, darlin'!" Daddy said as he unbuttoned his jeans. Well he
pulled the sides of his jeans apart I could see his dick was already huge. "Now,
get back on up here, but this time I want you to face me."

I put my foot in the stirrup and climbed up on the horse backwards. Daddy then
told me to lift up a little, and he put his dick just under my pussy with the
tip just inside my lips. "You're nice and wet baby, just the way daddy wants you
to be." He put his hands on my hips and pushed me down on his huge hard cock.

"Ouch daddy! That hurts!"

"Just give it a second darlin' it will start feeling better. Now I want you to
wrap your legs around daddy's back" I pulled my legs up, and locked my ankles
around his back. Daddy reached around behind me and grabbed the reins in his
hand and summoned the horse to go. We started out slowly walking through the
field, and each time the horse took a step I would bounce just a bit on daddy's
cock. Daddy as right, it did start to feel good. The cool breeze on my back as
we rode along. Daddy gave a nudge to the horse and he picked up the pace making
me literally jump up and down on his cock. At this point I was screaming as we
were at a slow run through the open field.

"Oh daddy, oh daddy, I'm going to cum. Oh daddyyyy....!"

"Hold on darlin' hold on tight to daddy." I wrapped my arms around his neck
tighter, and daddy gave another nudge to the horse causing him to lunge forward
full speed. I came over and over on daddy's cock as I violently was tossed up
and down on his cock. It seemed like forever that this assault continued me
screaming out daddy, and daddy holding back, grunting now and then. His cock
seemed to grow even larger in me, and then I felt it twitch a bit, and daddy
pulled on the reins. The horse came to a quick stop and I was thrust down hard
on daddy's cock just as he shot his cum exploding into me.

"Oh baby, oh fuck darlin', I love you so much. " Daddy hugged me tighter before
picking me up off his cock, and lowering me to the ground. I dropped to my
knees, as my thighs were shaking too bad to stand. Daddy got down from the
horse, walked over to me and told me his dick needed to be cleaned off. I opened
my mouth and gratefully took him in. The taste of my pussy was sweet mixed with
the taste of daddy's cum. I made sure to lick him clean.

"That's a good girl," Daddy said, and walked away to get his backpack. Minutes
later daddy laid down the blanket, and I crawled over and lay face down. He took
out the sandwiches and a couple of beers, and handed me one. I think you're old
enough to drink with your daddy if you want to."

"Thank you, daddy." I opened the beer and took a long drink. I have had beer
before; every once in a while I would sneak one out of the fridge, but daddy
never knew. I ate my sandwich, and daddy ate his, and we talked some more. My
pussy still aching from the pulverizing it took. "Roll over and lay on your
back, darlin'? I did as daddy said, and he took some lotion out of his backpack
and started rubbing it all over my body. He noticed how red my pussy was, and
said, "Let daddy kiss that better for you."

Daddy leaned down and kissed the lips of my pussy before flicking his tongue up
between them. I let out another moan as his tongue slid across my clit and
circled back down to my hole. "Oh daddy," I moaned. Daddy rolled me back over on
my stomach and told me to lift my ass in the air. I arched my back, and lifted
it high as he dug his tongue deeper into my pussy. "MMmmmm, daddy, oooooh
daddy," I said as he licked my aching pussy.

Daddy reached up and put his hands on my ass, pulling my cheeks apart, and then
twirled his tongue around my asshole. I jumped up a bit remember how it had hurt
when daddy had first slipped his finger in there. He dodged his tongue around
licking and slurping at my asshole. Daddy leaned back, grabbed a small tube, and
something else out of his back pack that I couldn't see. After a second, I felt
something, other than daddy's finger pressing against my asshole. I jumped up
quick looking back, and saw that it was a medium-ish black, butt plug. (I had
seen these in catalogues before, but never thought I would actually use one!) I
tried pulling away, but daddy held me tight in my place.

"Daddy, please, that's going to hurt, please daddy, no." He kept pressing it
against my tight little rosebud, the tip just barely pushing in. I screamed
loud.

"Nobody will hear you screamin' darlin', but you go right on ahead. Daddy just
wants to play a while. You'll learn to love it, now just try to relax and it
will feel much better." Daddy pushed the butt plug in my ass about an inch, and
I was squirming and screaming all over the place. It hurt so bad, my little
asshole felt like it was on fire.

"Oh daddy, it hurts!"

"I know baby, you can take it." He pushed it in another inch, and my asshole was
spread wider than ever. He held it there for a while until I quit fighting
against him before pressing on and pushing it another inch deeper into me. Daddy
slipped it back and forth and in and out a bit, and then pressed it wholly into
me, making me scream. He pinned my chest down to the ground, and with my ass
still high in the air I couldn't move. Daddy seemed to be getting a bit angry.

"Now darlin' I told you to relax!" He said and slapped me with his hand hard
across my ass. I yelped again, and tried to calm down but my ass was full, and
my pussy was getting wet. "Calm down now, or I will make you keep that butt plug
in your asshole longer!"

I couldn't help but squirm; my asshole had never been stretched like that. Daddy
sat me up, and made me just sit there on that butt plug.

"It hurts daddy."

"I know darlin', but you're just gonna have to deal with it."

"Oh daddy..."

"We should get heading back to the ranch now, throw this stuff in the backpack
and get ready." Daddy walked over to the horse to give him some water, and I
stood up and went to take out the butt plug. "Don't you dare!" Daddy screamed
and ran over to where I was standing. "Bend over, now!" I bent over, and daddy's
hand smacked down on my ass hard."

"Ooooouch daddy, ouch!" I screamed as he kept spanking my ass.

"You will take that out, only when I tell you to take that out, do you
understand me? Answer me now!" He screamed, as he slapped my ass.

"Yes daddy, yes I understand!"

Daddy stopped spanking me, told me to hurry up, and walked back over to the
horse and climbed on. Still completely naked, ass glowing red, with a butt plug
buried deep inside, I walked around stiffly picking up the stuff and putting it
in the backpack. I got over to the horse, handed daddy his backpack, and climbed
up in front of daddy, this time facing the right way. Daddy grabbed the reins of
the horse, and gave him a smack on the ass and the horse took off running. The
butt plug slammed into my ass harder and harder each time my ass bounced on the
hard leather saddle. I screamed and moaned, and even came a couple times, as
daddy ran the horse back towards the ranch; my ass screaming out with each step.

After a while, daddy slowed down, and I could see our fence with my dress still
hanging on it. My thighs were absolutely soaked, as daddy stopped his horse
right at the fence. He reached out and grabbed my dress, stuffing it in his
backpack.

"What are you doing, daddy?"

"Don't ever question your daddy again darlin', daddy knows what he's doing, and
daddy needs to teach you a lesson. You were a bad girl today when you wouldn't
mind me and calm down. You already got a spanking for it, and now comes your
punishment." Daddy lifted me from the horse, and lowered me, still naked, to the
ground. Now, you will walk back to the ranch, just like that. Do not cover
yourself with anything, and DO NOT take that plug out of your ass. When you get
back to the ranch, see me, and I will take it out for you. Then, you can go get
showered and cleaned up for your party tonight. Do you understand?"

"Yes daddy, but what if some of the guys see me (referring to the ranch hands)?"

"You have a beautiful body darlin', and it should be shared. If any of those men
see you, you act nice, and talk to them just how you normally would. I've spoken
to them. They know what I need them to know. You just do as they say, and
everything will be alright. You don't do as they say, and I WILL here about it."

"Yes, daddy," I said quietly. Daddy then rode his horse off to the ranch,
leaving me there naked, with my ass filled with this butt plug. It was a long
walk back to the ranch, and I think a couple of the guys might have seen me down
the road, but they weren't nearby. They just waved, and I waved back, and kept
walking. When I got back to the ranch, I did run into one of the guys at the
barn. He was a big man, about 6'5" tall, towering abouve my 5'4". He was only
about 2 feet away from me when I noticed him. He looked me up and down, and
smiled.

"Damn girl, you're lookin' mighty fine today. Happy Birthday, I'll be seein' you
tonight at your party."

I smiled back a bit, blushing and embaressed that he had seen me that way even
though he didn't seem to mind. I walked back in the house to find daddy. I found
him in the shower, and I pulled back the door just a bit.

"Daddy, can you please take this out of me now so I can get showered and ready?"

"Sure darlin', just come in the shower with daddy, and I'll take it out. I
pulled off my boots and stepped into the shower. The cool water felt great
against my skin. "Now, bend over and grab your ankles." I did as he said, and he
pulled on the butt plug until it was about half way out, and then pushed it back
in hard. I screamed. He did this several times, before removing it with a 'pop'.
He smacked my ass lightly, told me to get cleaned up, and got out of the shower
taking the plug with him.

I cleaned myself up, shaved everything, grabbed my towel, and headed to my
bedroom. I went in, closing the door behind me. I sat down on my bed, and I laid
back thinking about the days events. My ass still was so sore, my pussy ached,
and my nipples were stiff and hard, still aching from all the fondling. I must
have laid there for a while, and drifted off into a light sleep dreaming of how
my party would be that evening.




Daddy's Darlin' Ch. 3

I awoke as the door slammed open. It was Daddy, and he looked a bit upset.

"What the hell are you doin' Darlin? Get that pretty little ass up and get
yourself dressed!" He threw a little sundress on the bed, and I reached over to
grab it. My body was still sore, and the days events were coming back to me. I
felt like I had slept forever, but it had only been about 40 minutes.

I slipped the dress over my head, and stood in front of the mirror tying the
stings on the front that held it on. I brushed my hair, slipped on some sandals
and headed downstairs. At the bottom of the stairs I could already smell the
barbeque going. I saw a few of the ranch hands around it as I walked out the
door, and saw that most of the men were there, and hanging around the barn. It
seemed there were close to all sixteen of them there.

I walked in the barn looking for daddy, and I noticed it had been cleared out,
and cleaned up. There were a bunch of chairs, and 2 large tables, one with a lot
of presents all over it, and the other was empty except for the red tablecloth.
I saw daddy in the corner talking to a man that I didn't quite recognize at
first. I walked closer and realized it was my step brother Robert. Rob had been
off in the city for about 6 years or so. He was my step daddy's son from his
first marriage. We were close when I was really little, but not so much since he
left.

I approached them, and Rob turned to me and gave me a big hug and said, "Happy
Birthday!"

"Thank you," I said, and noted that we hadn't seen him around for a long time.

"Dad wanted me to be here to help you enjoy your special day," Rob said, and
besides, I just had to see for myself how much my little step-sister had grown
up." He stepped back and looked me up and down. He gave dad a wink and a smile,
and then said he had a gift for me in his car and he had to get it. He walked
off out of the barn, and daddy told me to have a seat, and he pointed at the
chairs set up behind the empty table. I sat down, and a couple of the guys
brought me a plate of food, and they poured a glass of champagne. Daddy made a
toast, and everybody was eating, and drinking, and just having a good time.

When I was done with my food, daddy suggested I open my presents. The table was
cleared in front of me, and the first present was set in front of me. Daddy
stopped me just as I was about to rip into it.

"Now honey, as you open these, keep in mind I gave the guys instructions to give
you gifts that would be appropriate for your blossoming womanhood." I winced at
the word 'womanhood', and not understanding exactly what he meant, I continued
at the present. It was a thin box, in the shape of a small rectangle. I ripped
through the bow, and pulled off the top to find a silky sheer teddy wrapped up
in white tissue paper. My eyes widened and my cheeks reddened as I looked up to
see all eyes on me. Opening this up.

"Stand up darlin', and hold it up so we all can get a peek," daddy said.

I stood up, and held it up to my chest. It was very sheer, and made me feel kind
of sexy to think all these guys were imaging me dressed only in this. Rob handed
me the next one, it was a medium sort of bag, with a few ribbons attached to the
top. There was no tag saying who it was from. I pulled apart the ribbons,
reached in and felt something hard and plastic. I was shocked.

"Pull it out already!" Someone yelled from the back.

I closed my eyes, and pulled this huge vibrating dildo from the bag. Complete
with extra batteries. I was so embarrassed, and set it down quickly. I looked
over and saw daddy smiling. It seemed he was getting a kick out of my
embarrassment. Rob handed me the next present, it was a big square box. I opened
it up, and there were all sorts of things. Oils, and lotions, tons of condoms,
and handcuffs. There was a black silk blindfold, and fuzzy cuffs. There was also
a bar about 2 feet long, and nipple clamps. I explained that there was just too
much to hold up for everyone to see, and daddy said he would put them out on the
table for everyone to look at later.

I opened a few more presents containing small lingerie items, some nipple less,
some crotch less, all tiny. More presents containing more toys, a butt plug,
some anal beads, a couple of porno movies. Everything was sex related. Then
daddy gave me the last box. This one was long and skinny; I opened it to find a
whip of some sort, with a long black handle holding 9 long skinny black leather
strands. Daddy grinned marvelously, and offered me a piece of cake before the
'fun began'. Not sure what he had in mind, I accepted the cake and ate slowly.
All the men were in little groups whispering, and moving the chairs around in a
large circle around the table where I was sitting. Daddy had set out all my
presents on the table where they had been before, and he brought me a few of the
pieces of lingerie.

He leaned down and whispered to me, "Take these, go around the corner, and get
yourself changed. You're going to show these men what a woman you have become
today."

"But, daddy. . ."

"Do, it!" He interrupted, and I grabbed them, and ran off to the side of the
barn. It was dark outside now, and I could barely see what he had given me. I
slipped on the panties under my dress, and felt the coolness of the air on my
pussy lips, and knew they were crotch less. Wasn't much to 'em at all 'cept a
few stings here and there. The other part was a black teddy. It had a bra part
that clasped in the front, and opening where my nipples were. I clipped it
together, and the sheer material only came down far enough to cover half of my
ass. I stood there for a minute trembling. There was no way I could just walk in
there like this.

Just then daddy walked out to find me. He was carrying a short robe with him,
and told me to drape it over my shoulders. I put it on, and he walked me back
into the barn. Every eye was on me. Daddy led me in front of the table, and
faced me towards everybody. He then reached up from behind me and snatched the
robe off my body. My hands instinctively went up to cover my nipples and daddy
pulled them back down to my sides.

"Take a good long look at this young one," he said to the men. I looked around
the room, and I could tell that the men were getting excited. Some were rubbing
themselves through their jeans, some were licking their lips, and all looked
like they wanted a piece of me.

Rob came up to me and sat me down on the table. He pressed his lips against mine
and kissed me deeply. I was quite surprised! That was the last thing in the
world I was expecting. He moved around behind me and started to caress my
shoulders and neck. I was very frightened alone with all these men staring at
me. Then Rob covered my eyes with a dark silk blindfold. It succeeded in cutting
out my vision entirely. I could see nothing but black. I tried to hear what was
going on around me, but heard nothing but some people moving about. I really
couldn't tell who or where.

In a mocking voice I heard Rob say, "Happy Birthday, sis."

Hands grabbed me pulling me up off the table. Now standing, the hands leaned me
over the side of the table. They locked my wrists into some type of soft cuffs
attached to either side of the table. I then felt hands on my ankles. They were
fastening my ankles to cuffs, and my ankles were being held apart by something,
I could not tell what. Horrible things were running through my mind... what were
they going to do to me?

THWACK!

"One!"

THWACK!

"Two!"

Pain jolted me away from my thoughts as burning streaks slapped across my bare
ass. Someone was spanking me with what I could only imagine to be the one I had
received as a present.

THWACK!

"Three!" they shouted.

There was a pause, and noises that seemed like the whip being handed to someone
else.

THWACK!

"Four!" A different voice shouted.

The spanking continued, now even harder than before. I squirmed against my
restraints but with no luck. My ass was burning, and I was screaming with each
slap.

THWACK!

"Five!"

It continued until eighteen. At that point my ass felt like it was on fire.
Although there was a little bit of it that did kind of excite me, I was so glad
they stopped.

Suddenly I felt hands rubbing across my ass. They felt so soothing and gentle. I
could feel a quiver in my pussy, and I knew that I was sopping wet. The hands
continued on my ass, and I felt one move down in between my legs. The fingers
were moving slowly around my pussy making me quiver and squirm.

Here I was bent over, pussy and ass exposed tied to this table in front of all
these men. I had no idea who was doing these things to me, and who wasn't. The
fingers parted my pussy lips and slid deep inside me.

"She's very ready," I heard. The fingers pulled out of my pussy, and moved there
way up a bit to my ass. I tried pulling back but was held motionless. A finger
pushed it's way into my ass and I cried out. It hurt quite a bit as another
finger joined the first and started pumping their way in & out. My screams of
pain were succumbing to the moans of pleasure as I could feel myself ready to
orgasm.

The fingers pulled out of me, and something a bit harder was pushed up against
my asshole. It didn't feel big enough to be a cock, and I figured it was another
butt plug. They worked it inch by inch in and out of my ass. They would pull it
out just a bit and then push it in deeper, and deeper. Finally, they pushed it
entirely into me, when I heard my daddy's voice.

"I think that's enough playing boys." I felt my daddy slide his hand down my
back and slap my ass. Then not but a few seconds later he grabbed my hips and
thrust his cock fully into me.

I screamed, "Owwwww Daddy!" He pumped his cock in and out of me furiously as I
moaned and screamed. My pussy and ass tightening around their invaders with
every pump of his cock. My moaning got louder, I could feel myself getting
close.

"Daddy, daddy, I'm gonna cum." He fucked me harder, and harder. The picture of
all these men standing around watching me get fucked flashed through my mind,
and I came. I screamed and bucked around like one of the wild horses. I came
hard, seconds after that my daddy pulled his cock from my pussy and sprayed his
cum all over my ass. I heard clapping, and a bit of laughter.

Someone wiped his cum from my ass, and proceeded to undo the snaps and clips
that were holding the tiny pieces of clothes I was wearing. In a minute I was
completely naked. Another cock pressed into my pussy. I didn't know who this
was. He fucked me harder than my daddy did. And he slapped my ass repeatedly as
he thrust into me. He came hard, deep in my pussy, and I could feel my writs
being untied from the table.

I was excited that this might finally be over, when my hands were only fastened
to each other, and I was pushed down towards the floor. I landed on something
like an old mattress, and before I could flinch there were hands everywhere.
Grabbing my tits, running down my back, sliding along my pussy. I couldn't even
tell how many men were around me.

A hand tangled itself in my hair and pulled hard on the back of my head pressing
a cock against my lips. I took it in my mouth and I felt fingers moving around
my pussy. The butt plug was pulled out quickly and one of the men got under me
and pulled me on top of his cock. Other hands pressed me down on him, and more
hands grabbed at my hips pressing another cock against my asshole. The cock in
my mouth shoved deep inside, and held my head with my nose pressed against his
thick pubic hair. The cock in my pussy slammed into me, just as the cock at my
asshole pushed into me. I was screaming around the cock in my mouth. It all hurt
so much, and felt so good. They fucked me like this for hours, I could only
imagine taking turns. I lost consciousness several times and they continued.
They were still fucking me when I came around. I came again and again, and the
men had cum all over me. My mouth, pussy, and ass were full of their cum. I felt
so lightheaded, so dizzy. With cocks still in all my holes, hours later, I
passed out for good.

When I woke up, it was still dark. I was still laying on the mattress, I could
feel dry cum in my hair and all over my body. I felt that I was no longer
restrained, and I pulled the blindfold off, and the morning light flooded in. I
could tell the sun was pretty high, and it must be kind of late. I was
completely alone in the barn, but I thought I could hear voices off in the
distance somewhere. I stood up slowly, my body ached everywhere, and looked
around for some clothes. Not finding any, I walked to the door, and slowly
looking around, I ran out towards the house completely naked. I went in, opened
the door, and I walked in on daddy and a bunch of the other men sitting around
the table eating breakfast.

I felt so humiliated. These men had all fucked me silly the night before. Now
here I was standing in front of them still naked and covered in their dried up
cum.

"Have a seat, and with us Darlin'," daddy said.

"But daddy..." I said looking down at myself.

He cut me off, "Sit!"

I sat down and let out a bit of a yelp. My pussy and ass were quite sore. The
men chuckled a bit and I could feel all eyes on me. I ate quickly as the men
made small talk and then asked if I could be excused to go wash up.

"But why darlin' what have you got all over you?" Daddy asked mockingly.

"Cum daddy, I have cum all over me."

The men burst out in laughter, and daddy told me to go wash up, and he would
need to talk to me that afternoon about hat my 'new duties' would be around the
ranch.

I ran up the stairs into my room and jumped in the shower. The water felt so
good washing it all away. I had no idea how I felt about it all. It felt so
good, but I felt humiliated and violated too. I wondered just what daddy would
say my 'new duties' were.




Daddy's Darlin' Ch. 4

After my shower, I went in my room and saw that my dad had left some clothes for
me on the bed. I threw on the tight little white blouse, no bra; short plaid
skirt, no panties, and white knee socks. I then headed back down stairs to look
for daddy. He was nowhere to be found. I thought I heard some noises in the
bathroom, so I went and tapped on the door.

There was no reply, not even a sound. I knocked a bit harder, and hearing
nothing once more, I opened the door. My eyes popped open wide as the door swung
open and I saw my step-brother Rob sitting on the edge of the bathtub full of
water, rubbing his cock. It was huge, and looked rock hard. He looked up at me
standing there, smiled, and kept right on stroking his cock.

"Don't look so surprised sis."

"I... I, I'm not," I stuttered.

"Come here and sit next to me."

"But..."

"Now!" He shouted.

I went and sat next to him on a little step stool beside the bathtub. Rob's cock
was eye level as he sat there stroking it. I was breathing heavy, getting a bit
excited. Rob noticed. He took my hand, and wrapped my fingers around his cock.
He smiled at me as I started sliding my hand back and forth. Rubbing around the
tip, then back down and up his shaft. His cock seemed to grown even bigger.

"Put it in your mouth." He said, and pulled my head towards him. I opened my
mouth wide, and his cock slipped between my lips. I flicked my tongue across the
tip as his cock strained against my lips stretching them wide. I could taste his
pre cum, as I sat there in front of him, sucking and slurping at his cock.

Rob angled his head back, and I could hear that he was enjoying himself, so I
continued sucking with vigor. I was really enjoying it this time. I could feel
my pussy getting wet. Almost as if Rob could read my mind he reached down and
slid his hand up my leg and brushed my pussy. I hadn't worn panties, and he
seemed quite pleased. I let out a soft moan as his fingers parted my pussy lips
and flicked against my clit.

"You're so wet sis, you love it don't you?" I didn't answer, just looked up with
a smile in my eyes and his cock slipping in and out of my mouth.

Rob grabbed my shoulders, pulled me up so I was standing and then started
unbuttoning my shirt. He pulled it open, and my bare breasts popped out. My
nipples instantly hard as the cool air touched them. He took my breasts in his
hands and roughly pushed me against the wall. With my nipples between his
fingers, he squeezed until they ached, and then reached one hand down lifting my
short skirt and grabbed my ass. He crouched down and bit, and I felt the tip of
his cock push against my pussy. He pushed harder, and entered me. He reached
around, grabbed my ass, and pulled me up on his cock.

His cock was in me so deep, my full weight supported by his cock and his hands
on my ass. He pulled back, and slammed his cock up into me. He did this again,
and then got his rhythm going. He was fucking me harder then I'd ever been
fucked. I was screaming out loud, it felt so good, and hurt too. I could feel
his fingers searching for my asshole as he pounded his cock up into me. His
fingers found there mark and one slid up into my tight ass.

"Aggghh!" I screamed.

""You know you love it," he said and pulled me off his cock and set me on the
ground. He grabbed my hair at the back of my head, turned me away from him over
the tub, and pushed me down on my knees with my head just inches above the
water. His hands roamed my ass, and then SMACK!

"Ouch!" I screamed. He laughed just a bit, and then slapped my ass again. I
tried to pull away, but he had me pinned between him and the tub. He pushed my
legs apart with his knees, and slowly slid his cock into my ass. The pain was
excruciating and I bucked and tried to push back, but his cock kept pushing
slowly in.

"Ow Rob, owwww! That hurts!"

"I know." He again grabbed the hair at the back of my head and told me to take a
breath.

"What? Wh..." Was all I got out before he pushed my head down under the water. I
fought back and tried to pull his hands from my hair but it was no use. He
slammed his cock deep in my ass. Struggling for air I still managed to scream
out under the water.

He pulled my head up out of the water and I gasped for air. He slammed into me
again, and let out a growl.

"Breathe!" He again commanded. This time I took a big breath as he again pushed
my head under the water. Slamming his cock in my ass harder and harder. I let
out my breath, and he kept pounding into me. I couldn't breathe and he was
fucking me so hard. Again I struggled to get my head out to the water, but he
held it there steady. When I stopped fighting, he pulled my head up out of the
water, still fucking me in the ass. It seemed like forever that he repeated
this. Every time he pulled my head out of the water I gasped for air not knowing
how long it would be until the next breath.

Again he pushed my head under the water, and this time I could feel him lam hard
and deep into me and then his hot cum shoot deep in my ass. He pushed harder and
harder until his load was spent and then pulled his cock out of my ass. He then
let go of my hair and I pulled my head up out of the water gasping. Rob leaned
down, kissed me on the forehead, grinned and said "That was great." Then he
pulled his jeans up and walked out of the bathroom leaving me soaking wet,
sitting on the floor, blouse open, skirt around my waist, and my step-brothers
cum seeping from my ass.

I managed to get myself cleaned up rather quickly, and walked out into the
living room. I saw daddy sitting on the couch. I was walking a bit funny cause
my ass still hurt. Daddy noticed and snickered a bit.

"I see your brother has already had you doing chores." I smiled. "Come here and
sit on my lap Darlin'. I walked over and sat down gently, my bare ass rubbing
against his rough jeans.

"Well, I told ya that you'd be havin' some new chores around here, and I'm
serious about that. Now that you're a woman, you will be expected to do your
fair share."

"Of course, Daddy," I said.

"However, I realize that you have been raised here on this ranch around men, and
so you never got the benefit of having another woman's influence on you. You
never had another woman to show you the proper ways to act." I nodded. "I've
found a school for you..."

"But, daddy!" I interrupted, "I'm eighteen now! I'm done with school!"

"Don't interrupt your father young lady!" He scolded, "Now, this school is
different then your other school. This is a finishing school of sorts. I've
spoken with them already, and they will teach you all about what your new duties
will be around here. They are a strict school, but I've heard from a couple of
my friends that they have done excellent work with their daughters."

I sat there silent, not knowing what to say. Daddy slipped his hand up under my
skirt and slid his fingers around my smooth pussy.

"I will be taking you to see the school doctor in a while, all the girls have to
see the doctor before enrollment. Then, I will take you to a private orientation
with the head master. I trust you will be on your best behavior, and do what
ever you are told to do. Do you understand?" Daddy flicked his finger rapidly
across my clit as I tried to answer.

"Yes Daddy, I understand." I let out with a whimper. He continued rubbing my
pussy and flicking at my clit.

"That's good Darlin'." He picked up the pace with his fingers, and I started
moaning. My pussy was dripping wet, and I thrusted and grinded against his
finger.

"Oh daddy, that feels so good. . . Oh daddy. . . Oh. . ." I thrashed wildly and
came hard right there on his lap. Breathless, I looked up at him, and said,
"Thank You, Daddy."

"You're welcome Darlin'. Now go get yourself cleaned up so we can go. Those
clothes you're wearing are your new school uniform." I smiled, and went into the
bathroom to clean up. I cleaned myself quickly, and I ran out of the bathroom
and into the kitchen to grab a bite to eat.

"Stop right there Darlin'. The school as requested that you refrain from eating,
and only drink three large glasses of water before the appointment. Also, that
you not use the bathroom until after your appointment."

"Why Daddy?"

"I'm not sure Darlin', but them's the rules."

"Okay Daddy." He poured me a large glass of water, and I drank it up. After I
finished the other two glasses, we headed out in the door, and into the truck. I
could already feel the water I had just drank straining on my bladder.

"How far is it Daddy?"

"Not too far Darlin'. Just about twenty miles or so." That wasn't too far, but
at least half of it would be on a bumpy dirt road. "Unbutton your blouse and let
daddy look at those pretty titty's of yours while we drive there," daddy said
with a smile."

"Yes daddy," I said reluctantly opening my blouse. The sun was warm on my
breasts, and they bounced along the old road as we drove quietly off the ranch
and toward the school.

I couldn't stop thinking about this new school, and what it would be like. I was
a bit frightened. I knew it would have to be somewhere rural, like our ranch as
that was all that was around for a good fifty miles any direction. And this was
my uniform? The skirt barely covered my ass while I was standing, and I'm not
supposed to be wearing panties? What the hell are they going to be teaching me
anyway. And now, I have to go see a doctor? Ugh. . . I hate doctors.




Daddy's Darlin' Ch. 5

The road to this school was quite long and as we pulled up to the school I
couldn't see too much but the front gates. There was a small discreet sign on
the front gate that said 'Summerland Academy'.

The gate opened as we approached, and as we entered they closed behind us. A
large, rough looking man came over from a small booth beside the road and asked
daddy his name. Daddy told the guard who we were, and the guard pointed us up to
the main entrance. We drove up the long road, and parked right up in front. The
school was very beautiful, and rather out of place for being in the middle of
the countryside. The wall were made of stone, and it almost reminded me of a
castle I had seen in a book when I was a child. I slid out of the truck,
carefully trying not to expose myself, and walked towards the door with daddy.

Daddy knocked on the large wooden door, and a moment later a man opened it and
told us to come inside. The man was tall, at least a foot taller than me, and
also looked a bit rough; a lot like the guard down by the gate. He led us
through a large main room and into an empty office.

The office was fairly simple, with a large desk. Two chairs, one on either side
of the desk, a window, some sort of cabinet and another door. The man pointed
over towards the corner where I noticed a roughly 2 feet by two feet square
marked off on the floor. He instructed me to stand in that square, and not move.
I did as he said, and he then had my daddy sit down in the chair. I stood there,
and daddy smiled over at me. Just then, a larger more handsome man walked into
the room. He sat down at the business side of the desk, smiled first at me, then
at daddy and began to speak.

"Hello, my name is Mr. Wherley and I am the headmaster here at Summerland
Academy." He looked towards daddy, "You must be Mr. Addams." Daddy nodded and
reached to shake Mr. Wherley's hand. They shook and Mr. Wherley looked towards
me. He first looked me up and down almost as if inspecting my appearance, and
then said, "You must be Sarah."

"Yes, Mr. Wherley," I said with a hesitant smile.

"While you are here with us you will address me as either Sir, or Headmaster,
and nothing else. Do you understand that Sarah?"

"Yes, Sir," I replied.

"Good." The Headmaster opened up a small file on his desk and seemed to be
reading from it. "I see that you have not yet seen the school doctor. We will go
and take care of that now." He stood up and walked towards the door motioning
for us to follow him. Daddy got up, and I followed them both down one of the big
halls. We got to the end of the hall and Mr. Wherley opened the door to an
examining room and we all went inside.

"The doctor will be here in just a moment," Mr. Wherley said. "Sarah, remove
your clothes and lay down on the table."

I could feel the blood rush from my face, and my head get slightly dizzy. Did he
expect me to just take off my clothes right here?

"NOW!" He barked.

I looked towards daddy and he gave me a look I knew meant to comply. I slowly
unbuttoned my blouse, folded it in front of me and laid it on the counter. I
then reached back behind myself and unzipped the small zipper on the back of my
skirt and let it fall to the floor. I bent over to pick it up and folded it and
set it with my blouse. I was now completely naked, and quite embarrassed. I did
all I could to not make eye contact with the headmaster. I quickly slid up on
the table and tried to cover myself a bit with my hands.

"Arms at your side," the headmaster said. He pulled my left arm to my side and
strapped my wrist down with a small leather strap fastened to the table. He then
did the same with my right wrist.

I was scared, and I looked up towards daddy. He smiled, nodded, and said, "Now
Darlin' you do just what you're told to do, you hear?"

"Yes Daddy," I replied.

The headmaster then walked down to the end of table and pulled up a bright shiny
stirrup. He grabbed my left leg and fastened my ankle into it. He then pulled up
another stirrup and fastened in my right ankle. My legs though up, were at this
point spread only slightly. The headmaster then pushed the stirrups apart so far
that I felt my legs straining. I was completely uncomfortable and completely
vulnerable in this position. The headmaster put his face about 3 inches from my
shaved pussy and smiled.

"What a nice little pussy you have here."

Not knowing what to say, I simply replied, "Thank you Headmaster."

"Very good Sarah, you learn quickly."

Just then the door opened and in came a shorter man wearing a white coat.

"I am Dr. Hunter, he said reaching out his hand toward Daddy. "I will be
examining your daughter today." Dr. Hunter looked me over, and without taking
his eyes off my body he spoke. "We are going to be doing a general physical
examination as well as a gynecological evaluation. We will also be running a
battery of tests to find certain tolerance thresholds."

The doctor slipped on a pair of plastic gloves and stepped over to the side of
the table. He took one of my breasts in his hand and began to push and rub it. I
squirmed a bit but was unable to really move. He then did the same with my other
breast.

"Her breasts seem to be just fine," he said to daddy and the headmaster. He then
walked down to the end of the table and rubbed his finger up and down my pussy.
He pulled my lips back a bit and flicked my clit. He looked up at me and smiled.
I felt so humiliated. He reached into a drawer beside him and pulled out a
rather large shiny metal speculum.

He pressed the speculum against my pussy, and instantly the cold metal sent a
shiver through my body. My nipples instantly went hard as I felt the cold steel
sliding past my clit and deep into my pussy. He opened up the speculum, took out
a long Q-tip and took an ordinary pap smear. He then proceeded to look in the
other drawers for something while my pussy was still wide open. I groaned
slightly as the stimulation and the cold of the room were making me feel a bit
aroused.

All three men turned to look at me. They all smiled. The doctor removed
something from the drawer and returned to the end of the table. He flicked my
clit a few more times and I felt something cold against my asshole. Again I
moaned, and the doctor smiled and slid the cold thing into my ass. Whatever it
was, it hurt and seemed not very fat, but quite long. It was extremely
uncomfortable. He pulled it out, and looked at it closely.

"Her temperature is normal," he said. I was shocked. He had to take my
temperature in my ass? Weren't there other ways to take my temperature?!? He
then closed the speculum and removed it sitting it in a wash basin beside the
table. I sighed thinking my humiliation was over.

The doctor then wheeled over a cart and uncovered it. My eyes grew wide as I
observed many phallic shaped instruments. They were fat, skinny, short, and
long, all different shapes and sizes. The doctor then wheeled a machine to the
side of the table and pulled out a couple of clamps attached to very thin wires.
He attached the clamps to my nipples and I winced at the cold, but they did not
feel too tight.

"Over the course of these tests, the clamps will do a variety of things. First,
they will monitor your reaction to certain stimuli. They will also gradually
tighten, and they will intermittently deliver a very small electrical shock. I
gulped wondering what I was in for.

The doctor walked to the end of the table and picked up one of the medium sized
instruments and slid it into my already wet pussy. I groaned, and I felt the
clamps on my nipples tighten ever so slightly, and then a shock that felt like a
pinch. I moaned again. The doctor took one of the smaller instruments and slid
it into my ass. I convulsed a bit, and was quite aroused. The clamps tightened
again, and my nipples now felt very tingly and almost painful. He jotted some
notes on a clipboard, removed the thing from my pussy and replaced it with a
larger one.

This one felt more painful, and I squirmed as much as I could in the leather
straps. My breathing was heavy, and I knew they could all tell I was getting
excited. The clamps tightened again and I felt a stronger pinch for an instant.
The doctor removed the instrument from my ass and replaced it with a larger one.
This one hurt a lot. My muscles tightened, and I stated moaning uncontrollably.
My head rolled from side to side. Again I felt the pinch of electricity shoot
through my nipples.

I was so close to having an orgasm, but I tried to hold back. I had to hold
back. That would be so embarrassing to cum in front of these strangers while
they were putting me through this. I soon began to realize however that this
seemed to be their intention entirely.

The doctor jotted sown his notes and said, I think we have reached a threshold
in her ass. The headmaster nodded, and the Dr. removed the instrument from my
pussy and picked an even larger one. Again I felt the clamps tighten on my
nipples, and now I felt them burning, and hurting even more so. My moans were
getting louder as he pressed the tip of the instrument against my pussy and
began to push it inside. It felt like it was ripping me open.

I started begging, "No, pleeeease, it huuuurts. Pleeease, no."

"Silence!" Ordered the headmaster.

I tried to remain silent, but could not. I continued moaning louder and louder
as the doctor slid the large instrument in my pussy inch by inch. I felt so
stuffed with my pussy and ass filled.

The doctor reached for his clipboard again, and said, "This threshold has been
reached as well." I was convulsing and squirming around, my nipple stung as I
again felt the pinch of the electricity. The doctor then reached his hand
between my legs and pressed his finger against my clit.

I screamed and pulled against the restraints as my body was overcome with an
orgasm. The men starred intently at me as I thrust around the table moaning and
screaming.

"Orgasm has been attained," the doctor said. He then pulled the instruments
simultaneously from my pussy and ass. I groaned again as I felt it rub pass my
already sensitive clit. He then unattached the clamps from my nipples.

The headmaster walked up to the table and stroked my hair. "I think you are
going to be a remarkable student Sarah, we are very happy to have you at the
Summerland Academy."




Daddy's Darlin' Ch. 6

Still in the doctor's examining room, the headmaster unfastened the straps from
my wrists and ankles. As my feet touched the floor my legs began to shake and I
felt almost as if I would pass out. My head was spinning and I was quite tired.
Mr. Wherley instructed me to get dressed, and said that we would be going back
to his office. I slowly slipped on my skirt, and blouse, and as I did, the
doctor chimed in.

"Just one more thing Miss Addams, will you please bend over the table?" I bent
over and the doctor stepped behind me and pulled up the back of my skirt. A
second later I felt a sharp pinch on my ass and realized I had been given a
shot. The doctor then rubbed my ass a bit where the needle went in, and said
that was all.

As Mr. Wherley led us out the door he explained that the shot was a form of
birth control, and that I would not menstruate for a period of three months. We
stepped back into his office and daddy sat down in the chair he had been sitting
in before. I noticed there was what seemed to be another chair in the room, but
it was covered by a sheet. The headmaster walked over to this chair and pulled
the sheet off. My jaw dropped. It was a regular chair alright, only it had been
fitted with what looked like two dildos. There was a larger one in front, and
about an inch or so behind that there was a smaller dildo.

Mr. Wherley looked towards me and said, "Have a seat." I walked over to the
chair hesitantly, and looked at both daddy and the headmaster. I slowly lowered
my already aching pussy and ass down on the dildos. When my ass touched the seat
of the chair I felt completely stuffed. Both men studied my face for my
reactions, and then the headmaster smiled.

"How do you like the chair, Sarah?"

"It's a little uncomfortable, Sir."

"Yes, I imagine it would be. We call that chair 'the poker' and that is
something you are going to have to get used to. At the Summerland Academy,
anytime you are sitting it will be in a poker. There will be no exceptions. When
you are eating, you will sit on a poker. If you are in a class, you will be
sitting on a poker. Do you understand?"

"Yes, headmaster," I said quietly.

Daddy seemed quite pleased at this point with everything that was going on. I
was a bit scared though. I had only been at this school for a couple of hours,
and I was already aching.

The headmaster spoke with daddy about financial aspects, while my mid drifted. I
heard something about daddy agreeing for me to participate in some sort of
fundraising activities to help defer the cost of the school. He said something
about a monthly auction. At this point the head master turned his attention back
towards me.

"Sarah, you will be enrolled at Summerland for three months. During that time
you will be taught about many things. Most of all, you will be taught to be
thankful and humble. Sometimes, it takes longer to break our students in and
teach them the value of a decent education. With those students, we extend their
stay here, we have had students with us for up to six months."

"Summerland is a very strict school, Sarah," he continued. "We take our
discipline very seriously. You at no time or in any way are allowed to leave the
school grounds unless you are being escorted somewhere under special
circumstances by me. You are at no time allowed to wear any undergarments
whatsoever. And last, you are to do anything any of the staff tells you to
whenever they tell you without question."

"Do you understand these rules Sarah?"

"Yes, Sir," I answered.

"That's great. Now, stand up." I stood up with some hesitation feeling the
dildos slowly pulling out of me. "Okay, now bend over the side of the desk." I
did as he asked, and he reached around and pulled up the back of my skirt. He
looked back towards daddy and began to speak.

"Mr. Addams, I am sure you would like a few moments alone with your daughter to
say goodbye. I will be in the next room. When you are finished, you may show
yourself out, and Sarah, you will take a seat and wait for me to return."

"Thank you very much Mr. Wherley," daddy said. "I am so thrilled to have my
daughter attending your school." They shook hands and the headmaster walked out
of the office.

Daddy stood up and moved around behind me. He stood pressing himself against my
ass. His hands were groping and feeling me up.

"I'm gonna miss you darlin', but I know you are in good hands here." I felt
shifting behind me and figured he was unbuttoning his jeans. "You be sure and be
a good girl. You do everything they tell you to, and make your daddy proud."

"Okay daddy," I yelped as I felt his cock slide deep into my pussy in one quick
stroke. He started pounding at me, and I had to hold on to the sides of the desk
just to stay on my feet. My moans were quite loud, and daddy fucked me hard for
about fifteen minutes. He slowed up a bit, and pulled his dick out of me and
grabbed the back of my hair spinning me around to stuff his cock in my mouth
just as he began to cum. Daddy shot his load deep in my throat, and I coughed
and choked a bit. He gave my ass a smack, and walked out of the room.

I straightened myself up, and had a seat in the chair daddy had been sitting in.
I hadn't sat down but a minute when the headmaster came back into the room.

"Sarah, what do you think you're doing?" The headmaster questioned.

"You told me I should have a seat and wait for you after daddy left, Sir."

"Yes, that is true. I also told you that you were only allowed to sit on the
poker, no exceptions!"

"But. . ."

He cut me off. "Stand up!" I stood up and he grabbed my arm and roughly pulled
me toward the window. "You need to learn how to behave young lady." "Grab that
bar." He pointed to a bar that I hadn't seen before. It was a dark brown, and
made of some sort of wood and it ran horizontally just under the window. The
window was wide open and I could feel the breeze on my skin. Holding on to the
bar I was bent over, just slightly above waist level.

Under no circumstances are you to remove your hands from that bar until I tell
you to," the headmaster grumbled.

"Yes, Sir" I replied. He moved around behind me, and though I couldn't see what
he was doing it seemed like he was looking for something. Fear ran through my
body. After everything so far, what was to happen to me now? I heard the sound
of a cabinet closing and then I felt the headmaster flip up the back of my
skirt.

A moment later I felt the sting of what could only me a riding crop on my ass.
"Spread your legs more!" He shouted. I spread my feet farther from each other,
about two feet apart. Another Thwack! As the crop came down on my inner thigh.

"Farther!" I spread my legs farther. Now probably 4 feet apart, I could feel my
legs straining. Thwack!

"Ooouch!" I screamed as the crop came down on my ass again. About 5 more times
the crop hit my ass and I was sure it must be bleeding. Every slap felt like a
hot knife. The headmaster leaned down a bit and with a hand on either side of my
hips started running my ass. It felt good after the riding crop. I could also
feel his cock through his pants pushing up against my ass. He felt huge.

My pussy was getting wet, and my nipples were already hard. He took one hand and
traced his finger down my ass and to my clit. He then plunged his finger into me
hard and pulled it out just as quick. I screamed and jumped up a bit as he did
this almost letting go of the bar.

"I see you're pussy is sopping wet you little whore." Thwack! I felt the sting
instantly as the tip of the crop made contact with my clit. My knees went week
and I nearly collapsed. Again, Thwack! I was really screaming at this point, and
begging, "No. . . please, please no!" Thwack! Again the crop came down on my
pussy. A tear streamed down my face and there was a pause. The sting was almost
intolerable and I was aching to pull my hands from the bar.

Without any notice I felt the tip of the headmaster's cock plunge deep into my
pussy. I screamed again and put a hand back to try and stop his entry. It was no
use, and Thwack! The crop came down on my back.

"Hands on the bar, slut!" I quickly put my hand back onto the bar and held on
tight as he pounded his huge cock in and out of my pussy. I hadn't seen it, but
his dick must have been at least 9 inches long and probably as thick as my
wrist. Feverishly he slammed his cock balls deep into me. My screams seemed to
be echoing outside.

It was only then that I realized this whole scene could be observed by anybody
who would or had wandered by the window. That realization left quickly though as
the headmaster continued to mercilessly fuck me. I could hear him start to grunt
and I figured it wouldn't be long until he came.

At that moment he pulled his hard pulsating cock out of my pussy and slammed
into my ass. In one full stroke he had his cock deep in my ass. "Stop, no... it
hurt's please, stop! Owwww!" A couple hard thrusts later I could feel him shoot
his load deep in my ass. He pressed in deeper as he came and grunted loudly. He
pulled out and went into the other room without saying anything.

I remained absolutely motionless afraid that if I even moved from that bent over
position or let go of that bar that I would be in for even more punishment. A
short while later the headmaster returned.

"Now, that's a good girl. Exactly how I left you. Perfect. You may stand up and
get yourself together. I stood up and my body was aching. My pussy and ass were
burning from the days harsh activities. I could also feel the headmasters cum
oozing down my thigh. I pulled my skirt down in back and straightened my blouse.

"I'm going to take you to your room now, follow me." He walked out the door and
I followed. We headed back down the large hall daddy and I had come through when
we arrived. We turned this time away from the main door and down a flight of
stairs. I figured we were actually below ground now. We headed down a short
hall, and then a longer one passing many doors. Some of the rooms had very large
windows, almost the size of the entire wall. They all had two beds in them. Some
of the beds were empty, and a couple appeared to have girls in them that were
sleeping. We stopped at a small bathroom that had no door.

"Go ahead and use the restroom now." I went in and used the restroom, also
trying to clean myself up from all the fucking as best I could while the
headmaster was standing there watching me. I finished, and we continued down the
hall.

"We have twenty students here, two girls to each room. All of the girls have
their classes and activities on different schedules. You will probably rarely
see the others unless you have an activity with them. This is your room here."
We reached a room that also had a huge window in front. Anybody passing by could
see anything going on in the room. I followed Mr. Wherley into the room.

"Your roommates name is Kelly. She has been here for about a month, and I'm sure
she will fill you in on the finer points. She is busy right now, and will return
later, I'm sure she will be tired when she gets back, but she should be up and
ready in the morning. If you need to use the restroom, press this button here
next to the door and somebody will come and take you. For now, you go ahead and
get a good night sleep. You will need it." I sat down on the bed.

"I almost forgot, when you are in your room you are to remove your clothes
entirely. Regardless of what you are doing in here, you are not to be wearing
your uniform. You will place it here in this box," he pointed at a box on the
wall that pulled out and led to a chute. He continued, "It leads to the laundry
room where it will be cleaned and returned to you before you need it again.
Understand?"

"Yes, Sir," I said and started unbuttoning my blouse.

"Good, I will leave you then for the time being." The headmaster stepped out of
the room and locked the door behind him. He stood in front of the large window
watching me undress until I put my clothes in the box and then he walked back
down the hall. I tried the door, and it was locked tight. I stood there naked
for a moment, looking around. There were two beds and two dressing cabinets. I
opened up the cabinet next to my bed and there were several pairs of knee socks,
some deodorant, soap and other bathroom supplies, and that was all.

I laid down on the bed and pulled the covers up. I was exhausted and laying here
felt so nice and comfortable and I slowly drifted off to sleep. Sometime later
that evening, the lights all went out leaving me in pitch black. I heard Kelly,
my roommate, come in sometime after that, but I said nothing and went back to
sleep. I too was sure that I would need all the rest I could get to handle this
place.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  FuckDoll


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





