BDSM Library - Slayerettes' Fantasies




Slayerettes' Fantasies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The fantasies of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer characters.
Slayerettes' Fantasies

This isn't really a story - it's more a collection of vingettes, each one about
a different character's  sexual fantasy. Based on the characters from Buffy the
Vampire Slayer. I've tried to stay true to each character's 'character'.
Cordelia and Spike's fantasies would have been from the third season of Buffy.


Willow's fantasy - I am on a bed, in doggy-style position. Tara uses
spreader-bars on my wrists and knees, then licks my pussy until I cum over and
over again. She blindfolds me and leaves. A man kneels behind me and enters my
pussy. His long, thick dick pounds my pussy for hours. I scream and moan and
groan as I cum again and again. Finally, he shoots his warm cum deep inside me
and withdraws. He removes my blindfold and he is Xander.

Xander's fantasy - I am in an Arabian-themed room, with silk curtains and
cushions on the floor. I am nude but proud and confident. Anya, Cordelia, Buffy,
Willow and Tara all lounge around nude. Buffy is kneeling, eyes closed, one hand
squeezing her breasts, the other playing between her legs. "I'm ready for you,
Xander." she says, breathing rapidly. Cordelia reclines on her back, a cushion
under her butt, she is applying lubrication to her secondary hole. "Come on,
Xander, let's do what we never got to do together. Assfuck me, baby." she says.
Willow is laying on her back, knees up and apart. Tara is between her legs,
eating her. Tara rasises her head and beacons to me, "I've got her wet for you,
Xander." Willows begs me to fuck her, "Please, Xander, screw me 'til I scream."
Anya is kneeling over my groin, licking at the base of my dick. She looks up at
me, "Go on, Xander, fuck them." she holds up a dildo, "I'll help you if you
want."

Buffy's fantasy - I come home from a hard night's patrol. I go to my slaves'
room. The sexy black-haired, blue-eyed bad-guy German twins are waiting nude. I
admire their identical buff bodies. I hook my fingers through the metal rings
attached to their black leather collars and draw them towards me . One of them
goes to his knees, and with one hand on each of my asscheeks, he licks at my
cunt. Still holding the other one's collar, I french-kiss him. I let go of his
collar to find his dick. I stroke it. Then I order the one eating me to go lay
on the king-size bed. I straddle him and guide his dick into my cunt. The other
one knows how I like it. While I am riding his brother, he kneels behind me and
greases my butthole. He enters my ass and matches the rhythm of me riding his
brother's dicks. I am in control, yet not. A perfect feeling for cumming. I cum
many times but the brothers wait for my permission to cum. I tell the one under
me to cum first, then as I feel his warm cum inside me, I tell the other one to
cum.

Spike's fantasy - Buffy is curled up in a throne, wearing naughty black lingerie
and watching me punish Angelus and Drusilla. The demon is dangling from the
ceiling, wrists chained. Dru is chained spread-eagle to a metal table. They both
beg for my forgiveness. I light a long red candle and stick the base of it into
Dru's cunt. I pick up a cat'o'nine whip with tiny metal spikes braided into it.
I whip every inch of Angelus' nude body while Buffy cheers and claps. The flame
of the candle is very nearly inside Dru and she screams louder. I put out the
flame and take the remaining part of the candle out of her. Buffy sighs in
regret. I pick up a thick spiked metal dildo, a toy of torture, not sex. I call
Buffy over to the table. She bounces over, happy. I strap the dildo onto her and
pat her ass, telling to screw Dru. She kisses my cock then climbs on top of Dru.
She slaps Dru's pale tits before burying the dildo in her. Dru screams louder
than ever and begins to bleed as the spikes tear up her cunt. Angelus is both
scared and excited by the scent of Dru's blood. I rub some oil onto my cock then
I tie Angelus' cock and balls up into a knot using a piece of twine. He scream
louder than Dru. I bugger him as Buffy rapes Dru. I wonder whose's in more pain
and who'll bleed more, Angelus or Dru.

Tara's fantasy - Buffy stands in the center of an empty room, nude. I flog her
all over her body, paying special attention to her thighs, ass and tits. I stand
behind her closely, humping her to wet each of our cunts. I strap on a large
flesh-coloured dildo and commence fucking her from behind with my arms around
her waist. My hands stray upwards to caress her tits as she screams my name and
cums wildly.

Cordelia's fantasy - Willow and I are alone in the Sunnydale High library. I am
fully clothed but Willow is nude. I suck on her nipples while she strokes my
hair. I sit on a armless high-backed wooden chair and Willow sits in my lap. We
kiss and I caress her breasts with my hands. Then she turns over and presents me
with her plump white ass. I spank her until that pale ass turns red. She does
not complain nor say a word. I tell her to get on the table and she obeys,
laying on her back. I undress and get on top of her, in sixty nine. She grips my
hips with both hands and her tongue slips between my pussy lips. I spread her
thighs and lick her bare pussy lips.


Anya's fantasy - Angel is chained spread-eagle, fully clothed in all black. The
room is dark except for red candles lining the stone walls. I circle him with a
long, black leather whip in my hand. I crack the whip next to him. He is afraid
and excited. I lash him on his shoulder, though I know he won't feel its
intensity through his clothing. I lay the whip on the floor. I unbutton his
satin shirt then tears it off his pale body. I lick his toned abdomen then pick
up the whip. I whip his back and shoulders until I am satisfied with the
appearance of fine red line and his repressed screams and ragged breath. I fling
the whip away and undo his pants. His dick is long and hard. I wrap and fingers
around it and squeeze, gently at first then with increasing pressure. The pain
does not cause him to lose his erection. I take the head of his dick into my
mouth and suck for few seconds while I squeeze his balls. Any unease he may have
felt by my handling of his balls is neutralized by my mouth around his dick.
With the aid of a ladder, I wrap my legs around his neck, my pussy pressing
against his lower face. His tongue works steadily on my clit as my hands explore
the welts on his shoulders. I descend after I cum. His lips glisten with my
juices. I wrap my legs around his hips and guide his dick into me.

Faith's fantasy - There are two beds in the center of a huge otherwise empty
room. The beds are headboard to headboard. Angel is on one, Buffy on the other.
They are both nude and chained the same way. Their wrists are chained together
with one length of chain and another length of chain connects that chain to the
headboard. I sit on Buffy's face and, by pinching her nipples and twisting her
tits, I get her to eat my pussy. After cumming, when my pussy is sufficiently
wet, I go over to Angel. I straddle him backwards and ride him until he cums.
Then I sit on Buffy's face again and get her to clean her lover's cum from my
pussy. I sit between her legs and finger her pussy. I work my entire fist up
her. She whimpers. I fistfuck her, telling her to imagine it's Angel's dick and
calling her a coward, telling her I used to enjoy it myself. I stroke her clit
with my other hand and get her to cum. I go over to Angel and rub his lips with
fingers covered in Buffy's juices. I tell him to clean my hands of his lover's
juices.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





