BDSM Library - Beaches




Beaches
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two college girls on summer break are taught a lesson in obedience by two older women.
Beaches
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(Ff, humil, etc.)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or 
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations.  


(c) 2002 Couture

***********


God, Lauren would you look at the size of that one.  
You know, they shouldn't even make bathing suits under 
a size six."  Tina slurred, before taking another sip 
from her rum and coke.

It was a pretty typical thing for her to say on a 
typical summer afternoon at the beach as we basked in 
the hot glow of the sun.  It was what we had done most 
every day of our summer break as we worked to become, 
not just tan . . . but the goddess's of tan when we 
returned back to school.  Yes, when we returned to 
school, everyone would either want us . . . or want to 
be us.

"Look at him."  Tina nodded toward the surfer coming 
out of the water with his board under his arm.  "What 
a bod and look at the size of his package.  Boy I'd 
like to ride his board."

"You'd like to ride any board," I laughed.

"Bitch.  Oh-my-God-oh-my-God."  Tina patted my brown 
shiny thigh urgently.  

"Never mind.  I thought for a minute there that two 
hundred pounds of cottage cheese was walking down the 
beach, but it is just some fat lady."

I watched the woman turn to look at us in anger.  I 
was thankful the sunglasses hid my eyes.

"Woohoo, boy that woman should be the poster girl for 
those cheese ads.  Look at those thighs.  Jesus!"

I grabbed Tina's rum and coke, opened the top and 
poured the contents in the sand.

"Damn it, Lauren, what'd ja do that for?"

"You're drunk and you're going to get us in trouble."  
I tossed the empty cup in Tina's lap.  "I think she 
heard you."

"So what?  We're dancers.  We could kick da' shit out 
of her fat ass."  Tina turned the cup up over her 
mouth and was rewarded by a drop or two of the 
leftover rum and coke.

"Fuck, I am like so goddamn thirsty I could almost 
drink that nasty ass ocean water."

"Go ahead."

"Shit, you know I love the beach, but I hate the 
fuckin' water.  Did you know that when you flush a 
toilet," she pointed out at the blue-green expanse of 
water.  "That's were it ends up.  Pretty ain't it.  
The world's biggest fucking toilet bowl.  She reached 
into my beach bag, without asking.  "You have any 
water left?"  

Her hand came out with my empty water bottle.  

"That's all that's left," I said.

"Come on Lauren.  Let's get outta here.  Go make some 
drinks or something."

"Okay, let me jump in the water to cool down for a 
minute."  I walked down to the water and waded in.  It 
was cold, but felt wonderful.  I leaned back to dunk 
my head beneath the small waves and wondered why was 
it that when you lay out, the heat seems to 
concentrate in your head?

By the time I got back, Tina had already packed our 
stuff up.  "Come on, let's go.  I've got to piss like 
a race horse," she said.

"Just go in the water.  That's what I do."

"Jesus, you're sick . . . and that is exactly why I 
don't go in the water."

We walked toward the public beach house.  Well, ran 
was more like it.  No matter how much time we spent at 
the beach, hot sand was still hot sand; you're feet 
could never get used to it.  I bore the pain for as 
long as I could, but finally, I couldn't stand it any 
more.

"Wait, Tina, I've got to put my flops on."

"Gotta go.  Meet me in the bathroom."  

She ran from her knees down, with her thighs pressed 
tightly together.  I giggled at how silly she looked 
trying to hold in the contents of her bladder.  I 
slipped my feet into my flip flops.  

I trudged along in the deep sand, until I arrived at 
the bathhouse.  It was a good thing she wanted to go 
here, because by now, I had to pee too.  I opened the 
door, the outrageous sight causing me to drop my beach 
bag and gasp in shock.

There, crying helplessly on the floor was my friend 
Tina and sitting astride her with a hand clasped over 
her mouth, the woman she had referred to as 'Cottage 
Cheese Thighs."  

"Tina?" I gasped.

The woman turned to look at me.  "There's the other 
one.  Get her."

An unseen opponent grabbed me on either side of my 
tiny polka dotted bikini bottoms.  I screamed and 
struggled in outrage, but my bottoms were pulled up 
painfully in my crotch until I was balancing on my tip 
toes.  "Ow-ow-ow-please," I begged.

"Are you going to be quiet?" the woman holding me 
asked.

"-yes."

"Are you going to cooperate?"

The spandex bikini bottom had become a knife in my 
pussy.  Of fucking course I was going to cooperate.  
"-yes."

She eased off on the pressure, but not enough so that 
I could come off my toes.  I reached down to remove 
the fabric bunched up in the cleft between my lips.  

"No bitch.  Get those paws on top of your head." 

I obeyed.  Feeling more helpless than I had in my 
life.  The hands holding my bikini switched from the 
sides to the front and back.

"Now what's your name little girl?" Cheese Thighs 
asked.

"Lauren."  My bikini lowered a little more.  However, 
my sigh of relief turned into a gasp, as the fabric 
began to travel back and forth over my labia.

"And hers?"

"It's-ah-it's-ah Tina."  I couldn't believe it.  The 
fabric was stimulating me and I was getting aroused.  
I gazed down at my rock hard nipples poking through 
the thin bikini top and wished the woman was holding 
her hand over Tina's eyes instead of her mouth.

"And listen closely to this next part now Lauren, 
because this is very important," she said.  "Are you 
listening, Lauren?"

"y-yes."  I think I may have moaned it.  I wanted to 
curl up and die.

"Yes, ma'am," she corrected.

"Mm-yes-ma'am."  My attacker grew more aggressive and 
the fabric sped in its travels up and down my soaking 
sex.

"Yes, ma'am what?"

"Ah-yes, ma'am, I'm ah listening ma'am."  I could see 
Tina's wide-open eyes out of the corner of my vision.  
I looked away, to avoid them.  I couldn't bear the 
embarrassment.

"Good, now tell me Lauren.  Does your foul-mouthed 
little friend usually say nasty things about other 
women?"

I looked down at Tina's eyes, begging me for silence.  
Begging me to lie.

"Don't look at her.  She can't help you now.  Look at 
me."

I looked at the powerful older woman.  It was 
difficult to hold her fierce gaze.

"Answer my question."

"Yes, ma'am, she does."  

April moaned into the woman's hand.  She renewed her 
struggles, but the woman just bounced up and down a 
few times on Tina's chest and soon my friend quieted 
again.

"But she usually doesn't say it so loud ma'am.  She 
had too much to drink."  I tried to help where I 
could, but I felt myself compelled to tell the truth.

"What's wrong Lauren, you look flushed.  Are you 
feeling well?"

"Ah-it's ah-hot." I lied.  The truth was; I was hot.  
I prayed I hadn't soaked through my bikini.

Her look turned angry.

"It's ugh hot ma'am," I said quickly.

The cloth suddenly jerked up harshly several times, 
leaving me once again balanced on my tip-toes.  "Oh!" 
I gasped with every sharp tug.

"What's hot, Lauren?   And you better tell me the 
goddamn truth!"

I looked down at my swollen sex.  My cunt lips were 
fat and divided by the fabric of my bikini, which had 
disappeared in the folds of my pussy.   My shiny tan 
thighs were stained by my juices.

"My pussy ma'am.  My pussy is hot."  Of its own 
volition, my pelvis began to buck in time with the 
jerks.

"Take off your suit."

"What?" I gasped in disbelief.

"Didn't I tell you to listen carefully bitch?"

"Yes, ma'am."  Oh God, my pussy was making wet 
smacking sounds as the fabric pulled and tugged 
between my thick lips.

"Take off the bitch's suit and give it a flush."

"No wait!" 

The woman behind me undid the knots holding my bikini 
together.  After that, she simply tugged it out of my 
hands, as I struggled to shield my nakedness.  I tried 
to follow her and stop her, but she easily overpowered 
me, tossed my bikini in the toilet and flushed.  I 
watched helplessly as it spun around and disappeared 
down the drain.  Shit, I was fucked now.  Big time.

"Are you going to listen carefully from now on, 
Lauren?"

"Yes, ma'am."  This game, if it could be called that, 
had suddenly gotten even more serious.

"Good.  Move your hands out of the way.  I want to see 
this body you are so proud of."

I reluctantly lowered my hands, though I kept my legs 
close together as best I could.

"Nice tan bitch, but I want a show.  Gale, oil her 
down so she can give us a good show."

I huddled against the wall, as Gale approached me with 
a bottle of tanning oil.  "Please, don't hurt me." I 
begged the woman.

"Don't worry.  I promise we won't touch you a bit if 
you do as we say."  Cottage Cheese thighs said.

Gale opened the bottle and squirted it on my stomach 
and thighs.  "Rub it in."

I did as she requested, trying my best to keep up as 
she liberally dumped the contents on my body.

"Get down on your knees and keep rubbing it in bitch.  
Give us a good show."

Next, she squirted it on my breasts.  "Do a good job 
on them nipples now.  Do a real good job."

I could see they were getting turned on, and wondered 
what Tina must be thinking seeing me behave like some 
sort of trained slut.  I bit my tongue to keep from 
moaning as I messaged my hard nipples.

"That's good.  Get down on your hands and knees and 
face the other way."

I did has she commanded.  I must have looked like a 
wanton whore, as aroused as I was in such a position.

"Now, if you know what is good for you, you better not 
spill a drop."

"Yes, ma'am."

Then she began to allow a small stream of the oil to 
escape from the bottle and drip down to my ass.  I 
reached a hand back and rubbed it onto my bottom to 
keep it from dripping.  Soon my bottom was coated, but 
the flow of oil didn't stop.  There was nothing to do 
but to force it into my already soaked cunt.  It's 
shlurping sounds causing me to blush.

But still the oil dripped down.  

"I think you better think of somewhere else to put 
it," she warned.

Gale's heavy breathing caused me to look up.  Her 
fingers were busy beneath her bikini bottom.  God, she 
couldn't mean it could she?  I felt the oil drop down 
on my tightly clenched pucker in answer.  I didn't 
have time to think about it, I just moaned loudly, as 
I plunged my slick finger in. 

"Look at her Glenda.  Look at her do it."

There I was, down on my hands and knees on the 
bathroom floor, fucking my asshole with my finger in 
front of two strange women and my best friend.  
Goddamn her, why did she have to open her big mouth at 
the beach?

I was moaning out loud and I could feel my orgasm 
approach.  Oh Jesus, it was going to be *big*.  I 
plunged another finger in my cunt and sped up the 
pace.

In response, she kicked my hand out of the way.  
"That's enough slut."  She had to grab it forcefully 
to get me to stop.  "I said stop."

At the time, I wanted nothing more than to finish.  
Only Tina's watching presence caused me to stop.

"That's a girl.  Now get on up.  No, don't cover up.  
As a matter of fact, spread yourself for me.  Show me 
the pink stuff."

I stood in front of my captors, legs spread like a 
slut, and doing my best to keep my labia held open 
with my slick oily fingers.  I had been defeated.  
They knew it and I knew it.  From the look in her 
eyes, Tina knew it too.

"How does it feel to have such a hot body now, 
Lauren?"

"N-not so good ma'am.  It feels embarrassing."

"Tell me, would you like to have a bathing suit to 
cover up with?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Well, since your friend caused you to lose yours, I 
think it's only fair for you to have hers.  Don't 
you?"

This was the easiest question so far.  "Yes ma'am."

"Then come over here and get it."

She stood up, letting Tina go free.  She tried to 
flee.  Oh no you don't bitch, you're not going 
anywhere.  I grabbed at her, but my hands and body 
were too slick from the oil, so I grabbed a handful of 
her hair and forced her down on her back.

"No, Lauren, please. . ." she begged.

"Fuck you Tina," I said.

"Help!"

I borrowed a move I had seen Glenda perform.  I lifted 
up and sat back down on Tina's stomach with force, 
driving the air form her lungs.

"Help," she tried again, but it was no more than a 
whisper.  I repeated it.  

"Please-"

"Shut up."  I bounced again.  This was actually quite 
fun.  This time she was quiet.  She breathed raggedly 
trying her best to catch her breath.  She ceased to 
struggle.  I had won.

Gale and Glenda clapped in approval.  "Way to go, 
Lauren.  Now, why don't you show us what she looks 
like naked.

I reached down and pulled down on Tina's bikini 
bottoms.  

"Please," she begged.

I don't know what possessed me.  Well, actually I do 
know.  The feeling of my aroused cunt sliding around 
on Tina's chest made me do it.  I slid back and 
smothered her face with my ass and cunt.  "Are you 
going to shut up?"  I waited for her answer, but 
realized she was unable to in her current situation.  
"Nod your head if you understand."

She nodded her head, causing her nose to slip back and 
forth between my nether lips.  I whimpered in response 
and looked up to see the reaction from Gale and 
Glenda.  They smiled back at me wickedly.  As a matter 
of fact, Glenda was working one of Gale's nipples with 
one hand and another was down her bikini bottoms.

"I said nod if you can understand." I barked down at 
Tina.  It was then, I made a new discovery . . . I 
loved this.

Her pert nose bobbed up and down, pleasuring me.  

I lifted up and allowed her to breath. "Okay, now kick 
your bottoms off."  When she didn't obey quickly 
enough, I sat back down on her face.  

Soon she was squirming on the dirty tile floor, as she 
attempted to wiggle out of her bikini bottoms.  She 
put on at least as good a show as I did earlier.  I 
looked down and could see the cause of her hesitance.  
She was wet and aroused.  Her tiny pink pearl peaked 
out from between her moist aroused lips.

Glenda noticed this immediately.  "I see someone has 
been a naughty girl, hasn't she Lauren?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Is your friend a slut?"

"I think so, ma'am."

"Spread her so we can see for sure."

"Yes, ma'am."

Tina had shaved her bikini area into a tight triangle 
as I had, but where I was bare on my mons, hers was 
covered by hair.  I grabbed it and pulled, opening 
her.  I pulled harder until she moaned in pain.  "Open 
your legs Tina."

Tina's legs opened, spreading her flower.  Her nectar 
gushed forth from the delicate organs within.

"Yes, she is definitely a slut.  Let's see her top 
now."

I turned around and slid down Tina's stomach until our 
crotches rubbed delightfully together.  Oh God, I 
wanted her.  I looked down at her face, which she 
turned away to avoid my stare.    I pinched her 
nipples, causing her crotch to rise up and grind 
against my own.  I noticed the top was thickly padded.  
Much thicker than I first thought.  I grabbed her 
bikini top and lifted.  

"C'mon Tina.  Lift up."

She cupped her hands over her breasts, holding her 
top.

"You know you deserve this.  This is all your fault."

"Not my top.  Please," she begged, first to me and 
then to Glenda.  Her arms lifted and the heavily 
padded top soon followed.  

Her breasts were small.  Tiny.

The two women burst out in laughter and I gaped.  Tina 
began to cry.

"I can see why she makes fun of other woman now.  She 
looks like a boy."

They came in for a closer look.  "Look at her.  Jesus, 
my daughter had bigger tits at age seven."

"And such tiny nipples too.  Move your hand girl, so I 
can touch it."

Tina blushed crimson red.  Crying, she reluctantly 
moved her hand off her chest.

Gale tweaked the dime sized pink disc, causing Tina to 
moan loudly and buck beneath me.

"Jesus, did you see that Glenda?"

"Do it again, Gale."

She did it again for and even stronger reaction.

"Maybe she's got all those nerves condensed down in 
those two tiny nipples," suggested Glenda.

"Don't you dare so much as twitch this time Tina or 
should I call you Tiny Tina."

She teased Tina's small nipple, first going around it 
in slow circles, before moving to the other one. 
Tina's face wrinkled in concentration.  Gale's fingers 
grew more insistent, lightly pinching both nipples.

"Ahhh," Tina moaned, unable to control her desires.  
Gale stood up and walked back over to Glenda.  She 
held up the Tina's bikini.

"You want this bikini, Laurel?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Tell me.  Have you ever had a lesbian experience?"

I hesitated.  I almost lied, but I couldn't risk the 
suit.  "Yes."

"What happened?"

"One of my friends was sleeping over and we were 
talking about boys.  She pulled up her nightshirt and 
started to masturbate.  Then she asked me to do the 
same.  I was scared a first, but I pulled down my 
panties and played with myself too.  I never invited 
her over again."

"Did it turn you one when you were watching her?"

"Yes."

"Good.  Now, you'll understand why I want to watch 
your friend lick you down there and if you want this 
bikini, you'll get her to do it."

Oh God!  

Tina struggled to get out from under me at those 
words.  "N-No, please.  Don't do it Laurel."

My well oiled body slipped over top of her easily and 
I pinned her arms beneath my legs.  She was still 
struggling, so I settled back down on her face.  The 
feel of her nose and cheeks, sliding across my wet sex 
was indescribable and I didn't want it to end.  But 
Tina had to breathe.

I lifted up.  "Are you going to behave?"

"Yes," Tina gasped.

I reached down and tweaked her tiny nipples.  "You 
know we need that suit."  I pinched on nipple and then 
alternated to the other.  Back and forth.  Her lean 
stomach quivered in response.

"Come on Tina.  It's all up to you now.  Come on . . . 
do it."  

Gale and Glenda's hands were busy in the bottom of 
each other bikinis.  I saw Gale whisper something in 
Glenda's ear causing the woman to smile and look below 
me.

Then I felt it; the tiniest touch of Tina's tongue on 
my sex.   "That's it Tina.  You can do it.  Don't 
worry, I'll never tell a soul."

 This seemed to be what was holding her back.  She 
licked me up and down my hot groove, dancing her 
tongue over my pink flower.  

"It won't be long now baby.  Suck my clit."

She sucked my little nub into her mouth and beat her 
tongue over it.  I could feel the sharp pangs of 
pleasure emanate from deep in my cunt.

"That's it baby.  Stick you nose in my cunt.  Oh shit, 
fuck me with your nose."

I looked back up and Gale and Glenda.  Glenda's top 
was pulled down and Gale was sucking on a large pink 
nipple.  Both their bikini bottoms lay at their feet, 
and each woman was busy thrusting several fingers in 
the other's sex.  Glenda looked at me knowingly and 
she tossed Tina's bikini to me.

I could pick it up and leave now, I realized.  But I 
couldn't leave now, not with the pleasure Tina was 
giving me down below.

"Faster Tina.  Oh my teeny tiny Tina.  Oh God, I'm so 
fucking close."

She slurped as she sucked harder at my clit.  Her 
tongue kept up its steady beat on my clit, 
persistently searching for my orgasm.  She found it 
and it rushed forth, escaping my cunt.

I sat back on Tina's face and humped my hips.  My body 
spasmed, dancing in orgasm in front of our two 
captures.  It was an orgasm like no other.

Afterwards, I was dazed as I came down from the 
pleasure high.  I reached forward and picked up the 
suit and realized that Tina was still licking me.

Glenda held up the keys to my car and jangled them.   
"Do you want these?"

"Yes - ah yes, ma'am."  After the orgasm, I was 
suddenly acutely aware of my own nakedness and longed 
to cover myself up, but I needed to finish this first.  
I needed those keys.

"Then I want you to piss.  I want you to piss and I 
want your small-chested friend to drink it."

 Dear God, I had never imagined such a thing.  Who 
could conceive of such an idea?  It was disgusting and 
an utter perversion, but for some reason it filled me 
with a sudden sense of power.  

"Please Laurel, I'm begging you.  Please don't do this 
to me," Tina whimpered.

I was overcome by guilt.  Even if she could be a bitch 
sometimes, she was my best friend.  I had already had 
an orgasm at her expense and now I was asking her to 
humiliate herself even further.  

We needed the car, but not that bad.  I got off of 
Tina's chest and helped her sit up.

"Shhh, it's okay Tina.  I'll walk home and break a 
window if I have to.  I'll bring some extra clothes 
back for you.  All you have to do is hide out here and 
keep out of sight for an hour or so.   Okay?"

I hugged her and turned to Glenda.  "We're not gonna 
do it.   You can keep the keys." 

I patted Tina on the back.  "Just hang loose and hide 
in a stall or something.  I'll be back in an hour or 
so."  I tried to pull away, but she held me tightly.

"Please don't leave me," Tina said.  

"They have the car keys," I said.

"You won't tell anyone will you?" she whispered in my 
ear.

It took a few seconds for it to sink in.  She was 
going to do it.  She wanted to do it.

"No.  Never.  I promise."

"Okay . .  . do it."

The two women had dressed by now and were getting 
ready to leave.  "Wait," I said stopping them.  "Ah-
she said that um.  Ah-she said she wants to do it."

Glenda smiled broadly and nudged Gale in the ribs.  
"She wants to do what?"

I shrugged my shoulders, blushed, and looked at Tina 
to answer, but she was no help at all.  She was 
blushing even more than I was and staring intently at 
the floor.

"She wants to do what, Laurel?  Answer me."

Oh God, she was going to make me say it.  I looked 
over to see Tina blushing with shame.  "She wants to 
drink my pee."

They walked over closer.  "Well, what are you waiting 
for?"

I helped Tina lay back down.  The two women were 
standing right there, fully clothed, looking down at 
us.  This was so much more humiliating than before, I 
could only imagine what Tina must be feeling right 
now.  

I straddled Tina, this time I was facing her so I 
could see her face.  I could have done it the other 
way, but I won't lie, I wanted to see her expression 
when I did it.  

Tina eyes darted from Gale, to Glenda, and then to me.  
Her face colored dark red and she screwed her eyes 
shut.

"Come on Tina, open your eyes," I said.   "It's okay."  

She did and she was trying very hard no to look at my 
sex or my eyes, but it was impossible to do so. 

"Now you're going to have to open your mouth okay."

She did it hesitantly, but not wide enough.  "Come on 
Tina.  You know you're going to have to open it wider 
than that."

She closed her eyes and opened her mouth as wide as 
she could.  

"That's good Tina.  I'm sitting down now, okay?  There 
you go.  Now close your lips to make a seal."

She did.  I felt her gulp in anticipation.  "Open your 
eyes now Tina.   Once for yes.  Twice means no.  
Okay?"

She opened her eyes and blinked once.  Yes, I know I 
could have had her tap her hand on my thigh or any 
number of other things.  But, I wanted to watch her.  
I wanted to have an excuse to look in her eyes while I 
gave her my water.

"Okay Tina, are you ready for it?"

She blinked once.

I relaxed and tried to let go, but nothing flowed.  
Every now and again Tina's tongue would touch my vulva 
and cause me to tense up.  

"Tina, I can't pee while you are touching me with your 
tongue, okay?"

One blink.

"I'm going to try it again.  Are you ready for me to 
pee now?"

One blink.

It felt like everyone was waiting for me to pee and I 
couldn't do it.  No matter how much I wanted to.  

"Ma'am, will you turn water on in the sink?" I asked.

Glenda turned the water on.  I could feel it now.  I 
needed to go bad.  I just needed to relax.  

I imagined being back on the beach and in the ocean.  
It didn't feel right to just let go in my bathing 
suit, but I just relaxed and let the warm feeling flow 
into my bikini.  I looked down at Tina's wide-eyed 
look of surprise.  I was pissing.  I was pissing in 
her mouth.

She gulped to keep up with the flow.  A little was 
dribbling down her cheeks.

"Are you okay?" I asked.  

One blink.

"It's not too fast is it?"

 One blink and then she closed her eyes, still gulping 
to keep up with the flow.  I pulled her hair out of 
the way as best I could.

As good as it feels to pee in the water, there was no 
comparison to the feeling of peeing in someone's 
mouth.  The utter decadence, combined with the feeling 
of overwhelming power was so strong I could swim in 
it.  I was in heaven.

"Oh Tina," I moaned as my flow ebbed.  Too early, I 
squeezed out the remaining drops.  I would have given 
anything; I would have even given back the suit or the 
keys in order to go just a minute more.

I opened my eyes and remembered where I was.  The two 
women were gone, but they left the suit and keys as 
promised.  I groaned and got off of Tina and helped 
her stand.  

She stood there, covering her nakedness with her 
hands, not speaking, and looking at her wiggling toes.  
I put on her bathing suit.  The padding top looked 
silly on my chest, but it would do.  

I picked up the keys and headed for the door.  

"Wait.  What about me?" Tina asked in a frightened 
tone.

"I'm just going to get the car.  I'll drive up here 
and you can jump in the car without being seen.  Hey, 
use some toilet paper and make yourself something to 
wear."

I ran to get the car.  The black asphalt was blazing 
hot without sandals.  I unlocked it and wound down the 
windows, before driving back to pick up Tina.

I saw her peeking out the bathroom door, when I pulled 
up.  I reached over and opened the door.  She emerged 
from the bathroom in an outfit composed entirely of 
toilet paper she had wrapped around herself.  I was 
impressed with her ingenuity.  At least until she 
began to unravel as she ran to the car.
 
By the time Tina jumped in the car, she was holding 
the toilet paper against her body with her hands.  

"Here, let me help."  I pretended to help; looping the 
toilet paper back on her tiny breasts and watching it 
fall back down again.

"Poor thing, you don't have enough up there to hold it 
up."

She turned a bright red and covered her nipples up 
with her hands.  I drove her home, enjoying the 
leering stares of other drivers and Tina's discomfort.  
I noticed the tears welling in her eyes and it made me 
feel guilty I had taken such pleasure at her expense.

"Laurel ah- you're not going to tell anyone are you," 
she asked.

"Of course not," I said.  "We'll forget it ever 
happened if you want to."

"I would like that."

"Then that's what we'll do."

I wasn't able to forget though.  After we got home, 
Tina put some clothes on and never talked about the 
incident, but it had marked her, just as it had marked 
me.  She got much quieter and she didn't want to go 
out and certainly not back to the beach.  

As for me, I started having fantasies about *that 
day*.  Dreaming of Tina and her small breasts; dreams 
that started with kissing and cuddling, but descended 
into a depravity of domination and submission.  I 
couldn't forget and I didn't want to and I felt guilty 
because of it.  I mean here I was, supposedly Tina's 
best friend and I took sexual pleasure in dreams of 
her submission to me, but that all changed one morning 
when I remembered something I had failed to think of 
before.

 The next morning, when Tina got out of the shower, I 
said, "Come on, we're going to the beach."

"I don't feel like it today," she whined.

"I didn't ask if you felt like it.  We're going and 
that's final.  Now go get changed."

I smiled as she walked obediently to her bedroom.  
Just like I thought, this was working out perfectly.  

I walked into my bedroom and stripped off my clothes.  
Then I picked up a bag of stuff I had bought for this 
occasion.  Taking out a bottle of baby oil, I squirted 
some into my hand and slathered it all over my body.  
Idly playing with my nipples and sex, I waited until I 
heard Tina rustling around in the kitchen before I 
made my move.

"Hey, Tina, I want to show you something."

She jumped from being snuck up on, and her mouth 
opened in shock when she saw my shiny slick naked 
body.  

"Check out this suit," I said.  I held up the white 
suit, showing her the small top and thong bottom.  
"Isn't it sexy?"

"Jesus, Laurel, there's nothing to it."

"I know.  Look how thin it is." I placed the top 
against my bare breast, displaying my nipple through 
the thin fabric.  "Can you just imagine how this will 
look when it's wet?"

She glanced down at my newly shaved sex, before 
looking back at my face.  Yes, she was right; my pink 
lips would show through too.  I had caught her 
stealing glances there since I showed up in the 
kitchen.

Tina's hands shook as she put ice in her drink.  She 
had to start over several times before she could 
speak.  "Ah-I don't think I can go with you if you're 
going wear that."

"It's way too small for me anyway.  See?"  I shook my 
shoulders causing my breasts to pop out of the too 
small top I held against them.  "No, this suit is for 
you."

She laughed, but then grew scared when she saw I was 
serious.  She made a break for it and tried to run 
past me.

I caught her easily and pulled her to the kitchen 
floor.  In short order, I stripped her of her top and 
had her bikini bottom around her knees.  She still 
struggled, but it only served to make me hotter as her 
skin slid against my well oiled denuded sex.  I shaved 
it the night after the beach incident, when I learned 
just how sensual it felt for bare skin to slide 
against bare skin.

I trapped her arms beneath my legs and sat down on her 
face.  I rocked there, slowly rotating my hips, 
bringing myself off.  Every once and awhile I could 
hear her muffled pleas.  It was just as I had imagined 
it.  I enjoyed the sensual feeling of every contour of 
her face as it caressed and explored my sex for quite 
awhile.  Eventually, I slid down to her chest and 
turned around so that I could look at her.

"Please, Laurel."  She pushed feebly at me with her 
arms.  

I grabbed them and put them back beside her head.  
"Keep them there.  I mean it."  My look told her I 
meant it and she obeyed.

"You know Tina; you've been a very naughty little girl 
for the last week or so."  I began to grind my cunt 
against her chest while I talked.  "Did you know that 
every time I look at you, it makes my little 
firecracker want to explode?  And then you give me 
your little hang dog look and make me feel guilty 
about what happened to you at the beach.  Make me feel 
guilty about my feelings for you.  Guilty about the 
things I want to do *to you*." 

"Things like this."

I maneuvered my pussy until my clit was just above her 
dime sized nipple then I ground my larger little nub 
against her smaller one.  I gasped in pleasure.  "Oh 
God, see what you've made me miss."

She started to tremble underneath me.  I could her 
soft whimpering sounds coming from her nose.

"Such bad little girl.  Fighting against me, acting 
like I was making you do it."  I moved back up, until 
I was straddling her face.  I dipped my pussy down 
until my pink lips touched her red lips.  I lifted up 
and then bobbed back down, stopping just an inch away 
from her mouth.  She was so close; I could feel her 
hot breath against my sex.

And then I could feel her lips, followed by her 
tongue.

"That my girl. That's my Tiny-Tina, but first, open 
your mouth for me.  Wider.  That's it; make a saddle 
for me to sit in."

I sat down, my sex cradled by her open mouth.  "Mmmm, 
but no licking.  I can't relax while you are doing 
that."

She got a panicked look on her face, when she realized 
what my intentions were.  Her arms darted up to grab 
my thighs.

"No!  Put them back," I said.  "Right now."

She reluctantly released me and put her arms back 
beside her head.   She trembled underneath me, her 
eyes darting like a fearful little deer.  

"And then do you know what I realized Tina?  Do you 
know what I realized my beautiful tiny-titted slut?"

Unable to speak, she shrugged her shoulders, her flesh 
squeaking on the linoleum floor.

"I remembered you have always been stronger than me.  
You could have stopped me at any time if you wanted 
to.  Even now."

She closed her eyes and a tear trailed down her cheek.

"Open your eyes Tina.  That's my girl.  As soon as I 
realized this, I knew that you must have wanted it.  
You wanted everything that happened to you.  Just like 
you want this . . ."

This time, I had no trouble relaxing.  

**************

Then End

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the 
author.  Your comments are their only payment.  
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is 
copyright with all rights reserved by its author 
unless explicitly indicated.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





