BDSM Library - Foreign




Foreign
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She fantasized about making love with her lovely Asian neighbors. She got more than she wanted: to see the spanking play of her neighbor's two daughter. She had her turn very soon.
                    Foreign by deirdre

   I lay there awake, staring at the dark ceiling.  I was stunned,
wondering at myself, not believing it.  I had been almost asleep
when I awoke with a start, an image in my mind.  Jessica.

   A female!  And that's not all--a teenager!  This wasn't me. 
Happily married and completely hetro.  Not that there is anything
wrong with being gay, but...

   Jessica lived next door.  I had invited her mother, Su Li over
for a swim that same afternoon.  The Li's are very nice and I had
wondered why I didn't have them over more often.  We enjoyed the
summer weather, swimming and so forth, but the image that came back
to me that night was from after our swim.  We had just come back in
the house and Su Li told her daughter to change.  I offered her a
bedroom, but her mother said she could change right there.  Right
in front of us, Jessica stripped off her one-piece suit, dried
herself and pulled on a sundress.  I was a little taken aback but
didn't worry about it too much.

   But that night as I was falling asleep, there was that image:
Jessica naked, her smooth, slender brown body right in front of her
mother and me.  And I dreamed she looked up, right at me, stood up
and stared.  I almost detected a hint of a smile, but then her
expression just stayed blank.  I couldn't *believe* I had these
thoughts in my head!

   The next time I had them over for a swim, I was nervous at
first. Jessica was wearing her usual, modest one-piece suit (as was
her mother), and I swam a bit and soon was over my worry. 
Everything was as before except I did catch myself watching Jessica
a couple of times.  She did have this smooth little body--just a
touch of baby fat to round it out.  I shook myself and managed to
avoid making a fool of myself.

   When we were done, I wondered whether things would happen like
the previous time.  Something inside of me wanted to see Jessica
again.  But the other part of my mind won out and I managed to
avoid being anywhere a similar situation could arise.  After they
left, I collapsed in a chair, feeling exhausted, and wondered some
more about myself.

   The next time they came, Jessica's older sister from college
came with them.  Her name was Hannah and she didn't look that much
different than Jessica.  But unlike her sister, she was wearing one
of the skimpiest bikinis I'd ever seen in person!

   She was like a magnet to my eyes, but I was *very* careful not
to stare.  Thoughts ran through my mind: Hannah was older and it
would be *all right* if she and I had sex.  Such thoughts!  I'm
married, with no plans of divorce or cheating!  It wouldn't be the
least bit *all right*!

   It was all right if I *thought* about having sex with Hannah. 
I snuck a peek at her--her body was so delicious, the bikini thong
barely covering her rear.  I shivered again at having such
thoughts, but I *was* a bit more comfortable with the idea of
simply fantasizing about Hannah.  I had to be so careful not to let
on.

   I lay in bed that night, staring at the dark ceiling again.  I
thought of Jessica and Hannah.  Both.  I made myself think of
Hannah.  I imagined her changing the way I watched Jessica change. 
Her mother telling her to do it, right there in front of me.

   The next morning, Hannah was at my door.  I invited her in,
wondering what brought her.

   "You like Asians don't you?"

   I stood there confused for a second.  Then I started to protest
in a confused way that I certainly had no prejudices against
Asians.

   "No!  I mean we turn you on!"

   "Hannah!  If your mother..."

   "You can't hide it!  I've discovered that lots of guys get
really turned on by Asian girls and lots of *girls* are too!  I can
spot it a mile away now.  I saw you: Jessica *definitely* turns you
on, and I do too. Does my mother turn you on too?"

   "I don't know where you get..."

   "Would you like me to tell Mom about your lust for Jessica?"  I
was dumbfounded.  Then I realized my panic was showing.  "Oh," she
went on, "now you feel you've revealed yourself, but I was 100%
sure in any case."  She giggled at me.  "You like Asians, *even* if
they're little girls!  Maybe *especially* if they're little girls!"

   "I..., I don't *do* anything..." I stammered.  What was I going
to do?

   "Here," she said, "Here's a picture of Jessica trying on my
bikini." She handed me a polaroid snapshot.  I stared at it. 
Jessica was posing and it was hardly covering her.  "Oh, you can
have it," she added.

   "I don't want it." I said.  I didn't make a move to give it back
to her. My mouth was saying one thing, but my hands weren't
following along.  Hannah smirked, making no move to take it from
me.  We just stood there.

   "Well, I'll see you around," she said, smiling at me.  She left,
leaving me there, holding the snapshot.  I looked at it again. 
Jessica didn't look so innocent posing in the bikini.  It was so
tiny.  She was so sexy!  How could this be happening to me?

   I put the snapshot in my purse, but I found myself looking it at
once in a while all day.  That night I imagined Jessica in that
bikini, taking it off.  My fingers worked my clitoris.  My husband
lay there asleep.  I came, silently.

   In the morning, Hannah was at my door again.

   "I've got another picture for you," she said, smirking.  It was
Jessica, *nude*!  I stared at it, not touching it.  She was
standing, her body facing mostly away from the camera, but looking
back over her shoulder at the camera, with a slight smile on her
face.  I couldn't take my eyes off it.  Her rear.

   "I don't want it!"

   "Yes, you do!  Just keep it in a safe place."  She looked around
and found my purse, opened it and put the picture in it.  I didn't
move. She pulled out the other snapshot of Jessica in the bikini
and grinned at me, and put it back.  I could have died right there.

   "You know," she went on, "Jessica and I play some... *games*"  
She had this sly smile on her face as she waited for me to respond. 
I still stood there, mute.  She finally went on: "*Spanking*
games."  I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  My body was
getting excited. "Can you envision Jessica getting spanked?...
You're going to come play with us."

   "No!"  I finally blurted out.

   "Oh yes you will, or Mom will hear about your... private
feelings! Mom's going out this afternoon--come over at 2PM.  Walk
in and find us... *quietly*!"

   "I can't do this."  My breath was so tight, it came out barely
more than a whisper.

   "Oh, but you *have* to."  She had this gleeful smile on her face
now. "See you at 2," she said as she went back out the front door.

   I was a wreck the rest of the morning.  I couldn't eat lunch. 
Part of me was scared to death.  But part of me couldn't wait.  I
sat, staring out the window.  I paced, which I never do.  I watched
the clock.  I couldn't pay attention to any reading or anything.

   The front door was open.  I walked in and no one was in the
living room.  The house was absolutely spotless and shoes were
lined up at the front door.  I took off my shoes.  I walked down
the hall and looked in a bedroom, then another.

   There they were!  Hannah was sitting on a chair, and Jessica was
face down, over her knees!  Jessica was blindfolded.  Hannah had
her finger over her mouth for me to be quiet.  She lifted up
Jessica's dress and pulled down her panties.  I stared, not
believing what I was seeing.  Then she smacked Jessica's bottom
with her hand. Jessica gave a muffled gasp, but didn't do anything
else.  Hannah spanked her over and over again, and Jessica's hands
finally flew to cover her rear.

   "Get your hands away or it'll be *more*!"  Hannah said.  I
couldn't believe she could make her voice so stern!  She waited,
and Jessica finally tentatively removed her hands.  "Ten more," she
said.  She smacked Jessica some more... my mind couldn't help but
count out the ten ... then she said, "Stand up!"  Jessica stood,
still blindfolded. "Take off your clothes!"  Jessica did it.  I
stared as she pulled her dress over her head, revealing her panties
and bra.  She quickly unhooked her bra, dropped it on the floor,
and then stepped out of her panties.

   I was seeing her again!  I couldn't believe it.  I was so
excited.  She just stood there, blindfolded, waiting.  Hannah
quietly motioned me to come over.  I was like a statue.  She came
quietly and grabbed my hand and pulled me to the chair and sat me
down in it.  Then she went and took Jessica's hand.

   "Come with me," she said, to Jessica.  She drew Jessica to me
standing her right next to my thighs, then went around me and drew
Jessica down over my knees.  Then she knelt behind my shoulder.  I
could tell she was trying not to let on that there was a third
person present.  She whispered in my ear very quietly "Spank her!"

   I looked down.  Jessica's little body over my knee, completely
nude. I was being forced to spank her.  I couldn't do it.

   Hannah spanked her a couple of times.  "Now *you* do it, *or
else*!" she whispered.  I brought my hand down on Jessica's rear. 
Probably not as hard as Hannah had.  "Good girl," she whispered in
my ear, "harder now."  I spanked her some more, but probably not
much harder.

   Then Hannah grabbed my arm and stopped me.  Then she reached
down between Jessica's legs!  I saw her fingers working.  Jessica
squirmed a little, and I could tell she was getting excited.  But
she stayed there, not trying to get away or anything.  Hannah, with
her other hand took my left hand and put it on Jessica's neck, sort
of holding her down.  She continued to work Jessica's cunt with her
fingers.  Jessica breathed heavier.  I could hear her getting
closer.  I knew she would come in a second.

   "Now! Spank her!  As *hard* as you *can*!"  Hannah whispered in
my ear.  I guess I didn't move fast enough because in a second,
Hannah had grabbed my right hand and tried to smack Jessica with
it.  She gave up and gave Jessica two hard smacks herself, and then
thrust my hand between Jessica's legs!  I felt as she came, her
body now writhing.

   I watched and watched as Jessica spent herself, and finally just
lay there limp.  Then Hannah ordered her to stand up.  Then,
Jessica still in blindfolds, she drew her by the hand out of the
room.  I vaguely heard her in the distance ordering Jessica to
stand until further notice.

   Hannah was back.  I was still sitting.  She stripped, quickly. 
I stared--I'd never seen her nude before.  She looked a lot like
Jessica but her breasts were more pronounced.  She went to a
dresser and opened a drawer and pulled out a couple of things.  One
was a leather belt and the other was *handcuffs!*  I sat there,
mesmerized.  She came over and gave me the belt and then put a
string with a key around my neck.  Then she clicked the handcuffs
around one of her wrists and facing away from me, holding her hands
behind her, told me to click them shut on the other wrist.  I did
it.  Then she lay over my knees and told me to use the belt on her,
as hard as I could!

   "Do it!  Now!  Quickly!"  I finally swung at her.  "Harder!  As
hard as you can!"  I did it again and started doing it harder.  She
gasped and then said "Stop!"

   She got up and told me to go get her blouse.  Then she told me
to stuff it in her mouth, as much as I could.  "Then whip me as
hard as you can.  At least fifty times!"  Then she stood there with
her mouth open.  I stuffed it in and she was instantly using her
head to sign me to sit back down.  Then she was over my lap again. 
I couldn't believe this was happening.

   I whipped her, and gaining confidence, whipped her harder.  Then
I remembered to count.  I figured I'd whipped her at least ten
times and then counted out forty.  She was squirming all over the
place and trying to yell through the gag, but she didn't get up.

   Then I was done.  I stopped whipping her.  She lay there and I
wondered what to do.  Finger her?  How could my mind become so
wicked?

   Then she slid off and kneeled in front of me.  I pulled the
blouse out of her mouth.  She didn't say anything--she looked
exhausted, but she turned around so her handcuffs were toward me. 
I unlocked them. She stood up and went over to the dresser and
leaned forward against it, resting.  She still looked exhausted. 
"Now it's your turn," she finally said.

   Once again, it was like I was waking up from a dream.  *I* was
going to be spanked.  She walked over to me.  "Don't be shy," she
said with a little grin and she pulled me off the chair.  She drew
me by the hand out of the bedroom and down to the basement.  She
led me through a furnished room, through a door to a rougher room
with a cement floor and unfinished walls.

   "Strip!" she said.  She had turned around and was facing me. 
Still nude.  Once again I wasn't fast enough to suit her and she
went on, "Come now," she said with a little smile, "you're
committed now and it's your turn."  Then she walked up and started
unbuttoning my blouse.  I put my hands on her wrists.  To stop her? 
I didn't--my hands just went along for the ride as she moved down
the buttons. She was so close to me.  No closer than when I whipped
her, but now she was standing nude in front of me, taking off my
clothes!

   She backed up.  "You finish."  I slowly took off my blouse.  She
still watched.  I started unzipping my pants and took them off. 
She still watched me, her arms folded, a little smile on her face. 
After another little pause, I took off my bra and panties.

   She went to a shelf and got something.  She wrapped it around my
wrist--some kind of restraint, but it was soft.  It attached with
velcro.  Then she attached a small rope to each one and then got a
stool and looped the ropes through two hooks in one of the beams.
Then she pulled the ropes till my arms were sticking straight up
and pulled until I was standing exactly centered under the hooks
with my arms taught.  What had I let myself in for?  She hooked the
ropes around what looked like a boat tie on the wall, leaving me
there, standing.  Then she went and got a couple of rags.  She
stuffed one in my mouth and use the other one to tie it in.

   "Now we're ready," she said.  And she knelt in front of me and
started fingering me!  She fingered my clitoris with one hand and
softly caressed the sides of my cunt with her other hand!  I was
wet.  She looked up at me and smiled.  I felt excitement growing in
me.

   I was breathing harder and getting closer.  She stopped, got up
and walked out.  I was facing away from the door but I heard her
going through the house.

   What was I doing here?  I thought abour her Mom coming home and
catching me!  This was incredible--just that same morning I *never*
would have guessed anything like this might happen to me.  I heard
her return.  She was wearing her bikini.  Jessica was with her, but
was behind me.  I twisted around to see--Jessica was wearing her
one-piece bathing suit.

   Hannah knelt in front of me again.  "Now your *real* training
begins," she said with a grin.  She reached and touched me again,
working me back into the same state I was in before.  She stopped
again.

   "I'm going to get you as close to coming as I can," she said,
looking up at me.  "Then I'll keep you there till you shake your
head yes.  Then Jessica will use the belt on you and I'll make you
come."  Where did she *get* such ideas?  I'd never *heard* of such
a thing!  "After we do this a few times," she went on, "you'll
learn to *anticipate* the whipping," she said and she grinned at
me.

   She was fingering me again!  I was so close!  Then she just used
one finger to slowly caress the sides of my cunt.  She *almost*
entered. That's all she did!  I couldn't *stand* it, I was *so*
close.  She looked up at me as she kept up her slow torture.  "Do
you want me to *lick* you?" she asked?  Something touched my rear. 
Jessica.  The belt?  Hannah took her finger away and pantomimed a
kiss towards my cunt.  Then she returned her finger.  "Ready?" she
asked again.

   I shook my head yes.  Pain suddenly seared through my rear. 
Hannah leaned down and pushed her tongue into my cunt, then started
licking my clitoris.  Pain again!  I couldn't *believe* the feeling
of Hannah licking me!  I writhed there, standing up, hanging from
my wrists!  I can't describe it, I had *never* come like that
before!

   I was left hanging by my wrists.  Hannah stood in front of me
and got a little stool so her head was level with mine.  She put
her head close and smiled.

   "That was just the *beginning*, my little dear," she said.  I
found my footing.  She knelt in front of me again, gave me a coy
smile and started fingering me again!

   I had so many orgasms that afternoon!  I couldn't believe it--my
body was ready again and again, even when I felt exhausted!  It was
always the same: they brought me close, and when I gave them a nod,
Hannah licked me and Jessica used the strap on my rear!  After a
while, Hannah would wait a bit after Jessica started--a few
seconds--but they were so exquisite!

   Finally they released me.  Jessica left and Hannah stayed with
me while I dressed, still in that obscene bikini.  She came up the
stairs with me.  I noticed a clock--it was 4PM.  Hannah looked
happy-- radiant almost--and I still felt a tug in my heart for her.

   "A few more sessions like that, and you'll *really* be
something," she said and she pulled me down by the neck and kissed
me on the lips.  "Tomorrow at 2PM," she said and she left, leaving
me to let myself out.

   I was exhausted that evening and ended up begging my husband to
go out to eat.  After that, we watched TV but I couldn't get into
it and later, I ended up staring at the dark ceiling again.

   But the next morning I felt more normal.  I worked around the
house, doing some cleaning up, though I did feel something like a
zombie, just going through the motions.  I kept looking at the
clock.  I was both anticipating and dreading the passage of time.

   Hannah met me at the door.  There were two other people in the
living room--a young woman, probably in her early twenties,
possibly in college; and an oriental lady.  I couldn't tell how old
she was.  Hannah invited me in to sit down.  Jessica was no where
to be seen.  I figured they had received unexpected visitors.

   Hannah introduced us.  The young woman's name was Jennifer and
the oriental woman's name was Grace.  Jennifer was absolutely
beautiful, like a model except that she was more petite--no taller
than the oriental women.  She had long, light brown hair.  I looked
at Grace again.  She had her own kind of beauty--she had that
*ageless oriental* look.  They were both dressed in summer dresses
as was Hannah.

   "Jennifer is fully trained," said Hannah.  It was the first
thing anyone said that was out of the ordinary.  "Show her," she
said to Grace.

   Grace nodded at Jennifer.  Jennifer stood up and took off her
clothes! She was nude in 30 seconds.  Then she went to her
pocketbook and pulled out a headband and then lay down on her back
on the carpet, right in the middle of the living room!  She had her
knees in the air, her legs apart, and she put on the headband and
adjusted it exactly over her eyes like a blindfold.

   Grace stood up and pulled off her dress.  Then she took off her
panties, leaving herself in nothing but a bra.  Then she knelt over
Jennifer's head, lowering her crotch right over Jennifer's face. 
I saw Jennifer's head start moving a little.

   Hannah drew me up out of my chair and brought me around to look
at them from a couple of angles, making sure I could see that
Jennifer was licking.  "She was like you," she finally said. 
"Grace..., *developed* her.  Grace is good at it--she has several
such slaves now--a little harem!"

   "I have a little teenage girl who helps me do the training,"
said Grace.  "She is part european--that actually makes her even
*more* appealing to many of you.  Jennifer would just *die* for
her."  Jennifer still just lay there, licking.  Then Grace stood
up.  Jennifer sort of searched with her mouth if you can imagine
such a thing, then just lay there.  Grace nodded to Hannah, who
immediately started undressing.

   When she was completely nude, she straddled Jennifer's head and
knelt and Jennifer started licking her immediately.  Hannah's face
changed--her mouth hung open and for a second she was staring into
space.  Then her eyes followed me, but her mouth remained wide
open.  I could see her breathing.

   Grace drew me out of the room.  She was still dressed only in a
bra.  We went down the hall and into a bedroom.  Jessica was in
there.  She was standing in a corner, facing it.  She was dressed
only in panties--rather conservative cotton panties, but I stared
at her just the same.  At her bare back... and the cotton stretched
over her little rear.  She didn't move--just stood there with her
hands at her sides.

   Grace turned and drew me to sitting on the bed.  "I think..."
she started, then paused.  She put a hand under my chin and turned
my face right toward her.  "I *think* you don't *need* the kind of
training they were giving you," she finally continued.  She leaned
toward me, her head close to mine.  She said quietly, barely above
a whisper, "I think you will respond well enough to a different
kind of training."

   She leaned over and kissed me.  Her tongue was in my mouth.  It
was the most erotic thing I ever recall.  We justkissed and
kissed, sitting there on the side of the bed.

   Finally she broke away.  She looked serious, but I detected a
little smile... not a smirk, but a very slight smile.  I felt like
I would do *anything* she told me to.  "You're *definitely* one who
will take your training much quicker *this* way," she said.  She
could read my mind.  She leaned over and kissed me again, but just
brushing my lips.  I wanted more!  I heard Hannah coming in the
living room.  Jessica still just stood there.

   "Hannah..." said Grace, thoughtfully.  "She'll train well too." 
I was confused.  "You'll come live with me," she continued.  It was
outrageous.  My husband.  But it seemed so *possible* while I sat
there with Grace.

   Then she smiled.  "Oh, I'll take care of your husband.  I'll
give Hannah to him--he'll love having a little Asian girl-toy. 
He'll have is cock up her cute little ass every night.  *You*...,"
she paused, and smiled again.  "You will do wonders.   You will
seduce their mother for me.  Oh yes, it will work... lots of Asians
are attracted to western women, just like the other way around. 
I've got *plans* for her..., and *you*!  Have you taken it in the
ass?"  I sat there mute.  She leaned over and put her lips on my
ear.  "Have you?" she said right in my ear.  "No!" I said in a
breathless whisper.  "Good!" she said, drawing away again.  "That's
*one* beginning I plan to witness.  Go back and kiss Hannah."

   "Go!" she repeated, more forcefully, and I got up and left.  She
just sat there.  Hannah was still straddling Jennifer.  Her eyes
were closed, she was writhing and breathing hard.  I knew she had
come at least once.  I knelt in front of her.  She was so sexy.  I
grabbed her head and put my lips on her.  Her eyes flew open and
she looked shocked.  Then she kissed me back, hard.  She was so
driven.  She seemed to be having trouble breathing.  I drew back
and looked at her.  Her eyes were closed again and she looked like
I was completely out of her mind.  I reached up and touched her
breast.  Her eyes flew open again, seeing me there.  Then she was
back in her private reverie as I carressed.  I could tell that she
was going to come again soon.  Jennifer just kept licking.

   I stood up and walked back to the bedroom.  Grace was laying
face down on the bed, her legs hanging off.  She was blindfolded
and gagged and her ankles were bound, and her arms were bound
behind her with some kind of weird restraints that looked like long
gloves.  They were laced together, pulling her elbows so close
together that it looked painful.  Jessica was behind her, pushing
a dildo in her rear.  Jessica was still in her underpants.  She
looked up at me, but with no expression on her face.  It was
exactly like the look she had given me in my dreams. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  deirdre(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





