BDSM Library - Danielle Gets Boffed




Danielle Gets Boffed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A coed alone at home gets brutally raped by two black men.
Danielle Gets Boffed
By shinwanotanuki@hotmail.com


"Why me?" the girl sighed and thumped down on her bed. She stared at the ceiling
for a while, then got up, turned off the light, and slipped into bed more
intentionally this time.

It was January the fifth. All of her friends had gone back to college, but she
didn't go back for two more days. It was awful - this town was so boring without
her friends. But the dorms didn't open at U of C for two more days. She sighed
deeply again - it was so unfair. She imagined spending a few days on the beach
before classes started up again, but no, she was stuck in snow-bound Stratton,
Vermont. There was a reason she had taken university elsewhere!

At least her folks were out for the night, visiting her grandma in New York.
They had begged her to go with them, but Danielle refused. It's not that going
to New York didn't sound exciting, but that it sounded dreadfully boring with
her parents and grandmother. Danielle had spent the day alone in the boring
town, and was now going to spend a boring evening. Nothing to do but sleep and
hope Wednesday came sooner than later.

Well, that's not quite true. She had spent the morning with her friend Beth.
They had looked around the local mall together. She hadn't seen Beth for almost
two years, as Beth had done a year overseas after high school. She wore her
flirtiest miniskirt and a skin-tight bikini top to show her friend, clothing
completely inappropriate for the cold weather. She had been such a prude in high
school, she wanted to show Beth that California had really changed her.

Danielle had been a real wallflower in high school. She had bad zits and bad
hair and a completely flat chest. So she had never attracted the boys, and as a
steady low-B student, she had never earned acclaim as a student either. When she
had finally arrived in college, she made a conscious decision to change herself,
and had joined the track team. The friends she made there showed her how to eat
right to get rid of her zits and how to treat her hair gently. Now her skin was
virtually flawless, and her hair, while still not the silken golden locks of
some of her friends, was at least attractive now. She liked wearing it in two
shoulder-length pigtails. She thought they made her look flirty.

But the real change had been the rapid development of her breasts. Her senior
year of high school, they had barely been a B-cup. But she'd had to buy new bras
every semester since then, and she was now overflowing her DD's. Her tits were
big and natural, but had little droop to them. Danielle was kind of embarrassed
about them, and at first wore loose clothes to hide them, but her California
friends had showed her how to display them properly so she could use them in the
battle of the sexes against men. But they made exercising very hard, because
even in sports bras, the jiggled up and down painfully when she ran. Even worse,
their rapid development had made them very tender. Danielle was seriously
considering getting breast-reduction surgery. She had heard of the back-problems
large-breasted women have, and didn't want any part in that.

As she had walked Beth back to her car so she could drop her off at the airport,
two men who had been smoking outside the mall hopped down from their perches and
followed the girls. Beth noticed first and waved her head so Danielle could see.
"Ungh..." said Danielle, "What low-lifes!" She had almost said "niggers", but
California and college had taught her to be more open-minded. She was a liberal
girl now. Her father had almost disowned her when she admitted voting for Nader.

The two black youths watched the white girls hustle to a small green Plymouth
and pull away.

"Bitches!" yelled Jerome after them. As the girls' car pulled quickly onto the
road from the parking lot, he added, "'Hos".

Abe punched his friends arm and grinned at him, "Ow man, what's so funny!" At
19, Abe was two years older than Jerome and several inches taller. Jerome
respected him, a healthy respect born of fear. Abe held up his hand palm-open
beside his grinning face. "What're those..." started Jerome, then got it and
laughed. Abe let the crayon drop to the ground and put his hand in his pocket.
They walked back into the mall. They had a friend to go see, and they needed
some blow for a bribe.

- - -

A few hours later, the house was dark and quiet. Moonlight and the glow of the
streetlamps illuminated the insides of the house with the grayness of pre-dawn,
reflected off four inches of snowfall that covered the ground. More snow drifted
down, threatening to clog the streets in the morning.

Jerome and Abe were dark shapes silhouetted against the snow. Both wore ratty
clothes, not so much for disguise but because that was what they always wore.
They were cocky with the overconfidence that belongs to teenagers who believe
they are immortal - or to teenagers who don't believe they'll live to see
twenty-five anyway. They did not wear hockey masks. Their breath crystallized
the air in front of their faces. Abe dropped the butt of a cigarette into the
snow and waved his bud on. Their target was the basement window along the side
of the house.  (Ten hours from now, the housewife from next door would find the
cigarette butt in the snow and curse at some unknown hooligan kids.)

Abe was ready to snap the frame of the window to gain entry, but the window slid
out by itself. Jerome smiled at him, laughing silently, and Abe squeezed his
body through the small portal.

- - -

Danielle awoke. It was still dark outside, she could tell that even through her
closed eyelids, but the snow-amplified illumination made it hard to tell what
time it was. She reached out and adjusted the alarm clock so that she could read
it. Its large red digits displayed 1:13 AM. She sighed and rolled onto her side,
adjusting the blanket slightly for better warmth.

There was a creak on the stairwell. Danielle opened her eyes again, and got up
on her elbows to look at the doorframe. She had left the door open - no reason
to close it, no one else was home. Nothing. She chided herself and lay back on
the bed.

It was as she lay just on the border of sleep, ready to dream of the sandy
beaches of her college life, that she heard a cough from beside and above her.
Her eyes flew open. Two shapes lurked by the side of her bed, approaching her.
She felt the tightness of terror in her throat and tried to scream.

- - -

"She's awake," hissed Jerome.

"Damn straight!" said Abe, loudly. Now that they had the girl cornered, there
was no reason to sneak around like thieves anymore. "She's about to experience
the kind of thing most white bitches only dream about!"

Jerome spread his arms wide, leaned towards the girl, and announced
"WWAAAZZZAAAPPPP!"

Danielle had taken some self-defense courses, and now she was glad for the
training. She lurched to her feet, flung the blanket over one of the two men,
and smacked the other one with a badly-placed punch. The she jumped off the bed
and was at the top of the stairs before the two blacks recovered enough to chase
after her.

"Bitch!" Jerome howled off of her, "What's she doin? White girls ain't supposed
to fight back!"

He called out at her as she ran down the stairs, "Where you goin, bitch? Ain't
gonna give you nuthin I ain't given a dozen other white hos!"

Abe joined in, knocking against the wall, making loud bangs, "COMERE! My big
dick needs some suckin, whore!"

"Yeah, my cock's kinda dry! Why don't you moisten it with your tongue!"

Danielle heard them as she ran through the living room and kitchen. If she any
doubt what they wanted with her before, she had no doubt now. Fear gnawed at her
flat belly; she was panicking and she knew it. She knew she had to calm down and
get away and get help. There was a phone in the kitchen. She huddled in the
alcove by the back door. It was only ten steps away. She heard one of the blacks
calling from the living room, "Where'd you go, slut? I'm gonna fill you with so
much cock-meat you're gonna bleed!" The whole situation was made worse for her
because of their fat laughter - she realized they weren't threatening her
because they hated her, but that they were toying with her, laughing at her fear
and helplessness. Mocking the fact that she was a woman. Her rage at them
clouded her mind - how dare they enter her house! How dare they attack her!

She glanced into the kitchen - no one there. She lunged for the phone and
grabbed it off the wall. She hurried back to her hiding place while her fingers
jabbed "911". She was nervous, however, and mistyped the number. She dialed
again. So intent was she on the phone in her hands that she did not notice the
shape loom over her.

"FOUND YOU, CUNNIE!" Abe yelled. Jerome scurried in from the living room.

A huge black hand grabbed the phone out of Danielle's hand. "Thought you could
hide from us, huh bitch? You're pretty fucking stupid!" Abe tossed the phone
into the corner and tried to grab the girl's wrist. Danielle squirmed away and
stood up, back against the door. She could feel the cold air entering through
the cracks in the doorframe chilling her. The girl shivered, staring with hatred
at the two black youths who filled the entranceway completely. Their faces were
invisible in the darkness - she saw them only as a threatening mass of shadows,
black within black.

The light from the window spotlighted the girl for Jerome and Abe. They both
felt their dicks twitch looking at her. She'd been a lot of trouble, but she'll
be worth it, they thought. The girl was 5'5" tall with long blond hair tied into
two long pigtails that trailed over her shoulders. Her face was round but not
plump, with a cute button nose and sexy, pouting lips. A lock of blond hair fell
past her forehead into her face. The look of her face was very sexy in an
innocent sort of way.

The twenty-year old coed was wearing a large flannel shirt two sizes two big for
her; this was a shame because it hid most of her figure from Jerome and Abe. She
was wearing plain cotton panties, but was completely naked below them. Her
tanned legs stuck out from her waist like two curvy marble pillars. Since
entering college, she had started a daily exercise routine which involved
several miles of running and swimming. It had toned her legs perfectly. The
California sun had baked her body until it was a light tan, almost umber.

Abe came a step closer, his voice a mocking whisper, "Hey, baby, why don't you
show your best friends here some friendliness and take off that shirt. Hmm? I'd
love to take a look at your titties. I saw you in your bikini today, and I bet
you have great big titties. Wouldn't seeing her titties be good, bro?"

"Yup," said Jerome, licking his lips. "Give us a peek bitch. Take it off nice
and slow, give us a good show, or I'll have to beat you a bit...."

Danielle sprang forward suddenly, "Bastards!" she yelled. She plowed into Abe,
her fingernails draggin scars into his cheek. It was amazing, but the 115 pound
girl managed to knock aside the 200 pound bruiser, probably from the sheer
vehemence of the attack. Then Danielle was past the first black, and tried to
dodge around the second boy.

As Abe screamed in rage at having been clawed, Jerome just started laughing and
backhanded the girl as she tried to shoulder past. The girl flew backwards into
Abe, who grabbed her in a bearhug. "Gotcha, bitch!" he snarled, "You're gonna
pay for that!"

Abe dragged the girl into the living room. She kicked at his shins with her bare
feet the whole way. "We found ourselves a fighter!" said Jerome.

"Good," snarled Abe, "I hate it when they go all limp and just cry. I like a
girl with a little spirit!" He dragged her into the middle of the room and
stopped. He grabbed her arms and put the girl into a headlock, which is a little
difficult because he was almost a foot taller than she is. "Get this cunt naked,
J." said Abe, easily holding onto the fiercely struggling coed.

Jerome pulled a long knife from its sheath in his back pocket. The metal glinted
in the faint light of the room. He grabbed the hem of the girl's shirt and
yanked it toward him. Danielle kicked at him, but he dodged and smacked her leg
down. "Be quiet, bitch!" he shouted, "I really don't wanna cut you, but if you
make me, I don't give a shit. You'll fuck just as well with or without some
slices taken out of you."

Danielle's eyes grew even wider, until her irises were surrounded by white, but
knew that she was in real danger of being really hurt. She had hoped to avoid
getting raped all together. Now, she just prayed they wouldn't hurt her too bad.

Jerome pulled the flannel tight and ran the sharp blade up from her waist to her
neck, sawing the material in half. Danielle felt sick to her stomach as he
sliced under her arms and then the flannel shirt dropped to the floor with a
soft swishing sound.

"Holy mother of a bitch!", Jerome gaped as he saw the girl's tits jiggle into
freedom. "Motherfuckingfuck! She's gotta have tits the size of watermelons!"

Abe looked down at the girl, sniffed her hair and stared at her tits from above.
He chuckled, "Heh heh heh. You're right, J. Those are some fucking knockers."

"They're like fucking water balloons!" Jerome reached out and grabbed one in
each hand. "No, don't touch me you fucking jerks!" screamed Danielle with
helpless rage. He squeezed. "oh, damn, they're so warm and soft!"

Abe grabbed up both the girl's wrists in one hand, and holding them high over
her head, reached around with his other to paw at her joy-bags. Her white flesh
was smooth and warm. It was full and kneaded pliably under his strong hand.
Danielle whimpered in humiliation as three hands pawed at her charms.

Abe grabbed one of her pink nipples between his forefinger and middle finger and
then twisted his wrist hard. Danielle screamed as the pain shot through her tit
into her chest. Abe felt her heart thump loudly. "Bitch!" Abe snarled, shoving
the girl into Jerome, who snatched her up and held her wrists tightly behind her
head before she could take the chance and escape. "Bitch! I owe you somefin!"
Abe rubbed his cheek gingerly, were three light red marks showed where Danielle
had scratched him.

Abe turned around and there was a swish as he took off his belt. Jerome cackled
in her ear, "Ya shouldna done that, 'ho. Now you gonna get some pain!" At first,
Danielle had no idea what the man meant. Wasn't being naked and felt up by two
strangers painful enough? Even when Jerome shoved his knee into her back,
forcing her to stick her chest out so that her nipples stood upright in the air
marking two succulent targets the bitch didn't get it.

Not until Abe screamed "WHORE!!!" and lashed out with his belt, his huge body
lurching forward with the power of the blow and his belt fanned through the air
and landed with a loud wet slap against her naked tit did Danielle get it. She
howled in her pain, pinwheeling her legs and trying to claw her captor as the
mark on her tit began to bruise. Her tits were so big they jiggled with the
blow, and Abe watched them, laughing at their funny antics.

"Struggle some more, bitch," Jerome chuckled, "I like the way it makes your
melons jiggle."

"Fuck this man," said Jerome, who was having some difficulty holding the
fighting girl, "I came here to do some fucking - lets do it!"

Abe growled, "Yeah - ok, fuck you man, I wanted to paint her other tit too, you
know, so she'd have a matching pair. But fuck that - lets just fuck the dog."

"No no DON'T" screamed Danielle as Abe grabbed one of her sexy legs in each
hand. He slid his hands up until they found her white cotton panties, and slid
them off. "Shaved bush." Smiled Abe. "I knew this babe liked it rough. DOWN YOU
GO!"

Abe let go of the girls legs and Jerome let go of her arms. The girl fell on her
ass with a shriek, but then brought up all four limbs to try to ward Jerome off,
who had volunteered himself for the first fuck of the night. "BITCH" he screamed
at her, grabbing her wrists and twisting them up above her head. Abe grabbed the
cunt's legs and pulled them back and open, so her tight cunnie spread its lips
in the cold winter air. The girls perky tits smiled up at Jerome, who put his
head into one and started chewing on it. The girl cried and tried to struggle,
but then 200 pound Abe sat on her hands so Jerome's were now free. He reached
down and unbuttoned his pants, dragging his blood-engorged dick out. Danielle
couldn't see it where she was, staring up wide eyed into the smiling faces of
her rapists, but she felt it edge hungrily against her thigh and slide up until
it was firmly against her open vagina. She felt the warm slime of pre-cum it had
left on her white thigh.

"Here I come, bitch. Ready or not!" shouted Jerome and ploughed into her pussy.
The blond University of California coed shrieked up at them. She could feel the
hot dick shaft up her precious vagina. It was big - bigger than any of her (few)
boyfriends had been, and Jerome was not trying to be gentle. Jerome started
drooling on her tit as he humped into his white bitch like a dog in heat. "Take
it bitch take this fuck me bitch fuck me back you goddamn whore you filthy white
whore you cum-sucking nigger-fucking daddy-fucking slut..." Jerome chanted it
like a mantra, in between taking bites that left teeth marks in her jiggling tit
flesh. Both men were still fully clothed, holding down the buck-naked,
trembling, wailing cursing white girl. A total of 380 pounds of black muscle
dwarfed the hapless coed. She could feel the rapist's jeans scrape roughly
against her thighs and felt his dirty shirt drag on her belly as her fucked her,
his chin tucked into his chest as he fucked her and smacked his lips on her
water balloons.

Abe let the girl's ankles go and her legs collapsed around Jerome. Each powerful
thrust rocked her back on the carpet and made her tits jiggle and dance. Abe
reached down and grabbed the coed by her ears below her pig tails and yanked her
head up. "Look at my bro as he fucks you, ho!" he shouted at the girl, "He's
doing you the favor of exercising your filthy cunt. Look at him! Look at him and
thank him!"

Danielle had squeezed her eyes shut, but Abe found her lashes with his thumbs
and pulled her lids up. She couldn't blink. She look Jerome in the face. He was
grinning and drooling and staring at her. "Thank me bitch!" he taunted her.
Danielle could feel his log violating her precious innards. "Thank me!" It made
her want to throw up; "Thank him bitch or I'll cut a tit off!" The fear and
humiliation caused her guts to squeeze up. She could barely think. She wanted to
fall unconscious from the brutal assault but somehow she was more awake than
ever, and could feel every nerve of her body. "THANK ME!!!"

Danielle opened and mouth and sucked in the cold air. "Th..." she started.
Jerome laughed at her, egging her on, raping her dry cunt her mercilessly. She
couldn't stand the humiliation. She didn't want to thank him! She wanted to kill
him! If she could get her hands free, she would claw his eyes out and rip off
his testicles. "Ok, bitch!", she heard the black man sitting on her hands shout
at her, "You want to be down one tit, none of my business!" She saw the glint of
metal.

"THANK YOU!" she screamed out. The men laughed, "Again!" said Jerome as his dick
thumped into her. "Thank you...." "Thank you thank you thank you....." she said
it over and over again, hoping the mantra would make it all better. It didn't.

"Hear that, J?" asked Abe. "Bitch loves getting porked by a brother. Give it to
her!"

"Yeah yeah!" Jerome grunted as he rammed into the sobbing girl, "I'm fucking you
now whore, gonna split you in half with my dick, gonna knock you up; you gonna
be my bitch forever!"

Danielle sniveled, tears running down her sexy face. "No...." she moaned. She
didn't want to have a baby! She didn't want a black nigger rapist's baby! "No!"
she said, energized from renewed anger, "No! You fucking asshole! I'm not having
your baby! *gck*" Abe had grabbed her cheeks and pushed them in, forcing her
mouth open, Jerome eagerly stuck his face into hers and started raping her mouth
with his tongue. Danielle felt the slimy, horrible thing roam around her mouth
like a worm. The black youth's breath smelled like stale marijuana, cigarettes
and cheap liquor. She gagged but could not close her mouth. Jerome's eyes bored
into hers, trying to eat her soul.

After only fifteen minutes of pumping, Jerome's body started jerking
spasmodically and he snarled at the bitch "I'm cumming in you cumming in you you
bitch whore dog take it take it TAKE IT!!!"

With a nauseous feeling, Danielle felt the 17 year old boy's cum slurp into her
cunt, spewed up towards her ovula. It was hot in her insides, and he kept
cumming and cumming for a full minute. "DAMN BITCH!" Jerome said, standing up
and tucking his shrinking cock into his pants, which he buttoned up again,
"You're a pretty good fuck. Not the best, but pretty good. About decent for a
five dollar whore!" the black men chuckled at the girl, who was sobbing, naked,
huddled on the floor, between them. "Your turn now, bro!"

"Yup," said Abe, "but first, before I fuck her, I gotta finish teaching her what
happens to cunts like her who cut me." Abe turned around, and reached for his
belt.

Danielle opened her eyes, and saw one of the two rapists with his back to her,
and the other stretching languidly. Although her legs felt bruised and her
genitals felt like they had been put into an egg-beater, she lurched to her feet
and ran up the stairs. "DAMN IT!" Abe yelled, and ran after her, taking three
steps at a time. He reached the top of the stairs and saw the naked bitch
scuttle into her room. She grabbed the door's edge and swung it shut as Abe
barreled down the short hallway. The 200 pound black teenager slammed into the
door just as it clicked home and Danielle twisted the lock. Screaming his rage,
Abe slammed into the door again. It trembled, but held.

Inside the relative darkness of her room, Danielle, sobbing and naked, trembling
with terror fear humiliation and pain, cast around for her bag. Where was it!
Damn it damn it damn it! Another jolt shook the door of the room, and Danielle
hopped back in surprise, letting out a cute little squeak. She saw the strap of
her bag under the bed, and collapsed to her knees, drawing her purse to herself.
She opened the top and scrounged around inside desperately. Her father had given
her a blue Nokea 155 series cell phone for Christmas. She dug it out of her bag
and flipped the top open just as another crash shattered the wood of the door by
the hinges. This was a lady's phone, and had a dedicated "911" button. Danielle
had been so embarrassed to receive this when she got it.

Operator Jackson took the call. "911; what is your emergency?"

He heard a high pitched, sobbing voice on the other end, "Oh god please send the
cops their in my house they RAPED me..."

Jackson began typing and spoke into his headset, "Please calm down miss. Where
are you?"

"12555 Pine View Ridge. Please hurry...." The operator heard a large crash from
the other end of the line and the girl panicked and said "oh my god please NO!"
There was silence for a moment and then the phone line went dead. Operator
Jackson relayed the information he had to the local authorities. He prayed that
they would make it in time to save that young woman.

"WHORE!!!" Abe bellowed at the cowering young girl. "Why the FUCK did you do
that?!" He was screaming at her. His voice hit her like a fist and she cringed.
"please don't hurt me anymore..." she whimpered.

Abe snatched the blue cell phone from Danielle and casually flung it behind him.
The electronic device shattered against the wall of the room. "Oh your gonna pay
bitch!" he roared and seized her wrists. Danielle tried to kick at him, but from
her position on the floor, the motion just made her scoot her bare butt on the
carpet. "I called the cops!" she said, "You better go cause they'll be here any
... *arhgsf*" she blurted as Abe casually raised her to her feet and popped her
one in the belly.

"I don't fucking care bitch! I'm gonna fuck you one way or the other! J, help me
out here man!"

Jerome grabbed the girls legs and helped Abe wrestle her to the bed. It wasn't
all that hard, since she was very light, it's just that she squirmed a lot. "I
wanna take this bitch like the dog she is!" Abe growled, so Jerome twisted her
legs around and pushed them under her until she was kneeling on all fours on her
own bed, facing the headboard.

Abe's dick trembled upright as he sidled up behind the coed. The girl was
trembling hard; she looked over her shoulder trying to see what was going on;
the sight of her cute face looking fearfully at him through blond pigtails
turned him on even harder.

Danielle's face was yanked back forward by the nigger who had first raped her.
Jerome grabbed her pigtails and yanked her head around. The black youth was
sitting in front of her, leaning back against the headboard, his ass on her
pillow, his legs spread wide. He held her face inches from the crotch of his
jeans. "Bitch!" he snarled and spit on her. "I'm getting bored..." he flashed
the knife at her, "Mebbe you can think of something interesting to do with yur
mouth?"

Abe grabbed the coed's narrow waist and squeezed, pulling her back onto his
eager cock. "Spread you legs, bitch!" he yelled. When Danielle kept her legs
clenched together, he simply kneed her legs wide apart so that her raped cunt
stood wide open for him. His fat purple cock-head squeezed past her bruised cunt
lips. Danielle's blue eyes grew wide and watered with pain. "oooo...." She
moaned. "nooo.... stop, its too big...." The suffering girl could feel Abe's
dick slide into her like a fiery hot Yule log. She knew it was going to split
her in half. It was much bigger than Jerome's dick, which she had thought was
huge and painful. Abe laughed and her and smacked her delicious ripe ass with
one hand, the sound of the smack punctuating her groans like a drumbeat. "Take
it bitch!" Abe screamed at her, his dick half buried in her twat, "Take my dick
you fucking white whore! Bitch! I'm gonna kill you with my dick! You're gonna
bleed and die! Hahahaha!!!!"

Danielle continued to moan in agony as the black breeder jammed his staff
further up her cunt. Jerome looked into her desperate wide eyes and giggled.
"You're so cute, bitch! You know what I would like? That cute mouth of yours
wrapped around my fat dick! Licky licky!"

Abe had now buried himself most of the way in her fuck-shaft and he began
pumping into her. Danielle's body rocked back and forth as he raped her, her
pigtails and dangling udders marking his pace like fleshy metronomes. Jerome
still held onto her pigtails like they were handles, so the bitch had no choice
but to look at him through hazy eyes. Her mouth opened slightly and her breath
came in hard puffs as she was fucked from behind. "Yeah, bitch, soon your mouth
is gonna feed on my tasty cock!"

Still keeping hold of one pigtail, he used the other hand to unbutton his fly
and fish out his dick once again. Then he took the knife and held it next to her
ear - with all her rocking back and forth from the increasingly violent raping
she was receiving, he almost cut her ear off accidentally! He forced her face
down so her mouth was only a half inch from his dick. Danielle could smell it -
it smelled like sweat and cum and her cunt - it made her nauseous. "Now you suck
bitch or I start carving you like a Christmas turkey!"

Danielle's guts churned. The bigger black man fucking her was far meaner than
his brother had been - he kept slapping her sexy ass cheeks and calling her
filthy names. The bitch was not even sure how her cunt was taking his massive
cock - it was like a horses dick. Bigger even. She wanted to scream at them, to
make them stop hurting her, to make them stop using her and treating her like a
rag doll, like an animal, like something not even alive. She wanted to tell them
she felt pain and fear and was human being, and they were hurting her and would
they please stop.

In truth, this would have made it more entertaining for Jerome and Abe. They
liked teaching white whores their place.

Jerome, tired of this bitches lackadaisical attitude, opened her mouth by
pulling on her cheek and inserted his plump dick into her wet mouth. Danielle's
gagged on the taste and tried to pull away, but Jerome laughed and forced her
head down by painfully yanking on her pigtails. "There you go, bitch, I knew
you'd like it. Why don't you suck on it a bit? I know its small now, but I'm
sure you can get it to grow nice and big! Hahaha! And don't worry - you'll be
tasting a lot of my dick tonight. I'm gonna shove it all the way into your
belly! I'm gonna rape your throat and cum in your belly. Your gonna deep throat
my dick so much you'll forget how to breath! Bitch!"

Jerome's fat wet dick flopped about in her mouth, gaining strength with each
passing moment. The girl wasn't sucking - she just let his dick lay limp in her
mouth. Jerome said "Hey bitch!" and nicked her ear with his knife. The suffering
bitch tried to raise her head to look at him, but did not succeed. Only her eyes
could roll up. "Hey bitch, suck on my dick! Use your fucking lips and tongue! Do
it you fucking dog or I'll cut you. You worthless whore, you think its pretty
fucking funny to not suck on my dick don't you? DON'T YOU!"

Jerome's anger frightened Danielle and she whimpered. Her ear stung from the
slice knife had given it and above everything else she could feel Abe happily
rutting himself into her. She closed her eyes and then her lips closed on
Jerome's dick. She felt it jerk in her mouth; it was the most disgusting thing
she had ever done. Her mouth-rapist beat her about the head a little and told
her to use her tongue; Danielle, who had never sucked a dick before, rolled her
wet tongue around the huge dick. There wasn't much room left in her mouth to
move her tongue around.

"What are you doing you fucking bitch!" Jerome screamed at her, "Fucking look at
me when I fuck your face! Look at me with your fucking eyes! Look in my face!
Bitch whore! Yeah that's it bitch LOOK at your fucking master. Hahaha. And use
your tongue more, suck on it bitch SUCK ON IT!"

Danielle's blue eyes stared up at Jerome. She could barely see him in the
darkness of her room - he was just a shapeless monster looming over her. She
felt his dick harden under her lips and tongue. She felt Abe's giant cock
ramming away at her sensitive insides. She was choking on fear and nausea and
pain and Jerome's big dick.

Jerome leaned comfortably against the headboard of the bitch's bed. Even though
he had just cum a load in this whore's tight cunt, he felt himself growing in
her mouth. The pressure of her lips and the inexpert stroke of her tongue sent
shivers of pleasure down his dick, through his gonads, and up his spine. He
gazed at her lovely face, right into her big blue doll eyes. "Suck me bitch," he
moaned, "Gonna cum down your throat. Suck the cum right out of my dick."

Abe was gripping her hips so tightly he left bright red finger marks in her
flesh every time he moved his hand to slap her ass. He loved the way her tanned
assflesh jiggled when he hit her; he loved the little muffled barking noise she
made. She was so small and he was so huge that he literally could not get his
whole dick in her twat. He only got two thirds of it in before he was pressing
against her hymen. Her cunt sucked at his cock like a vice. He was getting
pissed at her though. This bitch was a real waste of his fucking time.

He pulled out suddenly and the bitch almost collapsed, but he put his hand right
in between her legs and hoisted her back up. The girl squealed. "No bitch! Stay
like that! Keep your fucking ass in the air! Keep your daddy-fucking legs open,
I'll be back!" Then he slid off the bed and went out the shattered bedroom door.
For the minute, Jerome was alone, face-fucking his victim. He got up on his
knees to reposition his now-hard dick so it could slide down her throat. The
bitch's blue eyes were right on him when he said, "Now you deep throat-me bitch!
Better breath while you fucking can cause you ain't gonna be able to for a long
while!" He snickered and pulled her toward him by her pigtails. The girl
screamed as his log began moving down her throat. Her throat pumped like she was
going to throw-up as the huge log made its way down her throat, clearly visible
as a lump in her throat. "Ooo... that's it, you whore! Now you're sucking good!
Hahaha!"

Danielle felt the pull of the bed as the other black man got into the bed again
behind her. She wanted to turn her head to see what was happening, but when she
moved her eyes off the nigger in her mouth he smacked her upside the head. She
had to concentrate on breathing so it was hard to tell what as happening behind
her. She felt Abe's cold hands touch her ass and spread her cheeks. Then OH MY
GOD she felt his finger, greased up with Vaseline, inch into her asshole!
NONONO! She tried to scream, but all she ended up doing was giving Jerome a good
dick-massage.

Abe was not the gentle type - all he cared about was getting his big dick in her
shitter. So he roughly punched his middle finger into her bunghole and then
lubed his dick head too, then tossed the container of Vaseline aside and grabbed
her hips again. He forced the fist-like knob of his cock against Danielle's
tight anal ring and started pushing, screaming his hate at her, "YOUR GONNA FEEL
PAIN NOW BITCH! YOUR SHITHOLE WILL FUCK ME! YOU'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO SHIT AGAIN!
HAHAHA! HOW"S IT FEEL, WHORE, WHO DOES IT FUCKING FEEL??!!!"

Jerome was laughing like a hyena, "Oh shit man you should see this 'ho's eyes.
They look like they gonna pop right out of her skull? What you using to fuck
her, a log?"

"Shit no, J! All I got is my dick in her. FUCK she's tight in here.
UUNNGGGHHH..." he roared as he pushed more of his dick into the trembling bitch.

Danielle thought she'd been in pain when he had raped her pussy. She had been
right, but now she was in fucking agony. Her whole asshole burned like he had
poured gasoline into it and set it on fire. The sensation of that big dick going
the wrong way up her pooper was driving her insane. It felt like the biggest
shit she had ever taken. Her eyes rolled into her head and she started drooling.
(Though part of her drool was due to the fact that her mouth was being
dislocated by having to stretch over Jerome's fat pig's dick.)

Jerome nicked her ear again and yelled at her, "Didjeye stop telling you to look
at me bitch? There ain't nuthin goin on in yer ass that concerns me! Look at me
with your pretty eyes while I do you the favor of choking you with my dick!"

Danielle tried as hard as she could to obey the nigger with the knife, but the
pain in her ass was so great she could barely open her eyes. Tears ran down her
cheeks and made puddles on Jerome's crotch.

It was a funny sight - the slight college coed surrounded by two huge black
teenagers, one with his dick in her throat so far it made a big lump in her
throat and the other, even bigger black man, thrusting into her tight asshole.
The girl trembled from side to side - her hands made useless fists next to
Jerome's waist. Her knees and elbows were getting rubbed red raw from being
fucked so much. Her hanging titties swayed like udders. In a final, brilliant
stroke of humiliation, both boys were still completely dressed, shoes and socks
and everything, with only their hard dicks thrusting out of their open flies.
The buck naked twenty year old between them was obscene in comparison. She
glistened with sweat in the pale winter light.

The boys showed no interest in slowing or stopping. Sweat began to pour off
their bodies and soak into their clothes. Jerome began humping his dick in her
throat - it felt like a sucking moist cunt - jerking her head forward and back
in time with his strokes.

It was then, as the stink of sweat boiled off the two youths into the snowy
night, that the door downstairs was busted open. Neither boy heard it, but
continued his pleasure cruise with Danielle's beaten and raped body. They did
not hear the footsteps running up the stairs as they raped their fuck-toy. They
did not notice as a police officer, gun drawn, ran into the room, holding the
gun on them.


to be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  ShinwaNoTanuki


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





