BDSM Library - No Pain, No...




No Pain, No...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Part 3 of 4 in the Irena/Renee/slave6 series sees Renee turn her patriotism toward more extremes despite Irena's adamant refusal.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either
the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely
coincidental.

The work is intended solely for adult readership and only where such extreme
sexual material is permitted by community standards and otherwise legal.

This episode is Part 3 of 4 concerning the exploits of Renee/slave 6.

F.



No Pain, No...



A female participant at the club protested the garish makeup as Renee, or slave
6 as she was now called, was carried into the sparsely lit party room. "But the
4th is over!"

The twinkling tubing around Renee was removed but the red, white and blue paint
job covering her otherwise nude body remained.

"We should be patriotic all year long. To hell with particular dates," said a
gruff male twang from the darkness. His voice echoed the thoughts of most,
though his comment had less to do with any patriotism and more to do with the
long arms connected to splayed legs with the ever so inviting torso as the
female slave was placed on the padded table. "Let's celebrate today!"

Renee could not see through the blindfold but felt herself set atop the table.
Support under her helped relieve the strain she was beginning to feel in her
limbs.

"I've got an idea. This slave needs more sparkles."

A club attendant dutifully supplied two sparklers left over from the July
celebration. A male guest grabbed one of the spindly sticks and leaned over the
positioned slave.

"Lay her on her back, and better hold her down."

Renee sucked in her chest as she felt the powerful grip squeeze her left breast.
She gasped as something sharp poked the middle of her nipple.

She screamed as it stabbed.

More gathered around to see as one of the masters twisted the sparkler deeper
into the slave's tit until it angled upright on its own. Many placed hands on
the sweating limbs, yearning, as they were, to be free, as the second sparkler
was inserted into the nipple atop the other tit, this one painted a bright blue.

Some bystander asked who had a Roman candle, and when none could be found a
thick ordinary candle was shoved into the gaping vagina.

"Time to light 'er up!"

Renee choked and gasped. As much as she squirmed, she was held fast to the
table. Pain racked her chest and heat from the burning candle thickened her
insides. She felt dripping in sweat. All around she heard them clapping and some
were even trying to sing.

Tears ran from her covered eyes. Inwardly, though, Renee knew that this was what
she wanted. All that stuff she had complained to Irena about dating was just
that; hogwash. Renee sucked her belly in deeper and arched her back. Tears, or
no tears, she was not going to chicken out and made up her mind to give them a
show they would hardly forget.



"There was some mail," Irena said as she came into the bedroom. "Mostly bills,
but this is for you sweet slut."

Renee groggily lifted her head from the downy covers Irena sometime let her
share. "Uhmuhm...what time is it?"

"Long past your usual time to rise and shine. Now sit up and open that
envelope."

She didn't bother with the usual polite answer to her mistress. Renee's entire
body ached. Sharp pains caused by the previous night made her wince more than
one. She lifted up the small violet envelope that lay atop the covers and broke
the seal.

The cursive was an invitation. Renee brushed back hair covering her face and
looked up to Irena standing at the end of the bed.

"Mistress? This invites me to an "Ultimate Experience". What's that?"

Color washed from her face when Irena heard the name. Just as quickly she
stomped around the bed and ripped the envelope and its contents from Renee's
hands, slapping slave 6's face as she did.

"No way, understand?" Irena stormed out of the room.

Huddled in her bathrobe, Renee found Irena sipping tea in the kitchen. Her
mistress did not look up when she entered. "What is it? Please tell your slave."

Irena glared as her chin rose. "A place where I FORBID you to go."

Tears sprung to Renee's eyes to see her mistress so displeased. She hurried into
the room. Kneeling down she kissed the calf of the slacks that Irena wore and
hugged her arms around the leg.

By the time her tea was finished, Irena relented. The poor slave just did not
know any better and that wasn't really her fault.

She placed a hand tenderly atop the warm hair nuzzling her leg and said, "Don't
worry pet: The Ultimate Experience is a small group of extremely sadistic
masters and mistresses." She bent down to kiss the raised forehead as slave 6
looked up. "In fact precious, no slave has ever been seen again following one of
their parties. Your mistress just didn't want the same fate to befall you."

Renee adoringly gazed upward and accepted her kind mistress's kiss. She listened
as she learned more of the horrid things the Ultimate Experience was known for.
The more she learned of the horrid things they supposedly did, the sicker she
felt.

Much more made her more determined than ever to accept the invitation, whether
her mistress approved or not.


Next: The Ultimate




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





