BDSM Library - Jessica Rabbit Abused




Jessica Rabbit Abused
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jessica Rabbit stars as Gaston's victim in this erotic SM thriller.
Jessica Rabbit Abused

	Gaston and Jessica were starring in Jessica's first 'bottom' role in a
BDSM movie. Her newly founded Master and Mistress had ordered her to accept the
role as additional revenge for what she'd done to them. The premise was close to
reality - a dominant forced to submit. Jessica's character was a haughty lesbian
whose house is broken into by Gaston's character, who is determined to
straighten out all lesbians. Jessica, dressed only in a white satin robe, sees
her girlfriend off at the door. She goes to make some coffee in the kitchen when
there's a knock at the front door. She opens it and a man dressed in all black
with a ski-mask forces his way in. He shuts the door and holds a large knife to
Jessica's throat. "Do as I say, dyke bitch, or I'm going to cut you up bad."
Jessica promises to do everything and anything the man wants. "Where's the
bedroom?" he asks, then follows her there. He pulls the robe off of her and
forces her to kneel in front of him.
	
	He undoes his pants and take out his big hard dick. He rubs it across
her lips. "Suck this, cunt!" He squeezes her cheeks open and forces his dick
into her mouth. She begins to blow him. "Yeah, you know how to do it. You
bitches are born to do this." He pulls her face away from his dick and slaps
her, "Unnatural bitch! Eating each other's cunts rather than doing what god
intended you to do." He shoves his dick back into her mouth and holds onto her
long red hair while he fucks her face. "This is what cunts are supposed to do!
Anything a man wants!" He shoots his cum down her throat. Jessica sobs on the
floor while the man searches her room. He finds some scarves and dump them on
the bed. He stoops next to Jessica on the floor. His fingers explore her pussy.
It's still wet from the lesbian lovemaking session with her girlfriend. He
forces his fingers into her cunt until he's fistfucking her. "This is what you
want! Yeah, you need this, don't you?" He slaps her large tits again and again.
He curls one big hand around her left tit and squeezes until it turns purple.
Jessica screams and begs, "Please! No! No! Oh. please no! Stop. I'll do anything
you want." The man chuckles, "This is what I want, bitch." He pulls his fist out
of her pussy and drags her to the bed.

	He tosses her onto the bed, on her stomach, and ties her spread-eagle.
He takes off his leather belt, and makes an experimental crack in the air. "I'm
going to teach you not to fuck other bitches. After this, you'll spend your life
sucking real dicks, not those rubber toys you dykes play with." He whips her
until every inch of the back of her legs, ass and back are covered in red welts.
She had long gone hoarse and is almost unconscious when he stops. He finds her
dildos and selects a large black one to torture her with. He unties her bonds
then works the dildo into her asshole with lubrication. This new pain revives
her. He forces all nine inches of rubber up her ass. He turns her over and
abuses her tits some more, slapping them and squeezing them. "I'm going to show
you what nature made you for, bitch! Get ready for the ride of your life." He
enters her pussy with his ready dick and brutally fucks her, all the while
telling her to enjoy the real thing. He cums inside her. He gets a large mug of
cold water from the kitchen and pours it on her tits, cunt and face. Its icy
sensation calms the angry red pain of her flesh and revives her enough to be
made to kneel. Gaston commands her to lick his balls, and reflecting on the last
two hours, Jessica obeys. He sprays his cum all over her beautiful face then
forces to lie back down on the floor. He pees on her tits as a finale.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





