BDSM Library - Jessica Spanks Ariel




Jessica Spanks Ariel
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jessica Rabbit and Ariel star in their 1st Fuck Film together as a domineering mother and naughty daughter.
Jessica Spanks Ariel

	Jessica Rabbit and Ariel were working on their very first film together.
Of course, it was a fuck film. Actually it was properly classified as an
Incestous Lesbian Spanking film by the Disney Board of Review for Children's
Films and Adult Films. Ariel was acting as Jessica's naughty sixteen year old
daughter. Needless to say, Jessica went a little too far. This would lead to her
downfall later on, but anyway, the film...

	Jessica as the mother was dressed in an extremely short and tight
version of a housewife's flowered housedress with a little white apron over it.
Her black garter belt, thigh-high stockings and the top of her black push-up bra
was visible. She wore black spikes. Ariel as the schoolgirl was a white lace
bra, matching panties, white knee-high stocking, a short plaid skirt, black
mary-janes and a sheer white blouse. Jessica bent over at every opportunity to
allow the cameras a view of her shaved cunt. Jessica found a cigarrette in the
backpack of her darling catholic school girl. She ran up to Ariel's bedroom(the
camera peeking up her skirt as she went up the stairs) and confronted her
daughter. Ariel denied it was hers although the evidence was plain. Jessica sat
on her daughter's bed, "Come here." she said, indicating her lap. Ariel
fearfully spread herself over her mother's lap. The punishment began.

	Jessica ripped away Ariel's panties and slapped Ariel's tight little ass
again and again with increasing force. Ariel played her part beautifully,
although it wasn't too hard considering that Jessica was using unnecessary
force. Ariel shed some tears and cried, "No Mummy! Please, Mummy! I'm sorry
Mummy. Not so hard Mummy." Jessica slapped her ass particularly hard and said,
"Sorry for what, girl?" Ariel shrieked and cried, "No! Mummy, I'm sorry I was a
bad girl! I'll never smoke again! Please don't spank me any more, Mummy!"
Jessica threw Ariel to the floor. She stood and began removing her thin leather
belt. "Sorry isn't good enough, girl. I expected better of you. Now lean against
the dresser." Ariel crawled to dresser and pulled herself up. She stood shaking,
hands on the dresser, head bent, legs apart. "Bend your waist, girl!"

	At the command, Ariel bent. Jessica came up behind Ariel, belt in one
hand. She unzipped Ariel's skirt and told her to step out of it. Then she tore
Ariel's blouse and bra off her body. She raised the belt in her hand and brought
it down on Ariel's back with all the force she could muster. The recording
cameras got five minutes straight of Jessica whipping Ariel's back, ass and
legs. Ariel was really screaming now. Jessica wasn't supposed to whip her for so
long, or so hard. She couldn't understand why the director(who hadn't said a
word since Jessica had stripped her) hadn't yelled 'Cut' yet. Then she
remembered that Jessica owned half of this company. And it was good footage, she
guessed, even if a little too hardcore for the average spanking fan. Finally,
she couldn't maintain the position under such pain and tumbled to the ground.
"Lazy brat! Trying to get out of your punishment, eh? I bet you whore around
too, don't you? I'll teach you, girl. You'll be a saint for the rest of your
life." Jessica yelled.

	She stormed out of the room and collected a strap-on dildo from one of
the production assistants and stalked back over to Ariel. Ariel was trying to
sit up. Jessica pushed her back down, and after the cameras had gotten a got
shot of her tits, rolled her onto her stomach. She strapped on the
flesh-coloured 7 inch rubber dick on camera and stroked it fondly. She placed
two pillows under Ariel's belly to prop up her ass and cunt. Then Jessica knelt
between Ariel's legs and guided the dildo into Ariel's pussy. Now, Ariel was not
really into spanking and definitely not into pain so she was not wet or even the
least bit aroused. And Jessica had cruelly not lubricated the dildo so as the
dildo slid home, Ariel screamed in intimate pain. Jessica had one hand on the
side of Ariel's head , keeping her down. Her other hand toyed with her own tits
as she brutally fucked Ariel. The film ended with Jessica collapsing on
Ariel(who was sobbing in agony), kissing her cheek and saying, "My baby girl."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





