BDSM Library - Slave Princess Jasmine




Slave Princess Jasmine
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Jasmine tells Ariel about her time as Jafar's slave while she seduces the horny mermaid.
Slave Princess Jasmine

	One night after Ariel, otherwise known as the Little Mermaid, had just
ended work for the day, she was feeling very horny and adventurous. Prince Eric
usually kept her pussy sore and too satisfied to look elsewhere but she needed a
change, at least for tonight. She told her good friend Jasmine just how she was
feeling over a drink at the local bar. "Say no more," Jasmine said, "I know just
how you feel. Aladin's dick is all a girl could ask for but us Disney gals need
something out of the ordinary once in a while. Let's go back to my place.
Aladin, Genie, Apu, Carpet and the parrot are away on one of their wild
adventures. They won't be back for days."

	Ariel agreed, encouraged by the glimmer in Jasmine's eyes. Back at
Jasmine's place, the two Disney babes sat around a low golden topped table on
piles of soft cushions. Jasmine was wearing a deeper blue version of her usual
outfit. Ariel was wearing her usual bikini top made of shells and only a pair of
extremely short cut-off blue jeans. The rough jeans material had kept her pussy
moist all day. Jasmine slowly stroked her friend's long red hair, "Let me tell
you a story." She caressed Ariel's beautiful face, "It is a true story." Ariel
had an idea of what Jasmine had in mind now and she caressed her friend's
breasts through the silky cloth of her harem-style top.

	Jasmine continued, "I shall tell you exactly what Jafar did to me while
I was his prisoner." Ariel and Jasmine, Mermaid and Arabian Princess, kissed.
"Jafar had taken over Father's harem. Delicate, pretty girls who were used to
being petted by a sweet old man were having a rough time under Jafar. No pun
intended. He made me a part of his harem, one of his sex slaves. But I was his
only toy who was always chained. He kept thick iron chains around my wrists and
waist at all times. And when he sat in Father's throne during the day, I was
shackled at his feet, nude as the day I was born except for my jewellery. Ah,
that reminds me. One of the first things Jafar did to me was to have my nipples
pierced. I wore these big gold hoop rings through my nipples for him. I secretly
like how they feel but Aladin hated them. When he rescued me from Jafar, he made
me get rid of the nipple rings. Anyway, each night Jafar would chain me to his
bed on my stomach and whip me mercilessly with his riding crop." At this point
in Jasmine's story, Ariel stopped suckling her nipples to exclaim sympathy for
the ordeal her friend had under gone.

	"It wasn't that bad Ariel, he used magic to make me like it. When he was
finished punishing me, he would get out his big dick and fuck my pussy from
behind for hours. Yes, hours! Again he would use magic to put off his orgasm.
And everyday, after lunch, he make me get on my knees with my face touching the
ground, then he'd get behind me and ass-fuck me right in front of everyone.
Then, keeping me in that cursed position, he would have one of the harem girls
come lick my pussy until I came. During the course of the day, while he
pretended to be king, he'd have me and sometimes another slave suck his big,
thick dick. He liked me to deep-throat him completely, really slow. Once he had
an orgy with me and five harem slaves. He fucked me doggy-style while one of the
harem girls crawled under me and played with me breasts. Another girl had
strapped on a dildo at his order and she forced me to suck that rubber dick.
That girl herself was being ass-fucked by a girl wearing a double-headed dildo
in her pussy. Miss double-headed dildo herself had her ass occupied by a dildo
wielded by this cute little redhead."

	Ariel's bra  top had long been ripped off and Jasmine was already nude.
Jasmine pinched and cupped Ariel's breasts while Ariel stroked Jasmine's pussy.
"One night Jafar, after he'd whipped me for the night, forced his entire fist
into my tight pussy and fucked me with it. He said it was a way Sultans punished
harem slaves who were not satisfied easily. He also used another harem trick on
me. Each morning he'd slip two tiny metal balls into my pussy. All day these
things would slowly drive me crazy with excitement. He said it was a way for
Sultans to ensure that their slaves were wet when they wanted them." Jasmine
concluded her story, helping Ariel out of her shorts. The two lusty Disney babes
fell into sixty-nine position and satisfied each other with their pussy eating
skills. Jasmine had a double-headed dildo laying around which she sometimes used
when she wanted both her pussy and asshole filled. Now she used it on herself
and Ariel. They spent hours pounding into each other. Ariel's need was satisfied
and she could go back to Eric for a nice normal fuck in the morning.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jayne


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





