BDSM Library - The Agency




The Agency
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Julie applies for a job and it changes her life.
		_________________________________________
		                WARNING!
		This text file contains sexually explicit
		material. If you do not wish to read this
		type of literature, or you are under age,
		PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!
		_________________________________________

Archive name: agency.txt (MF, mc, drugs, nc)
Authors name: Anonymous
Story title : The Agency

-------------------------------------------------------
                  (c) Copyright 1998
 This work is copyrighted to the author, with all rights
 reserved. -- This work may be archived and displayed on
 non-commercial web sites without permission, but please
 do not remove the author name or address. Thank you
 -------------------------------------------------------


     Julie Taylor was not normally a shy girl, nor for
 that matter a timid girl in any sense of the word.  At
 nineteen she had lost her school-girlish outlook on
 the world and those about her, as long as she was mix-
 ing with her own age group.

     When a perfectly normal, healthy girl as attractive
 as Julie looks at an older person...well, she couldn't
 help thinking that anyone over thirty is middle-aged,
 and over thirty-five they must be well past it!

     It was perhaps this normal attitude towards older
 folk that made her just a little tremulous now as she
 waited in this very luxurious, sweet-smelling apartment
 of a certain gentleman of Oriental origin, whom she
 knew to be well past his fifties, and in her eyes a
 very old man.

     Tse Ling had kept her waiting while he bathed and
 changed.  It had been through a small theatrical agency
 that he part-owned that he had first become aware of
 this pretty girl who now waited for him in his scented
 living room. 

     Julie Taylor had taken part in many amateur
 theatricals while she had been in college.  When she
 had taken a job as a fully trained shorthand typist
 with a firm in the West End of London, she had - more
 for a joke than anything else - visited the small
 office of the Ling-Tan Theatrical Agency, which
 happened to be close to her place of employment.  If
 any part-time aspiring actresses were needed, she
 would be pleased to do some more acting, not that she
 wanted it as a full-time occupation but more as a
 hobby.

     She had been surprised at the utmost care the woman
 in the Agency had taken in getting the full details of
 the young lady calling on them, and she had been even
 more surprised when a few weeks later she had a letter
 from the Agency explaining that they were engaging a
 few young ladies of limited experience, like herself,
 at a salary that made Julie's eyes boggle, and if she
 was interested she was to present herself at an address
 given in the letter on Tuesday evening next at seven-
 thirty.

     The address was also in the West End, and she had
 to meet Tse Ling whom she remembered seeing for just a
 very few brief moments at the Agency, after she had
 been interviewed by the woman.

     A small Oriental man had admitted her into this
 expensively furnished apartment, and now after a few
 minutes of waiting, the portly smiling Tse Ling himself
 came into the room, gave her his apologies for keeping
 her waiting, and bowed low.  She saw he was wearing a
 very ornate silken dressing robe.  She thought it odd
 that he should have been taking a bath at this time,
 when her appointment had been arranged.  She had been
 on time to the dot, she was not early or late, and yet
 he had not been ready for her.

     He poured her a drink and started to talk about
 the impending company that he was getting together.
 She sipped at her drink.  It was strong, rather like
 a concoction of whiskey and other spirits.  She did
 not drink much; the drink was positively too strong
 for her and she disliked it but feared it might offend
 him if she at least drink a little.  She tried to
 continue sipping at it.  She had heard that Orientals
 had strange ideas about hospitality being refused, and
 with the chance to get into a theatrical company at
 the wage that had been mentioned, the last thing she
 wanted to do was to upset this important little man.

     He went through her previous experience; or rather,
 her lack of experience.  She knew he must have all
 these details already, but he seemed to be intent on
 going through every minute detail again.

     She wished she had taken more time with her drink,
 for now that her glass was empty he hastened to re-
 fill it.  By this time, however, she was beginning to
 acquire a taste for it, not knowing that it contained
 an oriental aphrodisiac drug; and by the time her
 second glass was empty she felt strangely relaxed and
 happy.

     She kept answering his questions, but instead of
 sitting upright in her chair and being very attentive
 to him all the time, she leaned back more comfortably,
 quite aware that his slanty little eyes were looking
 down at her legs, which were not being kept so primly
 together as had been the case when she first sat
 opposite to him.

     Tse Ling was not sitting quite so demurely as be-
 fore either.  For his part he began to sprawl on his
 chair, his change of position allowing the silken robe
 to fall open at the front.

     Her eyes opened wide.  She could hardly believe
 her senses, but the portly Oriental was really naked
 beneath the robe, and not far from her wide staring
 eyes was a huge glistening yellowish cock.

     She knew he was watching her as she tried to avert
 her eyes from his naked torso.  When at last she looked
 up into his beaming face, she felt embarrassed and
 ashamed, but when he placed a hand under his long thick
 dong, she again looked down at it.  She saw him gently
 lift the heavy shaft in his palm.

     His voice was teasingly soft as he said, "Young
 Missie likes, eh?  You not feel so shy after the little
 drink Tse Ling give you eh?"

     She felt almost hypnotized as he drew her to her
 feet, his strong hands on her wrists, pulling her to
 him as he also stood up.  That long thick manly shaft
 was being sandwiched between his naked hairy stomach
 and her pretty dress.

     He put his mouth to hers...during the long kiss
 that followed he insinuated his tongue well into her
 mouth.  She wanted to resist, to make it not quite so
 easy for him, but her will power was gone...it seem-
 ingly had disappeared into that empty spirit glass.

     Before her lips were released from his, she was
 returning the tonguing and rubbing her tongue-tip along
 the edges of his thick wet gums and at the back of his
 teeth.

     His hands were gripping her youthful behind through
 her clothing, and the way he was pulling her against
 his naked, hard cock and slowly worming his body from
 side to side was making her experience thrills she knew
 she should never allow herself with an elderly man, and
 an Oriental at that...and yet she was getting pleasure
 from his kissing and his touching...a lot of pleasure.

     When he was sure he had excited hid young playmate,
 he drew her down into the very large soft square-shaped
 divan that stood in the corner of his luxurious apart-
 ment.

     She lay still, breathing heavily alongside him
 looking up at him with big eyes, as his hands commenced
 a thorough exploration of her lovely firm body.

     When he briefly stopped kissing and caressing, he
 gave words of encouragement to her about what a lucky
 girl she would be if he decided to let her join the
 small select company he was forming, how much money
 she would be able to make, how much better off she
 would be than with her present salary...what an
 interesting wonderful life it would be... 

     And while he spoke and petted her, Julie became
 more dreamy and light-headed, easier to handle, more
 eager and happy to do anything to please this strange
 little Oriental man who in some way was developing
 such power over her.

     It was during a long-drawn-out kiss that she felt
 him finally place his right palm flat on her belly.
 His long fingers began to knead her dress, causing the
 material to ride upwards.  His fingers increased the
 pressure, the dress hem rose higher and higher, forming
 a crumpled ball at her waist within his fist.

     She saw him looking down at the stretch of white
 flesh that now was exposed above the tops of her nylon
 hose, and suddenly he eased himself over her body,
 straddling her thighs and lay forward so that his balls
 and prick lay at the junction where her lemon-colored
 nylon panties covered her blonde bush.  With his
 fingers he maneuvered the long thick shaft of his cock-
 flesh so that it lay flat and lengthwise up from her
 Vee to her belly. 

     She looked down at her loins, his thick cock looked
 like a snake resting on top of her panties, the dull
 yellowy flesh of his Oriental prick making a strange
 shading contrast with the bright lemon hue of her silky
 panties.

     The licentious Tse Ling was lying in this style for
 a purpose.  He wanted his young aspiring actress to see
 and realize to what depth his cock would be able to
 pierce up into her if it was given the chance.  He saw
 from her expression that she certainly understood, that
 she was trying to imagine what it would be like to have
 that dong thrust up into her.
 
     Julie had no idea before that moment, that man's
 penis could be so long,  or that it would be capable of
 entering a woman to the extent that this long thick
 dick could delve into her.

     Tse Ling lay heavily on her firm young body,
 pressing his mouth against her far from unwilling lips.
 He pressed hard on the front of her silken body; he
 knew it would be only seconds before he felt some sort
 of cunt-response from the young lady.

     In a very short time, Julie was feeling that urge
 from within herself,  she pushed her loins against him,
 trying to writhe her thighs against his thighs, trying
 to get pleasure by pushing her belly to and fro against
 that hard long dick that was like a bar of iron sand-
 wiched between their legs. She no longer thought of
 the consequences of her actions, she just wanted to
 satisfy her drug induced urges.

     Then he rolled off her to one side, she saw his
 expression had changed. Instead of a benign sort of
 kindly sympathetic expression, his face was set into a
 grim smile or rather a leer.  He flipped her crumpled
 dress higher above her waist, his eyes seemed to be
 burning deeply into her own slightly glazed eyes, as
 his hands groped between her thighs.

     For a moment or so, his hot hands caressed the
 smooth naked flesh above her nylon-tops, and then they
 moved to the bare flesh of her belly immediately above
 the tight elastic waistband of her panties. 

     He started to unbutton the front of her dress
 bodice, his eyes were still burning into hers, as if
 daring her to blink an eyelid or even dare to think of
 resisting his eager hands.

     For the first time she realized that another
 person was in the room. Silently and unseen, the little
 manservant who had let her into the apartment had come
 into the room, and now he was bending over her from
 above her head, helping his Master to take her dress
 right off over her head.

     It was the little hand of the manservant that
 gripped her hands and made her grope down to the heavy
 testicles and prick of his master.  Not that she needed
 a lot of persuasion.  She was like soft putty in their
 hands, and the heated emotion of hump-lust within her
 young hard body was making her a willing and eager
 plaything for Tse Ling. After all he could do things
 for her if she pleased him. The thought of his age
 never crossed her mind.

     She thrilled and adored the sensation she experi-
 enced as she held that huge, throbbing prick in her
 fingers, and drew the foreskin down in the way the
 manservant had shown her.

     Tse Ling had his hands under her knees now, lifting
 them, making her raise her knees and at the same time
 he levered her legs well apart...what a delicious fuck-
 provoking sight the pretty young woman made... Those
 shapely legs sheathed in the smoky nylons, the sheer
 whiteness of her thighs above the darker reinforced
 nylon tops, the pale lemon slither of nylon that
 covered her sweet young pussy and the dark  navy girdle
 from which stretched the narrow suspender straps that
 kept her stockings so perfectly in place and taut.
 Above the top edge of the girdle where it nipped in at
 her white belly skin her small but perfectly oval-
 shaped breasts were just being exposed as the
 manservant carefully unhooked her bra and removed it
 from her knockers.

     Tse Ling was pleased to see that although her
 nipples were certainly not fully aroused, they were
 dark crimson in color instead of the pale pink that
 so many women usually were...this was the sign that
 she was ready for a man.

     The Chinese man knelt close to her allowing her to
 retain her clasping fingers on his prick and balls,
 while his manservant busied himself getting the girl's
 garters unfastened and the nylons rolled down to each
 trim ankle. He instructed his man to leave the girdle
 on, as he liked the contrast of the navy elastic tight-
 fitting girdle against her pure silky white flesh.

     He also derived erotic pleasure from watching the
 young girl tremble with anticipation as she fondled
 his ever-growing cock and felt the hands of the man-
 servant at the waistband of her panties.

     She knew what she was going to happen when her
 panties were taken from her, and he was happy to see
 no resistance in her lovely face.

     Her panties were discarded on the floor beside the
 divan,  she lay with knees raised and thighs well open
 as both the Orientals gazed at the soft wispy "beard"
 of dark blonde bush at her pussy.  The aphrodisiac
 drug had done its work well.  Her soft wet pinkish
 cunt-lips were agape.  They throbbed and appeared to
 be opening and closing in with her heartbeat.

     The old Oriental slid his silken robe from his
 shoulders.  He and his manservant knew what this lovely
 young girl wanted now at this moment above everything
 else.  He saw her writhing and softly moaning as the
 manservant continued to caress her long shapely legs
 and when his long talon-like fingers combed through her
 bush-hair, she almost went insane with frantic efforts
 trying to lifting her belly to his hands and rotating
 her pelvis and thrusting her loins from side to side,
 as if already she had the hot Oriental cock plunging
 into her.

     Tse Ling stood close to the divan stroking his
 prick, which had visibly grown erect even during the
 last few moments.  He watched the young white girl
 writhing under the clever, if wicked, fingering of his
 lecherous manservant. He knew the little man could use
 his fingertips in the most fiendish way on a girl's
 pratt so as to get them as aroused as was humanly
 possible. Her cunt juice was so plentiful that it slop-
 ped over her puffed cunt-lips and covered the little
 man's fingers down to his knuckles.

     The elderly Tse Ling now stooped over the writhing
 figure of the young woman: he moved his face to her
 belly and then moved it lower to her inviting pussy.
 
     The fingers of his manservant held her cunt-lips
 apart, so that Tse Ling could detect at once with his
 tongue, her swollen clitoris.  The thrill he experi-
 enced while 'milking' this white girl's clit with his
 lips caused his dick to throb almost to the point of
 orgasm, his balls were as heavy as lead, full of hot-
 sperm for this horny white girl's belly.

     Tse Ling knew they had the pretty young woman to
 the stage where she would do anything to reach satis-
 faction.  She was a mare who needed a stallion...a
 bitch who had to have a mating...

     Then she was screaming...at first with the startled
 pain, then with the realization that she was getting
 the hot cock she craved.  Tse Ling had mounted her...he
 was riding her...it was that massive fleshy prick in
 her cunt... Her inexperienced but fully aroused body
 was being filled with the hot throbbing flesh of her
 'stallion'...she was having her mating.

     The extremely experienced whoremaster, Tse Ling
 pushed his thick dong of pleasure into his young victim
 from as many angles as the compass has points. The room
 filled with the panting cries of ecstasy, the agonizing
 sweet feminine cries of pain, mingled with lustful
 pleasure, as the girl was given as through a fucking as
 she would ever be likely to have again.

     The cleverly manipulated cock of the old Oriental
 was giving her the sheerest ecstasy that any girl could
 wish to experience and he was starting her on the road
 that would lead her eventually and in a very short time
 to the adoration of cock for cock's sake.  He was forc-
 ing her to experience and enjoy the complete surrender
 of the mind as well as the flesh to the utter bliss
 that only fucking under his Oriental aphrodisiac would
 provide for her...he was making her have the hump-
 experience that would by its very nature force her to
 want to enjoy it time and time again.

     To even contemplate visiting the his private apart-
 ment, the girl must have been comparatively innocent.
 By the time she left that apartment she would be so
 much more world-wise in many ways.

     Tse Ling liked his girlie acting aspirants to be
 innocent, so long as they were healthy and able to be
 aroused sexually as this young girl had been aroused.
 As long as they could be made horny and sexy, then he
 didn't mind how innocent, how unsophisticated or how
 inexperienced they were to begin with...he would shape
 them as he wanted them shaped, he would map the path
 he wanted them to follow...he would guide them...pro-
 cure them...debauch them, and then sell them.

     The little manservant was keeping a careful watch
 and count of the times their latest young victim was
 brought to orgasm.  He and his Master kept these sort
 of records to improve their technique with application
 of the aphrodisiac drug in the drink.  They had been
 able to almost gauge the amount of the drug to use to
 make a girl reach her peak for a certain number of
 times.  During their experiments they had almost killed
 one young woman in their efforts to drug her enough to
 make her experience twenty orgasms before passing out
 from exhaustion.

     They never repeated the experiment on such a scale.
 They had reckoned this Julie Taylor would have about
 four climaxes in her young belly.  She had already had
 three, her loins, thighs and Tse Ling's balls and
 stomach were sopping with her cunt-juice and now as the
 old Oriental quickened the tempo of his fuck to bring
 his own crisis to its fulfillment, they saw and heard
 the girl gasping and screaming in her lust as her
 fourth orgasm of the evening was reached and passed.

                          -=*=-

     A heavily breathing old Tse Ling lay alongside
 her...  He had drained himself and her as well, and
 she wanted to do as he was doing, drift away into a
 deep sleep, but it was the agitating thin wet lips of
 the manservant on her mouth that was preventing her
 from relaxing.  He was hurting her with those thin
 talon-like fingers of his clawing at her naked breasts
 while he kissed her mouth.

     She could feel his long cock was out from his
 trouser front, and it was clear now that he too was
 going to enjoy her.  With Tse Ling she had neither the
 strength nor the will to resist, she had wanted him to
 do what he had done to her...now with this little
 servant man it was different.

     She was satiated.  She was revolted by the thought
 of the wizened old manservant defiling her body.  She
 had the will to resist him, however, but not the
 strength.  She felt his long horrid cock thrust up into
 her saturated and quite sore cunt-hole.  She felt his
 balls slapping against her crotch, felt him jerking
 her with every thrust of his slender but strong body
 and she saw that Tse Ling was lying on his side watch-
 ing her being fucked by his manservant.

     Julie was surprised that she was beginning to
 derive pleasure from this second hump even though at
 first she had tried so hard to prevent the servant
 from doing it to her.  He gave her pleasure in the act,
 even when she tried resistance.  A moment after this
 realization the long thin cock of the  manservant
 exploded its load of hot come high up inside her. She
 lay still under the scrawny old manservant, feeling
 his long cock slither from her abused cunt as it shrank
 into liflessness.

                         -=*=-

     It was two hours later that she was sufficiently
 refreshed to leave the apartment.  She had been given
 five hundred dollars as a payment towards her first
 salary from the Ling-Tan Theatrical Agency, and was
 told she would be hearing from the impresario again
 in the near future, when she would be given more
 details of the venture.  It was, he mentioned to her
 blandly, a touring company, and they had been offered
 engagements abroad.

     Pleased with her money, happy with the exciting
 prospects before her, not quite so pleased at the
 knowledge that she had a plentiful supply of Oriental
 male sperm in her belly, but happy to think that Tse
 Ling would not be accompanying on the tour, Julie
 trotted off home to pack.

                          -=*=-

     It had been a distressing afternoon.  Since just
 after lunch Susan and her husband Jack Bowing had been
 going through the cupboards and drawers and suitcases
 in a small furnished room not far from the Earl's Court
 Road.  They were in the room that had, until recently,
 been occupied by Tina, Susan's younger sister.

     When the girl had left home to come up to live in
 London, Susan and Jack had asked her to live with them
 in their small but comfortable semi-detached house in
 Purley.

     But no, the headstrong seventeen-year-old had
 wanted her own place, had wanted to be independent,
 and now after only six weeks she had vanished.  It was
 the landlady who had first raised the alarm.  She had
 telephoned the Bowings when the youngster didn't return
 to her apartment after three nights.  At first she
 thought the girl might be staying with friends, but by
 mere chance the sharp-eyed landlady had noticed the
 girl when she met her out shopping in the market. Tina
 had been hurrying along, anxious not to be seen by
 anyone she knew, it seemed, and she was not alone.  A
 slimy horrid-looking foreign man had been on with her.
 The eagle eyes of the landlady had noticed that the
 man had hold of the girl's arm.

     Susan and Jack had come up to town as soon as they
 had the frantic telephone call from Tina's landlady.
 They persuaded her not to report the matter to the
 police, not yet at any rate, they wanted to keep the
 disappearance of the girl from the knowledge of her
 mother and father.  If they could not trace her or find
 her by the end of that week, then the police would have
 to be informed.  Until then, they would try and get a
 clue as to where she might have gone.

     The description the woman gave of the foreign man
 with Tina gave Susan and Jack the idea that he must
 have been Oriental, and when going through some of the
 discarded papers and rubbish in Tina's room they found
 a torn card on which had been scribbled 'The Ling-Tan
 Theatrical Agency' with its address, the couple thought
 they might have a lead.

     Pretty young Tina had always had a hankering after
 a life of glamour,  a life of bright lights that show
 business might have to offer a young  pretty girl. If
 she had gotten into the wrong type of Agency, if she
 had been fool enough to fall for a lot of wild promises
 that some of the vile men who lure young girls put to
 them...well...this Ling-Tan Agency might be the right
 lead.

     Reluctant as he was to let his wife go to the
 office of this Agency on her own, Jack knew this was
 by far the best way of finding out what sort of
 organization was run by this Ling-Tan firm.  If it was
 the sort of company that looked for lone girls, it
 would be quite useless for a man to try to get any in-
 formation from them.

     The only way was for Susan to go along to the
 office, just on the off chance, as it might appear, to
 see if they had any suggestions for her, she would
 pretend that she wanted to go on the stage.  From that
 point of introduction she would see which way the cat
 jumped.

     They tried taking off her wedding ring, so that she
 could make out she was a single girl without friends
 in London.  They wanted to make it easy for the Agency
 to lure her if they were that sort of organization. If
 this approach led nowhere, then plainly it was through
 this Ling-Tan setup that they were going to trace the
 missing Tina.  If, on the other hand, they showed great
 interest in Susan despite her lack of dramatic or
 theatrical experience, then this might prove as likely
 as not an invaluable clue that could lead them to
 Susan.

     The wedding ring had to be put on again.  It left
 a deep impression on the finger when it was removed.
 This might well be suspicious to an alert-eyed person.

     "Better say you are a widow, dear," Jack told his
 wife.  "They won't be very interested in you if they
 know you have a husband near at hand."

     "No, darling, I just can't say that.  I won't think
 of anything as horrible as losing you," insisted Susan.
 "I will say you are abroad on business and you won't be
 back for at least a year.  That will help to make a
 good reason why I am alone in London and why I want to
 join a theatrical group, to meet friends and fill up my
 time while you're away.  That sounds feasible, doesn't
 it?  It will make them think I'm going to be an easy
 haul for them, won't it?  That, is, of course, if
 they're the sort of people we think they might be."

                         -=*=-

     Tse Ling looked at the young woman seated on the
 sofa in his private office.  His Manageress had been
 quite right to have this attractive young woman shown
 in to his office.  She was  possibly the type they
 needed.

     She looked about twenty-two, she was married, he
 noticed, but after a brief glance down at the sheet of
 particulars his Manageress had provided for him about
 this applicant, he saw her husband was abroad.  He
 would be away from her for at least another twelve
 months.

     The little Oriental suppressed a smile at this.
 Just the set-up he liked.  A young wife, alone and
 depressed, bored and lovely.  No wonder she wanted to
 go find new friends and if possible earn some money
 for herself by part-time acting.

     He scanned down the paper.  Not very experienced
 in acting.  Strange in a way she should want to take
 it up now.  He looked at her more closely.  She was
 very attractive, very physically desirable.

     "Why had she come to his Agency?" he asked her.

     She explained that she had been too many others
 first, but they had not been very interested, as she
 did not have enough experience to suit them. 

     That was understandable.  He put his fears to rest
 on that score.  They had all turned her down, eh?

     It was a good thing Susan Bowing had been prepared
 for the question.  Jack had told her to say she had
 been to other agencies. He had given her a few names to
 mention if necessary.

     Tse Ling was satisfied with her reply, and did not
 ask for any names.  He handed her a cigarette, it was a
 long thin affair, and she did not like it much, but she
 obliged him by slowly smoking it while he asked her
 more questions.  She knew he was making up his mind
 about her...she did not want to offend him or appear
 aloof by refusing his offer of a cigarette.  It was one
 of his Eastern brands, she supposed.  It was sickly-
 sweet but probably would not do her any harm if she
 could get over the strange taste.

     Tse Ling studied her through his slit-eyes,
 narrowed to almost being fully closed.  She was very
 attractive, she had lovely high breasts, well spaced on
 her lush figure, and those hips, they were perfect,
 luscious and desirable to grip; she sat so that he
 could see her shapely legs.  Her tight-fitting skirt
 just barley hid her thighs, but he knew they would be
 delightful, the lower parts of her limbs curved per-
 fectly to her calves and down to trim ankles.

     He knew it was a body that would attract any man
 ...what a fool her husband must be to leave his pretty
 wife alone in London! Well, she had come to the right
 place to be taken care of...but perhaps not in the way
 she expected.

     She was lonely, the report said, she wanted to meet
 friends and thought perhaps a semi-pro theatrical group
 might be the answer.  Tse Ling would see she met
 friends, plenty of them...but her performances with
 them might not come under any particular dramatic art,
 as seen on the stage at least.  The little Oriental
 smiled to himself lost in thought...

                         -=*=-

     For the fourth time, Jack Bowing got out of his
 car and put another coin into the parking meter.  He
 had parked a couple of streets away from where the
 Ling-Tan Agency had its office.  Susan was to come
 round there as soon as the initial interview was over.

     It was running into the fourth hour since she had
 kissed him good-bye and waved as she trotted up the
 road.  He had expected her to be about half an hour.
 Surely they would only want to take brief notes at
 this first introduction.

     They hoped to be able to form some opinion about
 the Ling-Tan Agency from this first visit perhaps,
 after all, it was a legitimate organization, perhaps
 Susan could not leave so easily without arousing their
 suspicion, and she was given some sort of audition.

     Jack got back into the car.  He smiled.  Funny if
 after all it was a straight firm, and they were giving
 Susan some sort of an audition when all she wanted to
 find out was if they were the sort of firm that would
 stoop to procuring young lonely girls and women.

     Jack Bowing might not have settled back quite so
 complacently in his car had he known the stage at
 which his pretty wife's 'audition' had reached.

                        -=*=-

     After the first cigarette the Chinese man had
 invited her to join him in smoking what he described
 as a really pleasant dreamy leaf, and had taken her
 through into a small cubicle of a room at the back of
 his private office, that was furnished only with a
 sort of wooden bunk affair.

     The moment the old Oriental settled down beside her
 on the mattressed bunk, and she began to inhale the
 long thin weed he had lit for her, she knew this was a
 much more potently strong reefer than the one she had
 forced herself to smoke in his office.

     Susan inhaled deeply.  She didn't know what else
 to do.  She appreciated the fact that she was in a
 tight corner.  She had already formed the opinion that
 this Agency might well be the lead that would give them
 a clue to Tina's where-abouts. 

     If the young girl had been brought to this little
 smoking den with the old man just like this, well...
 who was to know what was to follow.

     Susan Bowing knew she would just have to wait and
 find out.  By the time she had sucked less than half
 the long thin weed, she was experiencing a familiar
 sexual ache deep inside her body.  With every drag of
 this sickly-sweet weed, she was literally feeling her-
 self relaxing and caring less and less about her
 worries.

     She didn't feel like the same person, she was not
 anxious and worried about her missing sister any
 more...she was not in the least concerned about any-
 thing...or anybody...

     She was happy, that mattered, and she was drifting
 on a high cloud.  She was inhaling and puffing away
 blissfully and was hardly aware that the slit-eyed
 Oriental man with her had gently lifted her with his
 hands under her armpits and settled her further back
 towards the center of the bunk. 

     She was aware, however, that she was seated not on
 a flat mattress now, but on what could be a most un-
 comfortable length of wood or rubber that was shaped in
 a triangle, running lengthwise from the front of her
 body between her thighs and away behind her back.

     She found she derived a tremendous sensual pleasure
 from rubbing herself on that quite sharp edge, she
 could press down and feel the edge biting up into her
 pussy-crevice, her panties preventing the apparatus
 from actually touching her flesh.

     She knew Tse Ling was watching her, and yet she
 didn't seem care, as she continued to rub herself
 slowly and sensually on the length of the triangle.

     When the sensation grew more intense between her
 thighs, she was forgot to inhale on the weed.  By this
 time the little Oriental man was holding the mouthpiece
 of a slender long stemmed pipe to her lips. Susan in-
 haled from this new smoking affair, she felt her head
 and nostrils fill with the extra sickly-sweet pungent
 fumes.

     The old Oriental man had his hands on her hips now
 and was coaxing her to bend forward slightly.  She soon
 discovered why...as she bent forward she brought the
 edge of the triangular ridge against that part of her
 moist panties that covered her swelling clitoris.  The
 sensual awakening in that tiny hardening bud could not
 be described...she had never experienced any sort of
 sexual feeling quite so accurately before.

     The Oriental man had one arm around her shoulders
 and was inducing her to relax, leaning her against him.
 This she was more than willing to do, provided she
 could keep that pleasure-giving ridge between her
 thighs, and pressed tightly to her increasingly moist
 cunt.  She made not the slightest protest when she felt
 his hand settle down over her breast.

     Oh, how good it felt to have a hand gently massag-
 ing her breast through her clothing!  In her three
 years of married life with Jack, she had been happy in
 all ways, never had she desired or looked for the
 attention of any other man, never had she wanted a
 another man to touch her!  She liked to be admired, of
 course, all women desire that.

     Now, in the space of a few minutes, everything
 seemed to have changed.  She wanted this horrid looking
 squat Oriental man to embrace her, wanted him to fondle
 her breasts like this.  She was relieved when at last
 his hand slipped inside her blouse, the eager clever
 fingers were insinuating themselves under the cup of
 her bra.  Her large firm breast was snuggled into the
 yellowish palm of his hand, her erect scarlet nipple
 was trapped between his fingers as he cupped her breast
 gently needing.  He agitated his palm and fingers until
 her nipple was grotesquely hard and stubby, she writhed
 more tightly down on that pleasure-giving ridge lying
 lengthwise under her. The tingling sensation she
 experienced there was the same as she got when she was
 in bed with Jack, and he had spent several long minutes
 arousing her, getting her ready for their fucking.

     She tried to bring her thoughts back to reality. 
 She had found out enough about this place to be more
 than suspicious of it.  She should try to get away now,
 get back to her waiting husband in the car... things
 were getting out of hand here...she would have to make
 her stand now, or it might be too late!

     As if sensing her sudden brief emotion of fear, or
 her intention to try and get away, Tse Ling dropped one
 hand to her waist, he slid his arm around her hips and
 forced her down harder, so that the ridge of the
 triangular shaft drove harder along her wet twat forc-
 ing her panties to form another lining for her vagina.

     At the same moment he forced her to lean forward so
 that the ridge played on her clitoris again.  This time
 her hypersensitive clitoris bud throbbed and grew in
 rapid response to the sensation of the ridge against
 its head.

     Tse Ling smiled happily as he saw the young woman
 close her eyes, throw her head back, and surrender
 herself to the thrilling erotic pleasures that were
 coursing through her from.

     When her belly began to jerk, when her hips began
 to roll slowly, when she began to gasp and writhe as if
 she were already in the the process of having inter-
 course, the wily sensual old Oriental knew that victory
 was his...as it was always.  Once he got the female
 victim on this ridged mattress in this little opium
 den, he always got what he wanted.

     He quickly had her blouse pulled up under her head,
 her bra was unhooked, and her beautifully full white
 breasts were joggled into view.  His long yellow
 fingers rolled her nipples, he kneaded the white flesh
 of her lush breasts while she masturbated herself
 lewdly and with wild abandon on that rubber ridge on
 the mattress. Her drug-induced body could do nothing
 else.

                          -=*=-

     Outside her husband still waited, not with so much
 patience now, but hoping that when Susan did appear she
 would have something worth while to report...

                          -=*=-

     Through glazed eyes Susan Bowing saw the grinning
 Oriental man bring something into her line of vision,
 the like of which she had never seen before. It was
 like a fat banana on a curved wooden handle, but when
 it was held closer to her face she could see it was a
 beautifully shaped and carved imitation penis.

     She watched spellbound as the little man carefully
 adjusted the bulbous head of the dummy prick between
 her gaping wet cunt-lips.

     Grasping the wooden handle firmly, he thrust the
 perfect rubbery substitute-cock up into Susan's horny
 hole.  His eyes searched her face to see just how much
 she was going to enjoy this perversion, he wanted to
 have some idea just how deep into degradation he might
 be able to pull this delightful white-skinned beauty.

     Her expression thrilled him.  Half-fear, half
 excitement, she lay waiting for him to thrust more
 rubber cock into her.  The way her slippery dull pink
 cunt-lips clutched at the prick of rubber told him
 just how hungry she was for a man.  He wouldn't waste
 such lust on an unfeeling rubber shaft...he would fuck
 this one himself!

     When the old man stopped thrusting the fake-cock
 in and out of her, Susan tried to reach down and clasp
 the wooden handle. When she felt him withdrawing the
 head of the rubber prick from her cunt-entrance, she
 almost swooned with disappointment. Then her heartbeat
 quickened with eager anticipation when she heard him
 say,  "I'm going to fuck you myself, my dear.  That's
 what you want, isn't it?"

     Before he had thrust that teasing, tantalizing
 rubber prick into her, she would have been able to
 fight the terrible urge to let him do what he liked to
 her.  But now she was obsessed with the need to have
 some sort of release.

     It was so silly, she told herself, and she had her
 husband to take care of her needs.  Down in the car
 not so far away Jack would be waiting for her, why was
 she being so wickedly tempted into letting this horrid
 Oriental man do to her what only her husband should do,
 what she only wanted her husband to do.

     Whatever resolve she was trying to build, whatever
 summoning up of will power she was attempting, instant-
 ly dissipated when she felt herself turned over and hot
 lips kissed and caressed her naked ass-cheeks.  The
 Oriental man was giving her wicked little love bites
 all over her ass and now his fingers were pulling her
 cheeks well apart, and he was tracing that wet tongue
 of his all along her ass crevice.  In some weird lust-
 inducing way he was tugging at her anus itself.  He
 seemed to be stretching the tight ring by pulling the
 flesh nearby with his thumbs, and then the horrid
 little man was poking and pushing his finger at the
 tight entrance until it slid inside the muscles of the
 ring of flesh.  She found she was pushing her pussy
 harder onto that raised ridge while the finger worked
 to and fro in her tight female rectum.

     More out of idle curiosity than any preconceived
 plan, Tse Ling reached down the side of the sofa with
 his free hand to where she had put her handbag.  He
 opened it and idly thumbed through the contents. All
 the while keeping his plaything gasping for breath as
 he continued to manipulate her closer and closer to
 losing control.

     There were several photographs in her bag, he drew
 them out to look at them better...He froze, she felt
 his fingers withdraw from her bottom.  She looked
 around and saw that he was looking at the photo of her
 missing sister Tina.  The one she always carried in her
 bag.

     The look on the Oriental man's face told her that
 this was the man who knew all about Tina's sudden
 disappearance...this was the track that could lead to
 her being found. She drew back in fear when she saw the
 look of extreme anger and cruelty in the fiendish eyes.

     Tse Ling knew he had been deceived by this attrac-
 tive young woman.  He did not like to be taken for a
 fool.  He had to find out what this young woman was up
 to.  It would be dangerous to let her find out too much
 about him and his Agency.  He had to find out why she
 had this photo of a young girl whom he had recently
 sold to a foreign buyer for one of the exclusive
 brothels in the South of France.

     He dug two fingers wickedly up into Susan's
 stretched and aching asshole.  He was not intent on
 giving her any pleasure now...only pain.  He worked his
 fingers into her to their knuckle.

     "Who is this girl?" he snapped, holding the print
 in front of her face.

     She did not answer at once, and then she screamed
 as his fingers began to open and twist deep inside her
 hot aching bottom.

     "She's...she's my...sister," she gasped.  "My
 husband and I are trying to find her."

     "Your husband?" Tse Ling was on his guard even
 more.  "You said he was he was abroad."

     "He's...he's not.  He's waiting for me in his car
 outside.  Not far away..." she mumbled, hoping that
 the revelation that Jack was near would make this
 horrid cruel man ease up on her. 

     She thought she was clever, he was already taking
 his fingers out of her asshole.  He was afraid, perhaps
 he would have to let her go now...but he was not
 letting her get up, instead he was clambering on her
 back....she felt not his fingers but his rigid prick
 at the entrance to her asshole.

     "You bitch...you filthy white lying bitch," she
 heard him muttering. "I'll give you something you'll
 never forget, white bitch."

     She suddenly felt the weight of the man's body
 along her back, a dull aching pressure being applied
 to her tight anus, she felt his hands fumbling between
 his body and her ass, she knew what he was going to do
 and knew with certainty that she could not do anything
 to stop this awful rape of her body.

     For several seconds she felt him probing and
 shifting his position slightly on her raised backside
 and then when she sensed that he had gained the right
 line of direction, she tensed herself for the pain she
 knew was to follow.  

     Susan was surprised when instead of her asshole,
 she felt the old Oriental man jamb his cock deeply
 into her cunt from behind. He thrust away at her wet
 opening and quickly brought her drug induced body to
 the edge of orgasm. 

     On hands and knees the young wife trembled as she
 experienced her first opium laced orgasm, as the
 Oriental man thrust savagely, grunting each time he
 slammed to the hilt into his lush young victims drip-
 ping cunt.

     Soon the old man was grunting and groaning as he
 released his spurting come deeply inside of the young
 wife he had drugged. As his final spasm finished he
 fell forward taking her supple young body down under
 him.

                         -=*=-

     It was a pity, he told himself, that he could not
 afford to take the risk of keeping her with him and
 having a constant sweetly satisfying use of her lush
 body.  He would have to get rid of her husband, and
 she would have to be sold in the same way that her
 sister had departed, only much more quickly. 

     Tse Ling did not want to keep this white piece of
 ass in his establishment a minute longer than was
 necessary.  He was not sure if she and her husband had
 told anyone else of their suspicions of the Agency.
 One more indication that he was under any sort of
 suspicion and he would have to close up the Agency and
 start again under a new and different guise.  If indeed
 he could get away with it this time, after his luck had
 held on so many occasions.

                          -=*=-

     Jack Bowing was about to get out of the car and
 feed the parking meter yet again when a grinning slant-
 eyed man knocked on the car door.

     "Please...you Mister Bo-wing...wait for wife, yes?
 You come with me please...wife want you...send me for
 you...come quickly...please."

     The singsong voice was persuasive, not commanding.
 Jack knew that if Susan was sending for him something
 must be wrong.  He quickly walked along, with the
 little Oriental at his side.  He was suspicious and yet
 he had to go and find out what was happening.  After
 all this waiting, he was pleased to have a chance to
 have some action. 

      He was not so pleased when, as soon as he stepped
 through the swing doors of the outer office of the
 Agency he was grabbed by two strong yellow-skinned
 little men who made up for their lack of stature by the
 clever way in which they applied crucial arm-holds on
 him. 

     With both arms held painfully to his back, he was
 escorted from the main office along a corridor towards
 the rear of the premises.  For a brief moment they
 paused at the half open door of the room in which Tse
 Ling was, and found himself hypnotized into stupefied
 tautness at what he saw...

     His lovely wife was on all fours like an animal,
 the beastly little hairy yellow-fleshed old man was on
 her back like a dog with a bitch.  The thick penis was
 buried in Susan's cunt from behind, but what made Jake
 all the more horrified was  the way in which his wife
 was urging on the fiendish Oriental who was clamped to
 her buttocks.  She had reached under her open thighs
 and was cradling the long drooping ball-sac of the man
 in her palm.

     From her contorting mouth came an obscene chant.

     "Do it harder...fuck me harder...ohraaurghA...
 please...harder and dig it deeper into me...ooraaugH!"

     Jack realized his wife must be drugged to be be-
 having like that, and yet, even so, to see one's loving
 and devoted wife pleading with a wretched disgusting
 old man to do it harder to her while his thick cock was
 frigging up her cunt, was enough to send any man out
 of his mind.

     Tse Ling grabbed her hair and jerked her face
 upwards so that she was forced to look towards the
 door where her husband was being held by the two men.
 Tse Ling had his other hand round and under her loins,
 the long fingers frigging at her until she knew she
 would die if she was not given the sweet much-needed
 release of her orgasm - husband or no husband watching
 her, she had to get the gratification every fiber in
 her drugged body was screaming out for.

     A demented Jack Bowing watched as his wife twisted
 and jerked as the evil Chinese man tried to screw her
 down on to those lust-provoking fingers that were
 frigging her towards either madness or her much needed
 orgasm.  Susan was crying out the filthiest words Jack
 had ever heard a anyone use.  She was being milked of
 her cunt-juice and at the same time the jerking prick
 of the man was sending its hot wet scum deep into her
 belly.

     Tse Ling looked up in amazement.  Just behind the
 lithe Orientals who were holding the heaving, sobbing
 Jack Bowing were two of the largest London policemen
 he had ever seen.

     Lost for words for once, Tse Ling rose up, detach-
 ing himself gradually from Susan who screamed the
 foulest abuse at him, at them and at everybody else...
 She lay there limp and exhausted, while the Chinese men
 released her husband who ran over to try to assist her,
 at least to clean her up, or to bring her round to some
 state of normality.

     The policemen, taking in the situation, were quick
 to arrest Tse Ling. They telephoned for reinforcements
 and took away all the employees of the Ling-Tan Agency.
 Speedily seeing the chances of promotion in their
 alacrity at unmasking one of the wiliest brothel supply
 rackets in the country, long sought by the English and
 Continental police, the larger of the policemen care-
 fully tore up the piece of paper he had in his pocket.

     It would never do if anyone knew that their
 suspicions had not been aroused by anything Tse Ling
 had done.  They had followed Jack Bowing into the
 building to present him with a ticket for having fed
 the meter five times and being still parked in the
 same position!

     Epilogue

     It was too late for Tina, or for Julie for that
 matter. They had disappeared and No one at the Ling-
 Tan Agency was going to admit anything. Let us hope
 that their lives wont be to burdensome, and that they
 will derive some enjoyment in their situation.

                        -=THE END=-
 ______________________________________________________




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Unknown


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





