BDSM Library - Teach Her




Teach Her
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Married high school teacher Julie caught on camera fucking the principal by two of her students.  Blackmail is sweet for the two boys.
Teach Her

The 13th of May, Friday morning 9.30 a.m.  Julie Gorman answered the front door
of her house to the visitors John and Michael, two of her students at Elmhurst
high.  You see Mrs. Gorman has been a naughty girl, caught on tape with her
skirt around her ankles fucking the principal.  The boys had the videotape and
pictures to prove it!  Unfortunately for Mrs. Gorman she was a married woman
with a loving husband and two young children.  Yesterday at school the boys
delivered a package to Mrs. Gorman with a sample of their findings, a blackmail
note, and precise instructions.

Mrs. Gorman was to ring in sick on Friday, wear the same clothes she wore when
caught with the principal and be ready for a house call form the boys.  John and
Michael did their homework and knew that it would be easy for Mrs. Gorman to be
home alone. The boys now stood at the door of her suburban dwelling waiting for
an invite in.

Julie Gorman was about 43 years old, 5' 4" in height and slightly out of
condition.  She wore a pink miniskirt, black knee high leather boots, a grey
cotton top with buttons down the front as instructed.  John on seeing her
greeted her with a volley of abuse "hey bitch were gonna teach you a lesson
today."

The three were now in the hallway and Julie stood there almost awaiting
instruction from her students.  Michael took the lead and suggested that they go
to Mrs. Gorman's bedroom.  The two boys dived onto the bed leaving Julie
standing at the end.  "Do us a strip" shouts Michael "take your kit off bitch
lets see those titties and that huge gaping cunt of yours" Julie gasped and was
about to challenge the boys when she was reminded of the threat to expose her
indiscretions to her husband and the schools board.  Her life was in the hands
of two horny 16 year olds.

As she began opening the buttons of her top John takes out a video camera and
starts recording.  Michael barks out the commands.  Julie is slowly undressing
very worried about events unfolding.  Before long she is stark naked, one hand
covering her crotch the other folded across her breasts in a vain attempt to
keep what dignity she had left.  On seeing this Michael spoke "don't by shy Miss
Gorman show us your goods".  The boys jeered as she removed her hands and bared
all.  Things were not going well for Julie Gorman but she played along hoping
that the boys would soon leave.

The boys hadn't really thought about what they were going to do with Julie most
of their time given to the blackmailing.  John suddenly unearthed a fiendishly
cruel idea.  He looked down to the end of the bed and noticed on each side a
knell post about two and half inches thick rose approximately 3ft above the
mattress of the bed.  It was made of smooth laminated sturdy timber and would be
a perfect dildo for Mrs. Gorman.  John caught her attention "hey bitch give your
pussy some of that" pointing to the post.  Julie was shocked at the suggestion
and clarified what she was to do.  After a little persuasion Julie stood up on
the bed and moved towards the post.  The thought of what she was about to do
violated her stomach. She felt sick but helpless.

She gingerly began to lower her pussy onto the post taking care not to slip off
the mattress.  The thickness of the knell allowed it to slip easily into Julie's
cunt even through it wasn't lubricated.  When about 3" went inside she stopped
and raised her head to look towards the boys who were now standing in front of
her.  Both weren't happy that her pussy was filled and instructed her to keep
going.  After about 6" Julie could feel vaginal muscles contract around the
invader, as it slipped in deeper the object became more uncomfortable.  By now
she had assumed a squatting position on the phallus so John decided to remove
her leg support.  Without warning he grabbed both of Julies calves and pulled
them towards him until they were in a horizontal position.  Julie screamed in
agony as the post in her cunt took the full weight of her body. The dildo
plunged another 4" inches before coming to a halt leaving Julie in excruciating
pain begging for mercy.  She began crying uncontrollably and made desperate
attempts to lift herself off the pole.  Michael jumped on to the bed and knelt
behind her, clasping his arms under her breasts he lifted her slightly to relief
the pressure.  Julie managed to gasp a sigh of relief but then Michael whispered
in her ear " bad girls get punished this ones for your husband" before letting
her drop on the knell once more.  Once again she screamed in terror and begged
for mercy.  After several more short sharp stints the boys lifted her off the
pole and threw her on the bed.  She immediately dropped both hands onto her
pussy rolled backwards and forwards to dull the pain not knowing how badly
damaged her organs were.

As Julie tried to quench the pain the boys rummaged through her wardrobes
looking for clothes for her to wear.  For an old doll Julie had some good dress
sense.  The boys found several outfits ranging from conservative dress suits to
nothing to the imagination miniskirts.  In the end the boys settled for
Victoria's Secrets black silk brassiere and panties.  A black party dress with
glittering silver strands.  The dress stopped 4" above the knee and with no
stockings or tights would show off Julie admirably especially with her 3" heels. 
A selection of pearl jewellery would complete the outfit.

The boys were quite ponderous in selecting the outfit but Julie was still laying
in pain on the bed feeling sorry for herself.  John presented her with the
outfit in a polite manner.  He instructed her to put on the outfit and find her
makeup.  Basically make herself as pretty as she could at her ripe old age.  The
boys left the room and made there way downstairs to fix some lunch, they invited
Julie to join them when she was ready.

The boys raided the presses and made some sandwiches and tea for themselves and
Mrs. Gorman.  After half an hour Mrs. Gorman still hadn't come down Michael was
growing impatient and decided to go upstairs.  On arriving at the door he was
met by Mrs. Gorman pretending to rush down the stairs.  Michael knew she had
been stalling and gave her a kick in the ass.  He was delighted at her
appearance, as she seemed to have gone to every length to appease the boys.  The
outfit suited her and made the boys teacher look very sexy.  She was invited to
eat and drink the food prepared and not forgetting her manners thanked the boys
for their hospitality.  When all were finished the boys resumed the degradation
of their teacher.

Julie Gorman was ordered to kneel on all fours in the good outfit.  John jumped
on her back and began smacking her on the ass with his hands telling her to
crawl.  John was quite heavy and it wasn't long before Julie began to struggle. 
Each time she stopped to draw breath she received a sharp reminder to the rear
to keep going.  Eventually her arms buckled from under her and her head crashed
into the carpeted floor.  John fell out over her head and was none too pleased.
He barked at her to remain in the position she had come to rest in.  Her face
buried in the thick carpet her butt rose high into the air.  John got to his
feet and walked behind Julie lifted her skirt up onto her waist and lowered her
panties to her knees.

Fearing what was going to happen Julie pleaded with John not to do it.  To
defend what he was about to do John commented " Bitch you didn't mind taking it
up the ass with the principal so what's different, I'm sure your husband would
be quite shocked at your behaviour if he knew.  Do you want me to tell him?"  On
receiving no answer he asked the question more forcefully.  Julie replied no as
she began sobbing.  On hearing this John rammed his cock as hard as he could
into her back passage.  Julie groaned at first but relaxed, as John began
thrusting in and out, not unaccustomed to taking it up the ass.  When John went
limp Michael took over both boys full of testosterone gladly expanding their
limited sexual experience.

When they were finished they allowed Julie to rise to her feet and fix herself. 
As she pulled her panties back up her thighs she gathered the boys cum that had
splattered her legs.  She didn't care and was more concerned with covering
herself again.  In the back of her mind she was thinking what the boys might do
next, her husband would be home in an hour and was becoming increasingly nervous
the boys might tell her husband anyway.  The two boys were in discussions and
then turned to Julie.  Michael said "we know that your husband will be home
shortly so lets go upstairs, we'll fuck your brains out and get outta her before
he arrives".

Julie quickly made her way upstairs and removed her clothing, lay down on the
bed legs parted ready to accept her faith anything to get the boys out of the
house.  John was first to go and navigated his cock around her hairy navel
before finding the gap.  He sunk his cock into her and began thrusting
vigorously.  Julie lay motionless bar moving herself into a more comfortable
position.  She had a thicker and longer object earlier and Johns didn't make her
too excited.  When he dumped his load into her he withdrew and dressed himself.

Julie waited in position for Michael to mount her but he never did fearing they
would be trapped in the house.  The boys gathered there stuff and thanked their
host for a very enjoyable day.  Julie put on a dressing gown and showed the boys
out as quickly as possible.  Julie shut the door wondering how she could face
those two boys on Monday at school.  She dreaded the thought but still hoped
this was the end of her blackmail experience.

On Monday morning the boys with smiles on their faces handed up their
assignments with the rest of the class.  On the way out of class they prompted
Mrs. Gorman to examine their assignments.  When all the class had left she
rushed to the boys papers among which was a photograph of her screaming impaled
on her own bedpost.  On the reverse of the photograph was her next rendezvous
with the boys.  "Meet in classroom 45 at 1.00 p.m. today" This was one of Julies
regular classrooms and the boys knew shed have a key to get in.

Julie followed the instructions as given and met the boys in the corridor went
into the class and locked the door.  Once inside the boys asked for "just a
quick screw".  Today Julie wore a black trousers and a silk purple blouse and
without hesitation undid her clothes.  The boys were amazed at her cooperation;
good grades in school would be no problem.  She assumed a missionary position on
the floor and waited for the boys.  After two harmless cocks she was once again
free to go.  She was in a difficult position and challenged the boys to go tell
her husband.

A week later after several attempts to meet Mrs. Gorman her husband received a
package showing all of her sexual misdemeanours.  Her marriage was ruined her
husband immediately left the house.  The schools board was next to be informed,
Julie had a big decision to make.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stravinsky


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





