BDSM Library - It's A Man's World




It's A Man's World
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A perverted man picks up an unlucky hitch-hiker. He rapes her, humiliates her, abuses her, and trains her to become his willing sex-slave.
IT'S A MAN'S WORLD

Of course, this story is pure fiction!


HITCH-A-RIDE

Damn. How could she be so stupid. She should have payed more attention to the
clock. Now she missed the last nightbus out of town. To her house was at least 3
hours walking, and hitch-hiking at this hour doesn't look attractive either.
Anyway, the party was nice, and she had some fun. OK, let's walk.

Marian was an attractive girl, 21 years old, blond hair, short haircut. She was
not particulary tall or thin, even a little chubby, but she had a sexy
appearance that made most boys looking at her with more than normal interest.
Her breasts were large (D-cup), and somehow she was proud to show them. She was
wearing her favourite party dress: a short skirt with a tight shirt. She enjoyed
being admired...

Suddenly, a car stopped by the deserted road. The door opened: "Hey, can I offer
you a ride?". Marian looked in the car. The driver was a middle aged man, with
grey hair and a friendly face. Not the rapist kind... "I am alone, so don't
worry. It's up to you.", he continued. The comfortable car seat made Marian
decide. "Well OK. I need to get off at Damian's crossing."



The ride was pleasant. Frank, as the driver called himself, was friendly and
talked a lot. Marian did not even notice that the car left the highway and drove
into the thick forrest around her home town. "I can understand you don't have a
car. With all the taxes, driving a car has become so very expensive.", Frank
sighed. "Actually, I am thinking of selling mine." "I would love to pay for the
ride, but I have spend all of my money at the party.", Marian answered. Frank
looked sideways to the girl. "Yes, it's a pity. You try to be nice to people,
but usually, you do not get anything in return.", Frank complained. Marian feld
sorry: "I really would like to help you somehow." Frank looked at the girl and
said: "You can show me your titties. That will do for the ride." Marian was in
shock: "What?!!!". "You heard me. I would like to see your tits. Otherwise, you
may walk from now on."

Marian was stoned. What now? Showing her breasts to a stranger was not a nice
thought, but walking through this dark forrest was even less attractive. "OK.
But no touching.", she said, and lift up her shirt. She removed her bra and
pulled out her large tits. The car has stopped on a sand road. "Hmmm... nice
tits, baby." Marian pulled her shirt down, but freightened when Frank shouted
agressively: "Have I told you to pul our shirt down? I was not finished yet!"
"S-ssorry", Marian stuttered, and lifted her shirt up again. "Stupid slut. I
have enough of your tits. Show me your pussy." Now Marian became really scared.
"N-nno way.", she tried to sound steady, but knew she was not. This was no game,
Frank seemed serious. "Look, stupid whore. There is no one who is going to help
you here. You have no choice but doing as you are told, unless you like to be
raped or killed. I am not hurting you, I am not touching you. I am bringing you
home, just show me your pussy, that's all. I promise." Marian hesitated. But
Frank was impatient: "Show me your cunt NOW!!!". As fast as she could, Marian
pulled up her skirt and pulled her panties down. The dim car light enlighted a
small line of pubic hair. Marian always keeped her pussy trimmed. "That is not a
cunt, that is pubic hair. Spread your legs, slut, so I can see it all." Marian
turned to Frank and opened her legs. Frank looked satisfied. "Now spread your
lips." Marian shiverd as her cold hands touched her warm private parts. "Nice.
Now put your middle finger in that wet hole of yours." "Pp-pplease. Don't make
me do this." Frank was  "I am sick of your crying, fucking slut. You are going
to finger your filthy cunt now, if you don't want to be raped or hurt. I am not
hurting you, I have promised. I'll let you go after that." Marian fingered
herself, although the threats of Frank not really excited her... Still, she
could feel her pussy getting wet under her fingers, and after a few minutes she
faked an orgasm.

"A-are you going to bring me home now?", Marian asked with a dim voice. She felt
humiliated. "Sure.", Frank said. But suddenly her grabbed Marian with her hair
and pulled her forwards. He grabbed her wrists and before Marian was aware of
what happened, her arms were torn on her back. Marian tried to fight back, but
Frank was surprisingly strong; so Marian could not prevent that her arms were
cuffed on her back. SMASH! Frank slapped her face twice. "Bitch!" When she was
blindfolded, she was shouting: "You promised not to hurt me! Let me go!" "I am
sorry, slut, but the looks on your pussy just changed my mind. But for now, be
silent please.", and Frank pushed Marians' panties deep in her throat. A piece
of duct tape prevented the cloth from falling out. Marian thought she choked.
She tried to scream, but she couldn't. He threw the unfortunate girl on the
backseat and tied her ankles. Marian felt how the car was moving again, and the
fear became unbearable.


After a long ride -at least several hours- the car stopped. Marian heard how the
back door was opened, and a strong hand pulled her by her hair out of the car.
Her ankles were untied, and she was pushed forwards. She could feel a sharp
blade of a knife pointing in her back. "Walk, slut. No jokes or you are dead.",
Frank sounded decissive. Marian was pushed inside a house, at least it was a
little warmer here. She almost fell, and was slapped again. "Watch your steps,
cunt!" Violently, she was pushed over a table. Her ankles were forced apart and
tied to the oppposite legs of the table. Het hands were tied above her head on
the other side. It was very uncomfortable, the ropes cut into the little girl's
flesh. There she stood, vulnerable, bend over the table, legs spread, arms above
her head, not able to move her legs or arms.

The bindfold was removed, and Marian found herself in a living room. The room
was quite spacious, and nicely decorated. Frank was standing before Marian. In
his hands he carried a big knife. "Wellcome, darling. We are going to have some
fun, don't we? I guess you don't mind if I take off your clothes? After all, you
were eager to show me all in the car, weren't you?" With his big knife, cutting
the shirt and skirt of marian was easy. She was naked now, bend over the table.
Frank looked at her. He could see her inviting juicy pussy lips right below her
chubby ass. A beautiful piece of fuckmeat. He felt his cock growing in his
pants. "You were such an easy slut, spreading your legs in my car. That can be
dangerous, honey, do you know what 'rape' means? It means that pussy-hungry men
ram their dicks into unwilling pussies. And even though I believe that you are
far from unwilling, I love to pretend so for my own enjoyment. Still, I am not a
bad guy. I am currently looking at two options, both are open so to say... Let's
make a deal: you may decide whether I will rape your pussy or your ass." Frank
walked over to the other side of the table, and moved his face close to
Marians': "So tell me, shall I ram my fat dick into your tight little asshole?"
Marians' eyes grew big from fear, and she vigourously shook her head. "Well OK,
your sweet little pussy then?" Marian nodded; this was the most horrible choice
of her life. Frank looked at the little girl and laughed, hard and
sarcastically. He kept on laughing, his face was so close, it frightened Marian.
"You're such a naieve little whore. You really think I care about what you want,
don't you? I like your ass, so I am going to fuck your ass." And Frank walked
back to the other side of the table. He pulled down his pants and grabbed his
cock. With both hands he spread the ass cheeks apart and smiled at the brown
hole staring at him. He spitted on it and violently pushed his hard cock deep
inside the virgin asshole. Marian had never been ass-fucked before, the idea
alone used to disgust her. The burning pain when Frank enteerd her was so
intense, she bited on the cloth in her mouth. Tears rolled down her face. Frank
pumped his dick in and out the tight asshole, meanwhile slapping the girls face.
"Fucking whore, filthy slut!" Marian felt so humiliated and dirty. Although it
took no more than a few minutes, it felt like half an hour before Frank finally
blew his load into the poor girls' ass. He pulled his dick out and walked out of
the room, leaving his victim behind.


It could have been the next morning, when Frank finally returned. He was still
carrying the big knife. He walked towards Marian, who was still tied. The tight
ropes had made her legs and arms senseless. Frank pulled her head up by her hair
and pushed the blade of the knife on her throat. Marian felt the fear coming up
again. "Listen very carefully, slut. If you want to hold on to your life, please
follow these rules. One. Just for your own safety, just do everything I tell you
to. Immediately and without questioning. Understand?" Marian nodded. "Two. It is
clear that I am in command. So from now on you call me Master. Anyway, you are
only allowed to speak when I entitle you. Absolutely no shouting. Three. From
now on, you have no identity. You are not even a human being. Just a toy. So you
will be addressed as slut, cunt or whore. Violating any of these rules will be
severely punished. And I do mean severly. Understand, cunt?"Marian nodded again.
Frank untied Marians' arms and cuffed them again. It went so quickly, that even
if she would have the power to resist, it would have been useless. Frank untied
her legs: "If I see you kicking, you're history, whore. Now turn around and
climb on the table." Marian turned around. There she stood, naked before her
kidnapper who brutally raped her. Her ass was pushed to the table. She started
to jump on the tabel, but her hands were cuffed, so it was not easy. Frank
pushed her a little, and so she finally got on the table. Immediately, Frank
pushed her backwards, and pulled her arms over her head. Her arms were tied to
the table again, her legs were still free. "OK, baby. Spread your legs, like you
did in my car." Marian hesitated, not knowing what to do. FLASH! Frank
impatiently slapped Marians' face and pushed the tip of the knife in her right
cheek: "Fucking whore, open your legs NOW!" Marian did, and her legs were tied
to the table again. Now she was laying on her back, her pussy open and exposed.
Her mouth was dry from the cloth that had been there for hours... Frank left the
room, and came back with a razor and cream. Without a word, he shaved the spread
cunt before him. "Well, that's better. Now we all have a clear view on what's
going to happen.", and Frank pulled down his pants. For the first time, Marian
saw the penis of her kidnapper. It was a big one, and again fully erected.
Without further hesitation, Frank pushed his hard cock in the smooth slave cunt.
Marian closed her eyes as Frank  entered her. FLASH! "Open your eyes, whore!
Look at your cunt. Look at my dick entering your pussy. No permission required.
Your cunt is mine. Mine! Understand, slut?" Marian looked down over her body.
She could see the man pumping his dick in and out her pussy. "OK slut, I want to
hear you beg. I'll remove your panties from your mouth. For your information,
there is no other house within the next kilometer, and the walls are soundproof.
If I hear any shouting from you, I'll kill you." To emphasize his last words,
Frank pushed the tip of his knife on the naked skin of the terrified girl. With
one tug, Frank removed the duct tape and removed the pants out of marian's
mouth. She was delighted to be able to breathe freely. Marian sounded desperate:
"Please, let me go. Please???" Frank pushed his knife deep into the girls flesh.
A drop of blood appeared. "Shut up, cunt. Don't you do that ever -and I mean
ever- again. Now tell me what you are, and what you need." "I-I am a slut,
Master...", Marian whispered. "What do you say? Harder, slut!" Marian looked at
the big knife on her naked skin. She scraped her throat: "M-mmaster, please. I
am your slut. I need to be fucked now. Please fuck my slave cunt. I need it.".
It was more of a frightened cry. Marian was scared to death.


Frank violently continued to push his dick in and out the young girls' vagina.
"Come on slut, tell me how nasty you are. Tell me how you like this." Marian was
almost crying: "Y-yyess Master. Fuck me. Rape me. I am a filthy slut. A whore. I
deserve it." Frank keeped on pumping until he finally blew his load. He pulled
out and walked around the table. "Look at me." Marian left her head and looked
at the man who just raped her. "You are a cunt. Your only goal is to please me,
your feelings are insignificant. The only things that matter to me are your
cunt, ass and mouth, because I can put my dick in it. Now I am going to untie
you. Don't try to run or do anything stupid." Marian felt dirty. She was untied
and thrown on the floor. Even if she wanted to, she wouldn't have the power to
escape. "I guess we need a clean-up, don't we. Crawl to the door, like a dog."
Frank walked behind the crawling girl, meanwhile kicking her ass. She was
brought into a spacious bathroom. "On your knees, cunt, and open your mouth.
Start cleaning my cock with your tongue, whore." Marian tasted a strange mixture
of her own shit, cunt juices, piss and semen. It almost made her threw up.
Unexpectedly, Frank grabbed her hair and pulled it backwards, so marian was
looking upright. "Open your mouth wide, slut!" And then a warm golden flow of
piss was flowing through Marian's mouth. "Swallow, cunt." This was disgusting.
Marian swallowed, but couldn't help that some piss flowed along her face and
body on the floor. It took almost half a minute until Frank emptied her bladder
in his slave's mouth. "You are a worthless toilet slave. Look at what you
spilled on my bathroom floor. You are going to clean it. Lick it up. NOW!"
Marian dropped on her knees, and started to lick up the piss from the floor.
FLASH! Marian felt a sudden, painful strike on her ass cheeks. She saw how Frank
was carrying a leather whip, he was hitting her like an animal. "Yes, baby,
welcome to my world. The world where women are really appreciated. Tell me, fat
ass, how many dicks including mine have entered your pleasure holes?" Marian
hesitated: "ehh, three." FLASH! "Three what?" "I have had three men, Master."
Frank laughed sadistically: "Three? I guess you are a little too selective for a
slut. But that will change soon, my dear. From now on you will understand that
men are naturally superior to women. As a women you need to follow every command
of every men you will meet, wherever and whenever. Understand, stupid cunt?"
Marian nodded: "yess Master", she whispered softly. "Well, soon you can show me
what you learned. On your knees now. Suck my dick while I make some
arrangements.", Frank spoke, while reaching for his mobile phone. Marian took
Franks dick into her mouth. For a minute she thought of biting, but her fear of
death chased this thought. Franks dick reacted immediately, and became hard.
"Suck it, whore." Marian has only sucked once, and didn't like it at all. But
now she was brutally forced to. Frank grabbed her hair and face-fucked the poor
girl while holding the telephone. "Hi Jeff. You feel for dropping by? I have
something that may interest you."




OBEDIENCE

After Marian has cleaned the bathroom floor, she was ordered to get up in a
standing position. Her hands were cuffed above her head on the bar that held the
shower curtain. She couldn't help to start crying again. "Spread your legs cunt,
and stop crying." Marian could see herself in the bathroom mirror: a helpless
little girl, exposed to a sadistical maniac. Frank, still carrying the leather
whip, walked around her. "A good friend of mine is coming. I don't want to be
embarrassed by you. You will address me as your Daddy, and him as Sir. Follow
each command immediately, no discussions. Understand?" FLASH. The strike on
Marians' bare ass emphasized Franks' words. "Y-yess Daddy.", Marian stuttered.
"If I snap my fingers, you walk slowly towards him, and ask him nicely if you
may show him your cunt. Remind that showing your cunt means your legs spread
apart, slut." FLASH. "You are a whore. That means your cunt is open to anyone I
entitle to. And I do mean anyone!" FLASH! Frank kept walking around Marian, who
bowed down her head. Frank put on the shower and cleaned his slave. The water
was cold between her legs. Frank untied the girl. "Over there is a towel and
some clothes - no underwear of course. Get dressed, slut."

Marian put on the clothes that Frank gave her: a tight shirt and a short skirt.
Immediately thereafter, the door bell rang. "Get to the living room, and sit
down on your knees, whore." Frank opened the door: "Hi Jeff. Come on in." Jeff
was a large, athletic type of guy. Blonde hair and a grim face. "Hi Frank,
what's up?" "Well, take a look. Isn't she a beauty? Just found her along the
highway. Tight ass, juicy cunt and a good cock-sucker. I want to keep her here
for a while. I think the slut knows by now that trying to escape is useless. Sit
down. Want a beer?" Jeff zipped his beer and looked at the girl with interest.
Frank snapped his finger: "Maybe you can introduce yourself a little bit, dear?"
Marian feld her heart beating in her throat: "Yes, Daddy. Sir, I am my Daddy's
slut. You can do with me as you please. Please allow me to show you my wet slave
cunt?" Frank looked with pride. Marian laid down on the floor and spreaded her
legs, while lifting up her ass, providing Jeff a superior view on her shaven
slit. "Turn around baby, so I can watch your ass." Immediately, Marian turned
around and sticked her ass high up in the air. Jeff felt his dick growing in his
pants. "Crawl to Jeff, slut, and beg him to suck his cock.", Frank commanded.
Marian did. "Please Sir, let me suck your cock. I need it. I am a whore.
Please?" Of course, Jeff did not object. It was the second dick she tasted in
less than an hour, and she felt more humiliated than ever. Jeffs cock was huge,
but he pushed it deep in the back of her throat, so Marian felt like choking.
"Does your mom know you're here?", Jeff asked sarcastically. For a moment,
Marian paused, but immediately Frank kicked her hard in her back. "Suck it,
bitch!" Marian continued while tears rolled down from her cheeks. Finally Jeff
came, and threw Marian on the floor. "Well done, slut. Swallow it, NOW!" Marian
swallowed it and thought for a moment she had to puke. This was all so
disgusting...

 "What are we gonna do to prevent her parents from searching this beauty?", Jeff
asked. Frank laughed: "Well, don't worry. We're 2 states away from her parents,
and this slut here is going to tell her parents that her life has made a radical
turn. Based on free will of course." Frank took out his mobile phone again, and
commanded Marian: "Crawl to me slut, and give me a blow job!". As Marian's mouth
worked hard on Franks' stiff cock, Frank entered the number of a sex-date line
and placed an ad: "My 19 year old daughter needs punishment. Free ass fucking
for the first 10 reactions." It took only a few seconds until the first
reactions appeared, many men were interested. He answered all of them, and fixed
some dates with 10 men who lived nearby. He hang up and let Marian finish him
off. Then he pulled her hair firmly, looked into her scared eyes, and spoke to
her: "If you want to get out of here alive, please listen carefully. You will
become a movie star soon. When we start the camera, you are going to tell your
mom that you ain't coming home. You are sick of their prudity and good manners,
and you want something else with your life. You want to be a sex object for the
rest of your life, and to emphasize this, you will let your parents witness your
first act: you have invited 10 strangers to fuck your ass. When the men arrive,
you will kindly tell them that you are a slut, and you will ask them to fuck
your ass, because you need it, not because you have to. You say you will
understand that their dicks may get dirty, so that you will be happy to clean
them afterwards. Then you will bend over the table, spread your cheeks and asks
the first one to come over. We will tape everything. Understand, cunt?!!" Marian
cryed out: "Nnnoooo! You can't make me do that, I am never gonnnaaaah.." With
full power, Frank kicked his boot into the stomach of the poor girl, who
immediately fell down. Frank grabbed his knife and walked to her: "I can finish
you right now. Just say 'no' once more, slut."




MOVIE STAR

"Daddy, I have made up my mind. You are right: I am a worthless whore. I need to
serve you by all means. Please let me make a movie to explain my parents",
Marian said with a soft voice. Frank had given her 10 minutes time to make a
decision. It was a horrible choice: either be a fuckslave for the rest of her
life, or getting her throat cut. She knew that Frank was able to keep his
promise in case she would choose the latter option.

"OK Jeff, you are our video specialist. Let's roll!", Frank said, and throwed a
small digital video camera towards Jeff. "We have 2 hours before our guests will
arrive." Frank ordered Marian to put on her dress and sit down in the middle of
the living room. "Make it sound convincing, baby, or your sweet little pussy
will be heavily tortured.", he said to her. It took not more than 3 takes until
the shot was completed. She convincingly confessed that she decided to become a
porn star -on free will.She appealed for any role in any movie - as long as it
was a dirty one. Of course, now she was going to make a demo, to show her
capabilities. Jeff staged her play. Undress slowly. Show your breasts, spread
your legs. We need a few close ups. Then turn around and show your ass.
Fingerfuck yourself. Marian did as she was ordered to. She patiently watched
Jeff when he was making close-up shots of her inner theighs. She moaned as she
fingered herself, and turned on all fours to expose her rear end. Finally, Jeff
was satisfied. "OK, now we have to prepare you for part 2 of this movie...",
Frank concluded.

Walking on all fours, Marian was dragged by her hair to another room. The looks
in this room really frightened the little girl. It was a sound-proof, spacious
room. There were no windows, it had a concrete floor with white ceramic on the
walls. The furniture consisted of a large wooden table, a big luxuary chair and
a cupboard. A large assortiment of whips, cuffs and clamps decorated the wall.
"Wellcome to my pleasuredome, my dear.", Frank laughed sarcastically, and he
grabbed a blindfold from the cupboard. "P-p-pplease don't hurt me", Marian
cried. Frank acted furiously. He slapped Marian on her face and shouted: "Shut
up slut. You just agreed to be my slave, so you lost any right for speaking. I
don't want to be bothered by what you think or feel. So, get on your knees and
put your hands behind your back." His hard voice intimidated Marian sufficiently
to follow his order in silence. A blindfold took her sight on the room, and she
felt how her hands and ankles were cuffed behind her back. The waiting seemed
endlessly. Finally the doorbell rang, and she heard someone walking out the
room. She didn't dare to move. The doorbell rang once more, and again. Finally
she heard hoe the door was opened again, and she heard several persons stepping
in the room. She knew how they could all see her naked body, and felt intensly
humiliated. "All right guys. This is my slutty daughter. Look at her cunt. Isn't
she a beauty?" She heard approving mumbling from the men around her. "How can we
be sure that we will not be sued for rape?", one of the guys asked. "Good
question. As you can see, my daughter is a true slut. She will beg you for
treatment. We will videotape it and give you your own copy. Your own proof." She
heard the man whistling softly. He was obviously happy with Franks answer. "Now
the rules. Rule one: no respect. She doesn't deserve any respect for serving us,
that's a favour. Rule two: no foreplay. Just force your hard dicks mercylessly
into her tight asshole. After coming, walk to the front and she will clean your
cock. You are allowed to fuck the whore for free once, if you need more it'll
cost you 25 bucks paid in advance." Marian felt how the cuffs were removed, and
finally her blindfold was removed. She saw how 10 guys with hard dicks were
stending around her, and she felt intensly scared. She saw Jeff using the
camera, and Frank giving her a sign. "I am a filthy little slut, and I need to
be punished. I want you all to fuck my ass mercylessly. Please allow me to clean
your hard dicks afterwards. I will thank you for it all. My humble ass is all
yours." She stood up and walked to the upper end of the table. She bend over and
spread her legs, so all the man had free access to her tight asshole. She closed
her eyes, awaiting the unevitable. She felt how two hands spread her cheeks
apart, and a burning pain in her asshole made her almost shout. The man was
forcing his big cock into her asshole. No foreplay, no warning nothing. She
thought that her asshole was ripped apart. This hurted so badly... She felt how
a hand pushed her head down on the table. "Beg me, slut. Beg me to fuck your
ass.", the man shouted in extacy. "P-p-pplease fuck me Sir. Fuck my asshole!",
Marian cried. The man pumped his cock in and out her asshole several times, and
according to Marian, it took almost half an hour before he finally came. "Next",
he said with a grin, and walked to the other end of the table. "Now clean my
dick, worthless cunt.", he ordered. Marian opened her mouth, and the stranger
rigourously pushed his cock down her throat. She almost choked, still tried to
use her tongue to clean it. His cock tasted disgustingly. At the same time she
felt how the next man pushed his cock ruthlessly into her brown hole. "Take it,
whore!", he smiled. She lost counting. It seemed to last hours before all the
men had shot there loads into the poor girls' hole. In her mouth was the taste
of 10 different dicks... She could hear them leaving one by one. She felt sick.

They left - all but one. "I like the way you trained your daughter.", he
complimented Frank: "Me and my wife are educating my daughter too. She is just
18, and already a well-trained fuck toy. We will be proud to show her." Frank
was interested. "Please come along tonight. Until then, my daughter is yours."
The man didn't need further encouraging. He walked to the table and turned
Marian around, so she was laying on her back on the large, wooden table. "Spread
your legs, honey." Marian could feel how the man entered her pussy and started
to fuck her. It took a long while before he came; finally he zipped his pants
up. "Nice cunt. I am sure you will like mine." the man said as he left the room.
Marian felt dirty, and was in shock... How many more of these animals exist?




KIM

It was 8 pm as the doorbell rang. Marian was naked, and tied to a wooden kitchen
chair. She still felt her asshole burning from the long afternoon. After a
minute Frank walked into the living room, followed by the man that Marian has
seen earlier and his wife. The man was big, in his fourties, about 1.90 m tall
and bold. The woman was smaller, 1.75 m or so, a little younger and wore a
leather skirt and a tight shirt. She was blond and had large breasts. Behind the
two adults a little girl entered the room. She was obviously an asian girl, with
long black hair. She was pretty, with tiny young girls' breasts. She wore a
short dress and a collar, and although she looked young, she had a very sexy
-almost slutty- appearance. The woman looked at Marian. "That's the filthy slut
you fucked today, Ben?", she asked. Ben nodded. "She's fat. My dear, you don't
have any standards, have you?" Ben seemed embarrassed. "This is Kim, our
daughter. Isn't she beautiful?", the woman turned to Frank. Frank was impressed.
He always felt for asian girls. "Take off your dress, and show the man what he
wants.", the woman ordered. A little shy, Kim took off her dress. She was naked
underneath. Her breasts were small, her pussy shaven. Frank felt his cock
harden. "On all fours" Kim dropped down and crawled towards her Mistress. She
attached a belt to her collar, and walked with her through the room. As Kim was
walking towards the door, Frank could see her tight little pussy lips between
the young girls thighs. Ben looked proud at her little girl. The woman led Kim
to Frank, turned her around so her ass was poining towards him, and ordered
"Drop!". Immediately, Kim dropped her head down on the floor, and pushed her ass
in the air. Now Frank had a supurb view on her intimates, and he felt really
horny. Oh, he wanted to fuck this girl so badly. Spontaneously, Kim started to
finger herself, right before Frank, who almost exploded.

The woman dragged the little girl on her hair and forced her into a sitting
position. "Open your mouth, little cunt.", she ordered, and lifted up her skirt.
She was also not wearing any underwear, and had a nicely trimmed pussy. Kim
opened her mouth, and her Mistress placed her cunt right above it. "Now lick me"
Immediately, Kims' tongue started to move around the womans' clit, who was
obviously pleased. "Very nice. Now lick my ass." Kim shove her tongue a little
downwards, to the brown hole of the woman above her. "Put your tongue in there,
whore." She was obviously experienced. Ben and Frank enjoyed the scene.
Suddenly, the woman grabbed Kims' hair and pulled it backwards. "Open wide,
slut!", she shouted, and at the same time a warm flood of yellow piss flooded
out of the womans' vagina, straight into the little girls' mouth. Kim did not
seem surprised, but guzzled the warm fluid without hesitation. Just a few drops
dripped from her chin, but she handily used her tongue to keep them in. "This
slut is the best urinal you can get", Ben concluded. The view of the 2 women,
the Mistress standing, the slave humble kneeling, excited Fank. He was impressed
by the obedience of the little girl. He had a lot of work to do until Marian was
that well educated.

The woman finished her work with kim and grabbed a whip. "Get on the table,
slut.", and whipped the little girl on her ass. As a dog, the small asian teen
crawled to the table and climbed on it. She laid on her back. Ben walked towards
her; he was holding a rope and a blindfold. "Arms above your head." Ben tied her
arms on the far end of the table and walked back to the other side. "Legs
apart." Obediently, the girl opened her legs. Ben securely tied her legs to the
opposite table legs, so that her legs were spread wide apart. The woman, who was
called Liz, stood for the girl with the whip in her hands. "Ten times to warm
her up", she said. FLASH! The first stroke landed betweeh the little girls'
thighs. Frank saw her little face twitching from agony. FLASH! A second stroke
hit her clit, she sprawled for a moment but the rope was securely tightened.
FLASH! The flogging left red marks on her inner thighs. Finally, number ten hit
her and Liz turned away from the little girl: "Brave girl." Ben placed a
blindfold over the eyes of the naked teen, and turned to Frank. "Ever fucked a
young asian teen cunt? She's wide open for you.", he invited. Frank walked to
the table and saw the hairless cunt spread on his table. He shove his
middlefinger into her pussy. Her hole was soft and wet. Frank pulled down his
pants and grabbed his cock. Liz looked in admiration. "Nice dick. You can fuck
me too if you want.", she said. Frank pushed his swollen penis into the little
girls' cunt, and started to fuck her. Meanwhile, Liz fingered herself, making
sure that Frank could see her. She was obviously impressed by Franks'
appearances. Ben looked amused. He obviously didn't mind that his wife showed
her appreciation. "Fuck the slut! Rape the dirty whore. Fuck her hard!", Liz
encouraged Frank. Frank could feel how tight this little girls' cunt was; he
pumped his dick in and out the girl, and finally pulled his dick out and walked
to the far end of the table. "Open your mouth, slut", Frank ordered. Ben grabbed
Kims' head so that she could not move away. Frank yerked himself off, and a
large load of cum squirted all over her face. It was a messy facial, but Kim
immediately started to clean herself, making sure not to spill any cum. Frank
was satisfied, and for a moment they relaxed on the couch. But Liz had already
untied Kim, and put her on her knees in front of the two men. "We have to leave
soon, it's bedtime for our little girl. But do the men like some desert?" They
didn't need any more encouragement and stood up before the little girl. Without
hesitation, Kim opened the zippers of both trousers and took out the swollen
dicks of both men. She obviously was an experienced cock-sucker and took both
dicks in turn deep into her mouth. Her hands gently enclosed both dicks. Both
men came, at the same time, into the mouth of the asian slave girl. Without any
grin on her face, she swallowed both loads. The men pulled back their dicks and
Kim was ordered to get dressed. Liz attached the belt again, and then they left.
"We wil defenitely meet again, don't you agree?" Frank agreed. This asian slut
sure was a good fuck. Marian was disgusted by the perverted scene. She was still
tied to the chair, and had observed it all. How much more humiliation could she
bear?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Peter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





