BDSM Library - The Cat Is Trapped




The Cat Is Trapped
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A traveling young girl who has a night-time fetish as a "furry" cat burglar ... and meets her match! This story is a re-write of a story by DarkShadow_Eternal.
The Cat Is Trapped




Chapter One
The Introduction

	At around 2 this afternoon, I returned to my condo in the valley.  The
past 2 hours of stepdown aerobics still has me feeling quite refreshed and
energized.  I pulled into the driveway, and saw the familiar Mercedes 450SL
parked in front of the lavish home next door to me.  "Ah, he's home", I muttered
with a wicked tone. 
	I slipped my key into the front door and went inside.  I pranced happily
thru the hallway, up the stairs and into my favorite part of my home, my
bedroom.  The cool blue, rose and black hues are well-lit by the late afternoon
sunshine poking through the venetian curtains.  The air is lightly scented with
sea spirit incense and my 5 candles lit around the room.  I fell down onto my
large oak 4-post bed with the frilly canopy and just dozed for a little while. 
You see, this is my hideaway spot.  Even my 3 little kittens are all curled up
on my bed against the rose silken pillows. 
	A few hours later, I woke up from my nap.  The sweaty clothes I tear off
as I walk into the master bathroom to take my shower/bath.  As the hot water
coursed around the tub, I began to daydream about this evening's adventure.  But
first, a little bit of background on myself. 
	I am only 27 years old, and being in a new town is not new for me, being
a military brat and all.  I have been to several towns across America, due to
the necessities of my dad's job when I was younger.  For the past few years
though, my new lifestyle has taken over.  "What is it?", you ask.  "Not so
fast".  I will tell all in due time. 
	My name is Heidi, but all my close friends call me, Cat.  I have raised
3 orphaned kittens from almost newborns.  I arrived here in the Valley hoping to
start my junior level of college.  However, that's not completely true as you
will realize later on in my story.  When most people see me for the first time,
they think, "Wow, such a pretty and nice girl and so polite, too."  Little do
they realize what a freak I am underneath that "nice" persona.  I have so many
"alternative" interests, that I would make people run scared.  I am anything,
but typical.  Realistically, I was born and raised in Minnesota with parents who
love me very much and whom I think the world of.  How I got started in my line
of work is a whole other story, but I think its safe to say...that it brings out
the "cat" in me.
	I am the tallest woman in my family standing 5'6" and a very athletic
135 pounds.  I work out 3 times a day doing aerobics and flexibility training so
I can keep in my peak physical condition for my adventurous hobby.   My hair is
the color of midnight, and I have it  braided like Bo Derek in "10". People tell
me I even walk cat-line in my prancing little crimson-toed feet.  I rarely wear
shoes when I am at home, but then again I'm rarely at home.  And even "home"
isn't exactly permanent, as my job dictates that I move around a lot.  But, I so
do want to settle down.  I just haven't met the right man to soothe the savage
beast inside of me and who can meet my freakish desires and requirements.  I
have no living family left, and unfortunately have a small number of close
friends. 
	As I daydreamed in my bath, I wondered about Mr. Dean next door.  From
what I can see, he does have a lot of money, but seems to spend it rather
quietly on himself.  He's about 35 I would say, and a nice physique for a young
man of his age.  I have been watching his movements for about the past month or
so, and I notice that he loves cooking outside, he enjoys his mountain bike (as
do I) and enjoys the pleasant music of soft jazz (which I hear nightly coming
from his deck surrounded by the tiki torches.
	As I dried off, I couldn't help admiring myself in the floor-length
mirror my mom bought me last June.  The casting sunlight danced across my body
and gave it a healthy glow that seemed like an aura.  "God, if I were a man, I'd
be going nuts right now!", I whispered to myself absentmindedly.  The past 6
months of hard workouts has shown itself in my toned and muscled abs and legs,
as well as my firm breasts of 34c.  My petite 23" waist is looking better than
ever, and it produces such curves in my hips and bottom that I even cannot
believe the change from a year ago. 
	I got up and went into my walk-in closet and put on a soft black sheer
sundress and went outside without shoes, as usual.  I went out into the backyard
to enjoy the sunset, and that's when I noticed my sexy neighbor, Mr. Alexander
Dean, standing by his bar-b-q pit on his deck. 
	Mr. Dean wore his navy blue shirt with the button-down front and his
khaki slacks, while lightting his bar-b-que.  If he only knew that in the next
72 hours, his whole life will come crashing down around him...thanks to one
precocious little kitten named, Heidi!  And little did I know that that event
would eventually make my life complete...well read on...
	"Hi, neighbor", I yelled, This is the first time I've really been able
to talk to him since I had moved to the Valley.  "My name is Heidi, what's
yours?"  Well, all I know is that he was rather taken by me, which is all the
better for me in the long run.  He stopped putting steaks on his grill and
walked over to the fence where I was standing.  "Hi, my name is Alex...Alex
Dean...nice to meet you."   As we shook hands, I got this odd feeling like I had
met him before or something.  I don't know, but the feeling went away rather
quickly.  "I'm cooking for just me, if you'd care to join me?"   Hmmm, what a
perfect way to "get to know him".  I gladly took him up on the offer.  "Sure,
I'd love it.  I'll go into my kitchen and get us some wine for dinner".  As I
went inside, I quickly planned my next plan of attack for Mr. Dean.
	I walked out of house and went over to Mr. Dean's with 2 cold bottles of
Sauvignon Blanc, 1988, in one hand and 2 fluted wine glasses in the other.  My
black sundress flowing behind me like waves of the moon flying across the night
sky.  It fitted my body perfectly, and I noticed Mr. Dean watching me with a
keen sense of anticipation.  I noticed that he had on a nice Rolex watch, but no
other jewelry to speak of.  His Wayfarer sunglasses hung from around his neck,
and he had a Polo sweater around his neck.  "How preppy", I thought, "but, oh is
he cute!"  I sat down gracefully into the lounge chair he presented to me. 




Chapter Two
The House Tour

	I didn't know it, but I could swear Mr. Dean was boring holes into me. 
I felt his heat from far away.  Mr. Dean, much to her surprise, came up behind
her and grabbed her around the waist, looked deeply into her chocolate brown
eyes and said, "Before dinner, shall I give you the fifty-cent tour of my
home?", he asked.  "Sure, I would love that!", I replied quickly.  How would I
have guessed he'd let me case his house with him pointing out all his artifacts. 
This is too good.  He's doing my layout work for me.  (If you hadn't guessed by
now, I'm what people would call a "cat-burlar".  So its my calling, what can I
say?  Actually, I don't take much...maybe something just to add to my collection
of fetish gear, or something like that.  I know, I know, weird, huh? But that's
me.  Well back to my story...)
	I notice that he has no motion detectors, motion sensors or anything
else for that matter, which leads me to believe his alarm system is more
sophisticated that I thought.  In the main living area, I do notice a large
screen projection satellite television which is worth about $50,000 now.  There
was a huge collection of DVD's and videotapes along the far wall of various
forms and titles.  	
	In the den, I found a nice collection of old books, erotica, mysteries,
etc.  Near the east wall I noticed a large black leather couch and coffee table
made of leather with a solid glass top.  The desk too was made of mahogany, but
the surface was inlaid black leather.  "Hmmm, I'm getting a good vibe from all
of this leather", I noted.  This is looking very promising.  You see, I have an
"extreme" fetish with leather and latex and the like. 
	Mr. Dean smiled as he watched his new neighbor explore his house.  Her
crimson painted toes were delicately figured on the huge deep carpet beneath her
feet.  As she passed in front of the windows, he could see her nude shape just
bristling to get out of her clothing.  The sun was catching her just right, and
he actually found himself drooling slightly.  He shook his hands in a rather
lecherous manner, as he thought of such wicked thoughts for her.  If only he has
enough time to capture her. 
	Mr. Dean led me out the door, and as I swung my arms I felt such a burst
of energy coming from his crotch as my hand lightly swept passed.  I looked up
at him and saw him smiling so provocatively at me, that it made me melt.  I knew
my sex was pouring out of me, and I knew he could smell me.  Just that idea made
me shake with a tiny orgasm right then and there.
	"Well, that's the whole tour", he concluded.  Just then his pager went
off like crazy.  "I'm sorry but I need to get to my office.  Apparently,
someone's broken into the safe there", he informed me.  "Oh, that's okay", I
replied, "I'll take a raincheck".  "I'll probably be gone all night, so maybe
tomorrow night would be better".  "Much better and I hope everything is okay at
your office", I told him as he disappeared into the house.  Mr. Dean was quickly
gone out the door thinking, "Ah...now let her play".




Chapter Three
The Cat Prepares For The Night

	Well this is working out perfectly.  Now, I have all night to explore
his home and make my getaway by morning.  I ran into my house, up the stairs as
quickly as I could.  I ran into my bedroom, and found myself actually panting
and my pussy soaking wet because now I was to be able to be a cat again.  That
is my major fetish...I'm a FURRY.
	   You see, I acquired my nickname for my cat fetish, among other
things.  Like I said earlier, I have 3 orphaned kittens.  I just relate to them
like someone relates to dogs or other things.  I have this inborn love,
attraction and passion for anything remotely "catlike".  I even move and prance
like a cat when I walk.  Most men and some women I have captured their eye
simply by my movements.  I move like a cat with great stealth and grace and
skill, which is, I guess, your ultimate "cat-burglar" stereotype.
	I reach into the far back reaches of my closet and pull out my "night
clothes".  I made a special costume for my nightly jobs that I like to do so
much.  (Now I must warn you....I am a freak on the prowl so I hope I don't
"freak" anyone out by what you'll read next). 
	My special costume suits my liking and my alternative styles.  The black
spandex hood worn around my head is completely whole minus the holes for my
eyes, nose and mouth.  I handsewn the crafted leather cat ears on top.  The
spandex/latex feet are made with cowhide leather glued to the bottoms for better
grip and silenced movements.  I have sewn a long black velvet tail onto the rear
by my bottom.  Inside, is where the freakish part begins.  I have a 4" long and
2" wide latex/rubber butt plug that I use to secure the tail to the costume
better than needle and thread.
	My catsuit fits me nicely.  The black spandex/latex wraps my body
entirely from head to toe in its silky smoothness.  I run around the room and
play with my kittens.  I'm as happy as a kitten now.  My body is surging with
sexual arousal, as well, as I do not wear anything underneath my suit.  The
latex forms a nice 2nd skin and molds greatly around my body.  My clit rubs
against it every time my heart beats, so you can understand my glee and
happiness.  I am one big erogenous zone now, and I'm in my own little world. 
Now, the time is coming for darkness...




Chapter Four
The Spider's Hiding Place

	Darkness has fallen into the Valley, and now I must begin my prowl. 
He's not expected back till morning, so I have plenty of time to explore Mr.
Dean's little castle.  Let's see...large amount of money, conservative in
nature, expensive alarm system, no cameras or animals of any kind and single
with little or no company expected tonight. 
	I sat here in the top of this tree for a little while contemplating my
next move.  This tree, which was directly next to his massive-sized yard, was a
perfect little perch for me.  I'm sitting on the highest limb wearing my catsuit
and the buttplug snugly and firmly up my tight ass.  This keeps me alert and
highly aroused like a cat in heat.  I so loved the feeling of the texture
against my soft, silken skin.  It encased my nude body and kept the body heat
warming me wonderfully.  My nipples stood erect, as usual, and every nerve
ending in my skin was on fire.  My shapely silhouette was shrouded against the
darkened midnight sky and the almost total darkeness of my surroundings.
	Silently and with catlike agility, I climbed across the large limb and
jumped slightly down onto the roof of Mr. Dean's house.  I climbed down the
little ladder onto the third-floor landing directly underneath the attic
ventilation window.  I carefully pulled back the cover which revealed the 2-foot
opening leading directly into the attic space on the third floor.
	I carefully inspected this door for any alarm triggers, and found none
to speak of.  I slowly opened this door, which revealed a small set of stairs
leading down to the third floor living area.  I hop into this space, because I
preferred to work from the top to the bottom before leaving a house.  The entire
house seems entirely still and eerie...just the way I like it.\
	From room to room I went, but nothing of any notice or value or interest
struck me.  But, I did notice aloof the rooms had some leather accessorizing in
it, which led me further along on this erotic journey.  I am wondering what I
will find next!
	I went down to the 1st floor, and walked into the living room and den,
which I was familiar with.  I started searching the wall for a possible safe or
hidden seal.  Suddenly, my hands came across an upraised area along the wood
paneling.  After I studied the seal, I figured this was a hidden door hiding
something worth checking.  The wall did not sound hollow, which was probably due
to soundproof installation.
	I pushed gently on the door, but it did not give much.  I then tried the
other side.  It slowly started to budge.  I continued pushing until it fully
opened into a small hallway leading to another story.  "Ahh, this is getting
more interesting by the second", I thought.  My body was raging hormones now. 
Talk about being in heat.  My pussy's juices were soaking through, and I could
smell my sex burning a hole through the fabric of my catsuit.  I would have
fucked the first thing that moved.  Heck, I would have fucked the first thing
that couldn't move...a statuette, a spoon...anything. 
	This 2nd door was odd, because it had no doorknobs or handles.  I tried
pushing against it, but it did not go further than half an inch or so.  When I
stopped pushing, it slowly swung outwards revealing a large room completely
dark.  It was even too dark in here for my night vision.  I found a dimmer
switch just to the left of the doorway and gave it a small turn.  As the subdued
red light filled the room, I noticed that the walls, ceiling and floor were
entirely covered and padded with latex, rubber and/or leather surfaces.  The
only lightbulb in the room was barely protruding from the ceiling like
surrounded by a cage of some sort.  "A dungeon, perhaps?", I panted.  This could
not be, because Mr. Dean is so conservative.  I would not think this of him.  My
eyes must be playing tricks on me, I'm sure.
	This room went beyond my wildest dreams.  My body, my senses and my soul
was on fire.  "Could Mr. Dean be my dream man?", I wondered.  The room, large
enough like a large dining room and living room together,   Near the far corner
of the room was a large storage locker about the size of a standard
refrigerator.  As I walked over to it, I discovered that it was completed
encased in black latex even on the handles.  "This all must have cost a
fortune", I decided. 
	Near the opposite corner, I found a small, black chest.  Along the wall
were sets of chains and shackles and handcuffs.  Other than those items, the
room was bare.  Hell, I was happy with just this.  I felt myself cumming just by
being in the room the sense was that powerful. 
	When I finally stopped shaking and the feeling subsided somewhat, I was
able to walk further around the room.  I was very curious about this black
chest, with it being in a totally-padded latex/rubber room and all.  My hands
ran over the surfaces as if I was rubbing along the cock of a God, it felt that
good.  My hormones were on overdrive.  I opened the chest and stopped breathing
for a second.  "Oh my God...its...its...its...oh my god....", I kept screaming
and not afraid if anyone heard me.  I reached inside and pulled out a black
latex catsuit, a latex corvette, latex boots, a black spandex/latex chastity
belt and a latex single black glove.  My nipples are physically hurting me now
and my spandex suit is now fully soaked with my juices.  I lick them from my
fingers after delving them along the crack of my pussy.  "Hmmm...god I taste so
good tonight", I purr. 
	The chastity belt, I found, is metallic and lined with rubber.  The
front plug is 6" long and about 3" wide and made from a hard rubber substance. 
There were several small ridges, and tiny flexible rubber spikes through the
whole shaft.  The rear plug was 8" long and 3" wide and also made of the same
substance.  The rear plug has larger ridges along its entire length.  The straps
that held the plugs were flared and fitted to the waist.  Both had closures and
small miniature seatbelt closures with a small circle like a keyhole.  I'm now
sure how they worked, but I am going to enjoy trying to find out.
	Now, I had to take a peek at these gorgeous boots, as one of my other
fetishes is shoes/boots of any alternative make and model.  Each boot, I found,
went up to my hips with 6" stiletto heels (my fave!)  The toes were as pointy as
the heels.  The latex was extremely stiff material.  At the top of the boot
contained similar closures as those I found on the chastity belt.
	Next, I pulled up the corset.  This was also made from black latex and
was a bit stiff.  The boning was tight and the laces went up the back with
small, soft leather straps fitting them together.  The breast cups were open and
I knew these would lift my 34c breasts so deliciously.  On the back of the
corsets, were again the same closures as the chastity belt and boots.
	My new catsuit (I know that's presumptious but I couldn't help myself)
was soft and shiny black latex.  It looked like it would run my entire body
perfectly, and also had a black hood.  The only holes were for the nose and a
small hole at the top for my hair.  The eyelets had lightly tinted lenses. 
Where the mouthpiece would be, I found a strange hole looking like some sort of
nozzle for some kind of pump.  "Hmm...this is exciting, weird, scary and ooooh
so sexy", I whimpered as I continued my inspection of my new skin. 
	Looking inside the hood, I could see a small, hard, rubber ball.  But,
for the life of me I can't figure out what this is for.  Connected to the front
of the neck of the hood was a built-in collar with the same small closure lock
and bolted to the front of it was a small D-shaped ring.  The rest of the latex
suit looked normal with a zipper flap in the back.  The zipper, however, looked
like it was connected together with the hood zipper at the back of the neck that
the collar would cover.  I toyed with this zipper for a few moments and imagined
the feel of the cold steel running up and down my skin...how it would
feel....oooh....I must move on.
	I reached back into the black chest and pulled out that deliciously-sexy
glove.  I held it up in front of me and let it dangle between my fingers feeling
the coolness of the texture warm my skin.  The laces were made of strong, soft
leather.  At the top, there was another closure lock.  This was all overwhelming
my senses to the point where I could not wait to strip down and put all this
stuff on...not without cumming a few times beforehand.
	I reached back inside looking for more clothing.  Much to my happy
surprise, I found a tube of some type of lubricant.  "Hmmm, this is odd", I
thought.  I cannot wait to put on all these things and test their fit.  I
immediately took off my own catsuit, and finally let my body breathe.  God, it
was like the air was fucking me in every direction.  It was all I could do to
just stand there and take it all in being naked like that.  The air reached
every pore and opening and almost seemed to lick at my wet pussy lips like an
experienced lover.  My pussy was dripping so much liquid that it was forming an
actual puddle beneath me.  I grabbed the tube and immediately applied a small,
but generous, amount to the larger butt plug I had found in the chest.  I
figured I was fine as long as I did not lock the closures.  No need for
lubricant for the one to fit into my pussy, that's for sure.  I placed the long
waist strap around and placed the one end into the other end of the closure with
a soft "click".  Finally, I had all the pieces in place.  The little button
suddenly popped up, and I had unknowingly locked it into place and there I would
remain without the use of some special key that I had not found yet.
	I slid the long sleek dildo-like plug deep up into my pussy, and my
entire body shuddered for what seemed like an earthquake had hit me.  And, I had
not even moved it...only put it into place.  When I was finally able to catch my
breath, I slowly inserted the other one up into my ass.  I had to bend forward
and put my face sideways against a wall, reach behind me and thrust it home.  A
warm and passionate shudder came through me like nothing I had felt before in my
life.  The closure then locked into place in the back, as I closed it and
secured the belt and both plugs were firmly inserted and encased by my
shuddering horny body deep and wide.  I dare not move at the moment for fear of
flooding the room with my juices.
	Thinking silently and looking at my watch which read "11:35pm", I
thought, "Wow, so much more to explore.  I do hope he is gone all night like he
said.  I want to take my time".  Just then, she thought she heard a strange
sound coming from the illicit darkness in the corner of the room.  The sound
seemed to originate from behind the wall.  "But, how could that be", I thought. 
With hardly any walk space between the rooms and the outside, there is no way it
could be human or animal.  It was jut my head playing tricks with me, again. 
Just then, she felt something warm nearby, like a human entity, but couldn't see
anything in the muted darkness.  All her senses were on overload now, and the
goose bumps underneath her suit were causing her even greater arousal.  Fear is
the ultimate aphrodisiac in many ways, and I was find that out right now. 
	"Ahh, and now for this beautiful corset", I whispered.  The shiny
blackness and the sensual material is something I've been looking for in stores
around the country, and now here it is in my hot, little hands.  I brought it
down to my waist and let the fabric caress my now super-aroused skin and sends
me into a latex dream world.  I reached around the back and drew the closures
tight.  I tightened up the soft leather laces until they met at my waist.  This
caused my 23" waist to draw down to a beautifully sensuous 18".  I attached the
end pieces of all 3 closures and locked them firmly into place. 
	My body was now transformed into a dainty hourglass figure with my
delectable breasts pushed up and out by the amazing design of my new corset.
	I walked around the dimly-lit room like I was walking on air. 
Everything inside of me oozed sex at the moment, and being encased in such a
delightful latex skin made me gloriously happy and aroused.  Next, I picked up
the black latex suit.  Amazingly enough, I pulled the suit up over my sinuous
legs, dainty waist, my curvy breasts now so exposed and up to my shoulders
without any problems or resistance.  "It is like this suit was made for me, it
seems", I wondered.  I pulled the suit up onto my arms and everything was almost
in place.
	Except for the beautiful handcrafted hood.  I drew out the hood and
placed my pouty mouth over the black rubber ball inside the mouthpiece of the
hood.   As I did this, I also threaded my long raven locks through the hole at
the top of the hood.  When all my hair was woven through, I pulled the hood
completely and snugly over my head and wrapping my beautiful face in the warm,
shiny skin.
	I stood for a moment, and heard that sound again only this time it
sounded like it was coming from behind that large chest over in the corner.  I
took a deep breath, and then silence.  My heart started beating a little faster,
as I smoothed out the latex skin.  I pulled and twisted the zipper of both the
hood and the catsuit together which permanently sealed my body into it.  I
pulled the collar tight around my neck (which felt oh so wonderful), locked the
small steel closure into place sealing me completely in my latex cocoon.   I
have been aching, yearning and wanting this feeling all my life and now I have
it.  I never want to leave this room, this home ever again, but I also knew that
I probably would have to.  I still hadn't found any valuables to steal, as I was
having too much fun exploring this room.
	Feeling ever so strangely powerful in my newborn skin, I pulled the
latex boots high onto my legs and locked them with the small closure pieces. 
The boots cause me to be even taller, and I felt like I was a statue about to be
put onto display.  My head tilted back, my shoulders out and my left leg posed
high upon my heel made me look like a painting, I'm sure.  I rubbed my hands up
and down over my skin enjoying the tightness and the unrelenting covering.  My
sex was completely devastated as if I were transformed into one ultimate sexual
animal.  Momentarily, I imagined myself robbing houses with this outfit, but
once again I perished that thought because I didn't plan on leaving this room
ever...at least I hoped I wouldn't have to.  My pussy and asshole were going
into a heavenly latex-induced orgasm with every slight movement, as I could feel
the latex plugs vibrating so completely inside of me pushing gently and more
deeply than ever now.
	I walked over to the far wall where there was what looked like to be a
long wooden railing or banister.  I began to rub my latex buried sex up against
it manipulating the dildos inside of me.  My breathing became more labored and I
grabbed ahold of the railing for dear life as another monumental orgasm swept
over me and I still had not touched my own skin, yet.  Her vision partially
obscured by the tinted lenses gave everything a slight hallucinogenic feel, and
she started visualizing being like this with Mr. Dean.  But, she also knew she
had a job to do and could never get personally involved with one of her victims. 
But, no matter how hard this concept was, she was giving in to the notion that
she would never attain such a level of complete happiness ever again after she
leaves the Valley and Mr. Dean behind.
	But, I was not going to let that thought dematerialize this wonderful,
blissful time I have left here.  Finally, I was able to walk steadily enough
(after the multiple orgasms finally subsided and I regained my breaths and the
rubber dildos seemed to fit better inside of me) to walk over to the
rubber-covered fridge-like box.  I took a deep breath, and opened it wide.  I
gasped for air at my newest discovery.  I found a multitude of restraints of all
sizes and shapes; whips and paddles; and dildos, vibrators and phalluses of
different materials, shapes and sizes.  
	There were other objects i did not recognize right off the bat, though,
which made me even more curioser and curioser.  But curiosity was not going to
kill this cat.  By now, it was painfully obvious that my Mr. Dean was not the
clean-cut, preppy, conservative rich boy he portrays...he has a dark side that
is ultimately better than any man I've ever run across.  Heck, I think he even
loves leather, latex and rubber even MORE than I do (and that's going some). 
What a shame I have to leave in the morning after stealing some of his stuff so
I can move onto my next gig in the next town.
	I rummaged through the fetish cabinet like a kitten plays with a playpen
full of yarn.  Suddenly, I was startled to hear something like a panting noise
come from behind where I was standing.  I couldn't move.  "What if he's here and
will hurt me for breaking into his home?", I thought.  Okay, Cat, calm down, its
okay...just my mind again...I hope!
	I bumped my hand onto a palm-sized, black rectangular box with a round
hole on one side.  It resembled the same hole or nozzle piece that's on my hood
now.  This intrigued me to no end.  I put the box up with the little nozzle
piece against my mouth and pushed gently.  Surprisingly, the box encased itself
neatly and firmly and easily onto the nozzle.  What really surprised me was that
now the little rubber ball began to expand.  I began getting aroused and
frightened all at the same time.  The ball slowly began to swell, and I
drastically tried to get the box off of it.  But, the ball and the box were now
wedged too tightly.  The ball seemed to expand more and more and my cheeks began
to hurt and my teeth tightened and my mouth now was opened extremely wide like
in a dentist's office.  Finally, with a loud PLOP, the box popped off when the
rubber ball had swelled to its capacity.
	I now realize with this large phallus-like ball opening my mouth beyond
what I thought I could take was a "blow-up" gag.  I've heard of such a thing,
but never experienced it.  After about 10 minutes of sitting still in the middle
of the floor, I tried to get the ball to deflate with no luck.  The only way to
get the gag removed would be to remove the hood off of my head.  I reached
around for that small button behind my collar and depress it.  My heart skipped
a beat as the button didn't budge and the collar refused to release me from its
latex grip.  Fear started swimming over me like laying in an ocean pool.  Both
warm, refreshing and consuming.  Now, I realized that this suit was to be my
cage, of sorts.
 	"Wait", I wonder.  I thought about the closures.  They locked
automatically, and would need a special key to open them again.  But I could not
figure out why I was trying to hard to get released from such a delicious
bondage, when it's the one thing that I crave so badly?   I frantically search
the box for anything remotely looking like a key, but I was disappointed that I
didn't find one..and also glad I hadn't.  Fear itself flows through my veins
like lava flows down a mountainside.  It disturbs and disrups every emotion to
where I am put beyond the point of fear...and now walking into the land of
fantasy and exhilaration.  If I truly wanted out of my latex cage, I would have
to cut it out, but I couldn't find anything to do it with. 




Chapter Five
The Cat Is Trapped

	I walked 2 steps back and was shocked frozen into my steps.  I could not
move as I suddenly felt a buzzing or vibrating feeling coming from deep within
my loins.  "What the heck?", I muttered.  It was almost painful as the buzzing
and whirring increased.  It was coming from inside those dildos inserted into
me.  My pussy and ass both started convulsing to the point where I was on my
tippy-toes and kept prancing back from one foot to the other.  I couldn't stop
cumming.  Then, suddenly the whirring stopped.  The room began to spin wildly. 
I couldn't shake this feeling of overwhelming lust...pure and primordial. 
	I spun around at a noise in the back of the room.  I looked down at the
floor and saw that one of the dildos was rolling across the floor.  I watched it
move from left to right.  As I was distracted, the whirring feeling came back
even more intensely.  I felt like I was being electrocuted from the inside
outwards.  I couldn't stand much more.  I felt a puddle gather within me.  I had
to pee, poop and cum all at the same time, as well as my whole body shaking and
convulsing as wave after wave of orgasmic pleasure shot over me.  I could not
control it.  The room spinning, my mouth expanding, my body contorting, my voice
shrieking...then two massive strong hands grabbing my slender arms in a vicelike
grip which hurt everywhere.  My legs come out from under me, and I realize I
have no idea where this force is coming from.  All I know now is that I am face
down on the padded floor. 
	"Ssssssh, no one can hear your cries or pleas.  Your begging will fall
upon deaf ears.  Your fate lies in my hands now, so I trust you will do the
right thing and not force me to hurt you further", the bodiless voice commanded
from the space behind my head.  The phalluses once again electrically charged up
into my abdomen from two different directions, and my body went limp.  I did not
recognize the voice as Mr. Dean's, although everything was disorienting and the
hood was covering my ears.  The one hand pulls my hair tight through the hood
and actually hurts my scalp as my head is wrenched backwards off the ground. 
Near my ears I hear, "You are a lifeless being.  I command you.  I demand you. 
I will recreate you as I wish, and there is nothing you can do.  You are my cat
now", the voice grinned in my ear.  I did not know whether to faint from fear,
or actually succumb to this spine tingling shockwaves going through my body. 
"If it isn't Mr. Dean, then who could it be?", I wondered.
	I suddenly felt my head throb to the floor, and then both arms are
severely forced behind my back.  My arms have subtly, yet forcefully, been
forced and laced into that single-glove I had discovered earlier.  The buzzing
in the dildos became louder resonating from my groin all the way into my brain. 
I almost swear now I could hear a voice coming from the buzzing sounds.  My
mind, usually very keen and sharp, was so disoriented and confused as it is
being stimulated in so many varying degrees and in so many different directions
at once.
	Before I could even think to begin to squirm, I found my body relenting
to the strong and ever demanding handling of my body.  My legs were suddenly
closed together, and I felt a heavy metal ring or restraint being placed around
both ankles.  Suddenly, from nowhere, my ankles were brought forward towards my
spine, and I could feel someone tying some sort of strap between the ankle
restraints and then through the single-glove.  Then, a broader leather strap
(like those found on a barber's chair to sharpen the razors) was cinched around
my thighs and my calves keeping my legs bound tightly like a mummy.  I felt the
same strong hands running some type of lace through my hair, braided with my
hair and then the other end pulled tightly through the base of the glove.  With
one swift yank of that lace, my head was jerked backwards roughly towards my
back.  Before I knew it, I was bound tightly in leather, latex and rubber in a
very strict hogtied position, with my very sore mouth expanded to gross degrees
and firmly gagged all multiplied by the multiple cocks convulsing my body from
my lower openings. 
	Wave after wave of emotional, physical and sexual orgasms rocked my
body, as I sensed the hands (and body) had disappeared.  Laying there in such a
violently vulnerable position never made me more afraid, nor more free and alive
in my life.  I felt myself slowly succumb to whatever fate was to be placed upon
me by my captor.  My mind is now a blank, and my body continued to rock back and
forth to the buzzing and whirring sounds deep inside my pussy and ass.  I lost
count after 25 orgasms and came close to the point of passing out when the
buzzing stopped and all the motion ceased.  My body is now still from the
orgasm-induced torture.  My eyes are totally blurred from all the delirious
happenings.  I've even forgotten where I was, much less my own name.  I feel
someone move my body over on my right side.  My eyes begin to make out a shadowy
figure coming from out of the far corner of the room.
	The dark and menacing figure stands slowly in the middle of the room. 
All I can make out are his leather hip boots, and the bullwhip dangling from his
half-hidden hands.  In a dizzying voice, I hear, "Congratulations.  You are now
my captured little cat.  You see, I have been watching you for the past month. 
I knew about your little cat burglar routine already.  I'll bet you're wondering
where you are right now, right?  Well, I never knew that I would get such a
curious volunteer to be my permanent sex slave so quickly.  You are probably
thinking who this could be.  Well, Mr. Dean will be furious when he finds out
you broke into his house like this.  And, where you going to steal him blind? 
No, I did not think so.  You see, I've been watching your movements for the past
month, and actually broke into your home.  How do you think your catsuit fits so
snugly, and the variation of sizes of the dildos fit you so perfectly.  I now
have a feeling that you wish you had not broken into Mr. Dean's little secret
hideaway.  But then, "curiosity trapped the cat", so to speak."  Oh well, too
late for you and perfect timing for me.  I just guess you will have to be privy
to my finishing this dungeon a little sooner than I thought".
	I could not tell if I was dreaming or if I was awake.  Well, the sudden
sting of the bullwhip against my upraised breasts brought me into reality very
rapidly.  I actually felt tears coming out of my eyes involuntarily.  I tried to
struggle, but all I could manage was a few tremors and realized that fate had
dealt his hand, and that I was like the cat trapped in the spider's web.
	"What's that sound I hear?  Are you trying to scream?  Are you angry at
me for capturing you or at yourself for being captured?  You are now my bound
beauty, and you will not realize my true identity just yet.  Oh no, I have
several surprises for you.  This room, I assure you, is completely soundproof. 
I have a very good feeling that no one will come looking for you anytime soon. 
Another thing, I think Mr. Dean will be glad to know you've gotten what you
deserve for trusting you and then you breaking into his house while he was gone. 
What a pity....as I WAS BEGINNING TO REALLY LIKE YOU!"
	"Oh my God!", I exclaimed in my head, "It's Mr. Dean himself.  But how?
Why? When did he?  So many questions running through my mind at one time".
	"I planned this whole night right down to being paged unexpectedly by my
assistant, Mr. Chandler.  You will meet him shortly, I'm sure.  I sensed your
interest in my house awhile back.  So, I decided to give you the tour.  Even
show that there was no burglar alarms.  I was hoping to trap you at your own
game, and acquire my new slave at the same time.  I must say, it was quite
stimulating for me to watching you get undressed, put on your catsuit and go to
such lengths to break into my house like you did.  Good thing, you didn't
discover that the front door was purposely left open, just in case, for you.  So
many questions you have.  Well, I will try to put your mind at rest.  I came
back early knowing you'd jump at this chance.  I've been watching you the whole
time, first, through closed-circuit television and then through hidden peepholes
in my new dungeon here.  I love the idea of using fear and frustration as the
ultimate sex toy.  And with you, it worked perfectly, I must say.  It was a
great joy watching you discover my hideaway and all the goodies it contains. 
Many goodies you have not discovered yet, but you will soon experience them, I
assure you."
	I gulped hard as I did not know how to respond.  Granted, my body could
not stop trying to writhe on the ground.  But, with every tiny movement brought
another wracking orgasm through my body.  So I just laid still without fighting
it. 
	"Watching you acquire your new "skin" and finding all the closures was
pure poetry in movement.  You were like a study in erotic dance.  I had the suit
made specially for you, as well as all the other articles of clothing.  It's a
good thing I kept the remote control device with me, or I would not be able to
use it so wonderfully."
	Suddenly, my body leaped off the ground with the serious electric charge
that transformed my body into a puddle of cum on the floor.  I couldn't take
much more of this torture.  I was afraid I'd faint or something, and then leave
him to all his whiles.
	"You do have a very delicious body that I will soon have complete
control over from now on.  Since I already discovered your fetish for leather
and latex in your own bedroom, and proof positive by how engorged your own pussy
and ass were when you stripped off the suit before binding yourself up in my
special suit, I have now decided I will keep you dressed like this most of the
time.  I will have custom-made dresses, pants, corsets, etc. ready for you to
wear no matter where we are.  You will also be tightly bound somehow at all
times.  What do you have to say about that, slave?", he directed.
	All I could do was twist my head slightly and submissively nod my yes in
an affirmative motion.  I was either too weak, too afraid or too turned on to
move any other way. 
	"You are speechless, even if you didn't have my ball gag in your mouth
stretched so tightly.  Without any response, I will take it that you agree to my
terms.  It is not like you have a choice, though.  You did trespass and attempt
to rob me.  I have full legal right to do as I choose.  Don't ever bother or
worry about being rescued."
	Actually, I don't think I want to be rescued although he is taking me to
places in my head that scare me to death.  I hear his words, but its like I'm in
a latex tomb.  I feel trapped, bound, gagged but most of all, very very free. 
This is my fate and my destiny, and I must simply accept it.  My body cannot
stop trembling.  I feel his hands fumbling around on my catsuit and feel him
pull out something metal from a hidden space in my right shoulder area.  I hear
the sound of metal keys clanging together.
	"And to think you had the key to your freedom with you the whole time. 
What a pity.  You are secured to your new fate.  The deep and building fear that
courses through your veins right now will eventually be overtaken by a willing
happiness after you realize the rest of your life will be dedicated to me as a
life in servitude, sexual slavery and bondage to be used as a fuck doll, object
of trying out new torture devices or simply as something/someone to have
around."
	I cannot hear, but I sense him walking away from me now.  I can almost
feel my body go into a comatose state as I hear, "Goodnight, my slave.  I am off
to my comfortable bed to dream up more things to do with you in the morning. 
However, I will ensure your continued lust will last forever.  Throughout the
night, I will insure your multiple orgasms while you drift off to a pleasant
sleep."
	With saying that, Mr. Dean reached into a small crevice in the padding
on the floor and pulled up on a small, hidden chain.  He then attached Cat's
D-ring (on her collar) to it.  This kept her in place.  He pulled out the small
remote, turned the vibrators on max and dropped the remote right by Cat's face. 
He turned off the light and closed the door snugly leaving Cat in total
darkness.
	"God, he isn't going to leave those thing on all night", I sobbed to
myself.  I cannot stop writhing.  I am coming so much I cannot breathe.  I must
fight this, but I cannot.  It is my fate and destiny.  Once more, multiple waves
of orgasmic pleasure wash over her into a blissful sleep.  Her body, mind and
soul firmly bound in a trap of her own greed and passion.




Chapter Six
One Year Later

	One month ago, I was flung into the abyss that was to be my now-present
destiny as Mr. Dean's eternal sex slave.  My heart, mind, body and soul belong
to Him.  Today, he is applying another dose of that special salve of His that
retards the growth of all my body hair.  The hair on top of my head was braided
with that single, leather lace, and a metal O-ring is permanently braided into
the end of my darkened silky hair.  I can feel the still-slight sting of His
mark on my left shoulder...that of Master's initials, A-J-D.
	Today, I am held tightly in my room.  Soon, I will be placed in my very
rigid latex bodysuit.  Some time ago, He placed me into a vat of hot wax and
made a realistic mold of my body and all its crevasses, nooks and crannies.  My
new body suit was finished a few hours later.  I was turned into a latex statue
ever since.  The original chastity belt I had found on that first, fateful night
was snugly placed around my waist and up through my legs.  A giant rubber
air-inflated penis gag with the air tube holding my mouth firmly open is hurting
my mouth as He finishes applying the salve. 
	I can stand here and remember the day when I was put on display during
Master's garage sale.  My statuesque body was put on display outside the garage
door.  Kids fondled me thinking I was not real.  God, I was so turned on by so
many different people fondling me that day.  I realize I will not be allowed to
come out of it until He comes back from His trip in a few days.   
	I have been in this particular latex punishment suit for three (3) days. 
I had disobeyed one of His orders, and hence, the suit.  However, I will not be
released from this particularly torturesome suit until He proscribes it to be
so.
	My past is all but forgotten before I met Mr. Dean that night in the
dungeon, and my individuality had been stripped away.  I was now a complete and
full latex slave for my Master.  I had decided a long time ago, before my will
gave away, that if I did not do the crime that night I would have passed up my
destiny and my fate, it seems.  I must now pay the price of trying to rob this
man of mine.  My biggest mistake was trying to steal from just one more victim. 
My biggest accomplishment was trying to steal from just one more victim. 
	How was I to know that finally a man had appeared who could truly
acquire the cat in the trap, and be so blissfully happy.  This is the end, for
now...or perhaps only another beginning....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  DarkShadow Eternal Nyteskywryter


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





