BDSM Library - Hermione's Wrong Spell




Hermione's Wrong Spell
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Sub Story of Harry Potter's Sequence. Hermione use spell on her own and Harry meet his first pleasure...
Hermione's wrong spell
written by Kevin Clik

As a third year student of Hogwart, Hermione Granger has grown her 14 years old
body in good shape. Magical world give her comfortable way for her beauty, but
dangerous too. She run along the corridor to Harry Potter, her famous close
friend, to help her out of her mistake.

"Harry, can you come with me now?" Hermione ask him with her faint face.
"Why ? Hermione. Are you alright?" he notice she is shaking
"I have some problem that is really important and I think you can help me out."
"What? Can't you told me now?"
"No. It's embaressing. I don't anyone know even Ron"
"Ok. If you say that important"

Hermione grap his hand and pull him run along the corridor to old girl's
bathboom. Harry struggled but Hermione push him through the door.

"Extros!" Hermione cast spell to double lock the door. The wall aside move to
hide the door until there is no door any more.

"What are you doing? Hermione."
"Just make sure noone won't come in."

She push him to the wall behind and jump to sit on sink aside. Harry confuse and
anxious with her serious eyes grazing at him.

"Harry. Promise me that you won't tell anyone about what I'm going to show you."
Her sound seem to asking and threating in the same time.
"What's all about Hermione? I'm totally confuse now."
"I'm serious Harry. Promise me now!!"
"Ok. Ok. I promise."
"Then. I want your help Harry. I seem I have casted wrong spell on myself"
"What?"
"I want to remove my pubic hair but it's seem to make my thing.."
"You thing?" He repeat loudly.
"Shu--- I don't want someone know about this until I can fix it. Now I want you
to listen to me quietly"
Harry swallen her saliva and try to calm down. Hermione grazing him in shy while
pull her wizard robe up to her waist revealing her white thigh and white panty.
"Hermione. I think you shouldn't.." He try to not looking but cannot move his
sight from her tummy.
"Quiet and see." Even her face is blushing, her body still shaking and insist
him to see.

Hermione move both hand to each side of waistband of her panty and slowly pull
panty down her knee. Harry's not even brink, looking at her crotch with white
bald womenhood. He step back suddenly when he see her virgin cunt.

"Hermione. Y...our thing is freezing"
Harry shock when her open lip cover with ice. He guess that make her shaking
while talking with him.
"Yes. I try to use spell to warm it but I only warm outside my ....skin. I need
you help Harry. I nearly freeze to death by now"
"How can I help you? Better let Madam Pompy heal your thing"
"No! The whole school will know. Especially Mulfoy." Harry lay sympathy on her.
If Mulfoy know he will told everyone in the world that Hermione is "Icy Pussy
Mud Blood"
"I want you to use spell from my inner"
"What?"
"Please, Harry. There is no other ways. I can't do it myself"
"But..."
"Please Harry. You are the one I trust"

Harry still facing her hairless icy pussy. It's tiny lip close tight and almost
to see her tiny anus hole down there.
"OK Hermione. I think I can help you out. This will make you more comfortable"
Harry grab her both ankle lift it up and spread
open wide to each side of her. This make her cunt lip fully visible with the
candle light. He use one hand touch cold shaking pussy and grap it firmly. Other
hand hold his wand slowly aim its tip to her open. She whimping in fear.

"Harry"
"What?"
"Do in slowly and softly. My thing still virgin" notice him her thing never be
in touch before
"Sure" He answer her and try to not panic.
He strick the tip of a quarters of an inch in diameter and 10 inch long  wand
through her entrance little by ittle.Hermione gasps and Harry pause  suddenly.
"Are you already?"
"Don't stop Harry. It doesn't deep enough"
He nod and thrust the wand more deeper until 2 inch of its bury in her inner 
virgin cunt.
"Stop Harry Stop. It's hurt now"
"I think it's deep enough"
"You are right. Now cast the spell"
"Ok." said and clear his throat and speak "Womo Vagini"
"Ouch!" Hermione gasps when there is light shine from her cunt hole. The light
fade in second later.
She breathing fast and looking to him
"I think it's work. Your spell is work"
"That good for you Hermione" He relief and smile
"Emh.. Harry."
"Huh ?"
"Could you take it out ?" She means his wand that still stick inside her.
"Oh. Yes. I forgot" His face is in shame before pull his wand off.
"Ouch! Harry slowly. You mean to sore my thing!"
"Sorry" He apologize and notice that there is her juice in the wand. He look it
curiously
"You look pervert when you look it so long"
"It's your...?" He's asking and looking at her. She still in open thigh 
position.
"Harry. I don't want to answer your pervert question. Now, I want you to check
it out"
"Check what?"
"My thing. If there are still cold"
"Check your thing.." he move closer and bent his face between her inner thigh
until he could smell her sweet scent.
"Use you finger. Harry"
He nod and move his finger that is a bit more larger than his wand around her
cunt lip to find entrance.
"Sorry. Hermione" he apologizes her before use another hand force her lip to
open reveal her vulva and cunt hole. He is digging his finger between her lip.
"Remember Harry. Nice and slow" Hermione whisper to him while close her eyes.
He thrust more and more until he hear her moan
"I feel Its penetrating me" She moan again
"Your thing so tight and wet and I thing it's warm now"
"Move around it. Harry. I want to make sure that spell is effective"
He twist he finger and check around her soft vagina
"I can't go more deeper. It's stuck" Actually his thing is already hard on with
temptation of her cunt squeezing his finger. But she is his best friend until
now. He don't want to ruin 3 years friendship with is frustrate emotion.
"You are the first man who touch it. You know that?"
"No" He reply and try to not think about his fantasy.
"And I glad that is you who touch it. I feel so good with you"
"Huh?"
"take your finger out now" by unwilling, he pull of her warm virgin cunt and
look at it. It's liqiud stick in his finger some like troll's boggy. Hermione
look at his curious face.
"You want to know it?" He nod "lick it" he do as she suggest.
"It's taste good Hermione. I didn't know before that is delicious"
"Harry?"
"Huh?" he turn his face to her.
"You can drink it more here...with your mouth" She say in shy but move her her
cunt  forward.

Harry see some other juice leak out from her tiny cunt lip. His temptation tell
him to get her, As his age, He know how to fuck, atleast he can do it with his
hand. How is it different with her soft cunt. But he wish her to be "Chloe", tha
beautiful girl he fall in love.

"Come on Harry, We don't have much time. Class start in about 30 minutes"

Without notice he shove his face between her legs. As his tongue touch below her
cunt lip, Hermione have some gaspe. He draw his tongue up straight to hold her
juice to his mouth. After he keep licking around her vulva, he kiss her cunt
with his lip. A bit kiss make her juice leak again, so he bury his face to suck
with loud sucking noise.

"Oh Harry. You're greedy"  she moan

Harry found a little fresh point out from her open cunt. He use his hand to
force her lip to more open. It's her critoris that arouse to being hard.

"Just don't open it. It's ashame. Aah!" She scream as he suck her clit. He shove
his tongue in her inner flesh stretching her wall. Hermione continue moaning
with heavily breath. Her face fully sweat in desire. Harry notice that she her
ass up to against him. He grap her ass from below to lift it and bury his more
deeply and slide his tongue in and out quickly.

"Umh Ahh. Harry. I gonna.." Harry isn't pay attention and keep lick it fast. His
dick is painfully hard. Hermione's body is shaking and scream. Harry pull his
tongue of and pull his robe reveal his pleasure organ. Hermione halt him.

"Stop! Stop! Harry. I'm done" She speak hardly with heavily breath.
"What Hermione? I didn't have mine."
"Sorry Harry, but I think I cannot take it any more. It's my first time.
Remember?"
"But, Hemione.."
"I know that you are unsatisfy, but I mean you are my first guy and I want to
keep it slow. Slow in progress"

Harry try to hide his angry but refuse to talk to her.

"Come on Harry. You must not hate me because of this." As he think not to
destroy our friendship, he has to endure and cut his tempted emotion off.
Actually, He want to force her on the ground and invading her in any possible
entrances. But he don't want it to be that way.

"Harry, I accept that I start this, but I really scare. I may not ready for
this. Sorry, Harry." She confess.
"Alright, Hermione. May be next time. When you are ready." He hate to say that
and may refuse if he doesn't see her smile.
"You're so sweet Harry. I think I can do some thing for you by now " Hermione
slowly move her hand under his robe and softly hold his erect penis.
"Hermione?"
"I think I can do as you do to me" She step down and knee on the floor facing
his dick. "Harry. I read many kinds of book. One of them wrote that wizard's
sperm is more delicious than the others. Like there are spell and charm. I can
make my spell to get rid of my teeth if you want."

"You haven't Hermione. I trust you" Actually, he afraid that she won't get her
teeth back or use wrong spell to change her mouth to her vagina after he has
just fixed.

Hermione move her face close to his tip and lick it first. Harry feel like she
clean his thing and wonder if he's clean it enough in shower. Its reactive to
her tongue and get more erect. Harry moan a bit with her soft lick and then she
grab his head tight by her lip. She's slow suck it in to her mouth. As his dick
slide in and out her mouth, Harry feel more horny and tempted but her move isn't
good enough. he press his hand on her cheek with soft grab. She wonder and look
up to him.

"This will be better if I guide you in to deepest pleasure. Hermione." Harry
pull her head to his until her face press against his ball. Hermione struggle a
bit but Harry hold her still. In that position, Hermione feel stretch of her
throat as his 7 inch dick throbing down. Harry stay still until he feel all
surface of her inner mouth and start to push her head back. His dick has been
appear agian from her lip with her saliva and he throbing in and out again and
again. Hermione's head shaking in and out his crotch more faster. She close her
eye with unpleasant and disgusting. Her mind please to have a tender blow job
but Harry turn it into brutal mouth rape, especially when she cannot cast any
spell on him to stop with her mouth full of his dick. He speed down and go
deeper and firm in her throat a couple of time. Hermione feel wave of sticky
liquid shot in her inner cheek. Hermione pull her mouth out and his cum shot
agian on her face. Hermione  scream with sticky liquid shot in her eyes.

"Sorry! Hermione. You shouldn't pull it out like that" Harry speak with havily
breath. Hermione angrily look at him and wipe his cum off her face.
"What did I told you? I want it to be softly. Oh Harry. Is this what you want?
Raping my mouth" She said with his cum leaking from her lip and she lick her
lip. "You are lucky that you cum taste good. Or I may cast some spell on you."

"Sorry Hermione. I can't control myself. Its my first time too. I want to make
sure that you can make me cum"
Hermione stand up and wash her face on the sink.
"It means if you're practice, you will make it better"
"It's not like that. I mean who will allow me to practice with. Except.."
"Not me for sure. I don't want to ruin my virginity's fantasy. But.. If you
practice that I sure that you can make it well. I will let you.."
Harry curious with her word. Suddenly the wall that was a toilet door before are
smashed from outside.

"Who's inside? Open up!" Snape shout from other side.
"I think some student make joke of it. I will break the wall, please step
behind" Snape said and mean there is more than him out there.

"Harry! Quick" Hermione catch him and spell to disappear to escape.
"Boom!" Snape break the wall through but cannot see anyone there. Professor
McGonagall step behind him. Snape look around and walk to sink and bent down to
grab thing from the floor.
"Do you find something?" Professor McGonagall ask him
"No. I just guess" Snape siad while hide Hermione's panty in his pocket.
"Students may do something.. foolish!"

Harry fell hard on the Gryfindor corridor.
"Best luck. No one here!" Hermione whisper to him."I can't believe. We are late
! Harry. you better hurry to class. If Ron ask, tell him you has been punished
by snape. Ron won't notice." She speak fast and push him to he run and stop.

"Hermione. Will we do it agian later? "
"Sure" Her sound uncertained "You're the one who make my thing.. I mean "me"
warm. Remember?"
He nod and run away. Hermione turn around and start to run to her class but be
stoped by Snape.

"Hermione Granger!. You forget something" Snape speak while looking at her face.
She trumble with fear and shock when he hand her a panty.
"It's not mine. Professor Snape" She lie.
"Don't pretend to be fool, Miss Granger. You don't want me to use spell to tell
whom this thing belong to. Isn't it ?"
"Yes Professor Snape. It's mine." Hermione answer while grabing her panty to
hide in her pocket quickly. Her eyes full with tear of ashame.
"I have late for class now. May I go now?" She asking but never face him.
"Ok. You go now"
Hermione run as fast as possible wishing to disappear by now.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kevin Clik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





