BDSM Library - Abduction, Rape & Possession




Abduction, Rape & Possession
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young Submissive has refused to push her limits and her Dom takes matters into his own hands.
Abuction, Rape and Possession
by RAB

It was late evening, dark already and I was standing in the middle of my
bedroom, having just finished getting ready to go out with a friend.  The
phone rings at my bedside and I pick it up, thinking it is my friend with a
change in plans.  When I say hello, for a half-a-second I hear nothing and a
strange sensation raises the hair on the back of my neck and then I hear the
voice I have never heard but cannot mistake.  I know it is you without a
doubt and I am instantly wet, the bottom dropping out of my belly, replaced
by liquid fire and fear.

"What room are you in?"
"My bedroom."
"I see that there are no other lights on in your house...turn off the
bedroom light and move to the center of the room."
"Im waiting to go out, I can't..."
"You are my slut and you will not speak unless I give you permission.  Are
you holding your cordless?"
"Yes."  A strangled gasp as I realize you are going to force me to respond.
"Cancel your plans immediately and I will call back in exactly 5 minutes.
Go to your key ring and remove your housekey and put it in your bra.  Secure
the rest of the house as you will be leaving soon.  Don't touch with anthing
but your housekey and prepare your door to lock when you leave.  All in the
dark.  Is that perfectly clear, cunt?  Answer yes."
"Yes."  my tits are aching and the nipples hard, feeling the black mesh
design that kept my nipple areas from showing under the short, loose black
shirt that was designed so that it matched the embroidery on the bra.
"When you answer the phone, bring the cordless to one ear and stretch your
other arm behind your neck and grasp your hair hard and keep it there,
stretched as hard as you can manage.  I want your whore's tits extended as
far as you can manage and spread your legs, farther, you worthless bitch,  I
want your cunt down and your ass as wide open as you can stand."  Say 'Yes',
fucking cunt and 'thank you Master."
I am not sure I can speak but manage to get out what you wanted. The click
as you hang up triggers and orgasm and I shudder.  I cancel my plans and
make the preparations you demanded, waiting in the darkness of my bedroom,
the smell of my cum and making me shake.

The phone rings and my ass twitches and I pick up the receiver and bring it
to my ear, extended, exposed, waiting.
"Describe what you have on, exactly to me.  If it displeases me you will be
punished."
I describe the loose short shirt, made of a cotten blend that is filmy,
embroidery in the chest areas so that it is not to thin to expose my bra
fully.  It is black and long sleeved with loose flaired cuffs and ends just
above my belly, the glimpse of my navel a peek between the shirt and the
short, flaired skirt, also black and fairly thin.  I was going dancing so I
am wearing black suede boots that come to my knee and black stockings that
come up under my skirt a few inches and held up with a garter belt that is
also black and matches the bra.  I am not wearing panties. And my key is in
the left cup of my bra.
"Going out with no underwear on means you were planning on fucking
someone..."
"Of course not, I---"
"Shut up, whore, I know your kind.  You'd have let him dip his fingers in
your cunt, licked it off at dinner and rubbed it on his leg on the dance
floor before you sucked his dick in the car, I know your nature and I'm
going to whip that cum out of yourpussy  til it bleeds.  Do you feel like
cuming now, cunt?  You're going to cum from every hole in your body for me
soon.  Go to the door, pull it locked behind you and go out to the middle of
your front yard.  I know it is dark and I know it is shielded somewhat from
the busy street you live on but you are to walk to the middle and stand
there, both hands on your neck, legs spread and wait.  A vehicle will pull
up into the yard, headlights on you directly.   Two men will get out and
come to you.  One will start at the front, the other in back of you.  The
one in front will inspect your blouse and bra, removing the key and putting
it in his pocket and testing your tits and nipples to see if you are
disobeying me and are aroused.  The man in back will be feeling up your
boots, your stockings and garter belt and check you for panties.  If you
have lied and are wearing panties they will drag you to the car by your tits
and legs and beat you with a sap until you pass out.  If you are not wearing
panties he will start by kneading your ass-cheeks, spreading them and
reaming and lightly penetrating your ass for moisture and size while the man
in front does the same to your pussy.  All in your front yard, all in the
glare of the headlights.  If you have lied or misrepresented any of your
clothing they will beat you.  They are instructed to allow you to be wet in
cunt and ass, the roughness of their inspection should, naturally cause you
discomfort and embarrassment and you will be permitted to twitch or move
slightly.  If they feel you are getting off at any time, they will beat you
without mercy.  However, if you are still wet and strain at the touch of
their hands and fingers in any way they will be allowed to punish, suck or
twist your tits or eat your pussy in the vehicle as long as they do not tear
your clothing or allow your juice or theirs on you anywhere, or put any part
of their bodies in your mouth.  And if you cum while they punish you even
once, they will beat you with the sap.  Is that clear?"

"Yes."  And as I answered, a black van drove up with tinted windows in the
front and no windows in the back.  The two men approached me and began my
examination as you instructed, one of them stopping to speak into a cel
phone as they verified my tits, cunt, pussy, clothes and examined my ass and
pussy, deliberately kneading and probing, trying to make me cum.  Terrified
of the sap, I managed not to cum and endured the rough examination and the
remarks they were making about my body and what a slut I must be to be wet
for this and when they had satisfied themselves that I was acceptable one of
them held the phone up to my ear and I heard you voice, rough with rage and
heavy with the plans for my rape and violation.

"You are on your way to your Master, slut, but because your drooling cunt
can't stay dry they will be tit-twisting and eating your cunt on the way to
me.  Remember if you are unwise enough to cum, they will beat you
unconscious."

Jerking the phone from my ear, they shackled my wrists behind my head and
forced me into the van.  In the van was a low box in the middle of the back.
They prodded me in and put me on the box, making me slid forward so that my
pussy was off the edge and my legs forced wide apart to balance myself.  As
the door slid, leaving us in total darkness except for the light that was
cupped to pour down and light me up.  I could see the video camera's
blinding red eye, focused on my body and realized that it must have been
focused on the scene in the yard also.  The humiliation of knowing you saw
them probe and twist me in the yard, in front of those headlights where
anybody could have seen me, makes my body flush with fear and anticipation,
not knowing who else could be looking.  As we drove I could only feel the
vibration of the van and the fingers and mouths of the two men on me,
obviously freed of the worry of being seen in the yard, they were rougher,
pulling open the snaps down the front of my blouse and on down the front of
my skirt for better access and to keep from soiling my clothes as you
instructed them.  The man behind me unclasped the front of my bra and
grabbed handfuls of my breasts, squeezing and sliding up and off my breasts,
dropping them to my chest and doing it again until he stopped his hands with
a mound of my nipples and aereoli bursting and tight and offered to the man
with is hand in my pussy to bury his mouth on one and then the other,
sucking, biting, drawing the distended part of my tits into his mouth and
eating it deep as he pumped my pussy, twisting my clit, trying to make me
cum.  The man behind me buried his teeth in my neck and sucked it like a
vampire, continuing to crush and hold my tits as the other one dropped his
face to my cunt, licking and stroking, gently this time, trying to break my
concentration and make me cream on him.  Struggling to keep from cuming, I
felt the man behind me take my tits and hold them by the nipples, shaking
them out, the weight of them jumping and shaking as he jerked them together,
then apart, rolling my nipples, then digging his teeth into my shoulder when
he started to cum, I could hear him strain to keep it turned away from my
body.  The mouth on my pussy slid a tongue down to ream my ass and I could
only guess at his erection because I couldn't see him.  He grunted and
slurped at me, both of them calling me all of the whorenames they could
think of.  I knew they were angry because they couldn't fuck my cunt or ass
and took it out on me.  Finished, they both cleaned me with a towel from the
front seat and refastened my clothes, wiping me down, remarking that the
combination of my pussy and my perfume made them want to  turn this van
around and find a clearing and show me what they could make me cum.  Almost
immediately, the van stopped.  I heard a rusty gate open and close and we
pulled through as it closed behind us.  Driving for another 10 minutes, we
stopped and the door slid back showing me a totally deserted area with a
house that I would have been sure was deserted but I could see lamps burning
through the windows, flickering candles in other places.  I saw the red eye
of the lens move as it was taken from the stand and hand-held, reappearing
in one of the men's hands as he told me to get out of the van, maintaining
my wrists behind my neck and to follow him to the grassy area in front of
what seemed to be an entrance to the house.  The other man checked my
position, kicking my legs further apart and stretching my arms to extend my
chest, straightening my clothes but careful not to touch any intimate part.
One gagged me with a cloth that he wiped my pussy with and they disppeared
from my sight, though I could feel the heat of a camera light on me and knew
it was still recording.  Absolute stillness in the dark, lit by an almost
full moon and all I could hear were the sounds of the country around me.

I stood there, straining and spread, the breeze lifting my skirt, almost
making me cum when I realized that I was outside, exposed and my pussy was
starting to drip down my leg, my nipples, diamond-hard.  Ten minutes passed,
then ten more and then ten more and I lost track of the time and place,
dizzy with the exertion of holding my arms crossed behind my neck under my
hair, feeling the wind pick up my hair and tease it across my back and
front, feathering across my face, catching in my mouth.  I had no idea how
long I had stood there, it was only my body in the moonlight, in the wind
and I began to shudder, wanting to cum so badly...
Something impacted with my back making me stumble forward and I smelled you
excitement as I swung around to face you.  Backhanding me across the face
once, twice, then throwing me down on the grass, my hands trapped behind my
head as you bury the toe of your boot in my cunt with a hard kick, grinding
in, then pulling out to put the ball of your foot on my cunt, crushing it
beneath the hard leather and stilling my struggles.  Trying to throw your
weight off my cunt and stop the pain I buck up off the ground and try to
twist away, my mouth beginning to bleed as I throw my head from side to
side.  You kick me in the stomach and my breath whooshes out and I stop
struggling for a moment and you straddle me, your pants holding your cock
and balls in but I can still feel them pulsing to get to me and I
frantically try to fight away from you but you swing your hand, the pain
stunning me as you slap my tits from side to side with first one hand and
then the other again and again, the pain bursting through me but my crotch
hot and swelling, my orgasm instantaneous and uncontrollable as I realize it
is really you on me, claiming your cunting slave.  You can see the chest
flush that betrays orgasm and howl at the moon, sliding off me and kicking
the lower half of my body to half roll over, my skirt completely around my
waist, and you pin my top leg to the ground with your boot, shoving it
almost up to my chest and the other leg under your other boot after shoving
it wider apart so that you are standing on me, seeing my cunt and ass spread
and puckered in fear, knowing that I cannot prevent what is about to happen.
You pull your belt off, the heavy buckle clanking a little and double it,
raining the blows down on my ass, my pussy, my things and back,
occassionally switching off to my tits, making them sing and dance throught
the fabric then reaching down to rip my blouse and skirt open and off me,
yanking my bra off and snapping the straps as you toss it away.  Your eyes
blazing you begin to strap my tits from side to side, just like you slapped
them before, the pain immense until you leave them for my pussy, freeing the
buckle so that you can hit me ass cheeks and legs. I feel the bite of the
metal and the sound of the heavy leather snapping my skin and the pain
builds until I don't think I can stand it anymore when I feel you step off
of my legs and open you pants, your engorged cock and balls swinging and
slapping your leg as you come to your knees and jam your dick into my ass,
filling me with pain and agony as you hold yourself up by putting the rest
of your weight on your hands, crushing my tits and nipples as you fuck me,
digging your fingers and nails into me.  My cunt betrays my pain and I swell
and cum, trying to get my body over far enough to spread my cunt on the
ground but you're fucking my ass too deep and all I can do is sob into my
gag as you ream me and when you feel me twitch and spurt you roar again and
jerk your cock out of my soaking ass and forcing me on my back,  my arms
still caught behind my neck, struggling and bucking as you spreak my legs
and put your cock up my tight little pussy, splitting it a little but the
pain is lost as I cum instantly when I feel you dick stroke my clit and
stretch my cunt lips with you fucking me, my clit sore and engorged still
and I am almost immediately ready again as you start to cum, burying
yourself in me and dropping your mouth and teeth to my tits, chewing,
spitting, your fingers digging, then drawing back and out of me, cum still
roping out of your dick, you rock my jaw with a full hand slap, pulling off
my gag and jam your wet cock into my mouth, spilling the rest of your jism
down my throat, hot and choking as I frantically swallow your cum, not able
to suck or tongue you, you're too deep in my throat, fucking my mouth and
screaming filthy names at me, branding me the whore you've shown me to be.
All the while the camera eye recording it all.

You finish cumming and pull out of my mouth, smacking me again on the tits,
and burying your knee in my dripping pussy, taking in my wet, sweaty tits,
heaving belly and cunt exposed in the garter belt, stocking and boots you
left on me.  "Straighten your body and spread your legs completely you slut,
I want to see your ass and pussy.  Arch your back and let me see those tits
on your chest sticking out.  Lick my ass hole and balls until I give you
permission to stop."  And you straddle my face and my mouth fastens on your
ass hole, licking, sucking and blowing, my tongue in your hole, my teeth
slightly on the rim, then sliding down to suck your balls in my mouth,
gently sliding them in my bruised mouth, tasting your dick, my blood where
you split my lip and your cum coating them.  When you've had enough you move
your cock to dangle above my lips, letting me get the last drips of jism
from the head, feeling it begin to harden again under my tongue.

You jerk your cock back and rise over me and grab my bound wrists from
behind my neck and drag me toward the house, up the steps and into a room
full of pools of light over tables, makeshift frames and I could smell the
leather and rubber here, my clit puckering with its scent.  You reach a
lighted area and stop dragging me, commanding me to rise and assume the
position I began with in my front yard.  I do, chest heaving and my body
burning with the feeling of your dick and hands fucking me, stuffing me and
it almost makes me cum again but the bruised cunt lips and sore nipples keep
bringing me back to reality.  You proceed with a closer examination of my
mouth, pulling and commanding me to suck you fingers, my sore tits,
thoroughly felt and held by the nipples to see me wince and forcing me to
gasp.  "Ask me to twist your nipples again, you cunt, and beg me to fuck you
again..."
The pain forcing me to speak, tears streaming down my face, my pelvis trying
to thrust forward toward your cock, "My nipples, smash then between your
fingers, pull my tits apart, I want to scream with the pain you give me,
please, fuck me first, fuck me in the ass again, or fist fuck me but please
put your cock on me and let me cum, please.."

You slap me across the face and dig your nails into my tits, drawing blood
and smearing it on my mouth, forcing me to suck it off your fingers.  You
return to your examination of my cooze, going down on the floor, putting
your fingers everywhere, testing, probing, always stopping to jerk or
squeeze my clit and spread me farther, contiuing up my ass, at one point
burying your fingers in my cunt from behind and sticking your thumb up my
ass, clenching my two cunt-holes, tearing me and reaching around me for my
tits as I struggle to hold my position.  I can feel your cock slapping my
leg, knowing your balls are filling and your erection is growing again.
Satisfied that you have been deep enough and I am still wet, you decide to
whip me naked, without clamps  or clovers while you use the elkskin, the
horsehair and the rubber (my favorite).  You separate my wrists and cuff
then to the hanging chains and stretch my arms wide, watching my tits
tighten and bob on my chest, the nipples marked, one bleeding but hard
again.  There are heavy weights attached to shackles that you put around my
ankles, pulling them as far away as possible to spread my legs and anchor me
as I sway in the chains.  Once again you feel my cunt, not surprised that I
am wet, smearing some of it on my ass, licking it off one finger and then
making me beg to suck my cunt off you.  You begin to whip me, tits, belly,
legs, alternating the rabbitskin.  I buck and heave in my pain, trying to
twist away and the pain beginning to blaze through me, fading and rising
with my cunt as it cum after every few strokes.
"Please fuck me, my cunt is on fire.  I want you to fuck this worthless,
slick-pussied whore.  I want to feel your dick in my gash and a vibrator in
my ass, please let me fuck you and suck my cum off your dick....ahhhhhh" and
the words are lost in the slap across my face and you reach for the clovers
and pin my tits, my screams gagged off by the pain as I burn, hanging,
stretched and dripping, marked and bleeding from your abuse,  my hurt ass
brimming and dripping your cum still, pooling on the floor under me.  Your
spread my pussy lips, swollen almost shut, the lips trying to shield my clit
from more abuse  and it stands there, almost the size of a thumb, swelling
as the air hits it and I hear the alligator clips slight metallic click as
you open the teeth and pin your whore for the first time.  My growl betrays
the fact that I am aroused again and you slap and jerk all the connections
to make sure they are secure, raising your knee and butting my cunt to make
sure it stays on.  Then you move on to the crop, raising welts this time on
my tits, pausing to squeeze the tit tight, the bulb of my nipple knobbed
out, the clamp tearing at my flesh and the blood dripping a little again as
you slap the nipple directly on the clamp, watching me shudder and scream
for you to stop hurting me as you pause to taste my blood again, this time
smearing it on my belly and resuming the crop, taking a stroke on my clit
clamp and when  I cry for you to stop you stroke it much harder, three times
in a row and I sag into my chains, almost fainting with the pain.  Checking
my cunt and smearing my legs with the juice you begin with the canes,
sticking to my tits, lifting them each my the clamp and holding it up to
cane the tender, unmarked underside of each breast and the sensation is so
extreme that I cum spontaneously, shuddering all the way through me body,
the light bursting behind my eyes then levelling out a little until you move
the rabbitskin on it and the sensation, which should be soothing, pulls a
deep grunt out of me, making me try to cave my belly in to get my cunt or
ass to touch your cock and you stick your fingers deep in me, masturbating
me to a shattering climax under the clip and jamming a vibrating butt-plug
in my ass up to the hilt and putting your dick in my pussy, crushing the
clamp on my clit until I feel the warm burst of blood, not cum well around
your dick and dripping.  And you pull it out, leaving me twitching with the
butt-plug and releasing the chains so that I go down on my knees all at once
and you slap my tits and face with your cock, making me suck the blood off
it, making me gag it down as I hang there there on my knees gagging.

You tighten the chain lengths so that I am on my knees, legs spread and my
cunt dripping, the clamp throbbing as I spread my legs as far as I can and
my arms are still extended and spread but my chest held above my ass so that
whatever you have planned gives you access to my hanging tits, reddened by
blood and still swollen from your whipping and caning.  I feel you jerk out
the butt-plug and you make me suck it clean, slapping my face with your cock
once, twice.   You call one of the men from the shadow and tell him to use
the leather paddle on my ass, spanking me while you fuck my mouth.
Everytime the heavy blow lands on my ass it forces your cock deeper into my
mouth, your hands buried in my hair, fucking me both places, choking me.  My
tits swinging against my chest, the clamps hurting me every time they land
and the spanking (another special favorite of mine) continues but you are
more excited now, and don't want top cum in my mouth and want to land the
blows yourself and wave him off.  You go down on one knee under my belly,
and it raises my ass, and with one hand twisting and punishing the tit you
can reach you use the other to spank me, much harder, the pain rising past
my limit and my cries for mercy washed away with the pure, flat, smacking
blows feel like they are right in my ass hole and pussy, the vibrations
stoking my orgasms, one right after the other and I want you to fuck your
whore, your dick in me, I want you to cum in me, your fuck-slave and my
screams penetrate your concentration on my spanking and you abruptly stop.
Throwing the paddle to the ground you reach and release the shackles and I
drop, mewling to the floor, my tits smashed into the clips and white hot,
like my cunt, punished and hurting.  You walk around a few feet in front of
me, your dick swaying, rock-hard and balls bursting again.  "Crawl to me and
beg me to fuck you.  Beg me as you drag your tits on the floor, now stop and
grind them till the clamps make you bleed again."  When I reach you  you
tell me to turn around and extend my arms straight out from my body, get up
on my knees and put my tits and head on the floor.  You motion the man near
me again and he puts his boot in the middle of my back, forcing my tits
harder on the floor and crushing me down on the floor, my ass spread infront
of you, my mouth jammed shut on the floor.  He holds me with his weight and
I feel you using the leather paddle even harder on my ass and inner thighs,
full arm stokes and I cum again.  When you see that you bury your teeth in
my butt cheek, chewing your way to my ass, tearing at it, crushing my tender
tissue, hurt and creaming in your teeth and sucking my pain out of me and
you fuck me, ass-pussy, ass-pussy, ass-pussy, until I feel you explode into
me and everything else is swallowed in the atomic fushion of our orgasms,
rippling through me uncontrollably as you end up in my ass and jerk out when
you're finished with my fucking.  The man's boot moves off my back and you
pull me up by the hair and I know I'm to clean your cock again, the balls
slapping my throat, waiting their turn and when I finish you throw me on my
back.

"Keep your legs open, cunt-bitch and put your arms behind your neck."  You
spread me to your satisfaction and raising the paddle again your land it
full on each nipple and once on my clit, watching me cry and gasp.  Not
waiting for me to  stop you circle the base of one tit with your grip,
forcing the bruised, swollen, torn skin into a hard ball and you unclamp my
nipple.  My world goes white hot and the pain is somehow worse than
everything else and I can't even speak as you let my tit relax, throbbing.
I know you are going to repeat this on my other nipple and I start to beg
but still can't speak and you pull it off me and I can't move or think.

You move your hands between my legs and put both thumbs in my pussy, your
fingers hard on my pelvic bone and stretch my pussy hard, my skin and clit
feel like they are about to burst and split but you stop and with one thumb
fucking my pussy then sliding into my ass, my pussy, my ass, then releasing
the clamp with the other hand and the pain is not quite as bad because as
soon as my clit is free you start to fuck my cunt with your hand, rubbing my
clit and smearing my cum and juice and blood up my belly and inner thighs
then straddling me and forcing you fingers and hand as far in my mouth as
they can go, then pulling them back and watching me suck and swallow , your
dick resting between my marked, swollen tits, the nipples pricked up as I
suck, the pain of the erection intense but bringing me off again.  I see you
look up at a clockface glowing from one of the tables and get up
matter-of-factly putting on our pants.  With your back to me you tell me to
get my fucked cunt and tits up off my back and crawl to you.  Afraid that I
can't take anymore if I displease you I struggle to my feet, as I crawl my
tits swing and burn and my cunt and ass are bubbling with your cum and mine,
running down my legs but I am getting hot again as I craw toward you and you
know it.  You turn around and tell me to get up and stand, my legs spread,
my arms behind my neck.  You appraise me, running rough hands over my entire
body again, testing my cunt and ass, going behind me to smash and crush my
tits and nipples, feeling the marks and tears you have left on me, and I
know it arouses you because I can feel you dick against me.  But you are
obviously leaving and have to time to get off again.  You continue feeling
me up and I stand there, used, hurting and throbbing, knowing you see a slut
with her blood and cum smeared on her belly and tits, but somehow, still
aroused.  The flush climbing my chest, nipples hardening as I wince with the
pain and my legs struggle to spread without falling down.  You put your
sopping fingers in my mouth, holding my eyes as I suck you, drinking in my
pain and my surrender.  You command me to my knees, watching to see that I
spread my legs far enough and my tits are properly jutting out and I watch
you unzip your fly again.  I see the golden drops at the head and realize
what you are going to do.  You're going to mark me like a herd animal's
peremeter as your property in the old way.  You start to hose my body with
your urine, starting with my tits and belly, making sure that you soak me
cunt, moving behind me and stopping your stream you push me down on my hands
and knees and if feel you spray my ass and butt, the warm liquid mingling
with my sweat and cum and blood and pouring down  my body, pooling under me
and you stop your stream again and I know you want me to rise to my knees
and cross my wrists behind my back as you spray my face and exposed neck.
The urine sets my wounds on fire and as I stand there, my Master's drenched
and fucked slave I can feel my clit twitch and I cum for you again.

You stride out of the room, leaving me standing there, stretched and exposed
to wait.  The men come in and I can tell they are shocked and aroused by the
sight  of me as they first saw me but changed now, forever by your marks and
branded as surely as if with a heated iron as your slave.  I can see their
hard dicks and jaws twitching as they feel me up, touching the welts and
whip marks, running their hands over my nipples and tits, wonder in their
eyes at how I could have survived it.  Their fingers of course, probe my
cunt and ass, feeling and seeing the torn flesh and abraided clit, still
hard and they gasp as they feel me respond when they stroke my pussy or
smear their fingers into or on my ass.  My tits are feeling tight, making
all my injuries burn and hurt but I am aroused at their amazement at my
abused body.  The cel phone rings and I know it is you.  They report that I
am conscious and still in positon and they report on my cunt and ass and are
given permission to cover me with a cloak they bring and take me home.  You
hang up.  I know they want to fuck me but are held in check by whatever you
have hanging over them.  They walk me to the van and put me on the box, in
the same position.  The video camera is still following everything and the
driver takes us back to town.  We pull up in my driveway and the driver
turns off the video camera.  One of the men helps me out and walk me to the
door. He puts my key in the lock and pushes it open.  I can feel the heat of
his eyes on me as he pulls the cloak from me as I walk, leaving me naked
again except for the boot, stockings and garter belt.  I turn to close the
door and I see the envy for you in his eyes.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  RAB


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





