BDSM Library - Souvenir




Souvenir
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In an arabian country a girl is punished by a jealous wife.
Souvenir. by Todd

Jessica realised that she was awake and glanced towards the green glow of her
bed side clock to see that it was only ten past four in the morning. Inwardly
groaning she curled into a foetal position and thrust her hands between her
thighs for comfort in the way she had always done since early childhood. But no
comfort came, it never would again. Those feelings had been left behind in Saudi
six months before. Jessica turned onto her back and stared into the dark her
mind going back to that terrible night in Jeddha.

Jessica was a teacher who had left the state education system in Britain greatly
dissatisfied and stressed out. She had worked part time till her savings began
to run out, then her job agency had come up with an offer of a years contract in
Saudi Arabia. The post had been as English teacher to the children of a minor
royal  who resided in Jedha and she had leapt at the chance of a years highly
paid employment abroad. Things had gone well, she had liked the children, two
girls aged eight and nine. The girls had been willing pupils, unlike the unruly
inner city kids she was used to back home. Jessica however was a young woman of
twenty eight and the normal yearnings for love had begun to emerge. Thats when
it had all gone terribly wrong. Jessica  had begun to take notice of the girls
father. He was a very good looking man in his mid thirties. Witty and charming,
he had asked her to call him Mo, short for Mohammed. Things had progressed from
friendly chat, to banter, and then  more. Mo had made a  pass at jessica and she
had fallen into his arms. A passionate affair  had ensued. although liasons had
had to be very carefully organised because adultery is a very serious crime in
Saudi as Jessica was to find out.
The liasons between Jesicca  and Mo had taken place in hotels around the city.
They had been very discreet so jessica had thought, but Jedha is not like London
where nobody takes any notice of anybody else. They had got  known about. It had
been noted that on the occasions Prince Mohammed went into an hotel a certain
fair haired English woman was also booked into a room in the same place. People
had whispered, some had said that the prince was enjoying his pleasures as a man
of the world. Others of a more religious mind had argued that the affair was a
disgrace, a crime against God and islam. This arguement had held sway. the
affair would be dealt with. The prince's wife had been informed. Hell hath no
fury like a woman scorned is the saying and this lady had been incandescant with
fury. Of the species the female is the most deadly and the wifes revenge was to
be most cruel.
The end had came one night in September. The lovers had been engrossed in an
intense moment of passion when the door of the hotel suit was smashed violently
open by a muscular policeman. Men had poured into the suit and straight towards
the bedroom. Jessica had screamed in terror at the terrifying intrusion but
Mohammed had slumped in resignation. guessing full well what was happening. The
religious police had staged a raid and he was caught red handed in the very act
of commiting adultery. He had jumped naked from the bed and bolted for the
bathroom, the policemen would not dare to lay hands on a royal. For Jessica it
was different. The men had stood round the bed and spat at her as she tried to
cover her nakedness with the silk sheet. An officer had entered the room. and
barked an order. Jessica had been roughly bundled up with her flimsy covering
and marched away and down the back stairs to the hotels loading bay. She had
been pushed into a plain black car and driven off at high speed into the night.
The journey had seemed interminable while Jessica's mind had spun with terror
and car sickness as the car lurched and skidded and accelerated noisily out of
the city and into the night. At last the car had stopped and Jessica had been
pulled outside still clutching her sheet and marched unceremoniously into a
gloomy building that had looked like a relic of the colonial past. Within the
building, which was in fact  an ancient military hospital, she had been marched
into what appeared to be a medical facility, the walls were white tiled and a
faint smell of antiseptic pervaded the atmosphere. A door opened into a large
full of medical equipment including a wooden examination couch complete with
styrupps. A man in a white coat and a veiled woman waited by an examination
couch. Mortified Jessica had realised that she was going to be examined because
the policemen immediately left.The sheet was removed and She had been made to
lay naked on the couch and put her feet in the styrupps. The Man, probably a
doctor had donned gloves and begun examining Jessica's genitles. It had been
acutely embarrassing. The man had felt in her vagina and taken a sample of the
fluids that she knew would still be present after the recent loveplay. Next and
worse still he had examined her vulva in detail watched by the woman. They had
both seemed very interested in her clitoris. the man had pulled the hood right
back and fingered the glans which made Her flinch. Both of them nodded and
seemed to smirk. Next he had let go the hood but immediatly rolled the whole
clitoris round and round watching intently. Despite her situation Jessica's
clitoris had became embarressingly erect. The woman  had muttered something  the
disgust in her voice very obvious. Jessica had then been allowed to get to her
feet after this and been given a long shift of course material to wear before
being take away to a cell. There she  had spent the night, huddled on a hard
bare mattress her mind a whirl of fear and apprehension. She knew that adultery
was a serious offence and endless possiblities whirled through her exhausted
brain.
The dawn had came at six thirty as it does in the middle east. Jessica had been
awakend and given water only. At ten she had been taken from her cell and
allowed to take a shower, luxury indeed in the desert. She was taken back to her
cell and left to wait for what ever would befall.
 The sequence of events was engraved so starkly on her mind that to Jessica it
might have happened yesterday. She replayed that day again in memory as she lay
wide awake in the dark.

It was about noon and the middle eastern spring day was beginning to get too
warm for her liking stuck as she was in a airless little room waiting for God
knew what. Jessica was becoming more bored  than apprehensive now. Twelve hours
in this shit hole was as much as she wanted thankyou.
voices suddenly echoed along the passage ouside the door. Footsteps came up to
it and stopped. The key rattled in the lock and the door swung open with a groan
of old hinges.
A policeman entered the room and regarded the English woman dispassionately.
"Whats going to happen to me?" Jessica asked "I hope you're going to release me"
"That is not possible right now" said the man in excellent English "You are
guilty of a serious crime Miss Lawson. It is necessary for you to come with me
now"
"Oh, why?" Jessica asked
"You will see soon enough"the policeman said "You will see. Come please!"
She was away in the direction of the medical facility again.
"Where are we going?" Jessica demanded feeling a little alarmed.
The policeman ignored her and seemed to walk faster. The door to the medical
area loomed up ahead and they entered. Jessica's heart lurched and began to thud
hard in her chest. Several veiled women were gathered in the corridor outside
the examination room. One of them was Mohammed wife Fattima. Jessica recognised
the rings on the exposed hands.
"What are they doing here?" Jessica asked alarmed "Whats going to happen to me?"
The policeman merely pushed Jessica forwards without a word and turned on his
heel. The sound of the door lock being turned came clearly to Jessica's ears.
"Ah Miss Lawson wellcome to our little meeting" Fattima sneered "Or perhapps I
should call you Jezebel"
"Why are you here" Jessica choked out
"we are here, my cousins and I, to give you a choice my dear Jessica" Fattima
smiled without warmth "Adulteresses are among the worst type of women in our
country and you  are an adulteress"
"It took two of us!" Jessica said "Mo started it"
"Mohammed is a sucker for white women and a fool in general" Fattima sneered.
"Anyway we are not here to deal with my husbands stupidity but your adultery"
The other women muttered agreement and flung back their veils They looked a sour
bunch Jessica thought. and they all regarded her with total distain.
"What is going to happen to me?" Jessica asked quietly. "Revenge?"
"Revenge is the arab way" Fattima smiled again "Tell her someone"
A large older woman stepped forward. "Adultery bring death" She said in a thick
accent.
"Death!" Jessica was stunned
"Yes If  we put you  before the sharia court in this town you would be sentence
to death by stoning and would die by sunset" Fattima stated with relish "The
proper islamic punishment"
"Im English you have no legal power over me!" jessica shouted in growing terror
"They wouldn't dare touch me"
"My dear, we are ninety kilometres from Jedha, Sharia law is the only law out
here in the desert" Fattima was enjoying Jessica's very real terror"
"Please let me go. You can't kill me. it was only an affair nobody gets executed
for having and affair. Christ!" Jessica slumped against the wall,  tears
flooding down her pale cheeks, convinced that she was going to be horribly
murdered. Why had she ever come to this flyblown hellhole of a place. damn all 
arabs to hell!.
Fattima came to stand over her vanquished rival. She smiled to herself, now
comes my pleasure she thought.
"I have alternative" she said "I do not want you dead, the dead do not suffer
enough"
"What?" Jessica croaked "What do you mean?"
"There is another punishment that a woman may inflict on an adulteress" Fattima
paused savouring the moment. "A punishment much favoured by a wife who grows
jealous of one of her husbands favourite concubines"
"Concubine?" Jessica was bewildered.
"Yes such a one would suffer the harshest punishment a woman can receive besides
death."Fattima brought her face down to with centimetres of jessica's.
"Circumcison  would be her punishment!"
"Circumcision?" Jessica gasped in horror "Circumcision. Me?"
"Why yes its the perfect punishment for one such as you" Fattima sneered "You
western women disgust me. A good arab girl would never act like you do, sex.
sex,sex. Well its got you into bad trouble now."
"But circumcision is horrible. Its a vile mutilation of a womans body!" Jessica
wailed her protest "I won't submitt, you can't make me!"
"Oh no, well remember the sharia court and an appointment with a baying crowd at
dusk!" Fattima said "Stoning is not an easy death. I have witnessed such a death
and it was an agonising way to be executed. Now if you want to avoid this
terrible end you must ask us to circumcise you as atonement for your adultery"
"Ask you to!. Your'e all mad!" Jessica cried and sprang towards the door but
hands seized her before she could reach it.
"That door is locked shut. You do not leave here unless circumcised or ready to
face the court, oh, and the head judge is a second cousin of mine so expect no
clemency"
Fattima stared hard at Jessica waiting for the younger womans will to crack.
"Well what is it to be? The little knife, or the baying mob. Choose swiftly now
for I grow impatient"
Jessica saw all the womens eyes fixed on her. She felt their hostility, their
eagerness to do this terrible thing to her, and worst of all Fattima's righteous
pleasure. Her mind went back to when she was ten or eleven and prone to bullying
by a gang of older girls. They had made her strip  on several occasions to
totally humiliate her and smacked her naked bottom to make her cry . The
experience had left its mark because a secret part of her had enjoyed the
experience. Forced nudity and humiliation had excited her then and sometimes the
thrill of it recurred in  dreams.
Jessica felt her will dissolving. She acknowledged Fattima's desire for justice
as she saw it, but this was so cruel and permanent. Her bottom tingled as if
about to be smacked.
"Well?" Fattima goaded
"I. I'm sorry to have offended you" Jessica heard herself mumble.
"Say it, ask!" Fattima said "Ask for your punishment"
"Oh God" Jessica pleaded to herself. Fattima smiled here it came
"Please I, Iv'e been a wicked woman" Jessica mumbled "I am a dirty woman please
make me clean.
"Thats better but let us hear it properly" Fattima demanded "say what you want
us to do for you"
"Please make me clean. Cir..circumcise me I deserve it" Jessica was stunned to
hear her self say it "Please make me a clean woman"
"Very well Miss Lawson we will" Fattima smiled in triumph and uttered something
in arabic there came smiles and nodds of approval from the women.
"Lets go into the examination room shall we"
Jessica let herself be led head bowed into the room where she had been examined
so humiliatingly some hours before. The examination couch was covered with a
clean green cloth. A covered tray stood on the adjacent locker  with bottles of
anitseptics and packets of swabs . She realised with a shock that this had been
well planned and this made her sense of humiliation and defeat total.
"Let us proceed" fattima said "Please take off that shift and come to the
circumcision couch"
Jessica hesitated, staring at the couch with all its gynocological
paraphernalia. How many others had occupied that space to have their precious
flesh subjugated. A stange  feeling blossomed in her belly as she visualised
herself lying there open legged while they did it to her. It was just like when
she was a girl and those bullies had made her do things. She knew that secretly
she almost wellcomed this, and maybe was excited by it. Slowly and with
deepening humiliation Jessica drew the garment up her body and over her head.
the womens eyes seemed to burn into her naked body gravitating to her pubic
region. some smirked. at the sight.She had trimmed the hair very short because
Mohammed liked it that way and she guessed her doomed clitoris must be very
visible to all present. She shivered with reaction and felt her bladder
contract.
"Come then" Fattima said quietly and taking her arm led Jessica up to the couch.
"Get up then"
Jessica stared at the green cloth the styrupps and then at Fattima. She turned
and backed onto the couch slide her bottom onto the cloth covered surface and
lay back.
Fattima herself lifted Jessica's legs over the rests and positioned the heels in
the syrupps.  She fastened the restraining strapps and stared down between
Jessica's wide open legs noting how pink the English girls flesh was compared to
her own. The clitoris was large and proud. Fattima was jealous of this one
thing. Her own had been taken away when she was eleven years old. Now her rival
was going to lose hers and it would be a grievousl loss for her. Other women put
staps round Jessica's torso and secured her arms above her head.Thus she was
held completely at their mercy. Shaving foam was produced and applied to
Jessica's vulva. Fattima applied a cheap disposable razor and began cleaning the
stubble off of the pubis and then the outer lips. It felt strangely nice to be
shaved like that and Jessica wouldn't help gasping faintly in  with unexpected
pleasure.
 "You are a dirty one  Miss Lawson" Fattima sneered as she worked "Look at you,
this circumcision comes not before time"
Jessica's clitoris had become starkly erect. The women muttered their disgust.
Fattima began to roll the organ around thinking of a last humiliation for her
rival.
"Shall you make one last dirty pleasure before I take this off? she said craning
so she could meet jessica's eyes. "Lets see shall we?".
"You. you're going to do it yourself, circumcise me" Jessica choked out as she
felt the pressure on her clitoris increasing "God you're a demon"
"Its an old arab tradition. the deceived wife gets her way with her rival before
she circumcises her"  fattima smiled and continued to roll the doomed clitoris
around and around increasing the speed and pressure. Jessica could only gasp and
tense up trying to prevent this last humliation but it was no good. Her body
would not obey her will and the tension turned to a desperateneed for release.
"Remember this is the last time you will ever feel this pleasure" Fattima hissed
"Remember also that a woman scorned is the cruelest avenger"
"No nah umm" Jessica's orgasm arrived with explosive intensity and she moaned
loudly as the pulsations possesed her nerves, racking her exquisitly before she
fell into a half faint.
Fattima waited untill Jessica was properly conscious again before showing her
the little knife that was going to be used to circumcise her.
A second woman leaned over Jessica's body and held open her outer lips. Fattima
took hold of the clitoris and drew it out and upwards. Jessica tenses up in
anticipation of pain, sweat beginning to glisten over her body but nothing
prepared her for the agony that was to come.
"Now feel my revenge!" she hissed and sliced in deeply under the clitoris
severing the nerve. Jessica screamed as terrifying pain exploded in her vulva
and erupted into her throat.Her vison sparkled at the shock of it.
More pain began as Fattima cut along the sides of the clitoral ridge and tugged
the whole boat shaped piece of flesh out of jessica's body.
"Salat! cried the women "purity!"
Jessica could only manage strangled mewling noises as Fattima stretched out the
inner lipps and deftly sliced each of them away from her body.
Urine gushed and spattered to the floor mixed with bright blood. The women made
loud whooping noises as Fattima held up the severed flesh.
Jessica mercifully passed out and didn't have to suffer more as they staunched
the blood and stitched shut the place where her clitoris had been.
She had been kept in the hospital for a week to allow a degree of healing before
being sent  back to England. It was a week of abject misery and humiliation. The
pain had been severe for a couple of days but had died down to a nasty sharp
aching by the time she had been put on the flight home. Jessica's humiliation
had been complete and now she was emotionally isolated. she said nothing to
anyone when she arrived back in England. She had retreated to her flat in
Aylesbury and tried to come to terms with her loss. Sexual pleasure was just a
memory from a past life now.
Then came the final insult. A parcel arrived with Saudi Arabian documentation.
Jessica opened it to find a sealed glass jar. She was momentarily at a loss as
to what the pale things were that floated in a clear liquid. Then she realised.
The objects were her clitoris and labia preserved on alchohol. But worse was a
note included with the jar. it read.

"Dear Miss Lawson,
I am amused to inform you that there was no sharia court the day  you agreed to
let me circumcise you, nor in that nasty little desert town.
 I am however sure you deserved it as an adulteress.Maybe you wellcomed it, no?
I gained much satisfaction from the proceedings and Mohammed is much chastened
over the matter  of your affair.
Revenge is a dish best eaten cold my dear, enjoy your souvenirs
Best regards
                   Fattima Ali

Jessica wept bitter tears of rage as she read it.  Fattima had sent her a most
personal souvenir of her time in Saudi Arabia. thus her revenge was complete.



Todd 28 December 2000




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Todd(no email) 


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





