BDSM Library - Lost & Found




Lost & Found
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: What an alien princess takes away is restored in a most unique way.
Lost & Found


	Rob didn't like it at all; first the emergency road trip to assist a
faltering client, the fearsome rainstorm, the blown tire, the lonely stretch of
evergreen-lined road, the bright light and the loss of time.  He was now in what
appeared to be a 19th century study, with walls lined with books and no apparent
windows.  The one double-door was locked and musty odor was overbearing.  Time
meant nothing here, and Rob felt the same of himself.

	The lights dimmed, and from a darkened corner, she first appeared in a
translucent gown that flowed on silent breezes.  Her feet never touched the
ground as she drifted towards him with her angelic countenance.  As she drew
near, he could make out the delicate features of her face and the youthful
blossom of her femininity.  If she was indeed an apparition, he welcomed her
presence despite his fear of the unknown.  She did not speak in the literal
sense, but Rob responded with words as she lightly touched his shoulder.

	"I am not from and can never become a part of your world; yet you shall
enter mine with your precious seed."

	"Pardon the cliche, but what in the hell are you talking about," Rob
asked, disgruntled by a greeting that was a riddle.

	Her clothing vanished, and his muddied suit disappeared in an instant,
leaving them both naked.  Her femininity was more than pristine, it was almost
too perfect especially when compared to his overfed body that reeked and sagged
in a tribute to times ravages.  Her silken flowing hair continued to drift
gently in the still air accentuating her almond shaped face and long delicious
neck crowning the most perfect torso he had ever laid eyes on.  Her firm snow
white breasts rode her chest majestically and were crowned with delicate pink
nipples.  The soft skin that covered her tapered tummy and almost invisible
navel had nary a wrinkle and her hips blossomed invitingly around the peach fuzz
that barely hid the lips of her femininity.  They, too, were pink and firm,
barely separated enough for the inner petals to protrude in their engorged state
of arousal.  Her legs were long and sinewy tapering to her perfectly tiny feet
and crowned by a perfectly round ass. 

	Rob was in awe of his host, and felt his cock stirring immediately to
the feast his eyes beheld.  Seeing the instrument of delivery responding to her
carefully engineered assets, she swept towards him, embracing him with the
loving tenderness of a long lost lover.  The middle finger of her left hand
elongated and quickly penetrated his anus, moving swiftly towards the prostrate,
while her right hand gently massaged his balls with firm gentleness.  He closed
his eyes to the sexual assault until he felt her lips gently slide past his
corona and down into the depths of his pubic hair.  Her tongue flicked rapidly
across the frenulum and glans, bringing him beyond ecstasy he had previously not
known.     He looked down into the field of flowing luminescent hair, as the
first geyser of his seed, encouraged by her gentle pressure on his prostrate,
began to erupt violently into her esophagus. 

	The temptress continued to draw his boiling seed into her mouth,
steadily increasing her suction between each powerful spurt.  Her finger, now
strategically placed in the center of his prostrate was vibrating wildly,
forcing the last ounce of his life giving cream into the convulsing urethra. 
Rob grunted with overstimulation as his glans became painfully enlarged and his
urethra became increasingly agitated with the burning flow of his essence. 
Something was painfully wrong he thought as he tumbled backwards onto the
circular throw rug with his seductress clamped to his hips like a vice.  He
could feel the burning in his torso increase violently, corresponding to her
inhuman sucking, until with an audible slushy noise, his prostrate was torn lose
from its membranes to descend down the back of her throat.  He screamed and
tried to tear her away, but she continued her mission until now void of most all
of his internal sexual apparatus, she squeezed her hand around the two remaining
gonads and tore them away from his body. 

	She arose from his body and reached over to the oak desk for a tiny
apparatus that she pointed at his groin and released a small but blinding light
that instantly cauterized his scrotum and the bleeding urethral shaft.  A
second, much bright light emanating from above blinded him, and Rob remembered
nothing of the entire evolution as he sat in his car and listened to the
diminishing rain.  Out of the darkness a tow truck emerged, its operator just
returning from a multi-car pile-up on the turnpike to which he had arrived late. 
With thirty dollars and a retread expertly mounted in a fraction of the time it
would have taken Rob, he was once again en route to his troubled client.  It
wasn't until he went to relieve himself in the rented hotel room that Rob became
aware of his baby makers demise.

	"That was a trifle more forceful than necessary, my child," the soothing
voice taunted from deep within the ship as she emptied her oral receptacle into
the vessels cryo-unit.

	"How would you define the multi-vehicular accident your presence
initiated, my lord," the delicately feminine voice retorted gently.

	"Touche," the deep voice countered with a chuckle as the ship
disappeared into the cumulus clouds that were reforming and threatening the
suburbs once again.

	Rob sat on the toilet with his face buried in his hands.  The faint
burning sensation in his loins had diminished over the past several hours thanks
to the bottle of JB that sat on the small nightstand next to the unruffled bed. 
How would he explain the disappearance of his gonads to his doctor or his
girlfriend.  Further what would become of his drive and desire.  Rob attributed
much of his success to the pure male drive that originated between his legs, and
knew with his nuts now gone, he would increasingly become more feminine and less
aggressive.  Basking in his own self-pity he turned and puked into the shower
stall.

	"Hey, watch it earthling," a little voice spat from beneath the drain.

	"What the f. . .?"

	"Would you mind toning down the obscenities, they hurt my virgin ears!"

	"Huh?" Rob snapped out of his doldrums and peered down the stinky drain
with his penlight.  He saw a pair of eyes glint momentarily and fell backwards
in awe of the power of JB.

	"Hey, snap out of it, we're here to help;" the little voice became
louder as the drain screen slowly unscrewed itself and several little green
pixies emerged from beneath.  "We know how you feel, and it's a real bummer, but
although we can't get the originals back, we can give you suitable substitutes
that will keep you from growing tits!"

	"Alright, where's the Candid Camera crew," Rob stammered skeptically.

	"Not here, earthman - do you want our help or don't you," there were
seven of them now that made Rob wonder where Snow White was hiding.

	"I don't know what I want, Grumpy," Rob retorted as the room began to
spin.  The JB was about to put him under, and that was just fine by him.  "Just
leave me be, OK?"

	Rob was still somewhat aware but beyond the ability to do anything as
the little creatures begin working over his torso with an orchestrated fury that
was a wonder to behold.  He felt tugs and pinches at his scrotal sac and saw
several more workers appear rolling metallic objects that were roughly the same
size and shape of his missing gonads.  Several more soon appeared with miniature
medical bags and a gelatinous mass that they wrestled gingerly between his legs. 
He tried to raise up on his elbows to observe but the effort was entirely too
much and he collapsed onto his back mumbling something discernable as he drifted
into senselessness.  

	When Rob awoke to the morning light, his mouth felt like the great
Sahara and his genitals throbbed unmercifully.  Tentatively, he reached beneath
the sheets and felt the reassuring shape of his balls in their rightful place. 
Despite the hangover, he breathed a sigh of relief and fondled his jewels
placidly, wondering if and what had happened over the past twelve hours.  The
warmth of his hands on his manhood brought the shriveled gristle to life, as he
massaged the silky smooth flesh in the time tested manner that always brought
him to a fulfilling release.  Somewhere, deep within, he knew something wasn't
right; his throbbing probe had grown and felt more responsive than ever before. 

	As Rob continued his intimate massage, his free hand fondled his scrotal
sac triggering a dull metallic thud that resounded through the room.  Reality
instantly returned and his manhood softened almost immediately.  The absurdity
of his recent experiences escaped rationalization yet the yearning in his loins
urged him on despite the inconsistencies and he found himself caressing his
alien transplant with renewed vigor.  Almost immediately, it sprang back to life
and began its rhythmic contractions of ecstasy.  Suddenly, Rob's inhibitions
vanished completely as the first wave of orgasmic release swept over him. 
Unlike anything he'd ever experienced before, every fibre, including those only
remotely connected to his pleasure centers, exploded with a visual display of a
thousand fourth of July's.  His hips arched high into the air as the first
geyser blasted fourth with so much fury that it ricochet from the ceiling
showering him in semen mist and plaster granules.  Unrelentingly, the second
seminal eruption hit the headboard with an audible thud that splintered part of
the wood and left him screaming in ecstasy.  The third blast left his mechanical
prostrate with greater force than the previous two, literally exploding through
his urethra and blowing the glans free of his straining manhood.  It landed
across the room after slamming against one of the stained walls and landed with
an audible plop in a pool of jism.  Rob collapsed, breathless yet more satiated
than he had ever been in his life. 

	"Whew what a show; did you see the headboard?" 

	The pensive one only nodded, as he stroked his chin.

	"What's a matter," asked the first.

	"I think we better turn down the seminal assist feed pumps to half
pressure; he could kill somebody with that thing."

	"As always, you're right Chief; shall we get to work before he knows
what he's been missing?"

	The entire ensemble mumbled their agreement in unison as they began to
drag their utensils from the reopened floor drain.  It would take several more
tries before the bionic genitals appropriately mimicked their natural
counterparts.  Little did Rob know, that he was being prepped to become the
permanent partner of the Queen from within.  But that's yet another tale for
another time.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





