BDSM Library - Ebb Tide




Ebb Tide
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young punk girl sets off for a fun day at the seaside arcades. Unfortunately the lift she gets takes her to a rather dull (for her) yachting resort. She steals a small boat and with her lack of skills does a considerable amount of damage to an expensive large yacht. The owner demands payment in a painful way. The owner of the stolen small craft also demands his payment in services too.
Ebb Tide

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF NC punish. rape

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material -or- if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.


This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright 2002




Ebb Tide

by obohobo



Chapter 1. A day at the seaside

Trudy Ahern sat uncomfortably on piles of ropes cursing loudly and wondering how
she had managed to get herself into this situation. "You fucking bastard! Let me
out! You can't fucking keep me here!" And so it went on but no one heard. The
thick oak planking and pine deck, deadened the sound. It reverberated only in
the small, almost triangular room, if you could call it that. Trudy sat and
swore in the semi-darkness trying to see in a room lit only by two thick glass
deck lights a few inches wide and a foot long. Long ago the room was painted
dark brown but for many years it had only been used as a store room. Trudy eyes
took a long while to discern where she could sit in safety if not in comfort.
Had she known at the time, she was in the fo'c's'le of an old Thames sailing
barge now converted to a motor powered houseboat. Her nose though, sensed a
strong smell of tar and pitch intermingled with the odour given off by natural
fibre rope. In the dim light she could barely see the steps leading to the
hatchway through which she had been forced to enter. A hatchway now locked from
the outside imprisoning her on this old barge. Held there by a powerful man she
didn't know and who was extremely angry with her.

Seventeen year old Trudy was no stranger to trouble. She probably knew more
about the interview rooms and the holding cells at her local police station than
she did the kitchen of her own home. Even her appearance exhuded an aura which
said 'trouble'. With her green and pink spiky, punk style hair, the stud in her
nose and the ring in her belly button, her cut off jeans and summer blouse even
though it was still cool in April, she tried to show everyone she was a tough
nut. At only 5 ft 2 inches but stockily built, she felt the need to send out a
'stay clear of me' message.

Trudy had left school with no qualifications. That wasn't surprising. She played
truant frequently and when in school caused so much disruption she was excluded
for two weeks or a month at a time. Her mind and body rebelled against
authority. If told, or even asked in a way that might be construed as a order,
she immediately did exactly the opposite. Margaret, her mother, didn't believe
in smacking or any form of corporal punishment and tried being kind and
reasoning with her when she was young but Trudy soon realised it was a sign of
weakness and ignored it. Later, when Margaret saw kindness wasn't working, Trudy
was too strong for her to punish physically.

At thirteen, Trudy started hanging around with older punk groups and eagerly
learned how to steal from shops to get not just the things she thought she
wanted but to give her the excitement and the street cred she needed to hold her
place in the group. She also gave her body to them and publicly lost her
virginity to an eighteen year old youth. The event was watched by four other
boys and two girls. Two of the boys had their turn afterwards. Thereafter sex
was never any big deal but was frequently used as a tool to obtain what she
wanted or to 'buy' her way out of trouble.

On a number of occasions she was caught shoplifting, but more often she got away
with it and through her friends and contacts she made, was able to sell the
goods on. Five times she was taken to court and let off with a caution but the
last time the female judge was less lenient and gave her a hefty fine with the
promise that she would send her to young offenders institution if Trudy came
before her again. Trudy, still being technically a minor, the payment of the
fine fell to her mother who tried to find extra work to keep up the payments. In
many ways she wished they had sent her daughter to prison. Maybe then, she would
learn to behave but she also knew that if sent to prison her girl would probably
come out worse, not better. Only last week when Margaret had complained of the
mess Trudy and her friends had made in the kitchen, her daughter had lashed out
and struck her across the face. She loved her daughter but knew she couldn't
take much more of her beatings and misbehaviour.

"If only her father were here," Margaret thought, but he just up and left ten
years ago and hadn't been heard of since. They only had benefit payments and the
little Margaret earned to support them.

Trudy was determined not to cry. This might not be like a police station where
she could demand a brief or sit relatively comfortably in a cell and demand tea.
Here banging on the hatch boards seemed to have no effect other than make her
fists sore. They brought no response from the man who brought her here. Worse
though, was the sound of the water running outside. It made her want to pee and
to pee badly. What had started out that morning as a trip to the seaside for a
fun day at the arcades had turned into a nightmare.

********

Crawling out of bed at 10 a.m. Trudy decided to go off on her own and do
something different. It was the Friday after Easter, the day was sunny but with
a cold wind blowing. "It won't affect me," she said to herself, "I won't need a
coat. I'm tough enough to withstand a little coldness.". After making sure her
hair spikes were well sprayed and stiff, she donned her cut-offs and a
sleeveless shirt. No need to worry about knickers or bra though she would need
that other status symbol, her big Doc Martens boots. Stuffing a few notes and
coins in her pocket Trudy set off from her home in Billericay to hitchhike to
Southend on Sea. "The pier and its amusements should be good for a laugh," she
said to herself.

A car stopped almost as soon as she started thumbing. "Where to?" asked the
driver.

"Southend."

"I can only take you a little way. I'm going to Burnham."

"What's there?"

"Lots of boats, sailing and things."

Trudy thought that if there were boats it must be a sort of seaside place so
decided to check it out. Less than an hour later the driver pulled into a little
used private parking space behind the clock tower. Quickly slipping out of his
seat belt he put his left arm around Trudy's shoulder and slid his right hand up
the leg of her shorts. "This is one hot little bitch," he thought, "With all the
flesh she is showing I should be good for a quick one at least,"

"How about a little payment for your fare?" he asked in a voice that indicated
in Trudy's mind he wanted sex as payment. Two swift blows to his face with her
hard fists, left the man in no doubt as to her answer. Hardly had he raised his
hands to protect himself than Trudy was out of the car and slamming the door.
She enquired of a young boy and was directed to the quay.

What a disappointment. High tide. Plenty of boats. Many bobbing at moorings and
a few sailing gracefully along. But Trudy wasn't there for the scenic beauty.
She wanted life. Action. Amusement. "Perhaps the arcades are further along," she
thought. She walked along the promenade, past boat sheds until she came to a
marina which seemed to be the end of the town. "Bugger," she said almost out
loud, "All this way for nothing!" She sat and watched the boats zipping along.
"Might be nice to try that. Looks easy enough. There's one at the end of that
little jetty thing that nobody seems to be looking after."

Walking nonchalantly along the walkway to the sailing dinghy. "Sally" was neatly
painted on the transom. "Well, Sally," Trudy said to herself, "Let's see what
this boating lark is all about." Untying the painter (although she didn't then
know that was the name for the rope), she pushed the boat away from the jetty
and sat down on a thwart. Picking a pair of oars, she decided she would have to
try rowing but having only been out on a quiet reservoir before, soon found it
was not the easiest thing to do especially with all the sailing gear in her way.

By now it was about an hour after high water and the ebb tide was running
strongly, taking her down river and amongst the moored boats at high speed. The
Sally hit one or two without any damage being done before Trudy was able to
splash the oars in some semblance of rowing order to get the boat out of their
line. This however, took her to the next line of larger boats and the chainplate
on Sally scored a line down the paint work of the larger boat's side before
Trudy manage to push it free. The wind and Trudy's efforts at rowing took Sally
farther out and soon she was in the line of the really large and horrendously
expensive motor boats and yachts. Suddenly looking to one side, Trudy saw the
bowsprit of a beautiful white yacht loom above her head. The tide carried the
Sally broadside on to the sharp bow of this lovely craft. "CRAACKKK!!
CRRRRUUUNNNCCH!!" The loud bang and crunching sounds could be heard for a
considerable distance. The Sally careened over and then started sliding along
the yacht's side until her rigging caught in the bowsprit of the larger vessel.




Chapter 2. Caught

Peter Brinkley walked sedately up the ramp from the field side of the marina
until he saw his friend Don Bowman, waving frantically for him to hurry. "What's
up Don?"

"C'mon. Someone's taken your boat and is getting into trouble with it," Don
urged his friend on. Cresting the top of the seawall, he could see the Sally
nearly in midstream with someone aboard who so obviously knew nothing about
rowing or seamanship. They raced down the boardway, jumped into Don's motor
tender and set off for the Sally. Don gunned the motor but it was not a speed
boat and it would take long minutes before they reached Peter's sailing dinghy.
In the distance they saw it had just cleared itself from one small sailing boat
and was now being blown out towards the main shipping channel.

"She's not going to clear Ayala." Don's voice was grim. "We'll have to string
that stupid bastard up by his toes when we get him and then make him pay for the
damage." From less than thirty yards they saw the strike. Ayala's bowsprit slid
between the forestay and mast on the Sally. Ayala's stem bit into Sally's
gunwale. Sally swung round in the fast tide rip, keeled over at nearly 45
degrees and began taking in water. They saw the occupant thrown on the
floorboards and not re-appear. Sally righted herself a little, the mast caught
in Ayala's rigging.

For Trudy it seemed like things were happening in slow motion. The boat tilted.
She was thrown into the bottom. Water poured in. Voices were heard. She was
lifted and dumped unceremoniously in another boat. And then concerned
conversations about the state of the boats. No concern over her!

"Looks as if you'll have quite a bit to do on Sally before you can take her out
again, Pete. Top of the stem's shattered and a bit of the gunwale smashed out."
Don was appraising the damage as they cleared the entanglement of wire and wood
between Sally and Ayala.

"Yeah, and Alison's going to be real upset when she hears of the damage to her
beloved boat. All that scoring to the paintwork and the broken bowsprit. It'll
cost a pretty penny to put that right and she won't do it herself. Browns always
do her work and they ain't cheap." Pete surveyed the damage to Ayala.

By now the two boats were free of each other and Don towed Sally back upstream,
punching the strong current. Pete turned his attention to the girl while Don
steered. "I hope you've plenty of money Miss. You've done a lot of very
expensive damage." Trudy sat shivering on the floorboards. She had been drenched
when the water came over the side and being April, the seawater was still very
cold. The chill wind penetrated the thin wet shirt causing her nipples to erect.
Goosebumps raised themselves on her bare legs and arms. Trudy shivered. These
men though were more interested in their boats and the damage caused. They were
very angry with Trudy although they hardly spoke to her directly.

"You want me to take you to the marina?" Don asked.

"No. Drop us at the Emma May first please Don," Pete replied, "Then I can find
out who this stupid bitch is and what she thought she was up to. I can phone the
river police from there."

Trudy noticed "Emma May" carved in an elaborate scroll on the back of a big
black boat as they came up to it. Don slowed the engine, Pete leaped aboard with
a rope in his hand and made the motor tender fast alongside. They manoeuvred
Sally under a pair of davits, lifted her from the water and swung her on to the
barge's deck. Both surveyed the damaged in more detail. "You'll have to scarf a
new top to the stem and a couple of bits in the gunwale and get a new stemhead
fitting. That one's knackered." Don gave his view.

Pete agreed, "And even if the weather holds so I can do the work, it will take a
couple of days at least. What a bind and today is such good sailing weather.
That bitch has a lot to answer for."

"What are you gonna do about her?"

"Guess I'll have to bring her aboard and find out who she is." They both looked
down at the visibly shivering Trudy. "Guess I'll find a blanket or something for
her too. She not dressed for the water and I don't want the bitch to die on me.
Looks like the sea has affected her hair too!" Don and Pete laughed. Trudy's
spiky hair was now a bedraggled mess of green and pink colour.

"C'mon up Punk," Pete yelled.

"Noooo. Take me to the shore."

"Not likely. You can't run away from here. C'mon. Up you get." Don had jumped
down into his motor boat and was helping the struggling Trudy to her feet. Her
resistance was futile. A small shivering girl, even one as tough as Trudy
thought she was, was no match for two strong men. In no time she was lifted on
to the barge's deck.

"You need any help, just give me a tinkle," Don said as he started the engine
again, "Better go now, the missus will have dinner on the table and she gets
annoyed if I'm late. Yeah, and watch what you get up to with her! Don't do
anything I wouldn't do!"

Pete turned to Trudy, "Take them boots off and then we'll see if we can find
something warm for you. No one wears boots like that on a boat, even on an old
barge like the Emma May."

Trudy resented being told to remove her boots and wanted to rebel against the
order. They were an integral part of her but they were full of cold seawater so
she sat on the cabin top and reluctantly took them off. Pete put his arm around
her shoulders, "Come with me," was all he said but it was enough of an order to
aggravate Trudy. She leaped up and took a mighty kick at his crotch with her
bare feet. Luckily for Pete his reactions were still fast. He had given up
amateur wrestling four years ago but in micro seconds it was as though he was
still in the ring. Catching her foot in mid swing, Trudy quickly found herself
wrapped around his shoulders, her arms trapped by his left hand and her legs
with his right.

"Okay, Punk, if that's they way you want it. Let's see what a spell in the
fo'c's'le will do for you." Pete carried her to the forward end of the barge,
opened a hatch and lowered Trudy down. Closing the curved hatch he clipped the
padlock into the hasp. No need to lock it. There was no way of opening the hatch
from inside. At first Trudy yelled and screamed and vented her fury on the
hatchway until her fists were sore, then in near darkness she fumbled around
until she found a place to sit and for the first time for many years she began
to cry as well as swear.

She had no idea of the time and even if she see the figures well enough, the
cheap watch she had stolen from a market stall didn't survive immersion in
water. There were no other noises she could really identify other than the
rippling of water as it rushed by the boat. Gradually her eyes became accustomed
to the dim light and she started to make out the general overall shape of the
room. As far as she could tell, it was nothing more than a store room. Rope,
canvas, paint all seemingly in disarray. The rope she was sitting on began to
cut into her thighs. Cold bit into her body and she shivered almost
uncontrollably. "Is he going to let me die in here?" Trudy swore again out loud,
"He sure seems angry over his stupid little boat."

After what seemed to her like hours but was in fact less than an hour, the hatch
opened a few inches. "If I let you out of her and take you to the after cabin
are you going to behave yourself Punk?" Pete asked.

"What are you going to do with me?"

"I don't like bitches who answer a question with a question. Now are you going
to behave yourself if I take you to the cabin?

Trudy quietly said, "I guess so."

"Is that a straight yes or no! I'm not playing games with you. Not after the
trouble you have caused."

"Get stuffed Fucker!"

Pete shut the hatch again. He left Trudy for nearly another hour before
returning and asking the question again. This time the answer was a quiet,
"Yes."

Trudy climbed the companionway and was immediately hit by a cold blast of air as
she came on the deck. She shivered so violently that she had difficulty in
walking. "I'm going to pick you up and carry you Punk so keep your feet to
yourself." Pete carried Trudy to the galley where the smell of freshly cooked
food assailed her nostrils. She felt hungry and felt a little sick. "Get those
wet things off," Pete ordered, "And put them in that bucket of fresh water to
soak the salt out.".

Trudy hesitated but then thought what the hell. She wasn't a virgin by any
stretch of the imagination and she might once again have to use her sex to buy
her way out of trouble. Pete watched. "Surprise, surprise," he remarked, "Your
cunt hair doesn't match your head." He laughed and went on, "Here put this
dressing gown on, sit over there and get a cup of tea down you while I dish up
some grub."

"I need to piss." Pete showed her how to work the toilet and was surprised when
Trudy just opened the gown and sat on the seat and unashamedly pissed while he
stood in front of her.

Pete was over 6 feet tall and well built so Trudy was almost lost in the
dressing gown but it felt warm and what with the tea, the food and cabin warmth
she began to feel drowsy. She was relaxed so it became a surprise when Pete
abruptly started to question her.

Slowly he elicited who she was, some of her past history and her mother's phone
number. He dialled it.

"417612?"

"Margaret Ahern? You won't know me but I'm Peter Brinkley and I have your
daughter ...."

"Oh, what has the girl stolen now? I can't pay any more fines for her. You'll
just have to prosecute...."

"It's not as simple as that Mrs. Ahern. Your daughter stole a boat and has done
thousands of pounds worth of damage."

"Boats? Damage? Where is she? She's never been in a boat in her life. She
doesn't know the first thing about them...."

"You are right there Mrs. Ahern. That's what caused the damage. We are at
Burnham on Crouch. Can you come down here and we can discus what to do with
her?"

"Well I have to be at the bar from eight till eleven so as long as I can get
back before then. I'll have to see what times the trains are. Where are you. At
the police station?"

"No. On a barge but I'll pick you up at the railway station. You can call me on
my mobile when you know when you will arrive." Pete gave her the number.

"Trude, Punk, your mother's coming down by train. She doesn't sound very happy."

"She always acts that way when the police or store managers phones. She probably
guesses they will put me away this time and I'll be off her hands for a bit."

"Do you really want to be locked up?"

"No. Of course I don't. I'm not that much of a stupid cunt, but I guess the
bastards will do it one day. So it might as well be now as later." Trudy
shrugged.

"You don't sound as if you would mind being locked up. I know I would hate it.
Can't stand being inside buildings for long at a time. I want to be out in the
open. In the fresh air. To feel the wind on my face. I want to smell the sea and
feel the boat gently rocking under my feet. It must be really claustrophobic to
be locked in a cell for hours at a time, for days or weeks on end. Being forced
to do the same things at certain times each day. You would have to learn to take
orders there."

They sat discussing or sparring with words on each other's lifestyles over
another mug of tea. Pete was somewhat surprised by the intelligence of her
answers even if her attitude to people and their property was somewhat
belligerent. "Why do you make so much bloody fuss over boats? They're only lumps
of wood." she asked.

"To us they are like family members. Living things. To us they are like another
home. One which gives us a great deal of pleasure and for those of us who have
wooden boats, they are like having grand old ladies to look after and it grieves
us greatly when they are damaged or marred especially when the damage was caused
by an uncaring brat who shouldn't have been near anyway."

The phone rang.

"Afternoon Alison.... Yes, it was the Sally..... Yes she was damaged too....
Browns estimate �4,500 to repair the damage..... That seems a bit high....Yes
she is with me now. I'm waiting for her mother to arrive on the five o'clock
train but I don't think she has that sort of money.... No, I haven't called the
police yet. Thought I would wait until I saw the mother, then decide. What about
you?... Uh huh. ... Even if we prosecute I doubt we'll get any money out of
them. The mother's having difficulty in paying previous fines. You'll be down in
the morning? Well I'll see you then."

"That was the owner of Ayala. She wasn't very happy, mind you she is never very
happy. She wanted to know what I was going to do about you," Pete told Trudy.

"And what are you going to do?"

"As yet, I don't know. Perhaps I am too angry to make the right decision now.
For the moment though you can wash up these plates and mugs while I see what I
can sort out on Sally." Trudy watched half heartedly and Pete showed her how to
work the pump for the hot water system. As he climbed the companionway to let
her get on with it, she spat at him, "You may have me prisoner here but I am not
your servant. They don't make you wash up in a police station so I'm not doing
it here!" Pete turned and saw Trudy standing defiantly with her arms on her
hips. He descended the stairway again.

"We can do this the easy way or the hard way. I might even get to lose some of
my anger if you choose the hard way but its up to you....."

"Fuck off, shitbag. You can't make me do anything!" But there she was wrong.
Even though she half expected him to attack her, she was unprepared for the
speed with which he had her securely in a head lock and was dragging her down a
passageway. She screamed, kicked and punched, all to no avail. They entered a
cabin he used as a workshop. With one hand, Pete cleared a couple of items from
a workbench and dumped Trudy on it. The dressing gown had come open in the
struggle and Pete could see her small but firm tits. Trudy made no effort to
cover them but tried to land a punch to Pete's face. It didn't connect. Pete
removed the gown. Now she was naked before him. "It seems to me," he growled at
her, "Someone should have done this long ago." Pete brought his hard, calloused
hand smartly down on her arse.

Trudy flinched but only cried out, "You bloody fucking bastard," before
continuing to flail her arms and kick her feet in Pete's general direction.

"Okay, if that's the way you want it." Pete grabbed a short coil of rope hanging
from a hook in a deck beam. Quickly and with a sailor's efficiency he tied
Trudy's wrists and fastened them to a bench leg. "Now we'll see how tough the
little punk girl is."

Trudy kept up a stream of invective, calling him all the shitting fucking
bastards and every other name she could think of. It only served to anger Pete
further. He picked up a hickory sail batten, a slat of wood an eighth of inch
thick, two inches wide and about two feet long. The wood was tough and flexible.
"You damaged part of my Sally, so perhaps part of her can damage you." Using
considerable force, Pete brought the sail batten down hard on Trudy's arse
cheeks. THWACK!! Trudy yelled and then continued swearing at him. A bright red
stripe appeared across both of her bum cheeks.

Another THWACK! Another scream. Another stripe. Trudy still kicked and swore.
Six more and Trudy began to sob. Four more and she began to beg him to stop.
Another four and she began weeping hysterically. "Perhaps that will do for
starters but if I have any more nonsense from you there is plenty more where
that came from. While you are here you will do as you are told." She would find
it painful to sit for a while but apart from a lot of redness, the wide batten
hadn't done any real harm.

Pete untied the sobbing naked girl and carried her back through to the galley
pausing only to grab a blanket from one of the bunks. He didn't stop at the
galley but continued up on to the deck. Heedless of passing boats and staring
yachtsmen, he carried Trudy to the fo'c's'le again and lowered her down. Trudy
screamed and protested, promising she would do the dishes but her appeals went
unheeded. Before closing the hatch, Pete yelled down, "Two men used to sleep in
here when this was a working barge. Under all that rope, you will find a bunk.
Sorry the mattress got thrown out years ago but the boards are still there. I'll
leave the lights on until I have washed up and then turn them out. You have
about 10 minutes to sort yourself out." He threw the blanket down to Trudy, who
cried out, "No, please. I'll do the washing-up."

"Ten minutes!" Pete replied as he closed the hatch.

For the first time, Trudy noticed a pair of wire encased bulkhead lights that
shone a little light into the dark interior of the forecastle. They cast long
irregular shadows that seemed very foreboding in the peculiar shaped room. Trudy
looked for an escape route but found none. There was only the one way in and one
way out. She could see the piles of rope, the tins of paint. Somewhere
underneath there was supposed to be a bunk but she had only just begun to move
some of the stuff when the lights went out. "Sod you bastard," she shouted at
the hatch but he was eighty feet away at the after end of the barge and didn't
hear anything.

Fumbling around in the near darkness with just the small amount of light let in
by the deck lights, Trudy partially uncovered the bunk, She tried to sit but
found her arse was too sore so she wrapped the blanket around her and lay on her
side, curled up on the space she had clear. Tears filled her eyes. Lying there
listening to the sounds around her, the water running, intermittent sounds of
hammering and footsteps on the deck, occasional voices, Trudy reflected on the
day's events. It wasn't the day at the arcades she had expected. Instead of
pilfering money, playing slot machines and chatting up any boys she fancied, she
was trapped in a black hole and kept prisoner by a bear of a man. Time passed
slowly. Cold and fear began to get to her and again she felt the need to pee.
Suddenly she became aware of a bumping alongside and the sound of footsteps,
more than one she guessed, walking on the deck. The sounds receded and it all
went quiet again.

******

Pete rowed ashore a little before Margaret's train was due and met her in his
old Ford Escort. She was a tiny little thing and her face was care worn. He took
a liking to her at once and they were able to chat in the car on the short
journey to the marina. Once on Emma May he led her to the main cabin, made tea
and produced home-made cake before outlining Trudy's misdeeds.

"Where is she?" Margaret asked.

"She's in the forward compartment out of harms way. I'll let her out when we've
had a talk." Pete told of the problems and expense Trudy had caused that day.
Margaret explained the difficulties she had living with her over many years. She
kept apologising for her daughter's behaviour as though it was her fault but
Pete would have none of it. "Trudy for many years now has known what was right
and wrong. She deliberately chose wrong and there was no one strong enough to
correct her."

"But that's why it is my fault. I should have corrected her when she was young
but I didn't then believe in smacking and when her father left I thought it was
all because she missed him and would grow out of it. Then I was ill for some
months and after that she seemed to control me and not the other way round. What
are you going to do with her?"

"As yet I don't know. Much will depend on what Alison wants when she sees the
damage to her boat in the morning. I would certainly like to keep her here
overnight so she doesn't try and run away. I guess it would also give you a
break from her. After that, well, I don't think taking it to the police will
help much. For me, I would make her work off payment for the damage she caused
to my Sally but the damage to Ayala would mean long term work which I can't see
Alison agreeing to. Alison is rather snooty and upper class and will look down
her nose at a punk rocker. Would you agree to my keeping her for a few weeks?"

"I don't think I would have any say in the matter. Trudy would make up her own
mind whatever we say."

"I'm not so sure of that, Margaret. She will have little choice but to stay at
least until she can find a way to get off this boat."

"It certainly would give me a rest Peter, although you would regret the decision
I'm sure. Shall we see what she has to say?"

*****

Trudy was half dozing when the bulkhead lights came on. Moments later the hatch
was opened. "Wakey, wakey! Up you come," Pete called down. Trudy's dirt smudged
face appeared in the hatchway followed by a similarly dirt smudged body. She saw
her mother.

"You come to take me home, bitch?" Trudy spat the words with venom. Margaret
shook her head. "You had better you bloody fucker." Pete saw fear in Margaret's
eyes and stepped between them.

"You have no choice. You are staying."

"I bloody well ain't. Even if I have to swim to the shore." She turned to her
mother. "You're tak....." Her sentence was left unfinished as she felt herself
being lifted off the deck. Without any hesitation Pete carried her to the side
of the boat and threw her in. The cold water closed around her. She fought for
breath as she surfaced and started yelling and splashing. The tide had now
turned and was flowing in but it hadn't gained too much momentum. Pete walked to
the rear of the barge, jumped in the dinghy and waited until the tide brought
the spluttering girl to him. A small sailing boat passed close and its skipper
asked if they required help. Pete knew him and yelled, "No, its a survival
test."

As Trudy, now frozen, reached the dinghy he grabbed her hair and then under the
arms, he lifted her easily from the water into the small boat. From there he put
her hands on the barge's handrail and with a shove on her sore arse pushed her
on to the deck. Margaret stood aghast. She noticed the obviously red and well
beaten backside but didn't protest. Carrying Trudy to the cabin he gave her a
towel. "How far do you think you would swim in that water?" Despite not wishing
to show fear in front of her mother, Trudy started crying.

"Trudy," Pete spoke gently to her, "You either co-operate or you will end up
very sore. I have agreed with your mother that you stay here at least overnight
until Alison has her say. If Alison agrees, you will work for me until you have
paid off your debt. It will only take two or three weeks. That is surely better
than several months in prison. Your stay can be pleasant or painful depending on
your attitude. You will have to become used to taking orders and acting on them
without question. However as I said, it all depends on Alison. If she decides to
hand you over to the police, then that will happen. Personally I believe you
would be better working off your debt to her too. But �4,000 is a lot of debt to
cover."

"I won't do it!" Trudy's voice lacked the conviction it had earlier.

Pete found her some very oversize trousers and sweater to put on and said "We'll
have a bite to eat and then I will take Margaret back to Billericay in the car
so she can get to work on time. While I am away, Trudy you will be put back in
the fo'c's'le because as yet I cannot trust you anywhere else. I will leave the
lights on and find a sleeping bag for you to sit on."

"No, please. Not in there again."

"Sorry, Trudy, for now it is the only place I think you will be safe and it
won't be for long."

They ate, and when they were ready to leave, Trudy pleaded with her mother to
take her. Margaret wavered in her resolve but Pete didn't budge. "It doesn't
matter what your mother says now, you are staying."

She resisted all the way to the fo'c's'le but she was no match for Pete and she
knew it. When she was fastened in, Margaret broke down. "Will she be alright?
You won't hurt her will you?"

"Don't worry Margaret, she will be okay. Yes, I will hurt her if she doesn't
behave but there will be no permanent damage. We just have to hope that in the
end it does a little good. No guarantees though." Pete drove almost in silence.
Both he and Margaret were wrapped in their own thoughts. Nearing their
destination, Margaret plucked up the courage to ask what had been on her mind
for most of the journey.

"Will you have..... make love .... to Trudy?"

"Most probably. I can't see living alone with a near naked girl and not doing
it. She'll have a choice but I guess she will prefer my bunk to sleeping in the
fo'c's'le. I gather she is no virgin."

Margaret smiled, "Not by a long way. But you won't make her pregnant will you?
She has pills in her room."

At Margaret's home Pete packed a suitcase of the clothes he could find in
Trudy's room that were most suitable for life aboard a boat. Sweaters, long
trousers, slippers, hats and coats. He was surprised at the amount of new gear
but Margaret said most were undoubtedly stolen. She noticed he didn't take any
bra's, knickers or nightshirts but did take the pack of sanitary towels she
offered. "You'd better take these, I think she is due in a few days and I guess
you don't have such things on board."

It was well dark by the time he arrived back on the barge and released Trudy. A
road accident had delayed his return. He apologised as he took her to the cabin.
She sat sullenly opposite him as if daring him to order her to do anything.
Setting a mug of hot chocolate in front of her he said, "I guess you think this
has been a bad day for you. A fun day at the seaside that turned into a
nightmare. Well it needn't be that way. It could be the start of a new life if
only you let it." Trudy just shrugged her shoulders. She was in no mood for
lectures. She drank the chocolate in silence, her eyes half closed. The sea air,
her battles with the cold and her unpleasant experiences and now the warmth of
the cabin had made her very sleepy.

"I expect normally you go to bed at all hours of the night or early morning.
Here bedtime is at ten. Breakfast is 6.30 a.m." Trudy's eyes opened. She rarely
saw anything at that hour unless it was on her way home to bed. Then the thought
came to her. Would she be sleeping in that coal-hole of a prison room? Tears
came to her eyes just thinking about sleeping a whole night there.

"Where....?  Will I have to sleep in that room?" she asked querulously.

"Not unless you don't wish to share my bed!" Pete laughed and then moved
alongside her. Putting his arms around her and speaking quietly he said, "I know
so far we both have thought of each other as enemies but since talking to your
mother and the way things have been, I have a little more respect for you even
though I heartily disagree with what you have done. How about we call a truce
until Alison comes and see how we get on?"

Trudy was non committal. She didn't know what to think or do. Her mind was a
whirlwind of thoughts but nothing coherent. "Come, lets get a shower and wash
some of that muck off you. On the boat we have to conserve fresh water so making
one shower do two people makes good sense. I have already seen all of you. Now
you can see all of me. I know you aren't shy and have no doubt seen more naked
men than I have naked girls." Giving her a squeeze he led her to the bathroom
and started the electric shower pump.

Trudy quickly pulled off her baggy sweater and trousers and waited for the water
temperature to rise. As she did so she watched him undress, fold and place his
clothes on a stool. Knowing she was watching his cock became half-hard. It
caused her to give a little gasp when she saw it. The men and boys she was used
to, didn't have a weapon that size even in its semi erect state.

Pete soaped her back and then gently did her still very sore arse but she didn't
complain. Tired and weary, Trudy allowed him to do it. Nor did she complain when
he did between her legs and then worked up her belly and massaged her small
breasts. He was at least more gentle than some of her friends. Finishing, Pete
gave her the soap and turned so his back was to her. Knowing what was required
without being asked, she washed his back, arse and legs before turning him round
and starting on his chest. By now his cock was fully hard so she massaged it as
she soaped it and his balls. "Should I go all the way and make him cum?" she
thought that it might spare her being fucked but she was also aroused and
decided perhaps she would like it in her. Her thoughts were answered. Pete
turned the water off and handed her a towel and took one himself. They partly
dried themselves and partly each other before he carried her to his bunk.

The bunk, built into a cupboard like arrangement with sliding doors that could
be shut from the inside, was not a full double size one but bigger than a
single. Two small lights fixed to the deck beams only four feet above the head
illuminated the interior. Pete lifted Trudy in and climbed in behind her. There
wasn't much room but that only meant their bodies were close together. Trudy
felt his hardness against her belly and was again uncertain if she could take it
inside her especially with her arse so sore. Pete put his hand on her cunt and
felt moisture. "Are you ready?" he asked.

"Pete?" Trudy whispered, "I don't know if I can take it. I've been fucked many
times but never with a prick anything like this big. And my arse is sore. And my
...."

"No excuses, Trudy. You had the choice of sleeping here or in the fo'c's'le. You
knew what I would expect from you when you made the choice. I will try and go
easy to start with, but now I'm this hard, I'm not going to stop until I've cum
at least once. You have a debt to pay, remember?" Trudy could hear him breathing
hard. "Open your legs wide and put it in Trude, please. It may be easier if you
do it." Trudy's first thoughts were to do the opposite and close her legs but
she too was feeling horny and if she let him have his way she might get away
earlier. Opening her thighs she took hold of the rampant prick and placed it at
the entrance to her vagina. Pete pushed it in an inch. Trudy groaned. It didn't
really hurt but it seemed to stretch her well beyond anything she was used to.
He pushed in another inch. Now there was some pain but she wasn't going to admit
it. Another inch but now with her juices flowing and his cock emitting pre-cum,
the cock began to slide in easier. Soon it was fully in and the head hit her
cervix. Never had she been filled like this. Pete began stroking it in and out
slowly but gradually increased the speed until he was pounding away. Trudy cried
out as she came for the first time but still Pete carried on. It was some
minutes more before he came and by then Trudy had climaxed a second time. They
lay there bathed in each other's sweat.

Pete left his cock inside the girl for sometime until it became soft and more or
less slipped out of its own accord. He pulled Trudy up in the bed until her face
was level with his. "That was great Trudy. How was it for you?" he said as he
kissed her.

Trudy didn't want to admit to it being the best fuck ever for her so just said,
"Okay, I guess." Pete realised why she said it and gathered her tightly in his
arms. Together, like this they fell asleep.




Chapter 3. Damage assessment

Pete had no alarm clock but woke each morning at six. This morning was the same.
Light filtered through the deck light and the barge moved with a little more
motion than the night before. The wind was getting up. Sliding back the bed
panel with one hand he gently disengaged himself from Trudy, took a shit and
made tea. As usual he didn't bother to dress until he had a few swigs of tea
inside him. The noise from the spoon stirring the mugs woke Trudy and she looked
out. She heard the river running outside and immediately wanted to pee. She
plodded softly to the loo. Pete noted her arse still looked sore and colourful
but she didn't seem to complain when she sat down. He knew though, she was still
tender there as she sat down with a delicacy that wasn't natural for her.

Returning to the galley, Trudy noticed Pete's cock was once again standing to
attention. Peeing had made her notice she was very tender in that area and she
wondered if Pete was going to demand another fuck session but all he did was
kiss her forehead, offer her the tea and sit beside her. Their bare arms touched
and she felt a thrill of anticipation run through her. Putting down her tea she
turned to him and gently held his cock. Slowly she began massaging it and then,
on impulse, she bent down and sucked it into her mouth. Pete hadn't expected
that but the experience was most enjoyable. Steadily she sucked and masturbated
him. Pete rubbed Trudy's neck and shoulders while she continued her
ministrations. It only took minutes before Pete's body reacted and with long,
pulsing spurts, he came directly in her mouth. Trudy swallowed and continued to
lick the cock clean for some minutes.

"Sorry, Trude, I should have told you I was going to cum. It all happened to
quickly. But thanks. It was a great way to start the day." Pete apologised
several times. Trudy said it was no big deal. She had done it many times before.
"One time I even had to do it to a sixty year old store manager to keep him from
prosecuting me and it took ages before he came," she remarked her eyes going
blank as she remembered the incident of two years previously.

Finishing their tea, they listened to the weather forecast before getting washed
and dressed. Trudy now in more a little more suitable attire for life on a boat.
Together they cooked breakfast but Trudy became very quiet while eating it. She
couldn't get her mind round the fact she had voluntarily sucked him off. This
big man who was holding her a virtual prisoner for the next few weeks. This man
who was at least seven years older than her. This man who had beaten her
yesterday. This man who had left her in darkness in a black hole. The man she
had hated until bedtime last night. Was it his prick that changed her? That
might have been part of it but unconsciously she thought it might also be the
way he was in charge of her. They way he had not allowed her to dominate him.

"Okay, Trude, work time. Would you do the dishes and clear up in here a bit
while I see what I can do to repair Sally. It will be cooler outside today as
the wind is getting up but it should keep dry and that's the main thing. If you
can't find anything just let me know. I'll either be on deck or in the workshop
- and you know where that is!" Pete beamed a smile at her which was enough to
make her grin as well.

"When is Alison coming?" The grin disappeared from Trudy's face and a worried
look took its place.

"Dunno for sure. About midday I expect." Pete put his arms around her shoulders
and gave her a hug, "I'll do what I can for you but no promises. Alison is a
rich bitch and an executive who normally makes up her own mind."

*******

It was after lunch when a motor launch came alongside and Pete helped Alison on
board. Alison was an attractive woman about 35ish, stylishly dressed in a sailor
suit complete with peaked cap. Pete had previously asked Trudy to put the kettle
on and to be on her best behaviour. When Pete suggested tea, Alison immediately
asked for coffee and when Trudy brought the mugs she was asked for it in a cup.
Pete sensed Trudy was likely to tell her to take it or leave it and raised his
eyebrows enough for Trudy to hold her tongue and change the mug for a cup.

"So this is the brat who wrecked my boat." Alison said, "Perhaps you had better
introduce us Peter." Pete did so and Alison remarked that it looked most
unlikely she would ever be able to pay for the repairs. She went on to produce a
folder with Browns estimate of the damage which they made out was far more
extensive than Pete had thought. Ayala's bowsprit was cracked and needed
replacing and the strain on the decking this had caused had started some of the
fastenings which would need replacing before water seeped and rot established.
There were numerous other items including filling the scores in the planking and
repainting the hull which could only be done when the boat was hauled up the
slipway. The estimate was for �4,567 not including any other problems they might
find when work began.

Pete knew Browns had upped the price on everything because it was a possible
insurance job but as Alison pointed out if she had it done on insurance she
would lose the no-claims bonus which was a considerable amount. Trudy didn't
have any insurance to cover it and Pete's wouldn't because his boat had been
stolen. "I shouldn't have to lose money because some stupid little bitch who
should have known better, damaged my boat. Then there is the inconvenience of
not having the use of Ayala while the repairs are done. What you doing about the
payment for damage to your Sally?"

"I'm going to do the work myself and she is going to work off the debt I would
have paid to the boatyard."

"Work off the debt by sleeping in your bed?"

"That's a bonus." Pete smiled at the thought but Alison didn't find it funny.

"Look, Peter, it might be alright for you to have her work on a old barge but I
wouldn't dare have her set foot on a fine ship like Ayala. So what are we going
to do about it?"

"First of all," Pete answered, "I suggest we inspect the damage to see just how
much Browns have exaggerated the problems. You know and I know any boatyard
makes the most out of work that is likely to be an insurance job. I certainly
didn't see half of the things on this list when we freed the Sally." This was
agreed and Pete and Alison headed for the launch. Trudy hung back but Pete
ordered her, much to Alison's disgust, to come with them. "You had better see at
first hand what we are talking about, even if you don't understand what you see
for the moment."

Once again the tide was running hard but Alison, skilled at handling the launch,
easily and gently brought it alongside Ayala. Pete had to agree the bowsprit
needed replacing but cracks in the deck seams were trivial and really only
needed at most a little caulking. Alison was also experienced enough to agree
but as she pointed out the total bill with the re-painting would still be close
to the �4,000 mark.

Returning to the Emma May, Pete asked if Alison had made up her mind what to do
about Trudy. "Well I am not having her work on my boat so the only thing I can
do to get some satisfaction is to prosecute and have her put out of harm's way
for a long time and my firm employs good lawyers who I am sure will see that is
done."

Pete saw Trudy's face fall and tears well in her eyes. What a change from the
defiant girl of yesterday. "If you do that Alison, it will mean more expense and
more trouble for you. I won't get my service from her, it will cause her mother
even more grief and when she comes out Trudy will probably have an even bigger
chip on her shoulder against you, me and society in general. Is there no way she
can work off the debt over a long period of time? Not on the boat of course."

"You know I run an escort agency don't you? Are you hinting that I employ her?
No way! Its for high class escorts not punk trash. How do you think she would
get on going to a top restaurant, or the opera or a dinner function? She might
be alright to share the hotel bed afterwards but that's all.

Trudy burst forward, thumped her fists on the table and snapped, "Oh. I'm not
high enough class of whore for you am I? Who said I would want to work for a
bitch like you anyway! If you're rich enough to own a posh boat like that, you
can afford to pay for a few repairs."

"Listen here you little runt, you deliberately damaged my property and I am
going to see you pay for it." Alison snorted her reply.

"If I had deliberately set out to damage your precious little boat, it would be
under the water now, not just sitting there with a few facial scratches!"

"Ladies, please," Pete tried to calm the situation, "Bickering is not going to
help anyone." Trudy looked as if she was going to scratch Alison eyes out. "Go
on deck until you've calmed down Trude."

"What so you can work out a deal with this fucking bitch to get me out of the
way?"

"No, there will be no deal without you knowing about it but getting angry and
starting a fight will only add to the difficulty. Now go on deck or do I have to
put you in the fo'c's'le?"

"I'm bloody well staying. Oooops. Oow!" Pete picked her up by her legs and
carried her upside down screaming obscenities to the fo'c's'le and lowered her
head first down. He shut the hatch but put the lights on when he re-entered the
cabin.

"Sorry about that Alison. She's a bit fiery and obviously you two have no love
for each other. Your worlds are so totally different. Now let's see if we can
work anything out. As you can tell I have some liking for her but that doesn't
mean I will let her get away with anything. She's already had a sore arse and
she hates the fo'c's'le especially when its dark."

"Peter, I don't think there is anything more to discuss. She wrecked my boat.
She cannot pay. She should be punished. End of story. Can my lawyers contact her
through you for the time being?"

"Yes. She should be here for the next couple of weeks unless she does a runner.
I'll let you know if that happens."

As Alison left she remarked, "Keep her under control Peter, if you can, and if I
come up with anything else I'll let you know too." It was not so much what she
said but the way she said it that made Pete wonder if she already had a plan.

Trudy was still cussing and swearing when Pete opened the hatch. "Are you going
to calm down or do you want another session over the bench with the sail
batten?" He had to shout to make himself heard about the noise she was making.

"Bastard! What have you set me up for now?" Trudy came partway up the ladder and
put her head out of the hatch. It was just starting to rain. "Damn," Pete
thought, "I shan't be able to get any more done on Sally today.

"You coming out or shall I shut the hatch again and get back in the dry?"

"You goin' to wallop me?"

"Not if you calm down and behave yourself although I think I ought after the way
you acted." They returned to the cabin. "Trude, I thought we could have struck
some sort of a deal with Alison but you made her so angry she wouldn't listen
and is now threatening a civil action for damages if the police won't do
anything. I tried to reason with her but could do nothing for you. She
determined to get you. You must learn to control that temper of yours. Do you
know one of the rules I learned when wrestling? Don't get angry, get even.
Okay?"

"Okay, I guess but I don't think I can help it. She seemed such a stuck-up rich
bitch and was making me out to be the scum of the earth."

By now the rain had increased and was sounding on the cabin top like a jazz
drummer. They sat in the cabin talking about the situation for a while till
Trudy asked about the painting on the bulkhead. "That's the Emma May in the
1930's when she was still a sailing barge. She didn't have an engine then and
relied on the wind to get from one place to another. Mainly she carried grain
between London and Colchester. All this space where the cabins and things are,
was an open space, the cargo hold and the cabin top above us was lift-off
hatches so the grain could be got in and taken out. In the 50's she had a Kelvin
petrol paraffin engine put in and worked for a while until the late sixties when
the main mast and sails were taken off and she was converted into a barge-yacht.
My uncle bought it in the late eighties and spent a lot of money on her to make
her seaworthy. Unfortunately he died suddenly so didn't get to use her much. He
left her to me with an annuity for her upkeep and enough for me to live
comfortably but not extravagantly."

"You're rich too then?" Trudy asked.

"Not really. Not like Alison. If I died and the barge and all my assets were
sold off, they would raise a lot of money. But the barge is my home and most of
the money is in bonds or shares which provide me with an income, a sort of wage
that I don't have to work for if you like. I also do a bit of magazine writing
that brings in a little money."

"What's in the locked room down the passage?"

"That's my lab and research room. You can come and look but some of the stuff is
delicate so don't touch."

The sight that greeted Trudy amazed and intrigued her. There were microscopes
and computer equipment. Glass tanks with goodness know what in them but air was
bubbling through the water. "What on earth are you studying?"

"It won't mean anything to you, but my main project is the life cycle of a
parasite of the common shore crab."

"Yeah, that's what I thought," Trudy grinned. "I could have told you all about
that!" Pete hooked up a horizontal microscope to a video camera and put a small
amount of water in a trough on the stage. When the screen flickered into life
and the focus was adjusted, Trudy saw the weirdest creature jerkily making its
way through the water. In her wildest dreams she couldn't have invented a
creature like it. It had huge eyes and long spikes and feathery feet and looked
as if it was made of glass. Trudy was absolutely fascinated. She asked question
after question and the afternoon passed so quickly Pete had to pull her away and
set her to making dinner.

"You are supposed to be working you know," he said, "if you're not going to put
the hours in, it will take a long while to clear your debt. Are you any good at
cooking?" Fortunately Trudy had learned to do basic cooking although much of
what she did was from tins or packets. Pete on the other hand was a fresh meat
and vegetables man but between them they quickly rustled up a meal.

Later when sitting with mugs of tea in the main cabin, Trudy asked why he didn't
have a TV. "Not enough time. Most evenings I would be in the lab or on the
computer so a TV would be a waste except for viewing the stuff I get from the
sea."

"Why are you not in there now?"

"Because I have a guest and I feel like giving her a hug and a cuddle."

"Oh, I thought I was just the maid. Guest's don't do housework do they?" She was
laughing as he tickled her and it wasn't long before they ended up in the bunk
making love fast and furiously.

"Trude?" Pete asked somewhat hesitantly, "You obviously have had sex with a lot
of men. Do you enjoy it or are you just putting on a show?"

"Yeah, I've been fucked by many men and boys, in many places, in many ways and
in every hole. Most times it was just for show or status. Only a few times was
it for real enjoyment but I can honestly say, that I enjoyed it the last two
days with you. Most times though it was as part of a gang. Bikers or punks, it
didn't really matter. To be one of the gang, the girls had to fuck almost any
boy at anytime, usually several at the same session. I just got used to it. Been
doing it since I was thirteen."

"That young?"

"Well I knew about it before then and had sucked a few boys off. My girlfriend
at the time had an older sister who allowed us to watch while her boyfriend
screwed her. After watching one session the boyfriend gave me his cock to suck
and it went on from there. I was always a tomboy and trying to appear tough so I
tried to get in with a gang of punks. Couldn't afford the leathers they wore so
they helped me steal then. In return, the leader said I would have to let all of
them fuck me. I was taken to an old store place and laid down. They stripped me
completely and each took a turn. I had three of them for my first time. It hurt.
It hurt like hell but I had to appear tough so the pain was nothing. After that
I let them do it whenever they wanted. If I was bleeding, they often wanted me
to suck them instead although some just wanted a messy shag. Others shoved their
pricks up my arse. Again it hurt but I had to appear tough."

"Was there no one you actually loved or had a decent relationship with?"

"There was Robert. He was nice to me but he was a wimp. I liked him but he
couldn't stand up for himself against boys in the gang so he gave me up. I did
sleep with him a couple of times. Actually went to bed with him. Not just quick
fucks in some corner."

"If you weren't here, would you still be getting screwed in some corner?"

"I guess so."

"Don't you think yourself worth more than that?"

"Didn't try to think about it."

"Well you've a couple of weeks to think about it now," Pete averred, "I like you
and I do think you deserve better. It may not be with me but I think you should
look and take stock of yourself. To me, as an outsider to gang ways, it seems
you are outwardly trying to appear independent and self reliant, but in reality
your whole life is dictated by the others in the gang. End of sermon!"




Chapter 4. Courtroom punishment

Pete, with some help from Trudy finished the repairs to Sally on the Sunday and,
as the day had turned out fine and warm, had several coats of varnish on the new
wood. Monday they rowed ashore and bought fresh supplies of food. Deliberately
he gave Trudy a chance to escape and run but she stayed with him. An hour before
the 2 p.m. high-water time when the tide wasn't running hard, Pete started the
engines and cast Emma May from her moorings to begin the tricky task of
maneuvering her through the lines of moored boats to the quayside to fill both
the water and diesel tanks. Now, both tanks full, Pete headed his large barge
back through the moorings into the fairway and down river. Soon they were clear
of the town and with the ebb tide now under them, made fast progress to the
Crouch estuary and headed north eastwards around the Dengie flats until they
came to the mouth of the Blackwater where they anchored off Bradwell.

The weather was bright and fairly calm so Trudy had an enjoyable first sea
voyage even if they didn't lose sight of the coast or the seawalls at any time.
Pete made her try and row them ashore and showed her how to tie the dinghy up
properly. They walked to the village and then across the fields to the old
church of St. Peters where St. Columba was supposed to have set up his first
church. By the time they returned, Trudy was very tired. Certainly she wasn't
used to walking or rowing.

Early next morning as the tide was flooding, Pete let out a plankton net in tide
flow. Trudy laughed as she thought he was trying to fish, which in a way he was,
but his catch was microscopic or nearly so. After breakfast, they lowered Sally
into the water and wearing life jackets, he began to teach Trudy the elements of
sailing. In the light breeze, Sally seemed to skim the water. It was a fun time
for both of them and Trudy began to get a little idea of the skills involved in
handling a small boat. The following day, they headed back to Burnham. The
changeable weather had become overcast and drizzly with more wind making the sea
choppy. Trudy tried her hand at steering the barge and found it very different
to Sally but enjoyed the sense of power she had in controlling such a large
vessel. She liked the way she could spin the spokes of the brass ringed wooden
wheel and watch as the barge slowly changed course. They were just working their
way up through the tiers of moorings at Burnham when the mobile phone rang. It
was Alison.

"Afternoon Alison. Would you mind if I call you back, were under way and I need
to get the mooring in a short while."

"Put the punk slut on then."

"Now Alison, that's no way to talk about my girlfriend. But I can't do that
either. She's up in the bow guiding me through the boats or at least I am
pretending I'm taking notice of her signals. Look I will call you back shortly.
Sorry."

Trudy was in fact standing next to him in the wheelhouse. "I'm supposed to be up
the front there am I? Signalling? And you're pretending to take notice?" She
burst out laughing. "Did she say what she wanted? And why didn't you let me talk
to her?"

"For a start I objected to her calling you a punk slut and secondly I do need to
watch what I am doing in this channel and thirdly I will need you in the bow to
guide me when we get to the mooring. I can do it on my own but two makes it much
easier. I will take notice of your signals too!"

When they were moored and had a mug of tea in their hands, Pete cautioned Trudy
to remember 'don't get angry, get even'. He fixed up the speaker connection to
the phone and dialed Alison's number. Alison answered almost immediately. "Is
your girlfriend there?" The word girlfriend was said with extreme sarcasm.

"Yes she is and she can hear you."

"Look, Peter, there is a possible way out of the situation for all of us. There
is someone who has used our escort service in the past. Normally I don't have
anything to do with him because what he requires is definitely a sex service but
it is also a special service. One of my girls went on one occasion and came back
with her bottom well striped. Apparently they had set up a act in an old house
where she was a maid in about 1700 that had broken a valuable vase so the master
had to punish her. She said she was very well paid but she couldn't sit down for
a week or so and couldn't take out my clients for longer than that. Even with
the loss of earnings from me she reckoned she was still in pocket but wouldn't
want to go through with it again. Today he happened to phone wanting someone for
a schoolgirl scene. I thought the bitch might do it to pay off part of her debt.
She should be used to getting punished if she is as tough as she makes out."

"I don't know, Alison. What safeguards are there? When? Where? How much? What if
she refuses?"

Trudy snatched the phone from Pete's hand. Pete expected her to yell into it but
instead she quietly said, "I can take a schoolgirl caning if that is going to be
the end of it. No part payment crap. Once and once only. No more being
threatened with lawyers and law suits."

Alison seemed taken aback for a moment. "What I would get out of it would be far
less than the cost of the repairs so it can only be a part payment."

"Crap. You know, I know, Pete knows, that estimate was far too high. If you are
any good as a negotiator then you should be able to get it reduced by half
especially if you try one of the other firms that are along the quayside. If I
do it, then it is a once only thing. That way you should get something even if
you don't haggle over the bill. If I refuse, you just get extra legal bills that
I will never be able to pay. You may get the satisfaction of knowing that I am
sitting in jail doing nothing but is that satisfaction worth it? Will you not
get more out of knowing I was given a caning? And you are getting paid for it?"

Pete took the phone again. "Alison, I think Trudy and I ought to discus this
between ourselves. I have severe reservations especially as we are not being
told exactly what punishment is going to be inflicted or what, if any,
safeguards there are. Can you get back to your client and find out? I will talk
with Trudy and see if she is really up to it."

Pete and Trudy had a heated argument over it. Pete was certain there was no
go-between man it. Alison was behind it all. She had the contacts with her
escort service. Trudy just shrugged, what did it matter as long as she was free
of the stranglehold. He praised Trudy for the way she handled Alison though.

An hour later Alison rang again. "Sorry Peter, I can't get any real guarantees
but the people who go to these do's are apparently in positions of prominence
and any scandal could ruin them so they have to take precautions and that
includes the safety of the girl. It would be arranged for next Saturday but they
will not tell me where or any other details. Is she willing to go with it?"

"I've said no, but she says yes so you can see how much notice she takes of me
but I'll hand the phone over to her." Trudy asked Alison to confirm is was a
once only payment and when she did, gave her consent.

"When I have further details, I pass them on to you but I gather they pick the
girls up by car and return them afterwards. Depending on where the location is,
collection would be sometime Saturday evening with the return sometime in the
early hours the following morning. I won't be told until Saturday afternoon."

An apprehensive semi-depression fell over the pair for the next few days. Trudy
wondered just how bad her punishment would be. Pete expected the worst although
he did his best not to alarm Trudy. Don invited them to his home for a meal
which lightened the atmosphere for a short time. Otherwise the days passed
fairly quietly. They took Sally out for a sail one morning and noted Ayala was
on the slipway. They would dearly have loved to have known what the actual price
of the repairs would be as Pete was beginning to believe the whole invoice thing
as a fake. Trudy's interest in the tiny sea creatures grew and they started
another aquarium for her with some of the more colourful local anemones and
shrimps.

Saturday morning they stayed by the phone. There was no response from Alison
works phone number nor her mobile. It was not until mid afternoon the call came.
Trudy answered it. "A car will pick you up at the marina at 7 p.m. tonight. You
will get a call a few minutes before the car will arrive. Wear the same stuff as
you wore when you came to Burnham. Shirt, cut-off shorts and boots. Do your hair
up in the green and red spikes too. Expect to arrive back about 3 or 4 a.m.
Peter, you will get a call when she is brought back to the marina. Wait on your
boat until that call comes through. Sorry I am told not to give any more details
than that."

Pete took her ashore when the call came and found a limo type car with dark
windows waiting. The driver was in full uniform and wore dark glasses. He didn't
get out of the car but just waited until Trudy got herself in. Pete kissed her
and wished her well.

Sitting back in the luxurious car in the warmth, Trudy, despite her fears at
what might happen to her, began to doze. She knew from what little she could see
outside, they were headed for London and had gone part way around the M25 but
she had no idea where. After travelling for two hours, the car pulled off the
motorway and stopped. The chauffeur opened the rear door. "Sorry miss but my
orders are to put these on you." He held a pair of handcuffs and what looked
like a strip of cloth. "You are not to see where I am taking you. I should have
put them on earlier but you seemed to be sleeping." Trudy allowed the man to
fasten her hands behind her back and to cover her eyes.

"How much further?" she asked.

"About an hour if the traffic isn't too bad."

It was just an hour later when the car pulled up. Trudy heard a door open and
the car drove on for a short way. Her door opened and the chauffeur helped her
out and guided her for a short way.

"Any problems with her?" She heard a man's voice.

"No Sir. Quiet as a lamb."

"Okay, Wait in the car and be ready in a couple of hours to take her back."

Trudy was led, still blindfolded, along passageways and up and down several
flights of stairs. Eventually they halted and she heard the voice ask if
everyone was ready. After murmurs of assent the blindfold was removed. She found
herself in a courtroom. A real courtroom she could tell, she'd seen them enough
times. There was the coat of arms above the judge's chair, she was in the dock
looking over to where the briefs in their funny wigs and officials sat. The only
thing that made it unreal was everyone in the room wore a grotesque latex mask.

"Court will rise!"

All stood and waited for the 'judge' to take his seat before seating themselves
again.

"Trudy Ahern you are charged that on Friday April 14th in the year of our Lord
2001 you did steal a craft from the marina at Burnham on Crouch and then did
willfully and deliberately cause considerable damage to a boat belonging to a
Miss Alison Frouget. How do you plead?"

Although she knew it was irrelevant to save time and to get it over with Trudy
pleaded, "Guilty."

"Trudy Ahern, you have pleaded guilty to this very serious charge. Have you
anything to say in your defence before I pass sentence?"

"I didn't mean to do any harm. M'lord. It just happened."

"But you did steal the boat and in fact damaged it in addition to Miss
Frouget's?"

"Yes M'lord."

"Trudy Ahern, you have pleaded guilty to a serious crime. You have a record of
criminal activity going back many years, I therefore have no hesitation of
sentencing to two dozen strokes of the birch. Sentence to be carried out
immediately in this courtroom."

Although it couldn't be seen on their faces, gasps of horror at the severity of
the punishment came from several members in the courtroom. Never had a girl been
given more than eight with the cane at these meetings. They knew the judge was a
friend of Alison's and they knew he liked to see girls given a good sadistic
thrashing but they didn't expect it to be this severe. They knew too, something
of the reality behind the accusations and Alison's anger. Normally the girls she
supplied were volunteers who just got paid to take the cane. This one was
blackmailed.

Trudy was stunned. The birch was only something she had heard about but she knew
it was like a bundle of canes. It was going to be much more than she had
expected. It was not the schoolgirl caning Alison had mentioned. She started to
protest but was immediately silenced.

An official lead her from the dock to the body of the room where a space had
been cleared. Four others were bringing in a curved stand which she later
learned was an old birching bench that had been in the storage vaults since
Victorian times. She also noticed the tall pot with two bound bundles protruding
from the top. Only sheer will power and the knowledge she was expected to be a
toughie, stopped her fainting. It was all very archaic.

"Strip the girl and fasten her to the birching horse please, Mr. Bailiff."

Hands quickly removed Trudy's shorts and thrust her to the semi-upright
structure where her ankles were fastened to two straps at the base. After
releasing the handcuffs, they removed her shirt and then fastened her wrists to
straps near the top of the structure. Apart from the boots, she was now naked
before the court, her buttocks and back displayed prominently ready for the
birch.

"Get the doctor to check her to see if she is fit enough to take the punishment,
Mr. Bailiff."

A man wearing a white coat with a stethoscope around his neck stepped forward.
With bare hands he felt Trudy's flesh. "Flesh with just a little fat," he called
out. His hands went round Trudy's body and squeezed her tits. "Tits firm."
Pinching the nipples for a few moments he declared, "Nipples hard."

Trudy shouted back at him, "You're no doctor, you're just another pervert!"

"Silence her, if you please Mr. Bailiff." A strip of cloth was tied around
Trudy's mouth effectively reducing her outbursts although she could still emit
guttural sounds.

"Continue with the examination Doctor."

The make-believe doctor applied the stethoscope to her back and declared the
heart to be beating quite fast which was normal in these cases. Then, much to
the amusement of the onlookers, he applied it to her bum cheeks. "Bowels empty
of gas. Buttocks full and ready for treatment." He slid his hand between her
legs and even though Trudy was not aroused, the doctor declared she was very wet
and therefore eagerly waiting for her punishment. He nipped her clitoris
painfully between his thumb and forefinger and declared that it being hard
confirmed her readiness to receive satisfaction by the birch. Without further
ado he declared, "This young lady is fit and well enough to receive her allotted
punishment."

"Let us get on with it then," voiced the judge, "Bailiff pass me the birch." It
was a vicious looking instrument. The rods were long and thin, five or six being
bundled together. The judge showed it to the helpless girl and then whispered in
her ear, "Your trial may have been a fake but your punishment won't be. Bitches
like you need a good thrashing." He swished the birch through the air, shaking
brine from it and then brought it down hard on Trudy's back. She screamed, or
tried to, but the sounds were muffled by the gag. A series of vivid lines
appeared with spots of blood at the ends. He waited for some seconds for the
terrible pain to sink in and for the gasps from some of the onlookers to
quieten. Trudy had been in fights and had beatings before but never anything
like this.

"This is the type of birching that would have been common for criminals to
receive in the 18th century," the Judge announced, "Unfortunately, it has been
banned as a punishment we can give today with the result we have much more
delinquency. Ladies and Gentlemen of this privileged group, you are about to see
just how effective the old system was." With that he brought the birch down for
the second time. Then a third and a fourth. Each one lower but overlapping the
previous stroke. Trudy, unable to scream or plead, just writhed and struggled
with her bonds. All to no avail. She couldn't see how she could possibly take
two dozen of these terrible bites.

After ten she very nearly fainted. Her shoulders and back were one big blister
of criss-crossed lines with trickles of blood seeping out. The Judge turned his
attention to the lower part of her body and placed the next cut on the back of
her thighs just above the knee join. With each stroke he worked higher. After
thirteen, Trudy's bladder relieved itself of its contents. The urine ran down
her legs making the cuts smart even more. She passed out after the fifteenth and
was revived by having water poured over her head and smelling salts held under
her nose.

A few of the audience were beginning to voice that the punishment was sufficient
but the Judge rebuked them. "We shall never again be able to see what a real
medieval punishment was like. For once we have a girl that deserves punishing
and cannot complain about it afterwards. We must and will continue."

Still groggy, her mind drifting into half consciousness, Trudy took the next
four directly on her buttocks. The next laid directly on top of a previous one
split the skin in two places. Trudy passed out and it took several minutes
before they were able to bring her round. Again ignoring requests to stop, the
Judge now really hyped up, laid the last four on with just the same vigour as
the earlier ones. Several more splits opened and Trudy's arse and legs were now
freely running with blood. He might have continued had not two of the other men
not restrained him.

The 'doctor' then came forward with towels soaked in antiseptic and washed some
of the blood from Trudy's body. The bleeding didn't stop. He took fresh towels
and laid them over her wounds and left them for some minutes as crude bandages
but when he tried to remove them, the bleeding started again and he had to put
them back. Trudy, wracked with pain no longer moved. She knew she would die. She
could only hope death would come.

"Usually after these punishment meetings," the Judge addressed his audience
again, "We allow all who want feel the stripes and to give the girl a good
fucking but the state this bitch is in, we may have to limit the fucking to one
or two and I suggest all of you try and keep your fingers out of the blood. I
wish to be one who, in the term used in past times, rogers her to make sure my
friend the victim of her crime gets her money's worth, any volunteers for the
other?" He was surprised when no one volunteered.

Opening his trousers, the Judge produced a hardened prick and, after moving the
towels to one side just sufficiently to enter her vagina, proceeded to fuck
Trudy with great gusto. It hardly registered with Trudy. Nor did it really
register when they released her. Vaguely she realised she was being wrapped in
sheets by two women who spoke quite kindly to her. Her gag was taken off but she
had lost the ability to scream. Neither was of the right build to be Alison.
They took her to a washroom, cleaned her face and gave her water to drink. Trudy
could hardly stand but she couldn't sit either. The women, aided by two men half
carried her for the walk back down the passageway. Halfway they remembered she
wasn't supposed to see where she was and blindfolded her again before taking her
to the waiting limousine.

As they were about to help Trudy in the car, the horrified chauffeur stopped
them. "My God, they really hurt this one. Wait until I get some blankets from
the boot so the blood doesn't get on the seats." They lay Trudy face down across
the back seat without making any attempt to buckle her in and the driver headed
back to Burnham. He stopped the car once they were outside the city and removed
her blindfold. "I'll never do this again," he said to the only half awake girl,
"Not even if they do prosecute me. The other girls had sore arses but they
weren't bleeding or anything. Can I get you anything?" Trudy didn't answer.




Chapter 5. Back to Emily May

PC Blackwell patrolled the dinghy park on the landward side of the marina at
Burnham. For several days now, several of the better and more expensive racing
dinghies had been vandalised. With an important race meeting only days away, it
appeared that some of the better boats were being nobbled. It always happened in
the early hours of the morning so he had been detailed to keep watch. Last night
nothing happened, tonight looked like being the same. He looked at his watch.
3.35 a.m. "Might as well get on my bike and head home," he muttered to himself.
"Better wait till four, I suppose." Hardly had he sat down again in his little
sheltered hiding place than he heard a car. He saw a vehicle coming along the
track-way. As it came abreast he noted its license number and radioed it in for
a check and asked for backup to be ready in case it was needed. Keeping in the
shadows, he crept towards where the car had now stopped. He saw the driver get
out but was expecting him to have an axe or something similar with which to
smash up a boat. He would witness it but keep himself safely out of the way. The
patrol car would pick the miscreant up as he left the town. To his surprise the
driver pulled what looked like a body from the car and he heard him speaking to
her but only getting moans in reply. Leaving the 'body' by the path, the driver
reversed and then drove off. He didn't see the policeman.

******

Pete hadn't slept. He kept wondering what he should have done to prevent her
going. He knew Alison had a mean streak in her and knew also she had set up this
caning. Trudy was strong headed and tough so he thought she could take it but
what if it was more than the usual six of the best? Supposing they gave her a
dozen? She wouldn't be able to sit for a week. 2 a.m. still no phone call. 3
a.m. no call. What has happened to her? 3.35 a.m. "I'm dropping her off in a few
minutes." That was all the message said. The driver had immediately shut the
phone off. Pete didn't have time to ask how she was. Immediately he rowed ashore
and ran along the boardwalk. At the top of the ramp he could see two figures on
the ground, one in uniform with a torch. Trudy opened her eyes when he spoke.
"Trudy what did they do to you dear?" She never answered. He bent to pick her up
and she screamed and then passed out. The blanket fell open to reveal the blood
soaked sheets.

"I'll get an ambulance." PC Blackwell radioed to his control room for the
ambulance and asked that the driver of the limo be detained for questioning
about a serious assault. The constable knew Pete slightly and questioned him
about Trudy until the ambulance arrived. Pete insisted he go with her to the
nearest hospital at Chelmsford some twenty miles away. Only there did he see the
full extent of her injuries. A young policewoman came and took a statement from
Pete, photographs were taken of Trudy's back and buttocks but they kept her
sedated so no one could question her. She seemed to know though, when Pete was
holding her hand and talking to her. The police informed Margaret and brought
her to the hospital. Part of her blamed Pete for what happened, although she
also realised he had tried to help her.

Behind the scenes, the police were active. The chauffeur was questioned at
length. He worked for a car hire company who revealed that the car was hired by
Alison Frouget's escort service. Under further intense questioning the driver
told where the court was and the police sent a forensic team in. The courtroom
floor had been cleaned but they still found tiny scraps of blood and they did
find the birching horse which also had blood, urine and semen traces.

By midday, Pete was so exhausted with the worry and lack of sleep, the nurses
found him a cot and he lay alongside Trudy. That evening off duty PC Blackwell
came to see how she was getting on and suggested Pete went back to Burnham with
him and get a good night's sleep. He couldn't do anything at the hospital as the
doctor's were keeping Trudy well sedated and on a morphine and fed by an
intravenous drip.

Pete slept fitfully on the barge and was up early. He phoned the hospital and
found Trudy was beginning to waken. He phoned Margaret who wasn't yet up, and
told her the news and asked if she wanted to go with him to the hospital. She
did. On the way they were able to get together again as friends and she knew
Pete would do his utmost to see Alison and her friends got their just deserts
even if they did have influence in high places.

By now the press had got hold of the story and the hospital was more or less
cordoned off, Margaret and Pete were allowed through and spent the day at the
bedside. Trudy could now recognise them although she found it difficult to talk.
Dressings covered most of the back area of her body so most of the whipping
stripes were covered. They weren't allowed to be present when the dressings were
changed. Late that evening, Pete took Margaret home. She cancelled work. They
sat discussing what to do over a makeshift meal but in reality they knew they
couldn't do anything. It was all in the hands of others. He spent the night in
Trudy's bed.

******

Alison sat in a police cell and cursed the vandals that damaged the boats in the
park. Had the policeman not been there, the driver would have returned and there
would have been nothing to link her with the event. Alison cursed Judge
Masterton for getting carried away. She knew he was a real sadist and had to be
restrained before but this time she had unwisely given him the go-ahead to do
what he liked. By now the police would have gone through the files of her escort
agency. Hopefully they hadn't yet gone through her flat and found the video
tape. The judge had sent it to her by courier immediately afterwards and it was
still in the machine. She had played it through twice and had been delighted by
the pain the bitch had received but even in her wildest dreams she had not
believed the Judge could be so brutal.

They came and took her to the interview room. Her lawyer was already there. For
some time she feigned ignorance but as the police produced more and more
evidence, her involvement became clear as did her position as head of a high
class prostitute organisation. Gradually the net was spread wider and her
working girls were questioned. Some worked just for the money, others because
they were blackmailed into it. Alison's London flat was searched and the video
found. It was all the evidence the police needed to round up most of the others.
It was better and more concrete evidence than Trudy's somewhat incoherent memory
of what happened.

Trudy was released from hospital a week later. She could walk with difficulty
and needed strong analgesic pills to control the pain. Sitting even on soft
cushions still gave her considerable pain although she tried not to show it.
Margaret and Pete gave her the choice of going home to Billericay or to the Emma
May. To Margaret's obvious disappointment she quickly chose the barge. Pete
immediately asked Margaret to stay on the barge too until Trudy had more fully
recovered but she was worried about work and her ability to keep up the payments
for Trudy's previous offenses. "Don't worry about that," Pete said, "I'll loan
you the money and add it to what Trudy owes me already and she can pay it back
by working for me. That way she will have to stay here longer."

"Beast! Sodding slavedriver!" was Trudy's answer but her smile indicated she was
far from displeased with the idea.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





