BDSM Library - Patty's Cake




Patty's Cake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Patty needs eggs for her cake.
Patty's Cake

	The refrigerator door slammed accompanied by the tinkle of something
within that must have fallen from one of the shelves in the door.

	"Damn, I need two more eggs."  It was Patty in the early morning throes
of throwing together the ingredients for her husbands birthday cake, and the
pounding headache she had awoken too wasn't helping her attitude.  "Ralph, ya
gotta run to the store," she blurted as her daughter Amanda rounded the corner
in her blue cotton nightie with Bugs Bunny characters sprinkled across the faded
fabric.

	"What's for breakfast, Mom;" she blurted in the presumptuous 6-year old
manner she had just recently acquired.

	"How's about some cereal - here," she reached up into the cabinet and
grabbed a box of sugar coated somethings and tossed it over her shoulder to her
daughters outstretched arms.  It was another rehearsal of the same play that
went on every morning with only the hours changing depending upon the day of the
week.  "Get your brother to join you, sweetie."

	"He's doin' it again Mom, and I don't wanna bug him."

	"You mean he's playing with his wiener?"

	"Yup, and I think he's got a pair of your underwear . . ."

	"What. . . why that lil' pervert;" retorted Patty sternly as she stormed
out of the kitchen unaware of Amanda's mischievous smile.

	Patty silently crept down the long hallway on her toes and arrived at
the cracked open door of Brain's room with nary a sound.  As her eyes focused,
she beheld her son in the final throes of orgasmic fury as long sinewy threads
of his youthful seed began erupting high into the air accompanied by his
asthmatic gasps for air.  His hips bucked violently with each new eruption while
his Mother's bloodied panties covered most of his face.  Torn between anger and
amazement, she backed away from the erotic scene without a word and decided to
inventory her underwear drawer at the first opportunity.

	Walking back towards the kitchen, she paused at her bedroom door to
check on Ralph; she would need those eggs soon or her efforts would be for
naught.  As she quietly opened the door, she found him naked and spread-eagle on
his back; snoring noisily as the mound of his stomach rose and fell in response. 
She had given him the blow-job he always desired last night as one of his
birthday gifts and the very thought of swallowing his pungent seed made her
nauseous.  He was a good provider, and they had two young ones to show for their
efforts, amidst the myriad of memories that were the glue that kept them
together.  Even so, as Patty lowered her gaze along his misshapen form, it was
difficult to recall the handsome young stud that had stole her heart and whisked
her away into wedded bliss.

	Recently their world had begun to unravel; Ralph's long hours at the
shop and Patty's affinity for romanticism weren't blending well and although
compromises were needed, neither seemed to find the proper combinations for
renewal and growth.  Last nights efforts had been a last ditch attempt at
reawakening their passion but had only heightened her frustrations and had been
only achieved after consuming copious amount of alcohol.  As her eyes played
over his battle weary torso, they locked onto the wilted and wrinkled organ that
had once triggered multiple orgasms with the mere sight of it's glorious
awakening.  But now, as she studied the shriveled sack that barely cradled his
lifeless gonads, she sighed and wondered if an affair could restore her esteem. 

	"Mom, something on the stove stinks," it was her darling Amanda bringing
her back to reality as she always did.  Patty turned for the kitchen but not
before hearing his sphincter rattle in the wake of another one of the stinky
farts Ralph was so famous for.  In disgust she turned towards the kitchen.  The
telephone rang but she ignored it and encouraged Amanda to finish her cereal and
change her clothes for the day.  As Patty turned to the cake bowl, something
inside of her snapped and  she was abruptly filled with contempt for the males
of her species; the lazy, uncaring slobs who held the power of marital bliss in
their hands, but shunned it for Sunday afternoon football.

	With nary a second thought she opened the second kitchen drawer and
withdrew the carving knife, then reached into the adjacent cabinets for a small
clear bowl and the duct tape Ralph always hid there so that Brian wouldn't steal
it.  With a face marked with vivid determination, she strolled into Brian's
room, and pulled the blankets from his naked body that still trembled with
orgasmic mirth.  Firmly grasping his hairless ball sack, she pulled it away from
his softened manhood and with one swift motion, separated her son from any
future heirs.  Brian 's face changed from shock to agony within a microsecond as
he realized the gravity of what his Mother had done, and he immediately curled
into a little ball as a long howl escaped his lips.  Patty flipped him onto his
back and pulled down his legs with one swift motion, stuffing a pillow into his
groin to stop the bleeding and slapping his face to silence his wails.  She
threw the covers over his trembling form and thundered into the master bedroom
followed eagerly by Amanda who had no concept whatsoever of the destruction her
mother had wrought. 

	Once next to the bed, she flipped the plum colored gristle of Ralph's
pride to one side and with a quick motion, severed the two dangling gonads
before her husband could react.  Dropping the remains of his scrotum into the
dish with her sons contribution; she grabbed his pillow and shoved it
unmercifully into his groin, as he began to wail in agony.  Amanda stared at her
Father as her curled into a ball and screamed into the covers with amazement
wondering why his face was so red.  She then turned to catch up with her Mom who
was now in the kitchen, cleaning the separated gonads in the sink; trimming the
excess cords and suspending tissues away neatly with a pairing knife while
humming to herself as she usually did in her world. 
	
	"Watcha goin' do with them things," Amanda asked as she gazed at the
four white testes that glistened on the wooden cutting board.

	"Well, honey, since your Daddy was to lazy to get out of bed and get
some eggs for his birthday cake, I thought I'd use his; but since they're not
really very big, I thought your Brother might like to help out also!  I'm going
to crush them all up and mix them with the flour and the other things I have
here, and we should get a very special cake from them - don't you agree?"

	"I guess so," Amanda stuttered, "Will they grow new ones?"

	"They just might, sweetheart.  Now why don't you hand me the phone."

	Later that afternoon when the cake came out of the oven,  some of her
neighborhood friends over for a piece and a cup of wine.  Most thought it was a
pound cake but Patty assured them that they were no where near that heavy. 
Amanda had a piece too, but didn't think it was anything special so she went up
to Brians room to play.  Although he moaned a lot, he didn't stop her from
playing Nintendo like he usually did.  Somehow she got the feeling that things
would be different around the house from now on.  She was right.    	




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dave


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





