BDSM Library - An Evening In




An Evening In
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Personal account of first meeting with my Master, at first reluctant but soon changed my mind. Mostly true.
AN EVENING IN

I wouldn't be here at all if I didn't need the money.  I didn't know what to
expect, but was hoping it would be like the agency said, I could just keep my
eyes tightly shut and maybe it would all be over and done with pretty quickly.
Then I could walk away with $100 in my hand.  These thoughts were going through
my head as I rode the lift up to the 5th floor, Room 301.  I waited a couple of
moments before knocking, hoping a smelly old cigar smoker wouldn't answer the
door.  One didn't and I was thankful for that.  He had obviously just had a
shower as he had a towel wrapped around his lower half and didn't look at all
bad actually, much taller than me, muscular, dark hair close cropped, beard,
flaming eyes and the most wonderful naked chest I have ever seen in my life. 
Secretly I wondered how it would feel to press my face open-mouthed into that
mass of dark hair, licking moving further and further down towards a promise of
......... but no, stop!  I was here for the money only.  He was a means to an
end.

He introduced himself by the name Wolf and I wondered why but assumed it was
something to do with anonymity.   As I passed by him and walked into his room I
felt his burning grey eyes examining my body from top to bottom, assessing me,
and again wondered why, if I was only here for a quick jump.  I wanted to get it
over with but again found myself wondering how those strong muscular arms would
feel pushing me down into the pillows, giving no quarter, forcing himself onto
and into me, taking what he wanted without asking. 

Amazingly, he was offering me double what I expected if I would consent to a few
other little fetishes he had a particular partiality for.  I felt a little
anxious but asked what they were.  He said he just wanted to tie me up and use a
vibrator on me.  I was OK with this as long as he didn't gag me too, but jibbed
when he offered me even more if I was willing to consent to anal sex.  I had
never had anal sex in my life and never wanted it.  The very idea of it appalled
me.  I still hoped I could be away in about half an hour, an hour at the very
most, with $200 plus in my hand.  He really was very good looking ...... but I
still wanted out of here.

He took my coat and bag and put them away and I stood in front of him in my
professional gear - sexy black teddy, stockings and high heels - while he
stalked around the back of me, examining me, whispering into my ear, telling me
what he really wanted, what he thought of me.  I felt my heartbeat quickening as
he told me how he wanted to tie me up and insert his whole hand, finger by
finger inside me and God forbid I started to get wet at the thought of it.   One
voice in my head was saying no, get away from him, take your coat and bag and
get out before it's too late, but another was telling me to wait, see how it
goes, you might even enjoy it.  Against my better judgement I obeyed the second
voice.  I let him slip my straps from my shoulders and I felt his lips touching
my skin, beard nuzzling my neck.  Unbelievably, I felt my heartbeat racing and I
closed my eyes as my cunt started to twitch and exude its hot juices.  His hands
roamed freely over my body but I heard his breath quicken as they stopped
suddenly at my firm, naked breasts, my nipples standing erect and upright,
loving the attention he was giving them.  His grasp was firm and unyielding and
I knew I really shouldn't be getting off on this, he was a client, a stranger. 
Get it over with. 

I tried to move away from his grip to take off my clothes and get onto the bed,
but he wasn't having any of it.  He hit me quickly across the face, quite hard,
enough to take my breath away, and forced me down in front of him, onto my
knees.  He started to uncover himself and I watched aghast as I realised that he
wanted me to suck him off.  The agency told me I might expect this, but I was
supposed to charge extra for it.  They actually had only two girls on their
books who were willing to do the full blow job - but again here I amazed myself
by pulling his hard cock towards my lips, devouring it hungrily.  I felt light
headed, my pulse was racing, I couldn't understand it.  He tasted wonderful,
100% male and as I looked up into his eyes I could see he was pleased and so was
I.

I felt the whole length of his shaft inside my mouth and pushed as far as I
could until his throbbing member touched the back of my throat, pulling him back
out and then in again, scratching his testicles gently with my long nails,
hearing him groaning, seeing his head thrown back, his eyes closed as I took his
cock to the very edge of my lips, nipping his helmet with my teeth, driving him
crazy - or so I thought.............

I was on the point of thinking, this is going to stop soon, he's going to cum,
when he suddenly grabbed me by the hair, pulling my head right back, telling me
OH NO BITCH, YOU DON'T GET AWAY WITH IT THAT EASILY.  He pushed me hard back
down on to the bed and fell on top of me.  It occurred to me that I should be
panicking.  Handcuffs sudden appeared as if from nowhere which he proceeded to
fasten onto my wrists.  He quickly secured my ankles with more handcuffs and
fastened me to bottom of the bed, then literally tore the teddy from my body
discarding it onto the floor, falling on me, biting me, forcing my now streaming
wet cunt open with his probing fingers, exploring my pink wet hole.   I thought
my head was going to explode as I realised how much I was enjoying his brutish
attentions.  I closed my eyes wondering what could possibly happen next, became
conscious of what a dodgy position I had put myself in.  A last sane thought
entered my mind that Wolf was an appropriate name when I realised how much I
wanted to abandon myself to him, leave everything open to him, be his bitch,
completely and utterly.  This just wasn't supposed to happen.

Tears were springing from my eyes as his teeth tore into my taut breasts,
chewing the nipples, drawing just enough blood from one before stopping and
concentrating on the other.  My body became totally oblivious to his scratching
nails, his tongue and teeth probing my clitoris.  He was really hurting, but I
didn't care, he took my breath away.  I had never experienced excitement like
this.  Everything was happening so quickly, I couldn't understand why I felt the
need to surrender myself so quickly and easily to this stranger.  Then, just as
quickly, he started to untie my ankles and wrists and I felt disappointment, I
didn't want it all to end.  

I wanted to kneel in front of him again, suck his fabulous cock, satisfy him -
but he had something different in mind.  Pushing me over onto the bed onto all
fours, he held me in position.  Then I felt a sudden hard smack across my
buttocks and I looked back to see him brandishing a wooden school ruler across
my naked and stinging bottom.  I had heard about spanking fetishes but wasn't
particularly worried, they didn't do any real harm.  Wolf proceeded to spank me
on both cheeks for a little while, then roughly pushed my legs apart, and I
leant forward eagerly, wanting Him to see my femaleness, pushing my arsehole and
sopping cunt upwards so He could see everything I had to offer.  All my
inhibitions went out the window and I became an animal, female animal, a bitch,
His bitch, with my tail up, daring Him to do his worst.  I wondered how many
other girls from my agency had experienced Him and felt jealous.

I was aware of a vibrating sound, and felt something hard and pulsating against
my clitoris, at first moving gently, tickling, then slightly harder with more
pressure until I felt that familiar sensation beginning, my toes twitching, legs
stretching, cunt tightening, intensity building inside me.  He slipped the
vibrator inside my cunt and I gasped as He turned the energetic little bullet up
to full speed.  I could hear myself moaning, could see stars, could feel His
finger rubbing against my arsehole trying to gain access to my virgin territory. 
I don't know if I liked the sensation or not, it felt sort of wrong and dirty,
but I knew if I was going to let anyone do this to me, it was He. 

I was so wet by this time he was having trouble keeping the bullet inside my
cunt and he had to push it in all the way so he could concentrate on that other
little place he seemed so intent on invading.  I felt his hard cock above my
arsehole, moving down between my crevice, then more pressure as he attempted to
push his swollen member into the tight passage.  I cringed a little; didn't
think he was going to be able to manage it.  He pushed again and I felt the
walls of my arsehole give.  I couldn't decide whether I liked it or not, and
asked him to stop, to wait for a moment till I could relax more.  He waited a
few seconds and then proceeded to push harder and I thought he was going to
split me in two.  I gasped and pushed my face into the pillows, didn't like this
at all and all the time the vibrator was pulsating inside my cunt and he could
feel the rhythm through my vaginal wall.  Wolf was panting, luxuriating in the
tight heat of my body as I felt myself gradually relax and pushed gently back
onto his cock ..... mmmmm .... Suddenly it didn't seem so painful after all.  I
thought I was going to burst, the bullet throbbing inside me, his cock tight and
swollen moving back and forth, his nails scratching my back while all the time
telling me what BITCH I was, a FUCKING ANIMAL, who loved being fucked up the
arse.  I had to close my eyes - couldn't see straight.  I didn't think I could
take any more punishment when, again, almost at the point of no return he
removed himself from me, pulling me around so my face was against his cock.  I
could smell the sweat on him, his animal scent mixed with the smell of my own
body.  I watched closely as he wanked himself off over me, building up to a
final explosive conclusion as his cock erupted hot cum over my face, my hair,
into my mouth.  I grabbed his cock, sucked it clean and drained the last dregs
of fluid from his dripping pipe.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kathy


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





