BDSM Library - Susan's New Neighbor




Susan's New Neighbor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: When her beautiful neighbor stepped between her and her boyfriend, Susan knew what she was needing.
SUSAN'S NEW NEIGHBOR

Chapter 1

Susan was a shy kind of girl that's hard to imagine she can even talk loud.
Since she moved to her new apartment two years ago she was hardly noted by the
other neighbors, maybe because of her tight agenda : work in the hospital from 8
to 4, aerobic class from 5 to 7, complementary medicine studies, etc. But she
wasn't noticed mainly by her aspect, always wearing denim pants, plain T-shirts,
flatties and most of times, no makeup. Tough she wasn't a "model like" beauty,
she was a pretty woman, and since high school days men hasn't been a problem for
her. In fact she was planning to marry Mark, his boyfriend for the last three
years.

But everything was going to change since Anabelle moved to the apartment next
door. Anabelle was a graphic designer, and as Susan learned soon, she worked for
one of the best advertising agencies of the city. She was the archetype of the
successful professional woman, always wearing the perfect career attire,
expensive but discrete jewelry and the appropriate makeup for each time of the
day. She also took good care of her blonde hair with two or three weekly
sessions at the hairdresser.

Maybe they didn't came to be close friends, but they developed a good neighbor's
relationship. Susan even took Anabelle's advices about the way she looked and
began to use light makeup when she met Mark. He loved this turn on Susan, since
he tried for years to convince her to do so.

What made Susan change her feelings about Anabelle was the way Mark looked at
her when they were going to have a romantic night out. Susan made her best
efforts and wore tight black pants with a red top and she was rewarded by Mark's
comments on the way she looked. They took the elevator down to the parking lot
of the building, were they met Anabelle who was coming back from work. Mark
couldn't do anything to stop staring at Anabelle, she was really stunning in a
short cream jacket dress, cream high heeled pumps and tan pantyhose. His eyes
followed her till she stopped in front of the elevator doors, and Anabelle,
aware of that began teasing one of her legs, as she was checking there were no
scratches in her hose. When the doors opened she came into the elevator without
looking back, feeling something between her legs becoming wet. Though it was
usual that men looked at her in that way, the fact of Mark being the boyfriend
of her shy neighbor was such a turn on, that the only thing she could think
about was taking her vibrator as soon as she could get to her bedroom.

Susan noticed Mark was still looking to the elevator doors as waiting for
Anabelle to come back to the parking. The anger began to fill her, as prior
attention paid by Mark dissolved in the few seconds spent since they saw
Anabelle till she disappeared behind the elevator doors.

Once in the car they argued angrily. It was the first time Susan felt really
jealous with Mark's attitude, but what really annoyed her was Mark's complaints
about her lack of interest on seducing him. By this time she wasn't angry with
Anabelle, because she didn't think her teasing as deliberate and it was usual
for the blonde to look gorgeous.

But this was going to change quickly in the following weeks, as Mark often
pointed Anabelle as an example of how Susan should look. The moment to give that
stupid slut a lesson had come.

A week day afternoon Susan decided she wouldn't go to her aerobic class. Instead
she parked her car near the parking entrance, and as she saw Anabelle's car
arrive, she drove into the parking just behind her. As it was just a
coincidence, after parking the cars both ladies entered the elevator. During the
short trip up Susan wondered how did that silly doll to look so well after ten
hours of work. Anabelle was wearing a red skirt suit, white silk blouse with a
deep cleavage that allowed a peek to her white lacy bra, white stockings and red
suede pumps with 4" heel, but what really impressed Susan was the "just done"
look of Anabelle's hair, and the perfect makeup that resembled her a Revlon ad.
In opposition Susan wore the usual blue jeans, plain black t-shirt and flat
sandals.

When they arrived to their floor, Susan let Anabelle go out of the elevator in
first place. Susan walked behind the proud blonde, hearing the clinking of her
heels, watching the blonde's rear wrapped in the tight red skirt swinging at
every step she took until Anabelle stopped in front of her apartment door,
grabbed the keys from her bag and unlocked the door. Before she entered the
apartment Susan asked her :

Are you waiting for someone?.

Without thinking Anabelle answered

No, I have to wake up  tomorrow morning at 5am to catch a flight for a business
trip. I should go to bed early tonight.

That's perfect to me!

Susan replied as roughly pushed Anabelle inside the apartment, took the keys and
locked the door. Susan smiled while looking at the blonde doll from head to
toes. At first the blonde thought it was some kind of joke that Susan was
playing at her, so she let her butt rest on the back of the couch and smiled
too. Susan approached to a distance of about two feet, looked straight to the
blue eyes of the smiling blonde, and brutally slapped her with her right hand.
Until this moment Susan was unaware of how strong she become after years of gym.
Anabelle ended with her back on the floor trying to understand what was
happening.

What are you doing, Sue?

She cried trying to stand up, but before she could do it, Susan stamped her
sandaled foot on the blonde's groin.

Aaaahh!

Anabelle cried as she arched in pain and covered her groin with both hands.

Susan was completely calm, and she really was enjoying the view of that snooty
bitch tumbled on the floor shuffling her shapely legs.

I am here to teach you to stay away from my boyfriend.

Susan threatened her and sat on the couch with the same smile. Anabelle was
laying on her side, showing her lacy stocking tops.

I didn't do anything with Mark!

Anabelle replied still trying to get on her feet.

Oh, yes you did, slut!

Susan stood up and grabbed the blonde from the jacket lapels pushing her up
until she ended standing in front of her. Anabelle was paralyzed by fear. She
was a couple of inches taller than her neighbor, but by the way she pulled her
up, the blonde knew there was little hope of fighting Susan back.

Still grabbing her by the lapels, Susan pushed Anabelle to the closest wall. She
let the lapels go, delighted with the view of the beautiful and terrified blonde
with the back against the wall and the stockinged legs flickering.

You know well what you did bitch, and you'll learn why!

Susan said while standing in front of her grabbing her pretty face.

Please let go!

Cried Anabelle while grabbed Susan's wrist with both hands, but making almost no
effort to take her hand off from her face.

You'll go when I am finished with you. And, by the way, don't touch me bitch!

Anabelle immediately let Susan's hand free. Susan smiled, released the blonde's
face and gave her a soft slap in the face.

No please, I did nothing!

Susan wondered if the stupid doll would do something to defend herself, so
slapped her again. Anabelle reacted giving Susan a weak slap on the face. It was
almost a caress for Susan who grabbed the blonde's hair with her left hand and
with her right hand gave a rough slap to Anabelle's face. The blonde's head hit
the wall as Susan kept grabbing her hair.

Leave me please!

The blonde implored, as her only reaction was to try to cover her face, but
Susan stopped her.

Put your hands up baby, or you'll end in a hospital bed.

Anabelle obeyed, raising her hands to her shoulders. Then Susan could see the
pearl necklace, the white lacy bra showing behind the shiny silk blouse, and she
couldn't resist the idea that came into her mind. Susan posed her strong hands
over Anabelle's chest, softly caressing her round breasts. Susan felt powerful
having her sexy neighbor hands up against the wall.

I bet you loved when Mark did the same with you, bitch.

Please Susan, I did nothing with him! Leave me please.

Susan's fingers run on Anabelle's chest, letting her feel the contour of the
lacy bra under the blouse and the blonde's nipples hardening. Though Anabelle
was scared, her body was involuntarily reacting at the teasing until Susan
roughly grabbed her breasts, and squirting them together with the blouse and the
bra.

Ahhhh!.....Aaaahh!

Anabelle cried, leaning her head on the wall and keeping her hands by her
shoulders. Susan squirted harder, making Anabelle's flickering knees gave up.
The beautiful blonde began to slide down the wall. Susan released her tits and
grabbed her hair making Anabelle to stand up again. The blonde still couldn't
believe what was going on there, she would do anything to stop this humiliation.

P-ple-please, d-don't hurt me, I'll do anything you want, p-please!

Anabelle plead as Susan kept on smiling on the now stuttering blonde doll. All
signs of proud were gone from Anabelle's face, as tears rolled from her eyes
before Susan's answer.

You're doing what I want now, slut!

Susan began to slap Anabelle with both hands, one slap after the other, with
increasing strength. The blonde cried while being slapped on her model face, and
slowly began to let her hands down. After more than ten slaps Susan stopped,
looked down and saw the beautiful stocking encased legs ending in 300 dollars
suede pumps, and decided it was time to try other kind of punishment. She
stamped her foot over one of the red pumps, pressing hard over her toes. As
Susan kept on, Anabelle moaned squeezing her legs in a worthless attempt to
release her foot. The desperate blonde raised her arms and pushed Susan back.
Susan loose her feet and felt to the floor, while Anabelle raced to the door in
a desperate attempt to escape, only to find the door locked and no keys at
sight.

Susan stood up and slowly approached Anabelle, who started to walk backwards
trying to put distance from Susan.

It seems you like to play a little harder, slut! I'll give you what you want!

Susan yelled and grabbed Anabelle's breasts, squirting hardly as the blonde's
cries become louder. Before releasing the breasts Susan kneeled Anabelle's
stomach, leaving her arched and breathless in the center of the living room.
After that, Susan stood behind the blonde and gave her a violent kick in the
ass, making her land on the carpeted floor.

Susan took a moment to see the scene. The formerly proud beauty was now facing
the floor still wearing her expensive designer clothes. Anabelle's legs were
slightly spread allowing a peek to the lacy top of her white stockings. Susan
noted that between the tight red skirt and the firm butt the blonde was wearing
a garter belt.

Is it hard enough for you, bitch?

Susan prompted before kicking the blonde's cunt, making her legs to spread wider
and her skirt to raise, exposing the garter belt and the white lace panties.

Aaaahhhh!

Anabelle cried at the intense pain. The smart suited blonde laid on the floor
struggling at the intense pain. Her hosed legs and red pumps rubbed the carpet
in an attempt to stand up. But it wasn't over for Susan, who turned Anabelle
upside, extending and pinning her arms her arms with the knees. Once it this
position, Susan unbuttoned the red jacket and ripped the silk blouse, exposing
Anabelle's breasts and bra.

You must love this position slut.

Susan grabbed the blonde's tits letting all her weight rest on the tender
breasts.

Ooooohh, Aaaaah, no more ple...aaaaah!

The red suede pumps slipped on the carpet before the blonde tried to get
released weakly kneeling Susan's back, only to get several hard face slaps.

Aah..Ooh...Aah....ah....

After that, Anabelle's efforts ceased, her legs rested back on the carpet, her
cries faded and her eyes rolled as she lost consciousness.

Susan checked her watch only to find it was only 7pm, realizing she still had
plenty of time to continue the lesson, but the fun wouldn't be the same with
that stupid bitch unconscious. Susan stood up and headed to the kitchen, where
she took a bottle of mineral water from the refrigerator. Back in the living
room she poured the cold water over Anabelle's breasts and face. The blonde
slowly recovered enough to hear Susan's voice.

Stand up, stupid whore!

Anabelle began to incorporate her body, trying to obey as she didn't want more
punishment. Susan helped her pulling her blonde hair, making Anabelle loose one
of her red high hell pumps. The still stunned blonde didn't even complained.
Susan let her hair go and sat on the couch.

Look at you now, slut. What a mess!

The stunned blonde looked at herself, and could see the wet ripped blouse, her
exposed and bruised breasts, the raised skirt, panties and garters exposed and
the red pump on the floor. Her first impulse was to cover her breasts but she
was interrupted by Susan who stood up.

Take out the jacket and put the shoe on. And you'll move when I told you to,
slut.

Susan was about three feet in front of the unfortunate blonde, while she took
her jacket off and bowed down to take the shoe. When Anabelle stood up, she
started imploring again

Please don't hurt me more, I'll give you anything you want!

All signs of the arrogant and self confident woman have disappeared from
Anabelle, leaving only an humiliated beauty begging for mercy.

OK, I'll take it, bitch!

Susan grabbed Anabelle's wrist and twisted her arm on her back. With her other
hand she grabbed the blonde's hair while pulling her arm up harder.

Ohhhhhhh, please, please stop!

Anabelle pledged while Susan pushed her near the couch. Still grabbing the
blonde's hair Susan pushed her head down forcing the blonde's tummy to rest in
the back of the couch. Susan pressed her arm harder till the blonde's face
rested on the seat of the couch leaving her ass facing up, and the tip of the
shoes barely touching the floor.

Susan let the blonde's arm go and took a look around at the living room, and in
a few seconds she saw what she was looking for. She took a Vogue magazine and
went back to Anabelle who still was in the same humiliating position begging for
mercy.

Nice ass babe, I'll play with it for a while.

Susan laughed at the defeated blonde bimbo. The round and firm cheeks were the
perfect start of Anabelle's slender legs. Susan's fingers played with the
garters and the delicate lace panties.

Please stop, you've already hurt me bad, please.

Anabelle begged while her neighbor softly teased her ass and crotch.

Did you enjoyed sex with my boyfriend bitch?

I only masturbated, the first time I saw him. Please believe me!

Susan ignored her begging, rolled the magazine, fondled the firm tight ass and
began to spank her. Anabelle's dangling legs flexed at each beat she got. After
each beat, Susan shoved her finger into the blonde's wet clit, playing with her
soft pussy labia.

Your pussy is licking bitch! Are you thinking in Mark?

Anabelle moaned rhythmically as her high heel pumps lifted after each beat. The
shame of being controled by other woman was nothing compared to the fire she was
feeling in her rear. But the real humiliation was that she was being fingered by
Susan, and her body was responding like slut.

Susan continued beating the poor blonde's ass, as its color changed from white
to pink, to red, to purple. After ten minutes of uninterrupted punishment Susan
decided it was enough for that night and threw the magazine on the floor.
Anabelle's ass was in fire, and even if she could, she wouldn't dare to make
even the slightest movement just in case it could turn her neighbor angrier.
Susan grabbed the blonde's hair and lifted her head till she stood up.

Now it's time to sleep honey. You don't want to miss that flight, dear.

Susan talked to her victim while pulling her to the bedroom. Anabelle could
hardly stand up,and walking was an impossible task. The blonde felt to the floor
before reaching the bedroom. Susan let the blonde's hair go as she was falling.

You should be grateful I am getting tired, honey. Now move to the bedroom!

Anabelle crawled her way to the bedroom, very slowly as she almost couldn't
move. Susan helped her by stamping her sandal's soles on the blonde's ass every
time Anabelle paused until she reached the bedside. Anabelle couldn't get on her
feet by herself as she's lost control of her body. Susan helped her, leaving her
standing in front of the bed.

Now I'll take some things from your wardrobe. It's that okay, bitch?

The sobbing blonde would let her take the whole apartment if she wanted. She
nodded terrified and involuntarily peed. The amber liquid drained trough her
sheer white stockings, stained her red pumps, leaving a puddle on the carpet.

You're ruining your fine hose and shoes honey. Is it proper for an elegant lady
like you?

Anabelle didn't answer. She was embarrassed and humiliated, unable to stop her
angry neighbor.



Well, you're ready to sleep honey!

After seeing the scene, Susan took a step back from her, only to take impulse
for a hard punch on Anabelle's face. The punch hit Anabelle hard on the face,
and when her back reached the bed the blonde was already knocked out.

Susan left the spread blonde and spent twenty minutes choosing clothes from her
victim's wardrobe. Once finished she sat on the bed, looked at the unconscious
blonde who now had a black eye, and spent a few seconds thinking about the
"grand finale". Susan spread Anabelle's legs, took one of the red pumps off,
lifted the crotch of the stained white lace panties and inserted the shoe by the
toes into her pussy. Anabelle didn't react when Susan pushed hard until almost
half of the shoe penetrated her poor pussy. Susan covered the heel with the
blonde's panty securing the shoe.

Looking at her trashed victim, Susan wondered if Anabelle would have wet dreams.
Afterwards,  she set the alarm clock at 5AM, took her trophies and looked at the
blonde.

Have a nice trip tomorrow, I'll be waiting for you to come back my dear.

After the farewell Susan returned to her apartment, where she started thinking
about the next lesson she would teach her unfortunate neighbor.




Chapter 2

Two months passed since the last encounter of both girls. During this period,
Anabelle successfully eluded every contact with her tough neighbor. The true was
that Susan wanted her to recover before the next lesson. Anabelle's ass ached
for three weeks and taking a seat during her business trip was almost
impossible. She managed to dissimulate the punishment received on her pretty
face applying tons of makeup, but what was really hard to heal was her pride.
The blonde would have moved if she wasn't living in a company's apartment. She
thought it would be hard to explain to her boss her motives to move. As she was
a compulsive shopper as well as a wealthy woman, the "prizes" taken by her
neighbor weren't a problem for her. In fact she shopped almost five times the
clothes taken in just two months.

Susan proved to be a patient woman, avoiding any casual meeting with the blonde
and continuing with her routine. She had broken with Mark, and could only blame
her beautiful blonde neighbor about it. After that, she became careless about
her aspect, never used makeup and had a rather masculine haircut. Susan managed
to check the blonde's mail every day without leaving evidence to her neighbor,
who was unaware of that. By doing so, Susan knew that

Anabelle should attend to an important party, invited by her most important
client on friday night.

That friday, Anabelle quit from work early. She went to the hairdressers and
rushed home in order to dress up with spare time. She took a shower, taking care
of keeping her golden hair done, and once she got dry looked at herself in the
mirror. She was relieved to see there were no traces on her body of the
punishment received months ago.

Anabelle spent one hour on her makeup session before starting to dress up. She
put on a black strapless bra in lace and satin, together with matching panties
and garter belts. After rolling up her legs a pair of seamed black stockings she
secured them with the garter belts. She had chosen to wear a pair of 4" heel
black satin pumps with a small golden bow on the ankles. With the shoes on, the
blonde started with the dress. It was in black satin, with an ample knee length
rippled skirt and a sexy bustier, finishing with long satin gloves. Once dressed
Anabelle put a three round pearl necklace with matching earrings and bracelets
over the gloves.

She spent a while admiring herself in front of the mirror, tough she knew she
was a beautiful woman, this night she was astonishing. Before leaving she
applied more bright red lipstick, and stuffed the small handbag with cosmetics,
just in case. It was going to be the perfect night for her if Susan hadn't made
other plans.

Anabelle took the elevator down to the parking lot. When the doors opened at the
parking level, the blonde's heart almost stopped when she saw Susan blocking the
exit.

Tonight's the big night, isn't it honey?

Susan smiled evilly at her beautiful neighbor, while she contemplated the blonde
doll from head to toes. If Susan wasn't wearing a denim skirt and wooden
platform sandals, she would have been mistaken for a man.

Hi Susan, I am busy, would you excuse me?

Anabelle tried to be kind as she took a step forward to get out of the elevator,
but Susan didn't move and continued blocking the exit.

You're coming upstairs with me, babe.

A cold sweat invaded the blonde's body as her shapely legs started to tremble.

Please, I must go, not now, please!

Anabelle begged as fear was taking control of her.

I can leave you trashed right here, or you may come to my apartment to have a
talk.

Susan stepped into the elevator and pushed the button. By this time the blonde
still had hopes that her neighbor only wanted to talk, but she would learn she
was mistaken very soon.

Can we talk here, Susan? I told you I must leave, please.

Anabelle asked that silly question, still thinking she had chances of attending
the party.

Shut up slut, don't bother me with your lament!

Susan threatened as the blonde obeyed. Susan made Anabelle face the elevator
wall, lifted her dress skirt and fondled her cheeks. Anabelle raised her hands
as if she was being searched by the police.

It seems your pretty ass is in good shape again, bitch!

Susan laughed while softly touched the blonde's panties and garter belt. A
minute later both ladies entered Susan's apartment, and the homeowner locked the
door.

Don't hurt me please, you have already taken what you wanted, please Susan.

The blonde begged realizing something bad was going to happen to her. Susan
ordered her to stand in the center of the living room and grabbed a Polaroid
camera.

Now you'll give a big smile, dear.

Susan started taking pictures of the beauty.

Now sit on the couch.

One more picture.

Now spread your legs and raise the skirt.

No, what do you think you......

Susan approached the blonde doll and threatened to slap her, only to hear
Anabelle

Okay, I'll do it.

One more picture.

Now you show me your ass and look at the camera.

Anabelle did it, and Susan took her a picture. Susan continued till the
cartridge was empty, reloaded the camera and put it over the table. She faced
the blonde who was in the pose of the last picture : standing in only one foot,
with her left hand raising the skirt , the black panties at the same height of
the stocking tops, and three fingers of her right hand inside her pussy.

Is that a proper pose for a fine lady like you?

Susan laughed as Anabelle took her hand off her pussy, raised her panties, and
lowered her skirt. Susan approached the humiliated blonde and gently took her
right wrist raising the blonde gloved hand. She smelt the blonde's wet fingers
and looked at the pearl bracelet.

That should cost you a fortune.

Said Susan while admiring the bracelet. The blonde was humiliated, as she didn't
have courage enough to oppose Susan's photo session, but also was terrified.

I asked a question stupid bitch, how much?

Two thousand.

The necklace and earrings?

Seven thousand

The dress?

Two thousand.

The shoes and the bag?

Nine hundred.

The lingerie?

Three hundred.

Well bitch, all this is mine now but you can keep it for a while. Now is when
the real fun begins, slut.

Susan grabbed Anabelle by her shoulders and started make her spin several turns,
taking a step back afterwards.

Keep turning, slut.

Anabelle continued, but it was getting harder at each new turn as well as she
was beginning to feel sick. In the meantime Susan prepared the camera and
programmed the auto-shot and ordered the blonde to stop. The blonde stopped but
she could hardly stand up over her 4" heels. Susan stood behind her, grabbed the
blonde's wrists pushing her arms back and gave soft kicks with her wooden
sandals on her ankles to make her spread the legs. Once the blonde did it, she
kneeled her hard in the ass.

Aaaaaaah!

The blonde cried as the camera took the shot. Susan was eager to see the
picture, but she took her time to fondle Anabelle's upper thighs and crotch. She
roughly twisted the blonde's wrists while continued caressing her.

Please Susan, let me go, please!

The humiliated blonde begged knowing it would be a long night. Susan let her
free, and headed to the table to see the picture while Anabelle arranged the
skirt of her fancy dress. Susan left the picture over the table and pushed the
blonde backwards making her to go closer to the apartment's wall. Anabelle was
at three feet from the wall, when Susan grabbed her tits and violently pushed
her back, slamming her against the wall.

Ooooh...., please stop!

Anabelle cried, while Susan watched amazed. The blonde had perfect natural firm
tits, and the bra and bustier enhanced her beauty.

Turn back bitch, I want you facing the wall.

The blonde did it immediately. Susan lowered and grabbed one of the blonde's
ankles pulling her leg up She admired the beautiful legs of her neighbor, and
after all, it was another good reason to punish that slut. Anabelle flexed her
knee letting Susan stand up still grabbing her ankle. Susan noted the small
golden bow on the expensive black shoe.

Nice shoes, dear. Let's see if they are comfortable enough.

Susan took the pump from the toes and the heel and started twisting.

Aaaah, please, it hurts, aaaah!

The poor blonde cried while Susan warned her.

If you loose the shoe I'll kick you on your pretty face, It's that what you
want, dear?

Anabelle realized her neighbor had been careful with her doll face, to the point
that she hadn't even slapped her. Susan kept on twisting Anabelle's leg, until
she figured out a better way to do it. After freeing Anabelle's ankle, she made
her turn her back to the wall. Susan slightly pulled down her dress's bustier
and strapless bra, only enough to show the blonde's nipples. Susan started
pinching her nipples as well as pulling the blonde to the center of the room.
Anabelle raised her hands to her own tits, as Susan prompted her :

Put the hands on your head bitch!

As the dressy blonde beauty did it, Susan pinched her nipples harder forcing her
to kneel down releasing her afterwards. Susan grabbed the camera and took a
picture of the obedient lady, who still was kneeled on the floor with her hands
on the head and showing her nipples.

It's that the special occasion you dressed up for, honey?

Susan laughed before stamping her wooden platform on the blonde's breast. The
blonde cried loud while she felt down pushed back by the kick. Susan grabbed the
ankle of her spread legs and started twisting it. The platform of her sandal
pressed on the blonde's silk covered crotch. Anabelle struggled on the floor
clawing the carpet with her gloved hands.

Ooooooh, aaaaaah, aaaaaaaahh... 

Anabelle's cries grew as the edge of Susan's platform penetrated her pussy
together with the black panties. The hopeless blonde was shaking her nylon
encased legs in a desperate attempt to get free, but to no avail.

Susan drove her sandaled foot deeper into Anabelle's pussy, enjoying the feeling
of the tender and warm flesh of the blonde's pussy in her toes.

Susan dropped the leg she was twisting and removed her foot from her crotch.
Anabelle covered her crotch with both hands, crossing her legs as she rested on
her side, unable to move. Susan took a new picture, and when the image cleared
it looked like an elegant blonde masturbating on the floor, and allowed Anabelle
to recover for five minutes.

I'll do anything you want, please stop! 

Anabelle begged while she remained seated on the floor. Susan went to the
bedroom and came back to the living room with a video camera.

Ok cutie, look at you! You don't want to be taped looking this way, so you'll
dress up again.

Anabelle stood up and complied with Susan's command, carefully arranged her
panties, stockings and bra, finishing with the dress's bustier. Her crotch was
aching like hell, but she was really determined to obey Susan before being
punished again. She was relieved Susan had left her pretty face unpunished, and
apparently got tired of playing with her, but somehow she knew the lesson would
continue.

Now you'll arrange your hair and makeup, honey.

Anabelle picked her handbag and asked Susan to allow her to use the bathroom.
Susan agreed and followed the blonde to the bathroom. She stood by Anabelle
while she refreshed her makeup. When she was about to apply the bright red
lipstick, Susan grabbed Anabelle's left hand and forced the blonde to tease her
own cunt. She started recording the scene with the video camera. Anabelle
touched herself while sexily spreading lipstick on her lips. Tough her swollen
pussy was aching, the soft satin gloves rubbing made her feel horny.

She couldn't understand why she was enjoying being humiliated by her neighbor.
Anabelle couldn't stop, she was getting hotter driving three of her fingers in
and out of her pussy. She was so excited that could barely stand on her feet.
While softly moaning, the blonde dropped the lipstick and started fondling her
breasts. Susan continued recording and started to feel horny too, but she
wouldn't let the silly bitch have an orgasm, not this way.

That's enough slut! 

Susan yelled , but Anabelle was so hot, that she continued masturbating. Susan
grabbed her wrist, forcing her to take the gloved hand out of her dripping pussy
and to stop fondling her tits. Anabelle, still moaning, raised the hands to her
head  and started to rub her legs one against the other while begging to Susan.

Please Susan, tell me what shall I do now.

Anabelle was looking gorgeous again, and if she could go to the party, nobody
would notice Susan played with her, maybe except by her "fuck me now"
expression.

Now you'll clean the toilette with your tongue, slut!

The blonde complained before Susan twisted her arm on the back and forced her to
kneel down in front of the cup. Susan carefully taped her sexy neighbor licking
the toilet wrapped in her beautiful and expensive party dress, after warning her
not to leave lipstick in the cup. When the blonde finished the task, Susan
grabbed her wrists pulling Anabelle's arms back and stamped her knee on the
blonde's back. Susan pushed her back and pulled her tiny arms harder, forcing
the blonde's breasts against the cup's edge.

Aaaaaahhhhh....!

Anabelle screamed as her legs kicked at the intense pain when Susan let her
free. The poor blonde remained on her knees, with half of her head into the cup
and her bruised gloved arms falling on her sides. Susan pulled up Anabelle's
skirt and touched her victim's cunt, which was wet and dripping as she
anticipated.

It seems you like getting what you deserve, whore!

Susan laughed while grabbing the blonde's hair forcing her to stand up,
afterwards dragging her to the living room. Once there Susan stood in front of
her, stamped one of her platforms over the her toes and pushed the staggering
doll back. Anabelle lost her feet falling down, ending spread on the carpet.

P-please let me go.

As Anabelle begged for mercy, Susan raised her denim skirt and removed her
cotton panties, preparing herself for the real fun. She aimed the video camera
at the blonde and kneeled on the floor, placing the blonde's arms behind her
head. She separated her knees enough to make her pussy reach close to the
Anabelle's model face.

Start licking bitch. If you don't please me well, I'll send the tapes and
pictures to your office after finishing with you.

Anabelle knew she was lost, with no other option, and promptly started licking
Susan's clit. Susan was feeling real hot as her dressy new toy continued
slurping, but wanting more she drove her pussy down, pressing more against the
blonde's face, smothering her.

Mmmmmph...mmmhhh...mmmmp... plea.....mmmmhhh.

While trying to complain Anabelle stopped licking, turning the now horny Susan
really mad. She extended her hand back looking for Anabelle's pussy, and when
reached it started squirting it very roughly.

If I don't feel your tongue licking like the bitch you're....

Susan didn't need to say more as the humiliated neighbor resumed licking. Now
Susan was feeling Anabelle's tongue going deeper, as she kept on squirting and
pinching the her pussy lips. Anabelle's legs kicked as she struggled in pain and
pleasure, while Susan had the best orgasm in her life. Susan rubbed the blonde's
face with her clit for a while before standing up. Anabelle was breathless and
moaning softly as Susan grabbed the video camera and ordered the blonde to take
the dress off.

Anabelle took the dress off in front of the camera as Susan prompted her to
remove bra and panties. The blonde was dammed hot in her stocking, garters,
gloves and 4" heels and her face was soaked by Susan's pussy juices.

You did it well like the slut you are honey, so I'll reward you.

Susan went to the bedroom where she kept something she'd bought for that special
occasion, and returned with fragments of rope and a thick 12" plastic dildo.

W-what are you g-going t-to do with it? P-please, y-you'll hurt me.

Again Anabelle begged, knowing her neighbor would do whatever she wanted anyway.

Put your hands on the back!

Anabelle did it, while Susan tied her wrists and faced the blonde. Susan smiled
at the defenseless blonde and slapped her cum soaked face twice.

Oooh..Aaah!

Anabelle staggered on her high heels, but Susan anticipating she could fall
grabbed her breasts forcing her to stand up.

We'll finish this at your home, dear.

Susan searched the blonde's bag and took her apartment's key. She hanged the
camera in her shoulder and grabbed the blonde's pussy with her left hand while
stuffing the dildo into Anabelle's mouth.

Mmmmmppphh!

The blonde complained while Susan pulled her trough the corridor. Anabelle's
only whishing was not to be seen by anybody else in such humiliating situation.
She was relieved when her neighbor opened her apartment's door and pushed her
inside. Susan pushed her to the kitchen, made her stand by the refrigerator and
started fondling Anabelle's crotch. Susan's fingertips searched for her asshole,
and it was tighter than she could anticipate.

What a tight ass we've here, honey!

Susan laughed and took the monster dildo from the blonde's mouth. Anabelle
wished her neighbor to use the dildo only with her pussy, as she had never been
fucked by the ass.

No, please, not in the ass, I beg you please!

Anabelle cried before Susan  slapped her and opened the refrigerator and rapidly
found something suitable. Susan poured spicy ketchup over the dildo and added
some Tabasco sauce as a finishing touch.

We'll need some lubrication, bitch.

Susan forced Anabelle to bow over the kitchen's table. The blonde moaned when
her breasts touched the cold surface.

Please don't do it, pl....aaaaaaahhhhh!

Anabelle cried while Susan started to penetrate her ass with the enormous dildo.
Susan pushed hard with both hands and had to twist the dildo to beat the small
hole resistance. The overpowered blonde cried as tears rolled from her eyes and
her legs flickered, but as Susan pushed harder, the pain and fire in her raped
ass turned into pleasure.

Ooooooh... Aaaaah... !

Her cries were turning into loud moans as Susan stuffed half of the toy into her
ass. The blonde was about to reach the climax when Susan grabbed her hair and
forced her to stand up. Anabelle could only stand keeping her stockinged legs
spread, and it was very difficult with the 4" heels.

Now move to the bathroom, bitch!

Susan grabbed the dildo and pushed her to the bathroom. The blonde moaned loudly
all the way as a strange mix of pain and pleasure was coming from her ass.

Ooooh... aaaah... make me cum Sue!

Once in the bathroom Susan slapped her face roughly, forced Anabelle to lay face
down in the tub and pushed the dildo harder into her ass.

Aaaaaah...aaaaah...aah aah.. ooooooohhh !

Anabelle came with her legs kicking frantically. She moaned and struggled in the
tub for a couple of minutes while Susan taped the complete scene. Her reamed ass
was in fire, aching like hell, and all she wanted now was to get rid of the
dildo and wash her ass. As she recovered from the wild orgasm, she wondered why
she hadn't that kind sensation before

Please, don't leave me this way.

Anabelle begged, as Susan turned her face up, tied her ankles to the faucet and
took one of her pumps. She looked at the shoe carefully and noticed it was size
7.

Dear, it's your lucky night. I am size 8, so you can keep the shoes.

Susan took Anabelle's necklace, earrings and bracelet before stuffing the heel
into the blonde's pussy.

Aaa-aa-aaah It h-hurts, no p-please, aaaaaah!

Anabelle cried in despair as the thin heel penetrated her and Susan pushed the
dildo harder in her ass. Now Anabelle was struggling in the tub and crying
loudly, making Susan to loose her temper. Susan stamped her sandal's platform on
the blonde's breasts, pressing and twisting hardly.  Soon the blonde's cries
turned into whispers as Anabelle lost consciousness.

I'll come tomorrow for the stockings and gloves, honey. Have pleasant dreams. 

Susan laughed as she left the apartment leaving the humiliated Anabelle
unconscious in the tub. Susan was sure that lesson was better than the first
one, so she would have to make a real effort to improve for the next one. After
leaving her neighbor's apartment Susan locked the front door and headed to hers.
Once in the living room she picked her new belongings from the carpet, black
dress, handbag, bra and panties. After placing the clothing and jewelry in a
drawer, Susan took a long shower and prepared herself to sleep.




Chapter 3

Next morning Susan woke up at 8AM, one hour earlier than the usual for a
saturday morning. After getting dressed with running pants, a plain white
t-shirt and tennis shoes she realized that not having dinner last night she was
starving. At this moment Susan had already decided to go further with her new
relationship with her beautiful neighbor, so she headed to Anabelle's apartment
after grabbing her keys. She also took the video camera and the remaining items
she had bought, like handcuffs, dildos, butt plugs and so on.

At her neighbor's bathroom, Susan couldn't help smiling when she found Anabelle
sleeping in the tub in the same position she'd left her last night. Even the 4"
heel and the dildo still were stuffed in the poor blonde's holes, her gloved
hands were tied in her back and her ankles tied to the faucet. Susan kneeled by
the tub and started to softly fondle Anabelle's breasts. The blonde slowly
reacted as she was having a wet dream. Her eyes remained closed as her nipples
hardened at the teasing. Susan continued with the blonde's breasts and started
to slowly twist the black satin pump with the thin heel stuffed into Anabelle's
pussy. After a few minutes, an almost imperceptible moaning came from the
dominated blonde, as her stockinged legs started moving. Susan let the shoe go,
just to play a little with the plastic dildo. The steady pushing and pulling of
the dildo in her ass made Anabelle wake up.

Good morning honey!

Susan greeted her. In a few seconds Anabelle realized the awful reality. She has
been overpowered again by Susan, and worst of all, taped and photographed while
masturbating and sucking other woman's clit. Now she was tied in her own tub and
her evil neighbor was caressing her breasts while raping her swollen ass again.

Please let me go.

Anabelle whispered, wishing her neighbor to continue. Though her legs were tied,
she managed to lid on her side allowing Susan to push the dildo deeper.

You don't want me to do so, bitch.

 Susan pushed and twisted the dildo harder. Anabelle moaned loudly as she
struggled in pleasure. The heat coming from her drilled ass was numbing her
mind. The blonde wanted to beg her neighbor to leave her, but cries of pleasure
were the only sounds emerging from her mouth.

Ooooh...Aaaaah...

Anabelle was rapidly reaching the climax. Aware of that, Susan stopped dildoing
her ass, afterwards removing the toy. A frustration cry was her neighbor's only
answer.

As I told you last night, I came for the stockings and gloves.

Susan teased her and started to untie her hands and ankles. Even untied,
Anabelle was unable to react. Her whole body was aching after a long night tied
in the tub, and she hardly managed to remove the heel from her pussy. Susan
helped her to stand up, and as Anabelle staggered, she started taking the satin
gloves from her tiny arms. Susan followed with the stockings and garter belt
until leaving the blonde completely naked in the tub.

You're looking like shit, dear!

Anabelle remained in silent while Susan carefully removed a strain of her golden
hair stuck on her model face.

Please don't hurt me Susan.

Don't worry babe, if you give me what I wont we may have I better understanding
from now on.

Anabelle nodded feeling some sort of relief at Susan's apparently new attitude.
Before she could ask what Susan wanted, her neighbor ordered her to take a
shower. In fact Susan calmly told her to have a shower, but for some strange
reason, Anabelle was taking every word from Susan as a command. The blonde spent
half an hour relieving her aching body under the steamy water.

How does it feels, dear?

Susan appeared at the bathroom door as soon as the blonde stepped out of the
tub.

Great Susan, thanks.

Now take your time to make up and arrange your hair. When you're done we'll have
breakfast.

Anabelle started drying and brushing her golden hair. Meanwhile Susan was
browsing her neighbor's wardrobe, selecting the underwear, shoes and clothing.
When the hair-dryer buzzing stopped, Susan assumed the blonde was ready.

Have you finished, dear?

No Susan, I am done with my hair, just give me a few more minutes for the
make-up.

Take your time hon. By the way, do you have any plan for today?

Anabelle hesitated before answering. In fact she had planned to go shopping with
Victoria, a coworker, that saturday afternoon. For a few seconds Anabelle
considered the possibility of lying, but the only thought of Susan discovering
her lie and the further consequences, discouraged her.

Yes Susan, I was going shopping with Victoria,  a friend.

May I join you, dear?

Yes Susan, of course you can.

The blonde spent fifteen more minutes with the make up. Once done, she wrapped
her body in a towel and stepped out of the bathroom. When she entered her
bedroom, Susan was sitting on the bed waiting for her.

Wow baby, you look like my barbie doll again! Let's try this pretty things on
you.

Now, Anabelle's face was made up like cosmetics model. Susan was holding a pair
of beige seamed stockings together with a pair of black patent leather, ankle
strap pumps. Placed over the bed, Anabelle could also see that Susan had chosen
a purple lace lingerie set of panties, bra and garter belt. Susan noted the
blonde hesitated about dropping the towel covering her body.

C'mon dear. We already know each other intimately.

Susan stood up and gently took the towel, revealing the blonde's perfect body.
Not knowing what would happen next, Anabelle was not only nervous, but also
aroused. Susan handed her the stockings and shoes. The blonde wrapped her
slender legs with the shimmering beige stockings and slid her pedicured feet
into the 4" black pumps. Susan sat on the bed and grabbed the garter belt.

Let me help you with this, hon.

Anabelle stood in front of Susan, who turned her to adjust the garter belt in
her waist. Susan caressed the blonde's smooth and creamy thighs while attaching
the front garters. When done, Anabelle turned to allow her to do the same with
the back garters. Susan teased her legs while straightening the seams of the
stockings.

Mmmmhh...

A soft moan came from Anabelle when Susan softly run her finger from her pussy
to her asshole. Susan already had the purple panty in her hands. She grabbed the
blonde's thin ankles, lifting one of Anabelle's feet after the other, and slid
the panty up her legs. The blonde's body flickered when Susan softly pressed the
lace crotch of the panty on her already wet pussy. Susan stood up and started
fitting the bra on her neighbor, gently rubbing her already rock hard nipples
clearly noticeable under the purple lace cups.

Ooohh....

It seems the cutest dyke in town is getting horny again!

Oooh...I'm not a ....Aaahh..  dyke ....aaah...please....ooohh... S-Susan...

Susan kept on rubbing Anabelle's nipples as the blonde started caressing her
crotch with both index fingers.

Yes, you are my lesbian fuck slut now. And recognizing it will be an important
issue in our new understanding. It's that clear honey?

Susan steadily grabbed Anabelle's breasts pulling the blonde towards her. She
took care to avoid hurting Anabelle's breasts, but pressed hard enough to make
her point. Anabelle lifted her hands to her shoulders, showing Susan she already
learned the drill.

Okay Susan. I am your lesbian fuck slut.

We both already knew that babe. Let's go having breakfast.

Anabelle headed to the kitchen followed by her neighbor. Susan watched amazed
her pet's perfect butt bouncing at each step she took on her high heels. Once in
the kitchen, both ladies sat around the table. Susan had left the table set, as
well as coffee and toasts prepared. Anabelle was also starving, so she couldn't
help starting with a toast at once.

I can't remember when I allowed you to eat, honey. Maybe I shall teach you good
manners.

Sorry Susan, I didn't.....

Susan didn't let her finish her apologies, ordering Anabelle to raise and to put
her hands in the back. The lingerie clad beauty complied as Susan approached her
and slapped her doll face twice. Anabelle's golden hair waved at each medium
strength slap, but her hands remained at her back. She was learning to obey
quickly.

Sit down, babe.

Susan started eating, taking time among each bit and sip to explain her blonde
neighbor some basic rules.

I'll let you have your normal life most of times. But as my lesbian fuck slut
you'll be required to please me from time to time. That means that you'll do as
I tell you to do without hesitation. Do you get it?

Yes Susan.

Okay. If a third person is with us I'll treat you like a close friend, but you
must always keep in mind that I own you. If I suggest something, you'll take it
as an order. You're not allowed to even look at other women's man. Of course you
know I have videos and pictures that can ruin your life even more. Understood?

Yes Susan.

The same applies if you consider going with the police or move somewhere else.
You will do your best in your job to keep your actual income and even to
increase it. I may require you to buy something for me or even to give me some
money from time to time. You will also keep yourself in good shape. You'll
always be well dressed and perfectly made up. That shouldn't be a problem to
you.

Okay Susan.

Well honey. When are we going shopping with your friend....?

Victoria, she's supposed to come here at 3 PM.

That leaves us plenty of time. You may have your coffee.

Thanks Susan.

Anabelle took several sips from her cup and finally found the courage to ask
Susan.

May I eat some toast?

Of course you can. Would you like it with some butter or honey?

Yes, please.

Susan didn't waste time. She made room on the table and ordered the blonde to
stay on her four over the table. Once in this position, Anabelle had to let her
face and breasts rest on the surface. Susan stood behind her, afterwards pulling
her sexy purple panties down to her mid thighs. After spreading Anabelle's legs
as wide as she could, Susan started filling the blonde's pussy with butter.

Oooh...Ooohh...

The butter was rapidly melting inside Anabelle's hot pussy. Susan added more and
more butter inserting it with three of her fingers. The blonde moaned and cried
like the horny slut she'd been turned into. When finished with the butter Susan
washed her hands and grabbed the plastic bottle of honey.

Aaaaaahhh.....Aaaaaaahhh....

Anabelle cried in pleasure when Susan inserted the tip of the bottle in her
pussy while squeezing it. The blonde could feel the honey invading her hole, as
Susan almost emptied the bottle. The mixture of butter, honey and pussy juices
started dripping from her cunt, leaving her creamy thighs sticky. Susan took the
bottle tip out of Anabelle's pussy and stuck it on her asshole.

Ouuughh.....

Susan filled her ass with the sticky honey while the blonde wiggled
rhythmically. Once the bottle was empty, Susan made Anabelle sit on the chair
again. Anabelle sat with her sexy panties entangled on her ankles and her
slender legs widely spread. Susan ordered her to take a small piece of toasted
bread, rub it inside her pussy and eat it. Anabelle was starving as well as hot
as hell, but her neighbor was asking too much.

No please. It's disgusting. Please Susan.

Susan only had to threaten her with a slap to see her submissive neighbor obey.
Anabelle picked a piece of bread with her delicate fingers, shoving it in her
dripping pussy.

Aaah...Aahhh...

Now eat it bitch!

The blonde complied and immediately resumed with the next piece of bread. The
rubbing inside her pussy was driving her crazy. Her strappy patent leather pumps
wobbled in the air each time Anabelle dipped a piece of bread. When she almost
finished three slices of bread, Susan reminded her about the honey in her ass.
Though Anabelle's ass have been thoroughly drilled in the last hours, it still
was too tight. The blonde had to work it with her index finger, sucking it
afterwards.

Are you still hungry, dear?

Anabelle couldn't answer. She was working her asshole with the finger while
sexily sucking her other hand's finger, as her legs wrapped in the beige
stockings shuffled. Susan grabbed her wrist, removing the finger from her ass.
While pulling the bra straps from Anabelle's shoulder, thus exposing her
breasts, Susan drove the blonde's delicate hand up and down her sticky crotch.
When there was enough mixture of butter, honey and pussy juices Susan drove
Anabelle's hands to rub her exposed breasts.

Aaaaah.. Aaaah...yesss...aaaahhh..

Now Anabelle didn't need any more help, as she was using one hand to spread the
sticky mixture in her breasts and the other one to play with her pussy. The
blonde was in the verge of the orgasm, wildly stroking her pussy, rubbing her
breasts and her tongue sexily teasing her lips.

That's enough, dear!

Ooohh...Please let me cum...please!

I said enough whore. Put your panties on.

P-please let me take a shower. I'm a mess. Please Susan.

Of course Susan wouldn't allow her to do so. Susan insisted and Anabelle
reluctantly stood up  as she slid her panties up her nyloned legs. Susan glanced
at the kitchen clock. It was 10,30 AM, leaving four hours until they have to get
ready to go shopping. She lead Anabelle to the living room and after tearing the
purple lace bra, made her lay face up in the coffee table.

It's my turn now, silly!

Susan used pieces of rope she had brought from her apartment to tie the blonde's
wrists and ankles to the table legs. Before undressing, she browsed the bedroom
drawers and rapidly found  Anabelle's vibrator. Back in the living room, and
completely naked, Susan knelled over the blonde. As Susan offered her pussy,
Anabelle started licking like a pro.

That's nice my little cunt licker!

In a matter of minutes Susan was crying like a mad bitch. The pretty blonde doll
under her was learning fast. Susan let her hands rest on the table behind her,
as Anabelle's tongue took her to a wild orgasm. Once again, Susan rubbed her
pussy on the blonde's model face for a while, until she was fully satisfied.
When she stood up, the poor Anabelle was breathing heavily, still tied to the
table.

You did it very well. You're a stupid blonde, but you are a first class pussy
eater dear! I'll reward you!

Susan slid the sticky lace panty crotch and shoved the vibrator into Anabelle's
messy pussy. The bound blonde struggled when her neighbor turned the toy on.

Aaaaaah...aaaaaaaah.. ah..ah..ah..ah.. Ouuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhh!

As Susan got dressed again, Anabelle had an orgasm that almost made her faint.
Susan removed the vibrator from her pussy and made the blonde lick it clean.
When done, she covered Anabelle's crotch with the purple panty again and patted
her model face.

Take a rest dear. I'll come back in couple of hours.

Before leaving, Susan browsed Anabelle's wardrobe, until she found a convenient
skirt set for her toy. She checked in the inner labels just to read "dry
cleaning only". When she returned to the living room, the blonde was still
moaning.

I've chosen this set for you honey. Hope you find it adequate.

Anabelle glanced at the pale yellow skirt suit in the hanger before answering.
To her relief, though somehow dressy, Susan's choice was quite good for daytime
shopping.

Yes Susan.

Susan picked the purple bra from the floor and left her neighbor's apartment,
leaving her blonde toy breathing heavily, tied in her sexy lingerie and shoes.




Chapter 4

Once at home, Susan spend a few minutes figuring out what to do next. She tried
the pale yellow suit, and to her surprise, she found she was almost the same
size than her neighbor. The one button jacket was tight fitted at the waist, and
obviously made to wear it with a blouse or top bellow. The straight skirt had a
seven inches slit in the back and its hem reached five inches over the knee.
When looking at herself in the mirror, Susan thoughts were confusing. In one
hand she realized she could have retained Mark, only if she'd paid more
attention on her look. But in the other hand, her image wearing the elegant suit
in the mirror, reminded her the stupid blonde bitch responsible of her broken
relationship. And the sweet revenge still wasn't over.
After getting dressed with the running pants and the t-shirt again, Susan
grabbed the purple bra and the yellow suit and headed to the building's
basement. Once in the laundry room, she soaked the garments in water at one of
the basins. Once done, she dropped the suit in one of the machines and the bra
in a different one, afterwards setting the controls to "max dry". After fifteen
minutes, she opened the machine with the suit and grabbed the jacket. It was
almost dry, and when she tried the jacket, it had slightly shrunk. Half of her
34C breasts showed behind the jacket lapels, so she considered it was enough.
Susan put the jacket back in the hanger, and after leaving the skirt and bra
drying for ten more minutes, she went back home.
Back in her apartment, Susan prepared a light salad and ate it while watching
TV. After taking a rapid shower, she dressed up to go shopping with her
neighbor. As they would be joining another woman, Susan didn't want to leave a
bad impression. Over the white cotton panties and bra, she wore a pair of 
classic blue linen slacks, together with a matching jacket and a  white blouse
and flat black shoes. After applying a light make-up, she grabbed the purple
bra, the suit and a bag with the recently bought toys, and headed to Anabelle's.
Again at her neighbor's, Susan glanced at her watch. I was 2PM, and Anabelle was
asleep, tied over the coffee table. After untying her, Susan grabbed her thin
wrists pulling her upper body forward, helping her to sit on the table.

Taking a little nap, babe?

The still dazed blonde didn't utter a word, but she found surprising the fact
Susan was quite dressed up. Susan softly caressed her doll face while calmly
appointed to her.

Come on dear, why don't you fix your hair and make up? I want you to look pretty
for me and....  What's your friend's name?

Victoria. Please, Susan, let me clean....

I've just told you to fix your hair and make up. That's all.

Ok Susan.

Susan walked behind Anabelle all the way to the bathroom. The blonde arranged
her hair and make up with the door open, while Susan discretely controlled she
didn't clean her breasts and crotch. At Susan's suggestion, Anabelle also
attached a one round pearl necklace in her neck, together with a matching pair
of earrings. The blonde stood in front of Susan, showing her perfect 36C breasts
awaiting instructions. Susan helped her with the purple lacy bra, now quite
smaller. Anabelle's nipples hardened instantly when Susan pulled her round
breasts to the middle of her chest. It looked like her breasts had grown
instantly. To increase the effect of the tighter bra, Susan added a couple of
push ups on the base of Anabelle's tits. The final result was impressive, even
to the blonde.

Please Susan, it's too tight and uncomfortable. Let me....

Shut up and finish dressing. Victoria will be here momentarily.

Before Anabelle tried the skirt, Susan loosened the garters as far as she could,
leaving Anabelle's stocking tops at her mid thighs. The blonde slid the yellow
skirt up her legs, fighting hard to pass it past her hips. Susan also had
problems with the back button and zip. Once finished, the skirt seemed to
explode with the back slit turned into a gap. The garter's clips, garters and
even the lace panties were clearly noticeable under the impossibly tight skirt.
The skirt was also shorter, allowing a peek to the darker tops of the beige
seamed stockings.

What have you done. It's an Ungaro!

And you're my dyke slut. Shut up bitch!

Anabelle thought it was the obvious answer for such a stupid comment, so she
faced Susan asking her what to do next.

Put the jacket on.

The blonde was about to tell Susan that she should wear something else under the
jacket, but somehow she knew Susan was aware of that. After putting the jacket,
Anabelle fastened the gold button on her belly. The purple bra was clearly
visible, as well as her emerging round breasts.

Very nice honey! Elegant and naughty, model it for me!

Anabelle did her best to walk in front of Susan several times. The tight skirt
and her sticky thighs, made that simple task quite difficult. Her round cheeks
bounced at each step, trying to find a way to escape from the skirt.

Wow babe! You look so hot that I would fuck you right now!

A cold sweat run down the blonde's back. What she didn't know was that her
neighbor would really fucked her if they had some spare time.

Just kidding hon. By the way, don't you think that shoes aren't matching?

Anabelle looked down at her 4" black patent leather pumps. Her neighbor was
right, but when she was about to pick another pair, Susan stopped her.

Let me find it for you. Are those all your shoes?

Susan pointed at the almost thirty shoe boxes in the wardrobe.

No Susan, I have some more in the next bedroom.

When Susan opened the next bedroom's wardrobe almost fainted. It was full of
clothing and she could count five or six dozens of shoe boxes. Susan started
looking at each box, finding all kinds of pumps, sandals at every color and heel
height she could imagine.
When there were twenty boxes still unopened the phone rang. It was Victoria
telling she was two blocks from the building. Susan hurried and rapidly found a
pair of white 5" pumps with crossed straps in the front, that seemed to be used
only once. She handed the shoes to Anabelle, who immediately complained.

I can't use those Susan! These are size six and too high!

And why did you buy it stupid?

I bought it for the prom ball, ten years ago when I was smaller. Please let.....

Put the shoes on and shut up.

Anabelle staggered while unfastened the straps of the black shoes. Susan made
her sit on a chair, afterwards slipping her delicate feet into the white pumps.
The leather was hard as metal due to the lack of use. Susan pushed hard and
fastened the crossed straps of both shoes as tight as she could. Anabelle's face
showed it was a real torture.

Let's go honey. Victoria is waiting downstairs, and don't forget to take your
credit cards, you'll pay for everything I buy.

The blonde stuffed a matching white handbag with cosmetics, credit cards and
some cash, before following Susan to the elevators. The short walk was a real
ordeal for Anabelle, as the high heels forced her to walk on her tortured toes.
Her upper thighs rubbed each other, as it seemed the skirt's back slit would
open at the slightest additional pressure.
When they arrived at lobby, Victoria was waiting for them, standing by her white
Mercedes at the building entrance. As soon as she saw Anabelle coming, Victoria
approached and greeted them. While Anabelle introduced her neighbor, Susan took
her time to carefully examine Victoria from head to toes.
At 27, Victoria simply was a stunner. Her beautiful and perfectly made up face
was framed by silky shoulder length auburn hair. With 120 pounds and 5 feet 9",
her body was close to perfection. She was elegantly dressed in a beige skirt, a
shimmering cream blouse and a navy blue jacket. Her slender legs were encased in
cream colored hose, ending in a pair of blue pumps with 3" heel.
After the greetings, the three ladies stepped into the car. Susan took the front
seat as Anabelle accommodated herself in the rear. During the drive to the mall
Victoria and Susan talked in a lively way about their lives, ex-boyfriends,
fashion, work, etc. Despite Susan's first impression of Victoria as another
snobbish bitch like her neighbor, after a few minutes chatting, Susan's mind
changed. In fact she started to consider Victoria quite nice.
Once in the mall, they spend a couple of hours buying all sorts of apparel,
lingerie and shoes. As Susan noticed soon, Victoria also was a compulsive
shopper. Of course Anabelle had to buy everything her neighbor suggested, like
size 6 shoes, 34B bras, and all kind of stockings in small size. She also had to
pay constant attention to her cleavage, as not only the lacy bra was always
visible, but also a good part of her breasts. The skirt was another concern. By
the way men looked at her, it was clear she was showing too much
At 5,30 Susan proposed to take a rest and have a cup of coffee. Anabelle was
relieved she could sit for a few minutes, and Susan also let her have her coffee
and a snack freely. The blonde's feet were aching like hell after two hours of
walking in the small high heels. But she was somehow relieved by the way Susan
treated her in front of Victoria, like a good neighbor.
They had almost finished when a thirty something couple entered the cafe. The
woman was an over weighted petite blonde, but her husband was a tall and
handsome man. Victoria couldn't help staring at him until they were assigned a
table next to the girl's.

Look at this guy! I must be dreaming!

Victoria was startled. As the ladies were leaving, she insisted to stay for a
few minutes and immediately started flirting with him. She sexily crossed her
endless legs while starting to refresh her lips with more bright red lipstick.
The poor man could do little to stop staring at the stunning brunette, but her
wife angrily let him knew she was aware. But she wasn't the only angry woman
nearby.
Susan's mind on Victoria suddenly changed, as she started to feel some kind of
rage against her. She was deliberately teasing a married man, in quite a similar
way her stupid blonde neighbor did with her ex. As she stood up, she told
Anabelle to pay the bill, making clear she wanted to leave the place. Victoria,
unaware of Susan's change of mind, continued the flirting while standing up and
fixing her skirt. The beautiful brunette stared at the man until she sexily
walked out of the place.
While they still were inside the mall, walking to the parking, Susan figured out
how to do it.

I really enjoyed the afternoon girls. Why don't we go clubbing tonight?

Wonderful idea Susan. I haven't done it for months! Let's go buy some sexy
dresses for tonight.

Victoria didn't know what was going to happen, so she suggested to go a fancy
store on the lower level. Of course Susan agreed, and when they were browsing
the dresses when the couple from the cafe came in. The woman rapidly choose a
pair of pants and blouses and headed to the fitting rooms, followed by her
husband. Without thinking, Victoria picked a couple of short dresses and also
headed to the fitting rooms. Susan followed her, while Anabelle remained on the
store.
Victoria took particular care of posing the skimpy dresses in front of the big
mirror at the same time the petite woman showed herself to her husband. The
contrast was evident. The poor man was unable to take her eyes from Victoria, as
she was deliberately teasing him. She was trying a silver fabric minidress that
barely covered her round ass, showing the lacy tops of her cream thigh highs.
The poor wife was quite frustrated, as her husband paid her few attention.
Susan's anger was growing. If she hadn't devised a plan, she would have given
the stunning brunette a comeuppance right there at the fitting rooms.
Victoria wasn't done yet. She was putting her own clothes again when the store's
employee asked her if everything was okay. It was an opportunity she wouldn't
miss. Victoria opened wide the fitting room door, showing her perfect body clad
in the sexy baby blue satin lingerie set, thigh highs and heels. Susan was
impressed by her perfect, silicone enhanced, 35D breasts.

I'll take the silver one. Thanks.

Victoria handed the dresses and closed the fitting room door before finishing
dressing. Susan looked at the wife, who was almost pushing her husband out of
the store. Before she left, Susan approached her.

I'm sorry, I just met her today. If you want to take revenge, just call me.

Susan handed her a personal card, drawing a smile on the chunky petite woman.
After Victoria paid for the dress, the ladies headed directly to her car. During
the trip to Anabelle's, Susan suggested Victoria to stay with her and Anabelle,
and to go dinning together. Victoria agreed, as otherwise she would have to rush
home, take a shower, get dressed and rush again to join the girls.
Minutes later, the elevator doors opened, and the ladies walked to Anabelle's
apartment. Victoria didn't notice that Susan was who opened the door, neither
noticed Susan locked it once they were inside. After they placed the shopping
bags over and around the coffee table, Anabelle and Victoria sat on the couch
while Susan went to the bedroom. Both ladies were chatting when Susan came back
and stood in front of Anabelle.

Time to play honey. Stand up!

The blonde hesitated, but after seeing Susan's expression, complied at once.

Spread your legs and grab your ankles sweetie.

Anabelle did as ordered. She didn't utter a word as Victoria watched her
thinking it was some kind of joke. Susan stood behind the bent blonde. The
yellow skirt was stretched to its limits.

Wider babe, wider.

When Anabelle spread her legs wider, the back slit was about to explode. The
blonde raised the skirt, exposing her round ass. Victoria was clearly shocked,
as she watched Susan taking a butt plug from her pocket and shoving it on
Anabelle's asshole.

Aaaahhh.....

The plug penetrated her ass with almost no resistance, as it was still
lubricated with honey and butter. Victoria couldn't believe what she was seeing.
Her mouth was wide open like an "O".
Susan grabbed Anabelle's blond hair, forcing her to stand straight. Once done,
she picked a pair of handcuffs from her pocket, attaching one side to Anabelle's
left wrist.

Raise your right calf honey.

Susan locked the cuff on Anabelle's right ankle, leaving the blonde standing in
one foot. Victoria couldn't believe she had witnessed her beautiful blonde
friend  being butt plugged and handcuffed in her own apartment. She immediately
stood up, picked her shopping bags, and walked to the front door.

It's disgusting. You both are sick, I'm leaving now.

Susan smiled when Victoria found the door locked. Her pussy was dripping wet
anticipating what she would do to the stupid whore. Victoria confronted her,
demanding Susan to open the door. Susan faced Anabelle and warned her before
starting with the auburn haired brunette.

You stay here. Don't dare to sit unless you want me to punish you. Okay?

Anabelle nodded. Susan softly slapped her face.

Okay Susan, I'll do it.

Good girl. You can play with your pussy in the meantime.

Susan caressed the blonde's breasts and faced Victoria.

You were saying?

Give me the keys, you sick bitch!

Susan smiled calmly and coldly looked at her eyes.

Okay, but only after you eat my pussy and beg me to fuck your ass. Today you'll
learn to stay away from other woman's man.

Victoria wasn't expecting that answer. A cold sweat run on her back as she
started feeling scared. Susan showed her the apartment keys, while Anabelle
started fondling her own pussy with her free hand.

I'm waiting honey. If you want the keys, you must start sucking now.

You're crazy!

Victoria tried to grab the keys from Susan's hands to no avail. Susan
anticipated her movement and stepped back before the brunette could reach her
hand.

Are you trying to cheat on me bitch? Either way you'll lick my cunt and beg me
to fuck your ass.

Victoria was petrified by fear and Susan noticed it. Susan knew it should be by
the hard way. She grabbed Victoria's wrist and rapidly twisted her arm in her
back, afterwards pushing her to the bedroom.

What are you doing? Leave me now, you bastard, aaahhh... It hurts...aaah...

Susan pressed the slender brunette's puny arm all the way to the bedroom.
Anabelle watched her friend being overpowered until Susan closed the bedroom's
door. The blonde was getting horny, only imagining what was going to happen
next. Her manicured fingers were playing with her moist clit, while muffled
noises came from the bedroom. Her feet were aching, particularly her right one
that was supporting her full weight, encased in the 5" pump.
The noises kept coming from the bedroom for a couple of minutes more, until the
blonde could see the door was opening. Seconds later, an embarrassed Victoria
emerged with Susan behind her. Her slightly reddened face was looking at the
floor and the blue jacket was barely hanging from her dangling arms. Her
shimmering white blouse was wide open, showing her magnificent 35D breasts over
the baby blue satin bra cups. The beige skirt was rolled at her waist and her
satin panties were also rolled bellow the lacy tops of her thigh highs. Susan,
who was grabbing her silky auburn hair on the back of the neck, pulled it down
making her to look at Anabelle.
What Victoria saw was her friend encased in the expensive yellow suit, butt
plugged, handcuffed and masturbating as ordered. She thought that maybe she
would be forced to do the same in the near future. And she was right.
Still grabbing her hair, Susan pushed Victoria to the center of the living room.
The sobbing brunette walked with difficulty on her high heels and, as she was
unable to raise her dangling arms, the jacket felt to the floor. Susan released
her hair and stood in front of her.

You don't look so mean now. Do you still want the keys?

The poor brunette couldn't answer. Susan roughly slapped her pretty face, making
her land on one of the couches. She was physically and psychologically defeated.
Victoria continued sobbing with her ass resting at the edge of the seat and her
arms dangling on the outer side of the armrests. Meanwhile, Susan calmly
unzipped her pants and pulled them down together with her panties. She took all
her clothes and set the video camera aiming at Victoria before kneeling on the
couch. Her soaking pussy was inches from Victoria's face.
Without warning, she grabbed the overpowered brunette's hair and buried her face
on her pussy. Victoria started licking at once. Anabelle watched the whole scene
as she was getting more and more horny. While driving her fingers into her
pussy, she could see Susan performing some kind of dance, rubbing her pussy on
Victoria's face. That's what she imagined, as from her position, she could only
see Susan's back, and her friend's exposed pussy and breasts.
Susan was getting hot as hell at the continuous work of the brunette's tongue.
She roughly twisted her hair forcing Victoria to suck deeper, while she caressed
her own breasts with her free hand.

Yes!...Yes!... Suck bitch, suck like a fucking slut!... Yes!

Though it was her first time, Victoria revealed herself as a very good cunt
licker. Susan was rapidly crossing the point of no return. Her mind was full of
images of Victoria teasing that man on the mall. She was feeling powerful having
the sexy brunette at her mercy, and she would teach Victoria a lesson she would
never forget.
When the orgasm hit her, Susan cried like a mad bitch again. Her body shook
violently as rubbed her crotch against Victoria's face, burring the brunette's
nose in her pussy. Victoria didn't oppose resistance, letting Susan use her
anyway she wanted.

Very nice bitch. Very nice!

Susan's face showed satisfaction. Her last orgasms had been the wildest ones she
ever had. The view couldn't be better. Victoria was trying to recover her
breath, spread on the couch with her breasts and crotch exposed, and her arms
dangling pathetically on the sides. Her panties were entangled in her high heels
and her beautiful face was soaked with Susan's pussy juices.
Anabelle was softly moaning, barely standing in one foot while playing with her
pussy. Susan caressed the blonde's breasts, encouraging her to keep masturbating
but seriously warned her not to come.
She was feeling like an almighty amazon queen playing with her sexy slaves. What
really was driving her crazy, was how easy she could control them, removing
every trace of pride from those stupid bitches.
Susan started fixing a huge strap-on dildo on her waist. Knowing what would
happen momentarily, Victoria started sobbing again. Susan stood in front of her,
waving the dildo at her face.

Suck it bitch. I know you love to suck.

Victoria closed her eyes as her delicate hands grabbed the dildo an her soft
lips started kissing it and her tongue licked every inch of the toy.

Open your eyes and look at the camera slut!

The brunette did as told. The camera caught her beautiful green eyes while her
tongue lubricated the dildo like a pro.

Enough slut! Now beg to be fucked!

No please, stop this, please!

The obvious answer was a face slap that discouraged Victoria's further
opposition.

Please fuck my ass Susan.

Beg for it whore.

I beg you Susan, please fuck me in the ass. Please fuck me!

Okay bitch. Go to the sofa and wait for me on your four.

After aiming the video camera in a way that allowed a full view of the sofa,
together with Anabelle masturbating, Susan kneeled behind Victoria. She spread
the brunette's legs and teased her dry crotch. Victoria was sobbing again, and
her legs were trembling at the imminent rape.

C'mon dear, relax. In minutes you'll be asking for more.

With an evil smile, Susan started pushing the tip of the dildo into Victoria's
tight asshole. The intense pain coming from her rear made her cry loudly. Susan
slowly pushed and pulled until the dildo run smoothly on the brunette's ass.
Susan continued the pounding while softly fingered Victoria's clit. As her
crotch was getting wet, Victoria's sobbing turned into a soft moaning.

Mmmm.... Mmm.... Mmmm...
Her body had betrayed her. The only thing she could think about was the huge
plastic mass drilling her ass. She had already been fucked in the ass, but this
thing was harder, bigger... better. Victoria needed it deeper.

Ooohh....Yes!.. More please!.... Oooh...

Susan was delighted. The horny brunette was behaving like a real whore. Victoria
flexed her legs, firmly pressing Susan's but with her heels, pushing her to go
deeper. Susan wouldn't disappoint her. She grabbed Victoria's hair, pulling her
head back hardly and pushing the dildo deeper.
Anabelle was watching amazed. She was in an uncomfortable position and on the
verge of an orgasm. Eventually, she couldn't stand it anymore. Her left knee
gave up and she landed on the carpet, but without taking her fingers from her
pussy. The restrained blonde struggled on the floor, with her free leg kicking
like a goat until she finally came. Susan clearly heard her pleasure cries, but
she already knew the blonde would be unable to control herself.
Victoria didn't even notice her friend was cuming. Though she was trying to make
it last, she was loosing control of her body.

Aaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh.....

An unbelievable wave of pleasure stroke Victoria. Her pleasure cries continued
filling the room even when Susan pulled the dildo out and released her hair.
Victoria laid face down in the sofa fingering her ass for a while.
As the dust was settling, Susan caught the scene of both ladies with the video
camera, taking nice close-up shots of their best parts.

What a couple of whores! The guys on your office would love to see the tape.

The bitter comment took Anabelle and Victoria back to reality. Susan allowed
them a couple of minutes to recover. Both ladies were still fully dressed, and
while Anabelle was in better shape, Victoria was a mess. After ordering the
brunette to fix her appearance, Susan released Anabelle from the handcuffs.
Victoria picked her panties from the floor, and after sliding it up her legs,
walked to the bathroom.
As her feet were killing her, the blonde got up from the ground staggering on
her 5" heels. Susan lifted her chin with her index finger, afterwards caressing
Anabelle's breasts.

It seems you've been busy, honey. Why don't you fix your make up too?

Meanwhile Victoria was in the bathroom, washing her face and taking the remains
of cum and make-up. She was feeling humiliated, but the intense orgasm she had
was confusing her. She also was aware her career was in danger, but at least she
wasn't the only one. There should be a way to keep it away from their jobs. Of
course she was right, but this would involve further submission to Susan.
Anabelle joined Victoria in front of the mirror, and in a couple of minutes she
was the first to be ready. The formerly strange presence of the plug in her butt
was now turning into a friendly source of pleasure, but the white shoes were a
painful reminder of her slave condition.
Victoria took several minutes more to get ready. When she walked back into the
living room, Susan was fully dressed sitting in the sofa. Anabelle was coming
from the kitchen, bringing a tray with a bottle of white wine and three glasses.

C'mon babe, put your jacket on and join us.

Victoria grabbed the jacket from the floor and did as ordered. Both gorgeous
ladies sat on the sofa at Susan's side. Susan proposed a toast that Victoria and
Anabelle couldn't refuse.

To my fuck sluts!

After making Anabelle explain to Victoria the simple rules of their
relationship, Susan asked Victoria to show her one of her blue pumps. Susan
looked at the size 8 shoe, and handed it back to Victoria.

Victoria, this heel is only 3". You should wear at least 4", preferably 5" or
6".

I try not to look ridiculously tall Susan, and higher heels are almost
unbearable for me.

I'm not making a suggestion, honey. Take it as an order.

Okay, Susan.

At Susan's command, Anabelle brought a pair of  her own size 7 black patent
leather pumps, with a 5" heel. Victoria complained for a while, but she had no
other option than wear that shoes. The brunette walked around in the torturing
pumps until her walk was almost normal.
Susan realized she was starving, so she suggested to go to a restaurant. She
also suggested Victoria to wear the jacket directly over her bra. Victoria
complied and after buttoning the jacket, a nice view of her satin bra and
silicone breasts were visible. Before they left the apartment, Susan remembered
what she had forgotten. She picked a second butt plug from her pocket. When
Victoria saw it, she automatically raised her beige skirt, bent forward and
offered her perfect ass. Susan allowed her to suck the plug before inserting it
in her asshole. Once done, Victoria fixed her skirt, and the ladies headed to
the parking.

To be continued.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  sig


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





