BDSM Library - San Francisco Love Story




San Francisco Love Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A self contained scene with a professional dominatrix from a novel author is working on. Book excerpt.
Excerpt: San Francisco Love Story
by Stephen Elliott
stephen.elliott@stanford.edu

	He's on the corner of Valencia and 20th and he has a hard-on. He's
wearing black pants and a white shirt. It had said so on her website, to dress
nice, as if going to a business meeting. To be discreet. She had said on the
phone, "Wait on the corner and call me from there. I saw you last time, lurking
near the house. It looked very suspicious. I talked to Erika about it. Maybe she
told you already." He hadn't responded. He wonders now if he should have said
something, like, "Yes mistress, I'm sorry mistress." But he didn't say anything.
He just held onto the phone. And anyway, that was bunk. Role playing. He didn't
think that she really cared if he responded or not. But maybe she did. "There's
not going to be any negotiating," she said. "The minute you walk in we're in
scene. Do you understand?" He had said that he did. "How long do you want to
come in for?" "One hour," he said. Then he added, "I'd like to come in for
longer, but I'm a writer. One hour is all I can afford." She hadn't responded to
that. It was blatant, a blatant request for free time. If he wanted free time he
could have stayed with Erika. She would have given him all the free time he
wanted. It was perfect, with her. But he ended it anyway.

	He was nervous. Chelsea had asked him about pain and he had said he
liked it but not too much. He was sensitive, couldn't take a lot of pain, not
like those pain pigs, the people that were really into pain. The ones for whom
pain was the only thing. He tried to explain it but she really didn't seem to
understand. "What about marks?" she had asked. "Marks?" "Yes, what about marks.
Marks left on your body." "That sounds very extreme." "It doesn't have to be."
"Well, yes. I guess marks are OK. There isn't anyone who would be bothered by
them." "What about mindfucks?" "Yes," he had said too quickly. He didn't even
know what she meant by that, but he knew he wanted it. "Good," she said.

	He paces back and forth. The Arab from the bookstore waves to him. He
waves back. They sell his book at that bookstore. He has another one coming out.
He told them. He's already scheduled a reading there. He waits, leaning against
the newspaper rack, in front of the Burger Joint restaurant. And then finally,
when the time is right, because he can't be early or late, and he can't cancel,
no way, so he goes to the house, because he made the appointment earlier,
something Erika said that got to him. And now here he is, in front of a white
house with black leather curtains. And he thinks to himself for just a minute,
the way he always does, the way he always has, even when in seventh grade he
fantasized about the black school teacher keeping him after school and punishing
him for being a racist. He wasn't racist, except that deep down inside he did
think black people were different. It was horrible, and he wanted to be punished
for it, and he fantasized that his teacher knew. And that she kept him after
school, and tied his arms over his head from the ceiling, as if there was
something there, and rope. And then the social worker would come in. The one who
had gotten him in so much trouble. The one who had called the Department of
Children and Family Services because of his situation at home. And because of
that his father had beaten him badly, and shaved his head. And he hated her for
that. For betraying his trust. He fantasized that she would come in, while his
arms were tied over his head, and she would join his seventh grade teacher.
"What have we here?" she would ask, and the two school teachers would laugh at
him. Maybe slap him across the face, he couldn't remember, but he could remember
he was naked. He was always naked in front of them. And the laughter, they
always made fun of him. Those were his fantasies. In real life his teachers were
nice to him. Especially considering all the trouble he gave everyone. And now he
stands in front of the door. It's eight o'clock on a Friday night. He has to
meet his friends at the bar in two hours. He'll be late if he has to be, given
half a chance. He'd love to be late. Except that he's afraid. And that's when
the door opens.

	She's got a stern, fat, compressed face, like a bulldog. She's wearing a
leather corset over a black dress. She's an ample woman. "Go upstairs," she
tells him. "Take your clothes off. Hang them on the hooks. Then go into the room
at the end of the hall. Hurry up."

	While he is naked she teaches him various poses. He should always have
his hands behind his head, unless he is in position four in which case his hands
are on his ass and his forehead is balancing him against the floor. She never
says a nice word. "This is for my pleasure. Ask Erika, who sent you here, she'll
tell you. I don't get fucked. I do the fucking." He's been raised off the floor
in a leather net while she's saying this. She's wrapped his genitals in straps
and attached them to a leash and is swinging him around by them. "I'm going to
fuck you for so long. I'm going to fuck the hell out of you."

	She straps him down to a table, leather straps across his body, cuffs on
his angles and legs, a sling beneath his legs keeping his legs raised and bent,
belts around the top of his legs. She hooks him to an electrical machine which
she inserts in his anus and around his balls. She zaps him the first time too
hard and he screams and she laughs but then says she won't zap him that hard
again. It's almost an apology. For the next forty five minutes the electricity
pulses through him, hurting. She says things like, "I'm not even fucking you.
You're being fucked by a machine. You're being fucked in that little pussy ass
of yours." The pain is so much that he forgets that she is ugly, that she looks
like a bulldog, that the slabs of forehead above her eyes are pushing down over
her face like the mud cliffs of Malibu, threatening to collapse to the ocean.
The restraints and the pain take him somewhere else and he moans involuntarily,
short, little yelps, he can't help himself. And when she places her hand over
his face, over his mouth and nose, so he can just barely breath, he becomes very
calm, he can't hear anything. He's blind for a moment. The world is a black box,
a calm body of water. The world is warm and quiet, he breathes her hand, only
barely able to make out the cruel things she says.

	Then it's over. "I want you to go home and finish yourself off," she
says. "And I want you to call me and leave a message on my machine, telling me
that you did." She walks him over to the bathroom and watches him clean himself
with a handy wipe. She says, "I have a wicked sense of humor, in case you
haven't noticed," and she smiles at him with her thick bulldog face.

	He dresses in front of her. He places two hundred dollars in the little
green box. He thanks her. He says it was the most amazing experience.

	"Different from Erika," she says slyly and he almost laughs. At the door
she says he may give her a hug and he wraps his arms around her and buries his
face in her shoulder. Then he leaves.

**

Stephen Elliott is the author of the novels A Life Without Consequences and What
It Means To Love You. More of his work can be read at
http://www.stephenelliott.com. He can be emailed at stephen.elliott@stanford.edu




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stephen Elliott


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





