BDSM Library - Becoming "It"




Becoming "It"
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive's identity is taken away by verbal and physical training techniques.
Becoming "It"


"Slave, your new name is 'empty'.  You are like a pair of shoes that is empty
until someone puts their foot inside the shoe.  You are like a pair of shoes
that has no use, no purpose until the inside is filled.  You will stay inside
the closet and come to understand 'empty' and embrace it"

The Master led the slave to the closet.  He pulled a hood over her head putting
her in complete darkness with only an opening for her mouth.  After having her
sit on the floor, he closed the closet door.

The slave sat in silence.  She tried to hear any movement outside of the closet
but the hood muffled any sound.  She felt around the space she was in which was
just long enough for her to lay down if she curled her legs up.  She felt a
couple pairs of shoes on the floor but nothing else.  Above her she could feel
the clothes that were hanging on their hangers.  It took her mind and her heart
awhile to slow down and relax.  At first her mind tried to think of the life she
had come from, how she had gotten where she was now.  She knew she had come from
another time but it was like trying to make out a building or a person who was
in the midst of a fog.  Almost as if she was trying to remember a dream she once
had.  It was unimportant so her mind shifted to what the Master had told her
before placing her in the closet.  She forced herself to slow her breathing down
and as the hours passed she began to feel herself become part of the darkness. 
It was like floating in space.  She felt no emotion as all thoughts began to
float out of her and away.  She dozed off and on but was never really sure
because it began to blur together, to seem the same.

The following day the Master opened the closet door and allowed the slave to sip
some water from the glass he held to her lips.  He was silent and when she was
through he shut the door again.  Later that day he opened the door to retrieve a
shirt, ignoring her.  She grew hungry but the feeling floated away into the
darkness.  In the beginning the slave would wonder how long she would be kept in
the closet.  Now it did not seem to matter enough to think about.

After 48 hours the Master returned to the closet.  After being in a silent world
for two days his voice seemed to boom over her.

"What is your name?" he demanded.

"Empty," the slave responded, the sound of her voice sounding strange and
faraway.

"And IS it empty?"

"i feel...." the slave began but the Master spoke.

"I?  I?" he growled.  "It is not an 'I'!  Until I have decided if it is to be an
'I' or not, it will ALWAYS refer to itself as 'it'!  It is nothing until I make
it something" he roared at her.

"Yes, Master," the slave said quietly, cringing at the power of his voice.

"I think perhaps IT has not fully embraced the meaning of its new name.  It will
remain in darkness until I am satisfied it has come to complete understanding." 
The Master shut the closet door without another word.

The slave's mind began to fill with the words he and spoken.  Again and again
the words came and began, looping continuously as she felt herself float back
into the dark.

Twenty-four hours the Master returned.

"And what is it's name?" he asked.

"its name is empty," the slave responded

"And IS it empty?" he asked

"There is nothing, it is nothing, Master.  it feels...empty," the slave
responded.

"Good," he said with satisfaction.

"empty, its new name will now be 'hole'," he told the slave after removing her
from the closet but leaving the hood in place.  "There are three holes in its
body.  Those holes belong to me and will be given a purpose for being there by
Ms Lisa and myself.  Its only reason for existing now is to provide holes for
our use.  it will not speak.  it will only exist as a hole.  Now, get on its
hands and knees."

The slave quickly obeyed.

The Master's dick had grown hard.  He grabbed hold of both sides of the slave's
hips and pushed his dick inside her cunt.  He fucked her for a few moments
before stopping.

"Good.  Its hole has helped my dick become sufficiently hard.  Ms Lisa will
appreciate it I'm sure.  It will remain where it is until I return."

The Master retired to the bedroom.  The slave could hear them making love for a
very long time and then heard the voices of their orgasms.  Soon afterwards the
Master returned to the slave.

"hole, it will go with Ms Lisa into the kitchen.  There is no point for her to
have to continuously move between the trash can and her work when a hole is
right here."

Ms Lisa led the slave into the kitchen.  She had the slave lie on its back and
push its legs back until its pussy faced the ceiling. Ms Lisa pushed a plastic
bag into the slave's opening and spread the ends flat against the outside of the
slave's hole.

"it may hold its back with its arms to stay in position," Ms Lisa told the
slave.

As Ms Lisa peeled the vegetables she would put the skins into the slave's
plastic lined hole.  When the bag became full she had the slave remove the bag
and deposit it in the nearby trashcan.  The slave then returned and another
plastic bag was inserted into its hole.  This continued for several rounds until
Ms Lisa was finished.

With another clean bag inserted Ms Lisa used the hole to hold her cooking
utensils as she cooked dinner.  By now the slave had begun to feel like she WAS
a hole, nothing more.  As Ms Lisa cooked, the Master sat in the kitchen and they
spoke back and forth to each other as if the slave was not there.  This made the
slave feel even further removed.  The slave remained in the kitchen while the
Master and Ms Lisa ate dinner.

When they were through, the slave's hole was once again used to empty trash into
until the dishes were clean the kitchen cleaned.

The Master had fixed a bowl of oatmeal and placed it on the floor in front of
the slave.

"it will now use its mouth to give its body energy to allow it to continue in
service," the Master told the slave.

Hungrily the slave ate the oatmeal with her mouth.  There was not a lot but
enough to quiet her stomach.

"I have no further use for its presence tonight," the Master told the slave.  He
led the slave back into the closet.

Early the next morning the Master began to bang on the closet door.  The sudden
and loud noise of the banging made the slave jump up in fear and back up against
a corner in the closet.

"Is it still a hole?" he yelled through the door.

"Yes, Master," the slave responded.

The Master jerked the closet door open and drug the slave outside her confines.

"Wrong!  I told it last night that its name is 'stupid'!  He pulled the hood off
of the slave's head.  The light burned her eyes and she cried out from the pain. 
The Master slapped her hard across her cheek.

"Pay attention!  Now, stand up!" the Master demanded.

As the slave stood up the Master yelled at her again.

"What is it doing??"

"it is standing like you told it to, Master," the slave responded.

"Stupid.  Didn't I tell it to pay attention?  I told it to get to all fours. 
NOW do IT!"

Confused the slave did as he ordered.

"Jesus Christ.  it IS stupid!  Does it really think it is lying on the floor? 
Do as I ordered!"

The Master continued to add to the slave's confusion in this manner, demanding
obedience quicker and quicker until the slave broke down and cried out that she
was confused, begged for him not to hurt her and for him to help her.  Tears
were streaming down her face.

"When I'm through with it, it won't be so stupid but it's certainly stupid now,
isn't it!  Stupid IS an appropriate name for you isn't it!"  he yelled at her.

"Yes, Master," the slave replied through her tears.  "it wants to please you but
it's too stupid," the slave cried.

"Yes it is but with the Master's help and guidance it won't be will it?  Without
the Master to mold it, it would remain stupid for the rest of its life wouldn't
it?  Fucking its life up because of its stupidity, would it?"

"Yes, Master, please...help it," the slave pleaded.

The Master's voice softened. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Slave Sheryl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





