BDSM Library - Dreams Revealed




Dreams Revealed
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The story of a man's submission, day to night.
Dreams Revealed


Imagine it like this: you have spent the entire day at her beck and cal, doing
her bidding. As you emerged from the shower, she was there. She watched you dry
yourself, and once you were finished, she produced a small cage and lock. She
slips the cage over your cock, fastens the straps behind your balls, and locks
it in place. She makes no mention of a key. Before she turns to leave, she gives
you a playful swat on the ass and says, "You'd better get dressed quickly;
there's lots to do."

You go, put on your clothes. When you get to the living room, she is there,
still in her pj's.  Feet up, remote control in hand. She has a list of chores. 
She hands you the cell phone.  "I don't want to have come find you," she says.

You start by mowing the lawn.  All of it.  From time to time the cell phone
vibrates in your pocket. She has small requests: get her a drink from the
kitchen. Find her a pen. Briefly massage her shoulders.

Your work continues throughout the day. You clear dead limbs from the back yard;
weed the garden. Laundry. You work frantically to get everything done.  Finally,
in the early evening, you are finished, exhausted.  You are covered with a film
of dirt. Sweaty, and all day long your caged cock has been a constant
reminder-the possibility of things to come.

You come inside, find her still there on the couch. Throughout the entire day
she has rested, napped. You notice she has painted her toenails. You stand
there, next to the couch, unsure of what to do.  She says, "Why don't you go
ahead and sit down?" You do so, almost collapsing into the loveseat, your arms
and legs feeling heavy with overuse.  After a few moments, she stands, walks
over to you.  She cracks a smile, slightly wicked, slightly mischievous, and
leans down towards you.  She places her hands on either side of your head,
supporting herself, and slides her knee between your thighs, pressing it firmly
against your cock. "You've been such a good boy," she whispers, and her breath
against your ear sends slight tingles down your spine. "Working so hard all
day..." her fist clenches your hair. "I think you maybe deserve a little reward,
don't you?"

"Yes," you say.  "I'd like that."

"Good.  But first," she says, "You have to get all cleaned up." She stands,
walks to the kitchen. When she returns, she hands you a bottle of hair removal
cream. "All clean," she says. Then she has you stand and takes off the cage
before sending you to the shower.

In the bathroom, you rinse off the day's dirt quickly, and spread the cream all
over your body, covering everything from your neck down. When it has done its
work, you step back into the shower and rinse the hair from your body.

The warm water is invigorating, bringing some life back into your arms and legs.
You scrub yourself clean and as you turn off the water, she opens the shower
curtain. You stand there, and she looks at you possessively.  Still with that
magic, alluring smile.  "So clean," she says, and, her hand caressing your
chest, "...so smooth."

Again, she watches as you dry yourself, and you feel a little self conscious,
wondering, briefly, if you look like a fool bending over to dry your feet.  When
you're done she has you kneel before her. She places a collar around your neck
and cuffs on your wrists. She slips a finger through one of the rings on the
collar and leads you into the bedroom.  There, she lays you face down on the
bed, the clean sheets feeling almost slick against your newly hairless body. She
fastens your wrists behind your back and clips a leash to your collar, tying you
to the headboard. Before she leaves you like this, she runs her hands up and
down your body: across your calves, between your thighs, a single finger
trailing up between your ass cheeks. Hands on your back...up your neck...pulling
your hair. She presses your face briefly into the mattress, then encircles you
in her arms and twists your nipples as she tells you, 'Now that you're all
ready, it's my turn." And she stands and leaves.

You lie there face down, your hard cock pressed between your body and the
mattress.  You begin to grind against the sheets, relishing the feeling of it,
humping against the bed.  You can't help yourself.  In the house around you, you
can hear her moving.  The shower running. And, once it's off, drawers open and
close and you can hear the faint, metallic sounds of buckles being fastened. Not
long after, she comes into the bedroom, a vision of fierce beauty: bright blue
eyes lined dark, black hair framing her face. Pale lips unadorned by lipstick
and so soft and full they don't need any.  She wears her knee high docs, and
above the black leather, nothing but her supple glorious thighs. She wears a
small t-shirt that clings to her curves: her perfect breasts, her delicate
shoulders. And from between her legs juts the largest cock you have ever seen.

She looks powerful, and comes towards you with measured steps. When she reaches
the side of the bed, she stands for a moment, just looking down at you, taking
in the expression on your face.  Your breath is quicker now, and you can feel
your excitement making its way through your whole body. A certain tingling of
your skin, a certain fluttering in your stomach A certain...fear.  As she stands
there, the cock hovers in front of your face. Not more than seven or eight
inches long, but thick...thicker at the base than your wrist.  You almost wonder
how she got it into the harness at all.

Moments pass...perhaps only seconds, beats of your heart thumping wildly in your
chest. You almost move to take the cock in your mouth, unsure of her plans and
desires.  But then she is climbing onto the bed, spreading your legs wide and
kneeling between your thighs.  You can feel the cock resting on your ass, and
she begins to nudge you with it, sliding it between your ass-pressing it against
your hole.  She says, "It doesn't look like you're ready to take it yet," and
you shake your head, whispering "No..."

"It's all right," she says, "We have all night to get you ready...to make you
beg for it."

She then releases your wrists so you are free to move. "I don't want you tied,"
she says. "And I doubt we'll need them."   She's right.  After the day of work
you performed, your muscles are fatigued, and you doubt you'd have the strength
to overpower her, even if you wanted to.

She slides up, straddling your back and turns you over.  She sits on your chest,
the cock again jutting in front of your face. It smells of her sex, sweet and
intoxicating.  The harness she wears separates into two straps, which wrap
around the backs of her thighs, leaving her sex exposed.  You can feel her, wet
against your skin.  She reaches back, grabs your cock, and begins stroking it.
She grinds herself against your chest.  Finally, you can take it no more, and
reach up to her, caress her breasts, teasing her nipples. You tug her to you,
kissing her soft lips, her delicate neck.  The two of you roll then, until she
is on her back and you are propped up beside her. You kiss down her neck, across
her shoulders.  You take her breast into your mouth, your tongue flicking across
the nipple before you begin to suck, frantically and hard.  She moans, and as
your hand rubs up her thigh, you can hear her breath quicken, and she releases a
small, "yes," as you slip two fingers inside her. You stay locked like that for
a time, kissing her face...her breasts...working your fingers in and out of her
sopping sex.  Then, you feel her hand on your cheek, moving to the top of your
head to press down...down.

You line her belly with kisses, one hand on her breasts, the other still working
your fingers inside her.  You kiss lower and lower, trailing your tongue across
her soft, smooth skin...lower...and you are stopped, the collar tight around
your neck.  The leash is too short.  You cannot reach her snatch.

"What's wrong, baby?" she says, playful.

Your mind is racing with desire, your whole body frantic with need. "Please..."
you gasp..."Please, I want to go down on you."

She turns around on the bed and moves slightly away.  She props herself up on
her elbow and you watch her hand trace a line across her snatch.  "You want to
taste me?"

"Yes...yes, of course I do.  I want my mouth on you...my fingers inside you..."

"Try," she says, and moves a little closer.

You strain against the leash, cutting off your own air in your effort.  You are
gasping and coughing, and finally reach to her thighs and begin pulling her
towards you.  She grips your hair and shoves your head aside. "Don't be greedy,"
she hisses.

You must please her.  You try again, pulling against the collar.  "Please..."
you whisper.  "I want to taste you." 

She inches closer...closer...finally, you are able to stretch your tongue and
just feel her.  Your vision swims red...closer....your tongue just able to slide
between her folds....just an inch closer, she finally slides forward enough so
you can reach her, and you bury your face between her legs.

Her scent is marvelous and her taste is sweet and compelling. You kiss her, move
the harness a bit so you can press your tongue against her clit.  You seal your
mouth against her, sucking her clit between your teeth.  You slide two fingers
inside her, and slip one into her ass.  Her wetness covers your face and her
thighs press against the sides of your head as you tongue her.  Your world
becomes this: her taste, the bucking of her hips, her small gasps of pleasure
and the sound of your heart pounding in your ears. Nothing makes you happier
than this...this servicing her, and as you begin to work your fingers back and
forth, her thighs press hard against the sides of your head, and she clenches
your hair, and her hips buck against you as she shudders to her first orgasm of
the evening.

She pushes your head away, presses her heel against your shoulder until you sit
up, you back against the headboard.  She pulls on your legs, sliding you down
onto your back.  "I want your cock inside me," she says, and she lowers herself
onto you, hot and wet and tight.

She begins moving her hips back and forth, grinding against you. 
Fast...slow...her pace and movements change according to some inner feeling,
moving your cock around inside her.  Your hands move to her thighs, to her
breasts.  Grab her ass and spread her open until she slaps them away. "So
good.." she says...."But I bet you wish it was as big as mine..." she smiles
again then, and you have a moment where chills run down your spine and fear
nests in the pit of your stomach.  But it excites you.  To hear her talk like
this sends your mind into a frenzy.  "Yes," you say.  "Yes, I wish I had a huge
cock like yours..."

"Call me sir," she says.

"Yes, sir.  I wish my cock was as big as yours sir."

"Could you fuck me good then?"

"Yes...yes I would fuck you good then.  Sir...I would fuck you so well...."

Her hands slam against your chest and her nails dig into your skin.  Everything
stops.  She sits motionless, making small noises and squeezing
tighter...tighter...as she orgasms a second time.  When she is done, she falls
forward, kissing your shoulder and side of your neck.  You take her face into
your hands and kiss her.  Press your lips to her eyes, to her lips.  Nuzzle
against her cheek.  "I love you," she whispers.

"I love you too."

"But I want more." She straightens up, climbs off you.  She retrieves a cock
ring and snaps it around the base of your cock...behind your balls.  "Don't
come," she says, and she lowers herself on you again.  Again, she begins rocking
her hips, the cock she wears thrusting back and forth across your stomach.  It
is the last thing you see before she slides a pillowcase over your head.

There, in darkness, you feel like you are floating.  All you can feel is her hot
wet snatch gripping your cock and her hands on your
shoulders...pushing...grinding herself against you.  Her motion becomes more
intense...riding you...fucking you.  It hits you, suddenly, that that is exactly
what she's doing.  She is just fucking you, using you to get off and taking such
joy in it, and you are suddenly just a toy...a plaything.  She lets out a long
guttural moan, her voice nearly vibrato with her pleasure.  When she is done,
she slumps forward against you again.

Normally, it would be your turn now.  Normally, she would rest a split second
then pull you over on top of her so she could feel you fucking her, driving your
cock into her with such passion, such desire that you are almost animal in your
lust.  But not tonight.  Tonight, she has other plans for you.

"Do you want to come?" she asks.

"Yes, yes of course."

She grips your hair again, pulls hard on one of your nipples.  The pain is like
a bolt of pleasure firing right through you, centering in your cock.  "Yes...yes
what?" Her teeth are clenched.

"Yes, I want to cum, sir."

"Then ride me," she says.  "I want to see you take my cock."

You stare at it, swallowing hard despite yourself.  Dry, there is no way it will
ever fit inside you.  You lick your hand, begin spreading the saliva over the
head.

"That's not the way," she says.  "That's not how you're supposed to do it."

You know what she means, and you rise up on your knees, lean down, and take the
cock into your mouth.  You suck on the tip, keeping your eyes closed.  Once you
have forced all you can into your mouth, you release it from your lips and begin
licking the shaft.  Your fingers find their way inside her again, first
two...then three.  Your thumbs makes small circles over her clit.  When the cock
is slick, you try to lower yourself onto it.  You can feel it slick against your
ass, and you can feel your hole stretching....opening to receive this massive
intruder. You slide lower, letting your own weight push you down on her cock. 
"That's it, baby," she says.  "I want to see you humping it."

It slides further and further inside you, stretching you open.  When you feel
her skin against your ass, when the cock is buried to the hilt inside you, it's
as if you're being turned inside out, and you swear you can feel it in the back
of your throat.  "Ride it," she says, and you begin to work yourself up and
down, an inch at a time.  "Stroke yourself," she says, "And tell me how much you
love my cock."

"I...I love you cock, sir.  It feels so good to fuck it like this...feels so
good to feel you inside me."

"That's it, baby....but I want to feel your other hand in me"

You reach back, find her snatch.  You slide your fingers inside her and continue
lifting yourself up and down...up and down.  Finally, all the stresses become
too much.  Your legs begin to shake and you can no longer keep a rhythm between
stroking your cock and thrusting your fingers inside her.  You begin to fall
back, catch yourself with your hands.  You are stretched now, arched back away
from her, the cock still buried inside you.

"Get off," she says, and you collapse to the side.  Then, you feel her hands on
you.  Her delicate, firm hands on your shoulders, in your hair, directing you,
facing you towards the headboard.  She grabs your wrists, places your hands on
the top rail.  You are now on your knees in the middle of the bed, your arms out
in front of you, your head hanging between them. She climbs off the bed

You feel her slide lubricant into your hole. Then she comes to the side of the
bed and shows you how she covers the cock in slippery liquid, her hand stroking
up and down on it.  "The only way you cum is with me fucking you," she says.

"Please, sir.  Please put your cock in me...please fuck me, sir."

She climbs in behind you, and you can feel her begin to press the cock into your
ass.  "Oh, god..." the whisper escapes your lips, and then she slides the cock
into you, fucking you.  Her hands on your hips, pulling on your shoulders...on
the leash.  Her hips slamming into your ass so hard you are grunting with each
of her thrusts.  "You like this, bitch?"

"Oh god yes, sir.  I love it...I love it when you fuck me."

"You love my cock, don't you?"

"Yes, you know how I love it, sir."

Then you feel her bend over, lay herself across your back, her breasts pressing
into your skin.  "Why don't you cum for me," she says, her voice close to your
ear.  Her hand grips your cock and she begins pumping it, slamming into you and
pumping your cock. "C'mon....come for me, bitch." And you find yourself pushing
back against her, grinding and humping to meet each of her thrusts.

And then you are...the feeling beginning somewhere in your toes and running up
through your thighs, into your stomach...your cock, your balls.  The top of your
head, it seems.  You sigh and groan, and cum in her hand before collapsing on
the bed, her cock sliding from your ass as you fall.  "Such a good boy," she
says, and you turn over, beaming, looking into her face, and she leans in to
kiss you, but not before wiping her cum-drenched fingers across your eager,
awaiting lips.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Gregory Alan


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





