BDSM Library - Tia




Tia
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: After Tia had read the note from her Mr. Shane, her landlord, she sat on the bed and cried. Just how was she going to find the rent money she owed?
Tia

1. Tia's first time

After Tia had read the note from Mr Shane, her landlord, she sat on the bed and
cried. She didn't know what to do. The note said that she owed too much rent, Mr
Shane had been letting it go too long, and now he had no choice, he would have
to ask Tia to move out. But she had nowhere else to go, and no way of finding so
much money to pay the rent she owed.

Tia cried until she'd cried herself out and her eyes were all red and puffy. She
stood up and wiped her eyes. Then she heard a rap on the door. It was Mr Shane's
knock, three soft raps. Tia straightened her skirt and pushed her hair back
behind her ears, and wiped her eyes once more, and went to answer the door.

Mr Shane and his family lived downstairs in the house. Tia lived in the attic
flat on her own, and she was so glad to have found her own place, quiet for
studying and away from her squabbling family. She was very lucky. Mr Shane was a
kind man, and he hadn't charged a terribly high rent, but all the same Tia
couldn't manage to make the payments all on her own.

"Did you read my note Tia?"
"Yes Mr Shane."
"I'm very sorry Tia, but you see, we just can't keep on letting the rent slip
any more."
Tia started to cry again, in front of Mr Shane. Mr Shane looked embarrassed. He
took out his pocket-handkerchief and held it to Tia's face. She took it, saying
"Thankyou, I'm very sorry."

Mr Shane looked Tia up and down as she wiped her eyes and sniffy nose. She was a
very pretty girl, just blossoming. She still had a naivety in the way she held
herself, and the way she dressed. Her short pleated skirt exposed cute knees and
smooth creamy white thighs. Her auburn hair fell in strands and clumps, pushed
untidily behind her ears, over a bare neck exposed by her blouse down to the
swell of her youthful breasts.
"Well perhaps," said Mr Shane, "perhaps we could think of some way round this."
"Really?"
"Perhaps Tia. Let's go and sit down in the kitchen and we can have a little talk
about it."

Tia's little flat didn't have a living room really, just a bedroom and a kitchen
that was big enough for a table with three wooden chairs. Tia sat down and Mr
Shane sat down close to her.
"Tia," he said, "you are happy here in the flat?"
"Yes Mr Shane, very much."
"And you would very much like to stay living here, wouldn't you?"
"Yes Mr Shane."
"Is there not any way your family could help out a little more with the rent?"
"No Mr Shane. They already help me as much as they can."
"What about, have you thought about getting a little job to help?"
"I already have a part time job, and I really couldn't do any more with my
college work."

The way Tia looked up at him, her wide eyes so innocent and pleading, Mr Shane
knew he had to go on.
"Tia, there is one way. You see, you're a very pretty girl, I'm sure you know,
don't you."
"I don't know Mr Shane."
"Now, I think you do, Tia. I understand, you're shy. I know you've never brought
any boys back here, have you Tia."
"No Mr Shane."
"But you have had boyfriends before, haven't you Tia?"
"Well, yes, Mr Shane, but nothing serious."
"Tia, have you ever had sex with a boy before?"
"No."
"What do you think about it, Tia."
"I don't know what you mean."
"What I mean, Tia, is that I would let you stay here, and you wouldn't have to
pay any rent at all. In return, you would have sex with me."

Tia sat very still, and her eyes were fixed to the floor. Mr Shane thought he
shouldn't let the silence last too long.
"Tia, do you understand what I'm saying?"
"Y-yes Mr Shane."
"You wouldn't have to pay any rent at all. And I might even give you a bit of
extra pocket money. That way you wouldn't have to do your part time job anymore,
and you'd have more time to concentrate on your studying. What do you think
Tia?"
"I don't know Mr Shane."
"Well, I know it all seems a bit strange to you. But really it's not all that
big a deal. You'd get used to it, and it would give you more time for your
studying. And even a bit extra so you can afford a few nice things. What do you
say?"
"I don't know Mr Shane."
Tia was crying again.
"Look Tia, I'll give you some time to think about it. Let's say you sleep on it,
I'll come back tomorrow morning. You make your mind up. Either you stay, and we
do what I said, or you can pack your bags tomorrow. I don't mean to be harsh
Tia, but that's how it is."

Mr Shane got up and left. Tia sat there for a long time just still, and now and
then sobbing. She couldn't remember when she'd cried so much in one day. Then
she had  glass of water, and went to bed. She curled up there with her pillow
and Bernie, her bear, and sobbed some more. She slept fitfully, and the
conversation with Mr Shane was running through her dream and was there again
every time she woke. Over and over all night. What was she to do? She kept
thinking how much she didn't want to leave, she really didn't want to go out
there again, or back to her parents'. And Mr Shane was a kind man, and would it
really be as bad as all that?

The next morning when Mr Shane knocked Tia had been awake for hours, her ears
keening for the sound of him. She made herself walk slowly, fatefully, to the
door.
"Hello Tia," said Mr Shane.
"Good morning Mr Shane."
She turned and he walked after her to the kitchen. They sat down.
"So what have you decided Tia?"
"I want to stay, Mr Shane, I'll do it."

"That's very good Tia. You're a very good, pretty girl. Now Tia, I want you to
understand what our new agreement will be. You will live here rent free, and in
addition I will give you some extra pocket money, when you've been good. In
return, you are going to do whatever I ask you to do. I will respect your
studying, and I'll make sure you have plenty of time by yourself to do your
school work. But when I knock on the door I will expect you to drop everything
and do what I tell you. Do you understand?"
"Yes Mr Shane."
"Do you agree?"
"Yes Mr Shane."
"Good. Then first of all, Tia, I want to see you naked. Stand up and take your
clothes off."

Tia hesitated for a moment. But then she told herself 'this is what I want. I
want to stay here. It won't be so bad.' She made the words go round and round in
her head and block all the bad thoughts out. She unbuttoned her blouse and
placed it over the back of her chair. Then she put her hands behind her back
and, fumbling nervously, undid the clasp of her bra. She put the bra down on top
of her blouse. Her little breasts stood firm and creamy white, and her nipples
were hard buds. She was shaking, as if with cold. Again her fingers struggled
with the button and the zip on her skirt. Then it fell to the floor, slipping
over her teenage hips and down her white thighs. She bent to pick it up and
place it on the chair. Then she looked at Mr Shane.
"Very good Tia. Now take off your panties."
Tia hooked her thumbs into her panties and lowered them, bending down and
stepping out of them. She put them on the chair on top of the skirt. She wasn't
wearing any socks. She now stood completely naked in front of her landlord.

"Yes," said Mr Shane, "you are a very, very pretty little girl, Tia."
Then Mr Shane extended his hand and with one finger he pressed between Tia's
thighs, rubbing against her little bush and feeling to her labia. Tia stood
still, like a statue.
"Open your legs just a bit wider girl."
She shuffled her feet. Mr Shane rested the palm of his hand on her mound,
against the pubic bone, and poked his finger into the beginning of Tia's
opening. She was tight, frozen. Mr Shane wound his finger like a screw, forcing
it into her. Tia winced. Then he withdrew.
"Oh Tia. Look at me. You are such a cute little girl. You don't know how long
I've dreamt about having you here like this, naked in front of me. You don't
know how much I've been wanting to fuck you, do you little girl?"
"N-no Mr Shane."
"N-no Tia. But first Tia, I want to get a good look at you. All of you is mine,
Tia, when I come and knock on your door. Isn't that right girl?"
"Yes Mr Shane."
"Good girl. Now turn around Tia."
Tia did as she was told. Mr Shane placed his hand on her arse and rubbed it up
and down.
"Now Tia, spread your legs a bit wider again for me. And bend over and touch
your toes."
There she was, in front of him, bent over and exposed in front of his chair. Mr
Shane ran his finger between her legs, exploring the folds of her crack, probing
her anus with his nail, and stroking her wisps of hair. Then again he prodded
into her slit with his finger, this time screwing it deeper, as deep as he
could.
"Are you sure you're a virgin, Tia? You haven't got your hymen any more."
"Yes Mr Shane, I am."
"Oh well, with you girls nowadays I suppose you can't expect it to stay intact.
You're always running around, don't bother about protecting your cherry. And you
play with yourself as well don't you Tia?"
"No Mr Shane."
"You're such a little innocent, aren't you Tia. Such a fuckable little body, and
so sweet and innocent, isn't that right Tia?"
"Yes Mr Shane."
"But not for very long. You won't be a virgin for much longer. Now you're my
whore, Tia. Do you understand? You're a whore now."
Tia started to cry again. But Mr Shane slipped in another finger, and just
pressed harder, finger-fucking her brutally as she sobbed.
"Say it Tia, what are you?"
"No .. I'm not a whore, Mr Shane."
"Don't lie Tia. Tell the truth. What do you think you're doing now. Look at you,
bent over in front of me, letting me fuck your little pussy with my finger. What
d'you mean you're not a whore?"
"No, no Mr Shane."
"Say it Tia. Unless you want to be out the door now. You've gone this far, just
admit it. Say you're my whore, Tia."

"I'm your whore Mr Shane."
"That's right Tia, you're my little whore."
Then Mr Shane withdrew his hand, and stood up. He left Tia there, bent over in
front of the table, and stood back against the kitchen work surface.
"Good girl Tia, good little whore. Now stand up. Come here, in front of me."
Mr Shane took a cigarette from the packet in his jacket pocket, and lit it. As
he smoked with one hand he stroked Tia with the other. He caressed her face, her
hair, her lips. He ran his hand down her neck and over her breasts, pinching her
tight nipples. Then along her side, round and on her bum. Then he pulled her to
him, and held her tight between her legs against his crotch.
"What are you Tia?"
"I'm your little whore Mr Shane."
"Good girl Tia."
Then he turned her round and, pressing down on her neck, spread her over the
table. Mr Shane undid his flies and stubbed out his cigarette on a plate. Then
he took out his prick and positioned it at the entrance to Tia's slit. Tia was
only slightly moistened from her finger-fucking before, and fear had made her
tense up again. She moaned as he forced his way in, dry. He stroked her hair and
her neck as he loosened her, shimmying his cock in deeper. Then as she opened to
him he grabbed her hair in one hand to pull back her head as he humped her hard
against the wooden table edge. Tia cried on her first time.

When Mr Shane had finished he withdrew and wiped his cock on Tia's blouse
hanging over the back of the chair.
"Get up Tia," he said.
He put his arm around her arse and led her, sniffing, to the bedroom . He
motioned for her to get into bed, and he tucked her up under the covers.
"There, there Tia. You'll soon get used to it girl, it won't be so bad. Don't
cry Tia."
He wiped her tears with his fingers and then with his tongue, stroking her face
and hair. He slipped his other hand under the covers and rubbed her side and the
curve of her hips, and then let it rest squashed between her thighs against the
bush.
"Good girl, good girl Tia."
Then Mr Shane undressed and got into bed with Tia, and just held her, running
his hands over her in exploration. Tia lay still, eyes shut, and tried to drift
off. She was telling herself over and over again 'This is what I want, I want to
stay, it will be alright, it will be alright."
It didn't hurt so much when Mr Shane entered her the second time, it wasn't so
bad. And after he'd finished he left, shutting the door behind him.

doggirltrainer@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  dog girl trainer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





