BDSM Library - Deena On Display




Deena On Display
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Deena Wilson is found guilty of an alcohol-related motoring offence. To avoid a prison sentence she agrees to a community service order and becomes a living model on a human biology lecture tour. Her bodily functions and sexual responses are examined and displayed in front of hundreds of students every day. Could it be the making of her? (Complete story)
1. Sentenced!
(Deena on Display)

	The stentorian voice of the judge rang out across the small courtroom.

	"Deena Audrey Wilson! You have been found guilty as charged on one count
of driving while under the influence of alcohol, and another of reckless
endangerment. You are to be released on bail into your parents custody, pending
the sentencing hearing on Friday. The court is adjourned."

	It wasn't a grand court drama, nobody was in the public gallery, there
weren't any members of the press; but for Deena and her parents it felt like
their world had just collapsed.

	Deena sat between her lawyer and custody attendant, sniffing back the
tears, while her guard fumbled with a bunch of keys to remove the shackles from
her wrists and ankles. Her talented, but ultimately unsuccessful lawyer, touched
her shoulder sympathetically. Once free of her chains she ran sobbing in the
arms of her parents. She knew she had just two days of freedom before returning
to the courtroom and an almost-certain prison sentence.

	The republic of Great Britain in the year 2015 had changed radically
from the increasingly distant days of the 20th century. The changes to British
society were dramatic and far reaching, and well beyond the scope of Deena's
little story. Prime Minister Blunkett's policy of 'joined-up government' had
introduced many imaginative solutions to the country's problems, particularly in
area of law and order. Deena Wilson, having just been convicted, would soon
experience the full effect of her country's new laws.

-oOo-

	The following morning Mr Adams, Deena's government appointed lawyer,
visited her at home. They were a typical middle class family in a typical middle
class neighbourhood. The Wilsons and Mr Adams sat in the lounge with Deena and
her loving parents. Mrs Wilson poured the tea into fine china cups, while Mr
Adams talked to their daughter and only child.

	"Frankly, Deena, our options are very limited," he explained,
grim-faced. "There is no appeal process in a case like yours. All we can do is
plead with the court on the sentencing. You are looking at three months in
prison. And don't forget that three months means exactly that... there's no
probation after six weeks any more. But there are alternatives that I'd like to
discuss with you...

	"One avenue we should explore is the Community Service Program. It's not
a soft option nowadays. You won't be serving old ladies a cup of tea, or helping
in a children's playground for a couple of weeks, but I've found out about
another scheme which you may qualify for. It sounds like it might suit a young
woman like you."

	Deena and her parents sat listening intently, desperate to know how
Deena could avoid a term in prison. Mr Adams lifted his cup and saucer and took
a sip of tea before continuing his explanation.

	"Last night a teacher friend of mine told me about a new government
initiative. It's designed to attract many more students into the technical and
medical professions since the restrictions on immigrants took effect. One of
those schemes is to make maths, engineering and science classes...more
appealing." He almost said 'sexier' but thought better of it. "With your
youthful looks I think you may have a chance at the model assistant role in the
'Human Biology Alive' lecture program."

	He looked over at the shy 21 year old sitting attentively on the sofa.
She was pretty girl, with lovely blue eyes and straight dark hair cut just above
the shoulders, fixed casually into a short ponytail. Today she wore denim
dungarees and baggy tee-shirt, which looked cute but didn't flatter her figure.
He remembered her in court wearing a blouse and skirt, and knew she had a nice
body and shapely breasts.

	"Okay. What more do you know about it?" she asked her lawyer, sitting up
straight, eager to find out more about this possible lifeline. She shook her
head saying "I don't want to go to prison!"

	Mr Adams flicked through some papers "I took down some notes as I spoke
to my friend on the phone and typed them up for you. It's not a full explanation
but it will give you the general idea." He handed a sheet of paper to Deena and
another to her anxious parents.

	They read the page carefully:

	MODEL, HUMAN BIOLOGY
	- The model will accompany a lecturer and a nurse presenting lectures in
schools and colleges.
	- The model will be naked while the lecturer uses her body to illustrate
aspects of human anatomy.
	- Medical equipment such as heart rate and blood pressure monitors,
endoscopes will be demonstrated.
	- The model will participate in question and answer sessions with the
students as required.
	- The lectures will be held in another county, a long distance from the
family and friends of the model. This saves unnecessary embarrassment and
publicity.
	- The model will remain in the custody of the lecturer and nurse during
the weekday period. Overnight stays in hotels will be required.
	- The model will be returned to the custody of her parents at weekends -
delivered home on Friday evenings and collected for the new week on Sunday
evenings.

	Deena nodded her head, mumbling aloud as she always did when reading.
She read through the notes twice. Naked? She remembered when her art class had a
nude woman sitting as a model. It didn't seem so bad, and was surely better than
prison. Perhaps educational too! She left school at eighteen and had a boring
office job up until the court case. The idea that she would be involved in
higher education also had the approval of her loving parents.

	"I'll do it!" Deena said decisively.

	"I'll have to find out more about it, and can't promise anything yet.
You're not a virgin are you?" her lawyer asked.

	Deena paused, mortified to be asked such a question in front of her
parents. "No, of course not!" she replied, looking him directly in the eyes,
thus avoiding the gaze of her parents.

	Her father spoke. "Very well Mr Adams, if this is the best deal you can
get for our daughter, then please try." He conjured with the thought that his
'little girl' would be displaying her naked body just for a bunch of students.
He hadn't seen his daughter naked since she was thirteen. She was always a
pretty girl, now indeed a woman, but he had never entertained sexual thoughts
towards his daughter. Now, his daughter's impending fate stirred some
uncomfortable feelings within him.

	Mr Adams packed away the papers in his briefcase and closed it firmly.
"Then we are agreed. I meet with the sentencing committee tomorrow. I think they
will require a naked photograph to prove your suitability for the job. Do you
have such a photograph?"

	Deena shook her head, almost apologetically.

	Her father spoke up. "I have a digital camera. We can take some
photographs this afternoon and email them to you. Would that be okay?"

	"Yes of course. A few good digital pictures would help our case no end.
I can quickly distribute them to the relevant parties. Make sure they are
well-lit and take a few extras from different angles. You'll find my email
address on my letterhead."

	When Mr Adams departed, Deena and her parents sat quietly contemplating
what they had to do.

	Mr Wilson coughed nervously as he rose from the sofa. "I'll go and set
up the equipment in the spare bedroom."

-oOo-

	Later that evening Mr Adams noticed a large file waiting in his
computer's in-box. It was the photo's from Mr Wilson as expected.

	His gallery software displayed the Deena's naked body in a variety of
poses. There were about thirty images to choose from.

	The first few images were not good, they showed a shy young woman
standing awkwardly, too aware of her nakedness. The later ones in the set were
much better. She was smiling, as if someone had said something funny. Her poses
were natural, not contrived for the camera. Mr Adams considered himself a
connoisseur of such images having collected a great many of them. These pictures
were excellent, and Deena was beautiful in her nakedness, even though the they 
were not deliberately sexual. He selected three images that best represented her
'assets'.

	The first one showed Deena standing in a full frontal image. Da Vinci
himself couldn't improve on the sweet purity of her pose. The second showed her
on hands and knees with a playful smile Mr Adams had never seen before. He'd
only ever seen her during the miserable times of the court case. The third was
his favourite: A close-up of her upper-thighs and pussy, in the background her
breasts and face showed just slightly out of focus. Quite artistic by Mr Wilson,
he thought. A click of the mouse saved a copy to his Favorites folder.

	Those images fresh in his mind, he finished the write-up of his
pleading. With the aid of his eloquent words and Deena's images, he felt
confident that he could present a strong case for her participation in the Human
Biology Alive programme. Two days later they were back in the courtroom.

-oOo-


	The familiar booming voice of the judge brought the court to attention.
"Deena Audrey Wilson! On Tuesday 13th October 2015, within this courtroom, you
were found guilty of driving under the influence of alcohol, and reckless
endangerment. After considering the pleas of your lawyer, the sentencing
committee has reached a decision." He paused and looked about the room. Court
judges enjoy holding centre stage.

	"You are sentenced to three months..." he paused again, pretending look
for the next words on the document. "Three months community service in the
Offenders Re-education Program. You will start with the Human Biology Alive!
lecture team on Monday.

	It was hardly a champagne-popping moment, nonetheless Deena and her
parents were overjoyed. Mr Adams received a grateful kiss on the cheek from
Deena and another from her mother. Mr Wilson vigorously shook his hand.

	Before they removed Deena's chains she had to be fitted with a metal
collar: an 'Offenders Tracking Collar'. It was an inch wide and made of a strong
super-smooth alloy and looked quite attractive with its shiny platinum finish.
The court security manager fastened it around Deena's neck. It closed with a
precision engineered click, then it beeped softly as it transmitted its
location. Two more beeps a few seconds later confirmed the collar had been
registered with IOTS, the International Offender Tracking System.

	"This is your O.T. collar." The security manager explained. "You'll wear
it until the end of your sentence. It is water resistant and won't irritate your
skin. It has a built-in transmitter so any attempt to abscond is futile. You
will be tracked down and punished."

-oOo-

	On Sunday afternoon at four o'clock the doorbell rung. Deena was waiting
with her suitcase packed. Her mother answered the door and Deena could hear the
muffled conversation from the entrance hall.

	"Mrs. Wilson?"

	"Yes."

	"Is Deena here?"

	"Yes. Come in. We've been expecting you. She's all packed and ready.
Would you like a cup of tea?"

	"No thank you, Mrs Wilson. We really have to make a move as soon as
possible."

	Her mother brought two people into the living room. The man was tall,
dark haired and quite good-looking. That was Deena's first impression. He was in
his thirties, well-groomed, the epitome of casual/smart dress. The woman was
younger, and dressed in an immaculate nurse's uniform. Mr Wilson's interest had
certainly been piqued by the Nurse's prim and proper uniform with its tight
waistband and short skirt. Mr and Mrs Wilson were greatly reassured that Deena
was in the hands of such a fine looking couple!

	"Hello Deena, I'm Jenny and this is Dr Mike Britten," the nurse said,
gesturing towards the handsome man who was shaking hands with each member of the
family. "Welcome to our team, Deena. I'm sure we're going to get on splendidly.
Are you ready to go?"

	Deena nodded.

	"Great!", Jenny said cheerily. "Let's get you chained up and we'll be
off then."

	To Deena's dismay she found herself in the same regulation chains that
she endured during her court case. Hands and feet chained and looped through a
chain that passed around her belly. She accepted the bonds without complaint,
having become quite used to them on the court appearances.

	"You don't have to keep my daughter in chains do you?", the emotional
Mrs Wilson asked. "Deena wouldn't run away, she just wants to serve her
sentence."

	"I'm sure your are right, Mrs Wilson, but it's the law." Jenny explained
sympathetically.

	Mrs Wilson nodded in resignation. The law is the law!

	Deena's mum and dad kissed their little darling goodbye on the doorstep
before she was led away to a smart new van. In their quiet suburban street they
could sense the neighbours' curtains twitching.

	"See you on Friday!", they called out to each other with an optimistic
cheeriness overlaying their tear-filled eyes.

	Deena sat in the middle of the van's three seats, between her new
keepers. She was pleased to be considered 'part of the team'.

	"Where are we going?" she asked both of them.

	"Northumberland." Jenny replied, as Mike let the sat-nav guide them out
of Deena's residential estate. "It's a very nice part of the country. Have you
ever been there?"

	"No, never." Deena replied.

	"That's good." Nurse Jenny said quietly, almost to herself. They settled
back in the seats for the long drive.

-oOo-

	Most of the journey north was done in the motorway network's new
'auto-cruise' lanes. Auto-pilot equipped vehicles like the Doctor's van could be
driven for hundreds of miles without the need to touch the steering wheel or
pedals. Heading north on a Sunday evening the auto-cruise lane was averaging a
respectable and safe 85 mph. Dr Britten loved gadgets and technology as Deena
would soon discover.

	During their long drive Jenny had talked passionately about her career
as a nurse. 'The best job in the world' she described it on more than one
occasion. Dressing as a nurse, particular in 2015 when short skirts were back in
fashion, was clearly part of its appeal for her. If ever someone could help sell
the attractions of a career in the medical profession it was the enthusiastic
Nurse Jenny. Deena envied the nurse; she was attractive, self-confident and had
a job she loved. 'I'm just a criminal', Deena thought in one of her more
self-pitying moments.

	Three hours of auto-cruising later, they stopped to refuel and have
supper. Deena was dismayed to learn that they didn't intend to unchain her. "It
simply wasn't permitted", Jenny said.

	They took a 'table for three' in the Big Chef diner which was still busy
at that time of night. All eyes were soon on Deena as they walked between the
tables to an empty booth - one diner appeared to have frozen with a forkful of
fries suspended halfway between her plate and her mouth. Deena was desperate to
explain to somebody that she wasn't a dangerous criminal.

	"Oh, don't mind them! You'll get used to people staring at you." Jenny
reassured her. Once Deena was safely in the booth flanked by her two colleagues,
Jenny unlocked her handcuffs.

	They ordered similar meals from the grill menu. Mike had a bottle of
beer, Jenny a cola, as she was driving the last stage. As an offender, Deena
wasn't permitted to drink alcohol.

	After the meal, Jenny reattached the handcuffs to Deena's wrists and
they escorted her out of the restaurant. The sound of people whispering as she
walked by would become very familiar over the next month.

	It was after eleven o'clock when they arrived exhausted at their hotel.

	"Two rooms in the name of Mike Britten, booked by HBA." Mike said to the
receptionist while Jenny and Deena stood in the background.

	The receptionist checked them in and then looked up at the handsome Dr
Britten. "Would you like a morning call?"

	"Yes please. Seven o'clock sharp for both rooms."

	"And would you like your prisoner chained up in our secure cell?", the
receptionist asked in the same helpful tone of voice.

	Dr Britten smiled kindly at Deena before replying. "No thank you, she's
only a category C offender. I'm sure she'll be no trouble in the bedroom."

	He turned around with two keys in his hand and was already yawning.
"Time for bed ladies. I'll meet you for breakfast at seven thirty. Goodnight."

	Deena hadn't really thought about the sleeping arrangements, but sharing
a twin bedded room with Jenny had to be preferable to being chained up in a
hotel cell. Jenny freed Deena from her chains when they both used the bathroom,
but when she emerged from the bathroom, Jenny immediately started to re-fix the
chains over her nightgown.
	
	"Is this really necessary?" Deena asked, becoming truly fed-up with the
prisoner treatment.

	"It's the law." Jenny explained curtly, as the cuff's rachets clicked
around Deena's wrists. The law is the law! But at least the handcuffs weren't
attached to her waist-chain this time.

	Jenny made use of the hospitality tray. They both sat up in their
respective single beds enjoying a cup of tea and a biscuit while watching the
latest episode of Friends on TV. When it came to 'lights-out' Jenny attached
Deena's handcuffs to her collar with a padlock.  Deena was disappointed, but it
wasn't uncomfortable. She didn't even bother to ask Jenny why.

	In the middle of the night, Deena's hands were pulling down on the
collar so her fingers could touch her pussy. She couldn't reach, and realised
miserably, the reason why she had been fixed up like that.

-oOo-

	Nurse Jenny was out of bed as soon as the seven o'clock alarm call
sounded. She let Deena snooze for ten minutes while she showered. Then while
Deena showered, Jenny got dressed.

	Jenny was soon looking immaculate in her pale blue nurse's dress,
complete with its white bib-fronted apron. The hemline of the dress barely
covered the tops of her white stockings and that was clearly the way Jenny liked
it! (In the year 2015 short skirts were firmly back in fashion). The nurse's
trim waistline and flared hips were emphasised by a wide elasticated belt in
contrasting black. She was pinning a perky white cap in her immaculate hair when
Deena emerged from the bathroom.

	Deena saw that Jenny had already laid out clothing for her. It was a
flimsy white dress, made of a light silky fabric. Jenny helped her put the dress
on. It was loose and flowing, like something a greek goddess might wear, and
quite breezy too without a bra and panties! It was low cut between the breasts
and high cut at the thighs, in fact it was barely held together at all. She
looked very pretty Jenny told her, and sexy too, even when she was secured again
in her familiar chains!

	"There you are. It's a little loose, but 'one size fits all' with that
dress!"

	Jenny buckled Deena's feet into a nice pair of heeled sandals while her
chained-up charge sat on the bed. "You know Deena, I really think we are going
to become the best of friends." Jenny told her. Deena agreed, or certainly hoped
it would be so. They were both laughing as they went down to the hotel
restaurant for breakfast.

	Deena sat quietly with a refreshing glass of spring water while Mike and
Jenny tucked into a full English breakfast with toast and coffee. They told her
she wasn't permitted to eat until lunchtime. That bacon sure smelled good! Poor
Deena felt herself salivating. She hated to miss breakfast.

	A pair of middle aged businessmen were sitting at a nearby table. They
looked at Deena only briefly, giving the impression that they'd seen it all
before. In fact they were more interested in Jenny and her nurse's uniform. It
was a sight they thought they'd never see again in their lifetime!

-oOo-

	It was just a short drive to the university campus. At eight fifteen in
the morning the whole place still seemed asleep. They were met by a girl of
Deena's age. She had short spiky bright red hair and a nose-ring.

	"Hi, I'm Nikki. The classroom assistant for your lectures. Anything you
want, all you've gotta do is ask me!" She shook hands with each of them, paying
little attention to Deena's chained hands.

	After the introductions were made Nikki helped to unload the equipment
from the van. At first Deena wondered why they had arrived there so early, but
as they started setting up the equipment she understood. It would take a couple
of hours to get everything ready. She felt reassured that there weren't any
torture implements on display, but nor did she have any idea what any of the
equipment was used for.

	"Deena, honey, can you get down on your hands and knees on the mat?" Dr
Britten called out to her as he continued to wire up the equipment.

	She did as she was told and assumed the requested position on the 6' x
4' rubber mat. There was just enough slack in her chains for her to take up a
'doggie' position. It afforded her a perfect view of the large flat video screen
on the wall. She felt Jenny lifting the hem on her dress onto her back and
watched the screen absent-mindedly while Dr Britten continued to fiddle with his
equipment.

	An image came into focus on the screen but Deena couldn't make out what
it was: Something fleshy and rather gross, she thought. It was only when she
felt a finger probing within her vulva that she realised with horror what the
image on the screen was. Her labia magnified to three foot high on the screen,
every hair, dimple and fold of skin could be clearly seen. She could also see
Jenny's finger moving sensitively across her flesh.

	Jenny gave her a running commentary as Deena continued to look at
herself on the screen. "There's your clitoris, hiding under that skin. That's
showing nice and clear. Here is the urethra...oh, that's a great shot. I'll just
pull the labia back a little so we get a view of your vagina.... Now Deena, I
want you to close your eyes and think of a boy you fancy...."

	Jenny sensitively probed and teased a little until she could feel a
distinct dampness on her fingers.

	"Perfect! That's a good response. It showed up very well on the screen,"
Dr Britten called out from behind the video mixing console. "Mark out Deena's
position then she can have a sit down for a few minutes. Jenny made some chalk
marks on the mat around Deena's hands and knees, she would need to return to
those positions to ensure the cameras were lined up.

	Nurse Jenny helped Deena to her feet. The model was almost speechless as
she got to her feet. "Your...your...your going to show me to all those people in
that position?"

	"Of course! It's a human biology lecture." Dr Britten was beginning to
wonder if the role hadn't been properly explained to Deena. "The students are
coming here to learn about the human body and for the morning lecture we need
you positioned like that. Don't worry Deena, you have a very nice body. There's
nothing to be ashamed of!"

	Dr Britten truly didn't see what Deena was worried about. "I'm sorry
that we won't have a chance to try out the procedures before the lecture. We'll
just have to improvise a little. Try to relax and do exactly as Jenny tells you,
and don't forget to smile."

	Deena noticed Jenny place some large liquid pouches in an autoclave.
"Jenny what are they for?" she asked the nurse.

	"I'm warming them to the correct temperature. I'll be giving them to you
later."

	Deena was becoming more and more ill at ease. "Giving them to me? I
don't understand."

	"It's nothing to worry about. It's just to get you cleaned out!" Jenny
exchanged a conspiratorial wink with Nikki and Dr Britten.

	Jenny laid out some more delicate equipment, while Deena contemplated
the long probing instruments with increasing unease, deciding that she'd rather
not ask what the other things were used for. No-one told her it would be like
this, but it was too late to back out now.

	Students were beginning to trickle into the lecture theatre.

End of Chapter 1




2. The Lecture, Prodded and Probed
(Deena on Display)

	The lecture theatre was about half full, occupied by 30 students,
randomly scattered among the steeply raked seats, males and females in equal
number. They were as earnest as anyone could wish 20 year old students to be:
Weighed down with textbooks and notepads, pens at the ready, they sat quietly
waiting for the lecture to start.

	At 10:30 precisely, the doctor took the floor.

	"Good morning students, and welcome to our live presentation 'Exploring
the human body.'"

	"My name is Dr Mike Britten, and with me today are Nurse Jenny and our
volunteer model Deena. As you can see Deena is wearing offender security chains
as she was recently convicted of drink-driving. That's your first lesson of the
day: Don't drink and drive, otherwise you might become our next assistant!"

	Having elicited a first nervous laugh from the audience, he felt he had
captured their attention. Dr Britten wasn't much of a comedian but knew the
importance of a few well-rehearsed wise-cracks to get the students on his side.

	"Today we will demonstrate some of the most modern equipment for safely
probing the human digestive system. You will be able to follow procedures in
fine detail thanks to the video screen. A full video recording of the lecture
will be ready for download tomorrow. OK, we have a lot to cover, so let's get on
with the show! Deena, please take up your position."

	Deena stepped tentatively onto the low platform and assumed her hands
and knees position to the maximum extent her chains would allow. Nurse Jenny
started fiddling with the shoulder straps of Deena's dress. Deena's mouth gaped
open in shock as the top of the dress fell loosely to the floor, giving the
students a clear sideways view of her dangling breasts. Nurse Jenny then pulled
on the sides of the dress. Accompanied by the ripping sound of Velcro and with a
theatrical flourish Jenny pulled the dress clear of their model, leaving Deena
naked but for her collar and chains. A shiver of excitement went up from the
students as they re-settled themselves in their seats, in anticipation of what
was to come.

	Deena soon learned it was the equipment that was the star of the show,
hers was just the supporting role.

	"The first piece of equipment that we'll use is the very latest Sonitsu
Auto-Intubator (TM). This will provide a safe corridor into Deena's stomach so
that we can use endoscopes without causing the patient any discomfort."

	Deena's face was level with the doctor's knees as he stood and placed a
finger under her chin, indicating she should raise her head a little. "Don't
worry Deena, it won't hurt. It will just tickle the back of your throat as it
goes down." The Doctor's tie-clip  microphone relayed even his quietest words to
the audience.

	He pushed the tube into her mouth. It almost felt alive, like a thin
snake. Without any further intervention from the doctor the intubator steered
and wriggled itself down her throat. It took just a few seconds. Deena was left
with a two inch piece of tubing protruding from her lips.

	Dr Britten used his trusty two foot long white cane to point at the
video screen showing a diagram of the throat. He addressed the audience: "Let me
explain what just happened: When I placed the intubator in Deena's mouth, it
sprayed her throat with a local anaesthetic. Once it detected her epiglottis and
registered that the anaesthetic has taken effect, it made its move and slithered
painlessly down her throat. The end is now in the middle of her stomach. This
device is far safer than the manual technique, and great reduces the need for
anaesthetic and the possibility of human error."

	Nurse Jenny handed the doctor some thin strips of surgical tape. "Next
we'll need to tape the tube in place, which will be more comfortable for Deena."
He carefully placed several strips of the white surgical tape over Deena's lips
while also wrapping the tube with each strip. Deena could see a close-up of her
face on the video screen. The strips of tape completely covered and sealed her
mouth like a gag, with just the cigarette-like end of the intubator tube
protruding.

	"This intubator has a very special feature." the doctor continued
"Although it appeared quite flexible when first introduced, over the next ten
minutes it will become increasingly straight and rigid, obliging the patient to
alter the angle of their neck to accommodate it. Thus it is easy to insert
further probes into the patient's stomach."

	He turned his attention briefly to his intubated patient. "Does that
feel okay, Deena?" She nodded with great difficulty, alarmed that the flexible
rod was already dictating her posture. It also governed what she could see, and
left her no alternative but to look straight at the video screen.

	Deena saw her helpless taped-up face on the big screen just a few feet
away.  The students laughed when they saw her face red with embarrassment at
being forced to confront her own image, a naked girl chained on all-fours, her
shiny-collared neck bent back so her mouth was aligned with her esophagus.

	"Now we will fit Deena with a catheter. This is a tube that goes in her
urethra and right into her bladder. Look at the screen now and you will see
Deena's vulva. Nurse Jenny is holding open her labia so you can see the urethra.
At the top of the screen you'll see her prepuce and the tip of the clitoris
which we'll be looking at in more detail this afternoon. Nurse Jenny is now
inserting the catheter. You can see by Deena's expression that it hurt a little
as it was inserted. Now the tube is in the bladder and you can see her urine
draining into the bag that Jenny is taping to Deena's thigh.

	"Later this morning we will conduct a visual examination of the large
intestine with an anal endoscope. Of course it's usually rather messy down there
so we first need to give Deena an enema to clear out her system."

	The screen's picture changed to show a close-up of Deena's neat puckered
ass-hole and Nurse Jenny's latex gloved hand rubbing a lubricant around the
entrance. When the nurse's finger slipped in her hole Deena squirmed
instinctively and lowered her hips to the floor. The video picture now showed an
out-of-focus picture of the back of Deena's head, much to the doctors annoyance.

	He delivered a sharp blow of cane onto her thigh. "Keep still, Deena!
Get back in position please!" he commanded her with some irritation. The
microphone relayed his comments to the audience, causing some students to laugh
nervously, while others were briefly shocked by his severity.

	Deena continued to watch the screen, unable to avert her eyes from it
because of the rigid tube down her throat. Tears started to obscure her eyesight
as she witnessed a plastic tube was being pushed slowly up her anus. She began
lamenting that she hadn't just accepted the prison sentence. The Doctor quietly
wiped her eyes with a tissue while the students were engrossed in the action at
the other end of Deena's body.

	A five foot high metal stand held the enema solution in a clear bag. A
tube descended from the bottom of the bag and gently turned into Deena's anus
several feet below. "Nurse Jenny will now start to release the enema solution
into Deena. This will fill up Deena's colon with a balanced cleansing solution."
the doctor explained.

	Jenny opened a valve and Deena could feel the wet warmth slowly invading
her rectum. The screen briefly cut to showed Deena's eyes widened with panic.

	After two-thirds of the bag had been administered, Nurse Jenny started
to massage Deena's lower back around her belly chain, and encouraged a gentle
hip movement. "Good girl, Deena, just a little more to go, sweetie", she
whispered kindly. The liquid continued to fill past a point that Deena thought
impossible, she worried that she might simply burst open.

	Dr Britten continued his commentary: "That's all two litres now in
Deena's colon. Nurse Jenny will seal the anal plug for ten minutes to let it get
to work, while I explain a little more about the esophagus and stomach. Take a
look at this diagram...." He took the students through a series of high quality
images on the video screen.

	Deena was becoming more and more agitated by the soapy liquid bulging
within her and started to shift around a little, but sensed how utterly at their
mercy she had become. Her eyes met the doctor's briefly as he stood in front of
the video screen. Whining and whimpering pitifully from behind her taped mouth,
her blue eyes pleaded with him. Her interruption of the doctor's lecture was met
with another stinging hit on her thigh with the white cane.

	"Quiet please, Deena, the students are trying to concentrate!" he said,
annoyed by yet another interruption. The lecture hall erupted in chuckling, all
at Deena's expense.

	Nurse Jenny had placed a large bowl on the stage between Deena's open
knees. "Ok Deena honey, we're going to remove the plug. Sit back on the bowl and
let it all out."

	That's exactly what she did. It was easy, and yet it was the most
embarrassing moment of her life...so far.

	The sight, sounds and smell of Deena's evacuations met with a
predictably juvenile reaction from the students.

	"Oh my god, that's so gross!" one of the female students called out.

	"Yeah, and what an awful smell!" another said, her nose screwed up in
disgust. What sympathy the students initially had for Deena appeared to have
evaporated.

	Surprisingly the Doctor came to Deena's defence and admonished the
students. "That's quite enough of that kind of talk. I'd rather smell Deena's
faeces than yours after you've been to the curry house!"

	Nikki, the classroom assistant, had the onerous job of taking the bowl
away while Nurse Jenny wiped up, ready to repeat the process. She began hooking
up the next enema while the doctor continued with his slide show.

	By the time Deena had accommodated her second enema it was time for a
coffee break.

	"OK students we'll take a ten minute break and when we return we can
take a look up Deena's nice clean rectum and colon", the doctor announced. The
lecture hall soon emptied amid noisy conversation. Deena was surprised to notice
that Jenny and Mike had also walked out in search of coffee and a cigarette.

	Deena was alone in the empty lecture theatre, but her colleagues had
kindly left an image on the screen for her to look at. It was the camera view
from the back of the theatre - a sideways-on shot of a naked woman, kneeling in
a doggie position, a bulge in her belly, the enema device at one end, her face
held rigidly forward looking like as if she had a cigarette in her mouth.
'Chained like an animal', Deena thought angrily, then realised that she'd never
seen an animal quite so cruelly treated. 'I'm not going to cry. I'm not going to
cry. I'm a brave girl. I'm not going to cry." she repeated like a mantra, as she
felt a cramping pain in her belly.

	After perhaps five long minutes of misery Deena noticed someone with red
hair walking towards her. It was Nikki.

	"Hi Deena, how are you doing?", she ruffled Deena's hair playfully. "Aw,
don't cry Deena, here, let me wipe your eyes with a tissue. You don't want
people to see you're crying. I think you're doing great for a first day." She
sat down beside Deena and took a slurp of coffee. "If it's any consolation,
you've got some fans amongst the students, particularly a few of the lads. I
just overheard some of them chatting about how sexy you looked and the girls
thought you very brave so don't disappoint them now.... Only another hour to go,
then I'm going to take you guys for lunch. You must be starving."

	The intubator tube was now so rigid within her that Deena could only nod
by dipping her whole body forward.

	Mike and Jenny returned to the lecture stage with their plastic cups of
coffee. "How are you feeling, Deena?" Jenny asked sympathetically, while
stroking the girl's forehead.

	Deena made a strange angry sound and glared her angry eyes at the nurse,
as if to say "How the hell do you think I feel?" She hated Jenny at that moment,
yet somehow sensed the nurse's kindness. How is it, she thought, that Nurse
Jenny was her tormentor and her saviour and friend at the same time?

	"While Nikki's here, let's have this enema out of you and get cleaned up
before the students get back. You should be clean enough for the demonstration."
Nurse Jenny suggested. "Are you ready to go? Deena? Nikki?"

	Ten minutes later the lecture recommenced. Deena was feeling better, not
to mention cleaner, although becoming tired of the rigid position of her body
and head.

	The Doctor held out his next piece of equipment. "This is a
gastro-endoscope, one of Sonitsu's finest products. Using its auto sensors it
will slip easily down Deena's intubator tube. I just insert the first part in
the tube like so...and down it goes. Quite painless, of course." A thin wire
trailed from the front of Deena's mouth to a control panel.

	"From this control panel I can steer the endoscope within Deena's
stomach. The lighting on this model is fantastic. As you can see the stomach is
almost empty but for a little chyme. This little girl will be feeling quite
hungry soon!"

	Even Deena was fascinated by images from within her stomach. She was
pleased to notice the doctor's cane was only being used to point to things on
the screen and not to strike her. She wanted to keep it that way.

	"This very special endoscope also has the ability to take a sample for a
biopsy." Dr Britten explained enthusiastically. "Watch the screen closely and
you will see a tiny arm extend and cut a small piece out of Deena's stomach
lining. All I do is instruct the device with the control panel and it makes the
cut by itself."

	Deena expected to feel a nipping pain as she witnessed the action on the
screen but she felt nothing. The doctor explained that there were no nerve
endings in the stomach, so this procedure was totally painless. That part of the
demonstration ended after they took a quick look into Deena's small intestine.

-oOo-

	The final demonstration of the morning session was the anal-endoscope,
or what was called an 'endosnake' due to its method of self propulsion within
the body. The screen showed once again the nurse's latex gloved fingers gently
lubricating Deena's anal opening. This time Deena held perfectly still as
Jenny's finger tested the anal sphincter. Dr Britten held up the next device to
the audience.

	"This beautiful endosnake is the big brother of the one we just used in
Deena's stomach. It contains the most advanced auto-sensing motion motors in the
world."  The screen showed Mike holding what looked like a dead metallic snake
about four feet long and half an inch wide.

	It was one thing to have soapy water poured into your anus, but a metal
snake with a mind of its own! Deena closed her eyes tightly to avoid staring at
the frightening image on the screen. She just couldn't help wimpering and
trembling as she awaited its invasion. Once again she was struck sharply on the
thigh by the doctor's cane. At least he didn't feel it necessary to comment this
time. The humiliating public chastisements were somehow worse than the actual
swipes of the cane!

	At first Deena thought that Jenny had pushed her finger inside her
again, but as the 'finger' kept pushing forward she realised the endosnake had
its 'head' in her rectum. It wasn't cold as she'd expected and moved gently but
inexorably forward within her.

	The Doctor gave a commentary: "If you look at the screen now you'll see
the endosnake's progress. Notice the change of surface as it enters the sigmoid
colon, so-called because of the 'S' shape. This endosnake steers through these
bends with no discomfort for the patient. Now we are going through the
descending colon. Beautiful pictures aren't they?" He paused for a moment to
dwell on the wonders of the human body.

	Deena opened her eyes and was increasingly fascinated by the metal
snake's journey through her large intestine. It actually felt kind of nice
moving inside her, Deena reluctantly admitted.

	"Next we have the transverse colon.... we're right by Deena's belly
button here ..... now we turn into the descending colon on the right hand side
of her belly. Isn't that fantastic?... We finish in the cecum, which is the
widest part of the intestine, and right there is Deena's appendix, looking very
good. It may not look like much to you students, but I can assure you these
pictures show Deena is the picture of good health. Proving that our model is
beautiful inside as well as outside!" Deena still hated the Doctor but couldn't
help but be flattered by his words.

	The endosnake slowly wriggled its way back out of Deena, and she began
to feel very nice indeed - her body pulsing with pleasure, better even than when
the snake was going in! 'This damn thing is turning me on!' Deena thought,
desperately trying to stay quiet to avoid another swipe of the Doctor's cane.

	The doctor continued: "Although Deena is hiding it well, the endosnake
has been designed to give a pleasant relaxing experience to the patient. It's a
known fact that happy responsive patients heal quicker and better. The patient
of today can look forward to their treatments without fear and worry. No longer
do sick people have to endure painful procedures that merely compound their
suffering. The endosnake is just one of many devices designed to make people
feel good about their next visit to hospital.

	Dr Britten wrapped up the lecture with a short question and answer
session and a summary of the morning's demonstrations. Jenny was quietly packing
away the endoscopes, while Deena remained in position, still with the intubation
tube in place.

	The Doctor addressed the students with some parting words: "We hope to
see you all this afternoon for the 'Physiology of Sexual Response' where once
again Deena will be our model."

	The lecture finished to appreciative applause which rapidly faded at the
students emptied the hall and ran off to beat the dining hall rush.

End of Chapter 2
to be continued soon ;-)
(Thank you to the readers who wrote encouraging me to continue writing this
story.)




3. Afternoon Lecture, Pleasure and Pain
(Deena on Display)

	Dr Mike Britten and Nurse Jenny started to clear up the equipment from
the morning lecture.

	"Okay ladies, are we ready to go to lunch?" Mike enquired, having taken
care of his electronic instruments.

	Nurse Jenny and Nikki, the classroom assistant, looked up from the box
they were packing. "Ready!" they shouted in unison.

	"Uhhhhhhhh!" Deena called out in panic, almost fainting with hunger. She
had been chained on her hands and knees for several hours, head facing forward,
virtually immobile, because of the intubator down her throat as if she were a
sword swallower. She didn't care if the Doctor hit her with his damn stick! She
was planning to resign from this job as soon as they ungagged her.

	"Did anyone else just hear a noise?" Mike enquired of Jenny and Nikki.
All three stopped for a moment of silence.

	Just then they heard it again: "Uhhhhhhhhh!"

	"Oh god, we nearly forgot about Deena!" Jenny shrieked, in a pretend
panic, wearing a wicked smile Deena couldn't see from her position. But Deena
could hear her supposed colleagues laughing just a couple of feet away behind
her.

	"Sorry honey, it was just our little joke." Jenny explained, while
carefully peeling off the strips of surgical tape from Deena's mouth. Doctor
Mike gently extracted the rigid intubator tube from Deena's throat while she
tried to keep herself perfectly still. What a relief it was to have that thing
out of her belly!

	They soon had Deena back on her feet, and Nikki eagerly volunteered to
fasten Deena's dress back on her. She was very impressed with the way it could
be taken off and put back on without removing Deena's chains. Nikki thought she
could use a dress like that!

	"Deena, you were fantastic!" Nikki enthused as she joined up Velcro tabs
at Deena's hips and shoulders.

	 Jenny nodded in agreement. "Yes, she did very well for the first time."

	"And my last time! I want to go to prison now." Deena corrected them,
rage building within her. "You just can't treat people like this. It's
degrading." Her face sported a delightful huffy scowl.

	"Actually, we can do as we please. You've signed up for the Offenders
Re-education Program." Dr. Mike informed her. "If you back out of the program
the court could double your prison sentence."

	He led the way to the door. "Come on everybody, let's go for lunch, I
expect Deena is starving. Maybe she'll stop being so stupid when she has some
food in her belly."

	Deena planted her feet to the spot where she stood. "Now I have to sit
in a busy dining hall in these chains?" She shook her manacled hands causing her
chains to rattle. "Why do you keep embarrassing me like this?" Her voice was
cracking up, and her eyes moistening with tears.

	"Young lady! YOU were the one caught for drink driving! Maybe you'll
consider the consequences next time. The law is the law!" He bit back at her,
having had more than enough of the girl's complaining.

	Jenny put a comforting arm around Deena as they made their way to the
dining hall. "Come on Deena, lift up your ankle chain so it doesn't drag along
when you walk, and let's wipe your eyes again. Dr Britten can be very mean
sometimes, but he's a nice person really. We'll just sit in the corner of the
dining hall where no-one will notice us, and have a nice relaxed lunch break."

	It was the peak lunch period and the dining hall was packed, noisy with
exuberant youthful conversation and the clattering of crockery. Any thoughts of
a quiet lunch-break were rapidly abandoned. Mike and Jenny went to queue for the
food while Nikki and Deena searched for a free table.

	Deena followed Nikki's instruction to smile as they walked arm in arm
past busy and noisy tables.  Nikki's dyed red hair and punkish appearance
attracted enough stares on a normal day, but escorting a scantily dressed and
chained-up girl, they became the focus of attention. Whistles and catcalls
accompanied them as they walked the length of the dining hall.

	"Hey Deena, why don't I stick something you'd really enjoy up your
arse?" an idiot called out from one table.

	"You'd better wipe your mummy's juices off it first!" Nikki shot back,
sticking out her pierced tongue at him. They were too far down the aisle before
the speechless guy could think of another wisecrack.

	Deena and Nikki finally reach a vacant table. "College kids can be so
juvenile" Nikki said to comfort Deena. "You have to learn how to handle them.
Actually I think many of them admire you. After all, you do look kinda sexy in
your chains and little slave-girl dress. Some of the female students were
gossiping about how it must feel to be chained up like that, and how it feels to
have that scopy thing up your bum. They were really quite excited by it."

	"You've got to be kidding!" Deena said, feeling awkward about
contradicting the street-wise Nikki. "How can you say that anyone wants to be
put in chains and be treated like I was this morning?"

	Nikki smiled. She sensed that Deena was not well versed in the ways of
the world. "Well... maybe not exactly like that! But lots of women have
fantasies about being a slave-girl, kept in chains, exposed in public or having
someone exploring and probing their bodies. Even to be whipped or spanked."

	Deena made a derisive laugh at the suggestion. "I've had enough of all
of those things this morning and I don't recommend it! I mean, how would you
like it done to you?"

	"Oh, I wouldn't mind it so much. I kinda like it when my boyfriend ties
me up and spanks me!" Nikki gave Deena one of her provocative smiles.

	"Yeah, very funny!" Deena didn't want to believe that was true.

	"I'm serious! You mean you've never had a boyfriend that did that stuff
to you?"

	Deena shook her head, eyes cast down towards the table. She almost felt
ashamed to admit her lack of experience.

	Mike and Jenny arrived with laden trays carrying the four meals. Both
were completely at ease in the student environment. Dr Britten, an academic, was
immune to the commotion of student dining halls; while Nurse Jenny appeared to
revel in the admiring glances and banter generated by her sexy nurse's uniform.

	Jenny unlocked Deena's handcuffs and their starving model immediately
started devouring her food, scarcely noticing what she was eating.

	Over the duration of their lunch Deena calmed down, feeling well fed and
none the worse from the morning's activities. She agreed to complete their
appointments for the rest of the week, provided that Dr Mike stopped 'being
mean' to her. The Doctor agreed to her demand, knowing that she was in no
position to enforce it.

	By the time they'd had dessert and a coffee Deena had forgotten her
earlier tantrums and felt braced enough to tackle whatever the afternoon would
throw at her. They promised her it would be more fun than the morning lecture.

-oOo-

	Deena soon found out how different the afternoon session was compared to
the morning. Different, but no less embarrassing!

	Before the students arrived for the lecture Deena was already fixed into
her first position. She was lying on a bench with her ankles raised in stirrups,
thin leather 'retaining' straps ensured her feet stayed comfortable in the
stirrups. Her normal chains and cuffs were removed but only to be replaced by
'built-in' shackles at each side of the bench. In addition, she was blindfolded
with a thin strip of black velvet tied neatly around her head.

	Dr Britten, ever the perfectionist, already had a camera focused on her
exposed vulva. A three foot high image of it twitched and trembled on the
screen, leaving the incoming students in no doubt about the subject of the
afternoon's lecture.

	"Good afternoon students, and welcome back to the second of today's
lectures. As you can see Deena is ready for the show so let's begin...

	"Take a look at the screen and tell me what you see...What is it
called?" The students needed no further invitation and randomly shouted out some
names.

	"Pussy!"
	"Labia!"
	"Sex!"	
	"Cunt!" (laughter from the students)
	"Vagina!"
	"Vulva!"
	"Snatch!"
	"Fanny!"
	"Fuckhole!" (even more laughter from the students!)

	The Doctor spoke. "Nurse Jenny, please pull back Deena's labia so that
we can see her... ahem... 'fuckhole' more closely." The students chuckled at the
Doctor's chosen description.

	To avoid getting in the way of the camera's view the nurse hitched up
her skirt and straddled Deena's body, facing her legs. Attentive students caught
a tantalizing glimpse of a bare upper thigh and garters above the nurse's white
stocking tops. An occupational hazard of wearing a short skirt, but all part of
the fun for Jenny.

	Deena could feel Jenny's latex-covered fingers on her labia and the
truth dawned on her: The hall full of students was studying her pussy on the
screen.

	"No, please don't do that!" Deena pleaded meekly with the Nurse. Jenny
continued to tenderly rub her fingers along Deena's labia. "Oh God, no!" she
said in no more than a whisper, ashamed that the nurse could so easily arouse
her.

	"Quiet please Deena, I'm trying to explain something!" the Doctor
shouted out, then his stick smacked against the back of her upturned thighs.
Deena yelped. The stinging blow hurt her even more than being caned on the side
of the leg.

	The Doctor paused to regain his thread and turned back to the students.
"Sorry about this, Deena's new, and still a little shy!" He explained in her
defence. "Now, where was I...."

	Nurse Jenny continued to lovingly stroke Deena's labia while the
patient's wrists tugged helplessly against the chains and shackles. Deena's
fingers felt the oddly reassuring stocking-clad thighs of the nurse's legs
straddling her, making the nurse smile. Her ministrations had the desired
effect, Deena seemed to surrender to the nurse's expert touch, and knew she was
beaten yet again. Thank heavens that the blindfold hid her shame.

	Having seen the image on the screen the Doctor continued. "With Nurse
Jenny holding open Deena's labia minora we have a good view of her vulva.
There's her clitoris, only just visible." (Right on cue Jenny pulled back the
skin of the prepuce to give the students better view of the little nubbin.)
"There's Deena's urethral opening which we explored this morning, and within
that lovely soft flesh is her vagina. That's where we are going next...

	"The first device I will be demonstrating today is the vaginoscope. 
This model has two pieces. The first section is essentially a modern version of
a speculum."

	Nurse Jenny was busy applying a lubricant to the device before handing
it to the Doctor. Unlike old-style steel specula with a lever handle this one
was of the expanding tube variety, made of plastic.

	"I shall now gently insert the speculum into Deena's vagina." As he
stood in the gap between her legs the camera mixing console switched
automatically to the overhead view so the students could follow the insertion
procedure on the big screen. Deena stayed perfectly still while it slipped
smoothly into her pussy.

	The Doctor briefly address his patient. "How does that feel, Deena?"

	"It feels okay, Sir." She responded truthfully, not knowing why she
addressed him as  'Sir'... It just came out that way. It seemed as if the
speculum was growing larger within her, pushing firmly outwards against the
walls of her vagina.  But its fullness felt nice, she had to admit it.

	The Doctor continued his lecture. "Once inside the patient, this
speculum automatically expands to provide a wide opening within Deena's vagina.
Now...if I focus this mini camera through the central hole of speculum we can
see Deena's cervix. Isn't that nice? Looks almost like the head of a penis I
always think...

	"Some mucus is obscuring the opening of the uterus, my guess is that
Deena will be ovulating in the next few days. Our next instrument, this probe,
will give us more precise measure of this event."

	He held up the probe, which predictably given it's function, looked like
a small penis; except with a metallic flange at its base. "Don't be deceived by
the apparent simplicity. It may look like the dildo you have in your bedroom but
that's the only similarity. This device contains a sophisticated array of
exploratory instruments that I will shortly demonstrate on our patient." He
could see Deena shudder as he said those words.
	
	The Doctor introduced the six inch long device into the speculum's two
inch diameter circular opening. The base of the unit made a precise and very
audible click as it locked onto the base of the speculum. The video screen
showed the inside of Deena's vagina with amazing clarity. "Now I'll rotate the
base a few times, this will elongate the probe within the vagina."

	Deena panicked as she felt the probe pushing against her cervix. "No.
No. It's too big, Sir!" Her ineffectual pleading had no effect.

	"Hush now Deena! Try to relax, it's just moving into position," the
Doctor responded in what for him was a kindly manner.

	Nurse Jenny already had situation under control. She pushed a large
sponge-like ball into Deena's mouth and smoothed some medical tape over her
lips. "Sorry sweetie, it's for your own good. You know how irritated the Doctor
becomes when he is interrupted."

	The Doctor let Deena become accustomed to the device within her for a
few moments before continuing. Blindfolded, chained to the bench, and now
gagged, all served to concentrate Deena's thoughts on the feelings deep within
her. She kept expecting it to hurt, but it didn't. Quite the contrary in fact!

	"Now you can observe the extendible camera moving through Deena's cervix
and into her uterus. A magnificent view isn't it."

	Deena whimpered quietly, her hands tugging repeatedly on the chains that
fixed them to the side of the bench. The belt still firmly pinned her hips to
the bench, defeating all her instinctive attempts at fighting off her intruder
within.

	"Now we can watch the Intra-Uterine Inseminator in action. It is
releasing a pellet of washed sperm. This has a 250% greater chance of achieving
fertilisation than normal intercourse. Until the Western world's male sperm
count improves, most pregnancies will continue to be attained with technology
like this."

	The Doctor fiddled with the video console. "That's a good view of the
sperm right there!" He announced excitedly, seeing the mass of wriggling motions
on the screen.  "Fantastic isn't it? We'll just leave the impregnator running
while I show you this recent documentary."

	To Deena's consternation, the thing was gently vibrating. It was like
being tickled deep inside her belly, and no amount of squirming on her part
could do anything to relieve herself from its insidious torment. She became
oblivious to the Doctor and  public surroundings as her mind and body became
obsessed with her battle against the mechanical invader.

	The video screen showed the documentary: A ward, or laboratory, where
several young women laid on bench-beds similar to Deena's. Like Deena they had
their hands secured to the side of the bed and a strap holding the hips firmly
to the bed. Between the 'stirrupped' legs of the women was a small machine fixed
to the bench. There was no doubt that the women were being penetrated and
stimulated by the machines. Even on the video recording the gentle hum of the
equipment was unmistakable.

	"Here we can see a ward at the Institute of Human Insemination.
Volunteers like Deena are testing the effectiveness of the very latest
insemination equipment. The researchers can monitor each aspect from the
inducement of ovulation to the fertilisation of the egg. Thanks to the
pioneering work of this institute your generation now have an excellent chance
of achieving conception."

	While Deena quietly continued her struggles with the inseminator, the
Doctor announced it was time for an afternoon coffee break. The remark was
followed by the familiar scramble of students dashing out to the beverage
machine.

	"Oops, I forgot to switch off the inseminator!" The Doctor whispered to
the nurse while reaching for the unit between Deena's legs. He switched it off
and waited a few moments for the probes to withdraw from her uterus. When the
unit beeped at him he started to unscrew the inseminator. "Looks like Deena was
enjoying that." He winked at the nurse.

	Deena might have been interested to learn that the device was on the 'no
orgasm' setting. That would explain the probe's seemingly erratic behaviour. It
was designed to stimulate but not-over-stimulate leaving her feeling like she
had unfinished business with that probe!

	Much to Deena's relief the nurse peeled the tape from her mouth and
retrieved the sopping wet sponge that had so effectively silenced her. The
Doctor meanwhile had removed Deena's inseminator and speculum.

	"How did that feel?" Nurse Jenny asked her as she removed Deena's
blindfold and unshackled her from the bench.

	Deena was reluctant to answer. "It didn't hurt...." she offered
guardedly, feeling 'kinda nice' about the thing she had inside her for the last
hour. Recalling the topic of the lecture she became concerned about something.
"Jenny. I won't get pregnant will I?"

	Jenny laughed and looked at her kindly. "No of course not Deena. We've
taken care of that for you."

	Nikki returned to the lecture floor with a tray of drinks. Deena was
pleased to be joining the Doctor, Jenny and Nikki for a cup of coffee, although
she was only permitted a cold drink. 'Got to keep you cool' they explained
cryptically. Despite the restrictions and the absolute control they exerted over
her, Deena was beginning to feel like part of the team.

-oOo-

	They had fifteen minutes to prepare Deena for the 3pm lecture. Nurse
Jenny placed a strange metallic mesh cap on her head. It was a tight fit and
Deena could feel it digging into her scalp. "This monitors your brainwaves,"
Jenny explained to her.

	The nurse put a black cloth over the mesh cap and tied it tightly around
Deena's head so that it not only concealed the mesh cap but also served as a
blindfold. A thin white cable trailed downwards from the cap and the Nurse fixed
it to the side of Deena's upper arm with a single wrap of 1" surgical tape. She
then taped the wire it in position on Deena's thigh and calf in the same way,
like a lightening cable on the side of a building. The cable then snaked along
the floor and plugged into the Doctor's control panel.

	"There we are Deena! You're all wired up and Dr Mike is testing the
signals from your brain." She handcuffed Deena's hands behind her back. "Need to
keep your hands away from the wiring." The nurse always had a reason for keeping
Deena in chains!

	"Nikki, would you remove Deena's dress please!" The Doctor called out
without even raising his eyes from the control panel.

	Nikki gladly obliged, taking great delight at the ripping of Velcro
before the wispy white dress was in her hands. and Deena was naked once more.

	"Now Deena, I'm going to put the ear-pieces in. You'll be able to hear
Dr Mike talking to you through the microphone in a second." The nurse pushed the
plug-like devices into Deena's ears so they were barely visible to the casual
observer. Deena's world became silent as well as dark.

	"Deena, can you hear me?" It was the Doctor's voice in the ear-pieces.

	"Ow! Too loud!" Deena cried out.

	The Doctor slid down the volume control "Sorry! How is it now? Not too
loud? "

	"That's fine." Deena nodded.

	"Now we have to calibrate the sensors. Please stay quiet and concentrate
on what I say."

	The Doctor sat at the Encephalographic Analyzer screen and touched the
'calibrate' button. He read out the questions that appeared on the screen.

	"Deena, I want you think about your Sacha, your dog ...." The Doctor
studied the tri-dimensional topographic image on the control panel. The unit
beeped and the words 'Response Verified' flashed at the top of his screen.

	"Excellent....now think about your mum........(beep) very good. Now
think of something that makes you angry...(beep). Wow, that was an easy one!

	"Okay, Next I want you to think about a guy you fancy......." (ten
seconds elapsed.) "Come on, we don't have all day......(beep) Fine that'll do.
Now think about what you like to do when you're making love........( another
lengthy pause, then beep) that's fine.

	"For this one you must think about an incident that was embarrassing for
you."

	"Like this morning maybe?" Deena asked cheerfully, she was beginning to
enjoy this little game.

	The Doctor was not amused. "For heaven's sake Deena. Be quiet! I can't
get the readings if you are talking. Please concentrate! Think of something
embarrassing....(beep) okay that's perfect."

	Dr Mike couldn't resist posing one last question of his own. "Deena, I
want you to think about me."

	The topographic display of Deena's brain signals pulsed with activity,
but after a pause of ten seconds the unit timed out. The display flashed
'Response Unusable.' Dr Mike touched the 'More Details' button and studied the
analysis. He smiled contentedly.

	"Nice try Deena, but this machine says that you don't really hate me!"
He studied the results. The pie-chart display showed anger, respect, trust and
fear. There was also a distinct measure of physical attraction he was pleased to
observe!

	"Okay Deena, the analyzer shows that you do actually have a brain,
although at times I wondered. Jenny, can you put the spreader bar on Deena's
ankles, the girl seems incapable of standing still for more than a few moments
at a time."

	The nurse rummaged in a storage box and found a 12" steel bar with a
leather cuff at each end. She knelt down and fixed them on Deena's ankles.

	With her hands cuffed in steel behind her back and her ankles held apart
she couldn't help but recall an awful event a couple of months ago. The worst
day of her life...

	It was her birthday, so Deena went to the pub with her colleagues after
they finished work. It was a warm summer day and everybody said how lovely she
looked, with her ultra-short summer dress that showed off her shapely tanned
legs. Her colleagues bought her a couple of drinks but she was unaware the two
vodka and oranges were both double measures. Her parents had a 21st birthday
party waiting for her, so after quickly downing her second drink she left the
pub in a cheery mood eager to return home.

	While she was driving home along quiet country roads she turned a bend
and was confronted by an oncoming car on her side of the road, trying to
overtake another vehicle. There was no way it could make it in time. In an
instant Deena had to choose between a head-on collision with the car, or driving
off the road to avoid it. Instinctively she did the latter, her car colliding
into an oak tree a moment later.

	The airbags fired off, saving her from injury and the car safety system
automatically alerted the emergency services. The other cars, the cause of her
misfortune disappeared into the distance behind her, blissfully unaware of
Deena's fate.

	A police patrol car arrived on the scene within minutes. Deena was
already out of her car, unharmed but dazed. The policeman immediately thrust an
electronic breathalyzer between her lips and looked at the digital readout.

	"Come with me," the policeman took her by the arm, escorting her to his
patrol car. "Lean forward across the bonnet."

	She did as he instructed, and felt him gently kicking her feet apart.
Her soft breasts were squashed into the warm metal beneath her.

	"Hands behind your back!"

	The policeman's hands gripped her slender wrists and Deena heard the
smooth clicking of the handcuffs as they closed upon her. The grip of his hands
was replaced by that of cool steel. That first futile tug of her hands against
the unyielding handcuffs became etched in her memory. Bent forward across the
patrol car's bonnet, with her dress riding up her hips, her white panties became
visible to the gathering crowd of onlookers.

	"Jesus, why do the young ones where such short skirts?" The policeman
said, tugging down the hemline of her dress. Then he patted her ass kindly and
started to dispel the crowd.

	"Come on folks, nothing to see here. Just another foolish drunk driver!"

	That's when it really hit Deena. She came out of her state of shock
following the crash, and entered a state of despair. The penalty for drinking
under the influence of alcohol was severe and she knew in trouble.

	Now, two months later she was without a car and without a job and this
was officially the first day of her punishment. This physical reminder of that
awful day was the cause of the quiet tears streaming down her cheeks.

-oOo-

	The Doctor waited a few more moments for the students to resume their
seats and quiet down.

	"Welcome back for the final lecture of the day. As you can see our
lovely model Deena is ready to begin. We've cuffed her hands behind her to give
you an unobstructed view of her body while we run a spectrum analysis scan. She
is wearing ear-phones and right now she is listening to some very nice sensual
sounds. To enable her to concentrate she will only hear what I want her to
hear."

	Some music came through the P.A. The same as Deena could hear through
her ear-pieces. It was a kind of ambient 'whale music' that had been formulated
to evoke a relaxed and sensual state in the listener.

	Deena stood quietly and waited, enjoying the calming music in her
ear-pieces. The sideways-view and near-perfect posture of Deena's naked body
captivated many in the audience. The screen displayed the outline of her
profile, although the picture was actually a thermal image. Red for the warmest
parts, down to yellow for the coolest, most noticeable her feet and hands.

	"Now we will test the effects of various stimuli on Deena's body. The
signs of sexual arousal are varied and now we will illustrate some of them.

	"For example, what would happen if I kissed her shoulder?" He walked
over to stand behind Deena and kissed her shoulder softly. She jumped,
momentarily shocked, unable to hear the noises around her. Then she smiled once
she realised what had happened. Next her kissed her on the neck. Deena smiled
again.

	"Now I'm going to touch her breasts." He stood behind her, reached
around and tenderly cupped the underside of a breast in hand, his fingers
finding and teasing her nipples. "As you can see on the display Deena finds this
arousing, her pulse rate is increasing, body temperature is rising and her skin
is flushing slightly. Much as I would like to carry on kissing and caressing her
I need to continue the lecture. So please may I have a male volunteer from the
audience." The Doctor smiled as he saw a forest of male arms shoot skywards.

	A handsome young man was quickly chosen, and applauded to the stage by
his friends. With a broad grin on his face he announced his name to the
audience.

	"OK Alan, thanks for being the brave volunteer in this experiment. Do
you know what you have to do?"

	"Kiss her, I hope!" Alan grinned, full of youthful confidence, eyeing up
Deena's luscious body a few feet in front of him.

	"Luckily for you, you're right. Do you think you can give Deena a nice
sensuous kiss? Please don't use you hands as you'll obscure the displays."

	He stood in front of the Deena as directly and held his hands together
behind his back. He nervously swallowed as he studied the face below her
blindfolded eyes. Her cute nose with nostrils flaring and those sweet puffy
kissable lips. Her naked breasts too were fantastic: Shapely, with upturned
nipples, as if yearning for his attention.

	He'd never got this turned on before he'd even kissed a girl. Perhaps it
was the blindfold and handcuffs she wore? He even loved that shiny security
collar around her neck.

	The noisy excitement in the lecture hall subsided into one of breathless
and silent anticipation as Alan moved in on Deena's lips. He could feel his
heart pounding. Deena felt Alan's warm breath a moment before his lips made
contact. A first delicate tentative touch soon becoming stronger, Deena's lips
opened willingly to him. Whoever he was, he tasted nice! Then his hands reached
out to lightly hold her arms.

	"Stop! Stop right now!" The Doctor was furious. "How can I carry out a
lecture if your hands are interfering with the displays?...Nurse Jenny will help
you to control yourself."

	Alan's fellow students twitched noisily in their seats, bubbling with
anticipation as Nurse Jenny approached him, a pair of handcuffs dangling from
her index finger. He looked at her incredulously, not believing what was about
to happen.

	"Come on Alan, it won't hurt," the nurse cajoled him. He obediently
moved his hands behind his back and the nurse confidently snicked the cuffs on
him. She always enjoyed putting handcuffs on handsome young students like Alan!
The raucous applause of Alan's fellow students., made him wonder if he'd ever be
allowed to forget this experience.

	At least he got another chance to kiss Deena again. She stood
motionless, blind and deaf to the commotion around her, waiting, she hoped for
another loving kiss. He mouth met hers again. Both tugged involuntarily against
the handcuffs that were preventing their chaste kissing from becoming a
passionate embrace. If the first kiss was great, this second one was
spectacular, that helpless and restrained naked girl seemed to have captured him
with her lips. The erotic charge between them filled the air. The students
shifted uncomfortably on the edge of their seats, all eyes riveted on the
kissing couple.

	The Doctor fiddled with his video controls, changing the screen's image.
Screams of delight burst from the girls in the audience while the guys laughed
and cheered at the picture. The thermal and blood-flow imaging camera produced a
vivid thermal image of Alan's fully erect cock within his trousers. The poor (or
should that be 'lucky') guy was by then as oblivious of the audience as the
blindfolded Deena.
	
	The Doctor was pleased with the performance of his subjects. He
continued the lecture: "You'll have already observed the blood flow to one
particular part of Alan's anatomy. Notice also the flushing of the skin on both
subjects as they become aroused, it can vary in location and degree from person
to person but typically occurs over much of the torso and face. Deena's nipples
have hardened and increased in size. Her breasts too, will have increased in
size during arousal."

	"Now I'll switch to Deena's brain scan. That's Deena brain on the screen
now. Her 'pleasure centre' is concentrated around the hypothalamus. Increased
activity denoting sexual arousal and happiness is highlighted in orange; so you
see that Deena's day had not been without its highlights. Next we need to break
up the lovers and show how pain is registered within the brain."

	After their lengthy and increasingly passionate kissing Nurse Jenny
managed to prise the lovers apart. Alan offered up her his cuffed wrists
expected her to unlock him but the nurse had others ideas. "Not just yet Alan,
we may need to keep you ready for later," she said, giving him a saucy wink. He
sat down at the side of the stage, horny, frustrated, embarrassed and in love!
His gaze fixed longingly on Deena's naked body.

	"Now we shall look at the flip side to Deena's pleasure: Pain, and how
we can control it. First we need to cause our patient a little pain... Nurse
Jenny, would you please administer the cane to Deena's backside."

	The Doctor then switched his microphone setting to give Deena a quiet
word of warning through her ear-pieces. "Deena, I'm going to strike you with the
cane several times as part of the demonstration. Don't make a fuss or I'll
punish you later. Do you understand?"

	Deena nodded.

	Moments later Nurse Jenny landed the first sharp blow on her rump. Much
harder that the light taps that the Doctor had given her earlier. Deena
whimpered, trying to be brave, and stifled her urge to cry out. Further stinging
blows followed, illustrating that the Nurse was very adept with a cane. Deena
managed to stand still, the little spreader bar between her ankles helping her
to maintain her position. Alan realised that keeping him secured in handcuffs
was to prevent him from coming to Deena's aid during her caning. He was
powerless to prevent Deena's punishment as each successive strike seemed to get
harder.

	The Doctor explained to the students the effect of the blows, and how
Deena's neurochemistry of natural opioids and endorphins was helping her cope
with it. "As you can see the patterns of pain are very different from the
pleasure response you saw earlier. Although I do detect a small pleasure
response from the caning. Pain received within particular psychological contexts
can be interpreted as pleasure in many cases. This is common to all of us,
although it is most popularly associated with masochists. You may be interested
to note that Deena shows signs of undeveloped masochistic tendencies."

	"Mankind has used opiates to suppress pain for hundreds of years, but we
can also suppress pain through electrical means. The mesh cap Deena is wearing
can administer non-invasive pain-relieving pulses. I'm now going to switch that
on. Watch carefully, you will see a very different reaction from Deena...Nurse,
administer five more strokes of the cane!" He turned a knob on his control
panel.

	Jenny took very evident pleasure in landing five more strokes on Deena's
buttocks. This time the nurse's pleasure was matched by Deena's - the girl was
smiling, and the screen showed her brain response remarkably similar to when
Alan was kissing her!

	Observing Deena's enjoyment at her supposed punishment, the students
cheered and applauded, counting out loud as the nurse continued to apply the
cane.

	That was the finale of the lecture. The Doctor gave a brief summary of
the day's activities, extolling the job satisfaction and pleasures of a career
in medicine. Everybody knew it wasn't the whole story but the lecture fulfilled
its brief of providing a 'lively demonstration illustrating human anatomy and
modern medical technologies'.

	After taking questions from the hall, the lecture ended. Students
loitered around inspecting some of the equipment and chatting to Nurse Jenny.
They made sure all the students including the lovelorn Alan were shoo'ed from
the hall before removing Deena's headgear.

	"There, that wasn't too bad, was it?" Nurse Jenny asked Deena while
cutting free the white cable that was taped to her arm and leg.

	"It was okay, I guess, although my bum hurts a little. Dr Mike really
hit me hard with that cane!"

	The nurse finally released Deena from the handcuffs. "Yeah, he's a mean
son-of-a-bitch sometimes," she whispered sympathetically, "but don't worry,
tonight I'll put something on you that will sooth all your pains away."

	To Deena's delight, Dr Mike told her to get dressed. Not in that
slave-girl outfit, as she had taken to calling it, but in her normal street
clothes! Her suitcase was already on the stage waiting for her. She selected a
bra and matching panties, jeans, a tee-shirt and a sweater and was soon dressed
and feeling normal again. By the time she'd brushed her hair and fixed it in a
pony-tail the packing-up was all done.

	When the van was loaded and fond goodbyes shared with Nikki, there was
just one more thing to do. This time Deena didn't even grumble as Nurse Jenny
placed the prisoner's belly chain around her waist and clicked the cuffs around
her wrists and ankles.

	Once again, Deena sat in middle seat of the van, Dr Mike driving and
Nurse Jenny in the passenger seat. It had been a successful day and, all things
considered, the Doctor was pleased with Deena's contribution. He fired up the
van's hydrogas engine and they were back on the road. Tomorrow they would be in
another college, performing the same lecture.

	Her chains gave Deena little choice but to sit with her hands in her
lap. Her fingers pressing down deliberately on her jeans above her crotch. After
the experiences of the day she would have given anything to have the chance of
sticking her hand in her panties for ten minutes!

	Nurse Jenny noticed Deena's actions, slapped her fingers gently and
tutted. "You're not here for fun you know!" The nurse had a rule of her own for
Deena: Strictly no orgasms during the first week. For Deena it would be the
longest most frustrating week of her life.

End of Chapter 3
to be continued
(Thank you so much to the readers who wrote encouraging me to continue writing
this story.)




4. Deena gets a new name
(Deena on Display)

	Tuesday and Wednesday followed the same schedule as Deena's first day.
Prodding and probing, pleasure and pain... in a public place! Deena was
beginning to play her part well: Dr Mike Britten's compliant model, as he
demonstrated the attractions of a career in medicine. With Nurse Jenny's tuition
she was also becoming quite adept at setting up some of the medical equipment.

	Yet, despite Deena's willingness, Dr Britten always seemed to find a
reason to swipe her with his cane during the lectures. It was like a joke, a
little double act done to amuse and retain the attention of the students. It
might have been a source of amusement for others but the cane still hurt Deena
as much as ever!

	Deena's prisoner chains also stayed in place, despite her assurances
that she didn't intend to run away. It was the law, Nurse Jenny reminded her. In
fact, she had become used to the chains, and Dr Mike and the nurse always took
such good care of her that she begun to tolerate her almost continuous bondage.

	On Wednesday evening Dr Mike, Nurse Jenny and Deena, their ever-obedient
patient, arrived at their fourth hotel in four nights. It was another roadside
motel; modern, comfortable but entirely lacking in character. One of hundreds in
the "Easy Virgin" hotel chain that had proliferated when the elderly Richard
Branson finally sold out to Stelios.

	As usual Dr Mike handled the check-in arrangements at the reception desk
while Nurse Jenny and Deena stood chatting amiably at the other side of the
lobby. Despite the long exhausting day Nurse Jenny still managed to look
immaculate in her neat, pale blue, nurse's dress. Deena wore her regular sweater
and jeans, and of course  her prisoner chains, wrist and ankle cuffs connected
by a long chain and held in place by a chain around her belly. Her initial shame
at being displayed in public in such a fashion just a few days ago had been
supplanted by a proud indifference to the stares of other hotel guests.

	The young man behind the reception desk seemed flustered at the sight of
Deena standing across the lobby from him. His eyes kept drifting from attending
to the Doctor, his computer screen then back to Deena. It was understandable;
she was a pretty girl, and he, like many normal males, was aroused by the sight
of a pretty female in chains.

	"...that's right, as I just said. Dr Mike Britten, Jenny Owen and Deena
Wilson!" The short-tempered doctor was becoming irritated by the young man's
dithering.

	"Deena Wilson." The young man said slowly as if playing with the sound
of her name. He looked up again from his computer screen, staring at the two
women chatting a few metres away.

	"I used to go to school with Deena," the young man quietly confessed to
Dr Britten. The Doctor seemed to ignore the comment. "We were only fourteen
years old but she was my girlfriend. Then my family moved up north and I haven't
seen her since."

	Deena, immersed in animated conversation with Nurse Jenny, had not
noticed the young man working behind the reception desk so Dr Britten had
decided to take things into his own hands. He liked reunions, and this one could
be very interesting to observe.

	"Deena!" the Doctor called out. "You need to sign something at
reception."

	Deena obediently shuffled over to the reception desk, her leg-irons
hindering her progress slightly.

	"Sign here." Dr Britten pointed to a space on the form and held out a
pen.

	She tugged upwards on her steel cuffs but they were held by a chain at
waist level and she couldn't raise her hands to desk height. The Doctor was
teasing her again, as she could tell from the rather nice smile he always wore
when he teased her. She liked Dr Mike's smile even though it was often brought
on by some little cruelty at her expense.

	"Okay Deena, don't worry about the signature. The receptionist needs to
take a security photograph so look straight ahead."

	Deena stared straight ahead at the camera and waited for the flash.

	"Don't forget to smile," the receptionist said. "You look even prettier
than I remember you Deena."

	She stared at the receptionist, confused at first by his comment, then a
moment later she recognised him.

	"David!" she whimpered, tears instantly welling in her eyes.. Two wet
lines streamed down the cheeks of her smiling face, and her chained hands could
not reach to wipe them away.

	David hurried around the reception desk, feeling an overwhelming urge to
embrace his childhood sweetheart. But Nurse Jenny blocked his path.

	"Sorry David. Deena is serving a sentence under the British Republic."
The nurse informed him officiously, her palms pushing into his chest holding him
back. "Physical contact with our prisoner is only permitted by authorised
personnel!"

	David backed off, bewildered, leaving a distraught Deena in the nurse's
protective arms.

	"I don't understand. Why is Deena in chains? What's she done?"

	"Don't worry David, she's not a mass murderer, just a little
drink-driving incident and she's helping Dr Britten and me with our lecture tour
instead of going to prison."

	"You're here for the lecture tomorrow?" David asked, realising how all
this was connected.

	"That's right. Human Biology Alive! Deena is our model."

	"I'm a student at the university. I'll be at your lecture." David became
excitable, and much happier knowing that he would be seeing Deena at least one
more time.

	"Well, that's great!" Jenny said with her usual enthusiasm. "I'm sure
you'll enjoy it."

	Deena was aghast, flushed with embarrassment. Tomorrow she would be
paraded like a lab animal, naked in front of hundreds of students including the
only boy she ever loved! Dr Mike, meanwhile, grinned with delight, already
savouring the delicious opportunity that had presented itself. Tomorrow's
lecture would have a particular frisson to it.

	David couldn't take his eyes off Deena. She had grown into such a pretty
young woman, and seeing her locked in those chains had suffused his love with so
much lust and pity that he was almost drowning in desire.

	"If you don't mind, David, could we have our keys now please?" Dr
Britten asked the dazed love-struck receptionist, having reverted to his usual
brusque manner. They headed promptly to their respective rooms. As on the
previous nights Deena shared a twin-bedded room with Nurse Jenny.

-oOo-

	The next morning followed a familiar routine. It started in the hotel
restaurant. A tasty full English breakfast was served up for Mike and Jenny,
while Deena had to make do with a glass of cold water. Deena thought today's
breakfast looked and smelt especially good: Coffee and toast, thick juicy
sausages, a couple of slices of perfect back bacon, fried eggs, sunny-side up of
course, and Deena's favourite: mushrooms. It was torture!

	Today's lecture hall was the biggest they had 'performed' in so far, and
the students of that particular university were notorious for their bad
behaviour. The all-day lecture featuring a naked young woman was a big draw,
causing the hall was packed with 300 noisy enthusiastic students long before the
start. It seemed that the reputation of the Human Biology Alive! program had
preceded them. "Looks like we have a hit on our hands," Dr Britten commented,
clearly delighted with the success of the new lecture format.

	Deena was on the stage, chained into the required all-fours position.
Chin up and facing forward as if 'at attention' due to the intubator down her
throat holding her head and neck rigid.

	The students cheered loudly when Nurse Jenny inserted the enema nozzle
into Deena's anus, and to their credit they gave Deena a round of applause and
whistles when she had accepted the full two quart enema. They were observant too
- noticing Deena's particular hairiness around her anus and the perineum. Deena
closed her eyes tightly as if that would somehow prevent her hearing the
students calling out 'hairy arse'! Cruel but true: and she could see her 'hairy
arse' on the screen in all its glory. Deena wasn't really so hairy but the
large-screen display sure made it seem that way.

	Deena had become used to vocal revulsion from disgusted students that
always accompanied her evacuation of the enema. However, this was the first day
that some of the students actually cheered as the torrent of brown liquid burst
from her anus into the bowl beneath her legs! At one moment they seemed to be on
her side, the next moment they were ridiculing her. After Deena had received and
expelled her enemas the students seemed to settle down and pay attention to the
Doctor's lecture and the central part of the day passed without incident.
Unfortunately the name 'hairy arse' seemed to stick.

	The last session of the day's lecture was the one that the students had
been waiting for. News of the little caning scene had reach the students from
the campuses visited earlier in the week.

	Despite the prior knowledge that their erection might be shown on the
large screen the number of male volunteers with their hands raised was as large
as ever. Dr Mike scanned the forest or outstretched arms looking for a suitable
candidate, before 'randomly' selecting David, the hotel receptionist.

	"What's your name?" The Doctor asked as the young man took the stage.

	"David", the student responded into the microphone, playing along with
the Doctor in giving everyone the impression that the Doctor's choice was
random.

	Nurse Jenny shook her head and tutted disapprovingly, although she had
guessed that Dr Mike might pull a stunt like that. She decided to minimize the
risk of interrrupting the demonstration by clapped David's wrists in handcuffs,
even before the kissing demonstration started. He was slim, with correspondingly
slim wrists, and the nurse enjoyed snicking the handcuffs on him more than
anyone would suppose.

	Meanwhile Deena stood naked, motionless and quietly in her required
position - sideways on to the students. Her shapely breasts and bum shown off to
best effect. Once again she was blindfolded, hands in cuffs behind her, and
ankles linked with a short spreader-bar (which they still maintained was to help
her stand still during the demonstration!) The 'mood' music in her earphones was
all she could hear so Deena was oblivious to the general commotion in the hall
and to the fact that her former sweetheart stood a few inches in front of her.

	Deena felt the young man's firm lips press against hers. His kiss was
strong, passionate and immediately invasive. Wow, he was a good kisser, very
nice indeed, Deena's warm and wet lips willingly responded, and she longed to
wrap her arms around the guy, whoever he was.

	She desperately wanted to believe it was David, but just couldn't be
sure. The David she knew in her mid-teens had never kissed her like this! If it
was David kissing her, she wanted to kiss him back with equal passion. But what
if David was in the audience watching her kissing another boy? While her lips,
and indeed her whole body, responded warmly to David's passionate kissing,
Deena's mind was in wretched turmoil. David, however had no doubts whatsoever!

	The big screen's infrared picture of David's impressive erection
elicited screams of delight and approval from many female students. His
popularity rating amongst the girls rising at much the same angle as his
erection. He'd never again have any trouble finding a willing lay at this
university.

	Meanwhile, a few of the males were muttering something about David only
achieving such an erection because he liked wearing handcuffs. They were already
discussing plans to get their revenge on him!

	It was time for the pleasure and pain demonstration, and Nurse Jenny
administered Deena's ten strokes of the cane as usual. Having a group of
students calling out the number of each stroke didn't hamper her style in the
slightest. Perhaps it encouraged her too much, as her robust thwacks of the cane
on Deena's rear end were leaving bigger welts than usual. Deena, because of the
device sending electrical signals into her brain was enjoying it just the same!

-oOo-

	They were glad to get back to the hotel that evening, and away from the
rowdy and almost menacing students.  It had been a stressful day, particularly
for Deena. This was the first time they had stayed consecutive nights in the
same hotel so it felt good to be in familiar surroundings. Tonight Dr Mike would
take Jenny and Deena out for a nice French restaurant he'd been recommended.

	The first task every evening was to get Deena's sore behind treated.
While Dr Mike sat filling out his reports and catching up on paperwork
(invariably in the hotel bar!) nurse Jenny was applying a special lotion onto
Deena's soundly whacked buttocks. Poor Deena didn't know whether she preferred
the warm throbbing fallout from the caning or the cool but stinging sensation of
the lotion. Its effectiveness was undeniable, an hour or two later the welts and
the pain would have almost disappeared.

	While Nurse Jenny gave Deena's pubic hair a trim, she relented to
Deena's emotional entreaties to know who she had been kissing that afternoon.
The nurse told her, and the sight of Deena's beaming blissfully happy face made
the Nurse glad she relented. Deena then recounted her sweet little story of her
romance with David.

	They were both just fourteen, best friends, but never lovers. His
parents relocated from the south coast to the north of the country. His father
was an engineer working on the suborbital jet that had subsequently replaced the
ageing Concorde. Deena told Jenny how she was upset for months afterwards, and
despite their early exchanges of vid-mails she and David gradually lost touch.
It was an awful period of Deena's life, her school work suffered, so did her
subsequent exam grades. She never made it to university. The more she thought
about it as she spilled out her story to Nurse Jenny, the more Deena became
convinced that David's early departure from her life was the sole cause of her
misery.

	The nurse listened sympathetically while she continued with the trim.
"Turn around Deena, I need to shave your anus and perineum; then we won't have
any more nasty comments from students about your hairy arse!"

	Poor Deena had had a traumatic day. The continual comments about her
hairy arse had been quite upsetting. "Jenny...is my arse really that hairy?" she
asked timidly, glad that she had her back to the nurse as she said it.

	The nurse's delay in responding almost gave Deena the answer she
dreaded. "Well, maybe a little hairier than most, but still perfectly normal.
It's just that most people don't have theirs put on public display. Besides, you
have a really cute bum, and a nicely shaped vulva! Let's get you shaved then
tomorrow we can show the whole world what lovely genitals you have."

	Deena panicked for a moment. "The whole world?"

	"No, sweetie, it was just a figure of speech.  I meant you've got
nothing to be ashamed of."

	The nurse's comment broke Deena's dream from the previous night where
was on display at Wembley Stadium!

	Deena knelt with her knees spread wide on the floor, bare breasts flat
on the plastic sheet the nurse had placed over the bed covers. Jenny had cuffed
her hands and padlocked them to the front of the steel tracking collar. Deena
has gained the distinct impression that the nurse enjoyed locking her in
different positions, but she was always so nice about it and was never mean to
her.

	Nurse Jenny's hands spread open Deena's buttocks, then expertly lathered
and shaved her around her anus and along her perineum. The job was soon done.
Deena liked how the nurse touched her, and when Jenny's finger ran smoothly over
her new hairless crease she gave an involuntary shiver of delight.

	The nurse stepped away to admire the young woman's shapely ass, and the
red stripes of the cane slowly fading into the skin. Nurse Jenny felt quite
proud of her work. Nice strong evenly spaced and weighted stripes. And Deena was
still under the impression that Dr Mike administered the cane!

	"Tell you what Deena, why don't I just shave your pussy hair as well?
It's really the fashion now. You've probably noticed I'm shaved!"

	Deena couldn't have failed to notice that - the nurse had an unabashed
tendency to wander around the bedroom without a stitch of clothing. She really
didn't know whether or not shaving was really the current fashion but submitted
to Nurse Jenny without argument. She sat on the edge of the bed, Nurse Jenny on
kneeling on the floor between her legs was soon at work.

	"There you are. Lovely and smooth. That looks much better, don't you
think? Nurse Jenny felt it necessary to run her fingers back and forth over them
to emphasize the point.

	Deena nodded in agreement, smiling a little at the nurse's compliment
and innocently enjoying the nurse's loving touch. But Jenny knew exactly when to
stop - it was the same moment when Deena was hoping she would continue!

	The nurse looked up into Deena's eyes and provocatively licked the air
with her tongue just a few inches away from Deena's pussy. Was the nurse going
to lick her? Deena's pulse was suddenly racing, she closed her eyes and waited.
After four highly frustrating days Deena was willing to take relief from any
available source!

	"Oops! Can't have you getting aroused otherwise I'll get in trouble with
Dr Mike," the nurse said, leaning on Deena's knees as she got to her feet.

	Deena sensed that being in trouble with Dr Mike might not be such a bad
thing, judging by the wistful expression on the nurse's face.

	There was a sharp knock at the door.

	"That'll be Mike now, a bit early. You'd better get dressed Deena." the
nurse called out as she opened the door.

	As soon as the door was off the latch it slammed into the nurse's face
knocking her back into the room and onto the floor.

	"What the...?" the dazed nurse called out, blood streaming from her
bloody nose.

	Deena was screaming as four masked men piled into the room. Two of them
leapt on top of her.

(to be continued...)




5. The Wildlife Society
(Deena on Display)

	The story so far: Great Britain in 2015. Dr Mike Britten and Nurse Jenny
are touring universities and schools with their 'Human Biology Alive!' lecture
tour. The 'alive' part is provided by Deena, a young woman convicted of
drink-driving offence who had chosen a three month stint as their model instead
of a prison sentence.
	Despite the public indignities of being naked, chained and probed in the
most intimate ways on the lecture stage, Deena was becoming accustomed to her
experience, and beginning to develop a real friendship with the dominating
Doctor and Nurse. But there's a problem: Deena was unwittingly acquiring a cult
status on the student grapevine.

	-oOo-

	"That'll be Mike now, a bit early. You'd better get dressed Deena," the
nurse called out as she opened the door.

	As soon as the door was off the latch it slammed into the nurse's face
knocking her back into the room and onto the floor.

	"What the...?" the dazed nurse called out, blood streaming from her
bloody nose.

	Deena was screaming as four masked men piled into the room. Two of them
leapt straight on top of her naked body.
	
	Holding Deena face-down on the bed they stuffed a rag into her mouth and
knotted a gag around her face. They forced her hands behind her back and tied
them with torn strips of a sheet. Her ankles were treated the same way, then
pulled right back behind her and joined to her wrists in a vicious hogtie. A
white pillow case was put over her head and knotted at the neck.

	As Deena was 'mmmphing' and bouncing on the bed in a crazed attempt to
free herself, the attackers turned their attention to the nurse,  lifting her
onto the other bed. She too gagged, hooded, and tied hand and foot, though not
yet hogtied as they still had other plans for her. Blood soaked the sheet from
her fractured nose.

	"OK, nursie, it's time to give you a taste of your own medicine. Stop
fighting, or you'll just make it worse," the ringleader threatened her. "Guys,
lift up her skirt and pull down her panties."

	Eager hands were only too happy to oblige, dragging her panties down to
her bound ankles. The four assailants stood back in awe, gazing at Jenny's
shaved pussy lips, beautifully framed by the white garters and stockings.

	"Jesus. What a beauty!" one of them said, running his wetted finger
along her slit. "It's a pity we can't take this one as well!"

	They turned Nurse Jenny over onto her belly so that her nicely rounded
rump was exposed and ready to receive its punishment. With her hands tied behind
her back and strong hands gripping her bound ankles, Jenny was helpless as the
first blow of the cane struck.

	"One!" The four guys called out in unison. "Two!" The nurse's cries of
pain were well muffled by her gag.

	Deena continued her hogtied bouncing struggle just a few feet away,
wishing she could come to the aid of the nurse. But Deena's struggles only made
her bonds tighter as the blows continued to rain down on the nurse's bare ass.

	"Nine...and...Ten!" The last one was the worst, and it snapped the thin
garden cane that had been supporting a wayward cheese plant in the lobby just
minutes before.

	The one delivering the caning tossed the broken stump across the room.
"That'll do. I can see some stripes coming up on her ass already! Come on boys,
let's get Deena in the laundry basket and finish tying up this bitch!"

	Two pairs of hands picked up Deena's naked squirming body and dropped
her into a half-full wicker laundry basket. More laundry was thrown in before
they forced the lid down compressing the sheets on top of her. They wheeled the
basket from the room to the nearby fire exit where a was backed up, doors open
and ready to go.

	The nurse's body seemed limp and defeated by her punishment. She was
sniffing and blowing to keep the blood from clotting in her nasal passage. Using
another strip of bedsheet to join her hands to her feet, Jenny was fixed into a
belly-down hogtie on her bed.

	The group's leader stood over Jenny to give his parting speech. "Have
fun Nursie. Now you know what it's like to be tied up and beaten. Not so nice
when you're on the receiving end, huh? In case you're interested, we are
borrowing Deena for the evening. She's gonna have a good time at our club.
You'll get her back safe and well in the morning. Perhaps your sadistic doctor
friend will have freed you by then. With any luck he might give you another
beating for being such a stupid bitch."

	Jenny heard two guys laugh with delight, then the door closed and
everything immediately went silent.

	-oOo-

	When she was certain the room was empty Jenny started to explore her
bonds. The hogtie was so short that  her fingers were touching her stocking-clad
ankles. She knew bedsheets could be easily untied providing the knot didn't get
too tight, but could she reach any of the knots? Her fingers probed the tangle
of strips that held her, as she valiantly resisted the urge to tug and fight
against her bonds.

	It paid off. She located a knot, in the strip they had used to hogtie
her. It was already tight, so she had to pick it gently with her fingernails,
knowing that if she altered her position it could make the knot harder or
impossible to undo.

	After ten minutes, and with her arms and legs screaming for relief, the
knot finally came apart. It was a blissful relief as she straightened out her
legs on the bed. She laid still on the bed, face down, aching and exhausted from
the effort, thinking of what to do next. She couldn't undo her hands and feet,
they were just too tightly tied. How long would it be before Mike discovered
her? Perhaps an hour, she supposed.

	Rolling herself along the bed Jenny managed to attain a sitting
position, feet planted on the carpetted floor. The wrappings around her ankles
were tight but at least they were not tied crossways. Lucky too that she had no
shoes on; this meant she could stand up. She tried to see out of the pillow case
tied over her head but could distinguish little more than light and shade.
Swinging herself up into a standing position she started taking little bunny
hops towards the door.  She made it, turned around, leant against the door, and
caught her breath before pulling back the latch.

	Hopping out into the hallway, her mind went blank, still dazed by what
had happened to her. She couldn't remember own her room number let alone Mike's!
She must have stood in the hallway for several minutes before it came to her:
21! Of course. Deena had commented it was her age, and Mike had joked that he
was only 29. If she wasn't so tied up she could have kicked herself for
forgetting that.

	"21,23,25,27,29 The fourth door on the right," Jenny mumbled to herself,
from behind the copious stuffing in her mouth. She started taking little hops
down the hallway, very cautious, knowing that if she fell over it would be
difficult to get up again.

	23. Continuing her hopping, Jenny became more confident. 'Little hops
Jenny, nice and steady' was her mantra. Outside room 25 she stumbled, nearly
toppling over, after becoming over-confident. Having her panties dragging around
her ankles didn't help. She steadied herself and mustered her strength for the
last stage.

	By room 27 Jenny felt she could hop for England, she didn't even stop to
rest.

	Room 29 at last! Her eyes welled up with tears, anticipating her
imminent freedom. She banged her forehead on the door...listened...banged
again...listened again. There wasn't a sound except for that of her pounding
heart. It was devastating, having hopped all the way to Mike's room and the
bastard was still drinking in the hotel bar. She might have known all along.

	The nurse had been in the hallway for more than ten minutes, amazed that
there wasn't a soul around. Surely a bound, gagged and hooded female could
couldn't hop around a hotel all evening without being noticed! There was no
choice; she readied herself for the epic journey to the reception desk.

	Outside room 31 she lost her balance and fell heavily against the door.
She heard a noise from inside - somebody was in the shower. Ready to face the
indignity of presenting herself to a stranger Jenny decided to attract the
person's attention. After four bangs of her forehead on the door the shower
stopped. There was silence. When she went to bang her head for the fifth time
the door gave way. Jenny lost her balance and fell into the man's arms.

	"Jesus Christ Jenny! What the fuck has happened to you?"

	Mike quickly dragged her to the bed and closed the door. "It's that
bitch Deena. I knew she couldn't be trusted. I swear I'll kill her."

	Jenny shook her head to indicate it wasn't Deena's fault.

	"For heaven's sake woman, keep your head still, I'm trying to undo the
knot at your neck!" Mike moaned,  insensitive as ever, but Jenny expected no
more or less from him. She was overcome with relief at being back in his arms.

	Her pillow-case hood and the gag were soon removed then Mike pulled the
mass of packing material out Jenny's mouth. Although he didn't mention it to
her, he was very impressed with both the assailant's packing ability and Jenny's
oral capacity.

	Returning quickly from the bathroom with a damp towel and a glass of
water he started tending to the dried blood around Jenny's nose, checking for
damage.

	"Looks a lot worse than it is." Mike informed her, rather
unsympathetically. "How the hell did she plan the escape?"

	"I don't think she did." Jenny replied. "The poor girl was terrified.
She's been kidnapped, I'm sure. They said something about taking her to a club."

	Mike paced the room, contemplating all that was at stake. He knew that
with one phone call Deena's tracking collar could be activated. They, and the
police, would be able to locate her within the hour, but then the questions
would start. The lecture tour would most likely be suspended. Deena might even
be sent to prison for the rest of her sentence.

	"Think Jenny! What else did they say?" The Doctor demanded, prowling
back and forth as if he were interrogating her. The fact that he hadn't yet
bothered to untie her hands and feet supported that impression.

	"David. It has to involve David!" He stated, having put two and two
together. He picked up the phone and dialled reception. "Hello. Is David
there?.....No?...okay, that figures. Tell me, what clubs are open in the town
tonight?....J.D. Wetherspoon's disco pub. Is that the only one?.....I see. Thank
you."

	The Doctor frowned. "There aren't any clubs in the town tonight, just a
disco pub. Are you sure he said a club?"

	"Yes! Yes!" Jenny replied becoming emotional and wondering when Mike
would start torturing her. "Please can you untie me now Mike." she pleaded
tearfully.

	He relented and apologised to her, using a penknife to cut the fabric.
They hugged and held each other, sensing that their ordeal had just begun.

	"So where's David tonight?" Jenny asked, pulling up her panties and
rubbing her sore wrists.

	"Robotics club at the university according to the receptionist." Mike
muttered absently.

	Jenny became excitable. "That's it! Clubs, groups, societies - the
campus is full of them. We need to get a list of clubs and societies meeting
tonight."

	The Doctor was already dialling before Jenny had even finished her
sentence.

	"Great...you have a list...yes, you can email my room. Thank you." He
hung up. "That was the biology department head. He's emailed us a list of the
clubs meeting tonight."

	Jenny switched to the T.V. to data and touched the print icon. A sheet
of paper soon hung from the bottom of the TV on the wall. Jenny snatched it, and
read out from the list. "Chess Club, Movie Group, Holographic Arts, Wildlife
Society, Cloning Group, Nanography, Robotics club, Eurolingua. Where do we
start? Deena could be anywhere. Let's start with David. Where did you say he
was?"

	"Robotics apparently. Is the address shown on the list?" Mike asked as
they headed out the door.

	-oOo-

	Barging rudely into the robotics club meeting there was no sign of
David, nor indeed of any females apart from a very life-like robot somebody was
making. They said David was a regular attender but someone said that he had
received an invitation from the Wildlife Society. The way the guy said Wildlife
made Jenny pause and think. It sounded like two words, with the emphasis on
'life'.

	Mike and Jenny looked at each other, the same thought occurring to both
of them, and moments later they were back on the road again, tyres screeching as
they followed the AutoNav to find out exactly what goes on at the Wild Life
Society. Jenny read out from the club's schedule as Mike sped along.  "Tonight:
Mating rituals of mammals."

	It seemed a pretty innocuous venue. The upper hall above one of the
sports halls on the campus. The cars outside and the lights visible from outside
confirmed that there was something happening, although at street level there
wasn't a soul around. They parked alongside a battered old van and tossed some
equipment into a holdall, ready for any eventuality. A doorway led straight up a
dark flight of stairs. The sound of cheering and shouts of encouragements become
more audible as they ascended. Nurse Jenny followed behind the Doctor, literally
holding onto his coat-tails, understandably scared, considering her earlier
ordeal.

	The entrance was obscured from the main body of the hall, giving Mike
and Jenny the opportunity to secretly observe the scene taking place in the
candlelit hall. They were staggered at what they saw.

	Along one wall stood three guys and three girls, completely naked and
with their hands tied together above their heads and thence to a securing point
high up the wall. They weren't just naked but filthy too. Jenny knew the smell
of cow-dung very well, and they were all smeared with the stuff!

	But they were not the focal point, in fact they were merely part of the
audience, conversing freely, although evidently a little nervous as they watched
the scene unfold. Perhaps they were waiting their turn?

	On the main floor were the aforementioned mammals as billed: A lion, a
bear, a dog, a cow and a rabbit. Each was firmly tethered in position thanks to
sunken fixings in the wooden floor, more commonly used to secure gym equipment
in position.

	Not all the 'animals' seemed entirely happy with their predicament. Each
furry costume covered the animal completely: hands, feet and head. Ropes on
their wrists and ankles restrained them in a suitably quadrupedal position.

	The cause of the animals' disquiet was becoming clear to Mike and Jenny
as they continued to spy. One girl in a Xena-like leather ensemble was kneeling
behind the black-furred 'dog', her crotch hard up against the dog's buttocks. A
man was kneeling at the dog's head, his penis very evidently within dog's mouth.
The dog was rocked back and forth by the forceful thrusting at each end, it was
no more than a receptacle in a brutal orgiastic sandwich.

	Another girl came into view. She looked stunning in a leopard-print
lycra body-stocking. Tall and slim, with long tumbling blonde tresses, her
presence commanded the room. Around her waist was harnessed a strap-on dildo
which she wore with an intimidating self-confidence as if her artificial
erection was a symbol of her own potency.

	To the applause of the assembled animal lovers, she knelt down behind
the lion and trailed her long red fingernails lovingly across its shapely
haunches. She lifted its long tail and held it provocatively between her teeth
then quickly located and lubricated the slit in the fur. With self-evident
expertise, she penetrated the lion's anus. The high-pitched squeal leaving no
doubt that this lion was a lioness!

	A guy in black leather vest knelt in front of the lioness. Lowering his
leather trousers, he began busily rubbing his cock to an erection. The blonde,
amused by his anxiety came to his aid. With the lion's tale still between her
teeth she slipped her fingers in the shoulder straps of her lycra bodice and
pushed the straps down her arms. Her perfect breasts sprung free of the stretchy
fabric. Fingering and squeezing her own nipples had the desired effect on the
guy's penis; he pushed his lusting cock into the lion's mouth, which was merely
the surrogate of  the real object of his desire - thegorgeous  blonde girl three
feet in front of him.

	Both of them grunted with passion as they rocked the lioness back and
forth, shouts of encouragement coming from all around them.

	"I think that's Deena," Mike whispered to Jenny from their hiding place
behind vaulting horse. He was ready to make his move.

	"Be careful Mike." Jenny warned, worried by how outnumbered they were.

	Mike was armed with an electro-prod, designed for use on Deena if she
ever got out of hand. At first he went unnoticed amongst the dozen or so
students until he jabbed the prod into the ribs of one of the male onlookers. He
slumped to the floor unconscious, and the atmosphere in the hall changed in an
instant.

	"You! Out!" The Doctor shouted at the one with his penis in the lion's
mouth. Confronted with the prod  Mike was waving around like a man possessed, he
withdrew his own throbbing prod. The blonde girl penetrating the lion's rear
stayed put, still smiling and rather amused by the commotion. Her hands caressed
and patted the lioness's rump as if to comfort her.

	"Take her head off!" Mike yelled, wielding the electro-prod just inches
away from the guy with the rapidly fading erection. The student reached around
the lioness's neck, undid the fastenings and lifted it off the girl's head.
Whoever it was, it wasn't Deena. The girl, with her mouth held wide open with a
leather ring-gag, appeared more embarrassed than anything. They had promised she
would be anonymous during the initiation ceremony!

	"And the others!" Mike commanded.

	The 'bear' was a male. He too was ring-gagged. The Doctor remembered him
from the lecture, a bear-like man even before donning costume. Furious at being
caught in such a compromising position, he was tugged violently on the ropes
that held him down. Luckily for Mike the ropes held firm. The Wildlife Society
seemed to have a commendable policy of sexual equality, even the guys get
screwed!

	The 'cow' turned out to be another shame-faced female student, her
sweat-soaked hair plastered on her face. Saliva and traces of semen dribbled
from her ring-gag, indicating that she had been initiated before Mike and Jenny
arrived. She started crying and gave an unintelligible blubbering explanation to
Mike, perhaps fearing her academic career had just ended. She wouldn't get any
sympathy from Mike or Jenny.

	The leather-bodiced Xena girl still had her dildo rammed up the black
dog when its head was removed. It was David, Deena's former boyfriend! Obviously
in distress, he tried to explain something to Mike. However, with the ring-gag
and the girl deliberately thrusting up his anus as he spoke, Mike couldn't
understand a word David said. Having already decided he was responsible for
Deena's disappearance, The Doctor pushed the electro prod against his neck. As
he was roped into a sturdy all-fours position it took a few moments before he
toppled unconscious onto his side like a bull at the feet of a toreador.
	
	There was only the rabbit left to unmask, visibly trembling at the end
of the row of animals. Everybody seemed to go quiet, waiting for the theatrical
coup-de-grace that had been building up. Jenny lifted away the rabbit's head.

	Deena looked up at Mike and Jenny with big blue 'get-me-out-of-here'
eyes. Her face was reddened with tears and distended by a large ring-gag. The
mess on her chin indicated that she too had already been initiated.

	"I could have you lot arrested!" Mike shouted angrily to the subdued and
contrite students around him. Many of them had already disappeared out of the
fire exits while others were apologising, desperately trying to explain their
actions, knowing that expulsion from the university was a distinct possibility.
'It was all consensual', they pleaded, and Deena was their guest of honour. They
honestly thought she would enjoy their ceremony.

	Jenny unbuckled the nasty ring-gag and wiped Deena's face, while a
sympathetic female student helped untie the ropes that kept her on her hands and
knees. It didn't take long before Jenny had put the overjoyed Deena back in her
transport chains, fastened over the top of the rabbit costume. Jenny connected
and padlocked Deena's belly chain then gave her a quick kiss and a comforting
hug.

	"Ready?" Mike called out to Jenny.

	"Ready!" Jenny and Deena called back in unison.

	On the way out of the hall, Jenny noticed the six naked students still
standing with their hands tied above them. They had been neglected amongst all
the commotion.

	Mike studied the three females in a strictly unprofessional manner! He
thought the 'Andromeda' position showed off the female anatomy like no other. He
liked the way that a woman's raised arms lifted and slightly flattened the
breasts.  All three girls gave him their best seductive smile as if to say 'pick
me!'. Their naked bodies, even though smeared with cow dung, looked ready and
willing to be ravished. However Mike would have preferred to give them a cold
hose-down beforehand. Despite, or perhaps because of, all the drama Mike was
feeling as horny as hell.

	Jenny was more interested in the three males who were altogether less
pleased at still being tied up than Mike's three beauties. They tugged strongly
on the ropes that bound them, not quite believing that they had been properly
tied, repeatedly calling out for somebody to untie them. Eventually one of their
friends came to their aid.

	Knowing he would be freed in a few moments, one of the bound men sneered
at her. "Hey Nursie, how's the nose?"

	Nursie??? Jenny recognised the voice immediately, and her blood began to
boil.
	
	She snatched the Electro-prod from Mike's hand and adjusted the output
setting, then pressed it firmly against the guy's genitals.

	His look of terror was fully justified. "No. No, p-p-please don't. I
d-d-didn't mean to hurt you. I'm s-s..."

	The nurse pressed the trigger and held it. He screamed a most unmanly
scream and several violent spasms went through him before he slumped lifelessly;
still standing only because of the ropes holding his arms above his head. But
that wasn't all. He would later discover that for the next few months his penile
erections would be accompanied by an excruciating pain.
	
	The guy next to him was peeing on the floor, petrified, fearing that he
was next for the prod. Jenny couldn't be sure whether he had been involved in
the kidnapping but he sure looked guilty enough. Having twenty witnesses, some
of them laughing, watching him pissing with fright, might well be punishment
enough in the long term.

	"Let's get out of here Mike. I'm starving!" Jenny said, with a satisfied
smile as she turned off the electro-prod and handed it back to him.
	
	Feeling relieved, yet also exhilarated by the successful outcome, the
HBA team clambered into their van. Jenny was in the driver's seat, while Dr Mike
helped Deena into the passenger side.

	Mike felt something growing within his trousers as he helped Deena step
up into the van. Perhaps it was those rabbit paws that enclosed her hands, or
maybe it was her cute fluffy tale, or was it simply that she looked so damned
cuddly chained up in her all-covering rabbit suit?

	"They raped me." Deena snuffled as they drove away from the sports hall.

	"No honey, it was only a girl with a dildo. They thought you would like
it after seeing you in the lecture today." Jenny said, taking her eyes of the
road for just a moment.

	"... and they put a penis in my mouth."

	"I know, honey but that was just a bit of fun. Surely you've had oral
sex before?"

	Deena didn't answer that one, she just sat in silence, very glad to have
Mike's comforting arm around her. Jenny felt slightly guilty in trivialising the
sexual assault Deena had suffered but thought it better for Deena if hse
downplayed the whole thing. The nurse's thoughts drifted to her own experiences.
She'd had oral and anal sex many times before, and yes, sometimes both together;
and had enjoyed it immensely! The doctor wasn't the only one feeling very horny.

	"I have an idea, Mike!" Jenny said excitedly, "why don't we go to the
disco pub you mentioned earlier? We can eat there, you could have a few beers,
and maybe we can have a little dance too. It'll be fun!"

	They all agreed it was a great idea, so Mike leant over Deena and set
the AutoNav to J.D. Wetherspoon's disco pub.

End of Chapter 5
(to be continued...)




6. Homeward Bound (Last Chapter)

(Deena on Display)

	The story so far: Great Britain in 2015. Dr Mike Britten and Nurse Jenny
are touring universities and schools with their 'Human Biology Alive!' lecture
tour. The 'alive' part is provided by Deena, a young woman convicted of
drink-driving offence who had chosen a three month stint as their model instead
of a prison sentence.

	Despite the public indignities of being naked, chained and probed in the
most intimate ways on the lecture stage, Deena was becoming accustomed to her
experience, and beginning to develop a real friendship with the dominating
Doctor and Nurse. But there's a problem: Deena was unwittingly acquiring a cult
status on the student grapevine. She is kidnapped by the Wildlife Society and is
a reluctant participant in their rituals before Dr Mike and nurse Jenny rescue
her.

	-oOo-

	As they drove to the Wetherspoon's disco-pub Deena endeared herself to
Mike and Jenny by appearing more concerned about Jenny's welfare than her own.
"Did they hurt you?" she asked Jenny. "I was so worried about what they would do
to you after they took me away.

	"I thought I was going to suffocate in that laundry basket. All those
sheets were pressed down on me and I couldn't move at all. They wheeled me out
of the hotel and lifted the basket into the back of a van. We must have driven
for maybe ten minutes. Then they lugged the basket, with me tied up inside,
upstairs into the room where you found me. Then they lifted me out of the basket
and dumped me to the floor. I was still gagged and with a pillowcase tied over
my head.

	"They seemed to think it was very funny watching me as I lay struggling
on the floor. My ankles were still tied to my wrists. They told me that I was 
'hog-tied'. Is that right, Jenny?"

	Jenny nodded, suppressing the urge to smile. Keeping her eyes on the
road, she encouraged Deena to continue her story.

	"Then I felt their hands all over my body, tickling me, pinching my
breasts and buttocks, driving me crazy, until I thought I was going to choke on
the wadding in my mouth. I was laying of the floor trying to catch my breath
when they released my ankles and lifted to my feet. That's when they noticed
that my crotch had been shaved! They seemed disappointed, as if they were
planning to shave me themselves. I could hear them arguing about something.
Apparently they were intending to write 'hairy arse' on my buttocks.

	"Then they started whispering so I couldn't hear them, deciding what
else they could write on me. I could feel a marker pen pressing down, writing
all the way across my buttocks. They must have been using different colours
because they kept mentioning red, blue and black but never said what they were
writing. Whatever it was, they thought it was very funny and kept giggling like
children.

	"I tried to run off when I felt the hands let me go, but my hands were
still tied and I was still gagged and hooded so I couldn't see anything. I
tripped over something, and fell to the floor. I banged my head and started to
feel ill."

	Deena looked at the doctor pitifully, needing sympathy and getting it.
Mike ran her finger lightly over the lump at the side of Deena's forehead.

	"Then what happened?" The Doctor asked, having become her sympathetic
counsellor.

	"They started dressing me in this costume." Deena continued, looking
down at her furry covering. It was only after they had zipped me up at the back
that they removed my hood and gag. I saw three other animals kneeling on the
ground and realised that I must have tripped over one of them earlier. They were
tied into a hands and knees position and were tugging and pulling, trying to
escape, but it was impossible when they were tied up like that.

	"I was tied in the same position as the other animals at the end of the
row. One of the guys held up something they called a 'ring-gag' and told me to
open my mouth, but I refused. I was so tired of being gagged. But someone
standing behind me kicked me hard up the bum. It was only when she spoke that I
realised it was a girl. 'Open your fucking mouth you drunken slut!' she yelled
at me. I did as I was told and they fitted me with that ring-gag, which
stretched my mouth wide open. Finally, they put the rabbit's head on me, which
blinded me again. I was almost glad that I didn't have to look at them anymore.

	"Then I heard a commotion. Lots of shouting. David had come into the
room and he was really angry about what they had done to me. I felt him trying
to untie one of my hands but then there were fighting and the others overpowered
him. I think they must have knocked him out because I didn't hear his voice
after that. I don't know what happened to him." Deena's voice trailed off
softly, her thoughts turning to the guy who tried to save her.

	Dr Mike was unsure whether to tell Deena that the Wildlife Society had
turned David into another one of the animals, and that he was being humped up
the ass by a girl with a strap-on when he last saw him. He definitely wasn't
going to mention that he had zapped David with the electro-prod and ruined his
sex life for the next month!

	Deena continued, determined to finish her story while they drove. "Then
some kind of ceremony started. Lots of short speeches and animal noises. They
said I was their guest of honour, loaned to them by the Doctor...but you didn't,
did you?"

	The doctor shook his head to reassure Deena that he'd never do such a
thing.

	"Then I felt a hand rubbing something cool on my anus, like Jenny does
to me in the lecture. There must be a little slit in the back of my costume.
Then something large was prodded deep into my rectum, and a penis entered my
mouth, and I couldn't stop it because of the ring-gag in my mouth. They each
pushed back and forward, and I started to feel very hot inside this costume."

	

	"I can imagine," Mike said, deftly adjusting the tent in his trousers.

	"The rocking back and forward continued and I was getting hotter and
hotter and I could feel the penis keep pushing against the back of my throat.
Then he ejaculated and I heard everybody cheering. He told me I'd better swallow
if I knew what was good for me, so that's what I did, but it wasn't easy to do
with that gag."

	Nurse Jenny smiled knowingly, trying hard to concentrate on the road
ahead.

	"I think you know the rest. You arrived not long after that. Thanks for
rescuing me." Deena gave a beaming smile of gratitude to the doctor and nurse
sat alongside her. They might keep her in chains, and publicly humiliate her
naked body every day, but they still felt like her best friends.

	"You have reached your destination," said the soft feminine voice of the
AutoNav, and the flashing neon lights ahead confirmed they had reached the pub
car park.

	-oOo-

	Deena got a few strange looks when they entered Wetherspoon's Disco Pub,
but there was a warm welcome from the patrons that she hadn't expected. Many
drinkers seemed to think she was the cabaret act. A pretty chained-up girl in a
rabbit suit was not something they saw everyday, not even in the year 2015.

	Mike located a relatively quiet booth where they could eat, drink and
simply relax. The friendly waitress in a cute ultra-short uniform dress came to
take the order. Jenny had a stiff gin and tonic, Mike had a beer, and Deena a
diet cola as usual. Jenny unlocked Deena's handcuffs, but her hands remained
mitten-like within the rabbit costume. She shrugged her paws at Dr Mike as if to
say 'what the hell!' and managed to raise the glass to her lips gripped between
them.

	By the time they had finished their meal, the dancefloor had filled and
the high-spirited dancers were encouraging the sexy nurse and the sweet-looking
girl in the rabbit costume to join them. Jenny and Deena were eager to accept
the invitation but there was the small matter of Deena's security chains; she
was supposed to stay secured at all times while in public places. That was the
law and Dr Mike wasn't going to jeopardise his lecture program just so Deena
could have some fun.

	But Mike doesn't always get his way. Jenny bent down under the table to
attend to Deena's ankle shackles. She unlocked one of them and locked it back
onto the one that was already shackled. Then she stood up and tugged Deena's arm
until she too was standing.

	"Lighten up, Mike. She's still wearing her chains!" the nurse castigated
the doctor, her characteristically wide smile stretched across her face.

	The doctor leaned back in the soft upholstered seating, enjoying his
beer and watching contentedly as Jenny and Deena danced the evening away. It was
amazing how the shy girl that he had taken custody just five days earlier had
turned into a complete extrovert (not to mention a flirt!) on the dancefloor.
For Deena, being salivated over by horny students throughout the week had done
wonders for her self-esteem.

	Deena's provocative little wiggle, accentuated by her rabbit's tail had
aroused Mike's libido considerably. Tonight somebody would have to get it -  he
was sure of that. As the lecturer and Deena's supervisor, he was legally
entitled to poke almost any implement except his penis into any of Deena's
orifices.

	There was another reason for staying away from Deena, he wanted to keep
her 'orgasm-free' in order to heighten her responses in the forthcoming
lectures! Tonight he would make do with Nurse Jenny. The nurse looked over her
shoulder at him as she danced, and sensed from his look that her day's duties
for the Doctor were far from done.

	It was nearly midnight when they emerged exhausted and happy from the
pub, vowing to do it again the following week. Upon discovering that the
'Alco-clear' sensor in the van would not allow Mike or Jenny to drive  they had
no choice but to walk back to the hotel. With Deena shuffling along in her
leg-irons, Jenny window shopping for new shoes and Mike not exactly walking in a
straight line, it was a slow but blissfully contented journey.

	-oOo-

	Once back in their hotel rooms, Deena couldn't wait to get out of the
sweaty rabbit costume. Jenny unzipped the back of it and peeled it from her
until she stood naked except for the smooth titanium Offender Tracking Collar.
The nurse inspected Deena's buttocks and the coloured marker pen scrawling that
covered them.

	

	"What does it say?" Deena asked, trying to read her butt cheeks over her
shoulder.

	"Oh, it's just some juvenile graffiti. I've got some cleanser to remove
it." Nurse Jenny dug around in her bag and drew out a plastic bottle. "Lay flat
out, belly down on the bed."

	Soaking a clump of cotton wool with the cleansing solution she rubbed in
a gentle circular motion on Deena's buttocks. Its only effect was on Deena, who
was enjoying the nurse's ministrations more than was intended. The nurse was
puzzled as she saw that the cotton wool, although damp and compressed by the
rubbing, was still perfectly white.

	"It's not completely off yet." Jenny said, "I'll continue in the
morning. It's time for bed now."

	Deena got into bed and allowed the nurse put the handcuffs around
Deena's wrists and padlocked them to her collar. A short chain was fixed from
the collar to the headboard to ensure that Deena couldn't wander off, or be
kidnapped, during the night.

	Nurse Jenny, wearing her dressing gown, kissed Deena goodnight.
"Lights....down!" she commanded. The room's voice-activated lighting system
dimmed to a faint glow. She had some unfinished business with Dr Britten, the
nurse explained to Deena, and may be with him for some time. Deena would readily
admit to being naive at times but she wasn't stupid! The nature of the nurse's
business was quite obvious from the way she checked herself in the mirror as she
left the room. A few moments later Deena heard the knock on the Doctor's door, a
brief exchange of quiet conversation from the corridor then the distinct sound
of the door closing.

	Deena wriggled herself into a sitting up position.

	"Television...on." she said quietly, barely suppressing an excited
giggle as the picture from a news station appeared.

	"Television...channel...erotic." Deena said confidently. She'd read
about the adult channels in the hotel's  welcome pack.

	A menu appeared on the screen listing the available movies.

		1. The Atonement

		2. Jade Pavilion

		3. On The Water

		4. Rabbit Island

		5. The Tent of the Bedouin

	Having lived at home all of her 21 years Deena knew very little about
erotic movies. It was like a door had been flung open into a storeroom of
forbidden fruit. With simple voice commands she flicked impulsively between the
channels greedily tasting the sensual pleasures of each movie. Yet it was a kind
of torture for her as well; her pussy was moist and demanding that her fingers
should be touching and toying with it, but with her wrists cuffed to her collar
no amount of frustrated tugging and contortions could allow her to scratch that
exquisite itch.

	-oOo-

	"Supermarkers?"

	"That's right Jenny," the Doctor confirmed. "Impossible to remove
without the correct cleaning compound, and that's definitely not something you'd
want to get on your skin!"

	Jenny shook her head in disbelief. "So what can we do?"

	"Nothing. As the skin renews itself the writing will fade away. Kids are
using these supermarkers for tattooing all the time now. Great for writing the
name of your boyfriend or girlfriend on your arm and then seeing which one is
still on your arm a month later!" Dr Mike laughed, but he hadn't seen the
markings on Deena's bum!

	"Deena's sleeping now and I told her I won't be back for several hours,"
Jenny said, untying the belt of her dressing gown in a seductive manner.

	"Good. My father always said that if you ever fall of a horse it was
best to get right back on it again." Mike held up the torn strips of sheet that
Jenny had been tied up with earlier.

	"I don't want to be beaten again," said Jenny, having understood Mike's
intentions, but she was definitely not in the mood for one of Mike's more
intense sessions. She divested herself of the dressing gown and white panties
and laid out on the bed as the Doctor ordered. He wrapped the cotton strips
tightly around each of her wrists then secured them to their respective corners
of the headboard.

	Jenny tugged on her bonds, enjoying the stretch in her arm muscles that
told her she could not escape or break free; she knew Dr Mike was fastidious
about such things. In any case, escape was the last thing she would have wanted
at that moment.

	The phone rang, and Mike picked it up.

	"Hi honey!...yes, everything's okay... we had a little incident that
I'll tell you all about when I get home... yes, the new girl is great... Jenny?
she's fine... hah! a bit tied up at the moment.... yeah, I'll ask her.... see
you tomorrow about 10... love you too!" Mike made a vulgar kissing noise into
the phone and hung up.

	"My wife wants to know when you are going to spend a weekend with her
again," Mike said as he wrapped each of her ankles with another strip of torn
bedsheet.

	"Your wife is a evil bitch. She didn't give me a moment's rest the whole
weekend. Do you have any idea what she did to me?"

	"Of course I do. She showed me the pictures. You seemed to be enjoying
yourself," Mike said, teasing her, while tying each ankle to its respective
wrist so Jenny's peachy rump was upended, wide open and inviting.

	"I'm not saying I didn't enjoy it, just that she can be quite nasty. If
she promises to go easier on my tits and doesn't keep me gagged the whole time
I'll agree to do another weekend when you're on your next golf trip."

	"It's a deal!" said Mike, jumping on the bed, and kneeling so his knees
were almost wedged under Jenny's buttocks. His hands reached across her spread
open thighs and forcefully squeezed her prominent rounded breasts, kneading them
like bread dough, feeling her hardening nipples against his palms. She moaned
loudly in response to each forceful squeeze.

	"Gag needed, I think." Mike said, reaching over to the beside cabinet.
He hastily stuffed her panties in her mouth and taped over it with several
strips of surgical tape. "Better?"

	 "mmmmppphh!" Nurse Jenny nodded.

	Mike knew what was required for Jenny's satisfaction and went to work on
her hairless pussy with his tongue, using his hands to press down on the back of
her legs to stop her from bouncing around and away from the very attention her
body craved.

	

	Occasionally he'd break from his oral attentions and his hands would be
back on her breasts, his fingers digging deeply and rhythmically into the soft
yielding flesh while he delighted in the glazed and transported expression in
her eyes.

	Her 'vital signs' seeming in good order, he pulled his cock out from the
folds of the towelling dressing gown, positioned himself in a comfortable
kneeling position and pushed it firmly home into Jenny's moist and welcoming
slot. It was absolute sheer bloody relief to feel his cocked buried deep inside
a woman again. His hard member gave him a physical lever over Jenny's body,
rocking her back and forth in a deliberate and robust manner that made his
ejaculation an inevitability. Jenny was very much along for the ride and was
noisily palpitating beneath him as he came.

	-oOo-

	"Television...off", Mike said as he entered Deena's room, although not
before noticing one of his favourite scenes from Jade Pavilion showing on the
screen. Deena was sound asleep as he unlocked the chain that connected her to
the bed.

	"Come on,  Deena. You can sleep in the other room tonight," he said
softly.

	"Okay," Deena mumbled compliantly. Her eyes were barely open as the
Doctor walked her naked body along the hotel corridor to his room.

	Padlocking her chain to the single bed in his 'family' room, Mike
wondered if Deena would even remember switching rooms when she woke in the
morning. Jenny was already contentedly tucked up, and tied up, in bed; hands
bound behind her and ankles neatly tied also, 'to prevent her doing anything to
disturb Deena', Mike explained to her. Nobody stirred before the seven o'clock
alarm call.

	

	-oOo-

	It was during the morning lecture that Deena finally learnt what had
been written on her buttocks. She saw it on the large video screen at the same
time as the 200 students in the theatre. 'Drunken slut' was written on left
buttock, together with a rather good cartoon of a car driving into a tree. On
her right cheek it read 'Anal sex whore' with a cartoon of herself on all fours
being ass-fucked by Dr Britten, both of them smiling lustily.

	The Doctor took the student's smirking and sneering comments with good
grace, replying with a few wisecracks of own. For Deena, naked and chained on
her hands and knees, the intubator rigid within her throat, her mouth taped up,
and the nurse administering yet another public enema to her, there was no
escape. There was only the mortifying realisation that she would be displaying
the same message to thousands of students in the North of England for the next
few weeks.

	Deena had developed a love-hate relationship with the auto-inseminator
that was used in the first afternoon session. Laying comfortably back on the
bench, hands chained to the sides, blindfolded and gagged, she could almost
forget about the students watching her. The metallic device filling her vagina
and pulsing gently was a delicious feeling - she could easily imagine someone
making love to her, but each time she became excitable the machine cooled down
as if it was teasing her.

	It seemed like the longest day for Deena, not just because of the added
attention caused by the humiliating artwork on her rear. All she wanted to do
was get home to her parents, meet up with her friends on Saturday night, and
most of all to be alone in her bed with her hands free to do what she
desperately yearned to do.

	When the lecture was wrapped up Deena was about to get dressed in her
jeans and sweater and eagerly looking forward to being normal girl again.

	"Don't get dressed yet Deena!" The nurse called out. She was carrying
something unrecognisable, a bundle of clear plastic straps. "I have to fit you
with the weekender belt. The nurse wrapped and fastened the thin waist strap
around her. Then she placed a thick shell-like device over Deena's labia which
poked its two-inch probe into her vagina. Further straps around her buttocks and
between her legs kept the device securely in place.

	"Is it a chastity belt?" Deena asked.

	"Oh, much better than that!" the nurse replied enthusiastically "it's an
arousal inhibitor. It's been calibrated to your own arousal thresholds. I
strongly advise against doing anything that could stimulate you sexually. You
should even avoid kissing."

	"Why? What will happen?"

	"You'll feel a very unpleasant sensation, rather like an electric shock.
It will only last a few seconds but you won't want to repeat it. If you tamper
with the device that will also trigger a shock. I suggest you keep your fingers
well away from it. The straps are all security tagged so don't try to remove
them, or we'll have to punish you next week."

	

	The nurse then unwrapped a very large capsule pill from its foil
wrapper. "Swallow this," she said, handing Deena the pill and a small plastic
cup of water. Deena swallowed it in one large gulp.

	"What was that?" Deena asked.

	"Oh, that's just a no-alco pill. Standard procedure to those convicted
of alcohol related crimes. Whatever you do, don't drink anything alcoholic over
the weekend or you will feel very sick indeed."

	Deena wriggled into her tight jeans and was immediately aware of the
slightly prominent bulge at the front. The arousal inhibitor made it look like
she had a penis. Deena's anticipation of her fun-filled weekend was fading fast.
It looked like she'd have to stay at home playing scrabble and drinking tea with
her parents.

	-oOo-

	It was a long but relaxed drive back down the M1 to Sussex. Nurse Jenny,
driving with the auto-pilot looked across at Deena and Mike, both sleeping
soundly, Deena snuggling in his arms. Her hands were, as usual, cuffed and
attached to the belly chain, and rested on her lap. Jenny reached behind the
seat for her multiphone, about to take a picture of the sleeping beauties when
Deena suddenly let out a loud yell, and had a pained look on her face.

	Mike woke with a jolt, thinking there'd been a crash, looking around to
see that everyone was okay. Jenny couldn't stop laughing. "Deena honey...I did
warn you! Your hands were rubbing against your jeans and triggered the arousal
inhibitor."

	"I hardly touched it!" Deena protested angrily. "How can I avoid it if
you keep me chained up like this?"

	"You'll soon learn. Try not to think about certain things," Jenny
advised, "then you won't feel the need to touch yourself."

	 "I see. But I was only thinking of what you had done to me this week.
Is that a crime?"

	"No it's not. But this device is to prevent you from having sexual
contact during this assignment. You are going to have to learn some
self-restraint I'm afraid. It will get easier. "

	Deena was far from happy. How could she avoid getting another jolt while
she slept at night? It would be impossible!

	

	Jenny laid a hand on Deena's shoulder to comfort her. "It's only for few
more weeks. It will get easier as you learn some self-control. Maybe we could
book you into the Institution of Human Insemination, the one we show in our
lecture. They're always looking for healthy young subjects. And the good news is
that you are allowed to have orgasms... in fact you'll find it hard not to!"

	Deena perked up at this news, but was careful not to become excited lest
the device punishes her again.

	"A lot of student nurses volunteer to be subjects there. They earn a
little extra money, and they have the opportunity to continue their studies."

	"...and they enjoy it!" Mike chipped in.

	Deena was ready to pose a question that she had wanted to ask for the
last few days. "Could I train to be a nurse?" She asked tentatively.

	She was very pleased with Jenny's answer and bombarded her with
questions for the remaining part of the journey home. A whole new world of
opportunity and fulfilment had been opened up to her.

	Mike was already removing Deena's chains as they drove into her neat
suburban street. Her parents came out of front door as soon as they heard the
van pull up outside.

	"Bye, see you on Sunday." Deena said hurriedly to Mike and Jenny as she
leapt from the van, dashed through the garden gate and into the arms of her
loving parents.

	It had been a good week, Mike and Jenny agreed, as they drove off to
their respective homes. They also agreed, despite that awful cliche, that they
really were missing Deena already.

THE END

(Jessica Verdi, 2003)

Note from Author:

	I really wanted to bring this story to a conclusion even though there
was a lot of material that could have been developed. This seemed a good place
to stop.

	The Institute of Human Insemination, whilst a great subject, was clearly
beyond the scope of this story. Sorry if that disappointed anyone.

	I considered a scene where Deena and David were speaking intimately on
the phone and he developed an excruciatingly painful erection (because of being
struck with the electro-prod) at the same time as Deena's arousal inhibitor was
triggered. That could have been funny.

	I thought that in the second week Mike and Jenny would take Deena to an
private BDSM meeting one evening, where her eyes would be truly opened and she
would learn a lot about her own sexuality. Then I could have introduced Dr
Mike's bi wife! Never mind, maybe another time.

	Oh, and I kept wanting to say that despite the various procedures and
abuses she suffered (and the lie she told at the beginning of the story) Deena
was actually still a virgin, depending on how you measure such a thing. That
would have been sweet!

	I wrote an alternative ending where Deena's mother and father had to tie
her spread-eagled on the bed every night to save her from the pain caused by
setting off the arousal inhibitor. They used her dad's old ties because there
was no rope or other bondage items in the house. Rather than discard it, that
ending is shown below.

	And for those that prefer to know how it all turned out: Let's say that
Deena became a nurse, stayed the best of friends with Jenny and Mike, married
David, had his children, and everybody lived happily ever after. Thanks for
reading.

***

(Alternative ending)

	As they sat down for a light supper, Deena told her parents all about
her interesting week, all except for the kidnapping and the resulting artwork on
her buttocks. With absolute conviction she also told them that she was going to
train as a nurse, and talked endlessly about Mike and Jenny.

	Mrs Wilson had noticed with concern, the bulge in the front of her
jeans. "Deena, honey. What's that?" she asked softly.

	Deena chose her words carefully. "That's just a little device to prevent
me from getting  excited. Otherwise they would have to recalibrate all the
equipment again on Monday." The explanation seemed plausible enough to all of
them.

	"Mum, Dad. I need you to do something for me. If I accidentally touch
this thing when I'm sleeping it could give a nasty shock. It happened before and
it wasn't very nice. I want you to restrain my hands in some way."

	Her parents were perplexed. "You mean tie you up?"

	"Sure. It's okay, I'm quite used to it now." Deena reassured them.

	"But we don't have any rope except for a thick tow rope in the garage,
and that's all greasy and horrible."

	There was a brief thoughtful pause.

	"What about your old ties that I planned to take to the charity shop?"
Mrs Wilson suggested to her husband. "Would they work, Deena?"

	"I'm sure they would. If I get ready for bed, can you come to my bedroom
in, say, ten minutes?"

	Having brushed her hair, cleaned her teeth and changed into her
nightgown, Deena was sitting up on her bed when her parents came in. Mrs. Wilson
emptied the contents of a plastic bag onto the bed, creating a multi-coloured
spaghetti of ties. "What colour would you like?"

	"Ummm, red ones," Deena replied after briefly studying the pile. Mr
Wilson tutted, wondering what difference their colours made.

	Deena laid out on the bed, her four limbs reaching for the corners of
the bed. "This is probably the best position, as I won't be able to roll over or
rub my legs together. Her parents, neither with any experience of restraints and
bondage, agreed it was the logical way to do it. They fastened various red ties
onto Deena's wrists and ankles then started securing them to the bedposts.

	"How does that feel?" Mr Wilson asked. Deena tossed and turned on the
bed and found the bonds were loose enough for her to roll onto her belly.

	"Too loose I think. And my hands can reach the knots to untie myself."

	"But what if you want to untie yourself?" Mrs. Wilson asked with
concern.

	"It's better that I can't. Otherwise I might have to wake you in the
night to re-tie me."

	They untied the knots at each post and pulled each tie much tighter.
Deena tested again, trying without success to roll over, then, despite her best
efforts, she couldn't stretch enough to get her fingertips within a couple of
inches from the knots at the bedposts. All three of them seemed pleased with the
end result. Mrs Wilson pulled the duvet over Deena and arranged it so only her
daughter's head and hands poked from the top. Both parents kissed their daughter
goodnight, turned off the light and quietly closed the door.

	"Maybe if you were tied to the bed like Deena you wouldn't hog the duvet
cover!" Mr Wilson joked to his wife as they walked away from Deena's room.

	"But how could I snuggle up to you," she replied, gently flirting with
him. "I suppose if you promised to cuddle me I wouldn't mind so much."

	After tying his own lovely daughter to her bed Mr. Wilson had more on
his mind than merely cuddling his wife. He looked into the bag containing his
ties. "Would blue ties okay for you, dear?"

	"Blue ties will be fine," Mrs Wilson replied cooly as she disappeared
into their bedroom. Nothing else needed to be said! Mr. Wilson dashed downstairs
to turn off the lights and lock up. He found his wife spread naked across their
bed when he returned.

	

	Thanks to his recent tying up experience Mr Wilson soon had his adored
wife right where he wanted her, and it had only taken him 25 years!

	Deena felt a peculiar feeling of contentment as she lay stretched out in
her own comfortable bed, listening to her parents' unusually noisy love-making
from the next room and thinking about all that had happened to her that week.

	"Things always work out for the best." her mother often said to her. It
was true, she thought, they really do.

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jessica Verdi


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





