BDSM Library - Kattia And Tina Meet Some Tramps




Kattia And Tina Meet Some Tramps
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother and her daughter are in the wrong side of town.
Kattia And Tina Meet Some Tramps...



The car rolled to a halt.

``Damn and blast! ` the woman, Kattia, shouted, ``Ran out of petrol! ` The woman
got out of the car and looked around. She was not familiar with this part of
town, her usual route to church was blocked with some road repairs and therefore
she had taken this detour; but she had got lost. With her was her ten-year old
daughter Tina; both were dressed for church. Tina in a pretty blue dress and
white socks, black shoes and Kattia in a black skirt and white blouse, flat
heeled shoes. The street was deserted, most of the buildings boarded up,
derelict. Kattia was nervous at being here but tried to hide it from Tina.

``Tina? We will have to and look for someone to help us. OK? ` Kattia, smiling,
said to Tina.

``OK Mom, is it far? ` Tina replied in her sweet young voice.

``Not sure honey, let's go`` Kattia held her hand out to Tina and started to
walk.

As they walked Kattia kept a tight hold of Tina's hand, the quiet disturbed her.
Even for a Sunday morning it was too quiet, no traffic, and no noise of people
going about their business. Then she heard footsteps behind her and she turned
to see a tramp, a hobo, walking behind them. `Where had he come from? ` she
thought to herself; she turned her head and walked on, picking up the pace.

``Mommy! Not so fast! I can't keep up! ` Tina complained.

``Hurry Tina! Not far now`` Kattia said in cheerful voice, though the cheerful
tone in her voice hid a fear that they were heading for trouble.

Up ahead, about five meters, a door swung open and three men stepped into their
path. Kattia hesitated for a moment and then, taking a deep breath, walked on
and tried to hide the sudden stomach churning fear that welled up in her. The
men did not move as they approached but stared at Kattia and Tina with dull,
hate filled eyes. Kattia and Tina were forced to stop, as they could not get
past the men. Kattia turned round and jumped in fright as the man who had been
behind them was now standing very close; he was staring at Tina and Kattia was
scared by the look in his eyes.

``What are you doing round here? This is our place, not for the likes of you``
one of the men snarled.

``I...I...I am looking for a petrol station. My car has run out of fuel. Do you
know where one is please? ` Kattia replied nervously.

``Would you like to use the phone? ` another man said, surprisingly well spoken.

``Yes please, that would be a big help. I have left my mobile phone at home``
she replied, relieved at the kindness in his tone.

``It's through here, right this way`` the `nice` man said indicating the open
door. Kattia hesitated, suddenly afraid to leave the street and enter the
building. Suddenly a shove in her back decided what she would do, before she
could recover and fight back she was grabbed by two of the men and dragged
through the door. As she struggled Kattia heard Tina cry out in alarm as she
also was dragged through the door and into the dark interior...

Harsh light from bare light bulbs flooded the room and Kattia looked round at
the men who were holding her and her daughter. The men looked hard and mean, the
look in their eyes scared her and she feared for her own safety and especially
Tina's.

``What do you think Bob? The young `un first or the mommy? ` one of the men said
to the man that Kattia had thought `nice` for offering her the use of a phone.
This man, known as Bob, seemed to be the leader and he walked towards Tina;
Kattia felt sick with fear as he stopped in front of a crying, trembling Tina.
He reached and tenderly lifted Tina's face up and smiled, he then looked at
Kattia, ``Mommy? I will give you a choice...you or the girl. Which shall we rape
first? `.

The stark realisation of the fate in store for them made Kattia shake with
terror, she looked at the dirty, unshaven men and she felt very afraid. The man
named Bob stood in front of Tina and slowly, smiling all the time, started to
unzip his dirty jeans. The room was silent as he pushed his jeans slowly down
his legs and Kattia gasped as she saw his semi hard cock slowly stiffening. Tina
started to really struggle now, desperately trying to escape. ``Mommy! Mommy!
Help me! Mommy! ` she cried out in terror. The man started to stroke his cock
and Tina was hysterically frantic now, twisting and writhing as the other men
held her tight in their grip. Kattia sobbed as the man, Bob waved his cock in
Tina's face and then suddenly, holding his cock in his hand, he pushed his cock
against Tina's mouth. Kattia screamed at him to stop as Tina instinctively held
her mouth shut and turned her head away. The man reached out with his other hand
and gripped her hair tight, Tina screamed in pain. As Tina screamed the man
pushed hard and Kattia watched in horror as his cock slid into Tina's mouth.
Tina's eyes went wide with shock as this man's filthy cock assaulted her,
choking and gagging her. The other men started to clap and cheer at the
spectacle of this young girl being attacked in front of her mother.



Kattia's suddenly realised two of the men were standing in front of her and she
looked at them with fear and loathing. One of the men reached for her breasts
and squeezed, hard. The other man reached down and cupped her cunt through her
skirt, also squeezing hard. Kattia squirmed and cried out in pain as they
callously squeezed and mauled her body. The men partially obscured her view on
what was happening to Tina but she could see that Bob was holding Tina's head
between his hands and pushing his cock into her mouth. Kattia started to scream
Tina's name over an over as she could see that Bob was close to cumming and she
could not stop it as the other men held her tight. With a last despairing wail
Kattia watched as Bob suddenly grunted and drove his cock hard into Tina's
mouth; he had cum in her daughters mouth. Tina's eyes bulged and her face went
white as she struggled to cope with the assault. Bob kept his cock in her mouth
and Tina had no choice but to swallow his cum or choke; a trickle of cum ran
down Tina's chin and dripped down onto her shiny black shoes. As the man
withdrew his cock from Tina's slack mouth more cum ran down her chin.

As this was happening the men holding Kattia started to drag her towards an old
table in the middle of the room. She started to kick and struggle, as she knew
the fate in that was in store for her. Kattia turned her head in time to see the
man named Bob pull Tina along with him towards the table; horrified Kattia
realised that Tina was going to see her being brutally raped! Two of the men
held Kattia by her arms and the third man put his hands on her shoulders and
pushed. She fought with all her strength to stay upright but the man was too
strong for her and she screamed as she was bent over the edge of the table.
Kattia felt vulnerable and exposed in such a position and started to sob and
tremble as she felt hands slide up her black skirt, pushing her skirt further
and further up her legs. That day she had decided to wear stockings and skimpy
white panties and she knew when they men saw her in such underwear they would
get very excited. There was a gasp as Kattia felt her skirt being pushed around
her waist and her underwear exposed. The men whistled and shouted crude comments
as they gathered round her, ``Nice ass! Look at those panties, they are hot!
What about the stockings? What a slut! Man, she was looking for a fuck dressed
like that! Gonna enjoy fucking her! ` Kattia shook with terror at the thought of
these men raping her and hurting her, she could smell them and feel their lust
surrounding her.

The man standing behind Kattia reached forward put his rough, dirty fingers
inside the waistband of her white panties and started to pull hard. If she had
not been held down Kattia would have been pulled backwards but instead, with a
loud rip, her panties were torn from her. Kattia wailed in shame as she was
brutally exposed to the leering men...and also to her innocent daughter! Hard,
dirty fingers started to pinch and touch her, touching her in her most intimate
places. She felt hot pain as a finger penetrated her dry cunt and pushed in deep
inside her. Another finger joined the first in assaulting her and her body
started to protect itself by making her pussy wet. The man with his fingers
inside her said, ``Hey boys! This one is juicing up nicely; she must be really
enjoying this! Guess she's ready for my cock now! ` The rest of the gang crowded
round to watch as he pushed his jeans down his legs. The man spat into his hand
and stroked his stiff cock. Holding his cock he pressed himself against Kattia's
body. Kattia wailed in pain and humiliation as she felt the man's cock touch her
pussy and slowly penetrate her. The man was big and his cock filled her and
stretched her; hurting her. Kattia turned her head to see what was happening to
Tina and sobbed as she saw her daughter being held by one of the men as Bob
started to pull and tear at her pretty dress. Tina was crying out in a loud
voice, `Mommy! Mommy! Mommy! ` But Kattia could not help her as she was still
held down as the man continued to drive his cock deeper and harder into her sore
and bruised cunt.

Tina's dress was soon stripped from her young body and she stood, shivering, as
the two men hurriedly stripped as well. Tina's mouth and throat was still sore
from the earlier assault and she looked fearfully at the sight of the semi naked
men. The men looked at Tina and discussed what they would do, ``I want her
juicy, tight cunt``, ``Her mouth...I want to cum in her pretty mouth! `, ``Must
have that ass; I bet she is really tight there. I bet she will squeal when I rip
into her little asshole! `. Tina heard the words but didn't really understand
what they were saying; she was too young and too innocent. Tina screamed in
fright as the two men suddenly grabbed her arms and picked her up, carrying her
between them. They moved to a dirty sofa in the corner of the room and they
tossed Tina down onto the sofa. She lay there, stunned, as Bob reached down and
grabbed her frilly vest and pulled hard; it was torn away with a loud ripping
noise. His dirty hands went straight to her chest and pinched and pulled at her
nipples, Tina started again to call for her mommy.



But Kattia could not help her as she sobbed in terror as the man buried in her
cunt suddenly shouted, ``I'm cumming! Take my cum you dirty slut! ` The man
drove his cock hard into her body and she felt his cum flood her cunt, the man
held himself deep inside her as his cock throbbed and pulsated inside her.
Before Kattia could take a breath one of the other men shoved the man who had
just raped her out of the way and he frantically shoved his trousers down and
pushed his cock against her tender pussy, ``Get ready you bitch! I am going to
make you squeal with my cock up your ass! `. With these words Kattia knew her
worst nightmare was upon her; her virgin asshole was about to be raped! The man
drove his cock hard into her pussy, wet with her juices and the other rapists
cum, and pumped hard into her body.

Tina writhed with pain on the sofa and tried to hit the man who was cruelly
pinching and mauling her tender pre-teen breasts. The man, Bob, suddenly stopped
and Tina sobbed in relief but worse was to come for this sweet, young girl. He
left her tiny breasts but his hands slid down to take hold of her white cotton
panties. Tina realised that he intended to take her panties down and screamed
loudly but to no avail as he was too strong and he easily pulled them down her
youthful, coltish legs. She put her hands over her tiny slit, desperate for him
not to see her. The other man stepped forward and grabbed her arms and pulled
them over her head; Tina was now totally exposed to the men's leering stares.
Bob leaned down and pushed her legs apart and smiled as her hairless crack
opened up to him. Tina looked down and saw his body coming closer and closer to
her, his cock pointing straight at her slit. The smell from the man was awful
and Tina was twisting and turning, trying to escape but the man holding her was
too strong and he laughed and said, ``That's it little girl, we always like our
cunts to struggle. Makes it so much better! `

Tina cried out in shock and pain as she felt something press into her virgin
pussy; the pain was intense as the man lying on top of her started to stab into
her with his cock. There was no mercy, no compassion in the man's eyes as he
brutally forced his cock into Tina's tiny slit, spreading her legs wider. The
man was sweating and grunting as he pressed the tip of his cock into her, the
pain she felt was rising, as her young body was ripped open, her pussy torn
open. The man pressed harder and his cock slid further and further inside her.
``Ugh! Man, she is so tight! Ugh! I can hardly get it in her! ` Bob grunted as
he pushed deeper inside the young girl. Tina was screaming and screaming now, as
her young pussy was brutally ripped open. Her eyes went wide with pain and shock
as she felt this man's cock press hard against her hymen and she looked up at
the man as he smiled down at her through his gritted teeth. ``Gonna bust you
open! Make you into a woman, you little whore! ` With that Bob pulled out his
cock until only the tip was inside Tina and then he drove back in, hard! Tina's
mouth opened but no scream came as the pain and the shock of her ruptured hymen
stunned and shocked her into silence. Bob felt Tina's blood wash over his cock,
lubricating her cunt and his cock, making it easier for him to rape this little
girl. With a roar Bob came inside her, his cum mixing with Tina's blood, his
cock pulsating and shooting streams of cum deep inside her body. Bob looked down
and saw the mess tricking from her cunt, blood and cum mixed. Tina just lay
there, totally traumatised and shocked.

While Tina was being raped Kattia was also being brutally assaulted. The second
man had pushed his cock into her cum filled cunt and started to fuck her hard.
As he fucked her he put his rough hands on her ass cheeks and spread her, her
wrinkled bud exposed. The man pressed into her bud with his finger and Kattia
screamed in pain and humiliation as her asshole was penetrated. The pain was
indescribable as his hard cock drove into her sore and bruised cunt and his
finger pushed deeper inside her ass. Suddenly the man pulled his cock from her
cunt and Kattia felt the man pull his finger from her ass. Then, gripping her
hips tight, he pressed his cock against her asshole and pushed! Kattia opened
her mouth and screamed loudly as she felt her asshole being violated by this
man's cock, she felt as if she was being ripped in two as he pushed deeper and
deeper inside her. He started to fuck her, driving his cock in and out of her
ass and quite quickly he shouted, ``I'm cumming! `. Kattia could feel his cock
pulsing and throbbing inside her as he exploded a jet of cum deep inside her
ravaged body. The man slumped forward, spent, pinning Kattia to the dirty table,
her breasts pressed flat. The man pulled his cock from her ass and pulled her up
to stand on shaky legs, he turned her round and tried to kiss her, his hands
roughly mauling her breasts. ``Did you enjoy that? Enjoy my cock in your cute
ass? `.

Kattia looked around at the scene before her. Her daughter, Tina, was kneeling
before one of the men; she had his cock in her mouth. Kattia could see the mess
of blood and cum trickling down Tina's thighs. Kattia felt hands on her
shoulders and she too was forced down onto her knees before the leader of the
gang, Bob. He stood before her, his cock smeared in her daughters blood and her
juices, ``Lick it! Make it nice and clean for when I fuck you! ` With that he
grabbed Kattia by the hair and forced his cock into her mouth....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Man Ray


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





