BDSM Library - Social Contract




Social Contract
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Female domination in the context of current political trends.
Social Contract

Stephen Elliott
stephen.elliott@stanford.edu

"You have the right bare arms," she says, slipping the ropes through my fingers,
and then around my elbows, pinning them painfully together and cinching them
through the window handle above my head. "Just not these arms."

Her skin is the color of pasta but smooth and flawless. "Harry Truman invented
the National Security Administration," she says, my right leg pulled at the
ankle by a long cord that finally connects at the base of a radiator. My other
leg spread, the rope looped around the refrigerator. My legs spread akimbo, my
body utterly vulnerable. "The people have to be afraid, Truman said. That was
the way Harry Truman thought. We have to fear the communists. Franklin Roosevelt
was dead. Long live Franklin Roosevelt."

The nipple clamps hurt. The ball gag she has stuffed into my mouth makes it
impossible for me to answer her, if there was an answer to be given. She didn't
ask me if I wanted this. She's stronger than me, especially since my accident. I
never fight her anymore. She does what she wants.

"The Geneva convention holds that you can't torture prisoners. America is a
signatory to the Geneva convention. Are you a prisoner?" I nod my head. She
closes my nose shut with two fingers. I can't breath through the gag she has
placed in my mouth. There is a moment of peace I feel. This is it, I think. I am
going to die. And then my body starts to flop, the panic coming through me
involuntarily, and she's laughing, and she lets go of my nose, and the air
rushes into my body in deep, sweeping breathes, and her laughter fills the room
with its cruelty.

"We don't care about treaties," she says. "Hitler didn't care about Versailles
and they gave him Czechoslovakia, the Rhineland, Austria. Anshlung. That's what
they call it. But Hitler had his problems. Repressed homosexual." Her hand runs
along my stomach and the top of my leg and then down beneath me, her finger
touching my anus. "Are you a repressed homosexual? You don't seem to like sex
very much. I think you are." I feel her finger slip slightly into my anus and
then out. "So he died in a bombed out bunker in Berlin in 1944, with his new
wife Eva Braun." I watch as she stands and walks to the closet and dips through
the door, rumaging through the sound of paper bags. She has such long legs.
She's a cyclist. Her long thin body is knotty with strips of muscles. Then she's
in front of me, between my legs, looking gleefully into my eyes, forcing
something large into my ass. I scream into the gag, a muffled gasp, a blunt
dulled shriek. Whatever it is goes in and it burns and it stays there. The pain
begins to subside. But she still has something in her hand and she squeezes it
and an electric shock shoots through my bowels, my eyes bulging in my face, my
body pouring sweat onto the sheets.

"I was wondering if that would work."

She smiles, warmly, happy, and content. It's been twelve years now since the
first day we met. A couple of waiters in a young restaurant on the edge of the
city, working to make ends meet. We didn't know what we had.

"We don't care about treaties," she continues. "In 1953 Eisenhower signed a
treaty that provided for free elections in Vietnam in two years time. But when
it came due he changed his mind. He said if Vietnam had free elections Ho Chi
Mihn would receive eighty percent of the vote. And that wouldn't be good for
America. So much for democracy. The people felt cheated. Do you feel cheated?"
She steps forward, her naked foot on my stomach, walks over me, and then places
her foot on my  face. She rubs her foot over my face, back and forth, across my
nose. She steps on the clamp on my nipple and I let out another involuntary dull
scream. "Do you feel cheated? Cheated by our vows, to have and to hold, to
protect, till death do us part. Do you think we've parted too early? Did you
think things would be different when you pledged your allegiance in school, and
at the baseball games? That your country would protect you, while the bombs fell
across the desert, and U.S. installed dictators sent death squads across the
villages of South and Central America to kill the women and children first. Here
is your democracy." Her foot presses hard on my face, and my nose hurts. With
the heel of her foot she pushes the gag further toward the back of my throat.
Tears spring from my eyes, soaking the fabric around my ears. "You should be
able to answer some of my questions. You should."

"I'm not blaming America," she says, sitting on my chest, and then turning
around, facing away from me. Her long back. She's wrapped a chain around my
penis and balls and she's slowly making it tighter. "I was born here, same as
you. I'm not blaming anybody. It's just that you have the right to remain
silent, and maybe the Republicans really did win the election, and maybe they
didn't. It's too close to call. Both sides believed in three strikes you're out.
How many strikes do you have?" she asks, turning her head to me briefly and then
going back to her task. "There's no welfare here. You'll have to work for what
you get." I've surrendered myself to the continuous pain. I've allowed the pain
running through my body to numb my mind. This is my wife. This is what we have.
Who would have thought we would have lived in this apartment all this time.

"And then the wars came." Another shock rings through the electric plug in my
ass. She's loosening the chains. Gently wrapping her thumb and forefinger around
my penis and balls. "And they flew planes into our buildings and our buildings
buckling and falling to the ground. We have to defend ourselves. They would have
done it anyway, whether we deserved it or not. That's the way people are. And
the president didn't want to consult congress anymore. He asked them to dissolve
themselves, to remove themselves from the conflict. And of course they did.
Self-preservation, in the face of terror.

She slides her body back, so her ass is just in front of my nose, the smell of
her.

"Do you remember Bukharin?" she asks. "Of course not. None of us do. It was
1934, and he confessed in a public address to the people. He turned on his
fellow Bolsheviks, Kamenev, Trostsky, Zinoviev, all Jews. He wanted to save
himself. But Stalin placed him under house arrest anyway and as he was waiting
to die he sent a note to Stalin. Really Stalin, he pleaded, Do you have to kill
me? But who was he to ask for forgiveness. All of the original Bolsheviks
subscribed to a doctrine of terror, of starving their own people. It was merely
the rooster coming home to roost." Her hand is in my mouth, fishing out the gag,
plucking it from between my cheeks. She rubs her fingers inside my lips,
massaging my gums. And she's right, I breath so much easier now. She undoes the
rope at my ankles and my knees slide together, my legs bending on their own
will. She undoes my hands from the window and releases my elbows but keeps my
hands tied together. My hands tied, I curl into a ball, pulling the tear soaked
sheet with me. And she curls behind me, her body circling my body, her knees
forcing between my knees, one hand underneath my head and across my chest, the
other between my legs, gripping my penis. I can feel her body, her strength
which seems to increase everyday even as mine declines. Her body is so firm,
intent and purposeful.

"My darling," she says, a whisper, her voice like the cars on the street,
penetrating into the darkness. "I'll protect you." Her breath across my ear,
searching through my hair. "You don't have to worry. Never worry. Never ever
worry again. I will keep you safe."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Stephen Elliott


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





