BDSM Library - Kathy's Story




Kathy's Story
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Kathy finds out that being a slave is much harder than fantasizing about it online, learning her new place involves a lot of pain and humiliation.
Kathy's Story

Part 1

My name is Kathy Baldwin,  I was born in a small town in Indiana, where my
family had lived for at least four generations.  Growing up in a small town in
Indiana sucked.  There was no way around it, and when we got internet access and
cable and I found out just how much I was missing out on, it just got worse.  I
wasn't really into school or sports or anything.  So by default, I ended up
hanging out with all the burnouts.  The kids who did nothing but hang out and do
drugs and drink. Surprisingly, those were two things it was easy to get.  As a
girl, I didn't even have to pay, I just got them for let the guys fool around
with me.  I started drinking at 14, and having sex not long afterwards.  It was
easy, a quick blowjob or two would get me all I could drink for a whole night. 
The problems started when my parents found out.  They were good church people,
really involved in the local Methodist church, and finding out their daughter
was a drunk and a slut was more than they could handle.  So of course, they did
the smart thing and sent me off to live with the relatives.  Specifically, with
my Aunt and Uncle in Ohio.  I was amazed to find that there were actually towns
less interesting than where I'd grown up, this place was the same size, but they
didn't seem to have the underworld that I'd gotten into.  Everyone was clean and
well behaved.  I hated it with a passion.  The only thing I enjoyed was getting
online and chatting with people.  Because I was bored, and increasingly horny, I
spent a lot of time in sexual chatrooms.  Luckily for me, both my Aunt and Uncle
had jobs, so I had plenty of time home with just my cousins.  They were a few
years younger than me, which meant I didn't really have to babysit or anything,
and they had friends of their own and stayed out of my hair.  A lot of
afternoons I would be naked in front of the computer, playing with myself while
guys online would tell me what they wanted to do to me.  Over time, I spent more
and more time in S/M rooms, and then I started chatting with one specific guy.

He said he was in his mid-30's, a biker, and looking for a slave.   The more I
chatted with him, the more I wanted to actually experience being his slave. 
After nine months, as my birthday approached and I finished the school year, my
parents decided to let me come home after I promised that I would be a good girl
and not fall back into my old life.  My Aunt and Uncle dropped me off at the bus
station on their way to work, leaving me there to wait the two hours until my
bus left.  Instead of waiting, I got on the bus to Cleveland, leaving behind all
of my luggage and, hopefully, my boring life.  After the bus got to Cleveland, I
called the phone number that I'd gotten, the person on the other end gave me an
address and a room number.  Like I had been told online when we made these
plans, I went into the bathroom, took off my bra and panties and stuffed them
into the garbage.  I stopped to look at myself in the mirror.  I was 5'5" 105
lbs, brown hair, blue eyes.  I hoped he wouldn't be disappointed with my body,
my tits weren't very big, only about 32B, and I was pretty thin.  I had started
shaving my pussy not long after I moved in with my Aunt and Uncle and had kept
it that way at his direction.  I heard the door to the bathroom opening, so I
quickly slipped into a stall and pulled my dress back on.  I slipped out of the
bathroom and checked a map of Cleveland on the wall of the bus station.  Seeing
the address was right up the street, I walked out of the station and over to
what turned out to be a pretty run down hotel.  I went in, there was no one at
the desk, so I just walked to the room number I had been given and knocked. The
door opened and he was there.  He was huge, at least 6'4" and probably 250 lbs,
really muscular, but also with a gut.  He had a beard and his arms were covered
with tattoos. He was wearing a t-shirt and jeans.  He reached out and grabbed
me, pulling me into the room and shutting the door behind me.  He pushed me to
the foot of the bed and pulled my purse off of my shoulder.

"Don't look at me", he snapped as I started to turn back around.  I stood facing
the bed, suddenly afraid.  I heard and felt him step close behind me, then felt
him lift the strap of my sundress.  He cut it, and then repeated the same thing
on the other side.  My dress fell to the floor, leaving me totally naked.  He
started running his hands over my body, first my ass, then around front to cup
my breasts.  His leg slid between mine, forcing them apart before his hand
slipped down my belly to cup my pussy, one finger digging inside, finding me
already wet.  Then his hands were gone, I fought the urge to turn around,
standing as he'd left me until his hands suddenly wrapped around my head,
putting a wide piece of tape over my mouth, gagging me.  He pushed me hard,
making me fall onto the bed.

"On all fours slut", he ordered.  I got on my hands and knees on the bed as he
climbed on behind me.  I felt his cock at the entrance to my pussy without any
delay.  I hadn't had sex since before I went to stay with my aunt and uncle, so
I was really tight as he forced his way into me.  I moaned into the gag as he
fucked in and out of my pussy, reaching up to pull and twist my nipples at the
same time, pressing me down with his weight.  He fucked me hard and fast,
without pausing at all.  On my hands and knees, getting fucked by an almost
stranger in a dirty motel, my mouth taped shut, it was so much like my fantasies
that I came almost instantly.  He kept fucking me, then pulled out and ordered
me to turn around.  I stayed on all fours, turning to face him, my face right in
front of his cock as he stroked it.  He wrapped his hand in my hair and
continued to stroke his cock until it jerked and shot his cum all over my face. 
It hit me in the eyes, making me jerk away, pulling my hair.  He pulled my head
back and slapped my hand away as I reached up to wipe my eyes.  "You never wipe
away cum slut, that's what you exist for now, to take men's cum." 

I put my hand back on the bed, letting the cum run down my face, eyes burning. 
He stood up and pulled his pants on, then stepped back into his boots.  He
reached into his pocket and pulled out two scraps of cloth and threw them on the
bed.  "Get dressed slut", he said as he pulled his T-shirt back on.  I picked up
the pieces of fabric and realized they were a thong bikini.  I pulled on the
bottoms, they were made of a string around the waist that tied on each hip and
another than ran down between my ass cheeks, and the front was a tiny triangle
that barely covered my pussy lips.  The top was two small triangles that just
covered my nipples, a string around my chest and one around my neck.  I stood
there, wearing the bikini, feeling more than naked, mouth still taped, waiting
to see what would happen next.  He picked up a roll of tape like the piece over
my mouth and ordered me to put my hands behind my back.  I did and he began
wrapping the tape around my wrists, binding them.  He wrapped it three or four
times.  Then he picked me up and dropped me on the bed.  He pulled my legs
together and taped my ankles together.  He set the tape down and picked up a
knife, my eyes went wide.  He picked up my dress and used the knife to cut it
into small pieces.  He took the shreds and went into the bathroom.  I lay on the
bed and listened, hearing the toilet flush a couple of times.  He came out,
picked my purse up and put it around my neck, then picked me up, throwing me
over his shoulder and walking out of the room.  He carried me down the back
staircase of the motel and out to the parking lot.  He stopped behind a maroon
car and unlocked the trunk.  He bent over, dumping me into the trunk and slammed
it closed.

I heard the car start and felt it move, but in the darkness of the trunk, I
couldn't see anything, and the rough carpet was scratching my almost nude body
as the car drove on.  Eventually, I dozed off, waking to the feeling of my hair
being pulled hard.  I looked up and saw him, my hair in his hand, As I blinked
in the bright lights, trying to figure out where I was, he dragged me out of the
car, pulling me over his shoulder again.  Looking around I saw that we were in a
parking lot in front of a strip mall, there weren't any cars in the lot, and the
business I could see were dark.  I was carried through a doorway and into a
beauty salon. I was dumped into a chair while he walked into the back room and 
came back with a woman.  She looked like she was probably in her 30's, but still
in good shape, wearing a pair of black capri pants, a halter top, and a smock. 
She was in really good shape, trim and her bare arms were muscular.  They both
stood looking at me, then she told him to pick me up and bring me in the back. 
In the back room, he untied my bikini and pulled it off, leaving me nude. Then
he set me down in a chair. The woman came back with a pair of ropes and used
them to tie my knees open, exposing my pussy and forcing my legs into a diamond
shape since my ankles were still taped. My arms were trapped behind me and my
mouth was still covered with tape.  She used more rope to secure my head to the
chair. locking me in place.  I was turned so that I wasn't looking at a mirror,
and now I couldn't turn my head so I couldn't see what was going on.  She
started working on my hair, washing it first then doing something else.  While I
was trying to figure out what was going on, she wheeled over a cart and looked
up at the man who had brought me.  He nodded and she flipped a switch, picking
up a wand like thing with a needle on the end.  She leaned over and started
working on my pussy area.  I realized it was an electrolysis machine as the
electricity shocked me, making me moan behind the gag.  She kept working, moving
all around my pussy, the pain hitting me again and again.  My eyes glazed over
and I lost track of time as she worked.  After a while, she pulled my hips
forward, tilting my body up and starting to work on the area around my asshole. 
The pain became much worse, and I tried to get loose, but I could barely move. 
She finally shut the machine off, and stood up.  I heard her tell him that he
might need to bring me back for more treatments, since it was hard to be sure
she'd gotten it all when I was shaved.  She started working on my hair again,
and a few minutes later, she spun the chair around so that I could see myself in
the mirror.

I was amazed because I looked completely different.  My hair was blonde,
obviously fake, and the way she had cut it made me look completely different. 
She pulled my hair into pigtails, which made me look even younger than 16.  He
told her she'd done a good job as he ran his rough hand over my red, inflamed
pussy.  He forced a finger into my pussy, making me moan through my gag and push
my hips up to try and capture more of it.  He smiled, pulling his finger out and
untied me from the chair, ordering me to stand.  I stood up, my legs shaky as he
tied my bikini back onto my body.  He then picked me up, threw me over his
shoulder and carried me back out to the car, dumping me in the trunk.  The car
started again, but this time it only drove for a little while before stopping. 
The trunk opened again and I was picked up.  He had pulled into a garage, I was
thrown over his shoulder and carried into a house.  Once in the house, he
dropped me on the ground and pulled his knife out.  He bent over and cut away
the tape on my wrists and ankles, tearing it off my skin.  He left the tape
covering my mouth as he grabbed my pigtails and pulled my head back to look into
my eyes, "You crawl on your belly slave, until I tell you otherwise. If your
tits or cunt are not touching the ground, you'll be beaten"  He pushed my head
down and I dropped to my belly on the cold hard wood floor.  He reached down and
untied the strings holding my top and bottoms on, then walked farther into the
house, ordering me to follow.  I slithered behind him, my bikini slipping off,
leaving me nude again.  I dragged my body along the floor, as he led me into a
room where another man sat at a computer.  They chatted for a minute as I lay at
his feet.  Then he pulled me up by the pigtails, ordering me to stand against
the wall.  He told me he was going to take the tape off of my mouth, but that if
I spoke, he'd beat me senseless.  After he pulled the tape off, he stepped away. 
I was told to look into a camera in front of me, and then to turn to each side
and to face the wall.  After The last turn, I was ordered back to the floor.

The two men leaned together in front of the computer and then the printer
started.  A card was dropped in front of me, I looked at it and saw that it was
a New York driver's license, with my picture and different personal information. 
It had a new name for me and showed that I was 18.  I was confused, but he
quickly dropped more papers in front of me, then sat cross legged in front of
me, sorting through them.  There was a birth certificate, with the new name and
birthday, showing I was born in Syracuse, NY.  There was also a slave contract,
and a power of attorney, giving him control of my legal matters, showing my new
name.  He handed me a pen and ordered me to sign the contracts.  I did as told,
he grabbed my chin and pulled my face up.  I was told that from now on,
responding to my old name would result in punishment.  He told me that most of
the time I would be called cunt or slut or slave, but if I ever had to speak
with someone who didn't know I was a slave, I would use the new name.  I nodded
that I understood and he let go of my chin, taking the papers and standing up.

He asked if I needed to use the bathroom, I thought for a minute and nodded yes. 
He snapped his fingers and walked out of the room, on my belly I crawled behind
him.  He led me to the backdoor of the house and out into the yard.  He pointed
to the grass and told me to go ahead and go.  Having discussed this online, I
knew what he wanted and crawled out into the yard, squatting and pissing in the
grass.  When I finished, I crawled back to him, watching as he started a fire in
the barbeque and burned my old id and everything else that was in my purse.  He
walked back inside, as I followed him on my belly.  The other guy was there
sitting on the couch watching TV.  I was told to crawl to him, take his cock out
and suck it,  I wormed my way across the floor, knelt in front of him and
reached up, opening his pants.  His cock popped out, already hard and I leaned
forward and took it in my mouth.  He leaned back, drinking his beer and talking
with the man who had brought me while I worked on his cock, paying no attention
to me at all.  I tried to get his attention, bobbing up and down, feeling his
cock slide into my throat.  He continued to ignore me, the only acknowledgement
I got was when he thrust deeper into my mouth and his cock started spurting cum. 
Surprised, I was barely able to gulp it down.  I licked his cock clean and
closed his pants up before going back to my belly on the floor.  The man who had
brought me said it was time to leave and ordered me to fetch my bikini.  I
wormed my way across the floor and picked it up, bringing it back to him.  He
ordered me to get dressed, I quickly tied it back around my body, covering my
tits and cunt again.  He walked back out to the car, carrying the folder holding
all my new documents.  In the garage, I was allowed to get onto my hands and
knees and crawl.  He opened the trunk and I quickly climbed inside.  He shut the
trunk and I soon heard the car start and felt it move.  Again I dozed off as He
drove.  I woke to pain in my scalp again.  As I was dragged out of the trunk I
saw that we had parked in front of a secluded house.  He dropped me to the
ground and walked away.  I crawled behind him as he walked to the front door, he
unlocked the door and walked inside.  Instinctively, I removed the bikini before
following him and fell to my belly as soon as i was through the door.  He shut
the door, ignoring me and walked further into the house,  I followed as he sat
in a large recliner, looking me over.

Without warning he began speaking. He explained that I was now a slave, and
would be from this point forward, I had made the last choices of my life and
from now on would obey immediately or suffer.  I nodded as he continued.  He
told me that my body was now his, to do with as he wished, that I would not be
asked about anything and if I objected, again, I would be punished.  He stood up
and ordered me to stay.  He walked into another room, returning a few minutes
later, naked and carrying a small bag.

He ordered me to roll onto my back, standing over me.  He knelt down and reached
into the bag, pulling out a long silver needle.  He leaned down and started
sucking on my right nipple, pinching it with his teeth and pulling it away from
my chest until it was hard.  He then straightened up and pushed the needle
through my nipple from the outside, I moaned in pain until it had slid all the
way through, he left it in place and pulled another needle from the bag.  He did
it again with my left nipple, also leaving the needle in place.  Then he moved
down between my legs, pushing them open wide.  He ordered me to rub my clit, I
slid my hand over my pussy, slipping my finger over my clit, rubbing and
stroking it.  As my hips started to thrust up off the floor he pulled my hand
away and replaced it with a large clamp on my clit.  I screamed in agony and
thrashed on the floor, the needles in my nipples poked into my body, making me
bleed a little bit.  He held me down with his weight and pulled another needle
out of his bag, pushing it through my clit, I sobbed and screamed, but couldn't
get away as he forced the needle through and left it there.

As soon as he was done, he stood up and ordered me to kneel.  I didn't do it
quickly enough, and he kicked me hard in the side.  Once I was on my knees, he
kicked them wide apart and grabbed a hold of my hair.  Without warning he
started fucking my face, forcing his hard cock into my mouth, thrusting it in
and out without giving me a chance to breathe or react.  After a couple of
minutes, he pulled out and told me to wrap my hands around his cock and jerk him
off on my face.  Carefully avoiding the needles I reached up and started to
stroke his wet cock, it only took a few seconds before it began to jerk and
spurt cum all over my face.  Remembering what he'd told me earlier, I fought not
to close my eyes or pull away.  When he finished cumming he started walking away
and ordered me to heel.

His cum still dripping from my face, I dropped to all fours and crawled behind
him.  He walked through a door and down a flight of steps.  Moving carefully to
avoid the needles, I followed him down into a full dungeon, chains, cages,
whips, and other things covered the room.  He ordered me to kneel on a platform
on one side.  Once I was in place, knees spread wide again, he locked metal bars
over my ankles and calves to hold me in place.  He lowered two chains from the
ceiling, locking cuffs around each of my wrists and pulling them back over my
head.  He then wheeled over a machine and pulled wires from it, using small
clamps to attach them to the needles still in my nipples and clit, a clamp on
each end of every needle.  He told me to have a good night, then walked back up
the stairs, turning off the lights and leaving me in the dark.




Kathy's Story

Part 2

A few minutes later, my knees started to hurt from kneeling, but I couldn't
move.  I tried to pull loose, but there wasn't anything I could do.  Suddenly, a
shock shot through my left nipple, feeding through the needle and making me
scream.  Quickly, another one went through my right nipple and then my clit, one
after the other.  There wasn't anything I could do to get away, I could only
kneel there and scream and cry.  The shocks rotated, then all hit me at once. 
They varied, sometimes coming quickly and lasting a second or two, other times
lasting for what seemed like minutes.  Finally, I couldn't cry or scream anymore
and just hung from my wrists, gasping for breath.  I could barely lift my head
when I saw a light and heard Him walking down the stairs.  He was wearing a pair
of shorts, as he reached me, he started yanking the clamps off without opening,
pulling on the needles, making me moan again and thrash feebly.   Without
speaking to me, he began jerking the needles out, pain shot through me as he
broke the scabs that had formed around the piercings and replaced the needles
with thick rings. He pushed his cock into my dry mouth, pissing without warning. 
I choked on the awful taste, but was so weak it filled my mouth until I
swallowed.  When He was done pissing, he held my pigtails and fucked in and out
of my mouth, not caring that I couldn't even respond as he used my mouth to get
off.  His cock jerked in my throat as he shot his load and I gulped it down.  He
then unlocked the chains on my wrists, leaving the cuffs around my wrists and
letting me collapse on the platform while he unlocked the bars on my legs,  When
I was free, he ordered me to follow him and headed back up the stairs.  I
crawled up the stairs, barely able to move.  At the top of the stairs, he pushed
me back onto my belly and I wormed my way across the floor, following him.  I
could feel the rings pulling at my tits and clit as they dragged across the
floor.  He led me into the kitchen and ordered me to lie on the floor and lick
his feet while he ate breakfast. 

Even after he used my mouth, it was still dry after the night of sweating and
crying.  I dragged my dry tongue over his feet as he ate, trying to do a good
job for him.  He didn't acknowledge me, eating and reading his newspaper.  When
he finished, he reached under the table and grabbed my by the hair, dragging me
through the house into the back yard, I struggled to keep up, whining at the
pain in my scalp.  In the backyard, he dropped me in the grass and told me to
squat and piss.  I struggled into a squatting position, but after the night of
sweating I couldn't piss.  He stood over me for a few minutes, telling me that
if i didn't go he'd have to punish me.  I tried really hard, but couldn't do it. 
He ordered me to crawl over to two posts set in the ground in the middle of the
yard.  When I got there he chained my hands and ankles to the posts, so I was
standing spreadeagle, barely on my toes.  Without warning he started whipping
me, hitting me across the back over and over, until I was shaking and crying. 
He told me it would continue until I pissed.  I strained, but couldn't go.  He
walked around in front of me and began whipping my chest and stomach.  I sobbed
in agony, but finally a small stream of piss leaked out of my pussy.  He stopped
beating me and I collapsed in the bonds, hanging by my wrists.  He let me hang
there for a long time, I tried to stand up, but couldn't get my feet under me. 
Finally he came back and unlocked the wrist cuffs, letting me collapse in the
grass.  He grabbed my hair and pulled me up, asking if i was hungry.  I nodded
and he dropped me back to the ground.  He ordered to follow him and I wormed my
way across the grass on my belly, flinching as the welts on my chest and stomach
rubbed against the ground.  On the porch at the back of the house, he ordered me
onto all fours and went inside.  I knelt there on all fours, waiting.   He came
back with a dog dish, he set it down in front of me, and I could see it was full
of canned dog or cat food.  He said I must also be thirsty and started pissing
into the bowl.  When it was almost full, he ordered me to start eating.  I
lowered my head to the bowl and began to choke the piss and food down, fighting
the urge to throw up.  While I was eating, he walked around behind me and slid
something up my ass.  Fighting the food and piss down, i almost spit it out when
cold water started flowing into my ass.  I finished most of the food and he
ordered me to lick the bowl clean as my stomach started cramping and I shivered
from the cold water.  He ordered me to stay and pulled over a hose, he used it
to wash the dirt and grime off of me, using cold water.  After I was soaked he
walked inside, coming back out with a toilet brush and dishwashing soap.  He
squeezed the soap over me, making the welts from my whipping burn, then began
scrubbing me down with the toilet brush.  After he had done my whole body, he
picked the hose up and rinsed me off.  He told me to stand up, walk out into the
grass and squat then pull the plug out and release the water in my ass.  Barely
able to stand on my shaking legs, I did as he ordered, spraying all over my legs
and the ground as I pulled the plug out.  He used the hose to wash me off again
and ordered me to stay there, in the sun and dry until he came for me.  Then he
walked into the house and closed the door.

I was warm again and my hair was mostly dry by the time he came back out.  He
was wearing his vest and jeans.  He had a different bikini for me, even smaller
than the last one, it was the same kind of top, barely covering my nipples, the
rings showed through obviously.  The bottoms were just a string around my waist
and one that went between my legs, splitting my pussy, hiding nothing.  He also
had a wide leather collar, which he locked around my neck and clipped a leash to
the ring on the front, pulling me back into the house.  He told me to walk, not
crawl as he led me out into the garage and told me to get on his motorcycle.  I
climbed on and he put a pair of glasses on me that were totally dark, so i
couldn't see.  He climbed on and started the bike, telling me to wrap my arms
around him as he started riding.

When he stopped, I felt him get off the bike, but he didn't say anything to me. 
I stayed there, unable to see, trying to stay still.  I heard voices, but
couldn't make out what they were saying.  Suddenly a hand grabbed a hold of my
hair and dragged me off the bike, jerking the leash also.  I was dropped to the
ground and a voice ordered me to strip.  Frightened, I pulled the bikini off,
leaving myself naked on the ground.  I could tell it was dirt and felt the rocks
against my body.  Someone jerked my leash, pulling me along.  I stayed on the
ground, keeping my self flat as I tried to keep up.  I felt the ground change
from dirt to smooth tile.  The glasses were pulled off and I was able to look
around.  I was inside a large building, there were a couple of pool tables and
big screen TV's.  Men like my Master were all over the place, drinking, talking,
and playing pool and darts.  There were also women and girls, some in jeans and
t-shirts, but most were naked or nearly naked.  I saw a girl who looked about my
age in one corner, she was hanging from the roof by her wrists, chained over her
head, her ankles were chained to the floor widely spread, and there were two
poles sticking up and pushing into her pussy and ass.  Her body was covered with
welts and tattoos, I saw that most of the girls that were naked had at least a
few tattoos and most also had a lot of piercings. My Master was standing next to
me, holding my leash.  He was talking to another man dressed like him, I heard
him say that I was probably thirsty and that he should take me to the bathroom. 
The man took my leash and pulled me across the room, I dropped to my stomach and
crawled behind him.  In the bathroom, there was already an asian girl tied over
one of the toilets, he ordered me to kneel beside another toilet.  He took ropes
and tied me over the toilet, using them to pull my arms back behind me and under
the toilet seat, then tying my ankles back around the bottom to the toilet too. 
He pulled my hair into a ponytail and tied a rope around it and pulled my head
back so that I was looking straight up.  He told me that I should be a good
slave and do whatever anyone wanted.  He took two fingers and shoved them into
my dripping cunt, then rubbed it all over my face before leaving me.  A few
minutes later a different man came into the room, he pulled his cock out and
started pissing into my mouth without pausing.  I had to gulp to keep the piss
from running out of my mouth.  He said something about how I must love piss to
be gulping it down so quickly, after he finished he pushed his cock into my
mouth and told me to lick it clean.  While I cleaned it, he promised to send me
more customers.  Before leaving he twisted my new nipple rings a couple of times
and told me to have fun.   I stayed there, stretched over the toilet for the
next few hours, men coming in to piss in my mouth every few minutes.  Women used
the bathroom too, but they all used the asian girl.  It wasn't long before the
way I was tied started to really hurt my knees and back, but there wasn't
anything I could do about it.  Finally, a different man came in and began to
untie me, my stomach was bulging it was so full as he let me loose I collapsed
on the floor of the bathroom.  He grabbed my ponytail and pulled me up over the
toilet.  Holding my face above the bowl, he stuck his gloved fingers down my
throat until I gagged.  He held my head in place while I choked and threw up all
the piss I had drunk over the last few hours.  When I stopped spitting up, he
dropped me back to the floor and dragged me out into the main room by my leash.

He handed my leash back to my Master, who asked me if I was having fun.  I shook
my head yes, wanting him to be happy with me, even though I was beginning to
think I'd made a mistake.  He pulled me over to a corner of the room, where a
really fat man covered with tattoos was sitting on a stool.  He looked me over
and asked my Master if he wanted a tattoo or brand.  At the sound of the word
brand, I tried to pull away, that was one of the things I'd told him I didn't
want to do when we were chatting online.  He'd promised to respect my limits,
but I heard him say he wanted a brand. I screamed and begged and tried to pull
away.  The last thing I remembered was him turning towards me looking very
angry, his hand lashed out and everything went black.  I woke up and struggled
as I realized I was tied down tight, I could barely raise my head and look
around.   I was on a table, tied so that my ass hung off the edge, my legs were
tied to the table legs and my arms were tied above my head and wide apart, ropes
were wrapped around my body, holding it against the table and preventing me from
moving.  The tattooed man was standing beside me, he smiled showing me that most
of his teeth were missing.  He lifted a long metal shaft from a box next to me,
I saw the end was white hot and a brand.  Without paying any attention to my
begging and pleading, he moved and quickly pressed it into the bare flesh above
my pussy.  I sobbed in agony as it burned into my body.  After a few seconds
that seemed like hours, he took it away and put it back in the box.  My master
walked over and leaned close to my ear, telling me I was a slave, and I'd do as
I was told and it would be best to forget about any limits.  He stood up and
announced that that new slave was now available to satisfy everyone.  Men lined
up and started fucking me, sliding their cocks in without any preparation or
foreplay.  My pussy was soaked, and dripping wet, I didn't know why.  Each one
of the men thrust until I got close to orgasm, then pulled out and jerked
himself off until they came all over me.  None of them gave me the chance to
cum, taking long enough between each time to let me calm down.  I was whining,
both from the pain of the brand and the need to cum before very long.  My chest
and stomach were covered with cum and two of the naked girls were brought over
and began to rub the cum into my body.  I was allowed to rest a few minutes
before my Master came over and untied me, he pulled me off of the table, holding
me up because i couldn't stand on my legs.  He dragged me over in front of a
mirror and made me look at myself.  I looked nothing like I had a couple of days
before, my hair was totally different, my body was covered with welts and above
my pussy was the word SLAVE in block letters.  He let go of me, letting me fall
on the ground.  He told me to crawl around and see if anyone wanted to use me,
warning me that I'd be punished if he saw me loafing or laying around.




Kathy's Story

Part 3

On all fours, I crawled around on the dirty floor, my body ached from being tied
and I could feel the throbbing pain from the fresh piercing and brands
decorating my body.  I was terrified of what might happen next, this was nothing
like what I expected when I chatted with people online.  Afraid of what else
might happen to me if my Master got angry, I did what he ordered, crawling up to
men and asking if I could serve them.  Most were tired out from the partying
they had already done, but a few used my mouth as their toilet, having me hold
their cocks between my lips while they pissed.  Less than a week ago, that was
the dirtiest thing I could think of, but now it barely even made me flinch. 
Tasting the piss filling my mouth and swallowing was becoming normal to me. 
There hadn't been a time since I got off the buss that I hadn't been afraid or
in pain, and usually both. 

The room started to clear out as the men and their women got tired and drifted
out.  There wasn't anyone left who had showed the slightest interest in using
me, but I continued to crawl, afraid of upsetting my Master.  Eventually he
walked over, standing above me.  He dropped my bikini in front of me and ordered
me to pick it up in my mouth and crawl out to his bike and wait.  I did, picking
up both of the pieces up in my mouth, then crawling, still naked, out and
kneeling beside his bike on the dirt and gravel.  Kneeling there, I felt the
gravel digging into my knees, adding to the other pain that was swarming through
my body.  Through it all though, I felt a throbbing from my pussy.  I had been
so focused on not making my Master unhappy, I didn't realize that I had never
cum since the first time he fucked me in the hotel room.  Just as my hand moved
between my leg my Master came out of the building and slapped me hard across the
back of the head.  He told me that if he ever caught me touching myself again
without orders, he'd cut my fingers off.  He kicked my knees apart and pushed me
back so that he could see the wetness leaking from my pussy down my thighs.  He
took the bikini out of my mouth and handed me the top, telling me to put it on. 
As I tied the top on, he used the bottoms to mop up my thighs then pressed it
into a ball and pushed it into my sore cunt.  He warned me that getting a mess
on his bike would be a serious infraction of the rules.  He climbed on and
started the bike, then told me to get on behind him. Naked except for my top, I
got on, wrapping my arms around his waist, pressed against his back.  The rough
denim of his jeans rubbed against my brand, making me moan with pain while the
vibrations of the motorcycle surged through my pussy, making my body tremble. 

By the time we pulled up next to a plain white building, I was on the verge of
cumming just from the feeling of the motorcycle, but my Master didn't give me
the chance.  He grabbed a handful of my hair and dragged me off the bike,
pulling me toward a door and into the dimly lit building.  It was a bar, there
were naked girls dancing on three stages and two more in cages along the walls. 
Dirty men sat at tables around the room, more girls were dancing between their
legs, naked except for their shoes and a g-string.  My Master kept a hold of my
hair, pulling me next to him while he talked to a bouncer.  Even though there
were other naked girls in the bar, I felt like everyone was staring at me and
tried to cover my brand and naked pussy with my hands.  After talking to the
bouncer for a few minutes, Master dragged me into the bar and sat at an empty
table, he pushed me to my knees beside his chair.  A girl with a serving tray
came over, she was wearing a halter-top and hot pants.  My Master ordered a beer
and the girl left, just as she brought the beer, another man sat down at the
table with Master.  They leaned over the table and talked, I couldn't hear them
over the music.  A couple of minutes passed then Master grabbed my hair and made
me stand up.  I knew I looked horrible, covered in piss and cum, wearing only a
tiny bikini top, rings in my nipples and clit and the bikini bottoms hanging out
of my pussy.  Master pulled the top and bottoms off and out of me, leaving me
completely naked, He ordered me to turn around and put my hands on my head, as
the other man looked me over.  The man shook his head, saying that he didn't
have an opening for a girl like me, without the brand and rings he might have
been able to use me, but not now.  Master ordered my to get on my hands and
knees in front of him, He used my back as a footrest while he and the man
continued to talk.  Kneeling there naked, arms straining under the weight of his
legs, I couldn't hear what they were saying, but only focused on staying in
place, not collapsing under the weight of Master's boots and legs.  I was sure I
was going to fall down, but I also knew I'd get punished if I did.   Just when I
was sure I couldn't hold myself up any more, Master took his boots off my back
and stood up.  He ordered me to follow him; I stood up and walked behind him. 
He stopped just inside the entry door, turned and pointed at the bouncer.  He
ordered me to give the bouncer a blow job, startled, I hesitated for a minute,
Master grabbed a handful of my hair and punched me hard in the face, making my
lip bleed, then tossed me on the floor at the bouncer's feet.  The bouncer
looked at me for a minute, then opened the door to a utility closet and motioned
me inside.  Sucking on my lip, I crawled inside the closet and knelt.  He
followed me in, already undoing his pants; He grabbed my hair and pulled me onto
his already hard cock, fucking my mouth, smearing my blood on his cock.  After a
couple of minutes of fucking, he forced his cock deep into my throat and held me
there, face pressed against his body as his cock jerked and pumped cum down my
throat. When he was done cumming he gave me a few seconds to lick his cock clean
before he zipped his pants up and left.  I quickly followed him, and found
Master waiting just outside the closet.  Master patted my head and told me I was
a good slave.  I was both humiliated and excited by the thrill that ran through
me from having pleased him.  He held out my bikini, telling me I had been a good
girl and could wear the bottoms too.  I quickly pulled the bikini on and
followed Master out to his motorcycle, climbing on behind him.  Master slipped
the dark black glasses over my eyes as he started the bike up.

Master pulled me off the bike and threw me to the ground, then reached down and
pulled the glasses off.  We were back at his house, and he ordered me to crawl
into the back yard.  I did, staying on all fours as I crawled around the outside
of the house and to the back porch.   Master walked through the house, meeting
me out back, carrying a pair of handcuffs.  He picked me up by my hair and
ordered me to stand while he cuffed me hands in front of me.  He pulled my arms
above my head and slipped the chain between the cuffs so high I could barely
touch the ground.  He untied my bikini and pulled it off, then brought the hose
over and began cleaning me with the freezing water.  He ran the water over my
body, washing away the accumulated grime, cum and filth from my body.  He pushed
the hose into my pussy, letting it run as I shivered, then turned me around and
did the same with my ass.  He also sprayed the water over my face, washing it
clean and then over the new piercings and brands, cleaning away the scabs and
dead skin.  He went in the house as the sun began to warm my shivering body and
came back with a balm, which he rubbed, into my brand and around the holes from
my piercings.  The balm was soothing, taking away a lot of the pain I had been
feeling.  While I still hung by my wrists, dripping dry, he told me I had been a
good slave and done well for my first night, but that I had a new job and had to
be at work in a few hours so I should get some rest.  He unhooked my wrists and
used them to guide me into the house.  Inside, I fell to the floor and wormed my
way behind him, tits and cunt pressed against the carpet as I had been told the
day before.  He led me down the stairs and back into the dungeon, terrified of
another night of torture I followed him.  At the bottom of the stairs, he
pointed across the room to a small wire cage and ordered me to crawl into it. 
The cage was so small I barely fit inside, having to fold myself into a fetal
position and still being pressed hard against the bars.  He closed the door and
locked it behind me, then turned out the lights and left, leaving me alone. 
Even in the painful position, my eyes quickly closed and I fell asleep.

I woke up in agony, it felt like my entire body was on fire and there was
nothing I could do to get away from it.  I jerked against the bars of the cage
and heard Master's voice telling me to rise and shine.  The pain suddenly
stopped and I blinked away my tears.  I saw Master standing next to the cage and
realized he had clipped the electrical wires to the cage bars and that was what
had been hurting me.  He opened the cage door and dragged me out by my foot,
making my groan in pain as my cramped leg was stretched.  He ordered me to lie
on my back and spread my legs.  I stretched out on the floor, feeling the cramps
ease as he inspected my piercings and brand.  When he was finished, he told me
to heel and walked up the stairs with me worming my way along behind him.  Just
inside the door to the garage he told me to stand up and get dressed.  Instead
of my bikini, he handed me a bikini top and skirt, both green.  The top was a
lot like the other one, the skirt was made of two squares of see through
material and tied on each hip, so that the side of my legs were bare and my clit
ring could be seen through it, the waistband of the skirt was just above my
brand, but the brand was visible through the material.  There was also a pair of
sandals with 6" heels that locked around my ankles.  When I was dressed, he put
cuffs around my wrists and locked them together behind me, then snapped a leash
to my clit ring, pulling me along behind him by it.  He took me out and lifted
me onto his bike, then put the dark glasses on me, even though it was night.  I
felt him climb on and start the bike, the leash was still connected to my clit
and I felt it jerk as he moved his hand. 

When he took the glasses off me, we were back in front of the strip club.  I was
confused because the manager had said he couldn't use me, but Master jerked the
leash and led me back inside by it.  At the door, it was a different bouncer,
and he stared since my skirt was pulled aside by the leash and my pussy was
bare.  Master asked for the manager and the bouncer went and brought him back. 
He led us through the club, into his office.  In the office, my Master told him
I was available three nights a week to work and asked if my clothes were
suitable.  The manager said sure and Master asked if there was a specific
uniform for the waitresses.  I blinked as I realized what I was going to be
doing and almost missed the manager answering there wasn't a required uniform
and then agreeing that since it was a nude club, there wasn't any rule or law
against a waitress working naked.  Hearing that, my Master undid the top and
skirt and then unlatched the cuffs, leaving my arms free, but with cuffs around
each wrist.  Master pulled my head back and looked in my eyes, ordering me to
obey and do as I was told, or I would wish I was dead, then he walked out,
leaving me alone with the manager.  The manager wasn't bad looking, a little bit
older, but in good shape.  He looked over my body and told me that my Master had
said I would be a very good waitress and do anything that needed to be done in
the bar.  I nodded, and he began unbuttoning his pants.  He said he wanted to
see how good I could be and told me to lean over his desk, reach back and spread
my ass wide.  I did as I was told and felt something cold between my ass cheeks. 
I didn't know about lube because no one had bothered to use it with me yet, but
it made it feel much better as his cock slid into my ass.  I was full, but there
wasn't the burning pain I had learned to expect.  I pushed back against him,
grunting as he pinned me against the desk and fucked my asshole.  Before he
came, he pulled out and turned me around, jamming his cock into my mouth. I
sucked it, tasting my ass and the lube until he began to cum.  Not having had
anything to eat or drink since the morning before, I desperately gulped his cum
down.  He let me clean his cock with my mouth, then opened the office door and
called one of the waitresses in.  She was wearing a shiny red halter-top and
matching hot pants, her name was Beth.  As she came in and saw me, I could tell
when she noticed the brand and piercings.  Before she could say anything, the
manager told her that I was the new waitress and she was going to train me.  He
told me to watch her and learn what to do, and that for tonight at least, she
would get all my tips.  She asked if I was going to get dressed, obviously
figuring out that the manager had fucked me and it was obvious she was disgusted
with me.  The manager told her that I was dressed and if she had any problem
with it, he might make it the standard uniform.  She grunted and turned and
walked out as I hurried behind her.  She ran through the various duties quickly,
explaining to me how to order drinks from the bartenders and all the things I
was responsible for.  The first couple of hours, I followed her around as she
worked, everyone staring at me since I was the only one who was always naked,
and even though it was dark, my rings sometimes caught a light and flashed,
drawing attention.  After she thought I had been watching her long enough, Beth
told me to take the tray and get to work.  I spent the rest of the night taking
orders, delivering drinks and wiping down tables, while Beth sat at the bar and
chatted with the dancers and other waitresses.  The guys loved the fact I was
naked, taking every chance to grab my ass or tits, a few even slipped fingers
into my pussy, making me jump the first few times.  It wasn't long before my
feet were aching from the new shoes, but every time I tried to take a break,
Beth told me to get back to work.  The only time I was allowed off the floor was
when the manager called me into his office, first to yell at me for spilling the
drink and a couple of other times to give the DJ and security guys blow jobs. 
The security guys thought it was fun to pull out of my mouth and jerk off all
over my face and tits, then send me back out to work with their cum dripping
down my body.  Finally the night was over and I had to wipe down all the tables
and clean all the ashtrays, there were three other waitresses, but they sat at
the bar having a drink while I worked, Beth counted the tips I'd made, which
turned out to be a lot of money.  My Master came in just as I was finishing
cleaning, he sat at a table with the manager and discussed my work.  The manager
was happy, but he said some of the dancers and waitresses were unhappy because
they hadn't made as much money, since all the guys wanted me to bring their
drinks and didn't get dances since they could see me naked without paying.  My
Master ordered my to lie on the floor and lick his boots while he thought about
it.  I could hear the girls sitting at the bar laughing as I obeyed.  After a
few minutes, my Master called Beth over and asked if they'd prefer if I spent a
night and a half working as a waitress and a night and a half in the dressing
room doing anything the dancers or waitresses wanted.  Beth agreed that was a
much better solution and that she had plenty of ideas for me on the nights I
wasn't working the floor.  The manager agreed provided I was still available for
him when he wanted me.  Master nodded and tossed me my top and skirt, telling me
to go wait by the bike.  I pulled the brief outfit on and walked outside.  I was
shivering by the time Master came out, he snapped my wrists together behind me,
lifted me onto the bike and put the dark glasses on me before starting the bike. 
As he rode away, I pressed myself hard against his back, trying to shield my
freezing body from the cold wind.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ashley


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





