BDSM Library - The Bra That Got Away




The Bra That Got Away
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This Tale first appeared as an entry in the 2002 Sapphic Festival in the category limiting works to 2500 words and ending in the phrase.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either
the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and
resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely
coincidental.

The work is intended solely for adult readership and only where such material is
permitted by community standards and otherwise legal.

Faibhar

The Bra That Got Away


Mel-she preferred the short version to her given name Melissa-cranked the
ignition on the Italian motorcycle she just purchased. As the powerful engine
between her thighs surged to life, she half-twisted her upper body and shouted
to the new girl sitting behind her. "Hang on to my waist and keep your feet from
dragging!"

A sly smile spread her full lips as she gripped the handlebars, concealed by the
lower portion of the full helmet. She felt the slender arms tighten around her
and she shifted gears. With a kick of the stand, they were off. The bike
obediently roared toward Twin Peaks and their destination, Sutro Tower. The
sweet baby girl fresh from the sticks hugging on to her for dear life was about
to find out what life in the big city was all about and Mel was going to be
first to show her. With glee she opened up the throttle. The bike raced the pair
away from Pacific Heights.



"Here we are," Mel said as she ripped off her helmet. Her dreadlocks sprayed and
she swung a jeaned leg across the gas tank. "Crestmont Street and way up there,
Sutro Tower." She pointed up toward a dark hill loaded with trees and
vegetation. Near the summit spread massive steel legs like those of some alien
robot angled inward. Thick billows of fog cinched the tower's waist. and
shrouded its upper structure.

"Cummon, Jennifer, let's go," she said impatiently. The pretty black-haired girl
with the loveliest blue eyes Mel had ever seen still looked terrified and sat
frozen on the parked motorcycle. She looked like some kind of model, but one
that had just been ditched.

Mel wasn't used to being ignored. When she said something, she wanted action.
"Here, I'll help," Mel said grabbing a shoulder and pulling. Her eyes glanced
down to a muscled bare thigh. This girl can run, Mel thought as she jerked her
from the bike and tightly gripped Jenny's hand in hers.

The two crossed the street and stopped at the edge of the dense foliage. "Just
be careful; there's some poison oak around here and I wouldn't want you to get a
rash." Mel did her best to choke down the snigger as she mentally pictured the
tender flesh.

"My friend the engineer got us permission and the guard has our names, but we
first have to get to his shack. Let's go."

They made their way through the thick growth of eucalyptus tress. Mel was glad
she had worn her leather jacket. The fog and sea breeze chilled even more as
they made their way along the jungle-like path with bark, branches and leaves
forming their canopy. Everywhere elderberry bushes were in bloom with their
bright little red berries.

Jennifer seemed to relax more as they made the trek up the hill; though she
didn't say much. Her hand in Mel's finally eased up its death-grip. Maybe it was
the girl's sense of adventure that was helping her feel better Mel thought as
they came upon a small clearing. Ahead was the manned booth. Having her more at
ease at this stage was better than scaring her like before on the bike.

The scrawny young guard with the sandy hair and several sizes too big uniform
looked as though he welcomed the company of what he thought of as two young
foxes, but Mel snarled her name and Jennifer's and demanded the geek immediately
show them to the elevator.

Mel slowly licked her lips as the elevator jerked up and lifted the two of them
from the ground. She offered her embrace as Jenny confided that she was scared
of heights just as Mel casually mentioned that the tower was almost a thousand
feet high-not counting how high they already were-and that they were sure to be
above to fog which was too bad because Jennifer would not be able to see things
like the Golden Gate, Alcatrez, and the other city landmarks.

Heat radiating from the other young woman caused Mel to suck in her own breath
as desire flamed in her veins but she reminded herself that she must play it
cool. Cool as the weather. But her scent she loved. There was precious little
about this soft bundle now in her arms that did not make Mel want to smile.

"Here we are," she sang as she pushed a button and stopped the enclosed
compartment of the elevator at the 7th floor. "Just beyond those doors is what
one of the local TV stations calls its Sutro cam. Be careful though-it's gonna
be chilly and be sure to watch your step."

"Sheee-IT!" Mel staggered backward. Her face felt blasted by a frigid mask.

A wisp of damp air slammed into the compartment like a giant fist as the doors
of the small elevator parted. Whites and gray clouds boiled within arm's reach.
Brilliant blue sky above added stark contrast. From where they stood they could
see part of the tower looming over them. Quickly the two saw that they stood
alone with just clouds, sky and metal as company.

Jennifer fell back from the scene and frantically grabbed Mel as if begging
shelter. She was just as tall as her black friend and her parka rose and fell
against the other's jacket as she hyperventilated. Her wet eyes squeezed
tightly. Her arms sought the only protection in reach.

Mel was there to help. The action distracted from her initial shock caused as
the doors snapped open.

Mel held the sides of Jenny's head with the palms of her hands as she softly
pressed her lips onto the other's. Their lips stayed together. Her lashes felt
Jenny's flick open briefly, then close again. Mel felt the new girl's lips
soften more, then part. She eased her palms off and slid one arm around the back
of Jenny's neck. The tip of her tongue grazed her companion's and then Mel felt
a wet surrendering as Jenny opened her mouth wide.

Hungrily the two kissed inside the elevator high above the fog until Mel at last
broke away. She knelt to one knee and swung her small knapsack off of her
shoulder as Jennifer panted and sat bemusedly with her back against one corner
of the cramp compartment. The new girl's blue eyes widened as she watched her
mocha-skinned companion busily begin to remove things from the knapsack.

Mel looked back at Jennifer. Maybe this girl from the sticks knew more than she
had suspected. There was one way to find out. "Take off your parka."

The baby's sweatshirt hid many charms Mel thought as she watched Jennifer
reluctantly shed what warmth her coat offered. Mel pointedly glared down at the
thin gym shorts riding high above the long pale legs. "Those too."

Jennifer started to protest when Mel swung her arm. The blow knocked a stunned
Jennifer back into the corner. Long thin fingers covered a cheek that already
was blossoming red. Mel leaned toward her and her victim cowered more.

Mel grabbed a shock of the raven hair and yanked its owner close to her face.
She savaged the plump lips until she felt them again relax. Satisfied, she let
the hair go and went back to her bag. "You heard me. Drop 'em."

Mel didn't know what to expect but nonetheless was delighted to see the string
bikini panties. Either the girl was expecting something, or she always wore
fancy undies. Mel suspected the former. Her forest green eyes narrowed as she
watched Jennifer meekly cower and slip off the shorts.

"Okay now. Here we go," she said as she stood. Reaching down she grabbed
Jennifer's cold hand and pulled her up. "Stay on that catwalk and you'll be all
right. And don't get too close to that camera out there or you'll end up on
tonight's TV."

Mel led the way and the two negotiated their way out, carefully stepping on the
narrow metal beam. It was gusty. A sea of fluffy clouds swirled below. Wind
chilled their faces as they left the relative enclosure of the elevator. Mel dug
a hand into her jacket pocket and retrieved a piece of leather, thinner than it
was wide. At one end were clasps. She positioned Jennifer near a tower truss and
wrapped the band around her goose-pimpled shin, just above the girl's pink
cross-trainers. Taking out another leather band, she pulled up one of Jenny's
arms and secured it to the tower, taking time to grimly smile back at the
growing look of worry on Jenny's pretty face.

"Now let's see what else we have here," Mel said as she looked at the finished
job. The new girl stood spread eagle, attached to Sutro Tower, above the fog, a
scene only Mel in her imagination could have created. She reached a gloved
finger and traced along the top line of the panties and leered as she saw
Jenny's freezing thigh flinch. "Ummm...,"she murmured as the finger drug the
lace lower, exposing the top of a narrow column curly black hairs peeking up as
the lace dropped.

Mel looked up from her position kneeling between Jenny's spread legs. Gusts blew
her hair and she could feel the tall metal structure they were on sway, but
seeing Jenny's head facing upward and rolling between her outstretched arms and
tasting the girl's juicy lava flowing as her tongue plunged and teeth nibbled
told Mel that this one had forgotten all about her fear of heights.

Her lips smacked as more and more nectar dripped from the engorged petals. Once
or twice, she thought she heard Jenny scream out as she orgasmed but the howling
wind made it impossible to tell for sure. Mel gave her pussy lips a final lick
and one last kiss before again standing.

"Honey, this taste is for you 'cause it comes from you!" Her shivering partner
now had no hesitation about passionately returning Mel's kiss.

"Let's release you now, okay?" Mel untied the cuffs and smothered the girl with
her own warmth, partly out of love and partly to share her body heat with the
other's nakedness.

Before she brought her back into the elevator compartment of the tower, though,
Mel had to see those beauties hidden under Jennifer's bulky top. She lifted an
arm and pulled the long sleeve up. Mel was hardly surprised to see that the
exposed bra matched the panties in style and color but she wasn't about to let
some silly fashion sense put her off track. She reached behind the now totally
submissive Jennifer and unhooked her bra.

Pulling it away, creamy tits bounced free. Mel could not help but grin. Twin
towers, diminutive when compared to the giant monster they shared were
nonetheless impressive in their own right as they jutted out. Small pink pebbles
piled on one another. The frozen nipples sprouted from the firm globes and poked
out into the air as if to proclaim to the world that they had much more to offer
than the steel contraption that merely held broadcast antennae. Mel speculated
as to what they might be like less shriveled by the cold but decided she would
have to wait and find out later.

With an arm around her naked back, Mel protectively helped Jenny step closer to
the elevator when a blast of frigid air hit. Both of their hair flew skyward.
Screams shrieked. They nearly lost balance. Mel fought to maintain both of their
footing on the beam.

The windy gust tore Jenny's bra from Mel's hand. Both women watched as the lacy
garment flew up, higher and higher. The strap and cups soared ever higher until
snagged by an outstretched arm of Sutro Tower. Caught, it swung high above them
like a stranded kite.

Mel hurried the shivering Jenny into the elevator and helped her get back on
most of her clothes. She leaned out the opened doorway of the compartment and
stretched up to see the snagged piece of lingerie waving around in the breeze; a
semaphore announcing that little escapes the attention of Mother Nature
regardless of weather conditions.

Recalling all that she had savored this day, and yet lusting for more to come,
Mel had to wonder as she watched the impossibly out-of-reach evidence. It
fluttered several lengths higher than where they had sex next to the Sutro cam:
impossible to climb to and viewable only by looking above the reach of the
camera. Well, at least there would be no FILM AT ELEVEN she thought as she
craned up to see the fluttering fabric. Frustrated, Mel just shrugged and closed
the elevator doors.

A voice inside her chided her for leaving behind part of Jenny's underwear for
all to see once the fog cleared, but a satisfied smile overruled. The descent
began.

I still don't know what I'm going to do with her bra...as if I really care.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Faibhar


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





