BDSM Library - Bound To Be Safe




Bound To Be Safe
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: John's first date with a gorgeous damsel turns the tables on his desire to thoroughly bind and bother her into sensual submission. He soon finds himself in a most unaccustomed posture as Debra invites a friend to join in the kind of fun only bondage kinky types tend to cultivate.
Bound To Be Safe



     I always appreciate women who are handy with rope: especially those who
love to bind their men when fore playing and/or making love. Meeting Debra
awakened that infrequent, kinky preference in a way I had not experienced in
several years.

    The adrenalin rush and sensual complications had always been an irresistible
opiate in my somewhat atypical, B&D lifestyle. Consequently, as with any
adventure involving the fun and pleasure of sensual bondage, there were risks to
be taken into account. However, since my instincts had thus far compiled a
perfect track record, where the turning over one's freedom to a switchable,
submissive women was concerned, I opted to go for it, and enjoy the exploration
of Debra's formidable imagination and style.



    "I love the way you kiss me," she praised. "No one has ever kissed me more
passionately."

    I tried to be gracious. "You're easy to kiss, and a lot more than just
comfortable in my arms." At the time, I had no idea what she was planning.

    We had known each other for only a week, when, after having spent the first
half hour of a pleasurable evening necking on the couch, she backed off before
our passion could get too out of hand.

    "I know you want to make love to me, John," she said while pacing the floor,
"but I don't think I'm ready to go beyond what we have been doing here on the
couch."

    I mustered my reluctant understanding, but let her know exactly how I felt.
"I know we've only just met, and I appreciate your need to keep things from
getting too intimate, but you are one hell of an attractive woman, Debra dear.
Keeping my hands off of you is not easy."

    She made things crystal clear. "I don't mind the touch of your hands at all,
John. In fact, I find it perfectly acceptable. What I will not accept are your
attempts at removing my clothing."

    I smiled. "Then I'd better get out of here before my better judgment is
overruled by the side of me that wants more than what you are willing to
permit." I stood and headed for the closet for my jacket.

    She cut me off before I could make it across the room. "There is no need for
you to leave, John"

    "Oh, yes there is, sweet Debra," I assured, "unless you want to run the risk
of getting, for want of a better word, raped."

    She smiled and gave me a huge hug. "That's what I like about you. Your
respect for my feelings is more than just appreciated," she said before giving
me a heartfelt kiss and stepping back a bit to ask, "What if I can come up with
a way to give us the best of both worlds, without your having to worry about
doing anything regrettable?"

    My expression turned quizzical. "Uh-I don't quite follow you."

    "Do you trust me?"

    "Yes."

    "Then take off your shirt and do exactly what I tell you."

    I didn't hesitate. Would you have, if you were me and alone in a beautiful
woman's apartment, and she told you to take off your shirt?" While I did, the
aftermath of hard-pressed affection her ample breasts had left on my chest
lingered in memory.

    "Now your slacks and shoes."

    I smiled and figured she was putting me on about not wanting to consummate
our, up-to-then, somewhat frustrating relationship. "OK." I was soon down to
just my briefs.

    "Turn around," said Debra Cushing. "Cross your wrists together behind your
back."

    I immediately knew what she was up to. "Are you going to do what I think
you're going to do?" I asked before trusting my instincts.

    She said nothing as she stooped to remove a length of nylon line from under
one of the couch cushions. It didn't take Debra long to bind my wrists tightly
together behind me, something I was hoping to do with hers that evening myself.

    "Hey, that feels like you know what you're doing," was all I could come up
with when the last knot was tied and my latest intoxication walked around in
front of me. Her next kisses were just a series of teasing pecks. I closed my
eyes and pressed forward for more. None were forthcoming. My eyes popped open to
discover Debra was sitting down. She crossed her legs and spread her arms out
and over the back of the couch.

    "There," she said with a sexy smile, "that should keep you from doing
anything unsavory. Come here."

    I sat next to her and eased back on my left side. "What am I supposed to do
now?"

    She unbuttoned her blouse. "Nothing," said Debra while caressing her neck
with one hand, and my right, inner thigh with the other. "Ever been tied up
before?"

    "No," I lied.

    "How does it feel?"

    "Different."

    She removed her long-sleeved, silk top to reveal and exquisite upper body,
supported firmly and beautifully under a provocatively overflowing white,
strapless bra.

    I moved closer for another kiss, but she pushed me away and stood to remove
her skirt. There she was, just like I dreamed of seeing her, in nothing but bra,
panties and heels. I watched hungrily as Debra grabbed a breast with one hand
and ran the index finger of the other up and down the front of her pussy.

    I stood and walked to her, but she did nothing before saying, "Did I tell
say you could get up?"

    I was quickly and slightly restless with frustration, and somewhat surprised
by her suddenly revealed, dominant nature. 'Hmmm.' 

    She wasted no time walking out of the room and saying, "Follow me." The bra
was removed en route. The bedroom was our next stop. "Lie down on your stomach,
facing the foot of the bed, and spread your legs as far as you can." A drawer
was opened to reveal several skeins of soft-nylon rope in it. "What are you
looking at?"

    My eyes were instinctively drawn to her gorgeous upper body. "A woman of
outstanding countenance," I said while moving to the queen-size bed and doing on
it what she told me to.

    "How do you like my solution so far?"

    A few tugs on the inescapable wrist ropes left me speechless.

    My ankles were soon tied to the bed with tether lines. The feel of her
obvious knot mastery gave me reason to believe there was more to Debra's plan
than originally assumed.

    "Am I safe now, do you think, John?" she teased.

    "I would say so," was all I could think of saying as the swelling in my
briefs pressed hard against the mattress and I wondered if grinding my
burgeoning excitement into it would be tolerated.

    "Do me a favor, John, try to escape. I need to know if you can before we go
any further."

    She watched my attempt with a hungry look in her eyes, and more
self-fondling. It was easy to hump the bed, now that I could cover up the
pleasure with what I had been told to do.

    "Hmmm, I think we should make doubly sure before going any further," she
said while walking to the toy drawer and removing a large skein of thick rope.
Debra then got onto the bed to sit on my behind, straddling me as she undid the
skein and looked at us in the full-length, wall mirror in front of the bed. "Am
I making you hot, Johnny?"

    "Yes."

    "Are you surprised by the turn of events tonight?"

    "Yes."

    What she said next didn't surprise me at all. "I know who you are, John, and
well aware of your reputation. I've got spies everywhere. They tell me you are a
master at this. So, how am I doing, Master John?"

    The feel of a tightening lasso around my upper arms and torso, and the
accompanying revelation, brought a special tingle to my spine. I struggled a bit
to see what she would do. The rope tightened considerably.

    "The more you struggle," she warned, "the tighter I'm going to make it."

    Since I didn't want her to know how much I was enjoying every second of our
newfound make-out game, I ceased from testing the fix and did all I could to
accommodate Debra by lifting my chest at every turn of the rope and enjoying the
weight of her body on my hard pressed erection.

    It took but a few minutes to use the 50 or so feet of rope to thoroughly
bind my arms to my body from chest to wrists.

    She jumped from the bed and folded her arms under her breasts, spreading her
legs as she said, "There, that should keep you out of trouble until I'm finished
with you." The panties came off first, then the heels, before she lay down
beside me and stretched out sexily. "You like my body, John?"

    "I love your body."

    "Good, so do I." Her tone and facial features were expressionless.
"Hot-n-bothered?"

    "Yes."

    "Me to. Want to kiss me?"

    "Yes."

    "Want me under you while you do?"

    "Yes."

    It took some doing, but Debra managed to do just that.

    "Now," she whispered seductively, "isn't this better than going home and
leaving both of us frustrated?"

    "Yes."

    We spent the next several minutes kissing and grinding and doing all we
could to achieve some kind of satisfaction. Little by little, she pulled my
briefs down until my vitals were exposed, but harshly pressed against at the
base of my sack by the super-tight tolerance of my only remaining piece of
clothing. Her upper thighs wrapped around my erection as she pushed me up a bit
to break our latest and most passionate round of kissing.

    "Everything OK?" she asked with a smile.

    "Yes."

    "You are suddenly a man of few words."

    "Is that a problem?"

    "Not if you keep kissing me and doing whatever it takes to make my day."

    I smiled. "And if I don't?"

    She smiled. "Then I'll find someone who can."

    "Really?"

    "Really."

    Since I wasn't getting any advanced satisfaction anyway, and since I
wondered what she meant by her last line, I decided to call her bluff by ceasing
from both kissing and humping Debra.

    She frowned a bit as she slithered out from under me and walked to the rope
drawer. I watched her take a ball gag from it and put it on around my neck
before walking to the phone and punching in a number. "Lisa? It's me, Debra.
What are you doing?"

    They spoke for about a minute before she hung up and started putting her
undies back on. I ground my erection into the mattress and watched her leave the
room as she said, "Don't make a sound or cum or I'll make the rest of your
evening a living hell."

    The next several minutes were spent alone, super-excited, and wondering what
she meant by 'living hell'.

Twenty-five minutes later

    "John, meet Lisa," introduced Debra upon her return.

    I looked up from my adventure and saw a very surprised, very well built
damsel standing in her astonishment, her elbows and wrists tightly secured
together behind her back, and another ball gag hanging from her neck.

    My approach was decidedly cool, calm, and collected. "Good evening, Lisa."

    It was obvious she had no idea anything like this was going to happen prior
to her entering the scene. "Hi." Her ball gag was then tightly fitted in place.

    Debra moved to the toy drawer for another fifty-or-so footer, the end of
which she tied to Lisa's elbow cinch. As she wrapped up her friend, she spoke to
her in a very gently teasing, but very menacing tone.

    "Didn't think I could do it, did you. Didn't think I had the right stuff.
Well, sweetie, I do, and intend to use it without mercy on both of you." She
then turned to me and explained, "We made a wager. She bet against my getting
you here like this. I won the right to do whatever I wanted with her till noon
tomorrow. She knows who you are, too."

    Both were in sexy undies and very high heels. All I could do was watch Lisa
get thoroughly hog-tied on the bed, to my right."

     "I drugged him," she explained to Lisa. "He's been like this for more than
an hour. I called you when he woke up."

    There was plenty of room for her to roll from side to side, which she
started doing just after Debra removed her own underwear and slipped back under
me. It soon became blatantly obvious that both women were very turned on by the
scene, and that I had been duped into becoming a semi-willing partner in it.

    The revelation continued. "Lisa wants to tie up guys, too, but has yet to
enjoy the privilege. I thought it was high time she did. Hope you weren't
planning on being anywhere in the next twenty-or-so hours."

    I tried to assert myself. "As a matter of fact..."

    "Kiss me," said Debra as she closed her upper thighs around my erection and
began to rub her slippery-wet pussy against it.

    My response was, "Untie me."

    "Yeah-right," she quipped, sarcastically. "Kiss me."

    "I won't until I'm untied."

    She turned to give the bound beauty next to me a curious look. "If I undo
him, he will undoubtedly bind me and have his way with at least one, if not both
of us. What would you like me to do?"

    Lisa's body language suddenly went ballistic with pleasurable, kinky
writhing. She didn't make a sound, but it was clear something deep within her
wanted to say, 'Untie him.'

    "Yes- untie him?" proposed Debra as we both waited for either a positive or
negative indication.

    My eyes locked onto Lisa's, but all I could see was fear and delectable
frustration. A good thirty-seconds came and went.

    "I see," said Debra. "Well, it looks like the decision is all mine to make."

   I did my best to keep a straight face. "Untie me, and I promise you won't
regret the move."

    A very important minute or so went by before she said,  "Kiss me, and do it
like you mean it."

    Lisa's impassioned struggling ceased as she placed her forehead down on the
bed and took a deep breath.

    "No," was my testing answer.

    Debra wasted no time strapping on the ball gag she'd hung from my neck. She
then rolled her head left and said to Lisa, "Kiss me."

    Her very hot-n-bothered girlfriend immediately raised her head, smiled
inwardly, and started to maneuver her helplessly hog-tied and crotch-roped body
towards the task. As she did, I did all I could to penetrate Debra's crevice.
But she would have no part of it, and spoiled every attempt with a simple twist
of her lower torso.

    "Oh-no-you-don't, Johnny," she quashed with delight. "This will just have to
do for now."

    Lisa's ball gag was then removed, but kept hanging from her perfect neck.

    The 'for now' gave me an inkling of what might possibly lie ahead in the way
of kinky action. Regardless, I did not stop in my failed attempts at nailing
Debra as soon as possible. Both Lisa and I realized she was getting very turned
on by the scene she'd succeeded in actualizing into our experience. Within a few
minutes, the three of us were out of control, doing all we were capable of doing
to reach closure as we lost ourselves in the sensual particulars of what our
combined fantasies had managed to translate into outrageous reality.







Ten Minutes Later

    Debra decided to put the icing on my expectations by turning to Lisa and
saying, breathlessly, "Don't worry, after I'm finished, I'll untie you and you
can do what you like with him. Or would you like me to untie him and let him do
whatever he likes with us?"



To be continued...



John Roper




BOUND TO BE SAFE

Part Two



    Lisa started to spasm, and didn't show signs of stopping for some time.
Debra, too, after thoroughly tuning into her accomplice's passion, and my heated
attempts at escape and maneuverability, exploded out of control, without so much
as a look of concern over what my frustrated gyrations were attempting to
accomplish.

    "What's the matter, baby," she chided, "aren't you getting enough?"

    I knew my pelvic struggling, and overall, under-indulged expectations were
feeding Debra's psycho sensual hunger, so I deliberately did all I could to
bring her overwrought libido to a place to which only a Domme of her stature and
determination could aspire.

    The bed rocked, Lisa's muffled moaning got louder and louder, and Debra
smiled at me, as if to say, 'Now you're getting it, baby.'

    She played the top side of my cock against her pussy like a well-tuned
instrument, stroking it roughly while squeezing it between her upper thighs,
pinching her nipples, and glancing, now and then, at Lisa's predicament. All
sorts of erotic sounds escaped her wildly expressive, wide-opened mouth, an
outcome that served also to feed Lisa's kinky nature in a way I don't think
either one of them expected.

    "NOW, are you going kiss me?" asked Debra, with an exhausted smile.

    I nodded a 'yes.' The gag was removed, and I relented to the task she'd so
carefully and deliberately managed to squeeze out of my insolent disposition.
The kisses were icing on the cake of her victory, not only over me, but the bet
she and Lisa had consummated some weeks before.

    "Atta'-boy," she said, after only a few seconds of wet ones peaked her
competitive satisfaction. "How about we make things a little crazier."

    She was out from under me in a flash; lifting me up to my knees, then back
down onto the bed between my widespread feet. A rope soon tethered the upper
part of the arm bind to the base of the headboard. Lisa gazed up at my fully
extended erection as her passion subsided and the gag was removed. Mine was then
replaced.

    Without a word of information, Debra vacated the room, closed and locked its
door, and left Lisa and me to wonder about what would happen next. It was then I
first caught sight of the ceiling mirror.

    'Wow.'

   My bedmate rolled over onto her side, and dozed off, leaving me unsatisfied
in my astonishment, and determined to turn things around as soon as an
opportunity presented itself.

20-Or-So Minutes Later

    My legs ached for freedom, but all I could do was wait on Debra's next move
and watch Lisa awaken from her nap. She stared up at the mirror, and back down
at my cock, instinctively moving, as best she could, in its hardening direction.

    I immediately realized that, no matter how hard she tried, given the way
things were, there was no way Lisa would be able to get it into her mouth. She
continued struggling her way towards me anyway. The journey did much to inspire
a more erect, penal posture.

    The harder I got, the closer she got. The closer she got, the more I
struggled to widen the distance between my knees, hoping to lower my groin to a
more accessible elevation.

    It soon occurred to me that, if I moved backwards, not only would the torso
tether loosen, allowing me to further raise myself to the desired height, but
the closer I could bring my knees together. Painful as it was, I worked in that
direction as I watched Lisa in the mirror and hoped Debra would not crash the
party with another of her frustrating adjustments.

    When I was sure I could go back no further, or achieve more accessibility,
Lisa's tongue started toying with my scrotum.

    "Mmmmmm," she said, before doing her best to get it into her mouth.

    I stared up at the mirror and started to rock.

    A minute or so passed.

    My cock struck the top of Lisa's head.

    "Auhuhhuhunnnnn!" I instructed, from behind the ball gag.

    But she paid me no mind as the inside of Lisa's gaping, oral attention
further surrounded my titillated balls.

    "AUHUHUHUNNNNN!!"

    I struggled wildly in the ropes Debra had so expertly and tightly used to
make sure my arms would not do any damage to the fantasy fulfillment at least
two of us were thoroughly enjoying.

    After my erection had struck Lisa on the head at least a dozen times, she
caught on to the plan and backed off a bit to see just how far I could rock my
cock.

    It struck the top of her nose just before she said, "One more time."

   As is swung down for like the 25th time, she stretched her neck, opened wide,
and caught it by its circumcision with her teeth.

    "Mmmmmmm," she appraised, obviously pleased with its size and rock-hardness.

    Lisa's struggling was, to say the least, fierce, as she worked her severely
hog-tied and bothered body closer to me until my erection could go in no
further. By the tone of her moans, I was sure she was putting her crotch rope to
good use.

    I leaned back, hoping to give my gut a rest. But when the back of my head
touched the headboard, Lisa bit down on my penis to stop it from slipping out of
her mouth. I threw my head back further to stop that from happening by shifting
the supportive weight responsibility to the top of my head. The move worked, but
also tightened the ball gag strap considerably, adding yet another disciplinary
wrinkle to the bind.

    'Shit.'

    Lisa continued to enjoy her end of the situation, shifting into high gear,
thus bringing the heat of my passion to a level of satisfaction it had not yet
achieved that night.

    It was then we heard the key in the door. Debra was obviously ready for
phase three of her belated agenda. When she saw what we were doing, she
immediately reached for some rope and stood over us as she undid the skein. All
she wore were heels and panties.

    "Don't let me interrupt," she quipped, before fashioning a hangman's noose
at one end of the 3/8s-inch-thick, nylon line she'd chosen for her next move.
"Perhaps I can help make your pleasure a bit more interesting, for ALL of us."

    Lisa and I tried not to pay our binder any mind as we continued the
enjoyment of the scene, but it wasn't long before Debra was on our case. She
grabbed Lisa by the hair and pulled her head back, extracting my cock in the
process as she slipped the hangman's noose over her head and around her neck,
with the knot in back. She then re-inserted my rock hard erection back into
Lisa's mouth and ran the rope up to the top of the headboard, threaded it
through a handy hole, and pulled out the slack until the head of my penis could
go no further into Lisa throat. She then tied things off and undid the knots in
my arm rope tether, pulled out all its slack, and tied it off again. She did the
same with the lines that secured my ankles to the right and left corners of the
bed. The back of my head was now smack dab up against the back of the headboard,
relieving much of the strain in my gut and ball gag strap. The noose rope knots
were also undone and re-secured after all THAT slack had been taken out.

    "There. That should make things a LOT more interesting," said Debra as she
backed off to admire her handiwork and remove her heels and panties.

    I looked up at what we all looked like in the mirror. Debra sprawled out on
the mattress in front of us and began to stroke her very wet pussy.

    "And it's only ten-o'clock," she reminded. "Fourteen hours to go."

    I watched as her fingers toyed with her nipples, and did my best to help
Lisa create as much friction as possible. There was little we could do in that
area. However, the sheer, erotic absurdity of the situation was having a
profoundly satisfying effect on all of us, to say the least.

    "Mmmmmuhuh." said Lisa as her first spasm broke the silence and I reached
full, rock had extension.

    "Oh...oh...ohohoh," said Debra as the beginnings of her pleasure blossomed
in front of us.

    I was suddenly certain that all they really cared about was keeping me hard
and frustrated, while they enjoyed the fruits of their conquest and the outcomes
I was to inspire during the hours ahead. The realization both excited and pissed
me off. Regardless, as hard as it was to think straight, I continued to ponder
the situation plan a way to make both Lisa and Debra my captives before the
fourteen hours were up.

    In the middle of that pondering, I came, big time, which caused Lisa to pull
away or choke on the outcome. As she did, the rope around her neck tightened.

    "What's the matter," teased Debra, "bite off more than you could chew?"

    I tried and failed to pull out, and at the same time achieve as much
satisfaction as the dilemma would allow.

    Lisa writhed frantically in her bondage, fisting and flailing her fingers as
she tried and failed to utter a sound, given the accumulation of cum building up
in the back of her mouth.

    Debra observed our struggling efforts for several seconds before reaching
the end of her fuse and letting go to yet another mountaintop experience in the
fine art of bondage voyeurism and vicarious observation.

    Lisa's choking spewed gob after gob of the white stuff out of the sides of
her mouth as she got lost in the lengthiest, most intense multiple of her
32-year-old life, and I tore wildly into the ropes that held me fast until the
last drop of molten manifestation and aftershock tapered off and into oblivion.



John Roper




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  John Roper


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





