BDSM Library - The Present




The Present
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Ph.D. student is kidnapped and tied spread-eagled to the bed of a college professor with instructions that he was to rape her. He did and one thing led to another.
The Present

Please take note!

The text in this story contains erotic material and is expressly written for
adults only.

MF FF NC Rom

If you are an underage minor or offended by such material or, if viewing this
file is illegal in your locality, then leave, close or delete this file-story
now.



This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to persons living, dead or otherwise
is purely coincidental, etc.

Copyright Obohobo 2002




The Present

by obohobo



Chapter 1. The present

Dr. Don Jones returned home angry at the wasted evening. These educational
policy meetings were a bore and he seethed with indignation at having to attend.
All they did was to provide a platform for a few tutors to talk, without keeping
to the point, about petty details of curricular minutiae which really only
affected them, not the whole staff. Don taught engineering and most of his
concerns were for how his students worked on projects and their safety. To his
colleagues he was generally known as a quiet, helpful person but one who could
be very forthright if provoked. This evening he had planned spend in his cellar
testing his latest robot design and at the last minute they sprung the meeting
on him. He wasn't in the best of moods before the meeting opened. At 9:15 there
was no sign of it ending and the english department staff were vying with their
mathematics counterparts over some obscure detail of policy. Don had stood up.

"Headmaster, isn't it about time you terminated this meeting. It has wasted
enough of our time and I for one have heard enough of the drivel from Miss
Blenkensop and Mr. Savory to last for the rest of my career. If math's and
english wish to continue this little petty feud they should be put in a cage
somewhere until they have sorted themselves out!" Don's anger showed in his
voice. For a moment there was complete silence and then various people muttered,
"Hear, hear," showing their approval.

Headmaster Parsons stood and looking flustered called for order, "Dr. Jones,
those remarks were most uncalled for and I suggest you apologise to the members
of staff concerned and I will see you in my office in the morning."

"No, Sir I will not apologise. It is those inconsiderate people who should
apologise to us. They have kept us here for no purpose except to listen to their
droning voices. They have wasted the time of most of the staff sitting here.
That accounts for," he paused and did a quick count, "Over sixty hours of time.
Time we could have spent much more enjoyably and profitably. I suggest you
yourself consider that before calling meetings such as this in future!"

"Dr. Jones!" The headmaster again tried to get order but the babble that arose
from the room almost drowned his voice.

"And no, Headmaster, I will not be coming to your office in the morning. I do
not come in until the afternoon tomorrow as you should well know so if you wish
to see me you can come to my office in the afternoon. I bid you goodnight!"

As he left the room several of his colleagues slapped his back and congratulated
him but there was a stunned silent hostility from others. Still seething Don
climbed the steps to his house, went to the kitchen and made a cup of hot
chocolate before washing and preparing for bed. Sitting on the cork topped stool
in the bathroom he reflected on the evening and its possible repercussions as he
drank the chocolate. "Sod, sod, sod these pompous academics," he said out loud
but there was no one to hear him. Or at least he thought there wasn't. Slowly
undressing in the bathroom because it was warmer than the bedroom, he finished
his drink and walked naked to his bed.

"What the bloody hell....?!" The light he turned on illuminated a naked girl,
spread-eagled on his bed, her hands tied to the head board and the ankles to the
foot. Packaging tape across her mouth kept her from speaking. Don recognised her
as chemistry Ph.D. research student, Jayne Fairclough. She had been to his
workshop on a number of occasions wanting pieces of equipment made for some
experiment or other. He liked her and knew her to be very quiet and shy and very
conscientious. Don had often noticed her in the lab late at night when most
other girls of her age would have been out on the town.

"What the bloody hell!" Don repeated as he picked up a sheet of A4 paper lying
across her thighs and covering her pubic area. The uppermost side was inscribed
in large bold letters:

READ THIS BEFORE DOING ANYTHING!

Don looked into the girl's tearful eyes and she shook her head when he turned
the paper over. It read:

I, Jayne Fairclough, have asked my friends to place me here as a present for you
to use as you please. I am still a virgin but am too shy to ask or allow a boy
to take me out and my work has precluded me from meeting them. Please help me
overcome this by taking me in any way you desire. Leave me tied and gagged until
you have finished so that I am unable to resist or make any attempt to dissuade
you.

Please help me live out my bedtime fantasy of being a sexual slave girl.

Thank you.

(Signed) Jayne Fairclough.



Don looked at the girl again and wondered if the note was genuine. Should he
remove the tape and let her tell him or did she really want to be forced into
having sex to overcome her shyness? Don's cock had no such compunctions. It
stood proudly erect, ready and willing to do its duty. His mind too was still
angry and almost willed him just to shove his cock into the helpless girl but he
hesitated. Something didn't seem quite right. He read the note again but still
couldn't put a finger on what was wrong. Was she really asking to be raped? Was
she being set up? If so, by whom?

"Jayne, I'm in a quandary," he said, "Do I believe this or not? If I remove the
tape to ask, it might spoil what you want me to do as you will automatically
protest, if I don't remove the tape, I shan't know if you are being forced to do
this by someone else. I am also puzzled how you were able to get in here. Maybe
you copied my key when you borrowed the bunch to get materials." Jayne
vigorously shook her head. Don laid his hands on her thighs and noticed how cold
her flesh seemed. Looking more closely he saw the goosebumps on her legs and
almost immediately felt the cool of the bedroom strike his flesh too. Pulling
the duvet over the girl he climbed in and lay closely alongside her.

"I am loathe to pass up a chance like this Jayne, but I want to be certain that
you want it too." Hesitating for a few moments he rubbed the inside of her open
crotch. "What I am going to do is this. For the next fifteen minutes I am going
to play with you sexually but will not use my cock. I will rub your cunt and
suckle your tits. You are beautiful you know when you are not hiding your form
under baggy clothes and a lab coat." Kissing her cheek, he went on, "If I feel
you are well stimulated and ready for sex, I will fuck you. If you still appear
cold and frigid, then I will release you. Understand?" Jayne once again shook
her head, no. Don had second thoughts but his cock wanted release. Nevertheless
he forced himself to keep to his bargain even if it was one sided.

Slowly he massaged her slit and began fingering her clit. He felt the girl
laying under him stiffen and try to remain rigid. Was it fear? Did she really
not want his attentions? Continuing his massage and starting to suck a nipple,
Don began to feel warmth and life coming to her. Her nipple hardened. Was she
responding or just feeling warm after the cold? Don's mind was still torn
between raping her hard and fast and being a gentleman, uncertain as to the
motives behind her being tied down. Kissing her again, he spoke softly. "Jayne,
have you ever had a man do this before?" Jayne shook her head, no. "But it feels
nice?" Jayne's head shake this time was much less positive. "Well I am going to
continue playing with you for the next eight minutes. By then your body, if not
your mind, will decide whether you want to become a woman."

Ten minutes later Jayne cunt was flowing wet and she moved her hips slowly under
Don's manipulations for a short while and then held herself rigid. Don realised
she was uncertain. Part of her wanted him to continue, part of her was afraid.
What was he to do? Would he traumatise this girl by fucking her or would she
think herself not good enough if he didn't? His cock said go ahead.

"Jayne, you are wet and ready, so I am going to fuck you. I just hope this is
what you actually want. I guess you are probably not on the pill or anything so
I will use a condom. Opening the drawer to the bedside table, he pulled out a
foil packet and in front of Jayne, rolled the latex sheath over his cock. For
the first time Jayne had a good look at it only inches from her face. It was
larger than she expected although normal by most men's standards. Slowly he
inserted his manhood into her until he felt the resistance of her hymen. He
pulled back but instead of thrusting forward and breaking the barrier, he worked
his cock back and forth in her entrance. Sensing her movements were now ones of
pleasure rather than of resistance, Don pulled the tape sharply from her mouth
and immediately kissed her.

"Jayne dear," Don started before she had chance to open her mouth again, "Jayne,
you are still a virgin, would you like me to continue and make you a woman, or
shall I withdraw and let you go?"

At first no coherent words came from Jayne's lips. Don kissed her again. "Please
say carry on," he pleaded.

Slowly Jayne mouthed, "Carry on." Don plunged in bringing a sharp cry from the
girl as she felt the pain strike through her body but it soon decreased and
pleasure took over as he fucked her with gentle force. Jayne felt fulfilled and
his cock pressed and rubbed against the walls of her cunt and brought her to a
climax better than any she had been able to get through masturbation. A little
later Don shot his load into the latex teat.




Chapter 2. Present opened and used

"What is all this about Jayne?" Don asked after he had freed her from the
restraints and she lay cuddled in his arms.

"Doctor Jones, ..."

"Call me Don please, were aren't at the college now."

"Don, I'm sorry. It wasn't my idea." Tears now came to Jayne's eyes although she
fought to keep them back. "I seem somehow to have annoyed Donna Biggs and..."

"Donna! No, Jayne, it wasn't you she was annoyed with it was me. I threw her out
for screwing around after she had been living with me for three months. She
probably expects you to cry rape and make me lose my job. Sorry, go on."

"She and Tasha Beckenham came into the lab earlier this evening when I was
alone. They grabbed me and forced me to the floor. Tasha sat on me while Donna
took the keys to the chemicals cupboard and got a bottle of chloroform. She put
some on a tissue and held it over my nose. I tried not to breathe but in the end
I had to. I tried to throw Tasha off my back but she's a heavy weight. Next
thing I knew I was tied to this bed although at the time I didn't know whose bed
it was."

"How did they get in?" Don murmured, "I took Donna's key back when she left.
Unless she had a duplicate?"

"Sorry Don, I don't know. I was naked here when I came round. Donna taunted me
about being a virgin and then read the note she placed on top of me. That isn't
my signature. I just prayed you would not believe it. You almost didn't."

"Yes, but I am glad I did. I hope you are too now but I can see it was an ordeal
for you at first. I was in a real dilemma. If the note was true and I refused
you, you might have been put off men for life. If it wasn't true then I could
get caught with a rape charge although with the note I might get away with it.
Hence I tried to find out your true feelings. Do you regret what happened?"

"Not really. Although I was scared at the time. I didn't know whose bed I was
in. I expected it to be one of the big rugby team players. It seemed hours
before I heard the door slam and someone come in. There seemed an awful lot of
banging about and my mind said whoever it was had lost the game and was in a bad
mood."

"You weren't far wrong there," Don interjected and gave her a brief report on
his exit from the meeting.

"I heard you in the bathroom and knew it was indeed a man and then you walked in
with nothing on. The look on your face was priceless when you saw me. I nearly
died of shame. I think I was more embarrassed than if it had been one of the
rugby players. I knew you and you knew me."

"Yes, I noticed. You blushed from head to toe and I could see it all," Don
laughed.

"I tried to get you not to believe the note but you seemed so uncertain."

"I know now what the uncertainly was. It was right at the beginning and I missed
it. It was where the note said, 'I have asked my friends'. As far as I know you
have never had any close friends, certainly not ones you could ask to do a thing
like this. Sorry I failed to spot that. I was more concerned with the rest of
the instructions. Cleverly worded to confuse me." Pulling Jayne closer he kissed
her again and went on, "I am glad it was like that. You are beautiful you know."

"No I'm not. Just ordinary."

"Ordinary but extraordinary nice." They lay for a while longer, each wrapped in
their own thoughts. Don broke the silence. "Do you wish to go back to your room
now or would you like to stay the night?"

"I've no clothes, no keys to get into the building, nothing. Maybe Jenny will
bring me something in the morning if I ask her but how will I explain being
here?"

"Who is Jenny?"

She's in the next room to mine although we only meet in passing."

Both lay awake for a long time before drifting off into a light sleep, both woke
at 4:45 a.m. "I need to go to the loo," Jayne whispered as she tried to untangle
herself from Don's arms. He switched on the light and watched as she slithered
out of bed and padded to the toilet. On her return she tried to cover her pubic
area with a hand but Don, just laughed, "No need to be shy. I've already seen
and felt everything you have." He admired her body as she climbed back into the
bed. Yes, it was quite ordinary. Small breasts, not too much flesh on the bones,
no make-up and yet there was a quality in her personality that attracted him.

Jayne watched as Don got out of bed and went to the loo. Once again she saw his
erect cock jut out from his loins and wondered if she would have to take it into
her body again. One part of her hoped she would, another rejected it especially
as her vagina was a little sore and tender. Still Don was nice. "Perhaps it is
what my subconscious wants," she thought. Don didn't cover himself as he climbed
back into bed. His hardness had now gone down but quickly returned when he
pulled Jayne on top of him and felt her flesh against his prick.

"Ready for a second bout?" Don asked.

"Do I have a choice when I am naked in bed with a randy man?" Jayne countered.

"None at all."

Don fitted another condom and they coupled again. For the second time in her
twenty-five years, Jayne felt her cunt being stretched as Don's cock entered. He
tried to be gentle but Jayne surprised him by hissing, "Do it. Do it hard. Do it
like you want to do it. Treat me like I know you want to." For a few seconds,
Don was taken aback. Here was this shy girl, a virgin until last night, wanting
to be dominated and fucked like a whore. It would be churlish of him to refuse.
Don rammed his cock in hard and pumped with gusto, just like he had with a few
of the other nympho students that had graced his bed. But this girl wasn't a
nympho was she? Having ejaculated only hours before, Don took longer to climax
this time which allowed Jayne to orgasm twice and cry out each time.

5:32 a.m. the phone rang. They had been relaxing in each other's arms after
coming down from the high of their fuck. "Who can that be at this hour of the
morning?" Don muttered as he picked up the bedside phone.

"Is she still there?" Don recognised Donna's voice.

"Where do you think she would have gone without any clothes?"

"Enjoy yourself?"

"Yes, thank you, Donna."

"Is she still a virgin?"

"No. What have you done with her clothes and stuff?"

"Is she still tied up?"

"No."

"Tell her I can recommend a good lawyer if she wants to press rape charges. My
guess is though, that is the way she wanted to be taken. Tied and helpless.
She's one of the quiet ones with deep desires that need forcing to the surface.
You can enjoy her for a while longer if you don't want to reveal where her
clothes are."

"She wasn't raped but she was kidnapped and that is a very serious crime."

"So she agreed to you shagging her while she was tied up?"

"Kinda, sorta, in a way but not really," Don replied cryptically. "What are you
doing up at this hour of the morning anyway?"

"Just staggered back in from an orgy party. I'm well screwed and happy too.
You'd better be careful though, you know how management frown on tutors sleeping
with students, especially when they cause trouble at meetings."

"How'd you know about that, Donna?"

"Bert Frensham was at the party. Bed now. Need some sleep. They're under the
bed."

"What's under the bed?"

"Her clothes and stuff stupid." The phone went dead.

Don relayed part of his conversation to Jayne who immediately jumped out of bed
and found her clothes, purse and keys were all tucked neatly under the bed.
"That's a relief." Jayne started to sort her clothes and began to dress.

"Stop right there young lady," Don ordered, "You're not getting away just like
that." Despite her protests he pulled her back into bed. "Your work will still
be there if you go in at 9 o'clock or ten or twelve. It doesn't matter. You put
in far more hours than your sponsors pay you for. I don't have to start my first
lecture until 1:30 but I need to get stuff ready so I will leave about half past
twelve. You can take the morning off too."

"No, I must go. I have to...."

"No you don't. You are staying even if I do have to tie you up again. The ropes
are still there."

"Please let me go." Jayne tried to get out of bed again.

"Not yet." Jayne struggled a bit and then settled down. She felt safe snuggled
alongside him. Don took her wrists and fastened them loosely into the ropes
above her head. "Now girl, we need to talk and I want some answers from you.
Truthful ones." Don kissed her and forced his tongue inside her mouth.
Transferring his attentions from her mouth to her tits, he squeezed them and
sucked the nipples until they were firm and then nipped them with his teeth
causing Jayne to cry out. Still sucking and biting her breasts, Don's fingers
tormented her clit until she was moaning with pleasure. He stopped abruptly.

"Jayne, you seem to enjoy being forced to submit to me sexually. Is that true?
Be honest with me and yourself."

Slowly Jayne nodded, yes but then went on, "I think also it is because I believe
I can trust you. You might hurt me a bit but I won't come to any harm."

"Is that because of something that happened in your childhood? You are
abnormally shy, is that part of it?"

"Probably, I did have a strange isolated childhood." Jayne paused for a long
while. "Don? Is our relationship likely to continue after this morning?"

"I'd very much like it to."

"You've had so many other girls. I've never had one real boyfriend. I don't have
a body that attracts them. My boobs are too small."

"Don't start running yourself down again. Your body attracts me. Certainly I
find you far more appealing than Donna and the actually few other girls I have
known. Appeal is not just having a gorgeous body and if I have the chance after
last night, I would very much like to continue and let our relationship develop.
What about you? What are your feelings?"

"At the moment, euphoric but bewildered by what has happened in such a short
space of time. I somehow sense that I can trust you. Just look at me. I'm lying
here naked with my wrists tied and I am making no effort to escape or pleading
to be let free. That is because I trust you not to do anything bad to me.
However, before I do tell of my early life, I would like to think it over
quietly by myself. Would you grant that please?"

Again Don kissed her and agreed to her request. "I'm not trying to pry into your
affairs, Jayne, it just seems that something has happened that may affect our
life. Both yours and mine, if they become intertwined."




Chapter 3. Early days

After breakfasting together, Jayne returned to college and started to repeat an
earlier experiment. It was to be the last of the series of four she had to
perform to confirm the results. It was now routine and she could let her mind
wander to the events of the previous night. Late in the afternoon she went to
Don's office and found him writing a note on his computer. She asked him how he
got on with the head. "Unless I give them a public apology, they are going to
ask the board of governors to terminate my employment. As the board are nearly
all academics, I could well lose this job although they may find it hard if I
take them to a tribunal. That I would do especially as it would take time and by
then I might be ready to set myself up in business. I'm writing my public
apology now but it might not be quite what they expect." Don pulled her close
and they kissed. "Will you come home with me tonight?"

"Would you really mind if I didn't? I've tried to think things out all day, but
spoilt the first experiment so had to do it again. At the moment I am very
confused. May I spend tonight in my room and come to you in the morning? Will
you be home tomorrow? It's Saturday."

"I shall miss not have you tied up in bed with me," Don's eyes twinkled, "But
yes, try and sort things out for yourself and do come to me at any time during
the day or even in the night."

Donna passed Jayne in a corridor and called out cattily, "What's it feel like to
be a woman now?" Jayne tried to ignore the comment but Donna turned and held her
by the arm. "I asked you a question slut."

"And I chose to ignore it." Jayne's voice was icy.

"Without my help you would not have felt the delights of having a man's hard
prick inside your tiny virgin cunt."

"And with your help I lay there scared to death for hours, not knowing where I
was or what was going to be done to me. I could easily have died. Thanks for
your help."

"Well, it seems Don not only put his prick in you, he put some courage as well,"
Donna muttered as they parted.

Jayne lay on her bed for a long time that evening weighing up her actions. Last
night had changed her life totally. Most girls work up to losing their
virginity, she had gone from shy girl to woman in an hour or two. She'd moved
from being completely alone to being in love. Or was she? Was it love? Was it
lust? Passion? What was the difference? Midnight came and she made herself a mug
of Horlicks. "It's supposed to help you sleep," she told herself. In the end she
took two sheets of paper and put down all the pro's to continuing the
relationship on one and all the cons on the other. Her scientific training came
in handy when she tried to evaluate the options but in the end the decision
wasn't the result of more pro's than cons. It was a simple choice as put in the
lines of some song she half remembered, "Is it better to have loved and lost
than never to have loved at all?" Having made the decision, she dropped off to
sleep for a few hours.

She awoke, it was a little before six o'clock and just beginning to get light.
Dressing and packing a small bag she walked to Don's house. There uncertainty
hit her. Should she ring the bell? For ten minutes she stood at the gate until a
passerby asked if she was alright. Looking up she saw a leer on his face and
decided she was vulnerable standing in the road. The man had only moved on a few
yards before stopping and watching.

To her it seemed like ages before the ring was answered, yet Don had hastily
donned a robe and almost immediately gone downstairs. Don, immediately the door
was shut, kissed her and guided her to the bed. Both naked again, they fucked
hard even though Jayne still felt sore from the previous day. For a while
afterwards both lay still until Don again asked about her childhood.

"For as long as I can remember," Jayne started hesitantly, "We have lived in an
isolated farm cottage. Our nearest neighbours were over half a mile away and we
were about eight miles from my school. Both my parents were very reluctant to
meet people and kept me from having friends over. It was many years before I
found out why. Father had been involved in a car accident where a small child
had been killed and as a result he'd served some time in prison. It was a fear
that this would become common knowledge now they had moved that made them keep
their previous life secret even from me. Mother would take me the whole way to
school on the back roads even though she could have driven me the one and a half
miles to the main road where I could get the school bus. We always arrived only
a few minutes before the start of class and she was there ready to pick me up
when school finished. I was not allowed to attend any after school activities
and consequently never had any real friends. Mother even caused a rumpus at
school one day when the whole class was given detention. Another mother and her
strolled into the room and ordered me and the woman's boy to leave despite
protests from the teacher. I was humiliated when mother told teacher, "If Jayne
has done something wrong, tell me and I will see her bottom is well chastised
but you will not disrupt our lives by keeping her after school." We had a letter
from the headmaster about it but no more was ever said."

"Were your parents kind to you or did they beat you?" Don asked.

"In many ways they were very kind but father believed in discipline and I was
spanked when he thought in necessary and on three occasions he used his belt.
Always though it was properly done. Nothing sexual. I would be laid over his lap
and my skirt lifted but always my knickers were left on. Afterwards I would be
made to say I was sorry and he would give me a hug and kiss my forehead. Then I
knew it was over and the incident wouldn't normally be mentioned again.

They were very supportive in my school work. Father always insisted on seeing my
homework after I had finished it and if it wasn't good enough, he would make me
do it again. My teacher often commented on the number of times I had done a
piece of work. Father also made me explain it all to him in words he could
understand. He didn't have a real education but was quick to learn. If he
couldn't understand my work or essay he would make me re-write it until he
could. That actually stood me in good stead when writing up projects later on.

Because mother and father insisted on keeping our family affairs completely
secret, I became fearful of saying anything to the few girls I could almost call
friends. I only met them at school. At weekends I was completely on my own,
except for my parents of course."

"Is your submissiveness just the result of being dominated and disciplined by
your father? You said their was nothing sexual about your punishments," Don
asked.

"Not entirely. On Sunday mornings I often walked across the fields to a farm
house only about half a mile away, to get our weekly supply of eggs and
sometimes a rabbit. Always it was the farmer's wife who came to the door and
usually I went into the kitchen to get the eggs but never stayed to chat. I was
nearly sixteen when one Sunday I noticed a plastic bag thrown in the hedge. In
it were three books. All were what you would term BDSM books where the heroine
was forced to submit to pain and sexual abuse by one or more masters. I secreted
the books and managed to get them into my room unnoticed and hid them in the
space under the bottom drawer of my dresser. I read them at night under the
bedclothes and ...."

"And played with yourself." Don finished for her. Jayne nodded. "You imagined
yourself as the heroine?" Again she nodded. "Did you do anything about it?"

"Not for a while but I kept wondering if pain would give me more of a climax.
One day I deliberately annoyed my father and so he would spank me. It was his
usual hard over the knee spanking but on top of my knickers. It was hard enough
to make me cry and afterwards I did go to my room and played with myself but
couldn't really get off because I was certain, Dad would come in and have a talk
with me. Which he did. So I was left frustrated until bedtime and by then I just
had some tenderness left. It wasn't what the books described. It wasn't being
forcibly held down, whipped and raped purely for sex."

"Do you still have the urge to be whipped and forcibly raped?"

"Don, I really don't know. Last night worked out fine but whether I could stand
being beaten first, I don't know. Much might depend on how severe it was and who
was doing it."

"Donna must have known about your fantasies," Don remarked.

"I don't know how. I've only ever spoken to Donna on work matters."




Chapter 4. The kidnapper punished

Jayne went to the lab on Sunday afternoon to plate a culture ready for work on
Monday and stopped at the dorm block to get a few things from her room. Ben, an
elderly security officer sat at his desk together with a younger assistant.
"Afternoon, Miss Fairclough," Ben greeted her, "This is Peter who will be taking
over from me next month." Jayne greeted them both. Ben went on, "Your friend
Donna is already here and has gone up to your room."

"What?" Jayne was shocked at the information.

"She said, you said for her to go up and wait in your room. You had given her
the key."

"I have my key here Ben and I haven't seen Donna for a few days. I think you had
better come up with me and see what she is up to."

They moved quietly when on the second floor. Jayne's door was ajar. Almost
silently Ben pushed it open. The movement though startled Donna and she turned
and looked aghast at the group. In turn they saw what she had been doing. The
word WHORE was written in red lipstick on Jayne's blouses and underwear. Jayne
was furious at seeing how her clothes were defaced but before she could say
anything, Ben picked up a ring with three keys which lay on top of Donna's
purse.

"First Miss Biggs, where did you get this key?" Ben asked with authority.

"It's the one for my friends door and it also happens to fit here." Donna
replied.

Ben examined the key closely, "Try again Miss Biggs, this is a master key and a
copy at that. You certainly aren't allowed to have one." Donna muttered
something unintelligible. Ben continued, "What are these other keys for? They
look like copies too."

"One looks like it would fit Dr. Jones door," put in Jayne, "Perhaps that is how
you got in there the other day."

"You bastard," Donna spat at him and made a dash for the door. Peter was quicker
and blocked her escape but she still tried to kick and punch.

"I think we had better put some cuffs on this one," Ben suggested, "Hold her
Peter while I slip these over her wrists." This done Ben went on, "Now perhaps
we can go to my office and find out the truth about what you are doing here, why
you are doing it and how you came by these keys. Any one of these things I would
expect you could get expelled for, let alone all three. Miss Fairclough, would
you mind leaving things as they are here for the moment, until Peter has taken
some digital photos of the mess for evidence."

On the way back to the security office, a group of students stared and one boy
called out, "It's about time you locked that bitch up!"

"Shit on you too," was Donna's succinct reply. Even in the security office Donna
continued to berate Ben and Peter and particularly Jayne. Peter locked her in a
store room to cool down and then went to take the pictures. Ben, a pleasant
fatherly man, questioned Jayne about the reasons behind the incident. Rather
shyly, Jayne told him of her kidnapping and being tied down in Dr. Jones' bed
but didn't go into any subsequent details other than to say, she was staying
with him for the time being and had only returned to pick up some more clothes.

"I wouldn't really want to see Donna expelled especially as she has only one
more term before she graduates. Even if she is a real nasty person, it would
mean throwing away three years of her life," Jayne commented to Ben.

"I don't see what else we can do. You don't have to press charges for the damage
she has done to your stuff but I can't ignore the keys. That's a very serious
offense. We don't know how many other rooms she has been in."

"Can't we offer her a bare bottom belting? That would do her more good."

"Yeah, it might but it might also lose me my job."

"You're near retiring. Why not see what she says?"

"She could claim I was making indecent suggestions. Why are you so keen to help
her anyway?" Ben looked in askance at her.

"Well... although she kidnapped me and all that, it seems to be working out
okay. Look, I'll suggest it to her and then say I will try and persuade you. You
and Peter might even get to have a bit of fun with her afterwards. Seems most of
the boys in the school have."

"Okay, just sound her out. I'm not saying I will agree to it yet. Young Peter
will have to agree as well but his cock may well dictate his answer."

As Jayne entered the storeroom, Donna greeted her sourly, "Come to gloat bitch?"

"No Donna, I have not. You realise that you are very likely to be expelled from
college over this, even if I don't press charges. Security seem to take a very
dim view of your having a copy of a master key. All your last three years will
be wasted if that happens and much as I dislike you, I think that would be
rather unfair."

"As if you care."

"In many ways I don't, but as it turned out you did me a favour by kidnapping me
and..."

"And you got yourself screwed a few times and probably think you're in love.
Believe me, it will take more than lying on your back for a few fucks to keep
him. He likes variety. I know. I've had him in all three holes and most rooms
and in most positions."

"Do you want to throw away three years of work?" Jayne snapped ignoring Donna's
remarks.

"No, of course not. You offering an alternative?"

"Well I have always been punished by smacking or the belt. I could suggest it to
Ben. He might not agree and the punishment would have to be pretty severe to
mitigate what you have done. It's only a suggestion. And I don't know what they
might do afterwards."

"Are you suggesting I allow my arse to be thrashed by two men who will probably
want to fuck me afterwards!" Donna's voice rose.

"Think about it Donna. A few hours of pain. No criminal record. No expulsion.
That is if they can be persuaded to do it." Very reluctantly, Donna agreed and
still handcuffed went with Jayne back to the office. Ben and Peter were both
there. Peter was showing Ben the pictures on the camera monitor.

"Ben and you too Peter," Jayne started, "We were wondering if you would consider
using corporal punishment on Donna instead of getting her thrown out of college.
She is willing to accept a bare bottom thrashing with a belt, if you will turn a
blind eye to her having the master keys and I will not press charges for the
damage she has done to my stuff. There will be no witnesses but Donna, I will
expect to see the results of your punishment tomorrow evening."

Ben demurred and brought up his earlier objections but Peter was more in favour
and did his best to convince his senior to allow it. "We could take her down to
the boiler room where the extra noise wouldn't be heard." Donna wanted to know
how many belts she was to take but Ben was non committal. He hadn't agreed and
she was going to have to pay the price for saving three years work. Finally they
agreed and Donna was led away.

*****

Don answered the door next evening and let a still somewhat tearful Donna into
the lounge. Jayne looked up from writing and noticed how stiffly the girl
walked. "You went through with it then," she commented.

"Of course I did, bitch."

"Now then Donna, she did you a great favour and you know it," Don butted in.
"Let's see what they did and then you can tell us all about it. You know how you
love to broadcast your conquests."

Both were quite shocked by the amount of bruising and the colour of her bottom.
It was obviously very sore and tender. Jayne offered to put a couple of pillows
on the easy chair and this was accepted, even if not with the best of grace.

"It looks bad now Donna but I bet in a week most of that colour will have gone
and your arse will only be a bit tender. There's no cuts or anything." Don
looked closely at her tortured flesh. "Tell us the whole sorry saga."

"They took me to the boiler room and used the handcuffs to fasten me to a pipe.
They said they would have to wait until the next shift came on before they could
deal with me. The desk couldn't be left unattended for long. So I sat on the
floor tied to a pipe for over two hours, and it was stinking hot in there.
Eventually they came and bent me over the bench the engineers use. It was
horrible and oily. My handcuffs were put in a vice and then they took off my
trousers and knickers. Peter felt all over my bum and into my slit until Ben
said there would be time for that later. Ben showed me the belt he had brought.
It was quite wide and shiny with a big brass buckle. I knew it would hurt and I
kept asking them not to use it or hurt me. They refused. Even when I offered to
let them fuck me they refused and said they were going to do that anyway, after
they had warmed me up a little. Warmed was really a terrible understatement. Ben
wielded that belt hard and soon I was screaming for them to stop. Eventually he
did but only to hand the belt to Peter. He was much kinder but still I couldn't
help myself. I screamed and pleaded."

"How many strokes did they give you?" asked Jayne,

"I've no idea. Too many. Then I heard a zipper and felt a cock at my entrance.
It was Peter. I was very wet and he just put it in and in no time at all, came.
No pleasure at all for me. Ben though, old as he is, was much better except that
the pain I felt each time his loins hit my arse took the edge of the pleasure.
He took quite a while and I did actually climax. When he finished he told Peter
to wait until I calmed down and then release me and see me home. He then left. I
am sure he didn't want to be seen with me.

Peter played with me for a bit and then found some burn cream in first aid kit
down there and put that on me. It eased the pain a little. I kept begging him to
let me go but he said I wasn't calm enough. I tried to calm myself and then felt
his cock entering me again. This time he was able to control himself for much
longer and in the end I got off again before he did. Instead of taking me back
to my dorm room, he took me to his place and actually looked after me well. He
let me soak in his bath and then put on more of the cream. I was then laid face
down on his bed and he made tea and I spent the night and the rest of today
there."

"Are you going back there after you leave us?" Don asked.

"No, I've got to get a change of clothes but I might see him again sometime."




Chapter 5. Painful submission

"Don?" Jayne's companion looked up, "Is it true you will get tired of me if I
don't let you have sex with me in all manner of different ways?"

"Wow! What a question. I bet that came from Donna."

"Yes, she said you two did it in every hole in every room in every position and
if I just lay down and let you have me in the same way each time, you would tire
of me."

"Jayne dear, there is a great deal of difference between you and Donna. Donna
has only one thing on her mind all he time. Sex, sex and more sex. I think she
exaggerated what we did although I did fuck her in each of her holes. We did
also do it in various ways. That doesn't mean I would tire of you for only doing
it one way although I hope you will be open to trying more than one position for
your own enjoyment."

Jayne was silent for a long while. "Don?"

"Yes?"

"You know I sort of enjoy being submissive?" Again Don affirmed the comment and
waited to hear what she was going to suggest. "Well, when we are alone and
relatively idle like now, would you treat me like a harem slave? Force me to do
things I wouldn't normally agree to doing. Punish me if I don't do them."

"What like stripping you down and hanging you by your ankles and flogging you
until you bleed and then raping your arsehole?"

"I don't believe you would go as far as that. I don't think you would do
anything that would really harm me."

Don hugged and kissed her. "You're right, but I do like to be dominant and I
would like to spank or even use a tawse of belt on your bum now and again. And
yes, there are times when I would like to fuck your arse and have you suck me
off. Do you think it is worth giving it a trial?"

"Yes, perhaps when we are being as it were, normal, we could address each other
as Don and Jayne as we do now, but when we go into master and slave mode, I
should call you Sir, and you call me Miss. In that mode I would have to submit
to your whims or be punished."

"You know Miss, that was a terrible thing you did to Donna. She's in
considerable pain because of it." Don immediately went into Master mode.

"I'm sorry Sir, I thought that it was for the best."

"You could have offered them your own body but instead you chose to humiliate
the girl. Aren't you ashamed of yourself?"

"Yes, Sir." Jayne spoke quietly wondering how far Don would go. "What should I
do to make up for it?"

"I would have thought the least you could do was to take a similar punishment
yourself Miss. A good hard thrashing should help to take a little of the guilt
away. Do you wish me to take on that task?"

Uncertainly Jayne agreed, wondering now if she could really trust him, after all
they only met socially a few days ago. Would he be able to control himself once
he started to hit her. She would soon find out. She had agreed to be his slave."

"Strip," ordered Don. That was no problem, although she remembered Ben and Peter
had only removed Donna's trousers and underwear. "Stand and face that wall and
reflect on the punishment you are going to receive and why you are receiving
it." While Jayne faced the wall like a naughty girl, Don cleared the table of
books and papers and then went into the bedroom and retrieved the ropes that had
originally tied her to the bed. "Over the table," came the crisp command.

Jayne lay along the table and allowed her master to tie each wrist to a table
leg. "Please don't hurt me too much, Sir," she pleaded.

"I shall punish you just as hard as I think is necessary to ensure this doesn't
happen again. A token spanking will not do you any good at all Girl, only a good
strapping such as poor Donna had will do." Before fastening her ankles Don
placed a pillow under her abdomen. He massaged her arse for a few minutes. "Does
that feel nice Miss?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Well next time my hands feel your bum, they won't feel nice. They will hurt and
there is nothing you can do about it." Although she tried to control it, Jayne
began to shake a little with fear, telling herself Don would not really harm
her. Now though she had doubts. Was he play acting? Was some hidden sadistic
personality coming out? Don left the room and returned with a crepe bandage.
Knotting it several times in the centre he pushed the knot in Jayne's mouth and
tied the ends around her head.

"Maybe you thought you could scream for help. Try it and see." She did but only
muffled gurgles came forth. Jayne was worried now. She knew he was going to hurt
her if he needed to use a gag.

Don rubbed and squeezed her arse again and ran his finger in her crack. It came
out red. "Damn, you've started your period Miss. Still that won't stop your
thrashing. It will just mean losing another of your virginities. Instead of
fucking your cunt, it will be your arse." Leaving the room again Don returned
with a heavy leather tawse and showed it to the now tearful victim. In his mind
he debated how far he could go with this 'punishment'. He knew she had been
punished before with a belt but this tawse was a much more fearsome weapon. "But
if I only give her a few strokes with it and she objects and refuses to try it
again, I will never know if she could have taken a full correctional punishment.
The times I've used it before didn't do any harm but I never get to doing it
properly," Don told himself. To Jayne he said, "This is an old leather tawse
they used in Borstal Correctional Institutions many years ago. I bought it at a
car boot sale from the wife of a deceased warder. I've kept it well oiled with
neatsfoot oil and have used it on one or two bums before but only for a few
strokes. This time I want to try it to near its full potential. Again it will be
used as an instrument of punishment." Don grinned as he cracked the leather on
the table top alongside Jayne. Something inside his mind told him he was going
too far, but he ignored it. The sound made hime jump and he knew he wouldn't
really be able to lay it on this young girl in the proper correctional way.
After all the Borstal was for boy offenders. However he kept up the pretense to
Jayne. "You wanted to be a slave girl, now you are helpless and ready to take
whatever I like to dish out." Crying now, Jayne tried to plead with him but no
words came. She struggled but there was no way she could free herself.

CRACK!! The first stroke came crashing down on her bare arse. A feeble attempt
at a scream came through her gag. Her arse was on fire. Her father's belt was
nothing compared to this. Don's eyes glowed at sight of the livid welt. His mind
slipped and the arse he saw in front of him was no longer of a girl he was very
fond of. It was the arse of a miscreant. An arse that needed punishing.
Severely. CRACK!! CRACK!! CRACK!! CRACK!! CRACK!! CRACK!! The tawse came down at
about ten second intervals although the force was not as hard as the first,
nevertheless Jayne thought she could never stand the pain. It was horrendous.
Why had she allowed this man to completely dominate her like this? She didn't
really need to be punished.

It was several minutes before she realised Don had put the tawse down and was
massaging her bum flesh again. He could feel the heat and hoped some would find
its way to her sex. He'd calmed down a little but was still in slave master
mode. "Well my little slave miss, I can either fuck your bloody cunny or your
arse. Seeing you are in no position to object, I think I will try the arse," he
said. Don left his girlfriend and went to the bathroom returning with a tube of
cream which he spread liberally over the overheated flesh and then into her anal
opening.

"No, no, no," Jayne tried to cry out but nothing but mumbling came from behind
the gag. The cream on her bum was soothing the soreness a little but she didn't
find his finger entering her hole at all comfortable and was frightened at the
thought of how painful his much larger prick might be. From her reading she knew
that some girls did like it in that hole but she had never met anyone who would
admit to it. Then she felt it. His cock head was pushing at her entrance. She
closed her muscles. The cock moved away. She breathed a sigh of relief until Don
picked up the tawse again and stood in front of her, his prick almost touching
her face.

"How many more strokes of this tawse will it take before you try and open
yourself to me?" he asked. Jayne couldn't answer. "If I lay it on from this
position the tongues will find their way into both your holes my dear. That
could be extremely painful. Do you want me to try?" Jayne shook her head, no.
"Well I will just do it once for now and then we will see if you open up your
arsehole ready to take me in. If you don't try and open, then I'll give you
another ten, and try again." Bringing the tawse down smartly but without undue
force, he noticed how Jayne bucked violently in her bonds and guessed it was
very painful. "You know what you have to do. Press down as though you are
opening your bowels, which you are."

There was no real choice and Jayne knew it. As he probed her entrance so she
tried to open herself to him. It was painful especially as her arse muscles
cried out when she did so. This time Don got the head of his cock inside and
soon after felt her passage ease and the rest of his manhood followed. When his
pubic hair hit Jayne's arse she bucked a bit with the pain of the contact but
then quietened. Don's hands now encompassed her thighs and his fingers played
with her clit in an effort to arouse her. For a minute of two his cock was
still, buried deep in the poor girls rectum. Slowly he withdrew and pushed in
again, this time using his hands to pull himself on the front of her thighs. All
the time he fingered her clit. Slowly a spark of excitement flared in her.
Gradually Don picked up speed with his thrusting until he was fucking her hard.
It hurt Jayne but she felt pleasure too. The finger tormenting her clit and cunt
were sending waves of desire into her body. Don could feel her trying to push
into him as far as her bonds allowed. He felt her climax and tried to hold back
his own but it was a forlorn hope. Shortly after he plunged in for the final
time and loosed his sperm deep into her bowels.

Looking at the ravaged girl, his mind returning to normal, he knew he had gone
too far for this first attempt. Would it be the last attempt? "Jayne," he said
quietly, "You did very well sweetheart. I will release you in a few minutes
after I have put some cold towels on your bum to try and take some of the fire
away." Ten minutes later she was free. Don helped her stand and move to the bed
where her laid her face down.

"Did I go too far?"

"Yes, you bastard, yes, you did." I wasn't very often that Jayne swore. "I never
expected such a horrific thrashing."

"Sorry Jayne, but I needed to know how far you could go. Tomorrow we will go
through what I did and where you got pleasure and where it was sheer horror, so
that I will know how far to go in the future."

"Maybe," Jayne countered, and to herself she added, "If there is a future." Don
put his arms around her and cuddled her body close to his. Again she felt
childlike and safe but her mind was still very unsure about her future. "I
believe he lost it for a while," she told herself over and over again.

Don soon fell asleep but Jayne lay awake for a long while and when she did doze
it was only for short periods. The pain in her arse was too great to sleep. A
little after three o'clock in the morning she got up and went to the bathroom to
apply more cream. Twisting her body she looked horrified at the tender purple
flesh. Tenderly and carefully she touched it and winced with pain. "Was it worth
it?" she thought to herself. She took a couple of Ibuprofen tablets and applied
the cream before returning to bed without waking Don and drifted into a light
sleep.

Don woke her when he got up. Although he seemed very concerned at the state of
her arse and apologised profusely for what he had done, Jayne was still
undecided as to whether she would stay or not. She didn't tell him though, she
let him think she was with him permanently and might forgive his behaviour. For
the first time he brought her breakfast in bed but laughed when she couldn't sit
to eat it properly. That decided her.

"I've got an early class this morning and my apology should be printed today so
I must go, I'll call by the lab and tell them you are not well but may come in
later. If I don't see you I'll come home at lunch time." Don kissed her and
left. Jayne puzzled over this strange mixture of concern and sadism.




Chapter 6. Friends with Donna

From the uproar in the staff room, Don knew the local morning paper had arrived
and his apology had been printed. Miss Blenkensop and Mr. Savory's voices could
be heard above the rest even before he opened the door. Immediately he appeared
and went to his pigeon hole, there was complete silence and he heard the noise
level rise again when he left with his mail.

"He has insulted us completely with this apology," Vera Blenkensop whined, "It's
not an apology at all, it's an insult," she repeated.

"Well read it out, we haven't seen it since you are hogging the paper," Jack
Sinden shouted. Vera stood and read.

'An Apology to Staff at St. Joseph's College.

I, Dr. Donald Jones do hereby publicly apologise for my behavior at the staff
meeting on Thursday evening. I should not have intervened in the
inter-departmental squabbling by members of the english and mathematics team and
thereby terminating their petty quibbles that were boring the rest of the staff
and wasting their free time.

I apologise to Headmaster Parsons also for taking over the role he should have
fulfilled in keeping the discussion on its proper course without the misleading
side discussions.

I apologise to all the staff who suffered because no one intervened earlier.

(Signed) Dr. D. Jones'

"Looks like you got your public apology Vera, even if it wasn't quite worded the
way you expected and rather more public than you wanted," Jack stated, "Guess we
may be looking for a new head of engineering next term. Pity. Some of us agreed
with what he did but I guess the governors will throw the book at him for
getting it in the paper."

Jack worked in the carpentry shop in the same block as Don and they knew each
other well. Both were practical men and hypothetical discussions on planning
bored them. "You stirred up a hornet's nest there Don," he remarked as he called
in to see his friend.

"I expected as much but I've pretty much had it with the bureaucracy and
paperwork they are creating. Why can't they just leave us to do our jobs which
is teaching students not filling in forms and spending hours trying to decide
how to integrate unlike subjects. Our students need to know maths and english
but it isn't up to engineering and woodwork to teach it, which is what they are
telling us."

"I know that Don. You don't have to convince me but they are after your head, so
tread a little carefully if you want to keep your job," Jack went on.

"Yeah, I know but I'm not sure if I want to continue much longer. If I can get a
market for my robots, then I won't need to stay but keep that under your hat."
The two went about their normal business for the day. During the morning the
headmaster requested Don's presence in his office but the meeting was brief and
very much to the point.

"I have informed the governors of your action Dr. Jones and they will arrange a
meeting with you and your union representative to discus terminating your
employment with us. Good morning,"

*****

Jayne struggled to wash after Don had left. She had decided to return to her old
room and think about what had happened. Walking was painful and she knew even if
she took a taxi to the college, she had quite a walk to her room especially as
she would be carrying two holdalls of stuff. Perhaps if I use the Treadwalk
machine for a bit it might loosen up my muscles. The Treadwalk was a machine Don
had part designed and occasionally used in a effort to keep fit. Jayne set it to
slow and found it did indeed help but even so, walking was still painful and
slow.

By 10.30 she was back at the college and hobling her way along the corridor to
her room. "Hey bitch, you taking the piss out of me?" Donna's voice rang out
followed soon after by her hand smartly striking Jayne's skirt covered arse.

"Aarghh!" Jayne cried and immediately tears flowed from her eyes.

Donna immediately guessed she wasn't faking and looked concerned, "Sorry," she
said, "I thought you had seen me limping along like an old woman and were
mimicking me. Don beat you?" Jayne nodded. "With that old leather tawse?" Again
Jayne nodded. "You are more trusting of him that me. I wouldn't let him touch me
with it. His hand was bad enough. Still I am through with him now. He fucks well
but has a mean streak."

They had reached Jayne's room and Donna followed her in. "Let's see what he did
to you," Donna demanded and when Jayne demurred went on, "Well you forced me to
show you mine." Jayne lifted her skirt and revealed her bare purple arse. "My
God, he really did lay into you. You must have been tied down or something."

"Yes, I was. I thought it was going to be more like our first night. It was only
after I was helpless he showed me the tawse."

"What have you put on it?"

"Some cream he had in the bathroom."

"I've got some in my purse that is pretty good. Pharmacist recommended."

"You asked him for cream for a well whipped bottom?"

"Her. I knew her from several parties and she knew about me so I she prescribed
some with a painkiller ingredient and will soothe the abrasions. Seems to work
if you don't walk about too much. Take your dress off and I'll put some on you."

Although she guessed Donna would do more than just apply cream, the walking had
made her muscles scream and the rubbing of the skirt had inflamed her soreness.
In any case she didn't haven't anything really suitable in her own room and
would have to go out again before she could obtain relief. Reluctantly she
unbuttoned her dress and let it slip to the floor. Apart from socks and shoes
she was now naked. Her tits were tender from being mauled last night and as she
wasn't well endowed in that department, she hadn't worn a bra. As Jayne lay face
down on her bed she noticed Donna twist the deadlock on the door so even the
cleaning staff couldn't get in. "Now we won't be disturbed," Donna said, "Have
you ever made it with a woman before?"

"Please Donna, don't."

"I'm not going to hurt you. You probably did me a favour besides not getting me
kicked out. I quite liked being with Peter although I could have well done
without the old man even if he was a considerate fuck." While she was talking,
Donna removed Jayne's shoes and then started to apply the cream making sure she
rubbed it well into the uninjured crack area and manipulation Jayne's clit
causing her to start becoming aroused.

"Donna, don't"

"Just lie still until I am ready," Donna demanded. Jayne acquiesced. Quickly
Donna stripped and then lay head to tail alongside her new friend.

"Your bottom still looks very sore Donna but not quite a fiery as it did the
other evening," remarked Jayne.

Ignoring the comment Donna slid herself under Jayne's body and lay with her legs
spread either side of Jayne's head. "I am sure you know what to do Jayne, if not
just do to me what I do to you." With that she started to tongue the older girls
cunt and use it to probe the inner folds of her labia. Finally she started to
suck the clitoris. "Do the same to me Jayne or I'll smack your arse until you
do." Suiting action to words, she gave a token smack to the bottom above her
head and heard a yelp from the recipient. Tentatively Jayne started to use her
tongue and as her partner aroused her more so she plied her own tongue more
enthusiastically to the cunt beneath her mouth. Thirty minutes later, both had
climaxed several times and were sweating profusely.

"Let's shower," ordered Donna, "Convenient that you research students get en
suite rooms." Together they showered each soaping and washing the other. Jayne
particularly seemed to spend time on Donna's breasts which were so much larger
than her own. "You'd like a pair this size, wouldn't you Jane?"

"Perhaps or maybe somewhere between mine and yours. Ones that size must be
awkward at times. Still no doubt they are added attractions when it comes to
getting boyfriends."

After drying and creaming each other's bottoms, Donna suggested they get to the
cafeteria early and grab a bite to eat before the crowds came in after morning
classes. "Perhaps although I don't really feel like sitting on those hard seats.
At least Don won't be there or not until later. He did say he was going to look
in on me at his house at lunchtime. Perhaps he will come here after. I really
don't want to face him for a while."

"You'll have to sooner or later, so best to get it over with. Don't let him put
one over you."

Don did turn up soon after they had returned from the cafeteria. Donna let him
in and then left saying, "Remember what I said earlier."

Don again apologised for what he had done and asked her to come back with him,
reiterating he would never do it again. "But can I trust you, Don?" She was
assured she could but in the back of her mind Jayne kept remembering she had
trusted him and he had gone too far. Would he inveigle her into a position where
she was helpless and then take advantage of her. In the end she said, "Don,
despite your assurances it will take some time before I can really trust you
again. We had I thought, a bond beginning to form between us. Now it is broken.
Maybe it can be repaired but it is not something even with your engineering
skills can weld with your blowtorch. In many ways I hope we can gt together
again but first I have to sort out things in my own mind." Jayne paused and then
went on, "Don, I don't want to see you except in the normal course of business,
until Friday after classes end. That will give me a little time to sort things
out in my mind and for the pain to recede. That gives me four days. If at the
end of that time you still want to see me, come and find me and see if I feel
that way too."

"Okay Jayne. I do want you back. I just hope I am still at the college then."

"Why shouldn't you be?"

"Guess you haven't heard the rumpus my apology in the paper caused. I have a
meeting with the board of governors on Friday morning."




Chapter 7. Retribution

Although she tried to avoid the engineering department on Wednesday afternoon
her work required a special metal collar to fit a video camera to the apparatus
she was using. She knew it was a simple turning job but had tried to cobble one
together from card tube and masking tape without success until her superior told
her to see Dr. Jones instead of 'buggering about and wasting time'. Don passed
the job to one of the students and while she waited quietly asked her if she
come to a decision. "I keep vacillating one way and then the other Don. I really
don't know what to do," she replied. "I am still very sore and stiff and have to
try and choose a soft seat if I am to sit in relative comfort."

"Jayne, I know I went too far but I promise that will not happen again. Please
trust me." Don seemed genuinely upset.

"That's is the problem Don. I cannot make up my mind on that point. I wish I
could."

"Will this do Miss?" the student enquired.

"It looks very good to me," Jayne smiled at him and then turned to Don, "Thank
you too, Dr. Jones. I hope everything goes in your favour on Friday."

After classes on Thursday, Donna came into the lab to enquire if Jayne had come
to any decision yet. She received more or less the same reply as Don. Donna
discussed the options in her usual frank sexual way.

"You enjoyed him fucking you right?" Jayne nodded. "You enjoyed being made to
submit to him?"

"After I got over the initial fright, yes."

"But he hurt you too badly with the tawse to enjoy any sex after?" Again Jayne
nodded affirmatively. "But you wouldn't mind a hand spanking?"

"Possibly."

"You didn't mind being tied up and then fucked?" Another nod.

"But you cannot trust him not to go further if he had you helpless?"

"That's the real crux of the matter Donna. I trusted him and he went too far.
Can I ever trust him again?"

"Why don't you give him a taste of his own medicine?"

"Like walloping his arse? I don't think I could."

"Think about it. If you can get your own back he might realise how much he hurt
you." With that Donna left Jayne to continue with her work.

*****

"Have you come to a decision, Jayne?" Don asked when he entered the lab on
Friday afternoon.

"Yes, but you may not like it. First though tell me how you got on this morning.
Are they throwing you out?"

"Dammit Jayne, stop keeping me in suspense. If you don't want to see me again,
please say so in clear terms." Don waited.

"Please answer my question Don. If you are going to be thrown out, it may have
some bearing on whether we can or cannot be together. Then I promise you I will
give you my decision and you can either reject or accept the terms."

"No, I am not being thrown out. Nothing was decided but my representative says
they would find it difficult to dismiss me before the end of the school year
anyway. He also gave them a long list of those wanting to speak on my behalf
which means the governors will have to call several more meetings to get through
them all. He also gave them warning that if I was dismissed the case would go to
an industrial tribunal for unfair dismissal which would be held in public with
the press present. So I'm here at least until the end of the school year. Now
please, let me know what you have decided."

"Don?" Jayne started very hesitantly, unsure of whether she could actually do
what she was going to suggest. "Don, after last weekend I am still not sure if I
can trust you not to repeat what you did if I ever allowed you to have me
helpless again."

"You want me to leave Jayne?" Don interrupted.

"Hear me out Don, please. It is difficult for me too. My bottom is still
bruised. If I am to trust you, you have to trust me. You already know I like to
be dominated, but fantasy and reality are not the same. It is one thing to be
ordered to strip and have sex in a variety of ways even to be urged on with a
spanking but it is quite another to be thrashed so hard that after a week,
walking is still not that easy."

"I know that Jayne. I accept that I went far too far. I have repeatedly
apologised for it and promised not to do it again but......"

"Listen to me Don. I said, if I am to trust you, you have to trust me. You have
got to trust me. What I suggest is that you show that trust by laying over that
table, bound just like I was, and allow me to give your backside a sound
thrashing with that terrible tawse. If you can accept being completely at my
mercy, my being in complete control and doing that, knowing that I may well want
to take revenge to the fullest, then I am willing to join with you again on a
month's trial. Afterwards the tawse would have to be completely destroyed. Could
you do that Don?"

"Yes," Don said without hesitation, "If it means getting you back, then I will
take your punishment, however severe." Jayne was a little taken aback by the
swiftness of the reply. She'd expected he would negotiate and try to get out of
it. "Finish up here Jayne. Do it tonight. Then we can be together again. Jayne
please don't put me off. I love you and want us to be together always."

"You might not think so when your bottom is screaming with pain and you can
hardly stand or sit and every movement is excruciatingly difficult. Remember
Don, once you are helpless like I was, I could go over the top too. You have to
trust that I don't. I too could blur the line between fantasy and reality."

"I trust you Jayne. I don't think you would go over the top. I didn't think you
would even ever want to wield the tawse."

"You know what they say about the quiet ones Don." Jayne laughed for the first
time that week. "You never know what I might do once I feel the power I have
over you and see the marks the leather makes on your backside." Don wondered how
much of what Jayne said was bravado and how much was indeed the truth. He
remembered he had those feelings when Jayne was helpless on the table. She was
doing a very good job of keeping him on tender-hooks. This was reinforced when
they visited the chemist on their way to Don's house and she bought another tube
of the special cream that Donna recommended.

"Undress," Jayne commanded as the entered the room. Shakily Don removed his
clothes. Now it was getting near crunch time, he was beginning to doubt the
wisdom of his decision. He began to doubt whether his trust in her was well
placed. Nevertheless he removed all his clothing and found the tawse for her.
She'd taken the tawse then so could he.

Whack!! Jane brought the tawse hard down on the table. "Your bottom is harder
than mine so I wonder if the sound will be the same as the table?" Don didn't
answer.

"Lay down in position." Again Jayne tried to put her authority in her voice and
seemed to succeed. Soon her erstwhile master was helpless and gagged in front of
her. Moving round she inspected her captive, taunting him as she did so. Don's
fear was very real now. He felt her remove his prick from under his belly and
let it hang down over the end of the table. All thoughts of sexual stimulation
were far from his mind. Jayne was fully in command. He was totally helpless. His
body shaking with the knowledge she could hurt him as much or worse that he had
her. Revenge could motivate her, could blind her trust.

Swinging the tawse gently against her palm, Jayne walked around the bound and
gagged man again. The suspense was agonising for him. Would she do it? Would she
keep herself under control?

Whack!! The sound even made Jayne jump. Don's body jerked in the air. He would
have screamed had he been able. He felt a soft hand caress his rump and then
stillness.

Whack!! Again the tawse landed. This time there was a long pause. He tried
shaking his head to gain her attention to try and plead with his eyes but her
vision was concentrated on his now colouring arse. What he didn't know was the
turmoil going on in Jayne's mind. Hurting someone was alien to her even though
she had been punished many times herself. Somewhere from the back of her mind
she heard her father say as he had said it to her many times, "This punishment
is for your own good Jayne. It will help you be a better person." Would it help
Don be a better person too, she wondered. She decided it might. There was only
one way to find out.

Whack!! Whack!! Whack!! Whack!! Whack!! Whack!! Jayne laid on six more strokes
in fairly quick succession but without using the full power she had on the first
two. Don's arse though was deep red and felt very hot when she carefully touched
it. Quietly she spoke, "I'm sorry Don. It's all over now. I can't rape your
bottom like you did me but for a moment or two I am going to leave you tied up.
You now know how I felt and can reflect on it." Leaving him still gagged and
helpless she went to the kitchen and made a pot of tea. In the five minutes or
so she was away Don did indeed reflect wryly on his punishment on what he had
done to her. He knew he would never ever go that far with her again.

Jayne released his gag and kissed him. "I am sorry Don. Truly sorry but I felt
it was for your own good. I didn't want to hurt you at all. I'll put some cream
on your bottom and then untie your hands. If you then want me to leave I will go
straight-away. If you want me to stay then I will release your ankles and
promise to be with you for a month which can be extended indefinitely if we find
we are truly in love. There is just one further condition. When you are able to
walk well enough to get down to your little workshop, together we will put the
tawse through your guillotine and destroy it forever."

*****

One year later they were married.



Finis




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  obohobo


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





