BDSM Library - Dinner At Shanghai Sally's




Dinner At Shanghai Sally's
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A woman accepts a suave coworker's invitation to dinner at a very exclusive establishment, but learns too late that she is the real main course of the evening.
Dinner at Shanghai Sally's

by T W Cloth

The building stood at the edge of the river in Savannah, GA and looked like time
had long since forgotten it. Rumor had it that in a by-gone era, men would come
here to get drunk and would never be seen again. Shanghai was the word tossed
about; they were kidnapped and forced into slavery aboard a departing ship... or
worse. Whispered stories around campfires and on Halloween told of what had
happened to the owner of the establishment. But as for the missing men? Nobody
would ever know.

As is often the case during urban renewal, old buildings like this one are
purchased and restored or remodeled into something fashionable. In this case it
became Shanghai Sally's, an exclusive bistro that was by reservation only. There
never seemed to be clientele, but you could never get a reservation. Cindy
thought that odd, but when Rudy; the suave manager of her department told her he
had a reservation for two; she couldn't resist the opportunity. To go out on the
sly (the company DID have a no fraternization policy) and to such an exclusive
place. Cindy agreed to have Rudy pick her up at 7. And she promised to tell no
one. If they didn't click, no one would be the wiser.

"If we decide to continue seeing each other," Rudy explained, "we'll cross that
bridge later. No sense losing our jobs just yet."

Though the clock seemed to tick more slowly, 7 o'clock arrived and Rudy promptly
rung the doorbell. It had just gotten dark, and his Honda Civic, nice though it
was, seemed to blend into the background as it sat parked just down from her
door front. As they walked toward the car, she noticed how dashing Rudy looked
in his dark trench coat, hat and glasses. The gleam of polish on his shoes
reflected the glow of the street lights in the distance. The one nearest her
house seemed to be out again.

For his part, Rudy enjoyed the sight of Cindy as she slid into the passenger
seat of his car. The red silk dress caressed all the curves of her body and
clung just a little. The pumps that she wore accentuated the shape of her ankles
and legs. He allowed a small smile as he slowly closed the door.

The drive downtown was filled with idle chatter about work and who'd say what if
they only knew that Rudy and Cindy were out together. Cindy, being new with the
company, was a bit more apprehensive as they talked about such things. Rudy
assured her that unless she chose to say anything, no one would ever know they'd
enjoyed the evening together.

"Rudy Frye", the waitress/hostess said; "Yes sir, here's your reservation, right
this way please." she said.

They were shown to their table, and Cindy was amazed that no other customers
were there.

"We're a small establishment," the waitress assured her; "We did have two other
reservations, but one cancelled and one is a bit late. But, that means you have
my full attention; I'm Konnie, what can I bring you?"

Konnie smiled such a pleasant smile that Cindy had no reason to suspect
anything. Rudy was as cool and handsome and as interesting as she could hope.

"Can I have a Margarita?" Cindy asked.

"Make it two," Rudy added with a wink.

"Right away," Konnie replied, "I'll be back with the drinks and to take your
order in just a minute."

Cindy watched Konnie saunter away. What a knockout, she thought. Her long dark
hair was pulled back into a pony tail, her face was smooth and without blemish;
or much makeup. No waitress uniform here, she was dressed in a matching blouse
and wrap skirt outfit that was open at the midriff just a touch, not like it was
planned, but Cindy knew the best-planned outfit didn't look planned. She wore
the pump sandals that seemed to be the rage now, the ones that Cindy could never
bring herself to buy. They looked like two inch tall shower shoes, but by God
they looked good on Konnie. It must have been because of her dark tan and bright
red nails. Hands and feet no less. Plus she was so short, the two inches maybe
brought her up to 5' 3" or maybe 5' 4". But, wow was she a looker with firm
round breasts and such good skin tone. Cindy thought it odd that Rudy didn't
seem to notice her. Or maybe he was just polite.

"What looks good?" Cindy mused as she looked at the menu.

"You mean besides you?" Rudy asked with a slight grin. Cindy thought she might
blush, it was almost corny, yet when Rudy said it... it was laced with
anticipation.
Konnie arrived and placed the drinks in front of them. Blue swizzle stick for
Rudy, pink swizzle stick for Cindy; how cute.

Rudy seemed to look through her as she shifted her clingy silk a bit. She raised
her glass to his.

"To a wonderful night," he offered as they clinked glasses.

They downed their drinks as the door chimed. Apparently the late party had
arrived.

"Pardon me, I'll get your order in just a minute," Konnie said as she moved
toward the front.

At the front door stood Steve Rollins and Renee Babcock. He, like Rudy was
incredibly handsome, but not of the dark variety. He was very clean cut and
preppy; looking like a boyish tennis star in his shorts and Polo shirt. His
leather loafers were obviously expensive, and so was his taste in women. Renee
was as olive skinned as an Italian bred girl can be, with jet black hair and a
touch of a full figure. No malnourishment here, but she wore it well. She had on
a white pant-suit and olive green high-heel shoes that matched the shell she
wore beneath the white jacket.

"Drinks have already been served," Konnie said matter of factly.

"I'm sorry we're late," Renee said, "I couldn't decide what to wear."

"Don't worry your pretty head," Steve said as he motioned her toward the dining
room. Behind her, Konnie handed him something, but Renee was in no position to
see that.

Moving into the dining room, Renee saw only the one table in use. Cindy was
standing to her feet, but she seemed to be drunk or something. She clutched at
the table for balance and seemed to be trying to communicate. But her words were
a slur. As the faintest thought of danger entered her mind, Steve grabbed her
from behind and drove a needle into her shoulder. Renee struggled mightily as
she felt the fluid burn into her blood stream. She pulled free and screamed a
curse at Steve, but already she knew all was lost. The dimly lit room was
spinning. At the edge of her remaining visibility, she saw some dark guy scoop
the blonde in the red dress into his arms. Her head was laying loosely back and
the man was smiling. Then she couldn't see anything, but had the sensation of
being carried herself.

The men smiled at each other as they walked with their sleeping treasures toward
the large double doors at the back of the room. Renee and Cindy swayed gently to
the motion of the walking, heads lolled back and legs bouncing gently to the
rhythm.

"That was close," Rudy said, with a touch of chastisement in his voice.

"Hey, at least I made it; the bitch kept me waitin' for 45 minutes while she
decided which shoes to wear!"

"Well, at least she's worth it," Rudy smiled, "and at least you're here. Matt is
a no-show."

"Great, Sally ought to be pissed about that."

And they disappeared through the doors with their helpless victims. Inside,
there was a row of beds. Rudy dropped Cindy on the first; Steve did likewise
with Renee on the second.

Stepping back to enjoy their conquest, the men high-fived and low-fived each
other.

Rudy moved toward Cindy, and lifting her to a sitting position, he unzipped the
dress and let it fall off of her shoulders. She fell back onto the bed and Rudy
gently brushed his hand across the fabric of her bra and savored the feel of her
gently rising and falling breasts.

Steve gently removed the cause of his tardiness from Renee's soft feet. He
smiled as he traced his index finger over her arches. The feet alone were worth
the wait, but he wouldn't stop there. A little less gently now, he worked at
removing her pants. Panties stayed there... for now. He had his routine, Rudy
had his.

Rudy had likewise worked his way down to Cindy's pumps, and pulled them off. He
lifted her right foot to eye level, then lowered it to the bed. Moving to Renee,
he did the same.

"Damn, my friend; yours has the best feet again. How do you do it?"

"Just lucky, but yours is more petite." Steve replied.

"Yeah, but just think what we'd do for a perfect combination."

In the office, Konnie sat at her desk when a young oriental woman walked in. She
was as short as Konnie, and her jet black hair and classic oriental features
gave her a most exotic look. She was dressed in a black silk robe and high
heels. She was Sally, and the establishment was named for her. And she was
indeed less than happy.

"I can not believe it!" she screamed, "We're short again. We promise three
girls... and only deliver two!"

"We almost didn't have two," Konnie said coolly, "if I hadn't had some sedative
ready, Steve would have blown it."

"You do a wonderful job," Sally said softly, her anger abating. "It's good to
have someone of your capabilities on hand when something goes wrong."

Sally turned to leave the room and gently patted Konnie on the shoulder.

"Yes, it's good to have you here, you're an invaluable asset."

"Thank you," Konnie said as she returned to her work.

Steve and Rudy had disrobed Renee and Cindy, down to their bras and panties.
Each girl wore color co-originated to match their outfits. Planning for a night
of wild activity, but not planning for what they had walked into.

Rudy pulled out a coil of cotton clothesline and began to tie Cindy's ankles
together.

"Man, you know she'll be out for hours, why do you bother with that shit?" Steve
taunted him.

"It's what I like best; besides the money that is," Rudy answered, "You do what
you want and I'll do what I want."

"Don't worry, I'm doin' what I like," Steve said as he pulled the panties down
and off of Renee's succulent feet.

"Time to load the cargo boys," came Konnie's voice over the intercom.

"Be there in just a minute," Rudy called out and lifted the now bound Cindy from
the bed.

"I'm right behind you, partner," Steve said as Rudy left the room via aback
door.
Having maneuvered Cindy through a long and winding labyrinth beneath the
restaurant, Rudy stood inside a obscure boat-house that hid a yacht from view of
the public. The boat rocked gently as he carried his unconscious victim
on-board. He laid her onto a large bed below the deck, and stood admiring her
near naked beauty for the final time.

"Where's Steve?" Konnie demanded, "I'm tired of his always being late."

"Steve will be along shortly, then we'll go get our pay and all will be well,"
Rudy said smoothly.

Sally made her way down the passageway to the boat. The ship's captain smiled at
her.

"Miss Sally, it is always good to see you again," he said as he took her soft,
dainty hand.

"I always look forward to our business as well, captain; you have the money?"
"Yes, $25,000 each; $75,000 total, as promised."

"Guess again, Captain," Konnie spoke up, "We only got two girls again, our boy
Matt blew it this time."

"Is this true?" the captain asked Sally.

"No," she said with a sly smile, "Two are here and Steve's bringing the third."

Realizing the meaning of Sally's words sent Konnie bolting for the gangplank,
Sally motioned Rudy after her.

"Double payday for you," Sally said.

Konnie had never suspected she'd be turned on. She'd been working with Sally for
over two years, they must have shanghaied fifty women in that time. Now she had
to get to the front before Rudy caught her. She could only hope that Steve
wasn't in on this, he could be hiding anywhere and she didn't have time to sneak
along.

The skirt wasn't meant for running and those damn flopping shoes didn't help,
but with all the old boards and rusty nails down here she didn't dare run
barefooted. She could only pray that Rudy couldn't run too well in those slick
dress shoes he liked to wear. She could only pray that she wouldn't stumble. She
could only pray that she wouldn't become the prey. All three prayers would be
unanswered.

Actually it wasn't the shoes that got her, but a pipe that she forgot about. In
the dimness, she couldn't see it well enough to duck all the way in time. Her
forehead banged off it and she slumped against the wall. Shaking her head to
clear the cobwebs she tried to move ahead, but everything was spinning. Then he
was upon her. The cloth was pressed against her nose and mouth and she felt the
hardness in Rudy's crotch as he held her against himself, lifting her inches off
her feet as she flailed weakly. She knew the smell of chloroform; she'd used it
on a few occasions. She knew all was lost, and the fight faded quickly from her.
Rudy held the rag in place for another few seconds to make sure she breathed
enough in, then he looked at her laying in the damp dimly lit tunnel. One of her
shoes had fallen off during her brief, futile struggle. Rudy removed the other,
and looking at the slender foot he held in his hand, he smiled.

"By God, we've got the petite and the feet. Won't Steve be surprised?"

And he scooped her into his arms and slowly made his way back to the boat.
"Wow, what have we here?" Steve said as he joined up with Rudy. Steve carried
the still sleeping Renee over his shoulder, but with her panties re-applied. He
had emerged from an adjoining tunnel, and stood slack-jawed, watching Rudy carry
Konnie.

"Our third to fill the order. I guess she became expendable. I would have liked
to work her over, if I had known in time. Check out the feet, and she's so cute
and tiny; hell, I wouldn't mind buying this one myself." Rudy explained.

"You know Sally won't go along with that. Let's get this over with."
Emerging at the boat, Sally stood smiling as the men carried their captives onto
the boat.

"Good work Rudy. Konnie will be hard to replace, but I can perform her duties in
management, and I'll try to hire us a real waitress," Sally explained.

As the two women were laid on the bed beside Cindy, Rudy reached down and untied
Konnie's wrap skirt. Gently he pulled it away from her prone form. He thought he
heard Steve's rush of breath at the site of her bare
feet, legs, and panties. He wasn't sure as his heart was pounding in his chest.
He'd fanaticized about Konnie since day one. He would have liked more time to
savor her body, but he'd cherish what he had.

Lifting her to a sitting position, he pulled the blouse over her head, her limp
arms falling to her side. He let her down into a laying position, and kissed he
gently on the lips.

"Goodbye, woman of my dreams. I trust your new owner will treat you as nicely as
I would have."

Sally, Rudy and Steve turned to leave, the captain pulled his gaze from the
women and licked his lips. Three sweet ones, each with attributes he liked; each
his for the journey. They might have to take the long way home.
The girls slept on, oblivious to the fate in store for them; unaware that their
lives would never be the same. Sleeping beauties awaiting the kiss of their
prince; be he charming or not.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T W Cloth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





