BDSM Library - Just Deserts




Just Deserts
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A corperal punishment advocate finds herself caught in the system.
                                 Just Desserts
                       By Grandof

I was absolutely in favor, no doubt about it.  The roughens could lump it as far
as I was concerned. I cheered to see those arrogant, obnoxious boys, naked as
Jaybirds, getting their just desserts. A year later it was extended to include
adults as well and I would have second thoughts.

In the pavilion a rope would be hung from one of the heavy roof beams. When a
strapping young fellow's wrists were secured to it and drawn overhead, there was
little even the strongest lad could do. You could stand a few feet from a
kicking, twisting boy and watch his buttocks jump with each blow.  How they
would moan and wail. I have noticed, with some amusement, that their big ugly
things never stick up on these occasions. 

"Serves them right." I would say.

In fact, I turned in my seventeen-year-old son for vandalism that year. Of
course, I did not enjoy seeing the paddle used on Davy's bare buttocks and
thighs. However, at the time, I thought it did him a world of good even though
he suffered terribly.

That was the year I got into politics.  It's a dirty business, politics. 
Somehow I was talked into accusing the lead candidate of sexual harassment. 
Well, it seemed safe enough.

"Who do you think they will believe?" I asked my husband.  "I am, after all, an
upstanding wife and mother."  It didn't bother me when he suggested that I might
face charges. I wasn't worried. 

However, this judge turned out to be a real bastard, an animal with the mind of
a flea and I told him so.  God! I guess I got his goat because right there, he
sentenced me to forty.

I was dumfounded; I simply could not believe it.  Women were never paddled; it
just was not done.  It was generally felt  that with a female, one must consider
her more delicate sensibilities which would preclude such humiliation.

I apologized of course and petitioned for reprieve; and, in any honest court,
that would have been the end of it but this judge was immovable. I would be the
first woman to present my buttocks to the paddle.
 
When my time came, I was led into the pavilion, with nothing to cover my
nakedness but one of those little punishment gowns.  I felt such terrible shame
when it was allowed to slide to the floor leaving me totally naked.  I wished at
that moment that my breasts were not so large or that I was not so prominently
endowed with masses of dark brown pubic hair.  It only causes males to gawk and
salivate.  God! It was so degrading.

They were obliged to pull my legs open in order to lock my ankles to the
eyebolts in the floor. So the womanhood that I have so resolutely guarded all
these years was exposed to prying eyes.  I followed the rope up until I could
barely stand on tiptoes then I looked about. 

Damn!  There was that young tennis pro from the club.  Double Damn!  My son was
there. How could they have let him in? Davy had never seen me naked, let alone
displayed like this, like some slut. What must he think?

What if he gets a... you know... a big old hardie watching me?  I would die; I
would just die!  A blush started just below my eyes and I could feel it spread
downward over my entire body.  How could they?

Now I certainly knew I was going to have to control myself and make as little
show as possible. I was resolved to do so when a large man approached me with
the paddle.  All at once, I was so scared my legs were trembling.  Right then I
realized I had to go to the bathroom in the very worst way.  I told him that I
had to go but he wouldn't listen.  No one would listen.

The next moment the paddle struck my naked behind.  I had thought that I would
be numb by now but I felt it all right. I couldn't believe it was so awful!  I
know I did a shameful little dance for that bastard. Oh, God! It hurt me so bad. 
I tried desperately to remember my Yoga and took several deep breaths.  Then I
felt the fire. Oh, the Fire!  I had been struck again. I was melting; I couldn't
think; my world was spinning.

"Oh merciful God in heaven!" I screeched. How could anything hurt so much?  How
could I take even one more like that on my poor bottom, let alone forty? 

I heard the "Whap" of the paddle on my flesh and for a blessed moment I didn't
feel anything.  Then I couldn't hold still for screaming.

"My bottom!  Oh, please! God! My bottom!  It hurts my bottom!"  I knew I was
making a perfect fool of myself.  I was throwing my upper body around in all
directions.  I know some lewd bastards were getting off watching my breasts
bounce, as I flung myself about; but that damn paddle was like a living thing
going at my backside. 

"Please God! If only I could just keep quiet," I told myself; but I couldn't. 

"Davy, don't look!  Oh, don't look ... " I cried.  I knew he would though.  He
has always tried to get a peek at me, ever since he turned twelve. Well he would
get a good look today.

My thoughts were ended by a blow that cut me like a knife.  I screamed until I
had no air to scream with.  I felt as though I were drowning.  I could no longer
support my weight. I slumped and hung with my knees apart. I could hardly make a
sound; I was sinking into a dark canyon of pain. 

When I came to, I was still hanging naked from the rope. I felt all over cold as
though I were in a refrigerator. Notwithstanding that I was covered in sweat, I
came all over goose flesh. I had wet myself.  How humiliating but at least it
was over.

Then I saw the man with the heavy wooden paddle.

"Oh, no! God no! Merciful heavens, no!"  I began to cry like a baby.

"Twenty more to go, young madam," I believe he had a twinkle in his evil eyes. 
Now I begged with all my heart.  I lay my soul as bare as my body. I tried
desperately to bargain. I would be good.  I would do anything he wanted if only
he wouldn't paddle my bottom but he only made sport of me.

"What's that your say, young Madam?  I can't quite hear you."  All the while I
shouted out shameful offers as he slowly and patiently dealt me twenty more gut
wrenching strokes. 

Oh, did the saucy little tart dance and show herself?  The tennis pro saw my
heavy boobs bounce and laughed; my own son looked into the very eye of the
"Creature," that tangled horror between my legs; and everyone watched my bottom
jump and knew me for the nasty little slut I am.  The paddle conquered me.  It
reduced me, a grown woman, to a squealing ten-year-old girl.

Even though it's been some time since "The Incident," as it is referred to
around our house, I still have trouble looking anyone in the face.  I have a
terrible fear that I might someday have to revisit that pavilion.  Some of the
shameful things I confessed while I was being paddled could well send me back
there. I don't know. I'm so ashamed.

Grandof




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Grandof


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





