BDSM Library - Shotgun Wedding




Shotgun Wedding
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Lovely college student Lydia is kidnapped by her sister, and forced to submit to the perverse and polygamous desires of her sister's Dominant master.
*************************
Shotgun Wedding
*************************

Lydia Dunn's heart sank. Just as she was coming back to her dorm, she noticed
Danielle's car out front. What did SHE want, thought the attractive young
student. Lydia had never gotten along well with her older sister, ever since
they were kids.

"Lyd!" called out Danielle, poking her head through the driver's side window.
Lydia dutifully trudged to her sister's car. "What's up?" she asked.

"We need to talk about Mom's birthday present, remember? You agreed to go in
with me." Danielle, three years older and slightly larger -- especially in the
chest, to Lydia's chagrin -- seemed in a surprisingly upbeat mood, and Lydia
relaxed. "Oh, right," she said. "Come on in, we can talk in my room."

A frown crossed Danielle's face. "No, I can't. I'm in a rush. Hop in, and we'll
talk in the car. In fact, I've already bought something, I just need your
approval." Typical! thought Lydia, what a manipulating bitch Danielle can be.
Suppressing her annoyance, Lydia walked around to the passenger door and got in.

With Lydia in the car, Danielle held up an atomizer. "It's a great new perfume.
Take a whiff, and tell me what you think." Danielle gave a squeeze on the rubber
bulb, and a misty fog surrounded Lydia's head. She inhaled the perfume, and
suddenly felt nauseous and weak . . .

* * * *

Lydia awoke in a dungeon. That was the only way she could think of it. She was
naked, stretched out on a frame or rack of some kind, her weight resting on some
kind of padded narrow bench, but with her wrists and ankles held firmly by
cuffs, pulling her body taut. The room was of indeterminate size, one wall of
cinderblock visible, but some views hidden by thick velvet curtains.

"Hello, Lydia," said a deep resonant voice. Turning her head, Lydia saw a man
standing a short distance away. He was tall and good looking, 6'4" and about 200
pounds; his shaved head made him seem both intelligent and menacing, and his
eyebrows indicated that his hair would have been blond, if allowed to grow. He
was dressed in a maroon velvet robe, and the color suited him; Lydia judged him
to be in his mid-forties.

"What is this? What are you doing to me?" cried the young student, struggling
vainly in her bonds to hide her nakedness from the strange man. "Let me go! Let
me go this instant!"

"Oh, but you just got here. It wouldn't be polite to leave so soon; I might get
the idea that you don't like me. And we haven't even been properly introduced.
My name is Dom, Dom Neely. And you are Lydia."

Lydia screamed at the top of her lungs, a penetrating wail. "HEEEEELPP!
HEEELLPP! Somebody HEEELLPP!" Dom gave an annoyed flinch at her scream, and
sighed.

"I do find that rather disturbing, Lydia. As a guest in my house, I hope you
understand that I must enforce my own household rules. And I'm afraid that I
will have to insist that you do not speak unless I allow it. We wouldn't want
the neighbors to complain, would we?"

"HEEELLP! HEEEEEEELLP!!" screamed Lydia, hoping on hope that the neighbors would
hear, and would call the police. In a flash, Dom was at her side, and as she
scremed for help, he stuffed a thick rubber ball in her mouth, blocking off the
scream in mid-wail. "lllpppp!!!" was the only sound from Lydia's throat, and
even that was swallowed up in the velvet curtains. Dom buckled a strap behind
Lydia's head, underneath her long brown hair, holding the gag firmly in place.

"That's much better now, isn't it?" said Dom, stepping back to her side. He
reached out and touched her beautiful face, and she pulled away from his touch.
His hand moved languidly downward, caressing her neck, to her collarbone. Lydia
squirmed, upset that the had of what was clearly a rapist would be so gentle.
And his hand continued lower, to Lydia's helplessly exposed breasts.

"You're very beautiful, Lydia," said Dom. "Danielle didn't do you justice. Your
tits are exquisite," he said, as his hand reached the skin of her left breast.
"Not large, but perfectly shaped, a young girl's tits, a virgin's tits. That
arouses me. Your nipples are perfect, just like Danielle's. Someday, perhaps I
will see them properly adorned. And I love that you have kept your figure so
slim; I like the feel of your ribs and your belly. But most of all, Lydia, I
like this," he said, as his hand reached the top of her pubic mound. "Such soft
brown hair, and I'm sure such a sweet, tight pussy. I lust for your cunt, Lydia.
I want it. I want to fuck you, Lydia. Just like I fucked your sister."

On the rack, as Lydia lay bound and naked for her rapist's inspection, tears
formed in her eyes as she was forced to accept Dom's caresses on the most
intimate parts of her body. Why? Why had Dani betrayed her to this monster? Did
her sister hate her that much?

"But lucky for you," said Dom, "I am a very moral man. I never fuck any cunt I'm
not married to. Your sister Danielle gave herself to me in a marriage ceremony
just last week, and since I have no scruples against polygamy, I was hoping you
might join her. I love the idea of fucking two sisters at once. Or even three.
Now I know that in your current situation, you're in no position to think of
marriage, but after all, we've just met. So here's my thought: let's spend some
time together, and get to know one another better. If things work out, fine, and
if not, well, we can just chalk it up to experience. What do you say?"

Lydia was aghast at Dom's idea. She shook her head violently, and screamed into
the gag. "NNN!! NNNWWWWW!! LLLLMMMMGG!!!" Dom smiled down at her. "I'm having a
little bit of trouble understanding your words, Lydia, but I'll take that as an
acceptance of my offer. So what do you say that we start out with a date? I hope
you like the movies."

Dom moved to one side and pulled down on a long fabric bell pull. Shortly
afterward, Danielle came into the room. Dom said, "Danielle, your sister and I
have agreed to start seeing each other. Please prepare Lydia for her first date
with me. We will be going to the movies."

As Danielle came into Lydia's view, the young student was shocked by what her
older sister was wearing -- or rather, wasn't wearing. Danielle's only clothing
was a leather harness, narrow straps crossing just under her bare breasts, more
straps around the tops of her thighs and around her neck. Danielle's pussy was
not only bare, it had been shorn of its pubic hair, leaving her cunt totally
open to Dom's lustful gaze. Most surprising of all, Lydia saw that Danielle's
nipples bore two gold rings, passing neatly through tiny holes in her womanly
flesh. The effect was shockkngly vulgar, and daringly erotic. Danielle looked
like a sex slave, and that is exactly what she had become.

Danielle released Lydia's ankles from their restraints, and Lydia sighed in
relief. Moving to her wrists, Danielle loosened the bonds, but did not remove
them. Instead, she pushed Lydia's body up to a sitting position, pulling her
sister's wrists behind her back at the same time, handcuffing them in place.

With her wrists safely cuffed in back, Danielle helped Lydia down from the
bench, and walked her a short distance to a curtain, which she pulled back to
reveal an odd-looking chair with a footrest. Danielle sat Lydia in the chair,
and passed a seat belt around her hips. Then her calves and feet were strapped
to the footrests. Leaning back, Lydia realized that the chair was almost
backless, except for a support at the top for her shoulders; it was almost as if
it had been designed for someone with their wrists cuffed behind them.

Dom entered her vision again, and placed a more conventional chair in front of
Lydia, drawing it up to sit facing her, with Danielle keeling at his feet. "My
goodness, Lydia, you do look sexy tonight. I love the way you dress for me, and
I'm glad your not shy about showing me your sexy body when we're out together.
It makes me even hornier to fuck you, Lydia, when you dress like that. Well
anyway, on to the show. Tonight's movie is 'My Big Fat Slave Wedding,' with two
stars you may recognize: me, and your own sister Danielle. Now I've seen the
move before, so instead of paying real close attention to the screen, I'd much
rather pay real close attention to my date, which is you, Lydia."

Dom's hand had a remote control of some kind, and with a press of a button,
Lydia's chair began rising up, about two feet, until her knees were at the
height of Dom's chest. Another press of the remote, and the footrest holding
Lydia's feet and calves began to move apart. Lydia's eyes widened in panic as
she realized that Dom was forcing her legs wide open, and that he would get an
unrestricted view right up her pussy. Frantically she tried to close her thighs,
but it was no use; she moaned in shameas Dom grinned at her lewd display.

Another flick of the remote, and a curtain rose in front of her to reveal a
movie screen. Somewhere a video projector came to life, and Lydia's eyes widened
at the scene in front of her. There was a close shot of her own sister Danielle,
in what seemed to be a church, wearing a white wedding dress, bent over the
altar, her legs wide, the dress pulled up in back, being fucked by Dom. Danielle
had seen pornography before, occasional "dirty pictures" she had run across on
the net, but nothing like this: full color and full motion, with her own
sister's cunt -- a near-perfect match for her own -- being forced wide open by
the hard raping cock of the man who now held her captive, and wished to do the
same to her.

As she watched, the front of her seat cushion fell away, leaving her sitting on
a narrow shelf. With her legs wide open, Dom pulled his chair closer to Lydia's
gaping pussy, running his fingers up the insides of her helplessly open thighs.
"I don't know about you," he said, "but I like to neck at the movies. It makes
for a much more intimate date, don't you think?"

Dom's fingers reached Lydia's exposed pussy, and she gasped as she felt his hand
on her soft downy pubic hair. "This is so nice and soft," he said, "I'm almost
persuaded to let you keep it. Almost." He dropped his fingers lower, caressing
her labia, and Lydia squirmed at the touch. She had only let a few boyfriends
touch her there in her whole life, and she could not understand why her rapist's
fingers should feel so good. On the screen, her eyes were filled by a close-up
shot of her sister's cunt being fucked by Dom's cock, which was very thick. His
fingers moved to her clit, and Lydia began to cry sofftly in embarrassment; her
rapist was making her horny, and there was absolutely nothing she could do about
it!

But Dom was getting horny too, and a man of his tastes does not have to wait.
"Danielle," he said to the older sister, still at his feet, "you may begin."
Lydia's eyes went wide as her sister opened Dom's velvet robe, revealing his
large cock underneath in full erection. Danielle wet her lips, and licked his
shaft all over. When it was fully wet, she opened her mouth wide, and plunged
her head down, engulfing his large member with a single thrust, all the way
down, until her lips rested against his balls. Lydia was in shock. She had never
realized that a woman could do such a thing to a man, but clearly Danielle loved
it; the look in her eyes was one of pure lust.

On screen, the other Danielle was on her back now, naked, with her legs pulled
wide to her ringed nipples, and another man was fucking her while a third had
his cock in her mouth. The camera zoomed to a wide shot, showing a church filled
with partially dressed people, men and women, nearly all of whom were engaging
in sexual activity of some kind. Dom's fingers were working on Lydia's pussy,
and his lips were kissing the inside of her thighs; she had never been kissed
there before, and the erotic feeling was driving her wild. The real Danielle's
head worked rapidly up and down on Dom's cock, as the screen Danielle was being
raped by a room full of strangers.

Suddenly, it was all too much for Lydia's confused mind to bear. She did not
know whether it was Dom's fingers or his lips, or the real Danielle or the
Danielle on screen, but something snapped in Lydia's brain, and a huge, crashing
orgasm burst forth, the most intense she had ever experienced in her young life.
Screaming into her gag and bucking against the straps that held her, Lydia came,
and Dom's fingers felt the wetness of her cunt increase as she was unable to
prevent her rapist from forcing her to orgasm.

Lydia was mortified at her inability to control herself, ashamed that her rapist
could play her so easily. Dom smiled at the wetness on his fingers, and lifted
them to his mouth to suck them clean. He pulled Danielle off his cock, then
flicked the remote, and the movie stopped. Another flick, and Lydia's chair
began tipping backward, leaving her body horizontal and allowing head to fall
backward.  "Well, Lydia," he said, "you certainly seemed to enjoy yourself at
the movie. I'm glad, because it is customary, after an enjoyable date, to give
your boyfriend a good night kiss." Dom moved above Lydia's face, and opened his
robe. His cock was rock hard from the eager face fucking of Danielle, and he
pushed the head of his cock against Lydia's gagged lips. "How about it, Lydia?
Would you like to give your boyfriend a nice, long, good night kiss, to thank
him for an enjoyable date?"

Lying with her head almost upside down, Lydia still managed to shake her head
away from Dom's cock, registering as definite a NO as she could. "Aww, you're
shy. That's sweet. Danielle, is there anything you can do to convince your
sister that it's really all right to kiss on the first date?"

Danielle stood up and from somewhere retrieved a long, multi-tailed whip. "You
really are a goody-two shoes bitch, aren't you, Lydia?" asked the older sister.
"I've been wanting to do this for a long time, and you've just given me my
chance. Just let me know when you change your mind. But I hope you don't change
it for a long, long time!"

With that, Danielle brought the whip down sharply on the iside of Lydia's open
right thigh. The younger sister howled in pain through the gag, every muscle on
her body tense. The next blow came on the inside of her left thigh, as Lydia lay
naked and exposed, bound with her thighs open and vulnerable to twenty years of
pent-up jealousy that Danielle now let out through the biting ends of the whip.

The second blow on her right thigh was even worse, hitting some of the same
areas that were already tender from the first blow. Her left thigh soon felt its
own agony of a second blow, and as Lydia writhed in pain from her sister's hand,
she momentarily thought that she might as well get it over with quickly, and do
what her evil rapist demanded of her. But the thought of becoming like Danielle,
of lowering her mouth to Dom's throbbing cock like she did, seemed unimaginable
to her. She could not.

The next blow landed on Lydia's exposed left tit, and she wailed through her
gag. Her nipple was on fire, having gotten a direct hit from one of the wicked
lashes. Her right breast was next, and as the pain seared through her brain, at
last Lydia realized that she would do ANYTHING to stop her sister's viscious
beating. Lydia knew that she was defeated. She looked up at Dom's eyes, and
nodded her acquiescence.

Dom looked down at her and smiled. "Are you trying to say something, Lydia?
You'll have to speak up, I didn't quite catch that." Lydia nodded more
vigorously as Danielle said, "She always was a quiet one. Maybe you'd better ask
your question again, while I try and find out just how sincere she really is."

"Very well, then," said Dom. "Lydia, would you like to give me a nice, long good
night kiss after our date?" But before Lydia could respond, Danielle's whip came
down one last time, her hardest blow yet, right on top of Lydia's open and fully
exposed young cunt.

The effect was instantaneous and electric. Every muscle in Lydia's body went
solidly rigid in agony; the veins and tendons standing out prominently from her
neck, and a long, solid wail of excruciating pain was too strong for the gag to
muffle effectively. Lydia remained that way, screaming and locked in agony, for
long seconds, even her breathing not enough to ease her pain.

Dom removed the gag from her mouth, but only crying issued from her lips. "I do
believe you've changed you mind," he said, putting the head of his erection to
her open lips. "And I do hope you don't change it again, since it would
certainly displease your sister. And you wouldn't want that, would you?" With
that, Dom pushed his thick erection, still wet with Danielle's saliva, past
Lydia's teeth and into her open mouth.

Lydia was in shock from the pain of Danielle's viscious blow, and she didn't
care any more. The whipping had stopped, and that was all she cared about. She
opened her mouth and allowed Dom to do what he wanted with her. She was
defeated. His cock probed deep into her mouth and she gagged, but Dom didn't
seem to care; he pumped in and out of her mouth at his own pace, Lydia gagging
with each inward stroke, and breathing with each outward stroke. This was not
oral sex in any conventional sense, this was throat rape, pure and simple. Dom
was taking his pleasure with Lydia's mouth, and Lydia had no say in the matter.

Dom had already been thoroughly aroused by Danielle's deep throating, and by
seeing Lydia whipped so well, so it was not long before he felt his hard cock
swell and pulse, spurting his hot seed deep into Lydia's open throat. Lydia
gagged again, and fought to keep breathing, but her mouth filled with his seed
and she had no choice but to swallow. Lydia, the good little college student,
had been turned into a cum drinking cockslut.

Dom withdrew his cock, and pressed the remote; Lydia found herself tipping
upright again. "I think that was a very successful first date, Lydia," he said.
"Time for you to go to bed, and we'll continue again tomorrow. Danielle, chain
your sister to the floor for tonight, then join me in my bedchamber."

* * * *

Lydia woke up with a start from a bad dream. Then she looked at her surroundings
and began to cry. The dream was real! She was being held captive in a dungeon by
her sister Danielle and her brutal rapist husband Dom. She was still chained to
the floor, right where Danielle had left her the night before.

"Have a good night's sleep, Lydia?" asked Dom, entering her line of view. "I
hope so, because I have something very important to ask you today." He
unshackled Lydia from the floor rings and cuffed her wrists behind her back, in
an all-too-familiar position. Lydia's mouth was still gagged from the night
before.

Dom took Lydia to a wooden device, like a short, low wall rising from the floor.
"Kneel," he commanded, pushing the backs of her knees with a foot to enforce his
order. Lydia knelt in front of the wall, its top coming just under Lydia's small
breasts. Then he pulled straps around her thighs, waist, hips, and chest,
forcing the beautiful young student so tightly against the wall that she could
hardly breathe.

"Such perfect little nipples you have, my dear," said Dom, caressing Lydia's
nubbins with his fingers. "I like the way they get so firmly erect when you are
aroused. Like right now, for instance. Your nipples prove to me, more than any
words ever could, how much you enjoy all this attention you've been getting. I
can tell you like me, and you liked our date, and I can tell from the hardness
in your nipples that you're just dying to fuck me. But sadly, I never fuck
anyone I'm not married to. So let me ask you, Lydia -- even though we've only
had one date, will you marry me?"

Lydia's eyes went wide in disbelief. Marry this guy? Who is he kidding? She
shook her head violently, and mumbled into the gag. "What's that you say? I'm
having trouble understanding your words tonight. But I hope that's a 'yes'. Oh,
I forgot one thing: my engagement rings. I have two, and I'd like you to wear
them. Not on your fingers, though, since I think our engagement should be secret
for the time being. No, I think you should wear my engagement rings in your
nipples, where only I can see them."

Lydia's head shook violently, and Dom fingered her nipples again. "Oh, dear, it
looks like your nipples aren't pierced. Tsk, tsk. Well, we can fix that in a
jiffy!" Lydia's screaming rose in her gag. "NNNNN! NNNNN!!! NNNNTTHHHTTTTT!!
PPLLLLLSSS!"

Dom caressed Lydia's nipples again, bringing them to full erection. Then he
produced two small square sticks and placed them vertically at the base of her
left nipple clamping it tight. Lydia screamed into her gag as her nipple was
pinched, its tip turning bright purple where it poked out between the sticks.
Dom fastened two strong rubber bands around the sticks, trapping the nipple.
Then he did the same with her right nipple.

Next, he placed a small rectangular frame upright on top of the wooden wall,
just beyond Lydia's trapped nipples. At the top of the frame, two thick, sharp
needles of surgical steel pointed downwards, held by a mechanism. "This is an
interesting little device," said Dom. "Take a look." At the bottom of the frame,
he placed two grapes, one under each of the needles. Then, pulling a cable on
the left side of the frame, the left-hand needle dropped suddenly and forcefully
through the center of the grape and into a cork pad beneath. A similar pull on
the right side of the frame, and the right-hand needle plunged sickeningly into
the other grape.

Dom raised the needles back to the top and removed the shattered remnants of the
grapes. Then he moved the frame forward, lifting Lydia's small tits, and
twisting her nipple clamps a quarter-turn, causing Lydia to yelp into her gag.
The clamping sticks, now horizontal, he fixed into the base of the little
guillotine. Lydia was in a panic; her nipples were now resting on the little
cork pads, directly in the path of the needles!

Dom moved behind her, and did something she could not see. Then she felt her
wrists being uncuffed, and Dom pulled her arms horizonally away from her body.
Lydia's arms had been behind her back for so long, that she moaned in painful
relief as she stretched. "Hold this," said Dom, and Lydia felt something heavy
being placed in her right hand. A moment later, an equally heavy object was in
her left hand. Looking, Lydia saw a metal ball, like a shot put, in each hand;
and, attached to each, was a cable ran up to a pulley, and from there to the
latches that would release the needles into her clamped and distended nipples.

"Now I'm not a total brute," said Dom. "I believe that you should have a choice
whether you want your nipples pierced or not. So if you want your nipples
pierced, Lydia, if you want to wear my engagement rings, just let go of the
balls, and you will get your wish immediately. I will take that as a sign that
you wish to marry me, that you want to feel my hard cock deep inside your
virginal pussy. On the other hand, if you don't want your nipples pierced, if
you don't want my cock inside your slutty little cunt, just hold on to the
balls, and nothing will happen. Since this is an important decision, one that
will change you forever, I'm going to give you some time to make up your mind.
Say, an hour. Take your time, sweetheart. I'll wait."

In panic, Lydia's eyes flitted from her left hand to her right; the cables
attached to the balls were short, preventing her from lowering her hands or
bringing them close to her body. She would have to hold the heavy metal shots
nearly straight out from her body to avoid piercing her sensitive nipples with
the cruel needles. For an hour! Sweat broke out on Lydia's brow. She was not
sure she could last that long. Her hands began to sweat too, and she began to
fear that her grip would not hold. Across the room, Dom was stroking his large
erection, his eyes bright with glee at Lydia's predicament.

In only a few minutes, Lydia's arms began to tremble with the effort. Tears
began to run down her cheeks. Dom pulled the bell pull, and shortly after
Danielle entered the room, dress in the leather harness as before. "Suck me,
slave," said Dom, "but don't let me cum unless your sister decides to pierce her
nipples."

"Yes, Master," said Danielle, dropping to her knees before him. She went to work
eagerly on his cock, her eyes glancing frequently to Lydia, gleeful at her
predicament, and remembering her own date with the nipple-piercing guillotine
not so long ago. Now Lydia would get what's coming to her! She worked her head
forcefully on her Master's cock, knowing that he liked it like that.

Kneeling before the guillotine, the tremble in Lydia's arms became a full-fleged
shake. It was no use, she realized; it had been less than ten minutes, and
already she was at the end of her strength. The heavy shots dropped lower,
taking all slack out of the cables, and Lydia screamed into her gag with the
effort of keeping the weight off the cables, of keeping her precious, sensitive
nipples intact. Dom smiled eagerly at her failing efforts, and Danielle
redoubled her efforts on his cock, sensing that her sister was about to see the
last moments of her nipples intact.

Lydia's left hand, weaker than her right, gave way first. Her hands were
slippery with her own sweat and shaking uncontrollably with fatigue, and the
heavy shot slipped from her grasp and plunged downward, giving the cable a hard
pull. The needle above Lydia's trapped left breast plunged downward, right in
front of Lydia's horrified eyes. The razor-sharp tip of the needle sliced firmly
through Lydia's left nipple, and into the cork beneath. Lydia screamed in pain,
writhing in agony more intense than anything she had ever felt. The straps
holding her body to the wall tensed with her stuggling, but held her firmly. A
drop of blood surrounded the hole that the needle had punched in her tender
flesh.

"YES!" said Dom, and Danielle snaked a finger into his rectum, touching his
prostate, to bring on his orgasm at the exact moment her sister's nipple was
sliced by the wicked machine. A moment later, Lydia's right hand gave way too,
the ball fell, and the second razor-sharp needle dropped with ferocious force
into her helplessly trapped right nipple. Screaming in horror, Lydia saw both of
her nipples pierced by the steel needles, pinning them helplessly to the cork
below. Even through her gag, her screams were loud. Dom's hot sperm spurted from
his cock into Danielle's hungry mouth. "YES!" he said again, both at his own
orgasm and at Lydia's self-inflicted nipple torture. Danielle swallowed his cum
eagerly, a well-trained sex slave.

When Dom was finished cumming in Danielle's throat, he pulled his cock from her
mouth and went to where Lydia knelt, weeping in pain and shock from the piercing
of her nipples. "I'm so glad you said yes, darling," said Dom. He pulled the
needles from the cork and twisted them back horizontally, slipping a gold ring
through each hole as the needle was removed.

Dom caressed Lydia's shapely round ass as he spoke. "Since we're now officially
engaged, I think it's only natural that you would want to 'put out' for me, as a
sign of your love. Naturally I don't want to take your virginity until after our
wedding, but Im sure you would be happy to give me your tight little anus as an
engagement present, just to keep me interested until the wedding day." His
fingers found Lydia's asscrack, reaching the bottom; Lydia squealed at the
violation.

With a nod to Danielle, Dom unstrapped Lydia from the wall, and led her between
two posts. He forced her to kneel again, and shackled her wrists high on the
posts, forcing Lydia's newly-ringed nipples to thrust out invitingly. Dom and
Danielle each took one of her knees, pulling them back behind her and wide
apart, tying them there, which left Lydia's naked body angling slightly forward.
Danielle slid a wedge-shaped pillow between Lydia's open thighs, and lay down in
front of her bound sister, with her head on the pillow, her face just inches
away from Lydia's open pussy.

Lydia gasped at the thought of what her sister was about to do, but before she
could prepare for it, she felt Dom's finger, slick with vaseline, running into
the crack of her ass. Lydia struggled against the invasion from behind, but
there was nothing she could do to prevent Dom's finger from touching her tight,
tiny rosehole. She squealed into her gag at the touch, the first time she had
ever been touched there; but Dom's finger was implacable, pressing at the tiny
pink orifice, pressing, pressing harder, until at last Lydia could feel her anus
betray her and widen to accomodate the slickened finger of her rapist.

Dom pushed his finger in deeply, swirling it inside the back passage of the
young student, spreading the lubrication deep inside her unused rectum. He
suspected, from her reaction, that Lydia was an anal virgin; so much the better
if she is, he thought. At last, satisfied that Lydia's anus was thoroughly
lubricated for her coming anal rape, he withdrew his finger, squeezed his cock
until it was hard again, and placed the head of his thick member against Lydia's
tight, pink, slippery anus. He could feel her shudder at the touch as she
comprehended what must be touching her, and realized what was about to happen to
her.

"Begin, Danielle," said Dom, and Danielle raised her face to her sister's open
cunt, snaked out her tongue, and touched her own sister's tiny clitoris with a
kiss less sisterly and more depraved than anything Lydia had ever felt in her
life. At the same moment, Dom pushed his rock-hard erection against Lydia's
tighly closed rear entrance, pushing hard. He leaned forward, grabbing her tits
with his fingers, playing with her nipple rings.

Then he put his lips to Lydia's ear. "You're being tongue-fucked by your own
sister, Lydia. And it's going to continue until I cum in your tight little ass.
If you want her to quit, you're going to have to open your ass to me, Lydia. So
how about it, Lydia -- do you want to cum from being pussy-licked by your own
sister? Do you? I want you to cum, Lydia. I want your pliable young mind to
associate anal rape and sexual arousal, whether you want to or not, because I
intend to use your anus for my pleasure frequently, and I want you to submit to
me eagerly when I do. Now open your ass to my cock, Lydia. Open it."

Mortified by the sexual arousal building in her loins, confused by her own
desire as her sister's mouth worked relentlessly on her pussy, Lydia did not
know what she should do. She could feel Dom's cock at the entrance to her ass;
and as her arousal built, she found she did not have the will to resist any
longer. Lydia gave in to her rapist's demands. She felt Dom's thick cock
pressing, and she stopped pressing back; she yielded her backside to him,
opening her anus for his rape, for his cock, for his pleasure; and as she felt
his cockhead entering her, stetching her tight unused anus for the first time,
she screamed in pain, and in pleasure from the orgasm her own sister was forcing
her to endure. Lydia was being ass-raped by Dom's thick hard cock, and her own
sister was forcing her to enjoy it.

Dom pounded into Lydia's ass, stunned by the tightness of her anal muscles
around his cock. This was the feeling he craved, the moment of his triumph, the
moment she gave in to his perverted desires, knowing what would happen, but
unable to prevent it. The thought aroused him powerfully, and his cock stiffened
further; then Danielle's tongue worked back from Lydia's unfilled cunt to lick
his balls as he thrust in, and the erotic effect sent him over the top. His cock
throbbed and spurted, sending a load of hot sticky sperm deep into Lydia's
virginal rear passage, defiling her most private part with his lust. At the same
time, Danielle sucked Lydia's tiny clit between her teeth, and Lydia found that
she could not avoid the orgasm that had been building within her; Lydia came,
with Dom's cock in her ass and her own sister's mouth sucking on her clit.

Dom pulled his softening dick from Lydia's ass, and let it drop lower. Danielle
greedily sucked her sister's anal mucus from her Master's cock, stiffening him
again immediately. Dom smiled down at Danielle, so submissive to him in such a
short time. But then he pulled his cock from her mouth. "Time for that later,
slave," he said. "Right now, we have a wedding to plan."

* * * *

Dressed all in white, Lydia stood at the back of the church as the wedding march
began. All heads in the congregation turned back as one, all eyes on the bride
as she took her first deliberate step. Underneath her veil, Lydia's eyes were
wide with fear at being the center of attention. Her hands were demurely in
front, holding a large boquet as she advanced slowly down the aisle, step by
step, as if savoring each moment. The guests were all well-dressed, both men and
women immaculately turned out in their Sunday best. At the altar, Dom and his
groomsmen waited in tuxes.

Only a sharp-eyed observer would have seen the handcuffs beneath Lydia's boquet.
A thin white rope ran from her wrists to her collar, but it blended in nicely
with the color of her dress, hardly noticable. The heavy veil over her face made
it difficult for Lydia to see, but it also hid the small gag in her mouth from
view. From the front, only the two tiny holes in her dress, allowing her ringed
nipples to show, indicated anything unusual to the hundred or so men and women
gathered there.

As she passed each row of pews, the view from the back was startlingly
different. Lydia's long dress was pulled up above her waist in back, revealing
her bare legs and naked ass to each row she passed. Between her assckeeks, the
flared end of a large butt-plug was clearly visible, as white as her dress, to
symbolize the bride's purity. Her ankles were hobbled by several wrapped lengths
of rope, insuring that no step she took could be longer than about eight inches,
and that, combined with her four-inch spike heels, made her progress down the
aisle painfully slow.

But no matter how slow, progress must be made, because following right behind
Lydia was Max, Dom's Doberman, his leash held by a loyal groomsman. Before the
ceremony, Dom had whispered into Lydia's ear just what Max had been trained to
do, should she stop or falter during her walk down the aisle; and the fear of
such an inhuman debasement, in front of so many strange eyes, kept Lydia's
high-heeled feet working as fast as they possibly could, propelling her forward,
down the aisle, toward her fate.

Walking down the aisle, Lydia recognized many of the faces turned her way from
the video of Danielle's wedding; the memory of what these people were capable of
-- and the thought of what was about to happen to her -- made her blush.
Meanwhile, at the altar, Danielle was her sister's maid of honor. Her hands were
bound above her head to a post, and her mouth was gagged. Her red low-cut dress
was pushed below her push-up bra to reveal her bare tits and ringed nipples, now
firmly erect from being displayed so publicly.

Each row Lydia passed revealed her naked and violated backside to a new line of
guests, and at each row she heard gasps of delight as they comprehended her
predicament. From the front, Dom noticed a wave of hands thrust under skirts and
into trousers, advancing row by row just behind Lydia's advance. This was the
spectacle that he had wanted his special friends to see; Lydia's public
enslavement would ignite a growing tide of sexual desire in the congregation as
the ceremony continued.

Finally arriving at the altar, Lydia stood in front of the priest.

". . . and do you, Lydia, take Dom to be your Lord and Master, obeying Him in
all things, without limts, no matter how perverse or obscene, for as long as you
live?"

Desperately Lydia shook her head, shouting through the gag, her eyes pleading
with the priest for an end to her ordeal.

"I'll take that as an 'I do'. Then, by the powers vested in me, I now pronounce
you Master and slave. You may rape the bride."

Struggling to no avail, Lydia was bent over the altar by the groomsmen, and as
the congregation strained to get a good look, she could hear a zipper being
drawn down behind her. Please, she thought, please, not like this! Not with so
many strangers watching!  But her struggles were of no use. Six strong male
hands held her down, and behind her she could feel it, hard and smooth, touching
the entrance to her pussy. A murmur rose from the crowd, and she could feel his
cock pushing, violating her cunt, opening her up, filling her, pushing deeper,
deeper, slowly, inch by inch, oh god, he's raping me, he's raping me in public,
and there was nothing she could do to prevent it.

Dom pushed deeper, until finally his groin rested against the butt plug emerging
from Lydia's violated anus. He has waited a long time to taste the pleasure of
Lydia's tight little cunt, but it was worth it! Behind him, he could hear the
sounds of clothing being adjusted and shed, as some of his guests, no longer
able to contain their arousal, took Lydia's public rape at her own wedding as an
invitation to an orgy.

Looking sideways, Lydia could see Danielle struggling helplessly in her bondage,
the rings in her nipples bouncing with each vain movement. One of the groomsmen
had his hand up her dress, and Lydia could only imagine what he must be doing to
cause such distress in her slutty sister.

Dom was pounding into her now, in and out, his balls slapping against her clit.
Lydia felt his invasion, so public, so humiliating, so powerful, to her very
core. He put his hand at the nape of her neck and slid it up into her hairline,
wrapping her long dark hair firmly around his fist. Lydia was utterly
transfixed, goosebumps rising on her skin, shivers sweeping down her spine - her
knees went limp, her mouth dropped open, her eyes closed.

At that moment, Lydia understood the power Dom had over Danielle, and over her,
and she understood that his power was limitless. No matter how much she
struggled and resisted, she would be owned by Dom forever. The thought made her
cry. Dom pulled out of her cunt, and allowed his groomsmen, and then his guests,
to use Lydia's cunt while he watched, masturbating and grinning at her
debasement. Lydia experienced hours of continuous sexual debasement from being
used as the sex slave of the man who had kidnapped and raped her. Lydia was a
slave, his slave, a toy to be used for his pleasure, and there was nothing,
absolutely nothing, she could do to escape her fate. And although her sister
Danielle had accepted her fate eagerly after her submission to Dom, Lydia knew
that it would be different for her. Lydia knew that she would resist her
captivity to the end, and that Dom would always need to take her by force.
Unlike her older sister, Lydia would spend the rest of her life being forced
into unwilling sexual surrender.

Why, she wondered, are sisters so different?

* * * *

Arriving home, Heidi was surprised to see her younger sister Danielle's car in
the driveway.

"Heidi!" called out Dani, poking her head through the driver's side window.
Heidi walked to her sister's car. "What's up?" she asked.

"We need to talk about Mom's birthday present, remember? You agreed to go in
with me."

"Oh, right," Heidi replied. "Come on in, we can talk inside."

A frown crossed Danielle's face. "No, I can't. I'm in a rush. Hop in, and we'll
talk in the car. In fact, I've already bought something, I just need your
approval . . ."




*************************
Shotgun Wedding
*************************

Part 2

Heidi awoke naked, chained to a bed by her wrists and ankles. Danielle was
standing over her, wearing only her leather harness, her small but shapely tits
dangling below as she bent over her older sister. "Wha - what's heppening?"
asked Heidi, still groggy from her drug-induced coma. Danielle's only answer was
to force a rubber ball gag into Heidi's mouth, buckling it at the back of her
head. Like her youngest sister Lydia before her, Heidi's voice was not allowed
in Dom's house, except when she was screaming in pain.

"Awake, I see," said Dom, stepping into Heidi's line of sight. "I'm so glad.
I've been waiting for you to awaken. I'll enjoy the look of horror in your eyes
as the truth of your situation sinks in." Dom looked at Danielle and pointed to
the floor. His slave-wife obediently dropped to her knees at his feet, and as
Heidi looked on, Dom opened his maroon velvet robe, revealing a large erection.
Dom guided Danielle's lips to his swollen member as he spoke.

"Your sister Danielle and I were married a few weeks ago. So sorry that you
weren't invited to the wedding, but it was a very private affair; I'll show you
the videos in due course. As you can see," said Dom, forcing Dani's head harder
against his groin, "Dani is very submissive to me, which I like very much. Since
I'm a polygamist, Dani did not object in the slightest when I took your sister
Lydia as my second wife last week. Sadly, you are already engaged, so I won't be
able to marry you too; having all three sisters as wives would have been
exquisite. But that does not prevent me from banging you anyway, if you consent
to an extramarital affair."

Heidi could not believe her ears, or her eyes. This tall man was grinning at
her, as her sister Danielle worked her mouth furiously on his large red cock.
Did he really expect her to agree to such a thing? He must be nuts! Heidi looked
up at her bonds, hoping for a way out, but they were clearly too strong to break
and too tight to slip.

Dom pulled Danielle off his cock. "That's enough, Dani," he said. "I don't want
to get too excited; I am saving my next orgasm for your sister's cunt, and I
wouldn't want to disappoint her."

He walked over to Heidi's bedside, and stroked her gently on the cheek. "My name
is Dom," he said, "and I want to fuck you, Heidi. Just like I fucked your two
sisters, Danielle and Lydia. I want to see what the oldest sister's cunt feels
like, compared to her younger siblings. Now, tied up like this, I could force
you. I could simply open your legs and shove my hard cock deep into your pussy,
whether you wanted me to or not. But I am not such a brute. I'm sure it would
arouse me more if you were to consent of your own free will to being fucked. So
how about it, Heidi? Would you like my hard cock shoved deep into your open
cunt? Are you enough of a slut to satisfy your carnal lust with your
brother-in-law, while your fiancee waits frustrated at home?"

Heidi shook her head violently and shouted, but the only thing that came out was
"NNNNNN! UUU MMMMM BBBBB NNNNN!!" Dom smiled down at her. "I'm afraid I don't
quite understand you, darling, but I do believe that I detect a hint of
hesitation in your voice. Perhaps you will allow me to woo you, to convice you
to change your mind. Danielle, prepare your sister to be horsewhipped."

Heidi's heart stopped at the sound of the word: horsewhipped! She struggled in
her bondage, but to no avail. Danielle used a second set of cuffs to shackle
Heidi's wrists together, then released her hands from the bedframe. The same
process on her feet left Heidi hobbled, but able to rise from the bed, as Dani
forced her to do.

Heidi was taken out of the bedroom and into the larger room beyond, which Dom
thought of as his playroom. There he ordered Danielle to  shackle her sister
with her face to the wall. Heidi's wrists were hoisted above her head on a
chain. Coming up behind her, Dom pushed his hand between her legs, and probed
her sex with one rough finger as he spoke into her ear. "I think both of your
sisters would benefit from witnessing your change in attitude. Has Lydia ever
seen you naked, Heidi? She will now."

Dom left the room, and Danielle picked up a long black leather whip, testing it
by lashing the air. Heidi trembled at the sound, fearful of what was about to
happen. Dom returned, leading Lydia by a leash. The youngest sister was gagged
as usual, and her hands were cuffed behind her back. Dom settled himself in a
chair with Lydia on his lap, then nodded to Danielle.

Danielle raised the whip, and lashed into Heidi's exposed ass. The sharp crack
startled Lydia, and the red welt on her sister's bare bottom stood out clearly
as Heidi screamed and writhed in her bondage. Dom slipped a finger into Lydia's
cunt, massaging her sex, intending to arouse her at the sight of her sister's
whipping. Danielle struck again, Heidi screamed again, and Dom pushed his finger
deeper. He smiled as he felt Lydia's cunt moistening. Lydia was aroused, and
ashamed at her arousal. Dani struck, Heidi screamed, and Lydia moaned. Dom's
cock began to swell. Sooner or later, he suspected, Lydia would become addicted
to pain. He hoped it would be later. Danielle struck Heidi's ass again as Dom
massaged Lydia's clit with his thumb, using his other hand to play with her
ringed nipples, which were now stiffly erect.

When Dom judged that Lydia was fully aroused, he signalled Danielle to pause.
"Heidi, darling," he said, "have you had a change of heart? Are you horny enough
to open your legs for me?" Hanging limply in her bonds, Heidi was broken. Her
ass was a mass of criss-crossing welts, and tears streaked down her face. At
that moment, she would have done anything to end Danielle's savage beating.
Slowly, painfully, she nodded her defeat. Dom smiled. "I'm glad you changed your
mind, Heidi," he said. "It makes things so much easier for you."

Dom signalled to Danielle, and the middle sister lowered Heidi's wrists from the
chain. She collapsed on the floor with relief, as Dani clipped her wrists behind
her back. But then Dom ordered that Heidi be placed in a sitting position. She
screamed again as her ass hit the wooden floor, but her punishment was not yet
over: at Dom's order, Danielle put straps behind Heidi's knees, then used the
hoist to pull her sister's thighs wide open, exposing her sex to all eyes in the
room.

"Lydia," said Dom, "I am going to fuck your sister's cunt. But it seems a little
dry to me. Crawl over there on your hands and knees, and use your mouth to
prepare Heidi's cunt for my cock, will you?"

Lydia froze at the order. It was not possible; she could not possibly engage in
oral sex with Heidi. Not with Danielle and Dom watching! Desperately, she looked
into Dom's eyes for a sign he might have been joking, but clearly he meant every
word. "Lydia," said Dom, "I'm not going to ask you twice. If you are unwilling
to put your mouth on Heidi's cunt, I will have Danielle put her whip there
instead."

Heidi groaned through her gag at the prospect, and Lydia could see her sister's
eyes begging, pleading with her; Lydia was trapped. Dom removed Lydia's gag and
gave her a shove towards the wall where Heidi sat. "Crawl, slave," he said.

Overcome with humiliation, Lydia crawled. Heidi's cunt lay ten feet in front of
her, open and pink. Lydia felt weak, but she looked into Heidi's eyes and saw
the look in them. She crawled. Lydia thought back to that day when she was
sixteen, the day she had tasted the sweetness of sexual bliss for the first time
in her life; on that day, her own sister Heidi had softly and gently taught her
the joys that a woman's body could give. The affair had not lasted long -- Lydia
had been too embarrassed, and had other prospects in the offing. As the years
had passed, the memory that Lydia carried of her sexual awakening had slowly
changed from innocent sweetness into dark mortification at her incestuous
lesbian desire, a desire that Lydia had fought to repress. But now, as Dom and
Danielle watched, Lydia was being forced to reveal that dark desire again. And
in Heidi's eyes, she could see nothing but a desperate need for the taste of
Lydia's tongue, the perverted kiss that would save her from Danielle's ruthless
whip. Lydia crawled.

Dom motioned Danielle to him, and placed her lips on his hardening cock. Lydia
put her head between Heidi's open thighs, seeing once again the first cunt she
had ever kissed, so long ago. "Lick it, slave," said Dom. "Make your sister's
pussy wet for my cock." Lydia reached out, and placed her lips on Heidi's sex.
She felt her sister sigh in relief at the touch. Lydia ran her tongue along her
sister's labia, repressing any thrill of desire she might feel at the renewal of
their forbidden lust. I must not enjoy this, thought Lydia. I must not let
anyone see me enjoying this! Lydia sucked at her sister's clit, and Heidi moaned
in desire. Lydia was using the sexual skills Heidi had taught her, she was using
her mouth to prepare her own sister's cunt for being raped.

On her hands and knees in front of Heidi, Lydia suddenly felt a wet sensation at
her own sex, which caused her to look up in surprise. Danielle was behind her,
also on her hands and knees. "Get your mouth back to work, slave," said Dom,
picking up the whip. Lydia gulped, and returned her attention to Heidi's
moistening pussy. At the same time, Danielle's tongue played on her own exposed
sex, and Lydia found that she was no longer able to repress her lust, no matter
how much she tried. Dani flicked rapidly at Lydia's clit with her tongue, and
Lydia groaned into Heidi's pussy, sucking deeply, and causing Heidi to moan in
her turn. Behind them all, Dom watched gleefully as the sisters engaged in
incestuous cunnilingus, stroking his hard cock to keep it erect.

When he saw Heidi reach the point of pre-orgasmic arousal, he pulled Danielle
off of Lydia, and then pulled Lydia off of Heidi. Dom knelt between Heidi's
splayed thighs, his erection still wet with Danielle's saliva. He grabbed
Heidi's tit with his right hand, while his left guided his erection to the
entrance of her open cunt, now warm and wet from Lydia's talented tongue. Then,
slowly, he pressed his cock inward.

Heidi moaned at Dom's invasion, but even as she did so, she realized that this
was much, much better than Danielle's whip. At that moment, she decided that she
would no longer resist Dom; she would submit to his desires, no matter how
perverted or depraved. Secretly, Heidi had always felt that she was naturally
submissive to men, and at that moment, as Dom's cock forced its way into her
helplessly open cunt, she felt it more deeply than ever.

Dom fucked his new conquest with relish, reveling in the slick wetness that
Lydia's tonging had caused, and feeling the surrender in Heidi's body as he
ravaged her. He could feel her breathing accelerate as her passion flooded out,
no longer held in check by false modesty. Heidi was his now, only his, and he
was enjoying every moment of this, especially because both of Heidi's sisters
had caused it to come about. The thought quickly brought his cock to throbbing,
pulsing climax, and he shot a load of hot, sticky sperm into Heidi's open cunt.
He grunted as he came, and was pleased to see that the feeling of his cock
spurting in her cunt had caused Heidi's eyes to turn upward in an unmistakable
sign of her own orgasm. He leaned close to her ear. "You're mine now, Heidi," he
whispered. "I own you."

At that moment, Heidi knew that it was true.

* * * *

When Dom removed Lydia's blindfold, Heidi's bare ass was open before her. Heidi
lay bound and gagged, her head and hands held in stocks, forcing her to bend
forward at the waist. Her feet were held wide apart by shackles. Dom and Lydia
were behind, where Heidi's asscheeks were forced wide open, clearly revealing
her cunt and anus. A plastic sheet covered the floor, and a nearby table held
various medical devices.

Dom leaned close to Heidi's ear. "I'm going to rape your ass soon, Heidi," he
said, "but I prefer a clean ass to a dirty one. So we're going to clean you out
first. And I'm going to let Lydia do the honors." Heidi groaned into her gag,
and looked back to see her youngest sister, gagged as usual.

"Take this," said Dom, handing Lydia a long, narrow rubber tube. "The vaseline
on the table is for lubrication. It goes up your sister's ass. All the way up."

Lydia stared at Dom in disbelief. Did he really expect her to violate her own
sister in such a degrading fashion? But the look she got back from him indicated
that that was exactly what he expected. Lydia looked blankly at the rubber hose
in  her hand, and then at Heidi's tight little rosehole. She trembled at the
thought, frozen in fear.

"If you don't do it, Lydia, then I will -- except that I will be much more
brutal with your sister than you would be," said Dom. He reached forward and
grasped Lydia's nipple rings, twisting them painfully; Lydia's eyes widened, and
she yelped into her gag. "I'm sure Heidi would much prefer your hands than
mine."

Still shaking, Lydia opened the jar of vaseline, taking a big glob on her
finger. Slowly, she spread it over the two-foot length of rubber tubing, not
daring to imagine what it would take to insert that obscene lenght into her own
sister's backside. She took her time, hoping that something might happen that
would distract Dom from his plan, but nothing did; he was implacable. When the
tube was fully lubricated, Lydia bought more time by taking a big glob of
vaseline and touching it to Heidi's exposed anus. Heidi squirmed at her sister's
touch. Lydia briefly considered inserting her finger, to lubricate Heidi on the
inside as well; but the thought was too embarrassing to contemplate.

And then there was nothing more to lubricate. Lydia stood behind her sister with
the slickened rubber tube in her hand, wondering how to begin. She felt Dom's
finger between her legs, probing her own anus. "Do it, slave," he said. "Right
in her ass. Do it, before I get angry."

Lydia's hand approached Heidi's well-lubricated anus, the rubber hose held
tightly between her fingers. As Dom continued to prod her own anus with his
finger, she lightly touched the end of the tube to the center of her sister's
puckered entrance. Then she pushed, and the tip of the tube disappeared into
Heidi's ass. Heidi gave a high wail, and bucked in her bondage. Lydia, surprised
at her sister's reaction, stopped pushing. But Dom was right behind her, and his
finger goosed her. "Keep pushing, Lydia. Right up her ass. All the way."

Lydia kept pushing as Dom commanded. Slowly, inch by inch, the long tube
disappeared deep into Heidi's rectum, as the bound older sister squirmed and
moaned at the invasion. Dom's fingertip now forced its way into Lydia's anus
too, and he gently sodomized the younger sister as he watched her work the tube
on its way inward.

The tube ended in a thick rubber plug, with a narrow neck in the middle. As the
last inch of the tube pushed into Heidi's anus, Lydia understood the design of
the plug, and she understood what she had to do. She pressed the end of the plug
into her sister's helplessly exposed anus, and gasped as she saw Heidi's
sphinter stretch wide to accomodate its girth. Then, gratefully, her anus closed
again around the narrow neck.

The plug contained a nozzle on the outer end, and now Dom attached a second tube
to the nozzle, a tube that ended in a valve, just below a large enema bag,
hanging above the table. Dom turned the valve, and warm, soapy water began to
flood into Heidi's bowels. Heidi yelped in shock at the feeling, but she quickly
got used to it; and then, as the water continued to flow in, her insides began
to swell painfully, and she moaned in pain.

For what seemed like an impossibly long time, the soapy water continued to flow.
Lydia gasped into her gag as she saw Heidi's abdomen begin to swell from the
load she was forced to carry. At last, the enema bag was empty. Dom removed it
from the hanger -- and then put another, identical bag in its place. He turned
the valve, and Heidi's torment continued.

Heidi's stomach swelled larger and larger, and her groans became louder and more
insistent, as the gigantic volume of water inside her caused her to appear
suddenly pregnant and ready to deliver. When the second bag was empty, Dom
removed the tube from the butt plug, and walked around the stocks to Heidi's
head.

"I'm going to give you a choice, Heidi," he said. "For the next twenty minutes,
you can either feel my cock in your ass, or the water. If you want to be anally
raped by my cock, nod your head."

Heidi nodded vigorously as she groaned. Dom smiled, then looked at Lydia. "Your
sister wants my cock in her ass, Lydia. Remove the plug," he ordered. Lydia
grasped and pulled, wrenching the black rubber plug from her sister's tightly
constricted anus. Instantly, a torrent of dirty fecal enema water shot out,
covering Lydia's hand and arm, and falling onto the plastic sheet on the floor.

As Heidi gasped and moaned in relief, Dom grabbed his cock and stroked it to
erection. He waited until the final drips of water had been expelled from
Heidi's anus, then placed the tip of his cock to her violated backside. The
fatigue in Heidi's sphincter was so great that she was unable to resist his
sodomy in the slightest.

Lydia watched in horror, knowing as few people did how much her sister detested
having her anus even touched, let alone violated in such a complete and ruthless
manner. Dom rode Heidi's ass vigorously, and continued to do so until at last
his cock stiffened and boiled over, filling Heidi's backside with one last load
of liquid.

* * * *

"Most people would call this a posture collar, but I prefer the term 'neck
corset'," said Dom, holding up an odd piece of leather. Lydia knelt before him,
nude as usual, with her wrists bound behind her back and her mouth gagged.

"It has three purposes.  First, it has a piece that comes up over your chin and
lips, making a very effective gag. Second, it holds your head and neck quite
upright, not allowing you to lower your chin even slightly while you wear it.
This will be most effective training, since I expect your neck and throat to be
long, stretched, and open for my cock at all times. And finally, it constricts
the width of your neck, which enhances my pleasure when I force my thick cock
deep into your throat. From now on, you will wear the neck corset both day and
night, although it will be removed when needed for eating and washing. Also, I
will remove the gag portion whenever I wish to use my cock to test the tightness
of your throat -- and I plan to test often."

Lydia's eyes widened in fear as Dom placed the leather collar over her shoulders
and began lacing it up in back. It reached down in front about to her
collarbones, and completely covered her neck and lower jaw with leather, holding
her chin firmly from below. The upper edge of the neck corset traced her
jawline, ending in a thick zipper. Before lacing the upper laces, Dom removed
Lydia's ball gag, but it was scant relief; he zipped into the jawline zipper the
gag attachment, which raised the edge of the leather part up to Lydia's nostrils
and cheeks. The inner part of the gag attachement contained a leather sleeve,
which Dom immediately forced between her teeth, filling the outer portion of her
mouth. There was a wide slit at the front of the sleeve where her lips were, but
the slit was zipped tightly shut. Dom had the ability to open the mouth zipper
alone, or remove the entire gag, without removing the neck corset.

Then, with delicate determination, Dom began tightening the laces around Lydia's
neck. Lydia's breathing came rapidly as she felt the leather pull tighter and
tighter, and she could feel her head rising higher, her neck straightening and
lengthening under the laces. But worst of all, she could feel her neck getting
thinner, tighter, and she wondered if she would still be able to breathe if Dom
tightened the laces any further. She had to fight to breathe in that monstrous
garment. At last, the tightening stopped; Lydia's head felt weak, as though she
had stood up too rapidly. She could feel Dom's fingers around her throat,
caressing the leather; she could feel his grip, surrounding her, holding her
neck and her breath in his hands, she could feel the strength of his fingers on
her pulse beneath the leather. "Oh, yes," he said, softly. "That will do
nicely."

Dom pushed on Lydia's shoulders, forcing her to her knees. Lydia could see that
the act of encasing her neck so thoroughly had given him a huge erection. He
unzipped her mouth zipper, opening the sleeve that led to her mouth. Lydia
wanted to cry out, to use that moment to beg her captor, her master, her
husband, for mercy. But the leather prevented her tongue from articulating, and
Dom's thick cock was in her mouth before she could react. Dom pushed his thick
cock into Lydia's mouth, and he did not stop there; slowly, inch by inch, as
Lydia fought for breath below him, Dom's cock pushed deeper and deeper into the
throat of his captive young wife. Deeper, until at last he could feel the head
of his cock gripped by the delicious tightness in her throat that was being
caused by the neck corset. Lydia gagged and choked on his cock, and would have
vomited too, except that her stomach was thankfully empty. Dom pulled out a bit,
then pushed in again, starting a rhythm that Lydia recognized all to well. He
raped Lydia's throat until he came, filling her, forcing her to swallow,
although his sperm was too deep in her throat for her to taste.

"That was acceptable for the first time," said Dom, withdrawing his limp cock
from Lydia's leather-encased mouth. "But don't expect to get away that easily
always. I will train you to suppress your gag reflex, and I will train you to
hold your breath for long periods, so that you can swallow my cock into your
esophagus while I fuck your throat for ever longer periods." Dom zipped the
cover to Lydia's mouth shut. "In fact, why don't we start that training right
now?"

Dom grabbed Lydia's exposed nipples and pulled up on the rings, forcing Lydia to
her feet. He moved her to a post, and placed her with her back to it. "Bend
over," he commanded, pulling her nipples forward and down. Lydia had no choice
but compliance. Then she felt a warm, slickened finger on her anus, lubricating
her obscenely. "Step back," said Dom, and when Lydia did so, she was not
surprised to find that she stepping directly into a thick, rubber dildo that
jutted from the post behind her. Dom pushed her hips hard against the post,
forcing Lydia to sodomize her own backside with the anal invader. Then he pulled
her upright again, and strapped her hips, waist, and chest in position against
the post. Lydia wasn't going anywhere.

Dom reached out and pinched Lydia's nose. Instantly in a panic, Lydia realized
that she could not breathe at all; Dom's fingers held her nose, and the cruel
neck corset would allow hardly any air through her mouth with the zipper closed.
At the same time, Dom reached down between Lydia's legs and touched her clit,
massaging gently. Lydia's mind was flooded with a cascade of conflicting
sensations, from the pain in her feet to the rubber in her anus, to Dom's
finger's on her clit driving her toward orgasm, to the tightness of the leather
around her throat; but all of these were secondary compared to her desperate and
unfulfilled need to breathe, to fill her lungs with air.

She tried to shake her head loose from Dom's pinching fingers on her nose, but
the neck corset held her head immoble. Dom's fingers were inside her pussy now,
and his thumb played on her clit; she clenched the rubber dildo in her anus with
a desperate tightness, and she felt that her lungs were about to burst. Her head
swam, her vision darkened, and Lydia felt herself on the verge of blacking out,
helpless even to breathe without her Master's consent.

Judging the moment carefully, Dom let his fingers loose from her nose, and Lydia
gulped in a full, desperately needed lungful of air. Her head swam with relief,
but at the same instant, Dom pushed hard against her clit with his thumb, and
pulled at her g-spot with his fingers, pinching Lydia's pubic bone in its most
sensitive area.

As Lydia exhaled that first lungful, she screamed through her leather bondage,
louder and longer than she would have thought possible. For what seemed like an
eternity, she was transported out of her body and into a world of pure orgasmic
pleasure unlike anything she had ever felt. That first gasp of needed air,
combined with Dom's relentless fingering of her most sensitive anatomy, had
pushed Lydia to a place she had never been before.

It seemed to last forever, and afterward, as Dom withdrew his fingers from her
cunt, Lydia felt mortified. Lydia's ruthless rapist had forced her to cum, and
he had done so in a way that stunned her beyond her wildest dreams. "That was 45
seconds without breathing, slut," said Dom. "Next time, it will be 50." Lydia
sobbed. She was barely able to maintain consciousness at 45 seconds; it would be
impossible at 50! She did not want a repeat performance, and she could not
understand why her cunt dripped in desire at the thought.

* * * *

Dom watched as Danielle pulled the corset up around Lydia's slim body, and began
the long process of lacing it up tightly in back. The black satin corset reached
down to the small of Lydia's back, leaving her round ass completely free to
Dom's eyes and hands. In front, it reached midway between Lydia's navel and sex,
flaring wider at the hips. The top edge contained two semi-circular cutouts for
her tits, which were also freely available to her ruthless husband. But the
waist was brutally narrow, and became even more so as Danielle laced the corset
tighter. Danielle checked Lydia's waistline with a tape measure from time to
time; then, with one last hard pull, she tied off the laces. Lydia felt woozy,
finding it hard to breathe with her torso so firmly encased.

Dom admired Lydia's bound body, a small smile crossing his face as he came up to
her, running his hands along her waist, feeling the tightness of the satin
garment and allowing his fingers to stray lower, teasing her cunt in front, and
caressing the crack of her ass in back. Dom admired the way Lydia's ass had
become even more prominent as her waist had narrowed; the effect was strikingly
erotic, and his cock swelled at the sight.

"From now on, you will be tight-laced both day and night," explained Dom,
speaking softly into Lydia's ear as his hands played below. "Your current waist
of 22 inches is already childishly thin compared to most women; but it will
compress nicely to 20 during the day, just as it is now. At night, lying down
and with no weight to support, you will be tight-laced to 19 inches with a
training corset. But these are only your initial sizes. You will find that such
tight lacing does wonders for lowering your appetite; the pounds will melt away.
Once a week, you will be given an especially tight lacing, with the intention of
compressing your waist even smaller. Once you have achieved a smaller size, you
will never again be allowed to lace any larger than that. This will continue
until you achieve your ultimate waist, which is 17 inches -- small enough so
that I will be able to surround your waist entirely with my two large hands,
touching my fingertips. I expect this process to take about a year, but it will
be worth it. Fucking your cunt or your ass while grabbing your waist in that
manner will be exquisite, almost as though I am using your entire body as a
masturbation sleeve for my large cock."

Lydia trembled at the thought of what was in store for her; then, whether from
fear of being used in such an inhuman fashion, or from lack of breath caused by
the corsetry at her neck and waist, she fainted dead away.

* * * *

Days melted into weeks, and a daily way of life came to settle in among the
three sisters. There was a clear heirarchy among them, with Dom at the apex.
Danielle, who submitted eagerly to Dom's depravity, was just below him on the
pecking order; nobody but Dom was allowed to punish her. Below them was Heidi,
who submitted to Dom more reluctantly than her sister, but submitted
nonetheless. At the bottom was Lydia, who had never mentally submitted to Dom's
perversions, and always had to be forced to obey. Any one of the other three
could punish Lydia at any time and for any reason, or for no reason at all.  But
Danielle was the most frequent and eager abuser of Lydia's sensitive body.

There were no windows in the playroom, or the dungeon as Lydia thought of it, no
way to tell the time of day or the seasons; and the only clocks that Lydia could
ever see did not keep normal time. Instead of going from one to twelve, the
numbers went from one to ten; and the minute hand seemed to move faster than one
revolution per hour, although Lydia could not be sure. Lydia was awakened at ten
every day, when both hands were vertical; and she remained awake for two
complete revolutions of the hour hand, or twenty hours, if indeed they really
were hours. Then she was put to bed at 10, and slept for ten hours before being
awakened again. She had a small room with a bed and a toilet, which was kept
locked when she was not inside.

It was always Danielle who awakened her, and it was always Heidi who put her to
bed. During the middle of the "day" when she was awake, just before 10, it was
Lydia's responsibility to put Dani to bed; then immediately afterwards Lydia
awakened Heidi. This arrangement ensured that two of the three sisters were
awake at all times, while the third sister slept. Lydia was not sure when Dom
slept, or where.

When Danielle was in a good mood, she would awaken Lydia by a blow of the riding
crop to her pierced nipples, causing instant excruciating pain to her bound
sister. More commonly though, Dani was not in a good mood, and struck at her
sister's open cunt instead, which was worse. Lydia slept with her body bound
spread-eagled to the bed, so that Dom would be able to use her cunt or mouth as
she slept, if he chose to do so. It also meant that Lydia was unable to fend off
any blows that Danielle might wish to give her as a wake-up call.

Once Lydia was awake, which she signalled to Dani by screaming into her gag, the
older sister would unlock Lydia's wrists and ankles, roll her over on her
stomach, and unlace both the night training corset at her waist, and the neck
corset. As the neck corset came off her mouth, Danielle immediately put a
squeeze bottle to Lydia's lips and filled her mouth with mouthwash, ordering her
not to swallow. Thus, even when not gagged, Lydia was unable to speak.

But this was the best time of Lydia's day. For the next fifteen minutes,
Danielle washed her sister's naked skin with a rough washcloth and basin of
soapy water. Dani did her best to inflict mild indignities on Lydia while
bathing her, violating her cunt and anus with soapy fingers; but nothing would
have detracted from the wonderful feeling of those few minutes of glorious,
naked freedom that Lydia felt. Following the bath, Danielle inserted an enema
nozzle deep into Lydia's anus and filled her up, until Lydia's abdomen swelled
obscenely and she sobbed in pain. Dani forced Lydia to hold the enema for too
long before signalling Dom that Lydia was ready. The swelling in Lydia's gut
caused the pressure in her bladder to increase, creating a desperate need to
pee. Lydia was made to stand on the rim of the toilet, her swollen belly full,
until Dom entered the room. Dom would sit on the bed and order Lydia to open her
pussy lips. Then Dom would give the word, and Lydia was finally allowed to
relieve herself front and rear, as Dom watched closely. Even during the day
Lydia was never allowed to pee unless Dom was watching; frequently he would pull
out is cock and stroke it as he watched Lydia pee.

The morning cleaning ritual did not last long, however, and soon Danielle was
placing the neck corset on Lydia's shoulders again, ordering Lydia to spit out
the mouthwash, and lacing her neck tight. That was followed immediately by her
day corset, stronger and stiffer than the night training corset, which made up
for the fact that it was laced just slightly looser. On those days that Dom
demanded especially tight lacing, Danielle would work on the stays brutally, and
Lydia wondered how narrow her waist could go. During the first few weeks,
progress had been rapid, as much as half an inch per week; but as time wore on,
even a quarter inch was considered a major advance.

At night, the process was similar, except now it was Heidi who removed the day
corset, bathed Lydia, put her into the training corset, and locked her wrists
and ankles to the bedframe. Heidi was gentler than Danielle, and Lydia noticed
that Heidi always lubricated the enema nozzle generously; Lydia found the
feeling of Heidi's fingers on her ass as the nozzle was pushed home gently
arousing. And although Heidi did not fail to wash Lydia's intimate parts, unlike
Danielle, Heidi was apparently too shy to penetrate her sister sexually without
being ordered to do so by Dom or Danielle. Lydia often wished that Heidi would
do so, but with her mouth gagged, she had no way to make such a lewd request.

During the day, Dom frequently forced Lydia to perform sexual acts with
whichever sister was awake at the time, for his amusement. Dom seemed to enjoy
this forced lesbian incest greatly, and he often fucked one or both sisters
afterward. Lydia noticed that he usually fucked Dani in the mouth and Heidi in
the cunt, while he most often fucked Lydia herself in the ass. Lydia much
preferred being forced into lesbian sex with Heidi, whom she loved, than with
Dani, whom she detested. Heidi's tongue on her cunt never failed to bring Lydia
to orgasm. As weeks merged into months, Lydia found that not only did she love
Heidi as a sister, she was also falling IN love with her; Lydia began to crave
the sexual touch of her oldest sister's lips and tongue on her open cunt. Even
when Dom had her spanked or whipped, Lydia found that she did not mind it nearly
as much if it was Heidi's hand that was doing the punishing.

Lydia assumed that Danielle and Heidi performed for Dom while she was asleep,
and she often wondered whether Heidi preferred Dani's mouth to hers on her
intimate parts; but being almost constantly gagged, she had no way to ask. Lydia
hoped that Heidi preferred her to Dani. On those occasions when Dom forced her
to lick Heidi's cunt, she made every effort to do the best job she could. But to
Dani, her kidnapper, she gave only the minimum effort needed to avoid a
punishment.

At unexpected times during the day, Dom would pinch Lydia's nose, stopping her
breathing, as he timed her. Lydia never knew how Dom knew just how close she was
to passing out; but he always seemed to let go just as her vision was turning
gray. During these sessions, Dom would always have a finger on Lydia's clit or
in her sex as she struggled to breathe, never failing to sexually arouse her at
her own suffocation. Often these sessions were immediately followed by him
removing the gag from her neck corset, and forcing his cock into her constricted
throat. Out of desperation, Lydia learned that she could catch quick snatches of
air on each outward stroke of Dom's cock; and after a few weeks of such daily
invastions, she found that she could control her gag reflex enough to allow
Dom's throat rape to pass with only mild discomfort. But Dom noticed that Lydia
was learning to control herself better, and he simply increased the time his
cock was at its deepest point, being constricted by the enforced tightness of
her neck corset. He watched Lydia's face closely as his cock entered her
esophagus, closing off her airway, and relished the desperation in her eyes as
she fought vainly to breathe around the thickness of his manhood. Such desperate
fear in Lydia's eyes aroused him, and never failed to bring him to orgasm, his
spunk often spurting directly into her stomach.

Meals came twice a day, at 5 on the clock, morning and evening fare identical.
There were two courses, a thick liquid with a metallic taste, and a hard,
somewhat bitter vegetable that Lydia could not place. Laced tightly into her
corset, Lydia discovered that she simply could not each much, no matter how
hungry she was. Just a few mouthfuls was enough to give her a feeling of being
full. She did not know how much she weighed now, but she could feel herself
shrinking along with her waistline. Prior to her kidnapping and marriage, she
had been 110 pounds, wispy-thin for a girl five feet six inches tall; but now,
she doubted that she weighed as much as a hundred.

Several months later, Dom fulfilled his promise. Lydia was bent over in front of
him, as he gripped around her corsetted waist so tightly that his fingers
touched. He pulled her narrow waist toward him, impaling her cunt on his firm
erection. Dom relished the feeling of her hips splayed wide below his hands, of
her round ass slapping against his thighs, and most of all the feeling of total
control he had over her as his hands entirely encircled her waist. Pushing and
pulling, he used Lydia as no man had ever used her before, and as no other man
ever would. It did not take long before he grunted in pure ecstacy, filling
Lydia's womb with his seed.

* * * *

Lydia lay on the medical examination table, her feet shackled into the stirrups,
hands tied above her head, and knees pulled far back, leaving her shaved pussy
obscenely open to the eyes and hands of Dom and Danielle. Embarrassed beyond
words at her helpless postion, she squirmed as Dom's hands caressed her body. He
passed his fingers along her armpits and breasts, down to her narrow waistline,
encircling it with his fingers.

"Now that your waistline is narrow enough for my taste," said Dom, "I want to
make sure it stays that way. Too often I have fucked your cunt too recklessly,
relying only on the rhythm of your natural cycle to prevent unintended
consequences. But I would prefer not to be bound by such encumbrances; so I have
decided to insert this intra-uterine device into your womb. It is safe and
effective." He held up a small, T-shaped wire object in front of Lydia's eyes.

"I'm sorry to tell you that I do not have the delicate tools that gynecologists
use to work inside a woman's vagina," Dom continued. "That means that I will
need to open your cunt wide enough to insert the IUD manually. This will no
doubt be quite painful for you; but since you are tied down with your legs wide
open, you  have no choice but to endure the pain, no matter how intense. And of
course, your gag will prevent your screams from reaching the neighbors."

Lydia's eyes widened with fear as Dom snapped a rubber glove expertly onto his
right hand. "Prepare the patient," said Dom, and Danielle moved between her
sister's open legs, a wicked gleam in her eye. She had a tube of surgical
lubricant, and she rubbed the slippery gel all over Lydia's pussy, from her clit
to her perianum; nor she did not stop there, inserting the entire tube into
Lydia's sex and sqeezing, until the clear jelly filled her sister's cunt and
dripped out the edges. Then she stuck two fingers into Lydia's pussy, ostensibly
to work the lubricant in; but Dani was grinning as she noticed Lydia's nipples
becoming erect. Danielle expertly worked her sister's cunt with her fingers and
clit with her thumb. Under Dom's pre-arranged direction, Dani was bringing Lydia
to the edge of orgasm.

When Dom could see that Lydia was close, oh so close to cumming, he motioned to
Danielle, who withdrew her hand, leaving Lydia on the brink. Lydia now saw that
Dom had a stainless-steel speculum in his hand, and as Dani backed away, Dom
stepped in and inserted it deftly into Lydia's well-lubricated vagina. It was
not cold, as Lydia had expected; Dom had warmed it to body temperature
beforehand. But then he began opening the jaws, and Lydia realized that
temperature had nothing to do with Dom's plan at all.

Wider and wider, Dom stretched Lydia's cunt, and she groaned in pain into her
gag. But the groan turned into a yelp, as Dom put one finger on her swollen
clit, and massaged it as he opened the jaws wider. He would keep Lydia fully
aroused as he forced her vaginal walls open. The pain that most women experience
only in childbirth, Lydia would be forced to experience while being sexually
fondled to the brink of orgasm.

The jaws of the speculum were now as wide as they could go, and Lydia lay
panting and groaning on her back. She had never known such relentless pain, and
the thought of what was happening to her abused cunt was unbearable to
contemplate. "Look at this, Lydia," said Dom teasingly, holding up another steel
object. It was another speculum, about twice the size of the first. "The first
speculum was needed to open you wide enough for this one," he explained. Lydia
wanted to faint, but the assault on her cunt, both from the speculum and from
Dom's finger on her clit, would not allow it.

Dom slipped the second speculum into Lydia's dialated cunt, the jaws ninety
degrees from the smaller tool. Lydia grunted at the new invader, but was
rewarded shortly afterwards as Dom closed the first speculum and removed it,
leaving the larger one in place. Lydia's relief was short lived, however; Dom
pressed on the handle of the monstrous device, and instantly Lydia's cunt was
stretched wider than it had ever been in her life. She screamed continuously
into her gag, but the pain was implacable. Dom worked his finger rapidly on her
clit, but even the intense sexual arousal he created brought her scant relief
from an agony that matched childbirth in its intensity.

Wider and wider, the jaws of the speculum separated, and Lydia's shrieks were
scarcely blocked by the leather gag of her neck corset. Then she felt something
odd in her stretched pussy; looking down, she saw Dom's gloved hand probing
between the jaws of the speculum. Her tear-filled eyes widened with disbelief as
his entire hand disappeared into her obscenely opened cunt.

Dom probed his hand deeply into Lydia's helplessly rent sex. He was holding a
surgical hose with his thumb, and as his hand advanced deeper into Lydia's
vagina, he felt for the little nub of tissue at the back that was her cervix.
When he pushed as deeply as he could into Lydia's cunt, he finally touched his
target. He grabbed at it, and as he worked the end of the tube into the tiny
opening of Lydia's womb, her screams reached a higher register. "Before I insert
the IUD," he told her through her shrieks, "I thought it would be a good idea to
clean your womb thoroughly."

Lydia's muscles worked vainly against the steel and leather that were holding
her down, but it was no use; the rubber tube slid relentlessly into the
innermost seat of her womanhood. Dom gave a signal to Danielle, who turned a
valve; a clear liquid filled the rubber tube and spurted out of the end buried
deep in Lydia's womb. Her uterus filled, expanding to accomodate the liquid
forced into it, and Lydia screamed again; her abdomen swelled just below the
strict corset, creating the absurd look of an advanced pregnancy just below her
tightly narrowed waist. Lydia was simultaneously wasp-waisted thin, yet fat with
pregnancy, as Dom's fist worked inside her lewdly distended cunt.

Finally, at a signal from Dom, Danielle turned the valve and the liquid in
Lydia's womb was allowed to drain. Lydia gasped and sobbed in relief, and Dom
removed his hand from her sex. But now Dom picked up the T-shaped wire, and
again pushed his hand deep into Lydia's womanhood. Again her screams rose; as
Dom jabbed the wire into the tiny opening of Lydia's cervix, he was momentarily
afraid that she would lose consciousness. But such relief was not to be her
fate.

Dom removed his hand and looked at Danielle. "I quite enjoyed the feeling of my
fist up her cunt," he said. "In fact, I may want to do it again, and soon. Leave
the speculum in for an hour; that will give her a good stretch. And keep her
clit aroused, but don't let her cum." Danielle's eyes brightened at the prospect
of an hour of such torture for Lydia, and she tightened the straps holding her
sister's knees open.

Dom played idly with Lydia's nipple rings with one hand, and stoked his cock
gently with the other, as Lydia screamed below him. His cock hardened, and he
considered his options. It had been quite a while since he had fucked Heidi in
the ass, more than two days. Heidi was sleeping at the moment, and he knew that
she disliked anal penetration of any kind; but the idea of forced sodomy was
just too delightful to pass up. And, he thought with a grin, he would leave the
door to her bedroom open, so that as Heidi was being anally raped she would also
hear Lydia's agonizing shreiks. As he was forcing Heidi's tight anus open with
his cock, he would whisper in her ear the details of Lydia's torment, and of
what awaited Heidi herself when the time was right.

Oh yes, he thought, it was good to be the Man of the house.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dom Neely


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





