BDSM Library - Cumbag At The Rest Stop




Cumbag At The Rest Stop
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cumbag was her master's slut, toy, fuck-pig, toilet, or anything his preferred. This time, she was sent to the rest stop for truckers and travelers. For those who knew this place, it was called "Cum Stop".
CUMBAG AT THE REST STOP


By Steve Dema



	Cumbag was in trouble. She knew it last night. Usually Cumbag slept with
Steve's cock in her mouth. She would gently suck his cock until he fell asleep.
Steve liked to have his slut handy when his cock would get hard as he slept.
Cumbag loved to feel his cock swell in her mouth. She would always drink two or
three loads of cum each night as Steve slept. After the bitch ate his cum and
cleaned his cock, Steve liked to have his ass licked. Cumbag would also be there
to be his toilet as he slept. There was no reason for him to get out of bed just
to piss. That was just another function of Cumbag. The whore knew her job.

	Cumbag loved to be awakened by the rush of hot piss into her mouth. The
slut would nurse his cock for every drop. However, there was no cum or piss for
the cunt last night. Last night the bitch was in her cage. It wasn't that she
didn't like her cage. She did. She would be on her knees in the cage with her
ass up. There were clips, clamps and vises for her tits and cunt. Dildoes were
there for her cunt and ass. There was also a rubber hood that Steve usually had
her wear. It had a removable cock-gag with a piss tube connected to the gag.
Steve would slip the other end of the piss-tube over his cock when he went to
bed. No reason for him to have to get up to piss just because the slut had
pissed him off.

	Last night there was no piss or cum for the whore. Steve did have some
entertainment from his pig. He laughed when she began to squirm when he filled
her cunt with Ben-Gay ointment and her ass with rubbing alcohol. He then shoved
two huge dildoes in her cunt and ass. Cumbag didn't thrash around much though.
Besides the confining cage, clamps stretched her cunt lips outward. Two vises
squeezed her tits as the clips on her nipples pulled at her nipples. Cumbag
didn't mind. The slut always loved everything. Besides, in a couple of hours,
her ass and cunt had stopped burning.

	Steve woke her up by yanking the cock-gag from her hood-covered mouth.
He crammed his cock into her mouth and pissed full blast. Cumbag almost choked,
but still managed to guzzle every drop of piss into her throat. Cumbag moaned
around the pissing cock as Steve slowly fucked her mouth. The way her hooded
head was chained to the bars of the cage made his urinal an easy target.

	"That's it pig... Drink it. Show me why I keep your sorry ass around...
MMMmm... Fucking piss-whore. That's a good cunt... I ought to sell you as I did
your slut-mother... Stupid toilet-slut... Aaaahhh... That's it pig... Now flush
toilet." Steve said as he emptied his bladder and Cumbag swallowed.

	"Uuuummmn... Thank you, sir... I love to be your piss-sucker, sir. Thank
you... Your piss is so GOOD!" Cumbag whispered as she lovingly cleaned his cock.
Steve jerked his cock from the hooded slave's mouth.

	"Get your self ready, cunt. I've set your clothes out. Then get your ass
in the van". He said as he released her from the clamp and vises. As he left the
room, Cumbag removed the dildoes from her fuck-holes. She sucked them clean and
dried them with her hair when she removed the hood. Cumbag crawled on all fours
to her bathroom. After giving her self an enema, she showered. She shaved the
tiny patch of cunt-hair Steve had left her. Most of her cunt-hair had been
removed permanently with electrolysis. Steve would sometimes let the patch that
remained grow out. He enjoyed pulling those cunt-hairs out with pliers and
feeding them to his cunt. She applied makeup to her young face and fixed her
blonde hair. Cumbag knew it was important to be as beautiful as she could. Men
seemed to really enjoy doing nasty things to a beautiful slut like her. Of
course, Cumbag loved what they did too.

	She found the outfit her owner had selected. There was a thin white,
stretch knit tube-top that barely covered her 38DD tits. Across the front, it
had 'CUM CATCHER' embroidered in red.

	Next was a black Lycra micro-mini skirt that almost covered her ass when
she stood. Across her ass the skirt had 'FUCK-TOY' embroidered in red letters.
Next came the black stockings with 'SLUT' written all over them. The spike-heel
shoes and the collar with 'CUMBAG' stamped on it completed her out fit.

	Cumbag hurried to the van where Steve was waiting impatiently. As soon
as she sat down, he slapped her face. "FUCKING PIG-CUNT!... IT'S ABOUT TIME!"
Cumbag held her face up to be slapped again, "I'm sorry, sir... Slap me again...
Teach this cunt not to keep you waiting. I'm just a stupid slut-bitch," she
said.

	As they headed out I-40 toward Nashville, Steve reached over and pinched
her nipple. "I am so fucking pissed-off at you, cunt. I'm going to have to teach
you not to sleep when you're being fucked. Last weekend at the Fraternity party
you kept passing out. I know those kids thought it was funny to have the dogs
fuck you and piss in your face when you were unconscious. But if anyone goes to
the trouble to hold dogs around your head until they are ready to piss on you,
then you should be courteous enough to thank them... THEN!...Not when you decide
to wake up... So to help your useless ass learn what to do, I'm going to take
you out to the rest stop for a couple of days. I'll come and check on you, if I
don't forget. You'd better be awake, CUNT!" Cumbag's wet cunt began to juice
even more. She LOVED the rest stop.

	The rest stop was located on an old detour. Steve had taken Cumbag there
many times before. Truck drivers and other travelers kept an eye out for the
slut. To those who knew about it, the rest stop was called the 'Cum Stop'.

	Steve handed Cumbag the microphone to the CB radio. Cumbag looked at him
and smiled. She knew what to do.

	"Breaker... This is the Cumbag here... Anyone want to fuck a whore
today?... Come on you truckers... Want a little pig pussy today?... Cumbag needs
some cum... Want to feed a slut?" Cumbag broadcasted.
	"Hey there Cumbag... Big Daddy here. We've been wondering where the
whore was." A trucker answered. "Is the little fuck-pig needing some cocks?"

	"Hi Big Daddy... The Cumbag's glad to hear from you... That's a big 10-4
Big Daddy! This fuck-pig always needs some cocks. Have you got any buddies that
want to fuck-up this bitch-slut?... The slut sure hopes so. Come to the Cum
Stop, Big Daddy... Don't forget to bring some friends. The Cumbag has a hot
cunt, a tight ass and an empty belly, and it's thirsty as hell". Cumbag grinned
when the radio exploded in chatter to Big Daddy to join him with Cumbag as she
turned the radio off.

	Steve stopped along the shoulder of the freeway and told her to get out.
Cumbag got out of the van with an armload of signs. "See if you can get anyone
interested in fucking you, slut" he said as he drove away.

	Cumbag put up the first sign. It read 'FREE CUM-WHORE AHEAD'. Cars would
slow and gawk at the barely dressed young slut. Some of the drivers would honk
when they read 'FUCK-TOY' on her ass. Cumbag was disappointed no one stopped
yet. She usually had drivers stop for blowjobs when she did this.

	A little further down the freeway she put up the next sign. It read
'THIS WAY TO THE SLUT', but still no one stopped. As Cumbag was putting up the
third sign, 'CUM TARGET AHEAD', another car honked. Cumbag bent over completely
exposing her cunt and ass. Cumbag wiggled her ass and shoved two fingers in her
cunt. That driver continued on, but the next car did stop. Cumbag turned to face
the five teenagers in the car and sucked her cunt-juiced fingers.

	The driver hollered, "What'cha doing?" Cumbag removed her fingers from
her mouth and smiled at the gawking boys as she squeezed her tits.

	"I'm trying to get fucked. My name is Cumbag... I'm a fuck-pig. Would
you guys like to fuck a slut?... I'm good little fuck-toy... Wanna try this
whore out?" Cumbag said huskily as she pinched her nipples.

	The front passenger grinned, "Come here, cum catcher" he said reading
her top. The boys in the back started to laugh when she leaned in the car. Hands
came out of each window as they grabbed the whore. Fingers slipped into her wet
cunt and hands squeezed her ass. Cumbag moaned and rolled her hips as hands
found her tits. Two boys kneaded her tits as two others pulled at her nipples.

	"Uuuuhmmm... That's it! Yeah!... Treat me like a slut. That's all I
am!... MMmm... You can do anything to this cunt. Anything at all", she groaned
bringing laughter from the boys. The boy finger-fucking her cunt asked, "So
you're a cum catcher, huh? What does that mean". Cumbag fucked back on his
finger.

	"That means I LOVE cum! It's my favorite food. You and all of your
friends can do anything at all to me you want. MMmmm... You can fuck me two,
three, or more at a time... MMmmm... Do you like a slut to lick your ass? Oohh,
I hope so... I'm great ass-licker... You can hurt this slut if you want...
MmMMn... I'll even drink your piss... Ooohhh... Ever have a cunt drink your
piss? Here's you chance!... MMMmnn... I'll do that and MORE!... Would you boys
like to stick your cocks in this slut" Cumbag said with a wink. The passenger
opened his door and pulled Cumbag closer. She smiled as he pulled out a fat,
hard cock. Cumbag knew what to do. Cumbag knelt on the hard pavement and opened
her mouth. The boy grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her mouth over his
leaking cock.

	"Suck it, slut... Yeah... Open that fucking throat... uhhmmm... You
fucking whore" he rasped as he began to jerk her head up and down. Cumbag moaned
as his pre-cum leaked into her mouth. Two of the other boys grabbed the slut's
head also and yanked it back and forth.

	"Look at that fucking slut slobber all over Bill's cock!... Man she
sucks like a pig... Hey CUNT! Are you a fucking pig or what... What did you say
pig... Are you slut?... Answer me bitch!"

	Cumbag pulled the boy's cock out of her mouth and ran the wet cockhead
all over her face as she looked into the boy's eyes. "Oink... Oink... That's
just what this bitch is... A Pig... Oink... I'm a pig for cocks... I guess that
makes me a cock-pig... Huh?... Pigs eat slop... Come on... Feed this pig her
slop!" Cumbag swallowed his cock in one easy lunge. The boys laughed at the
little gurgling sounds the cunt made. Their abuses caused the slut to squirm in
the boy's lap.

	The driver jerked his cock as he watched Cumbag suck his friend's cock.
"What a fucking cunt... Slam her fucking mouth on that cock... Cunt!... I can't
wait to get a shot at this whore!"

	"Ohh, GODDAMN... The pig is making me cum... Take it slut!' the boy
screamed. Cumbag pulled the spit-wet cock out of her mouth just before he
unloaded. Cumbag gasped, "Watch the pig!". She stuck the tip if his cock in her
nostril as he dumped his cum. Cumbag looked each boy in the eye as her left
nostril filled with cum. The cunt then stuck his cock in the other one. When she
had stroked his cock for all of his cum she showed her face to the wide-eyed
boys. She then sucked the prick-snot through her sinuses and down her throat.
She lovingly licked the boy's cock clean as they called her nasty names.

	The driver pulled hard his cock, stroking it as he watched the nasty
sight before him. He came quickly, cupping his other hand over the shooting cock
to catch his load. He held his hand out to the slurping slut, "Hey bitch...
Cunt... Look what I have for the little slut!... Does the fucking pig want
it?... Ask me nice and I'll let the whore have it" Cumbag loved to be taunted
and the way these boys were treating her caused her cunt juice to roll down her
thighs.

	"Ooohhh... Please?... Pretty please?... Feed the slut-whore... Please
let the Cumbag have your sweet cum... Please?... May the slut have your cum?...
It looks so YUMMY!" Cumbag asked as she started licking the back of the boy's
hand. Cumbag looked at the boy as she continued to beg for the boy's cum.

	The boys laughed at her and called her every filthy name they could
think of. Cumbag flashed the boys a warm smile as her cunt juiced with every
nasty word they called her. One of the boys in the back seat tugged hard on her
left nipple and twisted it as hard as he could. Cumbag moaned and fucked her
cunt harder on the boy that was finger-fucking her cunt as a small orgasm washed
over her. But she HAD to have more cum. "Please... Call me nasty names... The
bitch loves it... Tell this slut what a sleazy cunt it is... I am a pig... I am
a slut and a whore... I'm just a slut-bitch" Her begging continued.

	"Please don't waste it... Slut-cunts like me need all of the cum they
can get... If you'll let the pig have your cum you can piss in my mouth... Would
you like that?... I get your cum and you get to have a whore drink every drop of
your piss... Well I guess I get to have your piss too, but everyone says my
mouth is better than any toilet... Want to find out? I'd love for you to piss in
my mouth, but... would you feed me you cum first?" Cumbag whined. The boy looked
at his friends and winked, "Well... OK... I guess you can have it since you
asked me nice, cunt... Then I'll let you have some piss."

	" Oh Thank You! You're such a nice boy... You'll love pissing down my
throat... MMmm... Time to feed the slut." Cumbag laughed and began to lap up cum
from his hand. Cumbag purred as she lapped up his cum like a kitten lapping up
milk. The boys kept laughing at her as she smacked her lips with every tongue
full of cum. She loved the way these boys treated her. They continued to maul
her tits and finger her cunt and ass, causing more orgasms in the lovely slut.
Cumbag licked away every trace of cum from the boy's hand. When he noticed she
had cleaned it all up, he grabbed he hair and drug her across his buddies lap,
to his cock. "Come here you fucking slut! I want to piss down your fucking
throat... You'd better be thirsty, bitch."

	"Thank you for letting this pig lick your cum... It was SOOO GOOOOD!
YUM!... The slut hopes you have a lot of piss... I'm one thirsty piss-whore" the
cunt said smiling. One of the boys in the back leaned over the seat and asked,
"Are you REALLY going to do it... Are you really going to piss in her mouth?"

	Cumbag smiled at the boy "Oohhh... I hope so... This cunt loves piss!...
If you need to piss please, let me have it." Cumbag looked back at the boy
pulling her hair. "Do it... Piss in my mouth... Show him how to treat a cunt."
The three boys in the back seat were leaned over the seat watching in amazement.
Cumbag looked at the three shocked faces and ginned wantonly. "Watch closely...
This is how a slut needs to be treated." She looked back at the driver and
licked her cum-stained lips. "Do it... Piss in my fucking mouth... Use me for
your piss-pot... Show these guys what I'm good for." Cumbag pleaded.

	The boy jerked her mouth to his cock with her hair. Cumbag tightened her
lips around his semi-hard cock moaning as she waited for the piss. The boy who's
lap she was lying across pulled her skirt to her waist. He picked up 16 oz.
Pepsi bottle from the floor of the car. "Spread your fucking legs, cunt" he said
with a slap to her ass. Cumbag moaned louder as she did as told. As hard as he
could, the boy crammed the bottle into her cunt as far as he could get it.

	Cumbag came as the boy began to piss in her mouth. Cumbag kept her lips
taut around his cock as she sucked down hot piss. The boy who had shoved the
bottle in her cunt started to spank her ass as hard as he could. Cumbag wiggled
her ass from side to side to encourage the boy. Her mind fogged as the rush of
piss went down her throat and her orgasm took over. In the distance, she could
hear the boys talking as her ass was beaten and her bottle-stuffed cunt leaked.

	"WOW!... Are you really pissing?" (Whack) "Don't spill a drop you slut"
"I've never seen any thing like it!" (Whack) "What a fucking WHORE!" (Whack) "
Do you think she'll let me piss in her mouth too? That is fucking wild!" (Whack)
"Don't be fucking stupid man... She's just a fucking slut... Of course you can
piss in her mouth... Shit! I bet ANY one can piss in her fucking mouth." (Whack)
"Hurry up man... I want to piss in the slut's mouth too... Hell I needed to piss
before you stopped for this 'cum-catcher' so fucking hurry up!" (Whack)

	The boy stopped spanking her ass and pulled the Pepsi bottle from her
cunt. He handed it to the boy who had said he needed to piss saying, "Here...
Piss in this... I have an idea!" Too soon, the boy ran out of piss, he grunted
sending a final spurt down her throat. "Get off my cock, you fucking pig!" he
said as he pulled her mouth off his cock with her hair. "You fucking slut!"
Cumbag made a display of licking her lips and running her tongue around the
outside of her mouth. The boy who had spanked her rubbed her red ass, admiring
the crimson handprints he had left.

	"Uuhhmm... That was GREAT! I LOVE to wash cum down with piss... MMmmm...
So Good!" Cumbag whimpered. She smiled at the boy who was rubbing her ass when
he slipped his finger in her now empty cunt. One of the boys in the back
shouted," FUCK... LOOK WHAT TIME IT IS!... SHIT! We have to fucking GO! Man...
God dammit... It figures I didn't get a shot at the slut... Just my damn luck...
Well we can't be late... Throw this fucking pig out and let's go." Cumbag hated
it when someone didn't get to fuck her.

	"Do you really have to go?... Please stay and fuck me... At least let
this slut suck your cocks... Please?... Please don't leave without letting this
pig have your cum... Don't you want to piss in my face?... I'm sorry you other
guys don't have time to fuck this cunt." Cumbag said in a hurt voice.

	"Do you guys know where the old rest stop is... I'll be there in an hour
or so. MMmmm... Come fuck me... Bring as many friends as you can... A cunt like
me needs LOTS of cocks. I have to finish putting up more signs now though...
Ooohh YESSS!" Cumbag came when the boy pulled his finger from her sopping wet
cunt and pinched her clit as hard as her could. They all gave her tight, sexy
body one last squeeze before they threw her out of the car like a bag of trash.

	Cumbag stood up from the freeway and knocked the small gravel off her
ass. As she pulled her skirt down over her red ass she smiled at the boys and
said, "Thanks... That was fun... I hope you guys can make it." The boy in the
back seat threw the piss-filled Pepsi bottle at the slut. "Here bitch! Here's a
little piss to drink... A piece of shit whore like you ought to like it!" Cumbag
picked up the bottle after it bounced off her head. "Thanks... You sure are
thoughtful of a pig-cunt. Come to the rest stop and you can piss directly into
my mouth." she giggled as she opened the bottle and took a big drink. "Uuhhmm...
Piss!... The drink of whores!" They drove away laughing with promises of
bringing more friends to fuck the whore. Cumbag stood on the shoulder trembling
as the waves of her orgasm washed over her.

	Cumbag walked shakily carrying her signs, sipping on piss. As she was
putting up the next sign, 'COME ONE, COME ALL, JUST CUM ON THE SLUT!' a
Tennessee Highway Patrolman stopped beside the bent over slut. He stared at her
red ass and wet bald cunt for a minute. Cumbag didn't know who had stopped and
wiggled her ass instinctively. The slut stood up quickly when he shouted at her.
"HEY!... What in the hell are you up to" he demanded. Cumbag smiled as she
opened the door and got into the police car.

	"Hi!... I'm not hurting anything. I'm Cumbag... That's my name... And
that's what I am... A cum-bag... I'm a walking cum-receptacle... Just a fucking
cum-dump. I'm a cunt in need of a BUNCH of cocks... MMmm... I like your
nightstick" she cooed as she picked it up and started licking it. "Do you like
sluts?" Cumbag pulled down the 'CUM-CATCHER' top exposing her huge tits. Cumbag
smiled sexily at the cop, squeezing her tits and licking the nightstick. "Do you
like sluts with big tits? Oohh, I hope so... See... Cumbag has big slut-tits...
Do you want to play with them?... Wanna play with the big slut-tits on this
cunt? That's what I am... I'm just a dirty little big titted slut-cunt... You
would you let this little fuck-toy suck your cock?... Please?... I'm a good
little cock-sucker. I really am... Let me show you" she whispered as she stopped
licking the nightstick and began to fuck her cunt with it. The Trooper grinned
as he pulled his huge cock from his pants. "Well little miss Cumbag, show me how
good of a cocksucker you are", he said pulling her head down. "Uuuhhmm... Yummy!
I'd LOVE to. My mouth IS just another cunt, you know... Oohhh, the slut hopes
your balls are full... MMmm... Do you have a lot of cum for the cunt?" Cumbag
answered in a little girl voice as she licked his cock-shaft, looking him in the
eye. The Trooper studied her for a minute. He snickered and grabbed the back of
her head and forced her mouth on her cock. Cumbag began to slobber as she sucked
his cock.

	"Take it slut. Yeah choke on it you fucking bitch... Fucking whore
slut!" the Trooper chuckled as he forced her mouth down his cock. He grabbed a
handful of her hair as he jerked her head up and down. The sounds of Cumbag
slobbering and sucking on his cock, and the squishing sounds the nightstick made
in her cunt, drowned out the chatter on his radio.

	"Uuuhhm... Your cock is SO GOOD!... Fuck my mouth-cunt" she begged
before slurping his cock back in. "Yeah... Fuck my whore's mouth hard... Feed
the slut!... mmmmppphh." The Trooper heard a call for him on the radio.
"SHIT!... Fucking assholes. FUCK! I gotta go... Hurry up cunt!" he shouted as he
yanked her head up and down his cock. Cumbag snorted as the first jet of hot,
thick cum squirted down her throat. Her tongue licked at the underside of his
cock as she sucked hard, siphoning every delicious drop from his balls. He
pulled her head off his cock as she rolled cum around in her mouth.

	"THAT WAS GREAT!... I love your cum!... Want to feed the slut some
more?... Do you have time to piss in my mouth?... Oh, That's to bad... I really
wanted you to piss in my mouth... Want to come to the old rest stop? You can do
anything you want to me... Hey!... You don't have one of those police dogs do
you?... Want to watch a slut suck a dog's cock?... Ever see a cunt drink dog
piss? Just bring it to the rest stop... Bring your buddies. I haven't been
gang-fucked by cops in a long time!... Here, I know you have to go, but let me
clean your cock and nightstick. We wouldn't want anyone to know you've been with
a slut." Cumbag licked and sucked his cock and nightstick cleaning every drop of
cum, cunt-juice and spit from them. The Trooper shoved her out of the car onto
the shoulder. As he spun away with blue lights flashing he shouted, "I'll see if
I can find anyone who wants to fuck a slut!"

	Cumbag walked down the freeway sipping on her piss-drink to the exit for
the rest stop where Steve had parked. Cumbag put up the last sign, 'EXIT NOW FOR
BITCH-SLUT'. Steve looked at the cum stain on 'CUM CATCHER' and laughed. "Well
at least you found someone who wants a cunt". Cumbag smiled at her owner;
"You're so good to this whore. I'm lucky to have you as my owner". Steve leaned
over and spit in her face. Cumbag smiled even wider.

	When they drove up to the rest stop Cumbag saw that Steve had already
been there. He had placed an easel along the walkway to the Men's room. Cumbag's
home for the next couple of days. The sign on the easel read:


CUMBAG RULES

PLEASE FUCK CUMBAG AS MUCH AS YOU WANT
PLEASE BE CONSIDERATE OF THE OTHER MEN
PLEASE KEEP REST ROOM CLEAN
PLEASE HAVE CUMBAG LICK UP ANY SPILLS
PLEASE TRY TO CUM ON THE CUMBAG
PLEASE RETURN ALL TOYS SO OTHERS MAY USE
BRING A FRIEND AND PETS ARE ALLOWED
REMEMBER THIS IS A SLUT! TREAT IT AS SUCH!

	Cumbag smiled at Steve, "Thank you, Sir. This will be so much fun".
Steve led her into the Men's room and chained her between two stalls. As Steve
was hanging a sign that read 'FREE SLUT' around Cumbag's neck a man came in.

	"Hi! I'm Alex. I'm here for the slut", he said. Cumbag flashed him a
sexy, inviting smile as Steve turned to face him. "Hi Alex. I'm Steve, Cumbag's
owner. I have to leave, but would you like to take over Cumbag for this?"

	Alex grinned as he looked over at the hanging beauty as she winked back
and licked her lips. "SURE! Sounds like fun", he answered. Steve walked over to
the cunt. "I'll be back to check on you. You do as you're told, pig. Your not
here just to have fun, slut. Remember, you're here to learn to stay awake when
you're gang-raped", Steve said as he slapped her face. "Yes Sir. I'll be a good
fuck-toy" Cumbag promised as Steve left.

	Alex grabbed her hair and looked into her smiling face,, "Well, well.
What are we going to do the bitch? Hmmm." Alex asked. As they heard the sounds
of approaching vehicles, Cumbag smiled back. "Anything!... Anything at all! And
everything I hope... Do anything to me that you have ever thought about doing to
a slut... Show me what a slut-whore is for... I'm a cocksucker, I'm ass-licker,
I'm toilet -slut... I'll be any kind of whore you want... Please, treat me like
the cunt I am"

	Alex smiled as he looked into the eager slut's eyes and mauled her tits.
He spit between her eyes as he twisted her nipples causing the coming slut to
roll her tight ass. As his spit rolled down the sides of her nose he chuckled,
"Count on it slut... You bet I will!"





Part 2


	Alex turned to face the men as they started to enter. Cumbag was
suspended between two stalls by her wrists. Around her neck was the sign that
read 'FREE SLUT'. Cumbag smiled at the group of men, hungry for their abuse,
hungry for their cocks.

	"Hi men... I'm Alex and this sack of shit is Cumbag. Cumbag, introduce
your stupid ass to these nice men who came all this way to gang-rape you, cunt."
Alex pulled Cumbag's toy box in front of the hanging slut as she spoke.

	"Hi guy's... I'm the slut named Cumbag... I'm a cumdump... I'm just a
dirty little cocksucking bitch-cunt... Ooohh... I hope you guys are ready to
fuck up a stupid cunt like me. Do anything to my whore's body you want to... I'm
here for your entertainment... All I ask is that you treat me like the cunt I
am... And make it hurt."

	Alex spoke to the men, "I know you guys are horny and in a hurry to cum
in this pig. But how about we drive this fucking cunt out of her mind before we
fuck her in the dirt. So why don't you guys take a look inside this slut's toy
box... There are a lot of things we can use on this bitch... And it's going to
be a lot of fun... For us at least!" Alex's laughter caused the other men to
laugh. Even Cumbag laughed with the men who were about to destroy her mind and
body. Cumbag couldn't wait.

	Alex untied the sexy slut and dragged her to the center of the rest
room. There he tied a rope into her long, shiny blonde hair. Next he tied the
other end of the rope to the sprinkler head in the ceiling. Cumbag's hands were
then tied behind her back. Cumbag had to stand on her toes to keep from pulling
her hair. Alex spat in her face and Cumbag opened her mouth for more. "Who wants
to help me show this cunt what kind of a fucking stupid slut it is?" Alex asked
the crowd of leering men. Every man in the room raised his hand. Cumbag giggled
like a little girl when they did.

	Alex faced the smiling slut. Cumbag smiled at him and said, "Do it!...
Show me what a stupid pig slut is for... Fuck me up!" Alex grinned and slapped
her face as hard as her could. Cumbag saw stars and grunted. "Ohh!... That was a
good hit... Want to hit this cunt again?" She asked. Alex just looked at the
disgusting slut for a moment. Alex backhanded her bringing a round of applause
from the crowd. When Cumbag turned her head back for him to hit her again, Alex
had another idea.

	He grabbed her chin and squeezed holding her head still. He pulled the
large permanent marker from his pocket and across her forehead he wrote 'CUMBAG'
in 2-inch letters. "A dumbass pig-cunt like you are probably too stupid to
remember your fucking name. Now... That should help everyone remember your name,
slut... What else can we write on that cum-dump you call a body?... Does anyone
want to help me mark this pig?" he asked the group of smiling men.

	 The men lunged for the box grabbing various markers as they hurried to
get in line. Other men began to circle the slut. They looked at Cumbag like she
was a piece of meat. Cumbag flashed them inviting smiles and winks as they
groped her tits and ass. Cumbag spoke to the circling predators.

	"YEAH!... Grab this slut's tits. That's good... Oohh, FUCK YEAH!
Finger-fuck this bitch's cunt... Hi!... Would you like to play with my other
slut-tit?... Mmmmm... Do you guys like these big tits?... mmmmmm... mmmmm... Do
you like the way I suck your finger? I can't wait until you give me your pretty
cocks to suck... YEAH!... Slap my fucking face again for being such a fucking
whore!... I hope you guys want fuck this slut into the dirt... Pull my other
nipple too. Sluts like to have their nipples pulled hard... YEAH! LIKE THAT!...
Oohh Thank you... How about you? Wanna see how hard you can twist a cunt's
tit?... OOOoohh... You do that GOOD!... Here!... Twist the other one... Ooohhh
GOD!... You made the bitch cum... Thank you!"

	A line formed in front of the dangling slut of men who wanted to mark
the whore. Other men crowded around the cunt, groping her body. Cumbag smiled
and begged the new men who were feeling her huge tits, pulling her nipples and
shoving fingers roughly into her bottom fuck holes.

	Alex stepped through the crowd of laughing men. He grabbed Cumbag's head
so that she faced the line of men in front of her. "See slut?... These nice men
want to help everyone know what a cunt you are... Is that OK with you, stupid?"
Alex asked. Cumbag looked at Alex. She wiggled her ass for the two men that were
shoving fingers in her ass.

	 "Thank You, Sir!... A stupid slut like me needs everyone to know that
she is just a bitch-cunt" Cumbag said to Alex. Alex slapped her face and said to
the crowd of men with the markers, "Mark this cunt!" As he stepped back into the
crowd, the crowd once again circled Cumbag.

	Cumbag laughed as she said, "Do it guys! Write on this pig!... Show me
what you think of me... Mark this slut so everyone knows what I am!" The truck
driver, Big Daddy, grabbed her hair yanking in her head hard to the left. Cumbag
felt her hair being pulled out, but she didn't care.

	"What'cha going to write on the cunt?... Write something really nasty on
me." Cumbag giggled. Big Daddy snarled, "I'm going to help these guys know where
to cum, bitch!" Big Daddy wrote 'CUM DUMP' in big black letters on her right
cheek with an arrow to her mouth. He laughed as he stepped back to allow the
next man up. The next man took Big Daddy's idea to the next step. He chuckled as
he drew a green circle that went around her nose and chin. The man behind him
yelled, "I see what you've got in mind... COOL... Here... Let me do the next
one." He drew a smaller circle in red inside the green one. He turned to the
next man and said, "See what we're doing?" He did. That man drew a smaller
circle in blue that went around Cumbag's full, wet lips. All of the men
applauded when the next man wrote in black 'CUM TARGET' inside the first two
lines.

	Cumbag giggled at the tickling sensation of the markers. She smiled when
she heard what they had drawn on her pretty face.

	"Cum target... That's what this pig is... Who wants to shoot at it
first?... Who's going to score a bullseye in this cum-cunt's face first?... Your
little slut cum target is waiting!" she said in an inviting voice. But the men
weren't finished with their artwork.

	One man wrote 'COCK SOCKET' on her left cheek. Another wrote 'CUM DRAIN'
on her throat when Alex removed her sign. He figured Cumbag wouldn't need it any
more. Alex took a pair of scissors from the toy box and cut off her top and
skirt. The men rushed forward to mark the laughing slut.

	On the top of her left tit one man wrote 'PLEASE PULL HARD" in blue. On
the side of it another had written 'PLACE PLIERS HERE' with an arrow to her
nipple. On her right tit another wrote, "PLEASE HURT" in black. On her chest,
just above her huge, firm tits a man wrote 'SEWER' in red with an arrow going
between her tits to her hard stomach. On her shaved cunt someone had written in
green, 'PLEASE FILL WITH CUM'. Next to that was 'WILL YOUR HAND FIT?' in red
with an arrow pointed to her open, dripping cunt. On her left leg was written,
'PLACE BEHIND SLUT'S HEAD', and so it went on until Cumbag's hanging body was
covered in every degrading comment imaginable. The men stood back and admired
there handiwork as the complimented each other on their work.

	Cumbag looked down at all of the writings and laughed even harder as she
read what she could. "Sewer... That's right... CUM PIG, Definitely... COCK TOY,
Always... CUNT, Of course... Oohh... You guys are so good to this little slut...
Now everyone will know what a bitch-cunt like me is for... Now... Are you all
ready to fuck this pig into the dirt?... Are you ready to splatter the 'CUM
TARGET'?... Don't forget to make this cunt lick up everything that drips from
it's slut body... Come on... Please don't make this little whore wait... FUCK
ME!... PLEASE!... FUCK THIS SLUT!... Come on... I'm tied up... Who wants to rape
this piece of shit cunt?... Please!... Pretty please! RAPE ME!... RAPE THE
CUNT!" she wailed. But Alex had other plans before he turned the mob of men
loose on the hanging, begging slut. Cumbag writhed in her ropes, slowly rotating
her ass as she continued to beg the men to rape her.

	A man named Michael was the first to step up to the slut. He showed her
the pliers in his hand and smirked. "Do you know what I'm going to do with
these... Hmmm... Do you slut?" he asked as he moved them slowly in front of her
eyes. Cumbag's eyes followed the moving pliers as he waved them back and forth.
As she wiggled around all of the hands that were feeling her sexy body she
looked Michael in his eyes and whispered. "I don't know... And I don't care. Do
anything with them you want... See this big slut tits of mine?... Why don't you
pinch them with them... MMMmmm... This cunt would LOVE that!"

	A dreamy look washed over Cumbag's face when Michael closed the pliers
around her left nipple. Michael laughed when she started to cum. " Oh!... The
slut likes that, huh. Let's see how much the whore likes this." He asked as he
squeezed harder. Cumbag howled.

	"FUCK YEAH!... HARDER! HARDER!... HURT THE SLUT!... MMMMmmm... You're
hurting my slut tits so GOOD!... Do it some more... Treat this pig like the
cunt-whore it is... Hurt this bitch... Hurt this cunt GOOD!" Cumbag begged
Michael. Michael released her nipple and slowly dragged the pliers over her
tits.

	"NOOO!... Don't stop... Hurt my fat slut-tits... Please don't stop
lover... Hurt my cow-tits... Pinch them... Grab them with your pliers and twist
them... Please!" the whore begged.

	Cumbag wiggled her tits as well as she could with all of the hands
already squeezing them. She then tried to thrust her hips out, pushing her cunt
forward to Michael. That was also nearly impossible with all of the fingers
fucking in and out of her tight cunt, but Michael was amused at the attempt.

	"How about my cunt?... Have you ever thought about using pliers on some
stupid slut's cunt?... Here's your chance!... Go for it!... Ooohh... It would
make this little pig cum SOOooo good!... Do it lover!" Cumbag teased. Michael
laughed at her suggestions and prolonged Cumbag's suspense by dragging the
pliers all over her body.

	 An old man with no teeth who was foraging around in her toy box
exclaimed "HEY! Would you boys look at this!" Cumbag turned her attention away
from Michael to look. The old man was holding a huge dildo. It was black, 18
inches long and nearly 8 inches around with small spikes that stuck out in a
spiral from the handle to the head. Cumbag giggled as she spoke to him.

	"That's my 'bitch dildo'... That's for when I act like a bitch." Then in
a little girl, pouting voice she asked, "Am I being a good little fuck-bitch?...
Hhmmm... Want to fuck this little bitch with it? I think this little bitch NEEDS
to be fucked by it... Don't you guys?... Go on!... Cram that thing up my
slut-cunt!" Cumbag flashed the laughing men a warm smile as she spread her legs
for the old man. Cumbag watched as he walked toward her with the evil looking
dildo and the scowl on his face. Men pulled their hands out of the way as he
slowly pushed it in her cunt. Cumbag started to cum again as she was fucked with
the spiked dildo.

	 "FUCK ME!... Fuck this bitch-cunt with her dildo... OOOohhh!... You do
that SO GOOD!... This is how to fuck a cunt-bitch... MORE!... Do more to the
slut... Somebody!... Slap this pig... HURRY... I'M CUMMING... HURT THIS CUNT'S
TITS!... OOHH! THANK YOU!" Cumbag screamed as three men slapped her face and a
man whipped her tits with his belt.

	Michael stepped up with his pliers. As he pinched her nipple as hard as
he could the man with the dildo shoved it in even deeper. Cumbag moaned as she
continued to cum as the man with the dildo began to fuck her harder with it.
Cumbag could feel every spike as it stretched her cunt. A man had pulled a small
whip from the toy box and was whipping her ass. Other men joined in with other
paddles and even their own belts as they too, whipped the bouncing whore.

	 A man had found a life-sized dildo shaped like a man's fist and arm.
The men whipping her hard, tanned ass stopped to let him thrust it up her
asshole. He crammed it in almost to the end, where a man's elbow would be.
Everyone laughed and pointed at Cumbag as she shivered and came. When he stepped
back 7 men started whipping the cumming whore. As another orgasm started to wash
over her, Cumbag felt her hair pulling out. She screamed.

	"YES!... OH GOD YES!... HURT THE PIG!" she screamed as the orgasm passed
over her. In that dream-like state she could still feel the pain. She could
still hear the men. She loved it.

	"Whip that cunt's ass!" "Pull on that whore's nipple HARD, man!" "LOOK
AT THAT SLUT!" "What a fucking slut-bitch" "Make that cunt beg for it" "PIG!"
"WHORE"

	A man looked at the fist dildo sticking out of her ass for a moment and
smiled. He looked at one of the men whipping her ass and said, "Watch this!" He
kicked the fist dildo as hard as he could, driving it deep into her ass. Cumbag
gasped and screamed.

	"YYEEESSS!!!... OH GOD!... OOHHH FFUUUCK!!!... AGAIN!... DO IT AGAIN!...
GODDAMN THAT WAS GOOD!... KICK THAT FUCKING DILDO TILL IT COMES OUT OF MY
COCKSUCKING MOUTH!"

	Men started taking turns kicking the dildo. With every kick Cumbag's
feet would leave the floor. When she came down, a little more of her hair would
be pulled out. With every kick Cumbag would cum and gasp when they kicked it.
The old man with the spiked dildo was growing tired fucking her cunt with it and
let another man have a try. "Now son, the bitch will wiggle for you real good if
you twist it" the old man suggested. "Thanks Pops... I'll keep that in mind" the
new man answered as he began to fuck Cumbag.

	Michael kept pinching all over both of Cumbag's huge tits as the cunt
moaned and thrashed. When a man found another pair of pliers and started
pinching her clit, Cumbag went wild again.

	"YESSSS... OOHhh... Pinch this slut's tits... Pinch this whore's cunt...
Oooohh... whip the trash-whore... Oohh... Please... Kick that thing in my ass
again... YEAH!... Like that... Do it again!... Twist that bitch-dildo in this
bitch's cunt... Uuuhhmmm... so fucking GOOD!... Pinch my tits some more...
Please." Cumbag passed out again as a huge orgasm rocketed through her. She came
to as the men decided it was time for a new game. Someone had pulled the fist
dildo from her ass and was hitting her face with it. The men pointed and laughed
at her as she tried to lick it when in slammed into her face. The man hitting
her with the dildo stopped and asked, "What do you want pig?" Cumbag answered
him as he dragged it across her face.

	"The fist dildo... Please let Cumbag clean it... I'll clean it good... I
promise... Make do NASTY things... Please!" she whined. With a chuckle he said
simply, "Open slut". Cumbag did what she was told and he tried to force it in
her mouth. There was no way to make it fit, but it was amusing the way her mouth
was stretched around the knuckles of it. She licked the glistening dildo like a
kid licking an ice-cream cone. "Hey, this is fun and all, but I'm ready to fuck
this cunt" a man shouted. It seemed everyone was ready to try her fuck holes.
Alex stepped back up to Cumbag as the dildo was yanked from her mouth.

	"OK slut. It seems we're ready to fuck you some... What do you say,
bitch?" he asked. Cumbag worked her jaw as she looked at the crowd of men.
Several of them were pulling their cocks from their pants. Cumbag loved it when
a man would just pull his cock through his fly. It made her feel like even more
of a slut then. Cumbag gazed at cocks of every size, color, and description. She
couldn't wait to have them all, but she knew her manners.

	As the feeling returned to her mouth, she looked around at the men,
"Thank you for everything you've done to this whore so far... I've loved all of
it... Thank you for writing such sweet words all over my slut body. Now all of
you know what kind of a slut-whore I am... And so will new men when they come...
I loved the way my slut-tits and slut-cunt were pinched. I do hope you want to
do that some more... I loved my spiked bitch-dildo... That is how a bitch like
me should always be fucked. And I loved the way you guys would kick that big
fist-dildo in my ass... I swear... I think I came every time you kicked it in
me... The whipping was great too!... If any of you wanted to whip a slut and
didn't get a chance to do it before, you can do it to this cunt any time. Just
grab something and start wearing this cunt out." As Cumbag was thanking the men
Alex untied her hair but left her hands tied behind her back. When she had
finished thanking the men Alex shoved her to the floor. Looking up from the
floor, Cumbag watched as the men closed in on her. Spit drooled from her
watering mouth as she stared up at the forest of cocks that surrounded her. Alex
pulled her to her knees by her hair, "OK Slut... Let's see how good of a
cocksucker you are." Cumbag couldn't wait to show them all.

	Cumbag looked from cock to cock and from man too man licking her mouth
invitingly. "Ohhh! Pretty cocks... Pretty, pretty cocks! Please let the slut
suck them... Someone cram one in my mouth... Choke this whore... My mouth is
just another cunt, you know... Just fuck my mouth like it's a cunt... Let me
show you how good of a cocksucker I am... Who's first?" Cumbag asked as she held
her mouth open for the men to fuck.

	An old black man stepped up with a huge cock that hung almost to his
knees. Cumbag stared at the blue-black cock for a moment, then lunged forward
capturing it in her wet, hot mouth. ""Mmmmm... Ugghh... mmmmm" Cumbag moaned
around the cock. Cumbag fought to keep her balance as she began to slam her head
up and down on the grinning man's cock ever faster. The old man kept his hands
in his pockets as the young, white slut at his feet slaved to please him. When
Cumbag looked up at him, with her slobber oozing from her mouth, and winked he
laughed. "Dat's de way to do it, little miss white ho... White Ho's like you sho
do like dat nigga dick, don't 'cha?... SLUT!" the old man chuckled.

	Cumbag released his cock to say, "YES SIR!... Little white Ho's like me
belong down here on their knees sucking those beautiful black cocks... This is
what this little cum-slut is for... Slap this bitch in the face with that lovely
cock sir... Then... Cram my fucking throat with it... Fuck my slut's throat like
the white cunt it is... If this little white pig starts to choke... Then fuck
it's fucking mouth even harder... Everyone says it's fun to fuck my mouth when
I've passed out... They say it feels even more like a cunt then... I can't wait
'till you dump your load down my cum hungry throat... Use this white-trash for
your cum-dump... That's all I am... See?" Cumbag turned her head to show him
where 'CUM DUMP' had been written on her cheek.

	The old black man chuckled as he slapped her face with his heavy cock.
Cumbag loved the loud wet slapping sounds it made. She kept her mouth wide open
for when he tired of hitting her and was ready to fuck her mouth again. After a
few minutes of slapping her with his cock he stopped. He held it by the base,
holding it just out of reach for the whore

	"PLEASE!... Let me suck it!... This white slut-cunt needs to suck your
beautiful cock... Please don't keep it from this pig... Shove your pretty cock
in this cunt-mouth of mine." Cumbag whined. Cumbag's prayers were answered when
two men grabbed her full, bruised tits and pulled her forward. She lost her
balance and the huge, black cock speared her mouth. Cumbag swallowed his cock
all the way down to his cock-hair as her throat bulged. When Cumbag got every
inch of his cock down, she shook her head from side to side.

	 The men encircling the young beauty stopped stroking their cocks and
applauded as the rained their compliments down on her.

	 "That's it, take it all the way down, fucking whore!" "Do what the slut
said man!... Fuck her mouth like a cunt!" "I hope that bitch has a big
stomach!... We sure gotta lot of cum for it !"

	 The old black man began to breathe harder and faster. He began to fuck
his cock in and out of the young slut's throat. He fucked her mouth so hard
Cumbag regained her balance. As much as she loved being impaled on his cock, it
was more fun for her to be able to fuck his cock with her head. Cumbag's mouth
started to water as the trickle of his pre-cum turned into a stream. Cumbag
wished her hands were free so she could massage his balls. Then she remembered.
Her hands were bound behind her but that made no difference. The man had just
pulled his cock through his fly and started fucking the naked slut's mouth. She
wouldn't have been able to massage those sweet cum-filled balls anyway.

	"Oh yeah, little Ho!... Suck dat big, ole, black cock!... Dat's my
white-bitch!" he said as he began to fuck her mouth faster. Cumbag heard the
circle of men as they shouted encouragement to the old black man.

	"Cum in that white slut!" "Show that pig what white whore's are for!"
"CHOKE HER MAN!" "Dump your jizz in that bitch's throat." "TAKE IT, WHORE!"

	The old man was about to cum. He shouted, "TAKE... THAT... NIGGA...
JIZZ!" as he balls spewed cum in the cunt's throat. The first jet of cum went
directly into the Cumbag's belly. The slut quickly pulled the cock out of her
throat so the head of his cock was in her mouth. Cumbag licked the head of the
spasming cock as spurt after spurt of hot cum filled her mouth. Cumbag mewled at
the wonderful flavor of fresh cum, "MMmmmmm... UHHNNnnn", as her cheeks bulged
with the huge cumload. When his cock finished dumping his cum into her mouth,
Cumbag had an idea. As his cock slipped from her lips Cumbag opened her mouth so
all of the men could see that her mouth was full of cum. After she showed them
she gulped his cum down as noisily as she could. When her mouth was free of cum,
Cumbag licked her lips.

	"Who wants to feed the nasty little cum-sucker next... Hmmm... That was
so YUMMY!... Give this cum-pig some more cock-slop... Dump your load in this
Cumbag!... I LOVE cum!... Who wants to use the cum-dump next... I'm such a nasty
little fuck-pig... Fuck-pigs need lots of pig-slop... I love to slurp down big,
lumpy loads of sticky cum... So Please feed the little slut piggy... How about
you?... Are you ready to dump your jizz in this cunt's face?... Want to feed
this nasty slut your cum?... Do it... Just empty those balls in my Cumbag of a
mouth!" she teased.

	That was too much for three teen-age boys and two of the men. They
pointed their shooting cocks at the kneeling, begging slut just in time. The
first jet caught Cumbag off guard as it sealed her left eye. Another split her
face down the middle with a thick silvery stripe. One boy, Todd, yelled, "I got
a bullseye" as his cum squirted straight into Cumbag's mouth. Dead center of the
bullseye that had been drawn on her face. Cumbag went wild at the new cum in her
mouth and opened her mouth as she moved her head around trying to catch more.
But the boys had other ideas. They made sure the rest of their cum didn't go in
her mouth. Instead they splattered Cumbag's face. As cum slapped down on her
face from every direction, Cumbag pleaded with the boys and men.

	 "MY MOUTH!... PLEASE!... Nnooo... please!... cum in the slut's mouth...
please... feed the pig... my mouth... the slut's mouth... cum in the bitch's
mouth... feed the slut more... please... just one more squirt in my
mouth-cunt... just a little more cum... more... more... more cum... more cum...
Feed the whore... please!" Cumbag whined as she rolled her head from side to
side trying to catch cum.

	 She licked her chin and lips and got a little. Once she even caught the
end of a spurt. But that wasn't nearly enough. Soon the boys and men's cocks
were empty. They each in turn stuck their cocks in the cunt's mouth for her to
clean. Cumbag nursed on their cocks like a calf at its mother. When she cleaned
a cock, she would look up at its owner and say, "Thank you for letting this
worthless pig-slut have your cock and cum... Please... Come fuck my mouth any
time you want to dump a load of cum in a bitch-slut... Thank you!" Thick strands
of cum dripped from her face to her tits.

	 When Todd's cock was clean he grabbed Cumbag's hair and jerked her head
so that Cumbag's face was up. She almost toppled forward, but Todd just yanked
on her head harder to keep the bound slut upright As cum dripped from her chin,
Cumbag smiled warmly at the teen-ager. "You're welcome, you fucking cunt!" he
shouted as he spit between her eyes. Cumbag's head jerked a little when his spit
splattered her face.

	She smiled, "Oohh... Thank You, Sir... It's so nice for you to spit on
this trash-whore!... Do it again!... Spit on this bag of garbage... Spit on this
worthless bitch-cunt!" When Cumbag opened her mouth for him to spit again, Todd
slung her head down in disgust. "Fucking crazy whore" he said as he walked away.
One of the other men said "Hey!... That looks like FUN to me... Come here cunt!"
He pulled her face up and spit in her left eye. Cumbag moaned as her eye closed
in reflex. "Uuhhmm... That's the way to treat a slut... Does anyone else want to
spit on this fucking cunt?... Come on... Don't be shy... Treat me like the
fuck-piggy I am... Spit on this whore!" Cumbag asked the circle of hard-cocked
men as she looked around. Some did.

	Cumbag giggled as she kept her face up for the torrent of spit. Spit
splattered her from all sides. The men laughed at her and called her filthy
names as the idea of spitting on the kneeling slut appealed to more and more of
the men. Some men would jerk her head by her hair to make her face a better
target for their spit. Others would just crowd around the whore not caring where
they spit. As long as their spit fell somewhere on the bitch they were happy.
All of the while, Cumbag kept encouraging the lust crazed men to defile her
slut-body.

	"Spit on the slut!... Treat this whore like the piece of shit it is!...
Oohh... I'm such a nasty fucking slut-bitch... Damn!... I LOVE it!... Spit in my
mouth!... Please!... More of you!... More of you spit in my mouth!... MMmmm...
Splatter this cunt!... Oh, that's the way!" Cumbag wailed as she rolled her head
around so everyone had a chance to spit n her face. Spit dripped from her ears.
Spit dripped off of her nose onto her extended tongue. Her whole body glistened
from spit, sweat and cum. The cunt loved it. After about 15 minutes the men were
ready to use her mouth some more. A fat man about 50 dropped his pants and stuck
his ass in her face.

	"Hey!... Somebody shove that slut's face up my ass... Hey bitch... Lick
my fucking ass, you pig-whore-slut!" he shouted. A young Hispanic man grabbed
Cumbag's head and crammed her face in the man's huge ass. "Do what he said,
cunt!... Lick that fucking asshole" he snarled as he rolled her pretty face in
the man's ass. Cumbag moaned as her face was trapped in the man's ass cheeks.
She inhaled deeply, loving the earthy scent of the fat man's ass. As the
Hispanic man laughed he pushed harder and harder. Cumbag's tongue came out of
her mouth and into the man's asshole.

	 "Yeah!... That's it!... Stick your fucking tongue up my ass, bitch!...
That's a good little cunt!... Fucking slut... Lap it!... Lap it just like the
dog-whore you are!" he screamed as he rolled his ass in her face. The Hispanic
laughed at the moaning and loud slurping sounds Cumbag made as she eagerly
cleaned the man's foul ass and said "You like?... Little white pig-slut like?...
Sure sounds like it to me, bitch! Eat that ass like a good whore... You want to
be a good little ass-licking whore for us, don't you cunt?" He heard Cumbag
mumbling and told the crowd of laughing men, "Listen... I think the ass-licker
is trying to tell us something." The men grew quiet as they strained to hear to
moaning slut as she spoke into the man's ass in between licks.

	"yeth... the thlut loved tho eath assth... Ith wanth tho be a good
ass-licker". The crowd exploded in laughter at Cumbag's ramblings. Suddenly the
fat man pulled his ass out of Cumbag's face, turned and screamed "FUCKING
WHORE-CUNT" He pointed his cock and Cumbag's face as a giant wad of cum
splattered her upper lip. Cumbag's head jerked in surprise. The Hispanic grabbed
her spit-wet ears and held her head firm "Don't fucking move slut!... Take his
cum all over your fucking face, bitch... Go on man... She'll take it... Splatter
this slut GOOD!" The fat man squirting cum in her face grunted and cursed as her
stroked his cock "Fucking trash slut... uugghh... take it... fucking bitch!"
When he was finished cumming on the slut he stepped back into the crowd. Cumbag
kept her tongue out so everyone could see the huge load of cum that dripped off
of her tongue.

	A black man shoved his cock into her mouth without a word. He began to
fuck her mouth like a cunt. With every thrust he forced the mouth full of cum
deeper down her throat. Cumbag's throat worked to swallow all of the cum. He
didn't even touch her. He just thrust his cock all the way into her throat until
her nose was embedded in his pubic hair. Then he'd pull it all the way out of
her mouth. Cumbag turned her mouth into a cunt for him. She waited patiently
with her mouth formed onto a 'O' for his next thrust. A chorus erupted around
the cocksucking pig as he fucked her mouth as deep as he could.

	"FUCK THE CUNT-MOUTH... FUCK THE CUNT-MOUTH... FUCK THE CUNT-MOUTH....
FUCK THE CUNT-MOUTH... FUCK THE CUNT-MOUTH"

	Cumbag's eyes went wide as he came unexpectedly. Cum shot from her nose,
cascading onto the thick, black cock as it continued fucking her mouth. Cumbag
struggled to breathe. She inhaled cum back through her sinuses and down her
throat. The way he was fucking her mouth she couldn't even swallow. She just
relaxed her throat and let his cum slid into her stomach. When she had finally
cleared her cum-clogged nose, he was finished with the slut. As he stuck his
now-clean cock back into his pants and zipped his fly, Cumbag whispered "Thank
you, Sir... Thank you for fucking this white whore's mouth... This white cunt's
mouth is just another cunt... Please come fuck it again, Sir." Cumbag looked at
the man as he left. She thought 'He never said a word. Why didn't he call me
cunt or slut?' Cumbag quit wondering when two cocks were forced into her mouth
at the same time. "Uuhhmmph" was all she could say.

	The two men snickered as one stuck his cock in her mouth. The other
began to wedge his cock in beside his friends. A man waiting his turn at the
whore offered his help by grabbing Cumbag's full upper lip and pulling. The pain
of him stretching her lip like that caused Cumbag's eyes to water. But she was
grateful for the man helping her get her mouth around the two cocks. She thought
'Such a nice man. Later I'll suck his cock so good!' Cumbag snorted as she
sucked air through her nose and licked the underside of the two cocks in her
mouth. Men laughed at the way her cheeks bulged and her lips were pulled tight
around the two cocks. Men on either side of her head grabbed handfuls of her
long, blonde hair and rolled it into pigtails. Then the men worked together as
they used her pigtails to pull her mouth onto the cocks.

	"Fucking bitch!... Can't you get our cocks in that fucking hole of
yours!... Come on cunt!... You can do better than that!" the two men cursed as
they tried to fuck her mouth. Cumbag couldn't get more of the cocks in her mouth
even with the other two men rocking her head by her pigtails. She had to
entertain the men. They were so sweet to stick their cocks in her mouth.
Franticly, Cumbag worked her wet tongue over the two cocks trying to tease some
cum from them. The crowd of men cursed the Cumbag. Some of them would grab at
her huge swaying tits. Others would pinch and pull her nipples. Some would spit
on her. Occasionally a belt would whistle through the air to leave a whelp on
her ass.

	One man thought of a way to help the whore get the two cocks in her
throat where they belonged. He started pounding the back of her head with his
fists. Cumbag whimpered as he tried to hammer her mouth onto the cocks. He even
tried to synchronize with the two men pulling her head with her pigtails. It was
no use. But Cumbag did appreciate his effort.

	A Marine in uniform had an idea. He stepped behind the slurping slut and
admired her tanned, firm young ass. While the men pulled her pigtails to force
her mouth further on the cocks. While the man pounded on the back of her head to
help get the cocks in her mouth deeper. The Marine kicked Cumbag in the cunt as
hard as he could. Cumbag came as the heavy boot crushed her clit. The men
watching applauded. The Marine shouted at the slut as he kicked her cunt, "This
makes you cum, cunt?... Is that right?... Have another cum, pig!... I know...
I'm so good to the little bitch... You be sure to thank me later, slut... It's
hard work kicking your slutty cunt... Fucking pig!" Cumbag slurped around the
two cocks in her mouth. The kick did help get a little more of the cocks in her
mouth. Cumbag wiggled her ass an encouragement to the Marine to kick her cunt
again as she tried to suck more of the cocks into her mouth. As she licked the
two dripping cock heads the men laughed at her. The men whose cocks were in her
mouth chucked at the loud slurping sound Cumbag made around their cocks. Several
of the men took their turn at kicking Cumbag's cunt. She came with almost every
kick. A cowboy stepped up for his turn.

	"Now, Y'all watch this... This here is how to kick a slut's cunt" the
cowboy said in a deep southern drawl. He drew his foot back as far as he could
and kicked. Cumbag's eyes went wide and she shook her head from side to side,
the pointed toe of his boot rocketed straight into her cunt. The cowboy's boot
went in halfway and became stuck. Cumbag passed out as she came. If she didn't
have the two cocks impaling her mouth she would have fallen forward on her face.
The owners of the cocks in her mouth applauded. With her passing out her throat
had relaxed a little allowing a little more of their cocks in her mouth and her
tongue spasmed on their cocks.

	The cowboy grabbed a hand full of her hair and yelled. "You fucking
cunt!... Give me my fucking boot back you shitting whore... Goddamn you!... You
better not had fucked up my new boots!" As her tried to free his boots from her
gripping cunt the men around him laughed hysterically. Suddenly the two cocks in
her mouth began to squirt cum. The thick salty cum brought her back to
consciousness as she coughed. Her throat and tongue worked together to tease
every drop of their cum from their balls down to her stomach. Down to where cum
belonged.

	"That's it, you fucking cum-cunt... Drain our balls, you whore... Hurry
up cunt... There are still a lot if cocks waiting to dump in your cocksucking
mouth, pig-slut!" they screamed. They pulled their cocks out of her mouth with a
loud PLOP. Men stepped up to her face and began to rub their cocks all over her
face. Cumbag looked around at the group of hard-cocked men standing around her
face, teasing the drooling slut with their dripping cocks. Men kicked her cunt
and used their belts and whips on her tits, ass and cunt. With every kick,
Cumbag's tits would bounce around, bringing shouts from the men to kick her
harder. They did. Cumbag wagged her tongue and leaned forward trying to catch a
cock in her mouth. When she would get close to one, its owner would pull it back
from the slut. Others would rub their cocks around her lips, allowing Cumbag
only a quick taste of their cocks.

	"Nooo... PLEASE... FUCK MY MOUTH!" Cumbag would beg. Some men would spit
in the whore's face when they pulled their cocks from reach. Some would slap her
face when they denied the cunt their cocks. They all made fun of the groveling
bitch. And men continued to kick her wet, swollen cunt. And still the Cumbag
begged. Still the slut came.

	"Yes!... Kick the slut!... Mmmmm... Sir?... Please feed this cunt-kicked
slut your cock... Please Sir... I'm a good little cocksucker... See the cum
dripping off of this slut's face? That shows I'm a good cock-puppy... OOHH! FUCK
YEAH!... KICK THIS WHORE"S FUCKING CUNT AGAIN!... Please Sir... Shove your cock
all the way down my throat... Ooh... This cunt NEEDS a cock to suck... Sir, May
this fucking whore-slut have your wonderful cock in it's mouth-cunt?... Please
feed this bitch your cock... I'm just a Cumbag, you know... Want me to catch
your cum?... Squirt your load toward my face... I bet this slut can catch it!"
she begged.

	 A slap to Cumbag's face stopped her begging. "That's right!... Slap
this pig's face while her cunt's kicked" Cumbag moaned as she looked up into
Alex's grinning face. Alex slapped her face again. Cumbag lost her balance and
fell on her face. As Cumbag's eyes focused she found herself staring at a small
puddle. While men took turns kicking her cunt, Cumbag stuck her tongue into the
slimy pool. She moaned when she tasted that it was cum. Cumbag giggled as she
leaned forward encircled the puddle with her lips and sucked the cooling puddle
of cum into her mouth. As she was sucking up the gooey treat some one placed his
boot on her neck. As her face was smashed into the floor Cumbag heard a familiar
voice. It was Alex.

	"Hey bitch! Miss me?... So far you've done a fair job, but we're just
getting started" he said as he ground his boot into her neck. As men continued
to kick her cunt Cumbag was able to slightly shift her head under Alex's boot.
When she was facing his other boot she stuck her tongue out and began to lick
his other boot. Alex laughed as he looked down at the moaning slut as she licked
his boot. "Now that's an idea!" he chuckled. He stepped off of her neck. Cumbag
welcomed the rush of fresh air into her lungs but licking the filthy floor and
his boot was fun. Her hands were untied and she was flipped onto her back. Her
eyes focused on the smirking faces of the men surrounding her. Cumbag flapped
her arms as the feeling returned and grinned up at the men.

	"Oooohhhh... That was fucking GREAT!... What are you going to do this
slut-bitch now?... Huh? Something really NASTY I hope!... HEY!... I KNOW!... Who
wants their ass licked?... Anybody?... MMMMMmmm... This bitch is a GOOD
ass-licker... Somebody... Anybody... Sit on this slut's head and I'll shove my
fucking tongue as far up your tasty ass as I can... It'll be GREAT!" Cumbag
moaned as she displayed her thick, wet tongue. She wiggled it like a pink snake
for the men as some of them started dropping their pants.

	A shadow passed over Cumbag's upturned face as a young black man sat on
her face. He and Cumbag both moaned as her tongue slid into his asshole. The man
grunted and started smearing his ass on her face. Her legs were stretched out
and her legs were pulled toward her head. Alex went to her toy box and returned
with a box of rubbers. He chuckled "It's ass-fucking time!" as he tossed the
rubbers into the crowd.

	"Hey... Do you guys care if he fucks her ass first?" a man asked as he
pointed to a pimply-faced boy of about 13. He continued "That's my son, John...
He's never had a shot at a real pig before. When we saw the signs on the
free-way telling about this, I thought it'd be a good chance for him to see a
real fuck-pig in action." The men shouted their approval.

	"Go for it kid!" "Yeah man... Fuck that slut's ass!" "Go on... Hell
we'll all fuck this bitch's ass before we're done." "Hey kid!... Really pound
that ass, OK?" "YEAH!... Rip it UP!" The man led his son between Cumbag's
out-stretched legs as the men whooped and yelled their encouragement.

	The man on her face started rocking back and forth. Cumbag lapped his
filthy ass like a dog. Her mouth watered at the wonderful taste of his musky
ass. He grabbed a big, firm tit in each hand for more leverage. "Eat my ass...
Fucking white pig... My fucking ass taste good to you, slut?" he asked as he
crushed her tits in his strong hands. Cumbag moaned in his asshole causing him
to snicker. Cumbag drilled her tongue deep in his ass, cleaning every trace of
shit from his shit-chute.

	"Hey Dad?... uuuhh... How do I do this?" the boy asked his father as he
slipped the condom over his small cock. "Don't worry son... This is one of the
things dads do... Now... The first thing to remember is... This is a pig...
OK?... It's not really a girl, it's a cunt. So don't worry about hurting it...
You got the rubber on? Good!... I'll show you what to do with the rubber after
you fuck this whore. Now just cram your cock in her fucking ass... NO! Don't
slide it in. SHOVE IT!... YEAH! ATTA BOY!... When sluts jerk like that you know
they like it. Right bitch?" Everyone laughed at the way Cumbag's reply 'yes sir'
was muffled by the man's ass. Men slapped the boy on the back as Dad continued
and Cumbag slurped on her face-full of ass.

	"Now just fuck it as hard as you can... Remember... Sluts like this want
it hard. Shit, son. Cunt's like this NEED it hard... Like that... Good boy...
Slam fuck this whore... Fuck this pig hard!" Dad said as the boy closed his eyes
and fucked Cumbag's ass as hard as he could. He loved the way her ass muscles
seemed to grip his cock. Suddenly the boy's eyes flew open as he felt his cock
explode "Aaaarrrgg... Daddy!... I'm c... c... cumming!... Oh Shit!... I'm coming
in the bitch... Daddy! I'm coming in my first slut!" Dad and the other men
applauded.

	 "Do it, son... Keep cumming... Go on... Dump all of your cum into this
pig... Empty your balls son... That's what whores are for!" Dad said as he
looked proudly at his son. Everyone's attention moved from the father and son to
the black man rocking his ass back and forth on Cumbag's face.

	 He jumped up from her mouth and stroked his cock as he aimed it at
Cumbag's face. Cumbag didn't bring her tongue back into her mouth. She wanted
everyone to see her shit-coated tongue. "FUCKING WHITE TRASH WHORE!" the black
man roared as his cock erupted in Cumbag's face. Cum flew everywhere. Cumbag
moaned as she felt his cum rolling down her tongue into her mouth. She came when
he dropped to his knees, forcing his cock all the way down her throat. As her
belly filled with cum she heard the Dad tell his son, " Now I'll show what to do
with that cum-filled rubber, son." When Cumbag was finished cleaning the black
man's cock and he pulled his cock out, she opened her mouth wide. The boy may
not know, but she knew what rubbers were for.

	Dad pointed to Cumbag's open mouth, "It goes there, son... Just drop it
in... Slut's always want your cum in their mouths." Cumbag smiled at the boy,
"Your Dad's right... Give me that fucking rubber... Drop it in my fucking
mouth... I love cum-gum!" The boy pulled the rubber off of his cock and stood
over her head. Another man thrust his cock in her ass causing Cumbag to cum.
Cumbag thrust her ass back to meet the new cock as the men holding her legs
rocked her also.

	Cumbag licked her lips and giggled, "Come on... Feed this pig your
rubber... This cunt needs it!" The boy dropped the cum-filled rubber into the
center of her mouth. Cumbag moaned as she started chewing it. A man kicked her
left tit causing it to slam into the other one. He shouted to the others,
"Anyone up for some soccer?" Cumbag chewed the rubber and moaned as men started
kicking her tits into each other.

	"UUHHMMM!... KICK MY SLUT-TITS!... OH FUCK!... That's so good... Fuck my
ass... Fuck this pig-whore... Come on, HARDER!... The slut needs it HARDER!...
ooouuuhh... Keep kicking my fucking tits... KICK THIS SLUT!" Cumbag howled
around the rubber she was chewing. Each of her huge, full tits were being kicked
by two men each. Each pair would kick each tit 2 or 3 times. Then two others
would take their place. The man fucking her ass shouted filthy names at the
wiggling whore as he came. Another cock was shoved up her ass before her asshole
could close. The new man only lasted a few strokes before he filled his rubber
with cum.

	The Hispanic who had held her head earlier was the next to slam his cock
up Cumbag's ass. Men were still taking turns kicking her tits and chewing on the
boy's rubber when she noticed the two men standing over her face. They grinned
evilly as they dangled their cum filled rubbers over her head.

	"Open up little piggy... Does the piggy want some food?... Is piggy
hungry?" one of the men asked. Cumbag saw the full rubbers and had to have them.
The one she was chewing was already empty.

	"YES! The pig IS hungry!... Feed the pig... MMMMmm... Drop those lovely
rubbers in the pig's mouth. Give them to your little piggy... Am I being a good
pig?... Please... Feed the pig" she begged... They silenced her by droping the
rubbers in her open mouth. "Uuhmmm... So... Good... mmmmm... Get... More...
For... The... Pig" Cumbag begged as she chewed them.

	Alex stepped through the crowd with some rope and two leather straps.
The men quit kicking Cumbag" tits as her placed a strap around the base of each
tit. He tightened them as much as he could. Then a rope was tied to each tit.

	Alex sat on Cumbag's face. Cumbag began to lap his ass from the base of
his balls to as far up his ass crack as she could reach. Alex grabbed the ropes
in his hands like the reins to a horse. When he pulled on the ropes, his cock
slid between her tits. In a raspy voice Alex said to the men.

	"I call this 'Riding the Asslicker'... You... Guys keep... Fucking...
The slut's... Ass... Look in that... Stall... The toilet's broken. Drop your
rubber's in there... We'll get the whore... to... clean... it out... later... If
you have to cum right away... cum in that toilet... OK?"

	Suddenly Alex began to yank the ropes even harder. The motion made it
hard for Cumbag to keep her tongue in his ass, but she did the best she could.
As Alex's cock began to spurt he scooted back until his cock plopped into
Cumbag's open mouth. That seemed to trigger the man fucking her ass, who started
to cum too.

	"EAT CUM, CUNT!... Fucking ass-wipe whore... Eat that jizz you fucking
pig... Fuck-pig-cunt"

	Cumbag felt the next cock slid into her ass as she nursed Alex's cock.
When she felt another cock slid in her asshole next to that one she started to
cum. Alex stood and kicked her in the head when she had finished cleaning his
cock.

	"OOOhhh!!!... I'M CUMMING!!... STUFF MY WHORE'S ASS WITH BOTH OF YOUR
COCKS... KICK THE SLUT... SOMEBODY SIT ON MY FUCKING FACE... FEED THIS WHORE
YOUR ASS... MMMMmmm... Sit your fucking ass right on this ass-licking tongue...
Oohhh... I'm Such a cunt... I'm such a bitch-slut... Fuck my slutty ass off...
I'm your cunt!" Cumbag shouted as the next man dropped to his knees. As he
picked up the ropes and started 'Riding The Ass-licker' The two cocks made it
all the way in her ass. Cumbag drove her tongue up the ass of the new man on her
face. She started to cum...




Part 3

Cumbag drove her tongue up the man's ass as the two men fucking her ass pounded
away. She moaned and slurped on the new ass for all she was worth. Her hips
thrust back on the cocks in her overstuffed ass. She was in heaven.

The straps around the base of her tits caused them to swell. Her nipples stood
up invitingly. So invitingly, the men could not resist swinging their belts down
on her full, swollen tits. Cumbag's sleek body was glistening from a fine coat
of sweat, spit and cum. Most of the words that had been written on her body hag
smeared. The man on her face roared and stood as he pointed his cock at her
face. "Uuuggghh....Have some more cum you fucking cunt-whore!...Fucking SLUT!"
he shouted as his cock spit it's sticky cum down on Cumbag's upturned face.

"Cum in my face!...Splatter me with your wonderful jizz!...UuMMmm...Cum is so
YUMMY!...Yeah!...Oh Yes!...Fuck this whore's ass...Fuck this whore in the
ground...Whack those tits...Do you guys like the way those straps make this
slut's fat cow-tits stand up?...They make you just want whip them, right?...Then
DO it!...Do anything to this pig you've ever dreamed of...Who's next to get
their ass licked?...Hmmm?...How about you, Sir...Would you let this cunt lick
your ass clean for you?...Hmmm?...Just sit your ass down on this!" cumbag asked
as she stuck her tongue up. "Me cunt!" a man said as he plopped his fat, hairy
ass on cumbag's face. Cumbag moaned as she drove her tongue in deep. The two men
fucking her ass came. A man with a giant cock took their place and crammed his
huge cock up her ass. Cumbag screamed into the new man's ass. He liked it.

"That was GREAT!...Do it again...Make that bitch scream in my ass again...All of
you guys ought to try it...Come on pig-whore!...SCREAM!" he chuckled as he
yanked harder on the ropes. The new ass-fucker pulled his cock out of her ass
with a loud PLOP and then crammed it back in. The man smearing her face with his
ass laughed when she screamed again.

While those two played their nasty game with of 'Make the Slut Scream In A Ass',
her tits were repeatedly whipped. Red whelps covered the big, firm mounds. A man
found a couple of C-clamps in cumbag's toy box. As everyone encouraged him, he
clamped them onto the base of cumbag's nipples. They caused her long, hard
nipples to extend even more. Her clamped nipples became the targets of choice.

Alex walked in with a 5-gallon bucket. He laughed at the sight the clamped slut
made. "Well I see everyone's still having fun...Right bitch?" he said with a
swift kick to cumbag's ribs. They all laughed at the distorted sound of cumbag's 
'Yes Sir' reply. Alex place the bucket beside cumbag and said, "On second
thought, some of you use this for your cum and rubbers...I have a better idea."

After the man on her face rose up and plastered cumbag's begging face, she was
pulled to her hands and knees. The man with the huge cock kept fucking her ass
as cumbag looked around the room of hard cocked men. Alex smiled as he kicked
her head. Cumbag saw stars...and came. "What are you cunt?' he asked simply.
Cumbag looked up at him. Spit and cum dangled from her open mouth like thick
slimy, strands of spaghetti. With the clamps pulling at her nipples, her tits
swayed gently back and forth. She moaned and thrust back to meet the cock in her
ass. Cum rolled onto the floor from her face. You could hear the 'splat' sound
cum made as it landed on the floor as the men grew quiet to listen to cumbag
explain what she is. Cumbag stared at the forest of cocks. She spoke to the
cocks in a lusty voice as cum dripped from her beautiful face.

"Ooohhh...You are all so pretty...Pretty cocks...I'm a fuck-toy...I'm just a
stupid little cunt that loves to be raped...I'm a cum-catcher...A fuck-pig...I'm
a slut...I'm just a cunt...But mostly I'm a cumbag...The cumbag needs
filled...Please?...Let me have your delicious cocks...Please feed me your
jizz...You can do anything to this cunt that you want to...Want this whore to
eat your ass?...Just shove it in my face...Want to whip this cunt? Go for
it!...Whip this slut until it can't stand...Oohhh God...YES!...Fuck this bitch's
ass!" The man fucking her ass caused cumbag to lose track of what she was
supposed to do.

Michael stepped up to her head with a ring gag. Cumbag was cumming as he mounted
it on her head. She still managed a smile before the ring went into her mouth,
forming it in to a perfect circle. Cumbag moaned and stuck her wiggling tongue
through the ring and giggled.

 Michael looked at the men and said, "Who wants to fuck a mouth-cunt?" with a
chuckle. Alex was first. "Suck, slut!" was all he said to cumbag as he began to
fuck her mouth. With the ring in her mouth, cumbag could not close her lips
around his cock. Consequently, spit leaked from her mouth and dripped off her
chin. Even over Alex's grunting, the room filled with the squishing sound of his
cock fucking the moaning whore's throat. The man with the huge cock fucking her
ass cursed as he came. He slapped her ass when he pulled his cock from her ass
with a PLOP. He dropped the cum-filled rubber into the toilet and walked to
cumbag's head. Alex withdrew his cock, and the ass-fucker slid his cock into
cumbag's mouth. Cumbag eagerly slurped on his cock until he was satisfied it was
clean. He cuffed her on the side of her head and Alex crammed his cock back into
her mouth. Cumbag mewled around Alex's thrusting cock and wiggled her ass.
Cumbag lapped at the underside of Alex's cock as she waited for another man to
fuck her.

Michael stepped beside Alex with a wink. He grabbed cumbag's head off of Alex's
cock. Spit slung from her mouth as he jerked her head around to his cock.
Michael jammed his cock into her open mouth. Instinctively, cumbag started
lapping at his cock. He fucked her mouth for about 3 minutes, then Alex pulled
her mouth off Michael's cock and took his turn at fucking her propped open
mouth.

Still cumbag wiggled her ass invitingly, but no one fucked her. Cumbag moaned
Alex slid his cock out of her mouth, "Fuck me!...Don't let one of my fuck-holes
go to waste!...Someone!...Anyone!...Everyone!...Please?...Fuck my slut-ass off
while my mouth is fucked! Use all of my fuck-holes...PLEASE!!!" Her whining was
cut-off when Alex buried his cock into her throat.

Cumbag felt her asscheeks being spread wide. She thought 'Good. Now I'll get
fucked some more.' But still she waited. Michael took his turn at her mouth,
fucking it like a cunt. He would fuck his cock all the way down her throat. Then
he would pull it out of her mouth. Cumbag would stick her tongue through the
ring-gag and wait for his next thrust.

 Alex stroked his cock waiting for his turn to fuck her mouth. A grinning man
missing his front teeth stepped up beside him. "Is there room for another?" he
asked as he pulled on his cock. Alex and Michael said almost in unison, "This
cunt always has room for one more". They looked at each other and laughed.
Michael looked at the new man, "Here...Have a shot...Just fuck it like a cunt!"
he said. "It sure looks like a cunt!" the man responded as he shoved his cock
into cumbag's wet mouth. Michael looked around and said," Hey!...I think we can
fit one more around this slut...Who wants to fuck the pig's mouth?"

Alex grabbed the 5-gallon bucket he had brought and sat it on the floor. As
another man joined them, he positioned it under cumbag's chin to catch the
droppings from her mouth. Still no one fucked her. The fourth man fucked his
hard cock into cumbag's open mouth and cumbag screamed.


"Do you like that, cunt...Ha...Ha...Ha...I knew you would, pig...What?...You
want me to do it harder?...Well...If you say so, Ha...Ha...Ha" came a voice from
behind cumbag. The trucker, Big Daddy, had crammed his hand up cumbag's cunt. As
cumbag screamed around the new cock, he formed his hand into a fist and punched
her slippery cunt. With a laugh, he fucked his fist in and out of cumbag's cunt.
As he fist-fucked the slut, she came. The men watching the rape of cumbag
applauded and shouted encouragement.

"Fist-Fuck that whore"       "Turn her fucking mouth into a cunt!"     "Fuck her
mouth!" "Shove your fist all the way in that slut's cunt"     "Choke her,
man...Choke the slut!"      "Really pound that pussy, man"    "Look!...The bitch
is coming! The bitch in coming getting fist-fucked!...What a fucking pig!"         
"That is one drooling whore!"    " Fucking slut-bitch!"

Cumbag's world was spinning. Her fist-stuffed cunt gripped Big Daddy's fist like
a vise as she came. Spit and pre-cum dribbled from her mouth into the bucket
below her. He nipples ached from the clamps on them. The whelps on her ass and
tits burned. She loved it. When one of the four men fucking her mouth pulled his
cock out of her mouth, cumbag wailed.

"YESSS!!!...Look at this slut!...This slut cums when her fucking cunt is
fist-fucked!...Look at the bitch....Oohhh...I'm such a pig-slut!! Fist-fuck this
pig!...Do IT!...Fist-fuck this slut-bitch as hard as you can!...That's not hard
enough. This pig needs it harder!...Ooohhh...Yes!...That's better!
Uugghh...That's soooo fucking GOOOOD!...Watch this slut cum for you!...Oohh
God!...YES!...Fuck my mouth! Dump some more cum on this sack of
slut-shit!...Fuck the slut! Fuck the whore!" cumbag begged until her mouth was
stuffed with another cock. Everyone laughed at how the ring-gag distorted her
speech.

The four men fucking her mouth changed their tactics. Instead of each one
fucking her mouth for a few minutes and then changing cocks, the four started
spearing her mouth, one after the other. Cocks would thrust into her mouth once
or twice, as cumbag choked on their cocks. Then her head would be jerked off
that cock and a new one would fuck her mouth. Cumbag would only have time to
give each of the leaking cock a few licks of her tongue before a new cock was
fucked into her hot mouth. Cumbag's mouth was filling with their juice. Every
time her head was jerked, more of their slime would drip from her mouth into the
bucket.

Cumbag was cumming constantly now. She thrust her hips back to meet Big Daddy as
he punched out her cunt with his fist. He cursed as her cunt juice rolled down
his arm, dripping off his elbow, "Goddamn fuckin' slut!" Cumbag's tongue was
thick and tired. She fought to keep it wagging on the onslaught of the four
cocks fucking her mouth-cunt. The men fucking her mouth had synchronized their
fucking like pistons. Faster and faster, they fucked her mouth. One after the
other. The crowd of men watching began to clap keeping time with their thrusts.
The claps prodded the mouth fuckers to go faster, like the speed-setter in a
rowboat.

Big Daddy yanked his arm from cumbag's cunt, causing the bitch to lose her
breath. The sudden rush of air triggered the cock in her mouth to cum. Its owner
pulled his cock out of her mouth and aimed it at ring-gag. Her mouth looked even
more like a target now, and 'CUM TARGET' was still plain to see.

 "YOU FUCKING WHORE!!!...Have some cum, slut!" he shouted as his cock erupted.
Cumbag's right eye was glued shut instantly by a huge wad of cum. Then a wet,
slimy rope of cum sliced her face diagonally. He stroked his cock sending
cum-drops splattering her face. The third man took advantage of the gasping
slut's empty mouth. He fucked his cock into her mouth as cumbag's face was
plastered with cum. Cumbag tried to open her glued eye. Silvery, white strands
of cum webbed her long eyelashes together. Cumbag peered through a web of cum
and winked at the old man who was fucking her mouth-cunt. That set him off.
Cumbag snorted around the spurting cock.
"Uugghh...Cunt!...Whore...Uhhmm...Pig-slut!" he muttered as he pulled his cock
from her mouth. Cumbag's mouth leaked a long, slimy strand of cum that swung
slowly off her chin as she faced the next cock.

A teenage boy shoved his hand in cumbag's stretched cunt as cum rained down on
the slut's face. Cumbag came as her forehead was hit dead center with jet of
jizz. Cum streaked down her nose as he jerked his cock off in her face.

"Cum in my face!...Splatter this whore with your hot cum!....Hmmm...SO
GOOD!...Yeah!...Cum on the slut!...Oooohhhh!...Squirt this
bitch!...Uuhhmm...Fist this whore's cunt!...Mmmmm...Cum all over this
fist-fucked bitch-cunt!...Cover this little pig in cum!" Cumbag stopped pleading
to stick her tongue out of the ring to scoop up some cum. The two men
jerking-off their cocks in her face grunted as they slung little worm-like
strands of cum all over the cumming whore.

"Heh, heh, heh...Am I fisting your cunt good, slut?...Is this the way to
fist-fuck a whore like you? Ha, Ha, Ha... Fucking cunt!...Hhmmpphh...Take it
!...Fucking slut...Hey John!...Come here!" the teenager fisting her cunt said.
He whispered in his friend's ear as the moaning slut bounced back and forth on
his fist. Cumbag kept he tongue wagging, scooping up little drops of cum as they
rolled down her face to the bucket and floor.

Alex and Michael came together. They grunted as they aimed their pulsing cocks
at the 'O' of cumbag's mouth. Each shot a thick stream of cum into her mouth,
hitting the back of her throat. Her mouth filled instantly with hot cum. The
unexpected jets of cum tickled her tonsils causing her to cough. Cum washed over
her lower lip like a waterfall. Alex and Michael chuckled as they covered her
face in jizz. Michael glued her left eye shut as Alex coated each of her
eyebrows.

Suddenly cum spouted from cumbag's mouth. "Nnnooo...Oh NOOo!...I can't take
that!...Uuggg...Oh God!...Please?...Not two...Please...I can't take it!" cumbag
screamed. Alex and Michael couldn't believe their ears. Did cumbag just say she
couldn't take something? They looked back at the two teenage boys that were
grinning wickedly. The two boys read the question in their faces, grinned wider,
and answered.

"We're both...uugghh... fist-fucking the slut!...(snicker)...See!...We got both
of our fists in her cunt! Heh, heh...Hey bitch! You been fucking horses or
what?...Fucking slut. We wanted to surprise....uugghh...the stupid whore-slut,
so we just shoved our hands in at the same time! (snicker) ...WOW!...Do you feel
THAT!...MAN!...Her fucking slutty cunt is grabbing at our fists...That is SO
COOL!...OK Man, on three...one...two...THREE!"

Cumbag screamed again as the two boys fucked their fists into her cunt together.
Cumbag's eyes went wide with fear as she looked around the room at the leering
men. Cum burned her eyes and webbed her lashes together. She heard the sound of
cum dripping off her face into the bucket. She heard the tearing sound her cunt
made. She heard the laughter of the men and the snickers of the boys. Then she
heard the voice of her mother in her mind. ' Let men do anything they want to
you...You're just a cunt...You'll find that even things that hurt end up feeling
good...Now...Show Mommy how good of a pig you are.' Her mother had said. Mommy
was always right.

"Uuummm...Ooohhh...That's not so bad now...Uuhhmmm...Oh YES!...OH!...FUCK
YEAH!...DO IT!...Both of you!...Fist-fuck this fucking whore!...Oh
SHIT!...YES!...FIST THE BITCH! FIST THE BITCH!" The four new cocks pointed at
her face captured Cumbag's attention. A wild crazed look washed over cumbag's
face. She looked like an animal about to devour her prey. She moaned as her eyes
roamed over the hard cocks offered to her. She moved her open mouth in a
semi-circle in front of them. Spit, drool, and cum dripped off her chin as she
prepared to feed.

"Give me those cocks! HURRY!...FUCK MY MOUTH!...Oohh...Who's going to fuck this
whore's mouth next?...How about you? Are you ready to fuck a slut's mouth?...Go
ahead!...Shove your cock in the slut's mouth! Let me show you how good of a
cock-sucker this pig is!...How about you?...Oh! I remember you!...You're the man
who pulled on my fucking lips when those two cocks were fucking my
mouth!...Here!...Fuck this open cunt of a mouth! Let this bitch thank you for
helping me get those sweet cocks deeper in my mouth-cunt...Please!...Somebody
feed me a cock! PLEASE!"

"Fucking slut!" a man said as he thrust his cock into her mouth. Cumbag's cheeks
hollowed as she sucked his cock as hard as she could. Even as her tongue flapped
on the underside of the nice man's cock, her eyes darted from cock to cock. Her
crazed eyes searching for the next cock to suck. Cumbag grunted through a pain
filled orgasm as the fucking of her mouth restarted. As she concentrated on
servicing the new cocks, she heard the boys that were double-fisting her cunt
snicker, calling her filthy names. 'Mommy was right!...I am a good pig-cunt'
cumbag thought as she fucked back onto the two fists in her cunt.

The new cocks in her mouth lasted no time. They added their cum to the silvery
mask that cumbag was wearing. Cumbag looked down into the bucket below her chin
at the three or four inches of cum in it. She didn't look long. With seconds of
the last cock cumming in her face, her head was yanked up to suck more cocks.
Someone removed the clamps that had crushed her nipples for so long. Pain
replaced numbness as feeling return to the little spikes. The man, who freed her
crushed nipples, poured rubbing alcohol from her toy box onto her aching
nipples. Cumbag tried to scream. All that was heard was a low gurgling sound
that slipped out of her cock-stuffed mouth. Before walking away, he kicked her
tit as hard as he could. Her muffled scream triggered the cock in her mouth to
spurt its hot load down her throat. The taste of fresh cum made her forget about
her hurting tits. With her cum-hunger renewed, she devoured the next cock,
working her throat muscles to milk his cum from his balls.

An old grumpy man waved his cane at the two boys who were still fisting her
cunt. "All right you little punks!...You've had your fun!...Give someone else a
chance at this little whore...Go on!...Shew!...Go on, now...Get your hands out
of her cunt...Do what I tell you or I'll find out who your parents are and tell
them how you wouldn't share the tramp...Go on!...Git!" the old man said as he
waved his cane around. The two boys and everyone else too, laughed at the old
man's display. The boys did as he ordered and pulled their arms from cumbag's
gaping cunt. Cumbag shuddered as the boys' arms made a weird, squishing sound as
they pulled their arms out of her cunt. She came again. Several men pointed at
her giant, dripping fuck hole. One man said, "Looks like the bitch just had
twins!...Twin hams, that is! Ha, Ha."

 The old man continued his bitching although the boys had given him his shot at
her cunt. "God damn young punks!...That's what's wrong with the world today...No
respect for their elders" The old man rolled up his sleeves and stared at
cumbag's ass. Cumbag snorted around the cock that was dumping cum in her mouth
as the old man whacked her hard on the ass with his cane.

"Now you young whippersnappers watch and learn...I used to work for Al
Capone...I was in charge of his whores. Heh, heh, heh...This is how I'd
straighten out them trollops when they wouldn't mind...OK little miss slut...You
ready? Heh, heh, heh...Here... You don't mind holding my cane for me, do you?"
he cackled as he shoved his cane up her ass. Cumbag came. She snorted cum out of
her nose coating the cock in her mouth. Its owner just fucked the cum back into
her mouth. When he was finished, cumbag swallowed the next cock she was offered.
Cum continued to drip off her cum-soaked face and the cum-level in the bucket
rose.

The old man was relentless. He would cram his hand into her cunt with a twisting
motion almost to his elbow. He would keep the twisting action going as he
withdrew his hand all the way out of her dripping cunt. Then he would twist his
fist into her cunt to his elbow again. Cumbag loved it. She would cum every time
he crammed his hand into her gaping cunt and twist his fist in. Several of the
men watching the old man wreck her cunt grabbed the cane in her ass. As the old
man reamed her cunt, her ass would be prodded and stretched. Some of the men
would move the cane in a wide circle stretching her fuck-hole. Others just
wanted to see how far they could cram it in her ass. The slut thrust her ass
back to meet their abuse as she slurped on cock after cock. Cumbag loved
everything they did.

But the old man soon grew tired. He reached up, pulled cumbag's long, blonde
hair, and wiped his hand clean in her hair. He looked at the men who were
applauding his performance and bowed. Even the two teenagers smiled at him. "Now
that's the way to fist a whore!...Hope you boys learned something." he said
simply as he jerked his cane out of her ass. Cumbag shuddered which brought a
new round of laughter from the men. Cumbag loved it when men would degrade her
and laugh at her. It made her so horny.

"Ha, Ha...Yes!...Laugh at the slut! I'm such a fucking stupid
pig-whore-bitch!...Treat me like shit!...That's all I am! Shit!...Just a fucking
piece of whore-meat shit!... Laugh at me! Hurt me! Fuck me!...Oohhh!" cumbag
said to the men.

After the old man's display it seemed everyone wanted to fist-fuck the bitch.
Over the next hour or so, 16 men fisted cumbag's cunt. During that time, 28 men
fucked her mouth and shot their cum in her mouth, on her face and on her hair.
Alex stepped up to the barely conscious slut and looked down into the 5-gallon
bucket that was well over half full.

Alex removed cumbag's ring-gag and dragged her toward the stall where the men
had started dropping their cum-filled rubbers earlier. "Hey
bitch!...Cunt!...Here catch!" a man shouted as he shoved the fist dildo in
cumbag's ass. Cumbag moaned and the looked back toward the grinning man.

"Oh Thank You, Sir...That's the way to treat a cunt!...Uummmm...Thank you for
stuffing the cunt's ass!...Oohh! I hope you let me eat your ass
later!...Please?" she said as she wiggled her ass. A man shouted, "Hey
bitch...You grow a tail?...You look more like a fuck-bitch now that you have a
tail, cunt!" Cumbag laughed with the men and spoke, " Ha, ha...Oh GOOD!...I am a
bitch!...I hope you guys want to fuck this bitch into the ground!" Alex jerked
her head back around and pulled her face over the toilet. Cumbag looked down
into the filthy toilet. It was crusty with brown and yellow stains everywhere.
In the unflushed toilet were 12 or 14 rubbers. Strands of thick cum floated like
worms in the yellow water. Cumbag stared into the toilet, mesmerized by the
strange way the cum-strands and rubbers bounced off each other in some depraved
dance. Cumbag looked up at Alex's snarling face. Out of the corner of her eye,
she glimpsed the crowd of men as they struggled to get a good view of the slut.
Faces peered down on her from over the stall walls on either side.

"DO IT!...PLEASE!...Shove my fucking face into this slime. Treat me like the pig
I am. Show me what I'm good for...Make me suck up all those delicious rubbers!
MMmmmm...I bet they taste GREAT! I'm such a nasty cunt. Shove my fucking face in
this toilet where it belongs. Hurry!...The pig-cunt needs fed...Feed the pig!" 
Cumbag's whining turned into slurping when pushed her face into the toilet.

Alex put his boot on cumbag's neck and pushed her face into the muck. Cumbag
opened her mouth and sucked in three rubbers and a mouth full of cum. She
swallowed cum and chewed on the rubbers as she heard the men shout at her.

"Eat that cum, slut!"    "Clean that toilet whore!"   Keep eating cum like that
and your fucking tits will get HUGE!"       " Lap up that cum, bitch!"   "
That's it, pig!...Bob for rubbers."          "We should make the slut bob for
turds...I bet the stupid cunt would LOVE that!"

Cumbag came. They were right. She would love that. She swallowed another
mouthful of cum and sucked in two more rubbers. Alex jerked her face out of the
toilet by her hair. Cumbag couldn't see through her cum-clogged eyes, but she
knew the men were watching. As cum cascaded off her face back into the toilet,
she opened her mouth. She showed all that could see, the rubbers floating in her
cum-filled mouth. She sat back onto her ass, shoving the fist-dildo in deeper.
The men cursed and mocked her as she swallowed. Stale, piss-tinged cum dripped
from every edge of the cum-blinded slut. Strands of cum dangled from her ears
onto her shoulders. Watery cum poured from her nose into her open mouth as she
chewed the five rubbers. Men pointed and laughed at a rubber that was stuck to
her forehead. As she chewed, the rubber on her forehead slid slowly onto her
nose like a huge slug. There was so much cum sliding down her face she couldn't
feel the rubber. She jerked in surprise when it dropped in her mouth. She chewed
it too. She swallowed the rubbers in a loud, obscene gulp.

"Oh DAMN!...That's fucking GREAT! This cunt LOVES cum!...MMMmmm...Do you guys
like watching this cum-eating pig? Ooohhhh...I hope so... I love being you're
nasty little slut-pig....MMMmmm...That's YUMMY!...I need some more...Slam my
fucking face into that slut-slime" cumbag said while wiggling her ass on the
fist-dildo. Alex complied, bringing whoops from the men.

Cumbag came as he forced her face back into the cum-soup. The men grew silent as
they listened to slurping, smacking slut. Cumbag opened her mouth an inhaled
another mouthful of cum and rubbers. Four rubbers went down her throat with the
gulp of cum. They lodged in her throat. She coughed to clear her throat.
Fuck-slime splattered all over her head when she did, but Alex and the men just
laughed. He stepped on her head as more cum was sucked in her belly. Her cum
storage tank. Cumbag was running out of air. She flayed her arms in panic. Alex
stepped on her head harder. Cumbag stopped struggling and concentrated on
slurping down all of the rubbers and cum.

Cumbag went after the cum like a starving woman. The rush of cum down her throat
cleared the stuck rubbers from her cum-tunnel. She moaned, and mewled like a
kitten at a bowl of delicious cream. She wiggled her dildo stuffed ass as Alex
used his boot to roll her head around in the slop. Her mind went blank as the
lack of oxygen had its effect. Her mind went into autopilot. Cumbag drank the
toilet dry. Alex pulled the moaning pig's head out of the empty toilet.

Alex smirked "Did the little piggy like that?...Did the dirty little cunt get
enough to eat?...Well?...Did you, bitch?...ANSWER ME YOU FUCKING CUNT!" The
dazed cumbag just moaned and rolled her head. Cumbag just mumbled and drooled
cum all over herself. A man in the doorway of the stall came to cumbag's rescue.
He kicked the fist-dildo deep into her ass with six swift kicks. Cumbag knew the
man was trying to get her attention, but it was know use. The oxygen depravation
has made her incoherent. She did cum with the kicks though.

Alex started to hit her in the head but her face was so covered in cum he didn't
want to touch her. Her face looked as if it had been covered on glue. A rubber
was stuck to her left eye. Another cum-dripping rubber stuck halfway out of her
right nostril. Another rubber dangled from her open mouth where it was stuck on
a tooth. "The fucking bitch is out of it...Maybe this will bring our fuck-toy
back. We still have other games to play. Don't we guys?" Alex asked the laughing
and yelling men.

Michael read Alex's mind and tossed him his pliers. Alex smiled, "Great idea!"
Alex said. Alex locked the pliers on Cumbag's nose. Cumbag whimpered as he
flipped her on her back by her nose. He then dragged her head over the toilet as
her long, blonde wet hair dropped into to crusty toilet. Cumbag's neck rested on
the edge of the toilet and her head strapped in place. Her legs were raised so
her cunt was over her face and tied there. A huge funnel from her toy box was
shoved between the semi-conscious slut's lips. Alex grinned down at the whore
and kicked fist dildo in her ass. The men laughed when she came.

"Wakey, wakey little bitch!...Oohhh...Our little cunt is asleep and I have to
piss. Too bad, she got herself tied in front of the toilet. Gee...I hate to do
this" Alex smirked. He let loose with a fire-hose of piss. His hot piss first
went right up her right nostril. Cumbag came to, sputtering under the rush of
piss up her nose. Hot piss burned her sinuses and stung her eyes. Cum washed off
her face in wide, sticky sheets. Alex chuckled when he saw the rubber stuck in
her left nostril began to fill with piss. The rubber swelled like a water
balloon before it shot from her nose. He pissed a circle around her face before
aiming for the funnel in her mouth. Cumbag spasmed as her mouth filled with
salty piss. In the distance, she heard the men.

"Piss on the slut!"    "Toilet- cunt!"     "Down that fucking whore!"     
"LOOK!...I think that cunt is cumming again!"      "HEY! I'm next to piss in her
face, OK?"     " Fucking piss-whore!"

Alex smiled as the funnel in Cumbag's mouth filled with his piss. He stopped the
flow to let his piss run down her throat. Cumbag's eyes were wide as she guzzled
piss. When the funnel was empty, he filled it up again. This time while the
funnel emptied, he sprayed her face with his piss. He kindly washed away the
rubber that was stuck in her eye. The rubber slid down her cheek until it
slipped over her ear. He kept his pissing cock aimed there washing away the pool
of cum that filled her eye socket. Cumbag moaned around the funnel as the piss
stung her eyes. Cumbag rolled her dildo-stuffed ass in wide, enticing circles as
she came. Alex's pissing cock slowed to a trickle. He shook the last drops from
his cock on the slut. Cumbag looked at him and winked. He turned to the men
crowding the door of the stall, smiled, and said simply, " Piss the bitch!"   

Three men crowded around the dazed, strung slut. They laughed as piss exploded
from their cocks into the slut's face. The funnel filled quickly and
over-flowed. Cumbag's instincts took control again and the slut gulped piss. The
three streams of hot piss rained down on Cumbag as she sorted through her nose.
Piss ran out of her nose, dividing around the funnel, and dripping into the
toilet. The men laughed and cursed the cunt until their bladders were empty.
When they had finished using the slut-toilet, each man in turned thanked Cumbag
for being a good piss-pot by kicking the fist-dildo in her ass. "The fucking
toilet is all yours!...Remember to please aim. ...At the bitch's face that is,"
one of the men said to the next group as they were replaced.

Next was a group of four blacks. They looked down at the grinning slut. Each of
them spit in her smiling face before they took their turn at the slut-toilet.
One of the men, a fat man about 50, pulled the funnel from her mouth and stuck
it in cumbag's cunt. "HEY!...Slut-pig!...You don't mind if we piss on you....Do
you?...Well, do you?... BITCH!" a young black man about 20 asked as he kicked
her thigh.

"No Sir!...Please!...Piss in my face!...The slut needs to be pissed on...My
mouth is a better piss-pot than any old cold, hard toilet ...This pig loves to
be pissed on!...I hope every one that stops by wants to piss on the slut!"
cumbag answered. The four black cocks were aimed at the young, white slut face.
Cumbag smacked her lips noisily saying, "Right here!...Piss right here!" as she
opened her mouth wide. The four black men chuckled as they aimed their four
black pissing cocks into cumbag's mouth. Cumbag started moaning more and rolling
her head from side to side. "MMMmmmm...Uugghhh...mmmmm" The jerky motion of her
head caused piss to slop out of her mouth into the toilet. One of the men aimed
his pissing cock at the funnel in her cunt. One man pissed in her hair. Another
hosed her cheeks and nose down, while the fourth man pissed straight down her
throat. Cumbag spoke around the pissing cock in her mouth. As she spoke piss
spritzed upward from her mouth. Most of the piss-geyser landed back down on her
face.

" Cover this bitch in piss!...Piss in my fucking slut-cunt!...Pigs like me
deserve to be pissed on! DO IT!...Splatter the slut!
OOOohhhh....LOOK!!!...Uuggghh...The slut is coming just getting pissed on!" She
stopped talking and just whimpered as the crest of her orgasm washed over her.
After that, everything seemed to blur together for the slut. She remembered man
after man stepping into the stall to piss on the tied slut. She remembered the
dildo being jerked from her ass and another funnel put there. She came
constantly as dozens of men pissed in her cunt and ass. The men pulled her legs
even more. Now her cunt pointed at her chin, her ass at her mouth.

A teen-ager picked up the rubber that had shot from Cumbag's nose when Alex
pissed on her. He waved in front of Cumbag's eyes. The piss-wet whore locked her
eyes on the rubber, following it like a hypnotist's watch. He aimed his cock at
the rubber and pissed. Most of her piss missed the rubber and landed in Cumbag's
eyes. She howled as the piss stung her deep, blue eyes. Still, she remained
focused on the rubber She never moved her head or closed her eyes to avoid the
stinging piss. Instead, she encouraged him.

"Yeah!...Fill that rubber with your sweet piss. Don't worry about
me...Slut-toilets take piss where ever they can get it. This bitch doesn't mind!
Piss in my fucking eyes all you want!"

Finally, it was full. He moved the piss-stretched condom over cumbag's face. He
stopped over her open mouth. "Suck it, slut!...I ain't never seen a cunt suck a
piss full rubber before. So DO IT!...Suck this rubber like it's cock, cunt!" her
said as he slipped it between her lips. Everyone laughed at the rubber-sucking
whore.

"There you go, pig"    "Suck that piss-cock, WHORE!"   "Piss-crazy bitch!"  
"Slurp it slut!"

There was a small hole in the end of the rubber. Piss trickled out into her
mouth. When the boy noticed it, he had an idea. He pulled it from her mouth.
Cumbag started begging so franticly for him to put it back in her mouth, he had
to kick her head three times to get her to shut up. He closed his hand around
the rubber sending a thin, strong stream on her face. Cumbag moved her head
around, following the stream.

"I'll feed you just like a puppy at it's mother...Drink it down,
slut-puppy...That's a good piss-bitch" he chuckled. He kept it just out if reach
of her mouth. When the rubber was finally empty Cumbag begged again, "Feed the
whore-dog!...Drop it in my bitch-mouth! PLEASE!...Am I a good little
piss-puppy?...Am I?...Is the cunt a good urinal?...Am I? Oohhh, I hope you like
pissing in the slut's piss-bag mouth!" He giggled when he dropped it her mouth.
In between chews, she would smile up at the men looking over the tops of the
stalls on either side of her. She would slip her tongue inside the robber and
stick her tongue out. It almost looked like she had a cock coming out of her
mouth the wrong way. That display was ended by five new, pissing cocks. Cumbag
swallowed and shivered through another orgasm.

The piss shower lasted for over an hour. 63 men pissed on or in the writhing
whore. The toilet under her head was now full of piss. Her head floated and
bobbed slowly on the piss. Cumbag had drunk so much cum and piss over the last 2
hours, her belly looked like she was 5 months pregnant. He cunt and asshole had
become piss-bags. Both of her fuck-holes had been filled to over-flowing with
piss. Coke cans were now piss-plugs. To keep the piss in her holes, Coke cans
were forced into her cunt and ass. Whenever a man wanted to piss in one of them,
he would just yank the can out of the hole he wanted. After he would empty his
bladder, he would cram the can back in. Cumbag's cunt and ass ached with the
gallon or two of piss that stretched them. While she was gang-pissed, she would
cum repeatedly. She passed out several times. But when she did, some thoughtful
man would step on her face. Dunking her head in the piss-filled toilet was the
current entertainment. When she started to drown in piss, she would wake up.
Then whoever was stepping on the slut at the time felt her head wiggle under his
boot he would step off her face. Her head would bob to the top of the toilet and
Cumbag would start laughing. At least until her laughter or begging was replaced
by gurgling. She always thanked the men for waking her up.

"Oohhh! Thank you, sir!...Want to step on this cunt's piss-face and push it back
in the piss?...A fucking slut-bitch like me belongs under piss...Don't you
think?".... But every time she started speaking, she would be cut off. Sometimes
by pissing cocks. Sometimes, some laughing man would step on her face, pinning
her head to the bottom of the piss-filed toilet, just for the amusement. Some
men, who didn't need to piss, would jerk-off in her mouth or face. Cumbag loved
to eat cum and wash it down with fresh, hot man-piss. Finally, the men could
piss no more. Michael pulled the cans from her ass and cunt. "Alright,
pig!...You know what to do. Don't you, you stupid piss-whore!...Go ahead!...I
want you to empty you fuck holes in your fucking toilet of a mouth....Come
on...Show us how nasty of a fuck-pig you are!...Toilet!"

Cumbag laughed. "Ha, ha...This slut would love to do that, sir! Is everyone
watching?...Watch the cunt...Look at the pig-bitch push a gallon of mixed piss
from each of its fuck-holes...Empty its fuck-holes right in its piss-face...I
hope everyone watching the whore?...Here goes!" Cumbag grunted. She watched
intently as her fuck-hole opened over her face. It started as a trickle from her
ass. The trickle washed over her hairless, red cunt. From there, it became a
waterfall in her face. She grunted again causing her ass to expel a geyser of
piss straight up from her ass about a foot. The geyser then turned and splashed
in her eyes. The slut yelped like a kicked dog, but her mouth and eyes remained
open.

"Watch the pig!...See the pig spray piss from her slutty ass in her face!... The
cunt needs to be punished for being suck a fucking cunt, don't I...Ooohhh...I'm
the nastiest fuck-pig ever!...Uuuggghhh....Look!...Look at the woe's
cunt...There it goes!" She extended her tongue and lapped at all that she could.
Piss sprayed upward from her ass only to fall and splatter head. At the same
time, the cunt-full of collected piss flowed from her cunt, cascading like a
yellow waterfall into her open mouth. The looks on the faces of the men changed
from surprise to awe, to disgust... to lust.

Too soon, it was over. Her cunt ran dry first. She grunted and pushed for all
that she was with, but it was no use. Her once full cunt was empty. Her ass
slowed to a trickle. Again, al of the slut's efforts were in vain. The piss from
her ass now followed the path made by the piss from her cunt. Piss dripped from
her cunt, spattering her smiling face with little, yellow drops. Then it
stopped. Only an occasional drop of piss hit her face now. The men paid her
compliments. Cumbag loved to hear compliments.

"You are one nasty bitch alright, whore"     "You piss-guzzling pig!"   
"Piss-catching cunt!"   "Fucking piss-hound like you belongs in a sewer!"    
"YEAH!...With the other shit!"

Cumbag looked around at the men crowded into the toilet-stall, staring at the
fuck-toy. The fuck-toy whose head floated in a piss-filled toilet. The fuck-toy
tied so its cunt and ass were over its smiling whore-face. Cumbag giggled. She
sent a stream of her own piss from her cunt spraying down in her giggling mouth.
The men applauded the fuck-toy as it drank her own piss. Cumbag came as she
swallowed mouthful after mouthful of her own hot piss. But like the men's piss
she had released into her face and mouth before, this too ended. Men spit on
her. Some threw lit cigarettes at her bound, stretched body. Others kicked her.
They all called her filthy names. Cumbag looked around at the men and laughed
again.

"Did you guys like it when your piss-whore pissed in her own mouth-toilet?...Do
you know how nasty this little fuck-pig is now?...Do you want to nasty things t
the slut?...ohhhh!...The bitch-cunt hopes so!...See! You can do anything to the
cunt! Anything at all!...This whore loves everything you've done to it...And the
pig will live everything you'll do to it next! Do you know what else this
fuck-rag likes?...Can the cumslut show her wonderful men?...Can the trash-whore
show you!...Ohh GOOD!...Thank you!...Watch the pig!"

The men grew silent and watched intently to see what the slut would do next.
Cumbag stared at her asshole that was over her face. She grunted. Her asshole
began to open. The men were now mesmerized as the long, hard brown turd pushed
its way from her ass. Cumbag's eyes crossed in concentration on the turd. It
inched toward her face ever so slowly. The foot-long turd passed over her cunt.
Cumbag stretched her head toward the cock-like turd as far as she could. She
stuck her tongue out and licked the end of her turd like a cock. She glanced at
the men and giggled. She pulled her legs even further over her head with all of
her effort.

Cumbag moaned with the men when she closed her lips around the thick, hard turd.
She worked her lips, bring more and more of the shit into her mouth. When she
had about 4 or 5 inches of the turd-cock in her mouth, she slowly relaxed her
head back into the piss-filled toilet. As her head floated in the piss, she
moaned again. About 10 inches of the turd stuck straight up from her mouth. The
men watched in awe as she carefully munched on the turd. Her cheeks sucked in
and out. Her throat looked like an escalator. The shit-pig snorted breathed
through her nose in loud snorts. Everyone watched the turd getting smaller. And
smaller. Soon there were only 5 inches of it above her lips. Still, she munched.
Then only 2 inches. Then the pig had all of it in her toilet-mouth. Then it was
gone. The rest stop was silent except for the soft splashing sound cumbag's head
made as it floated in piss. And except for the squishy munching sound the pig
made as she ate her own shit. With a loud gulp, cumbag swallowed the last of her
turd. As she was cumming, she shouted to the silent men.

"Did you see?...Now you know you can do any-fucking -thing to the slut-pig!...To
the SHIT-EATING PIG!...Oohhh...That was good!...I love shit! Who wants to shit
on the slut?...Who wants to feed the shit-whore a nice, hard turd!...Come
on!...Do it!...Feed me your shit! Shit all over my fucking whore-face! Make me
suck a turd like a cock!...PLEASE!...Feed the shit-eater! Use this slut for the
toilet it is! Give me a turd to suck! Who's going to do it
first!...Oohhh!...Please?...Will everyone please shit in my face?...Pretty
please!...I promise I'll be a good shit-pig! I will!...I'll be the BEST toilet
you have EVER shit in! So!...Who's first?...You?...I'm glad you are going to be
the first to shit in my slut-toilet-mouth! Go on, just stick your ass in my
face...Yeah!...Like that...Now...Feed the pig! Mmmmmmm...I bet your shit is SO
GOOD!...Shit in my face...Feed me a good hard turd....Mmmmm...YEAH! I SEE IT!
IT'S COMING! Oohhhh...Don't stop! Do IT! Shit on the slut! There it is! There it
is! Drop it!...DO it!...Drop that lovely turd right in my fucking
toilet-mouth!...MMMmm.....Uuhgggmmmppp........"




Part 4

The men stared in silent awe at the disgusting display before them. It was more
than some of the men could take. Some of the men left with shaking heads at the
unbelievable show of degradation. Still others crowded forward with leering
faces for a better look at the groveling slut. The man squatting over the toilet
rose. His turd stood straight up from Cumbag's lips like a thick, heavy, brown
cock.

"Look at that cunt!"      "Fuckin' pig will do ANY-FUCKING-THING!!!"    
"Shit-slut" "GOBBLE IT, SHIT-WHORE!"    "Damn, I wish I had a picture of this
pig-cunt"

"Let's help the bitch." Todd shouted as he pointed his thickening cock at the
shit-eating slut's face. Six other men standing around the toilet-whore took his
advice and did the same. Cumbag mewled as she slowly sucked the turd deeper into
her mouth. She opened her eyes, looking up into the small forest of seven cocks.
She noticed their piss-holes start to open. She wriggled her hips, moaned and
came when two streams of hot piss hit her open eyes. She struggled to keep them
open and saw the other five cocks start to piss in her face....and came again.

"Mmmmmff......Mmpgh...Uuhhhmm" Cumbag moaned as the laughing men waved their
pissing cocks all around her upturned face. The turd in her mouth broke. She
felt the thick sticky log rolling down her right cheek, into the toilet under
her head. Cumbag opened her mouth as wide as she could for the seven pissing
cocks.

Michael stepped beside Todd and grinned at each other and then back down at the
piss-guzzling whore. "Hey WHORE!!!...Want some more piss?...Fuckin' cunt!"
Michael snickered.

"Oh yes...MORE! Give the pig more piss...PLEASE!!...PISS IN THE SLUT'S
MOUTH!...PLEAgghhh...uggh...ggmmpph" Cumbag's plea was cut short by four streams
of hot piss. Two others added their streams to her mouth. One man was still
happy to fill her eyes with piss. Cumbag gargled around the six streams of piss
in her mouth. Cumbag kept her eyes open for the man pissing in her eyes...She
knew he wanted her to...As she franticly swallowed mouthful after mouthful hot
piss. Piss cascaded from her mouth covering her chin. Piss shot from her nose.
She heard the men laughing at her. She heard the filthy names the called
her....She was in heaven.

"WHAT IN HELL IS GOING ON IN HERE?" a voice boomed from the back of the crowd.
Cumbag heard muttering, pants being zipped and whispered swearing from the
crowd. Cumbag raised her head as the men's piss-streams ended and looked around.
Men shuffled around and the crowd parted. A policeman stood in the front of the
slut, looking down on her in contempt. Cumbag swallowed the last mouthful of
piss as her eyes began to focus. Behind the policeman stood 8 or 10 other cops
who eyed the crowd of men warily.

"What did these men do to you?...Did they all rape you?...Answer me!...What
happened here?" the policeman standing over her asked. Cumbag looked up into the
silhouette of the cop.

"N..N..No...Nobody raped me...I..I begged them to do this to me...I LOVE this.
I'm just a pig-whore. I love to suck cock, to be gang-fucked...to be a fucking
toilet. This is how a cock-pig like me should be treated...This how I LOVE to be
treated" Cumbag said.

"What are you...Some kind of a fucking slut?" the cop asked. Cumbag smiled and
licked her lips of the last traces of piss and moaned.

"Ooohh YESSS!!...That's just what I am...All that I am...I'm just a
SLLLUT!!!...I'm just a cocksucking, cumeating piss-whore! I love cocks...ALL
COCKS!" Cumbag moaned as she came again.

"That's just what I thought." The cop said with a sneer. Cumbag looked again
into the cop's face just as he spit on her forehead. "Here slut!...You don't
mind holding my nightstick...Do you?" he laughed as he shoved it up her
stretched asshole.

"Ugghh...OH FUCK YEAH!...Mmmmm...sooo gooood...shove everything up the fuck-pigs
ass...Oh...Shove it deeper...Please?...Please?...Ass-fuck the pig harder!"
Cumbag shouted as she wriggled he hips trying to force more of the nightstick
into her ass. Cumbag whimpered as she scooted across the floor trying to find
something to press against the other end of the nightstick so she could fuck it.
She couldn't. The cop put his boot on her cunt and pressed. Cumbag couldn't
move.

The cop looked over at Alex. "You don't mind if we use your cum-dump, do you?"
the cop asked Alex. Alex grinned back at the cop saying, "No...Go right ahead!
This pig-cunt will never get enough cocks or cum. Fuck the shit out of the
slut." They looked back at Cumbag as she screamed through another orgasm.

"Nnooo!...Oh...PLEASE!...Let the slut fuck the nightstick! PLEASE!!!...I'll be a
good cunt for you!...I promise!" Cumbag begged, looking around the room. Looking
at the men. Men had cocks!

"Ask them!...Go ahead! Ask them!...Please?...They'll tell you I've been a good
cunt!...I'm a good little slut, aren't I?...Aren't I a good cum-dump?...Cumbag
is a GOOD fuck-toy, Right?...Please tell him I am...PLEASE?....Tell him I'm a
good pig-whore so he'll let me ass-fuck the stick!...please...oh...please tell
him I'm a good whore" Cumbag whined.

"I'm sure you are, cunt!...I'm sure you are! Don't you remember me, slut?" the
cop said. Cumbag squealed when the cop kicked the nightstick deep into her ass.
When Cumbag came it slipped out of her dripping asshole. Cumbag squealed when he
kicked again.

"You were on the freeway...Thank you for coming here to fuck the slut...Thank
you for bringing the bitch some more cocks...OH...Please...Again!...Please, kick
the stick into my slut-ass again! The slut LOVES her nice nightstick...Fuck her
with it...Please...Don't
stop...Ooohhh....fuck...fuck...fuck...AGAIN!!!...Uugghh...Don't stop!....oh,
yeah...fuck...Mmmm" Cumbag felt the tension leave the room even through her lust
soaked orgasm. All the men knew the police weren't there to stop Cumbag's
gangrape...They came to join it.

Now the men and the police smiled at one another as they watched the groveling
slut writhing before them. The nightstick made a squishy sound when the cop
would kick it back into her ass. Cumbag's moaning and begging joined that sound.
In her ears she could her the laughter of the men, their encouragement of the
cop kicking the stick...and the sound of zippers. Cumbag came even harder as she
realized what that meant...The men weren't tired of fucking her...yet.

"Come on you fucking cum-slut! Time to do what you were made for....you fucking
pig." The cop kicking the nightstick said as he grabbed Cumbag by the hair. He
dragged the whimpering slut out of the toilet stall, slamming her onto her back
on the cold hard floor of the rest stop. He yanked the nightstick from Cumbag's
ass-hole. Men laughed at the sucking, slurping sound the nightstick made when it
was pulled out.

"Nnnoooo...Put it back!... PLEASE!...Put it back! Put it BACK!!!... Fuck my
slut-ass some more!...The slut needs to be fucked....PLEASE!!!...Fuck the slut!
Fuck the slut! Fuck the slu..." The cop shoved the nightstick into Cumbag's
mouth, shutting the cunt up.

"Clean my stick you fucking pig-whore! Damn!...You covered my nightstick in cum,
fucking STUPID-ASS Sssslut!...CUNT!... There must have been a quart of cum up
your fucking whores-ass! Clean it PIG!!!" the cop shouted as he fucked her mouth
with the gooey nightstick. A cop grabbed each of her ankles and pushed until her
feet touched the floor beside each of her ears. Another cop handcuffed her
ankles together with the cuffs running under her head. Cumbag looked like a
fuck-ball. Two of the cops faced each other and straddled the young bound slut.
They pulled hard, thick cocks from their flys, and crammed their cocks into the
pig. Cumbag groaned around the spit-wet nightstick at the sudden intrusion of
the cocks. One in her ass...and one in her cunt. Cumbag's groans quickly turned
into whimpers of lust as she began to gyrate her hips to urge the men on.  The
cop fucking her mouth with the nightstick pulled it free. "Goddamn fucking
pig-whore!...Fuck those cocks you fucking cunt!...Fuck them HARDER!!!" he said
as he hit her huge tits with the stick.

OOHH!...YESSSssss!...Give the slut your cocks...Please? The whore will fuck the
nice cocks ssoooo gooood....mmmmm....Fuck
me!...Please...Anybody...Please?...oh...I'm a good little fuck pig!....AM
I?...Am I good little fuck-slut?...Ooohh...I want to be a good little rape-toy
for you...Will you fuck me like a cunt should be
fucked?...Please?...uuhhmmm...Fuck my slut-fuckhole....I'm such a nasty little
cunt....Fuck me like the trash-slut I am!....uuhh...YES!!!...Like
THAT!!!!...uh...so good...fucking this slut so good....oohhh...yeah...that's the
way to fuck a cum-pig like me!...Oh God...Please don't stop...Please...fuck the
pig. FUCK the pig...uuhhmm...somebody fuck my top cunt...fuck my cock-sucking
mouth-cunt!!!"

"Here you go SLUT!!!" the cop fucking her cunt said as he yanked his cock from
her gripping cunt and aimed his cock at her upturned face. His partner pulled
his cock from her dripping ass and did the same.

"Nnnooo!!!...Put them back!...Please...Fuck me more!...Please...Cram your cocks
back into the slut!...Oh...Don't be mean to me...Please...Fuck the slut some
more!...Please" Cumbag shouted opening her eyes. She stopped begging when she
saw the two cocks pointed at her face.

"Oh YEAH!...YUMMY!!!...Cum in my face! Yeah!...Shoot all that hot cum all over
this cunt's face!....Mmmmm....HURRY!...Splatter the bitch!...I can't wait. Treat
me like the cum-catcher I am....ughhm...I LOVE cum...Make the slut all sticky
again and then wash my slut-face with your hot piss...hhppmm...gllgg..." Cumbag
coughed when the first jet of lumpy cum hit her in the back of the throat. The
next squirt of cum hit her upper lip and went up crossing her nose and ended in
her right eye. The other cops cock exploded send a thick angry stripe of cum
from just above her left eye across her nose to her open mouth. He laughed when
he noticed he and his friend had made a thick, white, sticky X across Cumbag's
face. The cops looked at each other, grinned, and spit on the X with a laugh.
His next spurt filled her mouth. Cumbag smacked her lips, creating a huge
cum-bubble that stretched until it popped, sending little droplets of cum all
over her face. The two cops continued to stroke their cocks sending smaller
squirts of jizz all over her face. The cop hitting her tits with the nightstick
looked up to the crowd of lusting men and said, "X marks the spot boys. Anyone
want to dump cum on the pig?"

Men surrounded the bound, big-titted slut and jerked stiffening cocks. While the
two cops squeezed the last dregs of cum from their cocks, three other cocks
started to squirt cum down onto Cumbag's face. Cumbag opened her mouth as wide
as she could, sticking her tongue out trying to catch every drop of thick, white
cum she could. Two jets of cum hit the tip of her nose simultaneously while the
third new cock spit cum across her forehead. Cum flowed down each side of her
nose like thick, white glue and dripped into her open mouth. Cum slid down her
forehead to her blond eyebrows. The two cops stepped back with their spent cocks
and four more men stepped up, pointing their hard cocks down and the cumming
slut. Another cop fucked his cock up Cumbag's loose ass-hole while a man knelt
on either side of the Cumbag's head.

"Cover that bitch in cum!"       "Eat that cum, you fuckin' whore!"     "You
CUNT-PIG!"

"Pound that slut's ass, man."     " Drown that tramp!"       "The slut fuckin'
LOVES it!" men shouted as the slut's face was covered in cum.

The men kneeling by her head filled her ears with cum. Cumbag whined at the loss
of her hearing. She loved to hear the nice things men said about her. Lust
fogged Cumbag's mind as she began to lose track of what was happening to her.
She remembered cock after cock after cock cumming in her face. She remembered
there was always a cock fucking her cunt or ass, usually both together. She
vaguely remembered her cunt and ass getting clogged with cum.  Alex had brought
a spoon from her toy-box. She remembered the spoon being stuck up her cunt and
ass. She remembered the men giving her spoonful after spoonful of cum from her
cunt and ass to eat. She had visions of begging for more cum to eat. Her mind
didn't start to clear until she felt the warm water on her face washing away
layer after layer of cum. She rolled her head under the warm stream, washing cum
from her ears. Suddenly, she could hear again.

"Hold him!"     "SHIT!...Don't get it on me...Fuck!...Put it on the bitches
face, where it belongs!"      "This is TOO fuckin' cool, man!"    
"MOVE!...You're in the way of my camera!"      "Now that's the way to treat a
cunt! Ha, Ha"      "LOOK!...I think the slut is waking up!"       "It's about
time...Fucking lazy-ass whore!"         "Wakey wakey, bitch!"

Cumbag's eyes began to focus on the dark shape over head. She opened her mouth
and swallowed the water....PISS!!!...Not water...piss. The black shape above her
began to get clear. It was a dog!...A Police dog!...The cops held one of their
police dogs making it piss in Cumbag's face. Cumbag loved to be pissed on, by
anything...The nastier the better.

"YES!...Come on boy!...gluggg...Piss in my face!...Make the dog piss in my
fucking face! Gugggphh....ughhhm...MORE! Give me more dog-piss!...PLEASE!!!
Cumbag begged as the dogs piss stream ended to soon. The three cops holding the
dog each spit in Cumbag's face. Cumbag held her mouth open for the spittle.

"Sorry, bitch...Looks like he's out of piss...But maybe this will make you
happy, cunt!" the dog's handler said as he pushed his dogs cock toward the
slut's open mouth.

"YUMMY!!!...I LOVE dog cock...Make him use my mouth like some bitches cunt...Ha,
ha,ha....I guess that's what my mouth is, isn't it? Ha, ha....Just a bitches
cunt!...Come on, boy...Cumbag will be the best bitch you ever had...Fuck my
mouth!...Come on boy!...Don't be shy!...Come on. Boy!...Fuck the
bitch-cunt-mouth."

Cumbag stuck her tongue out, licking the piss-dripping red cock. A long, thin
strand of dog-cum dangled off the dog's cock. Cumbag saw it and slurped into her
mouth like a strand of spaghetti.

"Uuhhmmm...FUCK!...That's so fucking GOOD!...Come on, boy...Give me some
more...UUGGHHhmmm...." The dog thrust forward suddenly fucking his cock to the
back of Cumbag's throat. Cumbag reached around and grabbed the dog's curled
haunches, pulling his cock deeper into her mouth.

Michael shoved his fist brutally up Cumbag's asshole in a single, hard thrust.
Cumbag's body shook violently as she came, but she still held for fast fucking
dog tight. The room grew silent for a moment. Then all the men broke out in
laughter at the squishing sounds Michael's fist made in her ass...and the
sucking sounds Cumbag made slurping the dog-cock. Michael yanked his fist from
the slut's ass with a loud 'POP'. Men laughed louder when Cumbag came again.

"Anybody want to fist the pig?" Michael asked the crowd. Todd took him up on his
offer. So did one of the cops. They put their hands together and pushed. They
grunted as their hands pushed into Cumbag's loosening ass. Cumbag's ass
stretched and stretched. It looked like it might rip. The men didn't care if it
did...Neither did Cumbag...It wouldn't be the first time. After all, Steve had a
Doctor friend who always put her back together when she was broken. Suddenly,
the slut's ass relaxed and the two fists slid into her ass. Their efforts were
rewarded with a round of applause from the crowd watching as they pushed their
fists in to halfway to their elbows. Cumbag's body shook as they began to
fist-fuck her ass.

Cumbag screamed around the dog cock pounding her mouth as the two hands pushed
into her asshole. Her scream seemed to trigger the dog into cumming more.
Cumbag's scream turned into wet, choking sounds as the dog growled and began to
empty his balls in the dog-sucking slut.

 At first, they fisted her ass together. It felt to Cumbag that she was being
ass-fucked by the biggest, sweetest cock she had ever had in her ass. After a
couple of minutes they changed the attack on her ass. When one man would drive
his fist deep into her ass, the other would pull his fist almost out. Then they
would swap their actions. Cumbag's ass felt like a balloon about to burst.

Cumbag choked on dog cum. Thin strands of dog-jizz dripped from her nose joining
the strands of clear dog-cum leaking from he lips. Cumbag franticly slurped the
red dog cock. The dog fucked her mouth hard and fast as Cumbag hollowed her lips
and worked her tongue over the pointed cock. The dog whined and yelped as the
slut turned her mouth into a dog-cum vacuum, sucking and slurping as hard as she
could. As Cumbag came again, she wiggled her hips to encourage the two men
fist-fucking her ass to fist her harder.

The room was full of the slurping sounds Cumbag made as she nursed on the
cumming dog cock, the squishing sounds of the men fisting her ass, and the
laughter and encouragement of the crowd.

"Suck that dog-cock, you fuckin' dog-whore!"                           "Fuckin'
WHORE!!!"

  "YO!...BITCH!!!...You a P-I-G, or what?"                       "Eat that
dog-cum, CUNT!!!"

"Hey man!...Really cram your fist up that slut's ass...YEAH!...Like that!...Too
Cool!"

"GOOD BOY!!!...Make your little bitch choke on your dog-cum! Yeah, GOOD BOY!!"

"Say Dude! Can I fist-fuck her, too?"        "Yeah!...Me too!"           "Suck
it, SLUT!"

"Pound that whore's ass, guys!"       "Fuck her mouth, boy!"               "Good
dog!"
     
  "HEY!!!!...I know, you guys! ...Let's fist her cunt at the same time!!!...Want
to?"

"Fuck YEAH!!!...Let's do it!!...Would you like that?.... BITCH!!!"

Cumbag moaned around the dog-cock. She didn't know if her cunt and ass could
stretch that far. She was willing to find out if that was what the men wanted
to, as usual. The dog's cock was all the way out of its sheath. The knot of his
cock was pressed firmly around Cumbag's lips. Suddenly the dog growled and
yanked his now sensitive cock out of the suck-slut's mouth. A huge wash of clear
dog-cum and spit poured out of Cumbag's mouth coating her chin and neck. The dog
jumped free of Cumbag as the dog's handler laughed, "Ha, ha, ha...Even dogs get
tired of fucking stupid little pig whores, huh?" The men laughed as the dog went
to a corner, lay down and started to lick his cock. One of the men said with a
laugh "Boy I wish I could do that!" Another man answered saying "Shit
man...That's what that bitch over there is for...Besides...That dog would bite
YOU man!" The men roared with laughter.

"PUT IT BACK!!!...Make him fuck my mouth some more...PLEASE!...I want to be the
dog's little cum-pig...I want to be a
dog-whore!..Uughghh...uuhhmmmppph..."Cumbag stopped begging as two men started
to force their hands into her cunt. The two men fist-fucking her ass never
relented as the other two men tried to fist-fuck her cunt. They just kept
pounding away. First the men trying to fist her cunt put their palms together
and tried to wedge their hands into her cunt. Cumbag moaned and her whole body
shook as they tried bringing a fresh round of laughter from the men. As Cumbag
groaned and whimpered at the impossible intrusion into her fuck-holes men would
step up to jerk-off on her face or just lean over and spit on the cumming slut.
The men trying to fist her cunt could only get their hands in to about their
wrists. The two fists in her ass made any further insertion impossible. Like a
crowd at a football game, the men shouted their encouragement to the four men
fist-fucking the bound whore.

"HARDER!"    "Come on guys!...You can do it! You can do it!"        "POUND IT!"

Cumbag was cumming constantly now. Her body and mind were being wrecked. Her
head was tilted to the left with her cheek against her ankle. He lips were lax
and her open mouth drooled cum and spit on her the floor. The pool of cum that
sealed her right eye flowed over her nose into her left eye. The cum from her
left eye ran down her head into her left ear onto the floor. She looked like
some kind of bizarre cum-fountain. As she breathed little cum-bubbles formed and
popped from the cum that leaked out of her nose. The rest of her face was
completely covered in cum. The features of the beautiful slut were distorted
under the half-inch of shifting cum that coated her face like glue. Cum slid off
of her huge tits, to her ribs, onto the floor like thick, white slugs. Men still
stood over the incoherent cunt adding their cum to pool the was enveloping the
whore.

Finally the men four men fist-fucking the slut's cunt and ass decided there was
absolutely no way they could get two fists into her cunt while there were
already two fists pounding her ass. In true democratic fashion a compromise was
reached. They agreed to each pound their fists into her asshole or cunt in
rotation. Like four men driving a railroad stake, a man would cram his fist into
her ass and pull it back out completely. Then like a boxer, a man would punch
his fist into her cunt and pull out. Then a different man would then punch into
her ass and pull out, then another man would then shove his fist into her cunt.
Then it would start over again as if the men were some kind of a four-cylinder
engine pistoning away.

Other men wanted to fist the bitch to so two lines were formed. One line was for
men who wanted to fist her ass, the other for men who wanted to fist-fuck her
cunt. Each man got to punch his fist into the fuck-hole of his choice once. Then
a new man would take his place. Having her cunt and asshole turned into a
punching for the crowd of men was too much for Cumbag to take. Her body
shuddered as she passed out. The men laughed and pounded her fuck-holes even
harder. Men kept splattering the bound, beauty with cum and spit. Sometimes
eight or nine men would be chuckling as they dumped their hot cum into her mouth
or face. Other times there would only be three or four. There were always at
least two cocks spitting their prick-snot on the whore. The assembly line was
still continuing when Steve entered the rest stop.

Steve peered through the crowd and watched as four of the cops were pissing in
the unconscious slut's face. Alex stepped over to Steve, slapping him on the
shoulder. "Hey, man...This pig of yours is TOO much, ha, ha, ha!" Steve smiled
at Alex "Great!...I'm glad you guys had some fun with the cunt. I hate to do
this, but I need to take the bitch. It has a busy week ahead. It has an
appointment at a horse ranch that we're late for."

Alex laughed. After getting the men's attention, Steve explained what he had to
do. Everyone that wanted to was given a last chance to hurt, fist-fuck, or cum
on the whore. Most of the men were tired and getting bored with the slut. But
some still wanted to get one last shot at her. Steve collected Cumbag's toys as
the last of the men did what they wanted to do to the bitch. The cops removed
their handcuffs from her ankles, thanked the bitch for a good time by spitting
in her face and left. As the rest of the men started to leave, Steve stopped
them.

"Do you guys mind helping me? The pig is a little too messy to put back into the
trunk of my car...Would you mine helping me clean the bitch up before you go?"
Steve asked as he pulled his cock out of his pants and pissed on Cumbag's
forehead. The crowd of men started to laugh and returned to help. The remaining
43 men stood shoulder-to-shoulder in a circle around the writhing slut. A
torrent of piss hit the slut from every possible direction. Cumbag shuddered,
choked, and sputtered as over thirty streams of hot piss hit her face. She
guzzled cum and piss as the other me pissed on the rest of her body. The floor
turned into a cesspool of piss and cum as she was cleaned.

The piss shower lasted about ten minutes. Finally every trace of cum was washed
from the whore. Steve grabbed Cumbag by her hair and dragged her through the
crowd of men. Men kicked her as she was dragged past them. They loved the way
her tits would slam together when they kicked them. Steve laughed when he had to
stop dragging her so a man could remove his boot from her cunt. It had gotten
stuck when he had kicked Cumbag in her cunt. As Steve dragged Cumbag across the
parking lot men thanked Steve for the fun they had with his pig-slut. Michael
helped Steve dump the mumbling Cumbag into the trunk of his car.

Steve looked down at the incoherent slut. "Well?...Did the whore have
fun?..Ha...ha...ha...Is the pig ready to go horse-back riding?...Sort
of...Ha...ha...ha!" Cumbag came as he slammed the trunk closed. She couldn't
wait.


The saga of Cumbag continues...


I hope you enjoyed this.

 Comments, suggestions, or emails of how wonderful I am may be sent to
stevedema@hotmail.com

 If you are a moron the address is stevedema@fuckyou.shithead

The only reward any of us amateur authors receive are emails of appreciation.
Whenever you read a story that you like, take a moment and email the author and
let them know. You DO want the amateur authors to keep spending what little free
time they have on YOUR entertainment...Don't you?  :)

Thanks




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve Dema


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





