BDSM Library - Jen's Passion For Susan's Dirty Panties




Jen's Passion For Susan's Dirty Panties
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two girls who share a flat wrestle in bed one morning, and when Susan gets Jen's head between her legs in a head lock, life is never the same again.
Jen's Passion For Susan's Dirty Panties

by Brenda


Susan noticed how Jen had suddenly changed since she had gotten her head down
between her legs in a head lock the Saturday morning they had wrestled on Jen's
bed. They both wore just baby doll pajamas, and their physical contact as they
wrestled had aroused both of them. In fact, Susan was embarrassed when she first
got Jen in that head lock between her strong thighs, with Jen's nose pressing
right against her damp nylon covered crotch. She almost let her go. But Jen
didn't seem to mind and it was such a turn on to have the pretty brunette's face
pressing right against her pussy like that.

Susan had never messed around sexually with another girl, and she was sure Jen
hadn't either, yet as she felt Jen's hot breath against her crotch as she panted
from her physical exertions, Susan became sexually aroused, her panties becoming
wetter. The thought that Jen was smelling her pussy and had her lips against the
wet material thrilled Susan. Furtively, she pressed her crotch tighter against
Jen's face, expecting fierce resistance from the pretty brunette. But Jen's only
response had been a soft whimper and a gentle caressing of Susan's thighs.

Dropping all pretence, Susan had moaned hotly and grabbed the back of Jen's head
as she began to hunch Jen's face. Susan had never been so hot for sex and
face-fucked Jen till she came to a quick and panting orgasm. Afterwards, Susan
had apologized profusely for being so dirty with her. Jen said they had both
became randy during their wrestling and hadn't minded, but blushingly asked
Susan not to tell anyone what had happened.

Several mornings later, Susan went into Jen's room to wake her for work. She was
stunned to see Jen laying on her side with the crotch of her own dirty panties
she had removed the night before in Jen's mouth. She quietly crept from Jen's
room and went back to her own. She looked at the clock and knew she had time to
do it and stretched out on her bed, pulling her panties off. She began to play
with her pussy as she thought about how she had face fucked Jen, and how Jen had
spent the night with her dirty panty crotch in her mouth. Jen fancied her, and
the thought thrilled her!

Jen had waken and was in the bathroom by the time Susan had finished playing
with herself. She went into the bathroom after Jen to wash her hands and looked
into the dirty clothes basket. Laying on top was her dirty panties. She picked
them up and felt the crotch which was soggy from Jen's saliva. Her pulse pounded
as she inspected the panties, noting that the brown 'skid marks' she had left in
them had even been sucked clean.

Susan was unable to concentrate on work that day. Was Jen a lesbian? Susan was
sure that the pretty brunette had never messed around with girls, yet she was
equally sure that Jen fancied her. They had shared the flat for over six months
and Jen had never shown any kinky desires for her. It must have been when they
were wrestling - Jen had gotten the scent and maybe even the taste of her cunt,
and had found it irresistible. Susan also wondered if she herself was a lesbian
for becoming so hot and turned on over the thought of Jen fancying her. She had
no desire to put her head down between Jen's legs, or to suck on Jen's dirty
panties. But if Jen was hot to do that to her, she was very keen and willing. If
that made her a lesbian, she didn't really care.

At lunch she went to the toilet and thought about Jen as she shit. Susan had
always been embarrassed over the 'skid marks' she always left in her panties
after shitting. No matter how well she wiped herself, there were always skid
marks in her panties. Jen had sucked her skid marks clean, and that thought made
Susan incredibly randy. She was going to leave nice skid marks in her panties
for Jen. She rubbed her pussy off as she sat on the toilet, thinking about the
brunette sucking on her shitty panties.

Susan was unable to think of anything else, and went home two hours early from
work, complaining of a severe headache. Susan wanted to send signals to her
flatmate and tempt Jen with her dirty panties again. She was going to let Jen
'catch' her playing with herself. She stripped down to just her pink panties and
stretched out on the sofa, idly caressing herself through the moist nylon
crotch, waiting for Jen to get home from work.

Jen was always punctual in arriving home, and Susan had no problem in timing her
orgasm. As Jen entered the lounge Susan was hotly whimpering as she brought
herself off. Jen blushed deeply and apologized for interrupting her, but didn't
appear to be shocked or disgusted. Susan said she had gotten carried away with
herself, and remarked how she had really soaked her panties with come. Rather
than leaving the lounge, Jen seemed to linger, a good sign to Susan. Rising from
the sofa, Susan removed the soggy panties, and resting one leg on the sofa,
brazenly wiped her pussy on the panties. Jen blushed again as Susan caught her
furtively watching.

Susan went into the bathroom and placed the panties on top on the dirty clothes
basket. She washed her hands and walked naked into the kitchen, joining Susan.
She yawned and said she loved napping after coming nicely, and asked if Jen
minded getting dinner. Jen seemed keen, telling Susan to have a couple hours
kip, that she would awake her when dinner was ready. Susan went to her room and
looked through the keyhole.  After several minutes she saw Jen enter the
bathroom, coming out a moment later with her dirty panties, taking them into her
bedroom.

Although she had just masturbated, Susan rubbed herself off again, thrilled by
the thought that Jen was doing the same thing in he own bedroom - while sucking
on her come filled and shitty panties! Her orgasm was as good as the previous
one, and she dfited off to sleep.


Two and a half hours later, Jen woke her for dinner. Susan put on her sexiest
see thru baby doll's and joined Jen for dinner. As they ate, Jen said she had
washed their lingerie. Susan thanked her, remarking that her panties had been
filthy with her skid marks and come. She looked away, pretending not to notice
the blush that remark caused Jen.

The next day Susan wanted to see how far Jen would go with her passion for her
dirty panties. Just before bedtime, she went out for a short walk. Ducking into
some bushes, she raised her skirt and squatted, pissing through her panties. 
She felt incredibly randy as her piss-soaked panties clung to her during the
short walk back to the flat. Jen giggled when Susan announced that she had
pissed herself. Susan went into the bathroom and undressed, leaving her
piss-soaked panties on top of the linen basket.  Saying good night to Jen, Susan
went into her room. Watching through her keyhole, Susan saw Jen walk naked into
the bathroom, coming out moments later with her piss soaked panties in her
mouth!

Susan lay in bed rubbing her pussy, her mind filled with kinky thoughts about
Jen. Tomorrow was Saturday and they both had a long four-day weekend off. It was
time that they wrestled again, this time in the nude. And this time, Jen would
suck her pussy and lick her bumhole and other kinky things that she had thus far
only done with her panties.

Jen was first to wake up the next morning, and brought Susan a cup of tea in
bed. Susan had slept in the nude and kicked the sheet off as Jen sat on the bed
beside her talking. Susan parted her legs wide and smiled to herself as she
noticed Jen's stealthy glances between her legs. She asked Susan if she wanted
to go out, and Susan replied that she felt lazy and just wanted to lounge
around. Susan opened and closed her legs suggestively several times and said she
also felt randy, and asked Jen if she would like to wrestle again, both of them
in the nude this time. Her her pulse quickened as Jen looked at her pussy and
said yes.

Kneeling up on the bed, Susan watched Jen remove her short nightie. Jen knelt
naked beside her and they clenched, giggling and quivering with pleasure as
their naked breasts rubbed against each other's. Susan was bigger and much
stronger than Jen and easily handled her, but she noted that Jen put up very
little resistance to her. She got Jen's head between her thighs in a head lock
with her face near her bottom. Jen inhaled Susan's scent, and unable to help
herself, began to caress her tightly clenched thighs. Susan made Jen gasp as she
moved her hand between Jen's legs, dipping one finger into Jen's wet, sticky
pool of lust. She giggled and called Jen a randy slut, adding that her pussy was
almost was wet as her own.

Jen responded hotly, parting her legs wide and hunching against Susan's
caressing fingers. Susan teased Jen's clit for a long moment and then remarked
that she was randy also and needed seeing to. She released Jen, and kneeling up,
sat astride Jen's prone body. Jen offered no resistance as Susan held her wrists
pinned to the bed over her head.

"I didn't tell anyone how we wrestled last Saturday," Susan said, staring down
into Jen's eyes. "Nor will I ever reveal your sexy passion for sucking on my
filthy panties."

"Y...you know?" Jen said, blushing crimson. "I...I feel so ashamed..."

"I'm not disgusted," Susan said. "The thought of you sucking my come and shit
and even my pee from my dirty panties really turns me on. Makes me hot and randy
to do dirty kinky things to you, know what I mean?"

"I...I'm not a...a lesbian...but I...I can't help it...." Jen stammered.

"I'm not a lesbian either," Susan replied, "but I do want to be sexy and dirty
and kinky with you. I'll be your kinky bitch if you be my kinky slut, eh?"
Slowly and deliberately she began to inch up over Jen, pinning her arms with her
knees.

"Are...are you going to...to make me suck your...your pussy and... and come in
my mouth?" Jen stammered as she stared up at Susan's gaping cunt.

"You'll have more than just the taste of my come in your mouth before the
morning's out," Susan said, using her fingers to peel her pussy lips wider
apart.

Unbidden, Jen raised her head between the other girl's legs and extended her
tongue. She whimpered hotly as the strong scent of cunt filled her nose and the
slightly salty taste of Susan's pussy juice coated her tongue. The taste of the
other girl thrilled her more than she had imagined in her masturbation
fantasies, and she lapped and sucked strongly at Susan's sex.

"You like the taste of my cunt?" Susan said, pulling away from the sucking
mouth. "Are you my dirty mouth lesbian slut?" Susan said, looking down at her.

"Yes! Oh, yes!" Jen replied, staring up at Susan's hairy crotch. "I'm your dirty
mouth lesbian slut."

"Your mouth is mine to dirty with my pussy and bottom in any kinky way I
desire?"

"Yes! I want you to dirty my mouth."

"I'm really windy this morning. Would you like to lick on my dirty bumhole and
smell my farts? Yes, I'm sure that's what you'd like," Susan said, moving off
Jen's face. "Scoot down on the bed so I'll have plenty of room to get my dirty
bottom right over your face."

Jen moved down on the bed and watched as Susan straddled her face again, this
time facing her feet and presenting her with her plump, well-shaped bottom. Jen
parted the cheeks and stared at the hairy crack and tight anus. She raised her
head and pressed her face between Susan's buttocks and inhaled the strong, musky
scent of an unwashed female bottom. She extended her tongue and licked Susan's
anus, whimpering at the lewd yet oh so thrilling taste. Susan's dirty bottom
excited her even more than her cunt, and Jen began to lave the other girl's anus
and hairy crack with her wet tongue.

"Ooohhh! That's so good! Much better than I thought it would be," Susan cooed
with pleasure. "I feel a sexy fart coming. Get your nose right against my
bumhole."

A moment later both girls squealed with passion as Susan farted against Jen's
nose. A short while later she farted again, making Jen whimper with depraved
excitement.

"I'm in love with your bottom," Jen said, panting with arousal as she licked
Susan's anus.

"And I've fallen head over heels for your dirty mouth and sexy tongue," Susan
replied. "Let's get really down and dirty, sweetheart."

Susan began to strain and Jen's pulse raced as she felt Susan's anus expand
against her tongue. "Do it, darling! Oh do it in my mouth!" she cried out as she
realized Susan's intentions.

Susan's anus expanded further and suddenly Jen felt something warm and solid
press against her tongue and slide between her lips. Several inches of Susan's
bittersweet love sausage filled her mouth, and Jen's lips rounded tightly
against it as she slid them back and forth, as if she were sucking cock. But
this was much better than sucking cock or any other sex, and her clit throbbed
with desire and passion as she laved the firm yet soft tip with her tongue.

"I never knew that shitting could be so sexy," Susan said as she felt Jen's
teeth biting close to her extended anus. She remained still as she listened to
Jen's whimpers of passion as she came to terms with her love offering that she
now had in her mouth.

Jen pressed the lump of Susan's shit against the roof of her mouth and began to
suck hard on it, trembling with wild and depraved lust as the taste filled her
mouth. She pressed her mouth to Susan's anus again and sucked hard. Susan knew
what she wanted and grunted and then relaxed as she felt her love offering pass
into Jen's mouth. It was a big one and found a natural passage down Jen's
throat. It took several seconds for Jen to realize that she had swallowed it
whole, and she began to wildly tongue clean Susan's dirtied anus.

"I've got to piss!" Susan said, sitting up suddenly and moving her cunt level
with Jen's mouth.

Jen only had time to whimper with passion and open her mouth wide before Susan
began to gush a torrent of warm, salty pee in her face and mouth....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





