BDSM Library - Hard Day At The Office




Hard Day At The Office
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Staff are happily working at the office when suddenly gunmen burst in and take over. They humiliate the staff and force female workers to perform unspeakable acts.
Hard Day At The Office

It was Thursay afternoon when the office was at its most quiet. We have 12
staff, 10 men and 2 girls. One of the girls Leah is 27 the other is 60. Leah is
a petite brunette with long legs and large breasts. She is a little bitter in
her personality and snaps easy when people disrupt her, most of the time people
walk on egg  shells when dealing with her. It was on this aftersoon when
everything changed.

	At about 2pm, 2 masked men barged in with guns, and demaded we all get
into the back of the office. They locked our front door and shut all the
curtains. They proceeded to take all the money  from a safe and bundled up our
notebook computers. We thought that this is where it would end, but as they
started to leave one of the men seemed to notice Leah and said something to his
friend. They  both looked back and smiled at her. I could immediately see the
fear on her face because I think she new exactly why they smiled. They put down
their goods and came over to her, started touching her  hair as she sat in front
of the computer. One of the men was behind her and I could see tears welling up
in her eyes. Her reached down the sides of her chair and without warning grabbed
the bottom of her blowse and lifted quickly. He must of grabbed it very hard as
he also got hold of ger bra. Her shirt lifted over her face and her two huge
tits sprung out and flopped up and down. I know we should have turned away but I
just couldnt, in fact I didnt see any of the staff look away. She had the most
beautiful tits I have  ever seen. She was wriggling around trying to get the
shirt of of her face but they held her still until she stopped trying. Her belly
and tits were exposed to the world, and all she had on was her little skirt and
shoes. The second man came over and  started playing with her tits, I saw them
meld into his hands. Then they started grabbing her nipples and pulling, taking
great pleasure in watching them rebound and her tits giggle. I saw her nipples
start to go very red and they started to look sore. They made her stand up,
still with her shirt covering her face.

	Her little skirt had a zip up the back which went down about 8 inches.
He unzipped the zip and her arse crack came into very. She was wearing a
G-string which was not exposed from the back. He grabbed the skirt and pulled it
down to her ankles. She was wearing the  tiniest panties which seemed to mould
themselves around her pussy. I couldnt help it when my dick started to get hard,
even though I  know I shouldnt have. In fact I think every guy in the office
felt the same way. She had silkly legs and a beautiful body.

	The first robber started to feel her body and rubbed his hands over her
panty line. He made her bend over in front of us and we could see her well
formed pussy outline through her panties. She stood up and the robber suddenly
without notice grabbed the side of her g-string and pulled with aggression. I
saw them stretch to the max then snap, they ripped off of her. Her body recoiled
with the force and her pussy now beared itself to us all. I couldnt believe it,
she was fully shaved and I went as hard as a rock. They robbers started to play
with her pussy, their fingers starting to rub over her. He started to laugh and
said to his mate, "I cant believe it, this chick is soaking wet !", Leah must
have secretly enjoyed some part of this but we could still see  the fear in her.
He started to slide his fingers inside her and we could all see the juice and
the ease at which they went in her. He had all four fingers inside her and
seemed to be quite rough. He looked up at us and I think he noticed that we were
all secretly enjoying ourselved. The next thing that happened was quite a shock.
He told all of the guys in the office to take off their pants. We had to oblige,
and when we did he saw that we were all hard. All of our cocks stood to
attention. They found this quite funny, so they brought Leah over in front  of
us. They bent her over so her arse was facing. He grabbed her arse cheeks and
spread them, so her pussy was exposed to us. This made me as hard as a rock. He
made us one at a time come over and feel her pussy. It was so wet and warm and
smooth, we all couldnt help but enjoy it.

	They held her down and told us to come over and fuck her until we came.
We lined up and I was 3rd in the line. Our first staff memember was only 18 and
he slide his cock inside her, he only pumped about three times when he came. He
pulled out and his cum squirted out of her pussy, then started to dribble down
her leg. Next in line was a 65 year old guy, who had a wrinkly cock, but it was
still hard. He put it into her and it seemed to go in very easy, as it was
already soaked in cum. He pumped and pumped and we didnt think he was going to
cum, he must have gone for about 10 minutes. Suddenly he came and his cum seeped
out of her pussy. I looked down at her hole and it was soaked in old semen and
there was a puddle on the floor. I felt revolted that I had to put my cock in
that shit. None the less I did, and so did the rest of us. Her pussy now gapped
open, it had been fucked by all of us, cum was everywhere. I dont no where it
came from but one of the robbers pulled something out of his bag. It was like a
cock pump except in the shape of a pussy. He put it over her pussy and started
to pump. It suctioned itself to her pussy, he pumped it up and we could see it
start to suck out the semen from inside her, then as he vigerously pumped more,
her pussy expaned inside it, filling the whole thing. She started to cry in
pain.

	This guy was not happy until he physically could pump any more, he
seemed to use all his strength and pumped as hard as he could. When he couldnt
anymore he reached down and grabbed the base and wrenched it off. Her pussy was
huge and very very red. I had never seen this before and the whole thing was
deformed.

	He tried to push his fingers inside her, but it was much tighter now and
he really struggled. Finally he managed and her swollen red mound seemed to grab
onto his fingers. They started to take photos, close up of her swollen pussy. I 
couldnt believe this and I new that Leah would never come back to work again.

	Leah was lying face down on the carpet now with her legs spread open. We
were ordered to all fuck her swollen pussy again and this time I new it was
hurting her. Her pussy ended up so red and sore, it was amazing but I secretly
new we were all still turned on by the experience. As she laid down in front of
use they spread her arse cheeks again. He inserted 2 fingers from each hand into
her pussy and pulled them apart, Her gapping pussy opened up and we could all
see deep inside her. He looked up at us and said "like that boys ?".

	I new that the office would never be the same again, but I was feeling
quite a rush as I new we could never be blamed and to some degree would also be
the victims. They ended up striping Leah naked and we all had to look into her
eyes knowing that we had all just been inside her. He stood her up and with the
biggest whack I have ever seen, smacked her arse. She screamed out and the
biggest welt rose up, the perfect hand mark was over her arse. He said that it
was something to remember it by.

	Both men left the office and Leah sat down in front of us in tears,
still naked and obviously humiliated and in pain. Although we went to comfort
her I couldnt help but to take another glimpse of that perfect pussy. We all new
that we enjoyed fucking her but we would never ever admit it. Leah never came
back into the office again and we all received coucelling for our experience.
And yes we were the victims, or at least thats what everyone thinks. After all
we had  no choice in the matter ?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jon Anderson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





