BDSM Library - Small Sacrifices




Small Sacrifices
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Their love for one another is tested when they make sacrifices in the name of love.
Small Sacrifices

Disclaimer: I do not know nor am I affiliated with 'N Sync, WEG, or Jive
Records.  This is a work of fiction.  These events did not happen to the best of
my knowledge and therefore actions taken in this story do not reflect the true
nature of the characters involved.  This story does not imply anything about the
sexuality of the person(s) involved.

Rating: NC-17 for content including homosexuality themes.

Summary: Their love for one another is tested when they make sacrifices in the
name of love.

Author's Notes:  Surprisingly, I don't know how, but people actually read
"Golden Phoenix" so I thought I'd give this another shot.

Affiliates: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Little_Boy_Blue




Small Sacrifices I

 

Their love had always been based on that unconditional love they had for one
another.  Their love was one of those surreal dreams you hear about all the
time, but never witness much less fortunate to experience. Two best friends
against all odds found love in one another.   Love.  That love still existed.
Justin refused to let that love die. He lived to know that JC loved him.    And
true, Josh loved Justin.  And Justin loved Josh.  JC had always made sacrifices
for his young lover.  And Justin would return that love by making his share of
sacrifices. 

It was just recently now that Justin started to feel as if he was making more
sacrifices for the sake of their love. They lived in the limelight.  Every move
they made together was constantly being scrutinized, making spending time
together an almost impossible task.   JC no longer visited him at the sets of
his movies bearing a carton of his favorite ice cream.  It was always Justin
making that midnight flight to catch JC at a small gig and flying across the
continent back to wake up for his morning shoot.  There were far too many times
when JC cancelled their plans for an evening out in town at the last minute to
meet with agents, Justin understood.  After all, he was there, too, when 'Nsync
arose from mere spectacles to dominate the pop world.

At the pinnacle of Justin's career, the rumors of the two lovers spread like
wild fires, escalating to mass proportions.  Justin's career wasn't affected
much, not the way the rumors had had a strain on JC's static career.  JC had
explained to Justin that they couldn't spend nearly as much time together
anymore. JC had requested him to stop attending the remaining press conferences
of the year. The rumors would never be extinguished if the media saw him at the
press conferences.  And Justin would tell JC that it was okay. He had planned to
go out and play ball anyways despite the below freezing Chicago temperature. 
And when JC asked him to sit at another table during an award show late last
year, Justin wanted nothing more than to cower and die. Instead, he put on his
million dollar smile and joined Lance in the table reserved for rumored
boyfriends for a pop star like JC whose fan base was still predominantly teenage
girls could not possibly have a homosexual relationship. When JC forgot his
birthday earlier this year, Justin was devastated, but understood.  He had been
working diligently all week long.  He didn't mean to forget his birthday.  And
JC apologized relentlessly. He even got down on his knees for him.  How could
you deny a man on his knees?   You couldn't.  They made up later in the week
with JC taking Justin to an Orlando Magic basketball game.  Courtside seats,
too.  JC had done so much for him.  So, when he was offered a role in an
upcoming period piece working beside Paul Newman, Justin turned down the offer
without any hesitation.  The film could establish him as more than just your
pretty blonde bombshell, offering a more challenging role than his type-cast
role of high school heartthrob falling for the school outcast.   But the film
would take him to the countryside of Ireland for at least four months.  Four
months he could just sit and gaze at JC all day as he worked on his material.              

Now towards the end of the four month period that he could have spent in
Ireland, Justin was bored out of his mind.  And sad to say, regret was on his
mind.  He silently cursed himself for having such thoughts.  JC has always made
sacrifices for him. He, too, could sacrifice for JC.  The timing was perfect. 
JC, the solo artist, was starting to make noise in the musical world.  It was
his time now to soar as a solo artist.  Music was his life.  There was no
question.  Singing was innate for JC as breathing was for an ordinary person. 
It was something he knew how to do and something he was good at.  It was the
only thing that came natural to him.  To stop singing was to stop breathing. 
And because this was JC's time, Justin must support him whole- heartedly. 
Besides, it was only a movie.  Another offer would come, but a love like this
only happened once in a lifetime.  This was their once in a lifetime.

            



The silence echoing in the room gnawed at Justin mercilessly.  The clock hanging
over yonder at the back of the room continued to tediously ticked away precious
seconds. Seconds he could not ask for anymore.  Once gone, forever gone.  On the
eve of their 1st year anniversary, instead of celebrating the coming day, his
boyfriend had literally barricaded himself inside their bedroom. And because he
wished to spend every moment of his waking hours with him, he chose to stay
inside as well.  It had been several hours.  The sun was glinting across the
length of the dark oak table.  It was such a beautiful day, but what was a
beautiful day without spending it with the one you love.  He could no longer sit
still.  He began nibbling on his fingernails as he tapped repeatedly on the
table, vying for his attention.

"Josh."

"Not now."

"Josh, please."

"What is it?!"  JC snapped, exasperatedly. 

"Never mind." Justin pouted.

He got up from his seat next to JC and walked away.  His head hung low as he
made his way toward the door.  Why wasn't he stopping him?  Why didn't he care
if he left or not? Tears were brimming in his eyes as his hand wrapped around
the brass doorknob.  He turned the knob open ready to leave when he felt a cold
hand enclosed over his, pulling the door shut. 

"I'm sorry." JC whispered into his boyfriend's ear. "Please don't leave.  You
ought to know by now that everything I do is for us. For you alone."

Justin sighed deeply, wallowing in the faded memories of their once thriving
relationship.

Justin closed his eyes to prevent the tears from escaping.  He sighed deeply. 
Without turning his head, he twisted out of JC's hold to massage his cold hand
warm. JC had been writing busily all day.  The spring breeze caressing the white
curtains left JC's hands cold and dry. 

Cold and dry hands he would kiss for always.

 

 

 (c) 2001 Aphrodite




Small Sacrifices II

Leaning against the bathroom door, he watched intensely as his boyfriend prepped
himself for tonight's gala.  As usual, JC sang loudly as he fixed his hair. 
That voice.  Justin remembered how that voice would sing him to sleep night
after night. That heavenly voice was music to his ears.  How the musical world
would disregard JC's God given talent, Justin would never understand.  JC had
just finished putting on the tie and was now in the process of spraying himself
with mists of cologne.  How Justin loved the way JC smelled.  He was so tempting
to leave his post and kissed JC, savoring the sexy musk he was emitting, but the
doorbell suddenly rang.

"Justin, baby, can you get that for me?" JC asked.

Justin nodded meekly.  He slipped out of the bathroom and made his way across
the hotel suite to open the door.  It was Johnny and from the look on his face
and the sound of his voice, he hadn't expected to see Justin opening the door
for him.

"Justin.  I didn't expect to see you here." Johnny said as he invited himself
in.

"I know since this is only my boyfriend's hotel room." Justin commented.

An unnerving silence fell between the two as they stared grimly into each
other's eyes before JC entered the picture, breaking the silence.

"Hey, Johnny. Have a seat." JC greeted his manager with a ludicrous smile. 

"Thanks, JC." Johnny said, taking a seat on the small sofa. 

Justin, not wishing to spend a moment longer with Johnny, walked to the closet
to retrieve a suit he had bought earlier today specifically for tonight's event.
He strolled past Johnny when Johnny suddenly sprang up, intercepting Justin's
path.

"I don't think you should come tonight." Johnny said.

"And why not?" Justin challenged his former manager's ridiculous request.  "JC
is my boyfriend. Tonight's his big night. I want to support him.  Lance is
going.  Why aren't you so adamant about him going?"

"Because Justin, Lance wasn't the one caught walking out of a hotel holding JC's
hands." Johnny explained so casually.

  "We didn't do anything, Johnny." Justin responded. His voice affected by his
emotions.

"I don't care." Johnny replied.  "You did enough."

"But-"

"Justin, listen to me.  You need to stay away from JC.  He's a pop star.  And
pop stars have young screaming female fans. You of all people should know.  He
can't have a boyfriend. It will ruin his career."

"But JC isn't a pop star. He's a musician."

"Until he wins the Grammy and gain respect from the media, he'll be a pop star.
Once a boy band member, always a boy band member." Johnny said.

Justin sank to his seat, devastating that he couldn't attend the gala.  He held
onto his gray Prada suit, relishing the scent of the brand new suit.  The door
creaked open and he carelessly tossed the suit behind the small couch.  Wiping
his eyes, he got up from the couch to meet JC's embrace with a kiss on his
cheek.

"Baby, what's wrong?" JC asked, peering through Justin's misty blue eyes.

"He's okay." Johnny spoke on Justin's behalf. "We were reminiscing over old
times and Justin got a little emotional."

"Is that true, baby?"

"Yes." Justin nodded. 

"Silly.  There's no need to shed tears over the past."

JC laughed a little, getting his jacket on.  He walked towards the door with
Johnny following close behind when he noticed that Justin hadn't moved an inch. 
He was standing still in the middle of the hotel room. His hands fidgeting as he
stared gloomily down at the floor beneath his feet.  

"Baby, are you coming? You didn't keep me up all last night whining about not
being able to attend the gala and now bailing out on me?  I already asked Lance
to save you a seat at the table next to mine."

Justin opened his mouth to speak, but hesitantly closed his mouth shut when
Johnny tossed him a disapproving glare.  He remained silent for a brief moment,
pondering over his lists of excuses he would often use when he didn't want to go
somewhere.

"Nah." Avoiding JC's eyes, he continued. "I really wanted to check out that new
restaurant we booked downtown.  Plus, TNT is having another marathon of 'White
Men Can't Jump'."

"Okay, then.  I'll have Lance check up on you." JC smiled, kissing Justin softly
on the lips.  "Good night, sweetheart.  Don't wait up.  If all goes well, I'll
probably have a drink or two with potential record dealers."

Justin nodded.  He watched as JC slowly left his arms to meet up with Johnny. 
Johnny stepped outside the room, leaving JC trailing behind him.  He was
trailing behind him. He was stalling a few precious seconds before leaving.  Not
wanting the moment to end, Justin leapt forward, capturing JC's arms.  He spun
him around to face him.  He leaned forward and kissed JC passionately on JC's
lips before releasing him.

"Good luck, Josh." Justin said upon release. 

"Thank you.  All I need is you. You are my lucky charm.  Good bye, Justin."

"Good bye, Josh." Justin said, still clinging onto his boyfriend desperately. 
"I love you."

"I love you, too, Justin."

"I really do love you.  More than my favorite ice cream and all the cereal
combined."

"Okay.  I'm not going to say anymore." JC smiled at his young boyfriend.  "If I
tell you I love you, you'll give me that pout of yours and I'll never leave in
time to actually perform at the gala.  So, I won't.  Bye, baby."

"Bye..." Justin whispered softly as JC slipped out of his grasp.  He watched
poignantly as JC's figure dissipated to a mere speck down the hall.  With the
sound of the elevators closing on him, he stepped back inside and slumped down
onto the floor. 

 

What was happening to their love?  Where was the passion?  Did Josh still love
him unconditionally?  He wept as he crawled to their bedroom.  He turned on the
television in a futile attempt to get his mind off of Josh.  He stopped at TNT. 
They were indeed playing "White Men Can't Jump".  Justin turned off the
television and tossed it aside. He buried his face in the pillow and sobbed
quietly.  The day of their first year anniversary and his boyfriend wasn't here
to share in the celebrations.

Instead of moping around the hotel, doing nothing productive, Justin walked back
into the master suite. His eyes landed on the folded suit on the floor beside
the couch.  He bent over and picked up the suit.  He was going to wear it
tonight. He was going to Le Bristo tonight.  With or without Josh, he was going
to celebrate the happiest day of his young life.

He called a cab to take him to the restaurant. He gave the cab driver a generous
toll and approached the restaurant.  He entered and was overwhelmed by the
weight of everyone's eyes on him as he made his way toward a table assigned by
the host.  The food critic was right about the place. The food was exquisite,
yet, everything was bland.  And the fact that he was denied alcohol to take his
troubles away didn't help him feel any better either.  Not quite an hour later,
he left the restaurant. 

Instead of calling for another cab, he opted to stroll along the brilliantly lit
downtown streets, lamenting in his current despair.  The night of their
anniversary and he couldn't spend it with JC.  Rather JC wouldn't spend it with
him.  His legs kept walking, taking him down several blocks when his face lit
up.  It was a small jewelry shop.  Justin entered the shop. He waved his hand,
acknowledging the shopkeeper.  He browsed through the many cases of jewelry.
Each shone so brightly, it was blinding him.  The only thought that crossed his
mind was that this necklace, this bracelet, this ring would love beautiful on
JC.  He selected a small gold band and walked up to the counter. 

"For your special lady?" The accented man spoke.

"Yes.  It's our anniversary gift." Justin explained. 

"She's one lucky lady."

"Yes." Justin said.  "And I am, too."

"But you don't look so lucky." The man noticed the single teardrop slipping past
his lids. 

"I don't know if the one I love still loves me." Justin cried. 

"Shh...What if I tell you that you there's a way you can tell if he loves you?"

"And what way might that be?"

"In the little things he does for you."

"Thanks." Justin thanked the man behind the counter, oblivious to what had just
passed between him and the man behind the counter.  

 

Justin paid for the ring, leaving without getting his change. He wanted to leave
now. It was getting late. And he wanted to get to the hotel to get some rest.
Maybe tomorrow, JC would make it up to him and take him to another basketball
game. He had to save his energy for that. Still gazing at the ring he had just
bought, he failed to notice someone honking at him.  He looked up to find a van
driving slowly along the street in the wrong direction.

"Hey!" The man hollered, again, as he continued to ignore him.  "Hey, I'm
talking to you!"

"What is it?" Justin stopped to ask, after the man repeatedly called out for
him.

"Where is Parkway Avenue from here?"

"Down past the water fountain." Justin answered.

"Where, again?" The man asked, getting out of the van to approach Justin. "I'm
not from this town.  Maybe you can show me?" The man said, pushing a gun into
Justin's stomach. Justin's eyes widened with fear as the ring he held tightly
slipped out his hand.  "Get in the car." Justin shook his head. He wanted to
move. He wanted to run, to scream out the top of his lungs.  He wanted to do so
much, but he remained stagnant as a few more hands grabbed him from behind.  The
four men shoved him into the van, where he was met with three more men.  The
ring left behind- a faded memory of their once perfect love.

 

(c) 2001 Aphrodite




Small Sacrifices III

~this chapter contains adapted lyrics from "You Don't Have To Be Alone" written
by JC Chasez for the Grinch Soundtrack~

JC sat in the limo. His head hung between his legs as he mulled over his
relationship with Justin.  He hands reached inside his pants pocket, feeling for
the platinum band he had carried with him for nearly a year waiting for the
perfect moment to ask Justin to marry him.  But when would the moment come?
Never. JC sighed deeply. He didn't know when they fell apart.  The love that
they had was like a work of art. He used to see heaven in Justin's eyes. Now
angels were falling from his sky.  Since when did he stop loving Justin? Since
when did Justin become second to his career, second to his music?  JC Chasez
always had two passions in life. One was music. The other the curly haired blond
boy he had befriended seven years ago.  He had always thought Justin would be
first in his heart, but now he came to the confounding realization that music
had taken precedence in his heart.  If the time called for him to leave Justin
to pursue his career, JC was mortified he'd leave Justin weeping on the cold
tiles of his bathroom floor. He couldn't live without singing for music was his
life.  Justin was just an added bonus in life.  The cherry on top.
 
The limo ride ended abruptly in front of the Chinese Mann theatre.  As he
stepped into the night behind Johnny, cameras flashed in every direction,
blinding him completely to the point that he was unaware of Lance and Joey
waving at him on the red carpet.  He joined his bandmates in the midst of the
media frenzy.  They shook hands, but couldn't resist embracing in a group hug.
The media went crazy, snapping shots of the three members of the hottest pop
ensemble since the Beattles. They flirted briefly with the media, basking in
their rekindled glory.  Lance was a successful CEO of his management firm. And
he was only 21.  Joey went on to own one of the busiest night spots in Miami,
Fl. And JC was well on his way to be the among the greatest musical artists the
world would know.  If he so chose to.  He had the world in the palm of his hand
because when it came down to it, JC had the God-given talent to soar past the
stars. 
After several minutes on the red carpet, the three former members of 'Nsync
filed into the packed theatre where they united with yet another one of their
bandmates.
"JC!"
"Chris!" JC stumbled past the tables to hug Chris tightly.  "I missed you,
buddy."
"I missed you, too." Chris said, breaking away from JC. 
JC's eyes brightened as he saw the pregnant Dani sitting at the table.  She held
onto the table, positioning herself to get up when JC stopped her.
"Don't move an inch. I'll go there." JC said, rushing to Dani to give her a hug. 
"How far?"
"Six months." Dani answered, a smile so wide it stretched from ear to ear. 
"This is the best 'Nsync reunion ever!" Joey clapped his hands cheerfully.
"Too bad Justin couldn't be here with us." Lance added, disappointingly.
"Way to be a party pooper, Scoop." Chris joked as he slapped Lance in his
behind. 
The four members of 'Nsync broke in a fit of laughter as they relished their
moment together. 
 
Justin was all alone, cowered in the filthy corner of the van.  He wrapped his
arms around his knees, burying his face in his knees.  He did not wish for any
of these ruthless men to see him weak.  As expected, the van stopped abruptly. 
The door slid open.  And the men half dragged him into a dark warehouse. 
Several guns pointed at him in case he was foolish enough to try to escape.  The
warehouse closed its doors and darkness consumed the drafty building.  The
lights suddenly turned on and the leader of the operations approached him.
"What do you want?" Justin asked, struggling still in their strong hold. 
"First off, shut up so I can make a phone call!" The man he would learn as Jake
answered back with a slap across his face. 
Justin began to sob quietly as the grip on his arms tightened.  He slumped to
the floor between the two men as the others looked on.
"What is it boy?!" Jake asked, again.  "Didn't you want to know for sure if he
still loves you? Well, this is your chance.  Now shut up or I'll fuckin' cut off
your tongue."
Justin's sobs reduced to mere sniffles as Jake made his all important phone
call. 
"We got the boy, boss." Jake informed the caller on the other line.
"Good.  Now you know what to do next, right, Jake?"
"It depends.  Will we see the money?" Jake asked. 
"Of course.  Kevin Richardson never swallows his words.  You'll see all of the
money as promised.  I have no desire for the money."
"Okay.  Then I guess we do know what to do next."
 
Jake laughed and soon their sinister laughter drowned out the sobs from Justin. 
Noticing the weeping boy still on the floor, Jake tossed his phone aside and
approached the boy. He grabbed him by his crown of golden curls. He peered into
those misty blues and licked his lips hungrily.  He moved his hand to his crotch
and groped himself. 
"You're so damn pretty. I can't wait to get my hands on you."
Again, the laughter echoed throughout the warehouse as Justin whimpered.  At
Jake's cue, the men pulled Justin to his feet.  They held onto him tightly as
Jake stepped forward.  Justin coiled away only to be stopped by Jake's forceful
grip around his neck. 
"What's the number?"
Justin shook his head. Tears threatened to fall.  What number?
"I said what's the number?" Jake asked, again, releasing his grip on Justin.
"I don't know what you're talking about." Justin answered, tending his sore
neck.
"You know exactly what I'm talking about.  What's the number to that fuckin' pop
star?"
Josh.  Jake was referring to Josh. What did they want from him?  A thousand
thoughts flooded his obscure mind as Jake bent his knee and struck him in the
groin.  A loud scream echoed painfully and Jake grabbed him by the hair.  He
posed his question one more time.
"What's the number to his fuckin' cell?"
"I don't know. I don't know. JC's only my best friend." Justin rambled quickly.
"Do you take me for a fool, boy?!" Jake shot back.  "I know you're his fuckin'
whore.  Now tell me what's his number?"
"No." Justin shook his head, wildly.  "I won't."
   
Jake released Justin, letting the soft curls fall unceremoniously onto the dirty
matted floor.  He raised his hand and soon the other four men joined them.
"Boys.  Be gentle with our Hollywood Golden boy here and share."
Tears slid down his face as the men closed in on him.  He was surrounded by all
the men as Jake watched from beyond.  They were reaching for him.  He could hear
them arguing as to who would get his dick.  As to who would take his left ball. 
His right ball.  As to who would be the first to rape him.  Silently he prayed
for a miracle. Anything to just stop this from happening to him.  As the first
hand reached for his shirt, the phone in his jacket rang.
 
(c) 2001 Aphrodite
11/04/02 at 8pm ET on ABC: 20/20 Interview with Barbara Walters
11/05/02: 'Justified' goes on sale




Small Sacrifices IV

"Hey, Justin." It was Lance. "JC is right here next to me." Lance said, tossing
back JC's phone to its rightful owner.
"Hi, Justin." JC said into the phone only to have the phone disconnected. 
That's odd. JC thought. 
"What's wrong, JC?" Lance, always so observant, asked. 
"I don't know.  The phone got disconnected." JC explained, running his hand
through his dark locks.
"Maybe the battery ran out." Joey offered an explanation.
"Yeah.  Joey's right.  I'm sure he'll call right back." Chris added. 
JC nodded.  He got up from their table and made his way back to his table to
join Johnny.  Upon his arrival, Johnny flashed him a smile.  JC sat down for no
more than 30 seconds before the phone in his jacket started to ring rigorously. 
His four friends at the table next to him all smiled back at him as he answered
the phone.
"Hello." JC greeted.
"What is gold and blue?" An unfamiliar voiced answered with a mind-bobbling
question. 
"Pardon me."
"Maybe you need a little hint." Jake removed his hand from the mouthpiece and
approached the chaotic scene further into the warehouse.  "The answer is
Hollywood's Golden Boy.  Call back if you want to see him alive, again."  
 
The phone slipped out of his hand and crashed onto the carpeted floor.  JC
closed his eyes and clenched his fist. Anger consumed his entire being as he
retrieved the phone, again, but it was too late. Jake had ended his phone call,
but not before letting JC hear Justin's faint cries in the background. 
 
"Please, go away." He heard him begged once. 
"Please, don't touch me." Another one of his cries.
"Keep your hands off me." Yet another. 
"NO!!!" He heard him scream.  "No, please, don't." He heard the ripping of some
fabric.
And then the phone slipped out of his hand and crashed onto the carpeted floor. 
JC closed his eyes and clenched his fist. Anger consumed his entire being as he
retrieved the phone, again, but it was too late.  
"Who was that?" Johnny leaned over toward JC, squeezing his arm in a comforting
gesture. 
JC turned to look at his manager. Trying to fight off the trembles, he spoke as
calmly as he could. 
"Nothing.  Nothing." He said, taking another sip of fine wine. 
"Good.  Because the evening is about to start." Johnny said, toasting his
client. 
"Thanks." JC mumbled as he sunk into his seat. 

His eyes transfixed on the sparkling champagne in his glass.  So beautiful. So
intoxicating.  As was Justin.  Why couldn't he just forget about him for one
night?  Why couldn't he just enjoy himself for one night without being haunted
by Justin's angelic face?  A record executive sat down besides him.  He extended
his hand in an attempt to introduce himself.  JC failed to notice the burly man. 
His presence remained oblivious to JC until Chris stretched his body from the
nearby table to break his reverie.   
"Oh.  Hi.  I'm so sorry." JC apologized, taking the older man's hand and shaking
it vigorously.
"It's okay.  Something on your mind, son?" Richard Crawford asked.
"No.  Nothing.  I'm just a little nervous about tonight." JC lied through
clenched teeth as he buried his fingernails into the soft cushion of his seat. 
"Don't be, son.  You'll blow them away." Richard Crawford assured.
Richard Crawford proceeded to sell himself and his record company to JC,
offering him a ludicrous deal that would make him a multi-millionaire by the
time he was 30.  He explained in details what his company was all about. The
musicians.  They would foster their artists, help them succeed in every way
possible.  The company sounded promising and Richard Crawford seemed like a
genuine man, but everything from that big mouth of his was nothing more than
gibberish.  JC nodded occasionally as he sipped his champagne.  It was so
routine for him to just nod, take a drink, and smile.  After Richard Crawford
left, others would occupy his vacant seat and offer him some more deals.  All to
which, JC would nod, take a drink, and smile.  The show began and the classy
crowd erupted in cheers as they welcomed the President of the American Cancer
Association.  All except for JC, who was so deep in his thoughts that he failed
to hear his own name being announced as one of the many performers that night.
"JC, what's wrong?" Johnny leaned over to check on his client.
"Um...nothing.  I have to go to the restroom." JC said, quickly.
"Okay, but you'll be on in half an hour." Johnny reminded him.
"I won't be long." JC assured Johnny before darting for the restroom. 

With the phone clutched in his hand, he ran. He ran until he reached the
restroom.  He pushed opened the restroom and chased out all the patrons inside.
Once cleared of any human existence, JC closed the door.  He collapsed onto the
couch inside the restroom.  He pulled his legs to his knees and rocked his body. 
In a desperate attempt to get Justin off his mind, he began to whistle a tune in
his head- the tune to the song he wrote earlier.  But the attempt was futile as
the tune in his head reverberated into a melodious mixture of cries and screams-
Justin's voices called for him.  And the excruciatingly painful beating of his
heart as visions of Justin being tortured flooded his mind forced an
irrepressible cry of anguish slip past his lips as he ripped the tie from his
neck.  Settling between his legs, he hung his head low.  His head turned
momentarily and his eyes rested on his cell phone on the bench.  To not call was
to save his career.  To call was to save Justin.  It was as simple as black and
white. How JC wished for grey in the canvas picture.  Taking a deep breath to
compose himself more than anything else he picked up his phone.       
"Hello, again." Jake greeted JC.
"Cut the crap.  Why do you have Justin?  Let him go." JC said, sternly.
"Fuck you! You have no right to talk to me like that.  I'm the one in control
here.  You don't want me to take it out on the boy, do you?"
"No." JC swallowed hard as his pride was tainted.  "I'm sorry."
"Much better.  Now, let's cut to the chase.  You have exactly twenty-five
minutes to get $1,000,000 dollars and bring it to the empty warehouse on
Waterloo Lane." The man explained his demand. 
"Where in the fuckin' world am I going to get $1,000,000 in such short notice?"
"I heard there's a charity gala for you fuckin' ungrateful hot shots. Take the
money and get to the warehouse in twenty five minutes or else..."
"Or else what?"
"Let's just say that I have with me seven men who haven't gotten laid in over a
week.  And the Hollywood Golden boy is just so damn fuckable.  Just looking at
him makes me want to do things nasty things to him, right, baby?" Jake held the
phone to Justin's mouth. 
"Don't listen to him, Josh!  He's just bluffing!" Justin screamed into the phone
in a pleading voice.  "Don't come here, Josh.  Don't steal the money.  You have
to perform tonight, remember?  Don't ruin your career.  You have this chance
once.  Don't do it."
"I can't, baby.  I can't let them hurt you." JC cried for first time since the
longest time he could remember.  "I can't."
"Josh, please. Don't do it." Justin pleaded once more before Jake yanked the
phone from him.
"Awww...what a touching moment?  I'll make the sacrifice for you.  No, I will
sacrifice myself.  You make me fuckin' sick." Jake scorned.  "Again, if you
don't show up here at the warehouse in twenty five minutes with $1,000,000, me
and my boys will ravish your fuck toy and rip out his insides to hang him from
the ceiling with.  Got it?!  And don't bring anyone with you or your fuck toy
will be so fucked up you won't be able to recognize his pretty twisted little
body."
 
The conversation abruptly ended after Jake had laid out his demands.  JC turned
off his phone.  He rested his head in his hands.  Getting up, he paced back and
forth.  He hit his headed repeatedly on the wall.  Why? Why was this so hard? 
He had all the information he needed.  This psycho wanted $1,000,000.  And he
wanted JC to meet at an empty warehouse on Waterloo Lane.  Why couldn't he just
do it?  Why was he even hesitating at all?  Was his career, his music, his life
more valuable to him than Justin's safety?  Would he allow Justin to sacrifice
himself just so he could sing to breathe?
Locked heavily in his thoughts, he failed to notice Johnny entering the
restroom.
"The first act is on stage now." Johnny informed him. 
True.  JC could hear the roars from the crowd erupted.  He could hear the faint
music in the background and the powerful voice of the female singer.  Still, the
fierce pounding of heart drowned all other noises. 
"I can't perform tonight." JC told his manager, regretfully.
"What?!" Johnny was outraged as usual.  "Give me one good reason why you'd
sacrifice all that you have worked for."
"Justin." His lover's sweet name slipped so easily off his tongue.  "He's
everything to me."
"This is insane!" Johnny continued to raise his voice.  Didn't he know that he
couldn't do anything to change his mind?  "So, you're going to throw everything
away just like that?"
"No.  I'm not throwing everything away just like that.  I'm doing this for
Justin."
"Look, JC." Johnny sat down beside his younger client.  "I love Justin as much
as the next guy, too, but this is your chance.  You might not get another chance
like this."
"Ever since I joined the Mickey Mouse Club, I harbored dreams of becoming a
singer.  I waited for nine years for this chance.  But I've waited all my life
for Justin." JC explained to his manager. 
"JC.  Heartthrobs are a dime a dozen.  When you become rich and famous, you can
have any heartthrob you want.  You can go through them like toilet paper."
"But there'll only be one Justin Timberlake."
"This is insane!" Johnny threw up his hands in defeat. 
JC smiled weakly, thanking his manager for all the work he had done for him.  He
got up and headed for the door when Johnny approached him from behind. He turned
around and met up with Johnny's fist in his stomach.  JC doubled over, landing
hard onto the floor.
"I will not let you ruin this chance. I worked too hard for this chance. I
invested too much in this.  You are going to perform tonight." Johnny
threatened.  "Justin's just going to have to suffer."  
JC pushed himself off the ground.  He pushed against the wall for support. 
"No." He retaliated.
He closed his eyes in anticipation of another fist to his body, but there was
none.  Lonnie had entered the bathroom and intercepted Johnny's path to his
chest. 
"What's going on here, JC?" Lonnie asked. 
"Mr. Wright over here thinks that I should sacrifice Justin to the wolves."   JC
answered.
"Is that so?" Lonnie brought his fist up to Johnny's face.
"You dare lay a finger on me, I'll fire your ass so fast-"
"Ha! Ha!" Lonnie spat on his face.  "That was over a year ago. I don't work for
you anymore, you conniving son of a bitch-"  Lonnie raised his fist, ready to
strike Johnny when JC intervened. 
"Don't hurt him.  You'll only get yourself in trouble." JC said.  "Give me your
gun."
"What?"
"I know you keep it with you still.  Now give me your gun." JC demanded once
more.
"Why do you need a gun, boy?" Lonnie questioned him.  "Is Justin in danger?  If
my boy is, I think I should come along."
"No, Lonnie." JC smiled, patting him on his arm.  "You can't come along.  What
you can do for me though is give me your gun and contain Mr. Wright here in one
of those lovely freshly scrubbed stalls."
"Will Justin be alright?" Lonnie asked.  It was evident that he was still
concern over his guard.
"Yes." JC tried his best to keep his voice steady.
"Will you be alright, buddy?"
"So long as Justin is, I'll be fine." JC answered, shaking Lonnie's hand. 
"Thank you for all that you have done for my angel.  Now, it's my turn."
 
(c) 2001 Aphrodite
11/12/02, 11:00pm, MTV, Launch featuring Justin Timberlake




Small Sacrifices V

The hallway backstage was so dark. It literally breathed sinister, beckoning JC
to move forward. Daring him to take the next step towards a path he couldn't see
the light at the end. His hands continued to tremble as he held onto the cold
gun walking down the lonely pathway at an excruciatingly slow pace.

He could hear the faint memories echoing past the hallway. Not too long ago,
they had performed here. Not too long ago, Justin had playfully sprayed him with
his water gun. Not too long ago, he had chased Justin down that same lonely
path. Not too long ago, he had tackled down his then 16-year-old best friend,
and accidentally placed his hands on places where they shouldn't be. Not too
long ago, Justin had pushed him away and wept in the dressing room. Not too long
ago, JC had begged Justin to tell him why he was crying so much. Not too long
ago, Justin had revealed to JC that Lou Pearlman had touched him. The bastard,
who had posed as their father figure, had pinned him against the wall and groped
him mercilessly as he screamed in pain. Not too long ago, JC had asked Justin
why? Why didn't he tell anyone? Why didn't he report Lou? And not too long ago,
Justin had explained to him that if he did, "mom would go bolistic and take me
away, away from you".

He could turn around any time now. He didn't have to go through this. JC kept
telling himself. There was still time. The first act had two more songs to
perform to. Whether or not he was consciously aware of it or not, his feet led
him directly to his dressing room. There was still time. He sighed deeply,
stepping inside. A smile graced his face as he read Justin's lovely scrawl on
the mirror. "I'm so proud of you. I love you, Josh, always and forever. Peace
and hair grease, from you know who." Three scented cards- cards scented with
Justin's Abercrombie and Fitch Woods cologne- each with a sloppy drawing of the
two love birds, holding hands, kissing, and in bed. JC had to laugh a little at
Justin's childish ways of showing him how much he loved him. God. He'd go nuts
if he couldn't lick the ice cream off the bridge of Justin's nose. The smile
faded from his face as he returned the cards back on the table. He couldn't
sacrifice Justin for his career. There would be another opportunity, but Justin
would not be given another opportunity if he didn't show up in front of the
warehouse on Waterloo Lane $1,000,000.

The decision had been made. He exited his own dressing room and took the path
further into darkness.  He stopped in front of the door. He pressed his ear next
to the wooden door. He could hear them talking inside. They were counting the
money collected from tonight's gala. Nine hundred thousands and fifty dollars
and still counting. There must be at least a million if not more inside that
room. Without knocking, JC entered the room, drawing up his gun.

"Give me the money?" He demanded of the two frightful women on the floor.

"Aren't you JC Chasez?" A woman recognized his famous face from a magazine she
had kept in her drawers to remind her of the glory 'Nsync days.

"Give me the money?" He repeated.

"No!" The other woman spoke, valiantly, grabbing onto the bag of money. "This is
for Breast Cancer research and I'm not letting you take the money."

"Give me the money, bitch!"

JC reached for the woman's hair when suddenly the door swung opened. Just great.
It was Lance. He would never be able to get out with the money and get to
Waterloo Lane in twenty-five minutes.

"What's going on, JC?" Lance questioned his friend, staring intensely into JC's
baby blues. "What are you doing here?"

JC ignored Lance's onslaught of questions. He simply turned back his attention
toward the woman with the bag of money. He grabbed the bag, but the woman
continued to be persistent. She clung onto the bag tighter. JC looked into her
tear-filled eyes. His heart broke. She must have lost someone she loved to
breast cancer. Or perhaps, she, was fighting the disease herself.

"Give me the bag. I don't want to hurt you." JC lowered his voice.

"I can't. This is much needed money."

"Give it to me!" JC yelled.

He fired his gun up at the ceiling to threaten the woman. She coiled underneath
the table, releasing her grip on the bag. JC quickly grabbed the bag and ran for
the door when Lance gallantly blocked his path.

"Get out of the way, Lance!" JC raised his gun.

"No. I won't let you do whatever you planned to do." Lance was adamant with
this. He continued to stand his ground, planting his feet firmly on the ground.
"This is wrong."

"The fuck with morals. I'm taking this money whether you like it or not. And if
you don't step aside, I'll fuckin' blow your brains out, Lance." JC warned.

"Do it. JC, kill me."

JC glared into Lance's jaded eyes. He loved Lance, but don't ever think he
wouldn't kill Lance to save Justin. He would do it. He would. He raised his gun
and pointed toward Lance's forehead. He pulled back the trigger, ready to fire,
when Joey stepped into the picture. Shit!

"NO!!!" He cried out, pushing Lance to the side.

The shot barely missed him. Thank goodness. There was no denying his love for
Justin, but he couldn't kill his friend. He just couldn't.

"You could've gotten yourself killed." JC cried out.

"Then so be it. So long as Lance isn't hurt." Joey said, gazing into Lance's
jaded eyes.

That look. He knew that look so well. That was the same look he wore in his eyes
when he looked at Justin. When he looked into Justin's dark blue orbs. And he
wanted that look, again. To experience that look of love. To see heaven in the
eyes of your lover.

"Shit. You two are together."

"Yes." Lance answered for the both of them.

"We've been together for a two months now." Joey added.

"Then, Joey, do you love Lance?" JC posed the question.

"Yes." Joey answered, sincerely. "I have never been more sure of anything in my
life. I love Lance."

"And I love Justin." JC responded. "Let me out of here and I just might return
to congratulate you guys on your wedding day."

"What's going on, JC?" Joey asked his friend, concern evident on his face.

"I can't tell you. Just let me go. Please." JC dropped to his knees, begging for
Joey's mercy. "I have to go. I'm running out of time. Justin's running out of
time."

"Justin." Lance gulped.

"Where's Justin?"

JC shook his head. He couldn't tell them. If he did, they would only insist on
coming with him and he couldn't let that happen. He couldn't let them come with
him. Justin would definitely be dead if they came along.

"JC! Where's Justin?" Joey was so resolute. He posed the question a second time.
"JC!"

"Justin's..." JC began to say when at the corner of his eyes, Dani's pregnant
figure stepped into view. Without wasting a second longer, JC pushed both Joey
and Lance to grab hold of the frightened Dani.

"Don't come near me! Or I'll shoot Dani." JC warned.

"JC, don't do anything stupid!" Joey said, pushing Lance behind him as they both
stepped backward.

"I'm sorry, Dani." JC whispered as he pulled her away into the hallway, using
her body as a shield against the world around him.

"JC, what's going on?" Dani managed to say while holding onto her stomach. "Why
are you doing this?"

JC refused to hear Dani's pleading voice. He would not allow her to make him
weak. He would not allow her to make him change his decisions. Only Justin had
that innate power to make a man weak. No one else mattered. Whatever she was
saying, JC was oblivious to. However, not all his senses were impaired. He was
still able to discriminate Chris' sprinting figure speeding towards him. As
Chris approached him, JC placed his hand on the back of Dani's back and gently
pushed her into Chris' fury path. Their brief collision was enough to allow JC a
successful escape as he leaped out of back door.

"Dani, are you okay, hon?" Chris enveloped his arms around his pregnant wife as
she wept against his chest. "Bastard." Chris muttered under his breath.

Lance and Joey joined the couple in the hallway, each scratching their heads as
they try to piece together the insanity of what they called their friend. After
much comforting, Dani eventually calmed down and was led back to the theatre by
Chris. Chris helped Dani into her seat before returning to his friends
backstage.

"What the hell happened?" Chris demanded to know. "He was a madman. What's going
on?"

"Chris, I think Justin's in trouble." Joey relayed what little he knew.

"Oh my God." Suddenly, the anger dissipated, only to be replaced with fear.

"Who else could make JC this desperate that he must steal from a charity event."
Joey said.

"He robbed the..." Chris was at a lost for words. "Justin. Poor thing. Why
didn't you guys go with him?!" Chris lunged at Joey, pulling his shirt collar.

"It's not Joey's fault!" Lance cried out, prying Chris off of Joey. "JC didn't
want us to come along. I think we should go back to JC's hotel room and try to
figure where's he taking the money to."

Chris reluctantly agreed. He ran his hands over his face, wiping the sweat off
his forehead.

"Let's go." He said, leading the pack through the back door.
 
(c) 2001 Aphrodite
Justin Timberlake will be on upcoming covers of Rolling Stones and Details and
don't forget to buy a copy of 'Justified'.




Small Sacrifices VI

There it was. The empty warehouse on Waterloo Lane. There was no mistake. He had
been driving in circles around this building for the past ten minutes,
contemplating whether or not he should enter it. Once in, there was no turning
back. He stared grimly at the run-down warehouse. A few broken windows here and
there. A dirty yellow light emitting from the building. He could feel Justin's
heart beating within. He could hear his cries. He could sense his presence. He
was inside. A single bullet shattered yet another window and JC knew he didn't
have much time. JC anxiously got out of his car, almost tripping over himself,
as he dashed across the street. He knocked furiously for several seconds before
the double metal doors finally swung open.

His eyes widened as the first sight that crossed his vision was that of his
lover hanging from the ceiling. Justin's beautiful face stained with dried
tears. His hair, a disheveled mess. His clothes dirtied. But at least, he was
still alive.

"Josh! Just leave now!" Justin cried out loud. "Don't come near here. It's a
trap."

JC, as if he hadn't heard a single word Justin had yelled out, took a step
further into the dark warehouse filled with uncertainties.

"So, he is your fuck toy after all." Jake emerged from the darkness of the
warehouse.

"We are the best of friends. And I love my best friend very much. I don't want
to see him harm." JC responded.

"Then, you wouldn't mind if me and my boys sample your best friend here." Jake
smiled devilishly.

Jake laughed as he signaled his men to lower Justin to the ground. Once his two
feet touched the ground, Justin scrambled toward JC only to be pulled back
roughly by Jake. He held the boy, tightly encircling his arms around him. His
hand strategically placed on Justin's delicate neck in a threatening manner.

"You haven't touched him, have you?" JC demanded to know. He had to know. Not
that it mattered. What mattered most was that Justin was still alive. Still, he
had to know.

"You mean like this?" With his hand still holding onto his neck, Jake let his
free hand roamed along Justin's lengthy body to grab him through the thick
fabric of his pants. Justin screamed as Jake aggressively groped him. "Tell him.
Tell your boyfriend. Did I touch you like this?" Again, Jake applied even
greater force on him. "Tell him."

"No. No!" Justin yelled out as Jake squeezed him one last time before releasing
him.

"You have your answer. Your fuck toy is still yours only. Now, give me the
money." Jake demanded.

"Let Justin go first." JC strengthened his grip on the briefcase. "I will give
you the money once you let Justin go."

Jake grinned as he tightened his grip on Justin's neck. "Do you think I'm that
stupid?! We exchange at the same time. You take one step forward and I'll take a
step forward. Once we meet in the middle you get the boy and I get the money."

"Fair enough." JC said, taking a step forward.

His hand clutched tightly to the briefcase as he was painfully aware that his
life as well as Justin's life would only be safe so long as he had the money.
The money was the only thing keeping them alive. His eyes focused on the dark
orbs that stared right into his baby blues. They each took steps forward until
they were mere inches apart. Jake squeezed Justin's arm, signaling JC for the
exchange. His hands still holding onto the briefcase for security, JC's eyes met
Justin's tearful eyes. One look into those deep pools of blue and JC knew what
he had to do next. JC threw the briefcase at Jake as he pulled Justin away. He
examined his boyfriend briefly before pushing him behind the security of his
back.

"You have your money. Let us go." JC said.

Jake gave no verbal response. His eyes transfixed on the amount of money inside
the briefcase. He pulled out of his cellular phone, making another encouraging
phone call to his boss for the night.

"We got the money." Jake relayed the information to his boss.

"And..."

"They're still here." Jake informed the man on the other line that both JC and
Justin were still held at the warehouse.

As he carried on his discussion with his boss, his men had all gathered around
him. They, too, were at awe for they had never seen this much money all at once.
JC tautened his grip on Justin's wrist. Seeing that the moment gave way to an
opportunity of escape, he began to lead Justin away when a fire was shot. The
bullet snuck between the two lovers as they were leaving, barely missing Justin.
The men suddenly surrounded them once more as JC shielded Justin away from the
men who were aggressively reaching for them to pry them apart from one another.

"Who said you could leave?" Jake pointed the gun at JC.

"You lied!" JC shouted at Jake. "You have your money and now you won't let us
go."

"I said $1,000,000. There's only $975,000 here." Jake responded. "I've been
doing this for years now. I know when someone is trying to rip me off."

"That's shit!" JC challenged. "There's at least a million in that suitcase."

Jake laughed with amusement at how persistent JC had been regarding the amount
of money. Did he not know that the amount of money did not matter? He controlled
the situation. He controlled their destiny. His eyes locked in with JC's gaze as
if taunting him to leave with the boy. His hand snuck into the suitcase,
retrieving two stacks of hundred dollar bills. He threw the money up in the air
and fired two shots, piercing through the bound money.

"Not anymore. Like I said, there's only $975,000 here. Take the boy." Jake
commanded his troupe. His eyes never left JC's deadening stares amidst the
raining green sheets.

"No. No." Justin shook his head, burying his head on JC's shoulder, as arms
reached to grab him from different directions. "Let go of me!"

"Take him." Jake gave the order one last time.

His men all converged on the two lovers at once, pulling Justin away. JC held
onto Justin's hand, not ever wanting to let go of him. But the force pulling
them apart was too great and soon his fingers slipped past Justin's and Justin
was pushed back into Jake's arms. Even with Jake's constricting hold on him,
Justin struggled against him. Jake backhanded him once before tilting his head
backward. He applied a crushing force on his neck as he deposited white powder
into Justin's mouth. Justin instinctively closed him mouth shut to prevent
swallowing the chemical powder, but his retaliation was heeded when Jake slammed
his fist in his abdomen. Justin swallowed all that fell into his mouth. He tried
to spit out the chemical, but it was too late. His body was quickly absorbing
the chemical. Justin stumbled backward into Jake's arms. He wrapped his arms
around the boy, whose droopy eyelids soon fell, casting a world of darkness
before him as unconsciousness took precedence over his body. Jake gently picked
up the boy and carried his limped body toward JC. He placed Justin's lifeless
body at JC's feet. He hovered over the boy and quickly wiped away the tears on
his face before stepping aside for JC to grieve over his lover.

"Justin." JC collapsed beside him. He took his hand in his and felt the icy cold
fingertips. He kissed them softly and rubbed them against the side of his face.
"Why? Why?"

"Because he's yours." Jake answered, simply. He kneeled down before the two
lovers. "He's so beautiful." Jake murmured, feeling Justin's baby soft skin
underneath his fingertips. "It's a shame that he had to be sacrificed before we
could fuck him."

"Stay away from him." JC sent Jake stumbling backward.

One of the men stepped into the scene to help Jake to his feet. Another entered
seconds later with a goblet in his hand. He approached Jake, handing him the
goblet. Jake took the goblet and returned to attend the grieving JC.

"You don't have to part." Jake handed JC the goblet. "You can still be with
him."

JC stared grimly into the milky contents of the goblet. He could hear the
chemical breating inside, forcing bubbles to burst open. He scooped up Justin's
body in his arms, pulling his body closed to his chest so that their hearts
could beat as one. From the faint sound of his heart beating, JC knew that
Justin was still alive. The breath on his neck indicated that he was still
breathing. JC knew what he had to do next. To save himself and to save Justin.
He returned Justin's limped body back to the filthy matted floor of the
warehouse. He took the goblet and raised it in the air. Tilting his head, he
poured the milky liquid into his mouth, careful not to swallow the poison that
would have taken him away from Justin for good. His eyes closed shut and he fell
forward, draping his body over Justin's unconscious form.



(c) 2001 Aphrodite
Justin Timberlake will be on upcoming covers of Rolling Stones and Details and
don't forget to buy a copy of 'Justified'.




Small Sacrifices VII


Lance, Joey, and Chris arrived at JC's hotel room across town.  Suspicions ran
high as they realized that the door was unlocked.  It was opened ajar at their
arrival.  JC was quite a vigilant person.  He was always cautious about
everything, especially with Justin. He would never leave his door unlocked. 
That was just not characteristic of JC.  He would never put himself or Justin in
danger by such carelessness.  That was just how he worked.

They merely tapped on the door and the door flung open, revealing a room in
seemingly normal condition.  As they entered the room, Lance noticed the
peculiarity surrounding them.  The door was unlocked. The door was opened ajar. 
But there was no sign of forced entry.  Furthermore, the room was spotless as if
no one had ever disturbed it.  Something did not add up.  He found himself
walking briskly into the bedroom while Joey and Chris remained in the living
quarter of the hotel suite. 

Lance slowly turned the knob.  He just as slowly pushed the door open.  He
gasped as his eyes scrutinized the room in disarray within.  Paper scattered the
floor.  Clothes tossed wildly all around.  Pieces of furniture were flipped
upside down.  Someone had been here.  He could almost smell the intruders'
filthy odor still emitting off the floor.  Everything was turned upside down. 
Everything was out of place. But nothing more than the broken framed picture of
JC and Justin in each other's arms and the opened phone book with a page a
missing. 

"Guys, over here!" Lance hollered from inside the bedroom. 

Joey and Chris, fearful of what they might encounter, still dashed toward the
bedroom.  Chris stormed past Lance to view the mess as Joey placed his
protective arms around his young boyfriend.

"What happened here?" Chris asked as if he was blind to the destruction before
his eyes.

"Someone's been in here." Joey spoke lowly.  "You think they abducted Justin?"

"No." Lance answered, dislodging himself from Joey's grip.  He walked toward the
bed and bent over, picking up the broken picture frame.  "They were looking for
something." Lance began, piecing together the puzzle before him.  "They were in
this bedroom."

"I can see that." Chris said.

"They were in this bedroom.  They were looking for something when they found the
picture.  JC always keeps this picture in his drawer wherever he goes.  He never
takes the picture out for any reason.  They were looking for something, but
instead they found the picture."

"Do you know what happened to Justin, baby?" Joey asked his boyfriend.

"They have him." Lance murmured, signaling to the opened phone book on the bed. 
"They followed him to the restaurant's whose add is missing from the phone book. 
That's where they abducted him."

"Who do you think took Justin?" Chris asked as he sunk onto the bed,
exasperated. 

"Someone big. Someone big enough to buy off one of the most prestigious hotels
in the US."   Lance murmured, joining Chris on the bed.

"Jesus!" Chris sighed deeply. 

"Well, don't just sit there.  Let's go find Justin and when we do, we'll bound
to find JC as well." Joey marched in front of them, taking Lance's icy hands in
his. 

"Where are we going to find Justin and JC" Chris asked.

"Le Bristro." Lance whispered.  His eyes fixated on the tiny piece of paper
lying on the floor beside the bed.  He got off the bed and crouched down to pick
up the piece of paper with Justin's handwriting on it.  "Le Bristo, that's where
they abducted him."

"Where's Le Bristro?" Joey asked. 

"I don't know and chances are they didn't know either and that's why they tore
the page from the phone book." Lance rationalized.  "Give me the phone."

"Why?" Joey asked, handing his boyfriend the phone off the nightstand. 

"I'm calling information for the number to Le Bristro".  Lance answered Joey
before speaking into the phone to retain the much needed information. 

After retrieving the number, Lance called the restaurant and just as easily
obtained the address.  Now knowing exactly where Justin might had been taken,
the three former 'Nsync members set on a task to find Justin, hoping they were
not too late to save JC as well.


The people of Le Bristro were kind individuals, all of whom were willing to help
after Joey had tipped each employee $20 a piece with any information regarding
the actor's appearance at the restaurant.  According to the waiter who had been
working since seven this evening, Justin had arrived at the restaurant alone. 
He sat at the table in the far right hand corner away from everyone.  Shortly
after his arrival, he left and did not call for a cab because the valet
attendant remembered seeing Justin leaving the restaurant just as he drove a
customer's car to the nearby parking garage.  He said that he had seen Justin
walking down the street all by himself. 

"Thanks." Joey tipped the valet attendant an additional $20 before joining Chris
and Lance outside the restaurant.

"What did he say, Joe?" Chris asked.

"He said that he saw Justin leaving the restaurant shortly after eight and he
didn't call for a cab." Joey answered, leading both Chris and Lance down the
street.

By this time, the vast majority of the stores along the downtown street were
closed since it was Sunday.  The remaining stores still opened were coffee shops
or mini-bars.  As they came across each opened store along the street, they
would enter the store with their inquiries about their friend.  Each time, they
would receive the news that he was not seen there.  And they would continue
their search down the street until someone had mentioned that they had seen him
walk into the store across the street.  Chris, Joey, and Lance all gazed at the
petite jewelry shop across the street.  Despite it being Sunday night, the
lights in the small shop still glowed eerily.  They ran across the street and
pushed the door open just as the shopkeeper emerged from the back room of the
shop. 

"We're closed now." The man told them.

"We're not here to buy anything." Lance explained.  "We're here to ask
questions."

"I have no answers for you." The man replied.

"How do you know you don't have any answers for us?" Chris asked, plopping down
on the stool at the counter.  His eyes focused on the stack of credit card
receipts.  "What time did you close?"

"Just right now." The shop keeper answered. 

"The sign on the door said six every Sunday.  Why the change tonight?  Do you
normally close at an odd time like 10:25?" Chris bombarded the frightful man.

The man fell silent as he scrambled for the door when Joey slammed the door
shut. 

"Look, we just want to know if you've seen Justin Timberlake at your store."
Joey asked, anger evident in his voice. 

"I don't know who Justin Timberlake is." The man mumbled, completely forgetting
the magazine in his hands. 

"I don't believe you." Joey remarked.  "You have a magazine with his face on the
cover of it."

The man quickly dropped the magazine.  A written check for five grand slipped
out of the magazine and flew to the floor.  He fell to the ground to pick up the
magazine when Joey kicked the magazine from his hands.  Joey, frustrated with
this man, started to yell obscenities at the frightful man. He continued for
several more minutes until Lance finally stopped him, pulling him aside as Chris
tended the man.

"Look.  We don't want to cause any trouble." Chris reasoned with the shopkeeper. 
"Our friend is missing and we need to know where he is.  Have you seen the boy
on the cover of this magazine?" Chris asked, handing the shopkeeper the magazine
and his check.

Slowly, but surely, the man nodded his head.

"Yes." He answered. 


His eyes were weary.  His droopy eyelids weighed heavily over his eyes.  He
could have slept a lot longer had it not been for the disturbing moans nearby. 
His eyes shot open and quickly rage filled his eyes.  One of the bastards had
taken Justin's hand and slipped his hand inside his pants.  He was jerking off
using Justin's hand, while he remained unconscious. 

"Let go of him." JC spoke firmly, pulling Justin into his arms. 

The man smiled and retrieved Justin's hand from inside his pants. Justin's hand
was drenched in cum.  Disgusting cum.  JC wanted nothing more than to tackle
this man and rip his balls off of him, but opted to remain silent. Instead, he
simply took Justin's hand and wiped him cleaned using his jacket. 

JC lay Justin's head in his lap while his fingers played with his golden curls. 
He held onto his boyfriend's hand tightly.  So long as they were together,
nothing else seemed to matter. Their world was theirs and no one could penetrate
it.  

Suddenly, the phone rang again and Jake, the obvious ring leader, climbed into
the front seat to answer the phone call.  JC breathed in a sigh of relief as
Jake left for the front seat.  His eyes followed the passing lamp posts.  He had
no idea where they were taking them.  The road ahead was just as dark if not
more than the road behind them.  From the unfamiliar settings, JC figured they
must be leaving the city by now.  Where to? He had no idea. 

Through the tinted windows, JC could see worn down shops as they drove by. 
There were shops for everyone's tastes it appeared.  Peculiar shops for witch
craft, incense and other aromas, puzzles, and many more.  He peered past the
bulging shoulders in the front seat and could see Jake still on the phone.  He
had been on the phone for more than 10 minutes.  Apparently, who ever was on the
other line must be very important.  His eyes transfixed on Jake the entire time
as he continued to finger Justin's silky curls.  A moan escaped past Justin's
lips and his attention was diverted from Jake to the boy lying in his lap.  JC
pulled Justin closer to his body and held him tighter when he felt the pressure
of his cell phone against his chest.  He still had his cell phone.  His eyes
wonder about the surrounding, noticing that some of the men had already drifted
to sleep.  His eyes peered past the tinted windows and mentally noted the many
peculiar shops and the railroad crossing signs that never seemed to go away.  He
pulled Justin closer to his chest as he slipped his hand between his body and
Justin's.  Using Justin's body as a shield, he reached inside his jacket and
turned on his cellular phone when one of the men abruptly hollered at him.

"What was that?" The man inquired at the peculiar noise.

"Nothing." JC quickly answered.

"Yeah.  Give the kid a break.  It's probably nothing more than them jerking
off." Another said.

JC's eyes widened with fear.  He feared that the man had heard his phone when he
pressed the button.  After receiving a response from JC, the man returned to his
post against the van and rested his head against the side of the van.  Eyes
still wide opened as were some of his accomplices.  They were watching him now,
carefully watching him now.  He managed a weak smile and returned to Justin.  He
gazed down at his boyfriend lovingly.  There was no way he'd let anything happen
to him.  He had to find a way to save Justin.  He pulled his boyfriend closer to
him.  Resting Justin's body over his, JC reached for his phone again.  He
meticulously pressed the numbers to his hotel room simultaneously as he groped
Justin.  Justin's moans would drown the sound emitting from the phone, which at
the same time satisfied all the hungry men in the van.  They shook their heads
and laughed.  Some winked at JC understandingly as he laid Justin back down onto
the hard floor of the van.  A straining erection bulged inside Justin's pants
and all JC could do was adjust his pants as he remained unconscious.  The
laughter subsided as always and silence took over. 

"Hey!" JC barked, breaking the deadening silence.  "Hey!"

"What is it?" One of the men quickly responded to JC with a menacing glare. 
"What do you want, boy?"

"I was wondering..." JC paused, effectively stalling as he was aware the
railroad crossing was inevitable.  "I was wondering..." JC began, again, as the
van drove over the railroad tracks, sending the van into a slight turbulence,
"Can we stop by that Ice Coffee shop.  I'm getting tired already. You know me. 
I love to sleep.  If I'm asleep, you'll never get what you want from me."

The man got up from his seat in the corner and another man joined him as they
both hovered over JC.  He reached down and grabbed JC by the collar and spat in
his face. 

"Who the hell do you think I am? You're fuckin' slave." The man cursed at him.

"I'm sorry." JC quickly apologized. "I'm so sorry. I just wanted to get
something. I haven't eaten all day.  I'm so sorry.  Please don't hurt me." JC
pleaded.

"Don't hurt him." The other man intervened. "We're not supposed to hurt them,
remember."

"Watch your mouth, boy." The man threatened, finally releasing JC before his
face turned cyanotic.  "Watch it."




Small Sacrifices VIII


It wasn't very much longer until they had arrived at their destination.  JC had
timed the trip down to the last second.  The doors slid open and some of the men
rushed out of the cramped van, leaving behind two of their cohorts, presumably
to carry Justin out of the van.  JC was dragged out of the van by one of the two
men while the other man carried Justin's lifeless form over his shoulders.  A
gun pressed against his back, JC was led down a paved path through a thicket
toward a rusty old two-story building.  Just with the warehouse, JC was engulfed
by the darkness inside the building.  Lights were turned on only after the last
man had entered.  Off to the back of the building were some cells.  It was then
that JC had registered that they were in an abandoned police station out in the
boondocks.  He was led further into the building with the aid of a gun resting
on the small of his back.  The man who had been carrying Justin over his
shoulders walked ahead of the group.  He entered one of the opened cells and
tossed Justin inside carelessly.  JC rushed to the cell when his guard pulled
him back.  He tightened his grip on JC's arm and led him away toward his cell. 
JC dropped to his knees immediately and pleaded with his oppressor to please let
him stay with his best friend.  At last, after several minutes of begging,
Justin's cell was opened and JC rushed inside to find Justin lying on the side,
still unconscious.  He crouched on the matted floor and picked Justin's body
from the ground.  He lay Justin's head on his lap like the countless times
before and kissed his forehead when he noticed the scrape on the back of
Justin's right hand.  When the man had tossed him inside the cell, Justin had
landed on his right side and scraped his hand in the process.  Massaging
Justin's injured hand, JC peered outside of the cell, taking in the terrifying
scene before him. No wonder this place was shut down.  It was a torture chamber. 
Chains hang from the ceiling where prisoners were bound to be tortured.  Metal
hooks on the wall held the leather whips and hard wooden sticks in place.  JC
gulped fearfully as the lights in the station dimmed further, holding Justin
even in tighter. 


"They're finally here." Kevin whispered lowly in the dark lit room on the second
floor. 

He spun slowly around to face his cousin who was sitting sluggishly on one of
the chairs.  It was hard to see Brian in the darkness, but the shadows appeared
to accentuate Brian's frail face even more.  It pained Kevin to see his cousin
in such a state. The hollows in his face made him look famished almost. 

"What's wrong?" Kevin asked, not about his complications from a recent
myocardial infarction, but rather about his current silence.  "You don't seem
too thrilled about tonight."

"Kevin, I don't want to do this." Brian cried out softly in his hands.

"I don't either."



JC was drifting off to sleep, again, when Justin's body shook violently in his
arms. 

"Josh!" Justin cried out, shaking some more. "Josh!"

"I'm here." JC replied, holding Justin closer to his chest. "I'm here for you,
babe."

"Josh." Justin's voice softened as his eyes slowly opened to look up at his
boyfriend's sparkling blue eyes.  "You're here.  I was afraid you wouldn't come
for me."

"Of course, I'm here for you." JC smiled weakly as he brushed away Justin's curl
that had fallen out of place on his forehead.  "And I'm not leaving without you. 
That's a promise."

Justin smiled back, but soon was overwhelmed with tears.  He struggled off JC
and attempted to crawl his way from JC when JC pulled him back into his arms. 
He wrapped his arms around the trembling body and rocked the boy gently until he
had calmed down.

"Baby, what's wrong?" JC asked, concern thick in his voice.

"I'm sorry.  I'm so sorry, Josh." Justin repeatedly apologized into JC's chest. 

"What for?"

"If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't be here.  You'd be on stage performing.  I'm
so sorry I ruined your night.  I keep holding you back.  It's always because of
me."

"Shh...don't say that." JC whispered lovingly into Justin's ear.  "There's no
other place I'd rather be than here with you.  I love you."

"Josh."

The pools of deep blues beamed as Justin managed a weak smile for his boyfriend. 
Still in his boyfriend's arms, Justin rested his head in the crook of JC's neck,
breathing heavily against JC's exposed neck.  JC closed his eyes, savoring the
intimate moment they shared.  Justin placed gentle kisses on his neck.  His
kisses felt like soft rose petals upon his skin.  His tears provided a warm
tingling sensation.  JC wanted nothing more than to lean down and take those
luscious lips between his teeth, to kiss, and to hold, to make love to
Justin...suddenly the gate slid open.  JC quickly abandoned Justin to the ground
and jumped up to greet Jake.  Jake stomped his way into the tiny cubicle. His
eyes wavered from JC to Justin who was struggling to pick himself off the
ground.  He was still weak from the hypnotics they had forced into him. 

"Boss wants to me to relay a message to you." Jake said, his hands clasped
together in the back.  "He wants you to do something for him." Jake continued to
pace around the cell until he was hovering directly over Justin.  He crouched
before the boy, reaching forward to touch his porcelain face.  "Need a hand,
sweetheart."

"Stay away from him!" JC spun around quickly at the sound of Justin's whimpers. 

"A little possessive over a best friend, aren't we?" Jake mocked JC, withdrawing
his hand from Justin's face.

Jake smiled widely as he approached the furious JC.  He walked around JC.  Their
eyes fixated on another, each daring the other to make a next move.  It was Jake
who ultimately controlled the situation.  He inched forward and slapped JC
across the face to show whose territory they were in.  Tempers flared and JC was
just seconds away from charging Jake like a mad bull to a conquisedore when
Jake's men rushed inside to push JC to the ground.  At the sight of JC on the
ground, Justin rushed to his boyfriend's side as fast as he could to help JC up. 

"Who is your boss?  Who the hell do you pathetic low lives work for?" JC
demanded to know. 

"You'll know when he wants you to know." Jake responded.  He signaled another
man inside the cell.  The man carried in his arms a hardbound book and a thick
fountain pen.  Both of which baffled JC and Justin.  "The songs you've been
working on for your new album.  Boss wants you to write them all down for him."

"What?" JC shrieked, shaking his head. 

He turned to Justin who was holding onto the bars for support.  JC was hesitant
about submitting to their demands and Justin nodded understandingly.  Both
understood that music was JC's life as well as the fact that so long as JC did
not surrender and they did not get what they wanted, their lives would be
spared. 

"I don't think I can." JC told Jake and his crew.

Jake laughed out loud and soon the whole cell erupted in laughter.  He stopped
abruptly and simultaneously his men silenced. The silence was deadening as JC
could hear Jake's army boots approaching him. 

"Perhaps the boy is distracting you." Jake smiled.

"Justin." JC turned his attention back to Jake.  "No way.  He has no affect on
me.  I've lived with him for the past five years.  Sometimes we even fight just
like brothers."

"Is that so?" Jake challenged JC with nothing more than his narrowed eyes. 

He clapped his hands together. 

Before JC could react, Justin was whisked away out of the cell.  JC rushed
forward, but was impeded by Jake's fist to his stomach.  JC doubled over as
Jake's men continued to drag Justin towards the wall near the cell.  JC slowly
recovered, shaking his head as he gathered his strength to hold his body up. 
Jake tossed the book in his face, almost tipping him over once more. 

"The songs in the book now!" Jake mandated.

Shaking his head valiantly, JC spat in Jake's face.  "I wouldn't obey you if you
were the fuckin' president of the United States, you son of a bitch."

"Really?" Jake taunted, wiping the spit off his face.  "I think I can change
your mind." Jake glared intensely into JC's crystal blues before swirling his
head toward Justin surrounded by his men.  "Boys, you remember the gift I
promised you. Have fun." 

JC shook his head.  A bewildered look plastered on his face.  He had no idea
what Jake had in mind until he heard his boyfriend's sharp cry.  Justin was on
the floor.  One of the men had knocked the wind out of him, sending him crashing
to the floor.

"Josh!" Justin cried out, crawling toward the cell once more. 

"Justin." JC rushed to the side of the cell. 

Justin managed to pull himself off the ground, holding onto the bars.  He pulled
himself to the point where their eyes could meet.  JC slid his hands through the
bars to touch Justin's face when another one of Jake's men struck Justin in the
back of his head.  Justin collapsed onto the floor beside the cell.  The men
quickly surrounded him, pulling him away from the cell by his legs.  A burly man
picked him up and pushed him into a waiting pair of arms.  While held in place,
they each took turns tearing off a piece of Justin's clothes until Justin was
left clad in only a pair of thin striped blue boxers.  Justin crossed his arms
over his chest, burying his hands between his legs only to be pried apart so
they could gain better access to his body.  The sexual assault followed next as
they groped him roughly while grabbing onto his ass.  The same burly man who had
picked him off the ground turned him around and carried him over his shoulders. 
He carried him toward the cell once more where he placed him against the wall. 
A swarm of men surrounded him and each grabbing onto his boxers, shredding the
thin underwear and tossing the remnants into the cell where JC gathered them in
his hands.  They tried to pull Justin away from the wall, but Justin held onto
the hooks with his bare hands, knowing very well if there was space between him
and the men they would only tear him apart.  The men allowed the boy to hold
onto the hooks.  Instead of ripping the boy from the hooks, the men pulled at
his legs and lifted his body up slightly.  Before Justin realized that his legs
were spread wide apart, the first penetration wracked his body.  His grips
slowly weakened and his arms limped over to the sides.  One of the men was still
lodged deep inside Justin when the men handcuffed Justin's wrists together and
chained him to the ceiling.  Once bound, his first assailant withdrew out of
him.  Blood slowly leaked out of Justin.  The thick crimson red graced along
Justin's inner thigh only to drip off his toes.  JC watched in devastation as
the crimson droplets dripped one by one, crashing upon a small pool of blood.

"Have I changed your mind?" Jake whispered into JC's ears. 

"What the fuck are you guys doing to him?!" JC shrieked.   JC spun around and
immediately charged at Jake. He wanted to kill this man. He wanted to rip his
limbs apart.  He wanted to pull out his intestines. He wanted him to die not
realizing that the person who would suffer Jake's wrath was the defenseless boy
bound to the ceiling.  "I said we are just friends.  We're only friends."  JC
kept repeating.

Another man stepped forward and pushed Justin against the wall. He pulled his
legs apart and pushed one leg up so he could have a direct aim at Justin's sore
hole.  Once he had positioned the boy's body according to his liking, he wasted
no time and rammed his hard dick inside Justin.  Justin cried out with
excruciating pain as the man bit down on his neck. 

"Please, Josh.  Make them stop!" Justin surrendered to the pain tearing his
insides.  "Josh, please!  God! No! Someone please help me!"

JC reached his lanky arms for Justin, but the distance between them was too
great and all JC could do was to stand in the cell and watch in horror as his
boyfriend was being savagely raped by these animals. 

"Question.  Do you always get this emotional over your friends?  Or is Justin a
rare exception?"

The tears flowing from JC's eyes suddenly halted at the sound of the familiar
voice.  His eyes narrowed in at the scene before him.  Justin was now turned
around.  His fully exposed body was in direct view of JC.  Dirty, filthy hands
roamed over his precious angel's body.  Dirty filthy hands were stroking his
precious angel's dick, twisting it until Justin's body reacted to the pain by
writhing in the air.  Dirty filthy hands were playing with his precious angel's
balls, tugging at them violently- squeezing them painfully.  His legs spread
again for another violation.  A large uncut cock, larger than JC had ever seen
plunged into Justin, rendering the boy unconscious.  His body continued to hang
from the ceiling for the others to ravage freely while JC remained lock in the
cell just beside him, yet so far away.  JC clenched his fists tightly, gripping
onto the cold bars. 

"You know Justin does not have to suffer like this." 

JC twirled around and came face to face with his one time lover.  Their eyes met
and the fires that once danced in them while they made love no longer existed. 
There was no more love between them, only hate. 

"You're going to sacrifice Justin like that?" Kevin posed the question to his
former love. 

"You bastard!" JC cursed as he heard Justin's body being slammed against the
wall in unison with every thrust.  "I should have known it was you all along."

"I've always admired your stamina.  It's what attracted me to you in the first
place." Kevin said seductively.  "Justin's being pillaged before your eyes yet
you still refuse to just give in to our demands." Kevin sighed deeply and
continued, "Oh yeah.  Justin's only your best friend.  He doesn't really mean
anything to you."

He cocked his head to the right and peered past JC's shoulders to glance over at
the savagery before them.  The men had since taken Justin down, but from the
sound of Justin's faint cries, the nightmare had not yet ended as there were
still plenty of more men who still had not tasted Justin's blood.  Kevin winced
as another one of his men shoved his hard dick inside Justin.  He shook his
head, returning his attention to JC who continued to sob quietly to himself. 

"You and I are both men.  We can handle the pain.  Justin's just boy.  He's only
19.  How much longer you think he can handle all that pain before his body just
gives up?  Are you willing to let Justin die such a horrendous death as being
ripped open like that because I assure you, with just one sign, these animals
will tear Justin in half?"

"You make me sick." JC spat.  "Justin has nothing to do with whatever happened
between us."

"You still think this is about you and me?" Kevin retorted.  "There was never a
you and me!" He roared ferociously.  "So long as there was that boy, there was
never a you and me.  No. This is not about us.  This is about survival.  Only
the fittest lives.  We have orchestrated our return to the scene for the past
two years.  You are not going to steal our spotlight from us this time. You are
not going to succeed.  You are going to falter. You are going to lose."

"So this is what this is all about."

"And you're going to help us succeed by giving us your songs." Kevin laid out
his demands.  "Once I receive all the song lyrics, I will signal to my men to
stop.  Justin's life rests in your hands.  You can be your stubborn self as
usual or you can just chuck it and give in to our demands in exchange for
Justin.  I'll return in an hour for the book.  Write fast.  I don't know how
much longer Justin can endure."

"You're heartless."  JC told his ex-lover to which Kevin merely laughed as he
left the cell.

JC clenched his fists. His glaring eyes still fixated on Kevin as he left.  When
Kevin had finally left, his lids slowly fell over his cobalt eyes.  His fists
slowly relaxed.  His legs slowly dragged himself back further into the cell. 
His eyes rested upon the bound book on the floor. He bent down and picked it,
wiping the dust off the book.  He carried the book on the palm of his hands and
settled in the farthest corner.  He flipped through the blank pages and returned
to the first page.  As commanded, he began to work on transcribing the
soundtrack of his life onto the blank pages of the bound book.  Justin's cries
continued, distracting JC, further slowing him down.  JC would try to weed out
Justin's cries, but it was impossible. Sometimes JC wished that Justin would put
a sock in it.  Just shut up for a second so he could write, but he understood
Justin couldn't stop himself from crying out loud.  He couldn't help himself
from the pain tearing him apart. 

Alas, after nearly an hour of constant writing, the ink in the pen ran dry.  One
more line left and the pen had to run out.  Instead of surrendering to defeat,
JC bit his finger.  He watched, already feeling nausea, as the crimson red
dripped off his fingertips.  He pressed his fingertip onto the paper and
finished the very last line to the very last song.

Once finished, he slammed the book shut.  He slowly got up from his seat, taking
the book in his arms.  He was going to give the book to Jake, but there was no
need.  Kevin had already waited for the book. He took the book from JC's
possessive hands.  Kevin flipped through the pages to make sure that JC had
indeed written the lyrics in the book.  He did. 

Kevin signaled to his men to stop their savagery and to bring Justin back into
the cell where he could reunite with his boyfriend. The men were reluctant at
first, some claiming that they had not gotten the chance to fuck the boy yet
even though their dicks appeared to be dipped in crimson paint.  The men carried
Justin back into the cell.  They tossed him into the cell as if he were nothing
more to them than a broken toy.  Justin remained on the floor, lying on his
side.  His arms wrapped around his middle as to shield the damage inflicted
between his legs.  Still the excessive bleeding from his rectum was indicative
of the horrendous hour he had just endured. 



Small Sacrifices IX   
 JC cried out in rage at the sight of his beloved boyfriend lying on the
  filthy ground. The blood that leaked out of him smeared over the floor on which
  he lay. JC approached Justin slowly, wiping away the tears in his eyes. He
  crouched down beside Justin, reaching to touch him when the boy cried out loud.
  Sobs wracked his broken body and JC was forced to return to his corner away
  from his boyfriend.  
He tilted his head, banging it a few times against the bars. He cried out
  loud once more, letting the last ounce of anger seep through. Tears of sadness
  now replaced his anguish cries. His eyes were misty over with tears yet he
  still could see clearly Justin huddled on the floor, crying his eyes out. Justin
  had since crawled his way from the middle of the cell to the opposite corner.
  Still in an infantile position, he continued to cry. The pain just would not
  go away. It would take weeks to heal if they were lucky enough to escape this
  madness.  
The trembling sobs began to subside and Justin began to suck on his thumb.
  His eyelids closed over his eyes as the final teardrop found its way past his
  lids. His breathing returned to a normal rhythm indicating that sleep was just
  seconds away. His eyes fluttered a few more times before his eyes were bound
  shut.  
Never leaving his eyes off of Justin, JC crawled his way toward his boyfriend.
  Once he reached Justin, he dipped his head down and kissed Justin on the bridge
  of his nose. He brushed away the lose curl and wiped the tears dry from his
  face. Carefully, he shifted Justin's body on his, holding him gently closer
  to his chest. He removed his own jacket and placed the garment over Justin's
  body. And together, entwined in the arms of one another, JC joined Justin in
  their dreamland.  
JC's peaceful sleep was interrupted by the creaking sounds indicative of
  the cell gate being opened. Immediately, his eyes flew open and rage coursed
  throughout his body as his eyes narrowed on the crystal blues eyes staring
  right back at him. It was Brian Littrell. What the hell was he doing here?  
"Hi." Brian murmured, approaching the two lovers.  
"Go away!" JC muttered under his breath. "Or I'll rip your dying heart out
  of your chest."  
"I mean no harm." Brian responded, showing JC what he hid behind his back. "I've
  brought Justin some clothes and some pain killers."  
"Oh. I'm sorry then."  
"It's okay." Brian said, moving in closer to the lovers until he was directly
  next to them. "Can I?" Brian asked, his fingers gripping onto JC's jacket.  
JC merely nodded.  
Brian slowly lifted the jacket off of Justin's sleeping body. Hidden under
  the garment was the damage Justin had suffered. So much damage. Brian was surprised
  that Justin was still alive. He would have just given up and die. He apologized
  to JC once more before leaving the cell to see his cousin.  
Upon reaching the second floor, he could no longer contain the tears that
  were streaming down his frail face. How could someone put another person through
  this much hell? How savage were those men? How inhumane was his own cousin?  
He stumbled into the office room where he found his cousin reading through
  the bound book in which his ex-lover wrote the songs of his life on. A smile
  plastered on his face as he pictured JC had written these songs for him and
  not for that stupid Hollywood golden boy.  
"We need to talk." Brian told his cousin.  
Kevin reluctantly pried off his eyes from the book to look at Brian square
  in the eyes.  
"Yes. What's on your mind, Brian?"  
"Justin." Brian said, almost whispering. "I went to see Justin. He looks
  terrible. There was so much blood on his body. I never thought I'd say this
  but just looking him made me want to throw up."  
"And&hellip;" Kevin said, as if expecting Brian to continue.  
"Why? Kevin, why did you do it?"  
"Because that was the only way." Kevin sighed deeply. "For me. For you. For
  us. That was the only way to get what we needed from JC. For that boy, he'd
  do anything."  
"Why couldn't you just threaten JC with Justin's life?"  
"Because for someone who had been a victim of rape before, rape is worse
  than death itself. I want Justin to suffer and I want JC to suffer even more
  watching him suffer." Kevin explained without even flinching.  
"But he could have died!" Brian grabbed his cousin by the collar, forcing
  him to look him straight in the eyes.  
The door squeaked open and Brian was forced to release his cousin back to
  his seat.  
"But he didn't."  
After searching for Justin throughout the downtown area, Chris, Lance, and
  Joey finally agreed to return to JC's apartment. Perhaps, they would find more
  clues there. Perhaps, they would find JC waiting for them to enlist their help.
  They were wishful thinking, praying for the latter scenario more than anything.  
They arrived to an empty apartment, again. JC was still nowhere to be found.
  And their search for Justin turned up nothing save for the bits of information
  they had gathered from the jewelry shopkeeper. All three former bandmaters
  convened in the bedroom, where they would try to be productive and at least
  help JC put everything in his life back in order. However, they were all painfully
  aware that without Justin, JC would rather die. Life without Justin was like
  life without music and life without music for JC Chasez was the equivalent
  of death. As they organized his books and hung his clothes in the closet, Lance
  noticed the blinking red light on the answering machine. Abandoning the task
  at hand, Lance slowly walked over the clothes piled on the floor to check the
  messages on the answering machines.  
"Good luck, hon, from mom and dad."  
It was only JC's mother.  
"Break a leg, JC. I knew from the first day I met you, you would be a star."  
It was only Peaches from his Mickey Mouse Club years.  
"Where the hell are you?"  
Johnny's angry words nearly deafened Lance as he covered his ears. Johnny
  continued his slurs, damning JC if he did not return to the theatre. Lance
  was about ready to simply turn off the machine when the next message struck
  him.  
"Hey! Hey!"  
He heard JC's voice loud and clear on the machine as if he was calling for
  him.  
"What is it?" He heard an unfamiliar voice appeared on the machine. "What
  do you want, boy?"  
"I was wondering&hellip;" There was a long drawn out pause. "I was wondering&hellip;" He
  could barely hear JC's voice over the turbulent sounds. Lance listened more
  carefully. He even rewound the tape so he could hear every bits and pieces
  of the conversation. Still, JC's voice was drowned out by, by&hellip;Lance
  had to rewound the tape a few more times. The van was driving over the railroad
  tracks, sending the van into a slight turbulence just as JC was saying, "Can
  we stop by that Ice Coffee shop. I'm getting tired already. You know me. I
  love to sleep. If I'm asleep, you'll never get what you want from me."  
He rewound the tape for the final time to listen to the message in it's entirety.  
"Hey! Hey!"  
"What is it? What do you want, boy?"  
"I was wondering&hellip;"  
Long pause.  
"I was wondering&hellip;"  
Turbulence as the van drove over the railroad tracks.  
"Can we stop by that Ice Coffee shop. I'm getting tired already. You know
  me. I love to sleep. If I'm asleep, you'll never get what you want from me."  
A smile crept on his face as he finally put the pieces together.  
"JC, you're brilliant," Lance smiled.  
He turned around and called out for his friend and lover. His voice higher
  than the usual bass. There was too much excitement in his voice that he could
  not hide.  
"I know where they are." Lance told them. "Wherever they took them, they
  took them to a place past the railroad tracks preceded by an Ice Coffee shop.
  Wherever there is an Ice Coffee shop by the railroad tracks, they will be near."  
"Lance, you're brilliant." Joey enveloped his boyfriend in his arms, kissing
  him on the lips, softly.  
Lance wiggled out of his boyfriend's embrace and smiled widely.  
"No. It was JC. He's the brilliant one. He left a message on the machine
  for us, pinpointing exactly where they were taking him. And I'm almost certain
  that Justin is with him, too."  
AJ appeared in the doorway, casting a dark shadow in the room. He shifted
  his body out of the doorway and entered the spacious room, stopping in back
  of Brian, to playfully ruffle his blonde hair before taking a seat across from
  Kevin.  
"Justin's not dead yet." AJ repeated once again.  
"I know." Kevin said. "But we have all the lyrics in this book."  
"Ha! Are you that na&iuml;ve?!" AJ laughed out loud. He snaked out his hand
  and before Kevin could react, he had already taken the bound book of lyrics
  in his hands. He flipped through the pages of the book, nodding satisfactorily. "Looking
  good. But are you really that stupid?"  
"Pardon me?"  
"The lyrics are nothing."  
"What do you mean nothing? Every song is written beautifully." Kevin retorted
  defensively.  
"Looks like someone still has feelings for our favorite pop star." Nick said
  as he casually entered the room. He was closely followed by Howie who greeted
  Kevin with a quick hello.  
"Look, Kevin." AJ peered into Kevin's dark green eyes. "Of course, JC's work
  is art. With such masterpieces, do you really think JC hasn't already burned
  the lyrics through his soul? Chances are he probably commit the lyrics to heart
  by now."  
"Then what do you say we do now?"  
AJ smiled devilishly. He got up from his seat and paced about the room until
  he stood directly behind Kevin. He leaned closer to his bandmate and whispered
  in his ears the inevitable.  
"We kill him."  
"What? I can't do that."  
"That's the only way, Kevin." Nick responded.  
"Howie?"  
"Yes." Howie nodded weakly, avoiding eye contact with Kevin completely.  
Kevin slumped into his chair. He rested his head in the palms of his hands,
  rubbing his temple roughly. AJ took the opportunity and set a sheathed sword
  before Kevin.  
"Use this." AJ said, thrusting the sword toward Kevin. "You'll know what
  do."  
Kevin gazed sadly at the sheathed sword. He removed the protective covering
  and immediately he was blinded by the glint of the sword under the natural
  moonlight. He sheathed the sword once more and held it close to his heart.  
"Be strong. Have no mercy upon him." AJ added. "Just remember that he never
  loved you the way you loved him."  
"I will."  
"Good. Now that we have that settled, we-"  
"AJ." Nick interrupted his boyfriend. "I think Brian's gone."  
"He's what?" AJ shrieked.  
"Nick said that he's-"  
"I heard what he said, Howie." Annoyance was evident in his voice as he spoke
  harshly to his bandmate. "When did he leave?"  
"Just a few moments ago." Nick answered his boyfriend.  
"Bastard."  
Author's Notes: Don't forget to watch SNL on NBC on 10/11/03 at 11:30pm
    ET/PT. Justin Timberlake will be the host and musical guest on the show.
    Seriously, Justin should just fire Ken Sunshine and hire yours truly.  
    

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Aphrodite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





