BDSM Library - Cumbag at the Rat Bar




Cumbag at the Rat Bar
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cumbag's adventure in the bar for the "river rats", men who lived and worked on the river boats out of Memphis.
Cumbag at the Rat Bar

By  SteveD


The bar was a favorite of the "river rats", men who lived and worked on the
river boats out of Memphis. At first, no one paid any attention to the new
patrons but that didn't last long. It never does. Like a wave the bar became
quiet as the men turned and looked at us. I was holding a leach, at the other
end was Cumbag. "Come on you fucking pig! You don't have all night cunt! Do your
job", I said to my little bitch with a tug on it's leash. Some of the men began
to smile as I led the whore to the end of the bar.

Cumbag looked so cute in her G-string and T-shirt  with the  holes cut in them
for the nipples. The wide studded collar reflected what little light there was.
One of the men pointed to her head and laughed, "Look at that shit!" Then the
other men noticed the word Cumbag written on her forehead with the marker.

"Do it slut, you know it's the only reason I keep you around." I laughed as I
pushed her to the floor. Cumbag looked up into leering faces as she has so many
times, as her cunt became wetter.

"My name is Cumbag. I'm just a slut. I service cocks. That's all I do!" she
screamed to the men. She pulled her hair and said, "This is slut-hair. It's for
controlling Cumbag, for moving my cum-sucking mouth from one delicious cock to
the next, or dragging my face through puddles of cum or piss". Men began to
crowd around her as she continued. "This is my top cunt" she giggled as she
stuck two fingers into her mouth, slurping on them as if they were a huge cock.
She pulled her spit wet fingers out of her mouth and pinched her

nipples. "These are slut-tits. They are for hurting and pulling Cumbag around" A
man leaned over and spit into her mouth and screamed "You're a hot little cunt ,
huh bitch?" as men laughed at his compliment.

"Oh, yes sir" Cumbag agreed. "That's just what I am. I'm a hot cunt-slut that
should have a cock in its slut-mouth. Don't you think a bitch like me should be
sucking  cocks. Isn't that all I'm good for? Does anyone want to shove their
cock in a pig like me?" she cooed, looking from one man to the next. A fat man
missing most of his teeth said "I'll fuck a pig-mouthed cunt, bitch" and grabbed
Cumbag's ears and fucked his cock into her mouth like it was a cunt. But then,
that's just what it is, a cunt.

Cumbag made little muffled whimpers as he fucked her mouth faster to the roar of
approval from the crowd of men. They were all shouting something. "Fuck her,
man, Fuck her like a whore" ."Choke the bitch." Two men grabbed the sides of
Cumbag's head so her mouth became more like just a hole to fuck. "Hurry up man
and dump your load in the slut. Hell, I want choke her ,too!"

I grabbed the mans shoulder. "Don't worry", I laughed. " You guys can fuck this
little pig until you're sick of it. This Cumbag can hold a lot of cum. Right
bitch!" as I kicked Cumbag in her cunt. The men laughed louder when they saw her
cum. "Take it bitch, take it all you fucking whore, uuuuggg, every drop little
pig-slut" the man fucking her mouth grunted as he came with her nose pressed
firmly against his pubic hair. He pulled his wet cock out with a loud PLOP as
Cumbag whined "Ooohhh, that was sooo gooood! Who wants to be next to fuck my
little cunt-mouth" as she turned her head from man to man ."So many pretty
cocks.Please, stick some in the Cumbag. Use me like a slut-pig should be. Ooohh,
I'm just a cunt. Fuck the slut" she said with her tongue wagging and the small
trail of cum sliding down her chin. "Me bitch "I leaned over a ripped her
G-string off , as a black man with a huge cock slid into her open mouth. "Yea
bitch, I'll use yo little white -whore mouth just the way it's supposed to be."
The two men holding her head pushed harder causing her to gag. "All right,
That's the way to stuff a pig" I said as I slapped the men on the back.

"Who wants to fuck the slut" I asked the crowd of hooting men. Two laughing men
plunged their cocks in Cumbag's cunt and ass as she grunted around the black
cock "Eat it slut, yea that's it you fucking whore" the black man shouted as he
added his load to the Cumbag. "Thank you, oh god, please fuck my slut-ass off.
oh yes! Fuck me like the trash slut I am. More please, fuck me hard like a whore
should be fucked! Oohh yeeaa! Use me for a cum-dump!!! "Cumbag's' begging was
silenced by the four cocks stuck in her face. The men were getting wilder by the
minute. She tried to suck them the way she knew they wanted, but no cock stayed
in her thirsty mouth for more than a few seconds. As soon as she started
nuzzling one cock, her head would be snapped over to another prick. Her hands
were fitted around cocks as their owners had her jerk them off. The men fucking
her cunt and ass cursed her as they came. "Fucking pig. Goddamn slut".

Her arms were stripped with cum as the men she was jerking off came and new
cocks filled her hands. The four men fucking her face were rubbing their cocks
all over Cumbag's face. "Please don't be so mean to the fuck-pig. Pleeaase, let
me suck your wonderful cocks. I'm a good cock-sucker, aren't I? It's fun to fuck
my mouth-cunt, please fuck my mouth some more!!!" Cumbag whined because the men
wouldn't stick their cocks in her mouth.

"Hey, guys let's try this" I said as I got an ice scoop from behind the bar. Two
of the men started to cum, one blasted a thick, white jet into Cumbag's left
eye. This amused the other man so  much he aimed for the right one. Still
Cumbag's mouth stayed open, hoping some one would cum in it. As the 'eye gluers'
finished their handy-work, I worked the ice scoop into Cumbag's mouth.

"OK guys, this will make it easier to fill the Cumbag "I said to the crowd as
six men stepped up around the scoop sticking out of the sluts mouth. "Here, you
men that are waiting to fuck the pig, put these rubbers on, fuck-pigs love
cum-gum." we all laughed .I looked down at Cumbag. She was becoming a mess. Both
eyes were plastered shut, 

her face was  zigzagged with ropes of cum. Two big cum bubbles swelled and
popped from her nostrils as she breathed. Huge strands cum dangled from her ears
like sticky earrings. The scoop was nearly full of cum and there was a constant
stream of cum from each side of her cum filled mouth that cascaded to her tits.
Every time she swallowed  a mouth full of the mixed cum, the men shouted their
approval. "Eat it pig"-"That's the way you fucking cum-slut"-"Keep eating cum
like that bitch and your tits will get even bigger!" Cumbag made little gurgling
sounds as she tried to agree with the men. Cumbag looked around at the three
huge lines of men waiting their turn to make a deposit in or on the
cum-receptacle. The line in front seemed longer. Everyone wanted to cum in the
cunt's face. The 'ass line' and  'cunt line' still each contained a dozen or
more men each.

Soon all the rubbers were filled and were dropped into a beer pitcher. Too bad I
didn't bring more. I should have known 48 wouldn't have been enough. Cumbag's 
belly was beginning  to look swollen from the gallons of cum it had consumed and
the scoop was overflowing onto the floor. The crowd was beginning to thin out
now that their balls were completely drained.

I leaned through the last group of men that were jacking off into the cunt's
face and pulled the scoop from Cumbag's mouth, sloshing cum all over her and the
floor. " I christen you 'The Rat's Cum-slut' and the biggest pig here" I laughed
as I poured the cum filled scoop on top of Cumbag's head. As the men laughed at
her Cumbag shouted " Thank you, thank you all so much for using me as your
cum-dump. I hope I've been a good little slut for you all " ,as the wave of cum
flowed down her face. "Hey bitch, your not done. Look what I have for the slut"
one of the men said as he held up the beer pitcher half full of cum, with dozens
of used rubbers floated in it.

As Cumbag tilted her head back and opened her mouth she said " Please feed the
Cumbag some more cum. The Cumbag's not full yet! I can still hold more cum.
Everyone applauded as her poured the pitcher of cum in the cunt's eyes, mouth
hair and face. The cum flowed straight down the slut's throat. As she chewed on
the mouthful of rubbers to swallow them I said "The bitch has been good tonight.
Let's help the whore out!". With that I pointed my cock toward the choking cunt
and began to piss. "This will help you get those rubbers down, Slut!"

Within minutes I was joined by the remaining men and Cumbag gurgled down the
rubbers with the help of 17 pissing cocks. For a moment I thought we might drown
her but wouldn't have stopped the streams of piss into her open mouth if I could
have.

Too soon it was over. As more of the men went home the bartender shouted "
Goddamn, who's going to clean up this fucking mess!". I told Cumbag to answer
him. She said "I will sir, it's my mess. If  I'd been a better slut I would have
drunk all of this wonderful cum" as she lowed her head and began to lap up the
huge puddle of piss and cum. I walked over, grabbed her hair ," I'll be back for
you in the morning and there had not better be a trace of cum of piss left. If
there is I'll put you in the men's room at the rest area for week again!"

As the bartender was locking the door he said " Shit, I forgot about the guard
dog" I laughed as I said, " That's ok, look". He started to laugh too as he saw
Cumbag on her hands and knees, lapping up cum and piss as the dog began to fuck
her. We laughed even harder as we heard Cumbag scream, "Ooohh yeeaahh, fuck your
bitch harder. I'll be your little dog-whore all night. That's it fuck the bitch.
Fuck the bitch. Fuck the bitch"....   As he locked the door.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve Dema


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





