BDSM Library - When Monsters Meet




When Monsters Meet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A vampire hunter traps his prey and chooses to savor her undead charms before...
When Monsters Meet

T W Cloth

She had never been helpless before; not in her nearly 100 years of un-life. She
was a vampiress and she was used to being the hunter. Tonight she was the prey.
The world had gone mad in recent years, and people were beginning to take notice
of vampires. No longer were they considered a fable... and now, after centuries
of scaring the life out of mere mortals... there was something that would bring
fear to their heart and an end to their lives.

Lady Elaine of course didn't know this yet. All she knew was the hunt and the
thrill of the kill. She wasn't choosy, male or female, adult or child... as she
had need and opportunity... would suffice. Often she toyed with them sexually
before, during, and after the attack. She liked to lure men with the promise of
sex... she liked to bring women to the bring of lesbian delight just prior to
the kill... and when she allowed them to join the undead, she would join in ripe
orgies of delight on the full moon.

Tonight however, she was being stalked. It was a case of the predator following
her prey and being hunted herself... so caught in the hunt that she failed to
notice her shadow... until it was too late. Lady Elaine found out tragically
late in her un-life that not even the most expert of predators... is exempt from
being stalked themselves...

*****

Dressed in a burgundy negligee and black cape, stockings, and high heels, Lady
Elaine found her mark. He was walking along the alley when she entered and
smiled seductively at him. Rick Rollins, blonde haired and blue eyed... and red
blooded American male... stared at the beauty before him. She smiled and
motioned with a finger for him to follow her and he did so without a thought.
Rick was an inch over six feet, and weighed 210 lbs. of solid muscle. He was
certain this woman was nothing in the way of a threat... until they were deep in
the darkened alley and she reached down to his crotch, unzipped his fly, and
dropped to her knees before him...

By the time she exposed her true self, Rick was too close to ecstasy to care.
The vampire bitch had teased and tormented his engorged cock until it twitched
with every beat of his heart as blood pumped through it's veins. He was close to
orgasm when, unbeknownst to him, her fangs grew and she sank them into the vein
that carried his life's blood to his pulsating organ.

There was something about her... something perhaps in her saliva or maybe just
the aura of her presence... but Rich never screamed. He moaned softly as Lady
Elaine sucked the life's blood from the fresh holes... and at the moment of
truth... as his blood supply dropped to the point that he would not survive, the
vampiress massaged his balls to cause him to climax... bringing the most violent
orgasm that her victim had ever know... and the last of his human existence.

*****

The hunter stood in the shadows watching. He knew what he had planned and he
knew that this would be his victims last meal. She might as well enjoy it.
Besides, he knew that satiated on human blood, she would lose some of her
power... her ability to fight him would be halved at least... because it was
hunger that drove the vampire... the need for food that gave them most of their
superhuman powers. Having just fed, she would be all the easier to conquer.

He quietly raised the small tube to his mouth and blew. A small dart flew across
from the shadow and struck the sexy vampire in her ass. She yelped and
instinctively reached back and pulled it out. The hunter stepped from the
shadows. Lady Elaine opened her mouth to expose her fangs... hissing a
warning... but already realizing that something was wrong. She wanted to change
into a bat and fly away, but she couldn't. She thought to become a rat and lose
herself in the alley, but she couldn't. She couldn't seem to focus... the alley
was beginning to spin.

"Nothing like a little silver," the hunter chuckled, "is there bitch?"

"What?" Lady Elaine asked as she shook her head and struggled to stay on her
feet.

"You know... silver," the hunter explained, "Pure silver... like a bullet... can
kill you. Lower grade and a small dose... administered to your blood... well,
let's just say that you're going to pay for your crimes..."

But the vampiress was not listening. With a sigh her knees buckled and she fell
toward the hunter. He caught her in his arms and tossing her across his
shoulder, placed a call on his cell phone.

"Pick me up," he ordered into the phone.

*****

Moments later, a plain white van eased into the alley. The side door opened and
the hunter deposited his prize inside... sitting her on the floor, laying her
back on the rug, and swinging her legs inside. He took a silver dagger and
walking to Lady Elaine's victim, stabbed him directly in the heart three times.
The destroyed heart, pierced with the silver weapon, would never pump blood
through an undead body... The hunter then returned to the van, climbed in with
his cargo, and shut the door. The van continued slowly to the other end of the
alley, and turning right... headed on out of town.

*****

Arriving at an old warehouse on the outskirts of the city, the van enters
through a large doorway and an overhead door lowers to hide their presence. The
van lurches to a stop and the driver exits. He moves to a large table and
removes the cloth that covers it. The driver drops to his knees and begins to
secure lengths of a scarlet rope to rings that are protruding from the sides of
the table.

The hunter has emerged from the van and he pulls the unconscious Lady Elaine to
him... knocking her shoes loose in the process and leaving them scattered in the
van as he carries the helpless vampiress to the table. He nods to the driver who
then returns to the van and drives away.

The hunter takes the prepared ropes... and binds one to each of the sleeping
creatures wrists... and uses a third to bind her ankles together, effectively
tying her to the table in three spots. He then begins to massage his victim's
breasts... rubbing his hands roughly across the fabric and tweaking the un-dead
bitch's nipples. They respond to his touch as if warm blood flowed through her
veins.

Lady Elaine begins to stir and the hunter opens a canvas bag that sits on the
floor next to him. He produces a wooden stake and a mallet and holds them
menacingly at his captive's breast. She wakes slowly, but as she opens her eyes
she recoils at the sight. True death is inches from her and she knows fear like
she's never known before.

"I wanted you to understand fear before you died," the hunter smirks.

"Wait..." Lady Elaine says softly, "please."

"Wait for what?" the hunter smiles slightly, "You have no hope. The ropes are
soaked in garlic, and your feast and the silver have you weaker than ever."

"I... I know," she pouts slightly, "but I can... give you pleasure in exchange
for my life..."

The charm and beauty of the vampiress are not weakened by the gorging or the
drug. She is a desirable creature and the hunter considers the offer. He knows,
of course, that trusting her is out of the question. But it wouldn't be the
first time that he has satiated himself on a helpless victim. And knowing that
she is powerless to be a true threat... makes him more of a monster at the
moment than she...

Laying the tools of his trade aside, the hunter pulls a fourth rope from the
table side and secures Lady Elaine's right ankle to it, and pulling her legs to
the right, ties that tightly to the proper ring. He then unties the rope that
secures the ankles together, and reties it to just her left ankle. The vampiress
tries to kick, but her captor secures her leg tightly under his arm while he
finishes her spread-eagle tie.

Smiling an evil little smile, he unfastens his pants and lets them drop to the
floor. As he steps out of them, his erection swings free in the air and Lady
Elaine licks her lips seductively.

"I don't think so," the hunter smiled as he pulled a knife from under the table.
He then raised his captive's negligee and used the knife to slice her matching
panties free from her body. As he climbed onto the table... and as his cock drew
nearer to her cold pussy... Lady Elaine's eyes grew wide with horror. She looked
at the engorged cock and then at the face of her captor.

"No," she protested, "no... you... you're one of us!"

The hunter stopped and smiled, exposing his slowly growing fangs. His hand
reached down and rubbed across the scars where he had been bitten years before.

"Yes my sweet captive, I am."

Lady Elaine struggled fiercely against her bonds, but she was helpless and she
knew it. Her stale breath came in spurts as she tried desperately to escape what
was coming. Her nipples grew rigid and pressed against the fabric of her
negligee.... she felt an electric anticipation in her clitoris... and then the
hunter was upon her... thrusting his undead cock into her own undead pussy. He
was thrusting with a fury and a vengeance that was unparalleled to anything the
vampiress had ever experienced. She felt the coming passion of her orgasm and as
she began to writhe and rock wildly beneath him, she felt the ultimate climax...
as his fangs pierced the skin of her neck and sank deeply into her jugular vein,
even as his own lifeless sperm flooded into her long dead womb...

And then she knew the sweet embrace of oblivion...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T W Cloth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





