BDSM Library - Cumbag at the Frathouse




Cumbag at the Frathouse
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cumbag's new adventure in the frathouse, where guys love to use the cumbag as a toilet.
CUMBAG at the FRATHOUSE


"OK, cunt. Here we are. You do a good job this weekend. These guy's paid good
money for your whore-ass and I don't want to hear any complaints. Do you
understand, pig?"

Cumbag looked up and smiled "Yes sir, the Cumbag understands. It will make you
proud. It will make sure they all have fun with the pig. I hope there are a lot
of men here who know how to treat a little fuck-pig like me "

I laughed as I opened the car door and pulled on the bitches leash "Don't worry
slut, I've made sure they know what kind of a slut you are. Come on, cunt ", as
I led the Cumbag up the steps. Some of the guys were outside drinking as I
walked and Cumbag crawled past them." Hey, look at this shit" one of the guys
said. I smiled at cumbag. She looked at the boys, "I'm cumbag, and I hope you
want to do more thank look. A slut like me needs fucked. Do you want to fuck the
cumbag?" They started to laugh as they followed us in. The boy who had spoke
said " Here Cumbag, hold my beer for me " as he shoved the bottle in her ass.
Cumbag grunted at the sudden intrusion, then wiggled her ass, "Oohh Thank you!!
I hope I get to suck it later. I'm just a slut.." I looked down at the bottle
sticking out of her ass and then to the grinning group of boys. "That's right.
Cumbag is just a slut. Use it any way you want for the next two days, just don't
break it too bad." They laughed as Cumbag crawled through the door, trying to
keep the bottle in her ass.

Cumbag began to smile we entered the frathouse and it was full of men. And
cocks!!!!

The noise of the house stopped when Cumbag crawled in. " Well, it looks like the
entertainment finally got its whore-ass here " said Tom, the frat president. "I
hope your pig is up for this weekend." I jerked Cumbag's leash hard. It
shuddered as the beer bottle dropped from her ass. " The fucking slut dropped my
beer bottle. Can't you do anything right, you fucking pig-cunt! " Bob yelled.
Laughter filled the room when he picked the bottle from the floor and shoved it
in the Cumbag's mouth. Cumbag would have whined at the loss of having her
asshole no longer filled, but having its mouth filled always makes it forget
such things.

"Don't worry Tom. This little pig will love any and everything you do to it.
Cumbag is very good at what it does. You'll never find a dumb cunt who loves
degradation more than this cunt." I said as I grabbed Cumbag's hair and pulled
the bottle from her sucking mouth. " Ok slut, introduce you slut-self to the
fraternity "

" I am Cumbag. I'm a cunt. That's all I am. I'm for fucking, hurting,
humiliating, and anything you want. A bitch like me is only happy when it's full
of cocks. My name is Cumbag, because that's what I am. A human rubber, a
cum-depository, a walking sperm bank. "  She got on her knees and started
shoving her hand into her cunt as she continued, looking around at the more than
a hundred fraternity brothers. "  Do anything you want to me. Do whatever you've
ever thought about doing to a slut. I'LL LOVE IT !!! Fuck me till I pass out,
and then fuck the bitch some more. Oooohhh, I'm such a nasty cumslut. Want to
piss in my whore-face? Plleeaassee. I'm a good toilet. " She drove her hand in
deeper as she opened her mouth, wagging her tongue. Want me to lick your ass?
Oohh, I hope so. My slut-tongue is better than Charmin. " She giggled. " Want me
to fuck a dog? Bring it on and then make it piss in my slut-face. Want to see
the cunt suck a horse? Oohh, the bitch loves horse-cum!"Cumbag continued to beg
for degradation as Tom and I picked up the cunt and laid her on her back. She
worked her hand in and out of her cunt as a boy named Todd appeared with a hand
full of markers. When cumbag saw them she grinned and fist-fucked her self even
harder.

" Ooohh yeah, mark the bitch. Let everyone know what kind of a bitch-slut I am.
Oh, I'm such a slut. Use me like the cumbag I am."  she whimpered. Tom took a
red marker, and wrote on her forehead ' ATO CUMBAG ', Todd used a black one and
wrote on her left cheek  'CUM HERE' with an arrow toward her mouth. Bob wrote on
her right cheek 'ATO URINAL' with an arrow to the other side of her mouth. One
boy wrote on her belly 'CUM DUMP', soon most of the cumbag's body was decorated.
Across her back were all the words she loved "BITCH', 'CUNT', 'PIG-SLUT', etc.
The young men were getting used to having a real fuck-bitch to use and becoming
less shy. A rainstorm of filthy compliments poured down on the willing slut.

"HEY PIG, READY FOR SOME CUM!! "
" LOOK AT THAT SLUT FUCKMEAT!"

" LET'S FUCK THE PIG!"
" WHAT A PIECE OF SHIT WHORE!"

"YO, CUNT YOU READY FOR SOME COCK?"
"FIST-FUCK YOUR SELF CUNT!"

" I WANT TO PISS IN HER FACE!"
" WHAT ARE WE WAITNG FOR?"

" Oooohh yes! What are you waiting for? FUCK THIS SLUT-CUNT! I'm trash. FUCK THE
WHORE! Pleeaassee, FUCK ME!! ,cumbag begged.

I helped Tom pick her up, her hand popped out of her dripping cunt, which caused
a round of laughter and more nasty comments, and placed her chest on a table.
With her arms tied to the legs, and bent at the waist, cumbag was an easy
target. I knew she was in good hands. " So long, guys. Have fun with the bitch.
I'll be back Sunday afternoon to pick up what's left of the cunt," I said as I
left.

Cumbag looked up from the table to an ocean of lusty, young faces. She hoped she
would soon see an ocean of fresh cum covering her slut-body. " OK cunt, here's
the deal. First we are going to find out how good of a cocksucker you are. Since
you seem to like fist-fucking so much, some of us will entertain ourselves by
seeing how much fist-fucking a slut can take while you empty some of our
brother's balls." Tom said as he held cumbag's head up by her hair. Cumbag
barely had time to open her mouth as Tom forced his cock down her willing throat
in a single thrust." Yeah. That's it pig. Choke on some cock. You sleazy
cunt-bitch." Tom grunted while fucking her throat like a cunt. "Uuummpphh"
cumbag moaned around his cock. Spit began to escape from her lips as cumbag
turned her mouth into a hot, wet cunt. One of the boys put a plastic pan under
cumbag's chin to catch the drool.

Behind her, the entertainment was beginning A boy on each side had one of her
firm ass cheeks

Pulling her ass apart. Two other boys were doing the same thing to her cunt.
Another boy snickered as he shoved his hand into her cunt. Cumbag's mouth came
off of Tom's cock just as he came, sending a huge, thick spurt into cumbag's
left eye. She screamed, "OOOoohhh yessss, FIST THE SLUT!... FIST THE
SLUT...Oooohh Yess. HARDER! HARDER!" The boys laughed when Tom cut off her
whining when he shoved his squirting cock back into the cumbag's mouth-cunt.
"You fucking STUPID PIG! When someone cums in your slut mouth. you take every
drop unless you're told otherwise. DO YOU UNDERSTAND YOU FUCKING SLUT?" Tom
shouted as he slapped her face. Cumbag nodded as she licked and sucked every
trace of cum from his cock and down her throat where it belonged. She didn't
mind the slap, she knew she was being rude for not swallowing all of his cum.
Tom grabbed the slut's head and pulled his cock out. "NO! PLEASE GIVE IT BACK!
THE CUMBAG NEEDS A COCK IN IT'S MOUTH CUNT! " cumbag screamed. Tom leaned down
and spit in her face as she opened her mouth for it.

" Oohh Thank you... Spit on the bitch! Oohh yeeaah...show me what a slimy piece
of fuck meat I am...I'll be you spittoon...your whore...your toilet...anything
you want...but please...use me for your cumbag...please..." the little cunt
whimpered.

The boy fisting her cunt fucked his hand in to half way to his elbow. The
jerking of her body caused the rope of cum that started in her left eye to swing
back and forth until it broke off into the pan below her chin. "Damn, look at
this slut take my fucking arm. The bitch looks like a horse-whore to me " the
fist-fucker said to his laughing buddies. A fat boy said, " HEY, I want to fist
the bitch. I've always wanted to do that". "Go for it" the boy, said as he
jerked his arm out with a plop. The fat boy slapped cumbag's ass, "Take it pig"
as he shoved his hand in her open, dripping cunt. " YESS!... FIST THE PIG
HARD!...FIST MY SLUTTY CUNT TO PIECES" cumbag wailed.

Cumbag was lost in a fog of lust. She opened her mouth, wagging her tongue as
she looked up at the crowd of hard cocked boys in front of her, as the fat boy
wrecked her cunt. "Who wants to fuck the slut's mouth... Please, give the bitch
another cock to suck...Anybody....Everybody... I'll suck your cock sooo goood..
Use me like the cock-sucking cumpig I am.... MORE! THE PIG NEEDS MORE! ...Please
fuck my mouth-cu...." A black boy cut off her begging with a huge blue-back cock
rippled with veins. " TAKE IT YOU WHITE TRASH WHORE! " he shouted. " YOU FUCKING
WHITE CUNT!!! SUCK MY NIGGER COCK LIKE A GOOD LITTLE WHITE PIG!!"  The crowd of
boys pointed and laughed at the way cumbag's throat bulged around the thick cock
with every thrust. Cumbag's mind was spinning. It felt like the two boys had
turned her into a giant cunt. It seemed the boy fisting her would almost touch
the cock in her throat at times. Cumbag was getting dizzy due to lack of oxygen,
but that didn't matter. All that mattered was THE COCK!

Suddenly the black boy yelled and pulled his cock out of her mouth. Cumbag tried
to follow it but couldn't. "TAKE IT ALL OVER YOUR SLUT FACE" he screamed as he
stroked his cock, plastering her face with a torrent of jizz that dripped from
her nose, cheeks and chin. The fat boy took that as a cue to let someone else
fist the whore. He didn't want to be selfish. After all these were his
fraternity brothers, and he could always fist her later. Cumbag smiled at the
chorus it heard.

   SLUT!!!
   PIGWHORE!!!
   LET'S FUCK THIS DUMB CUNT UP!!!
   BITCH!!
   HAD ENOUGH YOU FUCKRAG, BITCH-SLUT???


   Cumbag moaned. She was empty. She didn't think she could bear that! "NNOO,
STUFF THE CUNT-WHORE... PLEASE STUFF THE BITCHES CUNT AND MOUTH!... DON'T LEAVE
ME LIKE THIS." she screamed as she licked her lips and wiggled her ass, trying
to entice someone to use her holes. The enticement worked. Another arm entered
her cunt as a set of twins stepped up to her mouth. "We do everything together,
" they said in unison as they forced both of their big cocks into the willing
whore's mouth. "Uummm" cumbag mewled as the two cocks fucked into her mouth"
OOHhhh Soooo GOOOd...FUCK MY MOUTHCUNT HARDER!....UUHHMMM"    She kept her
tongue licking the undersides of the two cocks as her throat filled with their
pre-cum. Again; Cumbag's world became hazy. Between her burning lust and oxygen
deprivation it was hard to concentrate. But she kept her tongue lapping and her
ass rotating as her ears filled with the filthy names the 100+ crowd of boys
rained down on her. Some would come over and pinch her nipple; some would slap
her face. Others would spank her ass and some would grab her head or hair and
force her mouth even further down the two lip stretching cocks. A lot of the
boys thought it was fun to spit all over her. Soon spit was dripping from her
face, her ears, her hair and her sides. She loved it all.



   "SUCK THOSE COCKS YOU FILTHY SLUT!"
   "YEAH! CHOKE THAT PIG ! "

" COOL MAN! SHOVE YOUR WHOLE ARM UP THAT SLUT'S CUNT !"  

" MOVE MAN, LET ME SHOW YOU HOW TO TWIST A BITCH'S NIPPLE! "

" HURRY UP, I WANT A SHOT AT THE WHORE! "

The boys of the fraternity had never seen such a willing slut. They couldn't
believe what they were seeing. Cumbag's eyes were bulging; her lips stretched to
the point of tearing and tears ran down her cheeks from her cum stinged eyes.
The pan below her head held a mixture cum and spit and was collecting more. Cum
continued to drip of her face and spit dripped from the corners of her mouth as
the two twin cocks used her mouth for a cunt. Spit from the boys also dripped
from her face. The filthy words that decorated her slutty body were beginning to
smear from the sweat, spit, cum and all of the other disgusting things the
drunk, horny boys were doing to the cum-slave. The boy fisting her cunt was
using a twisting motion and her forearm fucked relentlessly in and out as others
shouted encouragement to him to fist her even harder. Cumbag shuddered and
passed out as she came.

The twins laughed as they throat- fucked the unconscious slut. The twins looked
at each other and winked. They pulled their cocks out together. Drool poured
from the unconscious whore as her face fell into the pan of spit and cum. A boy
grabbed her hair and yanked her face out of the slime. The crowd of boys
applauded when the twins stuck their cocks in her nostrils as they came. Thick,
white jets of salty cum were injected up her nose. Her cunt tightened so much
the boy fist-fucking her cunt had to stop. His hand was held tight by her cunt
as the pig came. He smiled at the way her cunt muscles tried to milk his arm.

Cumbag coughed as she came to. Her nose burned and she didn't know why. As the
haze lifted from mind, she remembered where she was and inhaled cum down her
throat. The spasms of her cunt lessened around the boy's arm and he was able to
free it. The boys holding her ass and cunt apart for the fist-fuckers laughed
and pointed to the glut of pussy-cream that poured from her cunt, coating the
inside of her thighs.

    " THAT'S IT, CUM YOU FILTHY SLUT! "
    " LOOK AT ALL THAT CUM!!"

" GOD! WHAT A FUCKING SLUT THAT BITCH IS! "
" LET ME BE NEXT!"



Cumbag continued to snort and cough as she tried to clear her nose, throat and
lungs of cum. Four thick strands of cum slithered from her upper lip, across her
mouth, down to the pan. Cumbag stuck her tongue out and caught all four strands.
Boys laughed, applauded and shouted more obscene compliments when the slut
slurped up the four dangling strand of cum like they were spaghetti. As her eyes
focused she started to beg for more, but found a hairy ass in her face. Her
tongue speared the boy's ass effortlessly. She shook her head from side to side
as her face was buried in his ass-checks. The ass-pig drove her tongue in deeper
and deeper. The boy leaned forward just a little and started rocking his ass up
and down. Cumbag's tongue lathered his ass-crack from his balls to the top. He
suddenly turned around and grabbed Cumbag's long blonde hair with his left hand.
She felt her hair being almost pulled out, but she didn't care. All she cared
about was the beautiful cock being stroked two inches from her nose.

The boy spit in her face and shouted, " Keep your tongue out bitch. Take another
cum-load you fucking cumslut!" Cumbag did as she was told as her cock erupted
all over her face and tongue. She slurped what cum she could catch in her mouth
and rolled it around, savoring the delicious juice." SOOO GOOOD...OOHH I LIVE
FOR CUMMmmm" The boy giggled as he hosed her face with his cum. Several boys
patted him on the back for a 'job well done'. As more cum cascaded down her face
into the pan, Cumbag began to beg again.

"MORE! GIVE THE PIG MORE!... Please give the whore some more cocks to suck.
Pleeaasse! ... Want me to lick your ass? GREAT! Somebody stick his ass in my
face!... Who wants their balls sucked?... Just stick them in my mouth! " She
looked back at the group of boys around her ass. " "Why aren't you fist-fucking
the bitch?.. Go ahead; shove your arm up my slutty cunt. I can take it...Stick
two fists in my whore cunt...I'm just a PIG-WHORE-SLUT-BITCH-CUNT !!! Use me
like one!  PPLLEEAASSEE!!!!"  She turned around to see a gangly, pimpled faced
boy with a small cock. She stared at in blankly for a second and then opened her
mouth. The cunt caught his cock and balls in a lightning move like an owl
catching a fieldmouse.

The boys cheered at the obscene way her cheeks bulged around the impossible
morsel. She slid her tongue out and licked that tender spot between ball-sack
and asshole. The boy grunted as two other boys grabbed Cumbag's head and forced
her nose even deeper into his belly. He laughed at the way she snorted and the
way the breath from her nose tickled his pubic-hair. As her throat began to milk
his cock he gyrated his hips. "That's it bitch... Yeah! Milk that cock you
cumslut-whore!... Lick my ass. Yeah, like that, cunt... Yeah! yeah! Oh, yes.
TAKE IT YOU CUNT! TAKE ANOTHER JIZZ-INJECTION!... FUCKING SLUT! OOHHH " he
shouted as his balls emptied down her throat. Cumbag coughed and cum ejected
from her mouth and out of her nose, spilling cum all over the boy's cock and
belly. Cumbag franticly began to lap up all the missed cum. It was too good to
waste.

Behind her a new boy took his turn at fist-fucking the slut. His arm went in
easily from all of the previous cunt stretching that the pig has had. Cumbag
moaned and wiggled her ass for the boy. One of the boys said, " Hey. Let's try
something. It's a shame to let one of the bitch's fuck-holes go to waste." With
that, he straddled her ass and shoved his cock up Cumbag's ass while the
fist-fucker fucked her cunt even harder. Finally, the boy's crotch had no trace
of cum.

"OOHH YESS...Ass fuck me! FUCK ME!... Oohhh, that's soo goood.... Fist me and
ass fuck me at the same time. This is what a whore-bitch like me should be
doing.... HARDER!... HARDER!... Please, somebody stick a cock in my mouth. Fuck
all of my slut-holes. FUCK THE SLUT!... FUCK THE SLUT ! FILL UP THE CUMBAG!" she
begged. When Cumbag turned around to suck a new cock what she saw made her cum
again. Five cocks were pointed at her face. The owners were stroking their cocks
while calling all those names that she loved. All those names that she was.

    "CUNT"    "BITCHWHORE"      "PIG-CUNT"     " PUSSY-FACE"    "CUM-JUNKIE"

    "FUCK-DOG"           "SLUT"           "CUMPIG"            "WHORE"


The boy that was fucking her ass dumped his load and was replaced by another boy
determined to fuck her to death. The fist-fucker withdrew his sticky arm to let
another fratbrother have a chance to fist-fuck this sleazy whore's cunt. The
crowd of boys around Cumbag's head grew.  Four boys wrapped her hair around
their cocks as they jerked off in her hair. Cumbag licked the five cockheads
that were in her face. She hoped someone would shove a cock down her throat. The
boy fucking her ass was the first of this group to cum. As his balls emptied
into her ass, the boy fisting her drove his arm even deeper in her cunt. As
Cumbag screamed through another orgasm, one of the guys jacking-off in her hair
started to cum. As his cum soaked her scalp, she thought someone had thrown a
bucket of water into her face. She opened her eyes to see five cocks spraying
cum. Cumbag opened her mouth wide to catch all of the cum she could, but kept
her eyes open. She didn't want to miss a second of that wonderful sight.
Something hot, wet, and sticky clogged her right ear. She turned head toward it
in time to catch the next cum-spurt in her eye. She didn't mind. This was what
she was here for.

As soon as one man came in her face, another replaced him. The cum orgy lasted
for nearly fifteen minutes. In total, 27 boys came in her face, 11 in her hair,
7 in her ears, 8 on her back, and 2 in her ass. It was about the best fifteen
minutes of Cumbag's slut-life. When it was over, the boys crowded around the
slut they had slimed so well. Cum poured off of the cunt's face. The pan under
her chin was nearly full. Giant drops of the thick, gooey slime dropped from her
hair in little plops. Her left ear was completely filled with sperm. It poured
down her cheek when she turned her head. Giant cum-bubbles swelled from her
nostrils with each breath. When she opened her mouth to beg for more cum, a huge
glut cascaded down her chin into the pan.

"MORE! GIVE THE SLUT MORE!... I NEED MORE CUM! PLEASE! ...The Cumbag's not full
yet. I can hold more cum... PLEEAASSEE!!...STICK SOME COCKS IN THE SLUT!!!
...MORE CUM!... MORE CUM!.. MORE CU..." Her whining was cut of by Tom, who
pushed her face into the 9 inch cum and spit solution in the pan. "You want cum?
You get cum! Drink it pig! SUCK THE PAN DRY, YOU FUCKING SLUT!!!  EAT IT ALL,
CUNT!!!" Tom shouted as he held her head under the thick cum. And drink she did!
Occasionally an air bubble would rise, like lava, through the cum. Tom would
jerk her head out by her hair just long enough for the slut to suck in some air.
But it was hard for the bitch to get more air. When her head came out, there was
always a gushing cock pointed at her face. Boys also continued to fuck her ass.
Her cunt was constantly stuffed with someone's hand. In the 45 minutes it took
the slut to finally drink all of the nearly 3 gallons of cum, 17 boys emptied
their nuts in her ass.

"SOOoo GOOood... MMMMMmmm... That's good... FEED THE CUNT! UhMMMm I'm such a
cumbag.... Am I a good cumbag?... Am I a good little slut-cunt?... Cum some more
on the slut." Cumbag mewled as she lapped up cum from the desktop. A plastic
tube was shoved into her mouth, " SUCK IT, BITCH." Someone shouted. She did.
With her first taste of cum, she knew what was happening. The other end was in
her ass! How did these wonderful boys know I LOVE cum from an ass? she wondered
as she sucked the 'cum-straw'. The bitch was able to suck every drop of cum from
her ass in only five minutes. The cum-straw was jerked from her mouth as Tom
spit in her face. " Ready for some more fun, pig?" Tom said as they untied her
arms from the desk and shoved her to the floor.

Tom grabbed her hair and pulled her through the crowd of drunken, horny men.
Cumbag scampered along trying to keep up. As the slut was dragged through the
crowd boys kicked her ass and spit on her. They thought it was hilarious the way
her tits slammed in to each other when they kicked her tits like a soccer ball.
Two beer bottles were shoved in her ass and a liter of tequila went in her cunt.

"KICK THE PIG "         " TAKE THAT, SLUT"        " HERE SLUT, SLUT, SLUT!"

Cumbag was dragged to a small mattress and laid on her back. She looked up at
the crowd of young tormenters and smiled. A shadow crossed her slut-face. The
boys had modified a toilet. A hole was cut in the front and Cumbag's head was
slid in. A rubber seal went around her neck making the toilet watertight again.
The slut's legs were pulled so her ankles were even with her ears and tied in
place. Cumbag looked up from inside the toilet to eight boys clustered around it
pointing their cocks down at her. The cumbag knew what was about to happen and
couldn't wait.

" DO IT! PISS ON THE SLUT! DROWN ME IN PISS!!!... USE ME FOR YOUR TOILET! HURRY!
SHOW ME WHAT KIND OF A WHORE I REALLY AM! ...PLEASE DON'T MAKE ME WAIT!...
HERE...AIM FOR MY MOUTH!!..SEE I'LL HOLD WIDE OPEN!!...PISS IN MY EYES!!!!..I
DON'T FUCKING CARE!!!..PISS ON THE PIG!!! YEAHH... THAT'S WHAT I AM... A PISS
PIG!!!...DO IT!....PLEASE...

They didn't. Her begging was cut of with eight fire-hose stream of piss. The
slut rolled her head from side to side bathing he face in the hot, yellow
streams. The piss stung her eyes as the streams washed cum from her face. She
guzzled mouthfuls of piss as the toilet began to fill. The bottles plugging her
fuck-holes were yanked out. Tom handed out rubbers to the line of boys waiting
to fuck the piss-whore. Then the fucking began. For the next three hours Cumbag
was ass-fucked and cunt-fucked relentlessly. Through the haze, the only time
Cumbag could tell someone had finished fucking her was when a cum-filled rubber
was emptied in her slut-mouth. Other boys just threw the cum-balloons in the
toilet onto Cumbag's face. Cumbag sucked down rubbers as she fought to keep the
piss in the toilet drained enough for her to breathe. It was wonderful!! Cumbag
came constantly with every thing the mob of boys did to her. Suddenly she
realized no one was pissing in her toilet-face. No one was spitting on her. No
one was emptying rubbers on her. No one was jacking-off in her face. No one was
fucking her! She then noticed the sound of snoring. The boys had gone to sleep.
She didn't think she could stand it.

" NO! WAKE UP! COME FUCK THE SLUT SOME MORE! HEY!...HEY!...DON'T LEAVE ME !...
PLEASE WAKE UP!...  FUCK THE PIG!... PISS ON THE CUNT!.....THE TOILET'S NOT
FULL!....WAKE UP!!....WHO WANTS TO FIST-FUCK THE SLUT SOME MORE!...CUM IN MY
FACE!...THE CUMBAG CAN HOLD MORE CUM!...PLEASE!...WAKE UP!... WHO WANTS TO SHIT
ON MY WHORE-FACE!... ANYBODY?...SHIT IN MY WHORE FACE AND HAVE ME SUCK YOUR TURD
LIKE A COCK!...I'LL DO IT!...YOU CAN FIST THE CUMBAG WHILE I EAT  THE
TURD-COCK!!...DON'T LEAVE THE SLUT LIKE THIS!...WAKE UP!....SOMEBODY!...PLEASE
WAKE UP!...PLLEEAASSEE!!!....STICK SOME COCKS IN THE
BITCHCUNT!!!...ANYBODY!...PLEASE!!!...PRETTY PLEASE!...I'LL BE A GOOD SLUT!...I
WILL!...PLEASE FUCK THE SLUT SOME MORE!....Please ..." Cumbag finally drifted
off to sleep in the piss, cum, and rubber filled toilet. There was always
tomorrow.   




The Next Day

Cumbag slept uneasily. Several times her head would fall to the side and she was
awakened by gulping down more of the piss and cum mixture that the slut had
missed before. But soon she had drunk the toilet dry of the wonderful cocktail.
Dreams invaded her sleep. Dreams of cocks, cum, and abuse that caused that
insatiable itching in her swollen, dripping cunt. Itching that she had to suffer
through. Bound as she was, it was impossible to calm the raging lust that
engulfed her wet cunt and every inch of her slut-body.

She began to dream she was in a waterfall surrounded by an army of men
determined to wreck her slutty body in every way. A sharp kick to her cunt
caused the wonderful dream to fade away. She sputtered into the waterfall as her
eyes flickered open. The sight that greeted her fogged mind caused her cunt to
juice even more. She was looking up from the bottom of the toilet to see Tom and
five other frat brothers aiming their pissing cocks to her upturned face.
Another sharp kick to her cunt brought her fully awake. It's about time, she
thought.

" Wake up you stupid cunt-whore! Time to rise and shine for some more fun,
toilet-bitch! Is the piss-slut ready for all of her fun? " Tom shouted as he
pissed on her forehead. Cumbag rolled her head slowly from side to side, bathing
in the six piss streams.

 "YES! The toilet-bitch is ready for ANYTHING!... Do it all!... Ooohhh, I'm such
a pig-cunt!  PISS ON THE SLUT!... OOHHh... USE ME LIKE THE WHORE-SLUT I
AM!!!..YES!.. DO EVERYTHING YOU'VE EVER WANTED TO DO TO A CUNT-BITCH!!...PISS ON
THE TOILET-SLUT!!...EVERYBODY PISS ON THE STUPID CUNT-WHORE!!!...USE THE
CUMBAG-URINAL!!..Oohh                                                                                         
YESSSS!..PISS THE PIG!!..Oohyeeaahh...MORE!..PLEASE!..PISS ON THE SLUT!!!..."
Cumbag whined around the tasty shower. " Take this, you fucking slut!" some boy
she couldn't see, shouted as he rammed his cock up her tight ass. The gangbang
and humiliation began again. Cumbag started to laugh. "Ha, ha, YYEESS! OH GOD,
YES! FUCK THE WHORE! FUCK THE WHORE! Oohh yeess, sooo gooood.... Fuck the pig!
Harder! Harder! Please, fuck me like a bitch-cunt should be fucked!... Oh God!
Ha, ha..I LOVE IT!..Don't stop.Please! DON'T EVER STOP!!!... PISS IN THE SLUT'S
FACE!...Ha, ha,ha,...OOOHHH yeah!...MORE!... FILL UP THE CUMBAG!" cumbag
giggled.

   Suddenly a shadow crossed her face. She opened her eyes and found herself
looking at someone's asshole. She thrust her head up as far as it could go. It
was enough. She speared the unknown asshole with her tongue. The boy sitting on
the toilet grunted. " Damn, Tom! You are one gross motherfucker, I LIKE IT!"
cumbag heard a boy say. Her eyes were transfixed in the darkness as the boy's
asshole began to open. Yummy!! Breakfast!! Cumbag thought as the long, hard turd
slowly appeared. She opened her mouth as the hard turd slipped between her lips.
The cumbag moved her mouth up and down, sucking the long hard turd like a cock.
Tom stood up. Cumbag looked up at the 12 leering faces that looked down into the
toilet. The boys began to laugh hysterically at the sight as they patted Tom on
the back. Cumbag smiled around the turd and looked up at the boys. With 8 inches
of Tom's turd sticking out of her mouth, she slurped on the log knowing she
looked liked a disgusting pig. She loved to show the boys how nasty she was. She
wanted the boys to know how to treat her.

  " That's the way to treat a fuck-pig".... " Cumbag knows what it's good for
now, huh?"... What a SLUT!" the boys said as they laughed. Cumbag would have
agreed, but it would be rude to speak with her mouth full. " Ooohh SHIT! TAKE IT
YOU FILTHY SLUT!" the boy ass-fucking her screamed as he came. When he pulled
his cock out of her sucking asshole another boy leaned over her tied legs. "
This will warm up the pig-slut" the boy giggled as he shoved his hand into her
cunt, half way to his elbow. Cumbag gasped at the sudden intrusion, which caused
the turd to break and fall between her eyes. As the slut wiggled her hips for
the amusement of the fist-fucker, Tom reached into the toilet as Cumbag
swallowed shit.

    "MORE!...GIVE THE PIG MORE! I CAN TAKE IT ALL! ...THE SLUT LOVES IT ALL! DO
MORE TO ME!... DON'T STOP! DON'T EVER STOP! ...FIST MY SLUT-CUNT HARD! ...CUM ON
ME! PISS ON ME! SHIT ON ME!... FEED THE PIG YOUR TURDS!!.. DO IT ALL!PLEA...".
Cumbag's begging was cutoff by Tom as her reached in with his hand covered in
toilet paper and picked the fallen turd from the babbling cunt's forehead . He
laughed as he brought it to her mouth. "Yyeess, feed the pig...Sooo Gooodd!...
Show me what kind of slut I really am!...Feed the cuntbitch...MMmmm" Cumbag
mumbled as Tom fed her the rest of his turd. The boys applauded when Tom stuffed
the shit covered tissue in the slut's mouth. Cumbag eagerly ate it.

  The boy who had just fucked her ass reached around Tom and emptied his
cum-filled rubber on her eyebrows. The new slut-decoration was quickly washed
away by a new group of pissing cocks. Everything began to run together for the
willing cunt. Boys fucked her ass and cunt.  Cocks pissed in her mouth and face.
Other cocks stripped her with their silvery gift. Cum filled rubbers were
emptied onto her head. Some rubbers were stuffed up her nose. Cocks fucked her
cunt and asshole. Cocks were replaced with fists.

   " HARDER!...FIST MY FUCK-HOLES HARDER!...PLEASE!...FIST-FUCK MY WHORE'S ASS
AND CUNT !...I CAN TAKE IT!!!...FEED THE SLUT MORE
RUBBERS!..SOMEBODY!!..ANYBODY!!...PISS IN THE SLUT'S MOUTH!..PISS ON ME WHILE
THEY FIST THE FUCKING BITCH!!!...PLEASE!..." Cumbag begged before five laughing,
drunk, boys began to piss in her face.  Each of the fist-fuckers tried to
fist-fuck her harder than the one before. Cumbag was in heaven. Cumbag cried out
for more abuse whenever her mouth was free of cum, piss, or rubbers. The cunt
didn't know how long the gangbang lasted, but Cumbag knew it wasn't long enough.

   Cumbag awoke when the boys started hosing her off. They had taken her into
the backyard and suspended the bitch from a tree limb. Cumbag was hung by her
thumbs and could reach the ground with only the tips of her toes. She shook her
head trying to remember how she came to be surrounded by the army of hard-cocked
boys. She dismissed the thought. Sluts aren't supposed to think. Cumbag knew
that! It didn't matter how many cocks were waiting to fuck her slut-holes. She
was just glad there were so many boys willing to fuck a worthless pig like her.
She looked around and saw no other cunt. 'GOOD! All of these cocks are for me. I
hate to share cum!' Cumbag thought. She thumbs ached but the slut didn't care.
Thumbs were only important when a boy wanted her to jerk his cock off in her
face. Her tits, her mouth, her ass, and her cunt were important. Not her thumbs.

   A boy name Ray slapped her face. " Wake up you stupid pig-whore-slut! You
fucking CUNT! Do you think we just want to wait around while a cumbag like you
just sleeps! It's time to clean your slut-ass up, you dumb cunt!" he spat in her
face. " I'm sorry! Please!... The cumbag is sorry for keeping her wonderful men
waiting on her slut-ass to wake up. ...Please! SLAP THE BITCH AGAIN!... TEACH
THE WHORE NOT TO KEEP COCKS WAITING!...HIT ME HARD!..TEACH MY STUPID SLUT ASS A
LESSON!!!... SLAP THE CUNT! THEN FUCK THE WHORE SOME MORE!!" Cumbag screamed.
Ray continued to slap the hanging whore while a boy stuck a water hose in her
ass. Another boy stuck a hose in her cunt. Cumbag screamed when the boys turned
the hoses on full blast, cleaning out her bottom fuck-holes. Cumbag's screaming
was cut off by 2 other boys with hoses as they washed every trace of cum, piss,
shit and spit from her slut-body.

   " Please. I'm clean enough. THE CUMBAG'S CLEAN! FUCK THE CUMBAG!...PLEASE!
FUCK THE CUMBAG!...Cumbag's ready to be filled up again!..PLEASE!..DO THE
BITCH!!!..." Cumbag cried as the boys dropped their hoses and the hoses were
yanked from her fuck-holes. She looked around at the crowd of hard cocked boys
stroking their cocks. " Pplleeaasse!....FUCK THE SLUT!...SUCH PRETTY, PRETTY
COCKS!...STICK THEM IN THE SLUT!!...PLEASE.... I'LL BE A GOOD WHORE!...I
PROMISE!..I'LL BE A GOOD SLUT!..PPLLEEAASSEE!....JUST STICK A FEW MORE COCKS IN
THE PIG!!!...I'M CLEANED OUT NOW!...FILL UP THE CUMBAG AGAIN!! ...PLLEEAASE!..
I'M A GOOOOOD SLUT-BITCH!!...I CAN HOLD A LOT OF CUM!...PLEASE!..DON'T TEASE THE
WHORE!...FUCK IT!...FUCK IT!..PLEEAASSEE...FUCK IT SOME
MORE!!!..Oohhh...yes..oh...please...fuck it more..it needs more..mmmmmnnnn....oh
yeesss...

Am I being a good little fuck-toy for everyone?...Am I?...pleeaassee.....Don't
be mean to the pig...can't you see how bad the slut needs fucked?...
plleeaaassse" cumbag began to sob afraid the boys were finished fucking her.

   Tom and Ray loosened the clips holding the cunt's thumbs and lowered the
whining slut to the ground. Cumbag smashed her slut-face into Ray's crotch,
licking the fly of his jeans. " Fuck my mouth-cunt!..Please..Make the slut suck
you cock...I'm a good cocksucker..fuck the bitch's mouth...you know my mouth is
just another cunt...use it like one...Fuck my throat...clog me with cum...then
piss down my slut-throat so I can take more cum...PLEASE! ...SHOVE YOUR COCK
DOWN MY SLUT-THROAT "begged Cumbag. While the whore begged to be throat-fucked,
Todd and a couple other boys secured ropes around Cumbag's ankles. As Cumbag
slobbered on Ray's jeans, they raised the pig's legs about three feet from the
ground. Other boys pulled Cumbag's hands away from the firm grip she had on
Ray's ass and tied ropes to her wrists. Finally it came to the frantic slut as
the boys lifted her from the ground " Oohh GOOOOOD!!!!..YOU DO WANT TO FUCK THE
SLUT SOME MORE!!!..I was afraid you guys didn't want to use the cum-dump
anymore...HURRY...STICK SOME COCKS IN THE PIG!!..DON'T WAIT...SHOVE SOME COCKS
IN IT!.. YEAH!..NOW!..."

   Cumbag's arms were stretched tight, straight out from her body. So were her
legs. As she floated about three feet above the ground Todd admired his
handiwork as he stepped up between the slut's out-stretched legs. " Just the
right fuck height for her bottom fuck-holes!...Ray..Check the top fuck-hole...Is
it about the right height? " Todd asked as he shoved his big, hard cock into the
slut's wet cunt. " Yeah Todd.. It's about right." Ray said as he jerked Cumbag's
head up by her hair and began to fuck her mouth-cunt. " But..Hey.. Todd.. We
need to do something about holding the bitch's head up...You know...make it an
easier target ... make it easier to throat- fuck the cunt..." Ray answered as he
fucked her mouth. Cumbag wriggled her ass against Todd's fucking thighs as she
licked and slurped on Ray's delicious cock.

   Jason, an engineering major, had an idea. Her ran to his room and quickly
returned with a jock strap. Ray tried to pull his cock from the whore's mouth,
but she didn't want to let it go. He finally had to slap her slut-face several
times to get the cunt to stop sucking. Even then, she continued to lunge
forward, sticking her tongue out, trying to reach Ray's cock. Finally Jason was
able to slip the jock strap on the crazed cunt's face so the straps went around
her forehead, framing her top-cunt with the other two straps of the jock. Ropes
then went from her ankles to the jock strap, holding her head straight up. "
Oohh yeeaahh..that's a good little slut...Hey Todd!.. look...this is perfect!.."
Ray said as he went back to fucking the slut's mouth-cunt.

   "MMMppphhh, ooohhh...that's sooo goood....mmm...." cumbag slurped on Ray's
cock. Todd screamed as he shot his load in cumbag's cunt. " Youuu Fucking
SSSSluttt" he yelled as her cunt milked his cock as if the bitch had a hand in
her cunt. At the same time Ray grabbed her ears and forced his cock all the way
down her cum-tunnel throat. "Uuuggg..slut...slut...slut.." Ray gasped as he
dumped his load. The whole crowd of boys waiting their turn at the whore took up
the chant. Cumbag lovingly licked up every trace of cum from his cock she could
find as her ears focused on the chant of the boys. " SLUT... SLUT...
SLUT...SLUT..." 'How sweet of her wonderful lovers', she thought. She tried to
catch the cum dripping off her chin with her tongue,but missed some as it
stretched to the ground like a rubberband. She felt Todd's cum run down the
inside of her thigh and cried out at the loss of their wonderful jizz. "
PLLEEAASSEE!!... DON'T  LET THE CUM WASTE....PLEASE... FEED IT TO THE
PIG!!!..THE CUNT WILL BE GLAD TO LICK IT OFF THE GROUND.... BUT I"LL MISS
SOME...PLEASE...CUMBAG WANTS ALL THE CUM!..." the slut begged before a fat black
boy stuck his ass in her face. Cumbag forgot about the wasting cum as she began
to lap at the boy's musky ass-crack.

   One of the boys had an idea, ran into the frathouse and returned with pieces
of rain guttering and one of the empty beer kegs from the night before. The boy,
Mike, whispered to Todd what he had in mind. Todd grabbed cumbag by her hair
pulling her shit-coated tongue out of the boy's ass and spat in her face. "
Don't worry, you fucking pig-whore. We don't you to miss any cum either, slut.
Mike here has an idea to keep the waste to a minimal.. Aren't these engineering
students great, you fucking slut?" Todd asked as he shoved her mouth over the
fat boy's cock. All Cumbag could do was mumble as the black boy began to fuck
her mouth-cunt. Mike and a couple of other boys began to construct the
'cum-gutter' as they called it. The boys laughed as they lay the gutter on
blocks with it running from below her head to the keg and from her thighs to the
keg.

  " YEAH MAN, THIS WILL FEED THE PIG!"
  " THE BITCH WILL GET ENOUGH TO EAT NOW!"
  "LET'S FUCK THIS CUNT UP "
  "BITCH 'LL LOVE THIS!"

The black boy grunted and forced his cock as far down Cumbag's throat as he
could. " HAVE SOME NIGGA' JIZZ YO WHITE SLUT WHORE" he screamed as he squirted
jet after jet of thick, lumpy cum straight down Cumbag's throat. Cumbag
whimpered and wished he would pull his cock back just a couple of inches so she
could taste his cum. Instead she just wiggled her head from side-to-side,
delighted by the way the jets of cum tickled her throat. Cumbag coughed, sending
two huge cum streams out of her nose, staining the boy's pubic hair. " YOU
FUCKIN' WHITE TRASH! WHATSA A MATTER WITH YOU? STUPID, STUPID SLUT!" he screamed
as he pounded the side of Cumbag's head. Cumbag didn't mind. She knew she was
wrong to mess up the boy. She is supposed to be covered in cum. Not the sweet
boys who used her for the cumdump she is. Cumbag did the only thing she could.
She inhaled, sucking as much of the cum as possible back into the
cum-receptacle. The boy had almost knocked her unconscious by the time he
finished dumping his load and she had sucked in all the cock-snot she could. He
was still cursing the bitch as he stepped away and another cock speared Cumbag's
cock-hole mouth.

A bench had been put at the slut's ass so she could be ass-fucked and
cunt-fucked. There was no reason to let a fuckhole go unused. After all, there
were over a hundred cocks and only three fuckholes.

Cumbag's face was covered in cocks. The slut tried to suck and nibble on each
cock the way she new the owners wanted but no cock stayed in her mouth that
long. The boys seemed to get as much pleasure from jerking her head from one
cock to the next as they did fucking her mouth. Boys did continue to spit in her
face and slap her with their big, meaty cocks. Cumbag kept her mouth open and
tongue wagging, making a messy, and inviting target.

Cocks erupted from all directions. The boys laughed as the cunt jerked her head,
mouth wide open, from side-to-side trying to catch every salty drop. A blizzard
of thick, lumpy cum splattered the gasping slut from every direction. Wads of
jizz dribbled from her eyebrows, down to her cheeks. Thick streams of cum
slithered of her chin to the 'cum-gutter'. Ropes of cum dangled from her ears to
her out-stretched shoulders to the cum-catcher. The flow of cum in the
cum-gutter thickened as more and more of the wild crowd of horny boys splattered
the willing whore with wad after wad of hot, white cum. The river of jizz slowly
rolled down the gutter to the keg, clogging the top at times. When a boy would
notice the keg clogging someone would piss into the opening to clear it,
allowing more of Cumbag's food to be collected.

Cumbag's entire head was soaked in cum from the torrent. Cum poured from her
nostrils. Cum dripped from her hair. But her face and mouth were beyond
description. Cumbag's slut-face was ghostly looking from the thick sheen of
drying cum. Her wide open mouth yielded a river of cum that poured from her
mouth to the 'cum-gutter'. She tried to beg for more but every move of her cum
coated tongue caused more sperm to cascade from her mouth.

Her bottom fuck-holes fared no better. As soon as a cock erupted in her cunt or
ass it would be replaced even before the cum could run out. Soon, her cunt and
ass were so full of cum they weren't worth fucking. Drunken boys laughed at the
stream of cum running from her cunt and ass into the gutter. Still, Cumbag
wiggled her young ass hoping someone would stick a cock in it. Instead boys
pulled off their belts and began to whip the young cunt.

" C'mon guys!...Let's tear this whores ass up. Let's teach this pig a lesson for
not keeping it's fuck-holes clear enough to fuck" a boy yelled as he encouraged
his frat brothers to add their belts to his. Soon Cumbag was unconscious, but
boys kept cumming in her mouth, her face, on her head and every where else they
could point a spurting cock. Soon the keg could hold no more cum. The boys
wondered if Cumbag could.

" Man, you're one twisted mother-fucker, Tom" a boy laughed as he helped
position the unconscious Cumbag. " Well, shit man! We're fucked out and we got
to keep Steve's bitch fucked or we may not get to use it again. Besides, this
fucking pig-slut will love it...You know it will!" Tom answered. They laid
Cumbag on a bench with her ass hanging off the bottom. The slut's legs were tied
open. Above her head on blocks was the keg with the spout in it. When the van
pulled up the crowd of boys erupted in laughter. " Man, this is TOO WILD!!" a
boy crowed.

The driver of the van came around back to help the others with the cargo. " OK
,Tom. Someone's got to help me keep them rounded up. I don't want to lose my job
over some piece of  shit whore,ya know." Tom told the driver not to worry as
they opened the doors of the van.

Cumbag was dreaming. Dreaming of cocks, and cum, and piss and pain when the
sound of helicopters crept through her fogged mind. Cumbag groaned and began to
fuck back when the fucking resumed. She opened he eyes slowly but the sound
remained. Something thick, wet, and hot fell across her lips. She didn't know if
it was a cock or a turd or what. She didn't care. She just opened her mouth for
it and slurped it in and began to suck. It was jerked from her lips as her eyes
focused. She now knew what that sound was. It wasn't a helicopter. It was
panting. She giggled as the Doberman sucked his tongue back into his mouth and
fucked her harder.

" Ooohh Yeeaahh!...Good boy!...That's it...fuck your bitch...fuck this little
dog-whore....uummm...yum...Cumbag LOVES to be used as a dog-slut....fuck the
bitch...yeah...fuck the bitch...good boy.. that's it...like that...ooohhh
harder....uummnn...oh god... this is so fucking goooood....fuck  the
bitch...ooohh ...I wish I could have puppies!....cum in your fuck-bitch's
whore-cunt...yeah...faster...harder...yeah..." Cumbag whined until her mouth
filled with the thick, salty syrup. Cum-syrup! A boy had pumped-up the keg and
opened the spout sending a continuous stream of collected cum down the cunt's
throat. Cumbag gulped down the thick seed like it was the best thing it had ever
tasted. In fact, it was.

The Doberman growled as he came in her cunt. The big knot of his cock came out
with a loud plop, followed by a stream of thin dog-cum. " Shit, man! I forgot!"
Billy said as he stuck the pan on the ground under her ass to catch the
dog-jizz. "OK, I need volunteers to keep up with the dogs. We'll do it in
shifts" Tom said to the crowd as several hands went up. " Remember, Billy has to
get these dogs back to the pound before 11 am. Don't forget. The rest of you
guys get some rest and think up some more we can do to the bitch tomorrow ".

Most of the boys went to bed, but about 10 of them stayed to watch cumbag be
gangbanged by the dogs. Some of the boys made sure the keg was pumped, keeping
the stream of cum running into her mouth. Occasionally, a boy would jerk off
into her face or piss in her mouth as the dogs fucked Cumbag. "Ooohh yeah...piss
on the doggy-whore...twist my slut-tits...who wants to shit on a slut's face
while a dog fucks it?...goood doggy... fuck your whore-bitch..." Cumbag mewled.
One of the boys picked up a dog turd from the ground a stuffed it in Cumbag's
cum-filled mouth. Cumbag swallowed it and opened her mouth wide for more. " DO
IT!...FEED THE DOG-SLUT MORE DOG SHIT!...MAKE THE DOGS SHIT IN MY MOUTH...GET
THE DOGS TO PISS IN MY FACE!...." Cumbag wailed.

Tom laughed as he headed for the frathouse. He looked back to see Cumbag
wiggling her ass for the Boxer as he crammed his cock in her fucked-out asshole.
He saw Billy laughing as he stuck a Labrador's ass in Cumbag's face. The boys
applauded as the dog began to shit and Cumbag leaned up and began to suck the
dog-turd. Cumbag had lost her fight to drink all of the cum from the keg. Two
streams of cum ran down her cheeks to the grass. No worry, he thought. 'I'll
just have the cunt lick it up in the morning'. He hoped the dogs didn't start to
bark. He didn't want any trouble with his neighbors. 25 dogs could make a hell
of a lot of noise. As he walked through the door he looked back to see a boy
leading a German Shepherd over to the outstretched cunt. Cumbag coughed sending
a thick waterspout of cum and dog-shit straight up which fell right down,
splattering her face. He could almost hear her begging for more.




The Last day

Tom came out in the morning to find most of the fraternity brothers already
playing with the Cumbag. Laughter and yelling greeted him as he walked to the
crowd of boys around Cumbag. As he pushed through the crowd he began to laugh
too.

Cumbag was a mess! Her face was coated in a thick sheen of dried cum, human and
dog. The hard, crusty coating made her look as if she was wearing a clear
Halloween mask. Her hair was plastered to her head and sticky with cum. Little
drops of cum dripped from the bench below her head onto the ground, making a
muddy puddle of cum under the bench. A Dalmatian was spurting cum in the slut's
ass as Billy and two other boys held three dogs around the unconscious slut's
head.

Cumbag was still bound to the bench as the Dalmatian's cock was locked in her
ass. The dog was softly growling as he dumped his cum up the bitch's ass to
mingle with all of the other dogs cum.

Someone had wrapped duct tape around the bench and Cumbag's chin holding her
mouth open. To further insure Cumbag's mouth would stay open, dog shit had been
forced up her nose, clogging her nostrils so she could only breathe through her
mouth. A toilet seat ring framed her face. The words 'DOG-SLUT', 'DOG TOILET',
'CUM TARGET', written around the ring made Cumbag's purpose clear.

The Dalmatian yanked his cock from Cumbag's ass causing a soft moan from Cumbag.
Cum poured from ass, down her slick thighs to the pan below. Cumbag softly
grunted as a large mongrel dog was led to fuck the dog-slut. He rammed his cock
in her ass. The dog plowed her so fast he couldn't control where his cock was
going. He would fuck her ass a few strokes and then his cock would pull out and
he'd fuck her cunt a few strokes. Then his cock would plop out only to go up her
ass. The boys let him fuck his bitch the way he wanted. They didn't care. From
the way Cumbag thrashed around, grunting and moaning, neither did she.

" Hey guys. What'cha doing to the little pigwhore now?" Tom asked. Billy looked
up at the club president giggling. "Hey Tom. We're just waking the lazy cunt up.
She went out a couple of hours ago. We let the bitch sleep but still let the
dog's fuck her though. Look how much cum they shot into the slut last night."
Billy said pointing to the overflowing pan of dog cum below the Cumbag's ass.

"Damn! Those dogs' balls were full, huh. It's not every night those dogs from
the pound get to gang-fuck a little cumslut like this bitch. Cool earrings! How
fitting they are for a sewer-slut like her. Was that your idea, Billy" Tom
asked. "Oh yeah! I knew you'd like THAT!" Billy laughed. He had taken two hard
dog-turds speared them with Christmas ball hooks and hung them from her ears.

A new fraternity pledge named Stahl shouted " LOOK OUT...THERE THEY GO...oh yeah
bitch....RISE AND SHINE...TAKE IT CUNT" The dog he was holding began to piss
into Cumbag's mouth. Cumbag choked and sputtered around the thick stream of dog
piss. The other two dogs began to piss in her face.

As the three streams of dog piss flooded her mouth and face Cumbag came to. With
her nose clogged with dog shit she couldn't breathe. She did the only thing she
could do. Swallow.

As she began to drink her morning 'coffee', she looked up at the hairy bellies
of the three dogs and their red cocks as they peeked out of their hairy sheaths.
She wished she had a picture of that. She thought that the dogs looked SO CUTE
as they pissed in her face.

Cumbag guzzled down dog piss as fast as she could. As she started to cum, she
coughed spewing the dog shit from her nostrils like two little brown stinky
missiles. With her nose free she had no trouble drinking the three streams of
acrid dog piss.

The dogs ran out of piss too soon for the little bitch. "NOOOooo!...GIVE ME
MORE!...MAKE MORE DOGS PISS ON THE CUNT!...THE SLUT LOVES HOT DOGGIE PISS!".
Cumbag stopped begging when Billy brought a Rottwieller to the cunt's face.
Cumbag smiled as she stared at the dog's hairy cock sheath just inches from her
head.

"Nice doggy...Are you going to piss in my doggy-toilet face?...Good boy...Piss
on the cunt...Make me your piss-bitch", Cumbag asked the dog in a little girl
voice. But Billy had other plans. So did the dog.

Cumbag barely had time to open her mouth as the Rottwieller thrust forward,
fucking his huge, dripping red cock down Cumbag's throat.
"MMMmmnn...umph...mmmph" Cumbag moaned around the tasty dog cock. The dog
couldn't wait as he hammer-fucked his new bitch's mouth. The first jet of cum
caught Cumbag by surprise. Cumbag snorted as dog cum dripped from her nose. She
quickly recovered and slurped down the dog jizz like mother's milk.

The poor mongrel plowing her cunt and ass didn't know where to cum as his huge,
speckled cock plopped from her cunt, shooting thin, pissy dog cum all over the
slut's torso. Boys hurried to get out of the way. Cumbag is supposed to be
covered in cum, not the boys. The boys in the back of the crowd started laughing
at the scampering boys in front.

" WE WOULDN'T TAKE THAT"
" TEACH THAT CUNT A LESSON FOR NOT KEEPING THAT DOG COCK IN HER WHERE IT
BELONGS!"
" I'D MAKE THE SLUT PAY IF SHE GOT ME SPRAYED WITH DOG CUM"
" WASTEFULL PIG!"
"CUNT"

The crowd shouted. They laughed at the way Cumbag snorted around the cock
cumming in her throat.

Cumbag nursed on the dog's cock until he growled and Billy had to kick cumbag in
the head before she would release the dog-cock from her mouth. "MMMmmm...dog cum
is SSOOOoo GOOD...Bring the cumbag some more...Please." she said smacking he
lips and running her tongue around her lips scooping up the dog cum that had
escaped from her mouth. Cumbag made little cooing sounds as she swallowed all of
the delicious cum she could lick into her mouth where cum belonged.

" OK guys. That's all. I've got to get these dogs back to the pound before I
lose my job. The pound manager will leave about 3:00 this afternoon if you want
to bring the cunt out there for a while. We have more than dogs, you know!"
Billy said with a wink as he opened the van door to put the dogs in.

" Please don't take the dogs away...let them fuck me some more...I'm a good
bitch...Isn't the cumbag a good bitch?...Cumbag wants some more doggie- cock"
cumbag mumbled until a boy started pissing in her face. Cumbag stopped begging
and started drinking piss.

As Billy drove away, Tom turned to the boys." If anyone wants to piss or shit on
the slut, do it now. Then clean it up. That pig is one disgusting cunt! And
don't forget to get it to drink that pan of dog cum, OK? Bring it inside when
you're done...Oh yeah...Make sure it cleans up the yard. We have a volleyball
game tomorrow. No one wants to step in any cum or shit, right?" Tom said as he
headed back to the frathouse.

As Tom entered the frathouse he looked back at the circle of boys pissing on the
slut and thought 'Steve's pig is making sure I win the next election for
fraternity president'.

Cumbag wagged her tongue as the boys pissed in her mouth. Her belly was already
bloated from all the dog-cum and dog-piss that she had drank but she still
guzzled the hot, stinking piss from the boys. Cumbag looked as if she was dying
of thirst, the way she drank all the piss she could.

During the piss shower there were always at least 6 boys circling Cumbag's head,
spraying her face with hot piss. Sometimes more than a dozen cocks pissed down
on the writhing whore. Cumbag wanted to thank the boys for using her for a
urinal again. But that was impossible. There was no way to talk with 4 or 5 or
more piss streams in her mouth.

Cumbag's mouth was the target of choice for the boys to piss in. But some did
like to piss in her eyes. The well-trained little toilet-slut almost never
closed her eyes. She loved to see the streams of piss coming toward her. The
stinging piss always made her cunt juice even more. A few of the boys liked to
piss up her nose. They thought it was funny the way Cumbag would shudder when
she inhaled piss and would cough, sending a geyser of piss straight up from her
mouth. Cumbag even managed to catch most of the piss-geyser when it splashed
back down onto her face.

The gang-piss lasted about 20 minutes. Cumbag thought it was wonderful! After
everyone that wanted to, pissed on the slut, a boy squatted over the pig. Cumbag
stuck her tongue out as he lowered his ass onto her tongue. As soon as his ass
was with reach, Cumbag licked it. When the boy farted, Cumbag knew what was
about to happen.

"OH YEAH!!!...FEED THE LITTLE SHIT-PIG!...FEED THE BITCH!...MAKE ME YOUR
TOIL...." Cumbag stopped talking when his asshole opened. The long hard turd
came out slowly as she wrapped her mouth around it. Cumbag sucked the hot turd
softly, as if it were a cock. Two boys grabbed the bench and bounced it up and
down, forcing the turd-cock in and out of her mouth. The boy finished his shit
in her mouth. When he stood the turd stuck straight up from her mouth for a
minute or two. Cumbag slowly sucked the turd down her throat, being careful to
keep the turd balanced. Cumbag's eyes were crossed as she concentrated on her
task. Some boys tried to distract her from her balancing act by spitting in her
eyes.

The degenerate slut ate shit for the amusement of her tormenters. Cumbag smiled
around the turd and moaned as the boys kicked her cunt and ass. She came with
each kick.

The crowd shouted every vile comment they could think of as one boy's foot
became stuck in her cunt and he had to have help pulling his boot out. She LOVED
IT!

   "SHIT EATING PIG!"
   "SUCK THAT TURD, BITCH"  

    "FUCKING DOG-TOILET "
    "SHIT SUCKING CUNT-WHORE "

"TURDS! THE BREAKFAST OF GUTTER-SLUTS" 

The turd finally fell across her face. As Cumbag sucked in what she could, 6 or
7 boys began pissing in her face again, washing the shit away.

"SSOO GOOOOD!...I LOVE TURDS WITH MY PISS!...WHO WANTS TO SHIT IN MY
TOILET-MOUTH NEXT?...COME ON!...DOESN'T SOMEBODY NEED TO TAKE A DUMP?...DON'T BE
SHY!...SHIT IN MY FACE!...ISN'T IT FUN TO MAKE A CUNT SUCK TURDS?...COME ON!
GIVE IT A TRY!...I BET YOU'LL LIKE SHITTING ON A PIG-SLUT!...USE THE TOILET!"
Cumbag tried to get someone else to shit on her but couldn't. Too bad, she
thought.

The new pledge, Sam slowly brought the pan full of dog cum to Cumbag's head. Sam
moved slowly, being careful not to spill a drop of dog cum. Cumbag smiled up at
him, grateful for his consideration.

"OOOhh...What did you bring the slut?...Did you bring the pig some yummy
dog-jizz?...You're so sweet!...I LOVE dog-cum!...Make me do something REALLY
nasty...Well...Don't keep the whore waiting!...Come on...Feed your
slut-bitch...Please don't tease the cunt...I ALWAYS have room for cum...Make
this cunt drink every drop of cum...oohh...You 're such a nice boy...MMMm"
Cumbag curled her tongue as he started pouring the dog- cum in her mouth. His
aim was perfect. He poured it straight down her throat.

Cumbag kept her tongue curled in case the steady stream of doggy jizz shifted.
She wished she could taste the wonderful cum, but it didn't matter what a
cunt-slut wanted. It never did.

"Drink down that dog-cum you fucking whore-slut. That's it. Just like a little
piggy" Sam chuckled as the stream of cum went straight down her throat.

Cumbag's throat bobbed up and down as the slut guzzled the dog-jizz. It took the
cunt almost five minutes to drink the gallon or so of dog jizz. "Uuhhmm...That
was soo goood!...mmmm...yummy...dog-jizz is so yummy...mmmm...is there any
more?...may the cumbag have some more, please?...pretty please?...mmmm" cumbag
begged while licking and smacking her lips. Sam helped the slut out by scraping
the inside of the pan with his finger. Cumbag moaned when he would stick his
dog-cum-coated finger in the cunt's mouth. Cumbag slurped on his finger like a
little cock. When he pulled his finger out to scoop up more dog-cum, cumbag
would hold her mouth open with her tongue extended. As she waited for the next
tasty morsel she looked like a bird waiting to be fed by its mother. For some
reason, it made cumbag remember how her mother would stand over her and cumbag
would feed on fresh cum from her mother's cunt. Soon the pan was completely
empty. "That's all, piggy. Except for this." Sam said as he leaned over and spit
in her mouth. "Uuhhmm...Thank you...May I have some more spit?" Cumbag asked.

The boy called 'Spidey' cut the tape holding Cumbag's head to the bench. Spidey
grabbed Cumbag's hair, jerked her face up and looked in her eyes. Cumbag looked
back at him lovingly, smiled and said  "Yeah...Use this fucking whore...I'm just
a cunt...I'm a fuck-toy"

"OK, you stupid fuck-cunt. Clean up this fucking mess you made, you piece of
shit whore! If you clean it up good we might fuck you some more after we clean
your nasty ass up. YOU FUCKING PIG-WHORE CUNT!" Spidey shouted. He spit as
Cumbag opened her mouth for it.

" Thank you, sir. The cumbag will clean up her mess real good, sir. Cumbag is
sorry for being such a messy little whore. Thank you for giving me the chance to
get more cocks. I want to be a good little fuck-cunt for you." Cumbag said. "
GOOD, CUNT. You might be a stupid cunt, but at least you know what you're good
for" Spidey chuckled as he shoved her face into the puddle of muddy cum that
Cumbag had missed from the keg.

Boys pulled off their belts as they started to whip the slut as she slurped up
cum from the mud.

'THAT'S IT PIG"  (WHACK)    " TEACH YOU TO GET ME SPRAYED WITH DOG CUM, CUNT"
(WHACK...WHACK)      "GET ALL THAT CUM, SLUT" (WHACK...WHACK)

Cumbag wiggled her ass for the boys as they beat her. Her tongue licked up the
mud. It was wonderful! The gritty mud had the flavor of cum. Cumbag thought it
was one of the coolest things anyone had done to her in a long time. She had
sucked cum up from a lot of floors, and carpets, and urinals, and car hoods and
such. This was the first time she could remember sucking up 'cum-mud' She
thought 'I hope I remember to tell Steve about this'.

Spidey waved at the boys, stopping the whipping of the slut's ass. Cumbag didn't
know why they had stopped and wiggled her ass as an enticement. When no one took
her silent offer to whip her ass, Cumbag pulled her face from the mud.

" Don't stop...whip the cunt's slut-ass...a stupid pig-slut like me NEEDS her
ass whipped for making such a mess of your yard....stripe the pig's ass... don't
hold back... whip my cun....", cumbag's begging was cut off when Spidey shoved
his hand deep into cumbag's wet cunt.

"Oohh Yeaahh!!!!...THAT'S IT!...THAT'S THE WAY TO TREAT A SLUT! ...HARDER!
HARDER!...FIST MY WHORE'S CUNT " Cumbag wailed. A boy grabbed Cumbag's hair and
started dragging her across the yard with Spidey's hand and forearm buried in
her dripping cunt. The boy stopped in front a pile of dog shit. Cumbag knew what
was going to happen next as she wiggled her ass for Spidey. Cumbag looked up at
the boy holding her hair and grinned.

"DO IT...SHOW ME HOW A DOG WHORE IS TREATED... PLEEAASSE... OH... PLEEAASSE...DO
IT..." Cumbag was silenced when the boy smashed her face into the pile of dog
shit.

Cumbag sucked the dog shit into her mouth as the boy rolled her face into the
pile. Spidey kept fist-fucking the bitch as she ate dog shit. Cumbag began to
cum. She raised her head from the pile and screamed, spewing the dog turds.

Spidey yanked his fist from her cunt. He then shoved his other hand in her cunt.
Spidey then shoved his cunt-juiced hand up cumbag's ass. Cumbag raised her face
from the dog shit she was eating as she came.

" OOOOooohhhh......yeeesss.....Fist the bitch hard...YES!...YYEESS...Fist my
slut ass!...Tear up this whore" Cumbag screamed before she slammed her face back
into the pile and began to feed.

The boy holding her hair drug her across the yard from one pile of shit to the
next Spidey struggled to keep up. He finally began to tire as he yanked his fist
from Cumbag's ass.

"NNOOO!....PUT IT BACK...PLLEEAASSE!!! PUT IT BACK...FUCK THE SLUT'S
ASS!!...NNNOOO.... PLLEEAASE...Fuck the slut some more...PLEASE!" Cumbag began
to sob as she was dragged back to the tree for another hosing down.

After the boys had cleaned up the cumbag, they tied ropes to each of her tits.
The boys laughed as they drug her into the house with the ropes. Some of the
boys joked they would make her tits even bigger that way. Cumbag slid across the
grass as other boys took turns kicking her in the cunt.

"YES!..THAT"S IT!..PULL MY FUCK-MEAT TITS!!....OOOhhh ...SOOooo gooood...KICK MY
WHORE'S CUNT!...YEAH...LIKE THAT...OOOHHH ..THAT WAS A GREAT KICK!!...DO IT
AGAIN! PLEASE...AGAIN...SOMEBODY SPIT ON THE TRASH!" Cumbag begged as the boys
did what she wanted.  Her head banged against the steps as they drug her up
them. Cumbag started to see stars. She was afraid they'd knock her unconscious.
She didn't want that. She didn't want to miss anything these wonderful boys did
to her.

When Cumbag finally made it into the house they kept the ropes around her tits.
Two other ropes were tied to her legs. The boys the suspended the babbling slut
by her tits and legs, face up, about 3 feet above the floor. Cumbag looked
around at the room of boys, smiled, and started wagging her tongue.

Tom looked down into Cumbag's smiling face. "OK bitch. Here's the deal. Now I
guess you want some of us to stick our cocks in your worthless slut body. In
order for you to have that honor you will have to tease and beg us to. Hazing
has long been a tradition of fraternities. While you're begging, we are going to
haze you." Tom twisted her nipples making Cumbag moan.

" As you try to entice us into fucking you some more, we are going to paddle
you. Since your ass isn't a very good target right now, I guess we'll have to
paddle your cunt and tits. Is that OK with you, pig?" Tom asked. Cumbag grinned
wider and nodded, " Oh YES SIR. That sounds like fun! When do we start? Don't
worry about my tits, sir. I've been hung by my slut-tits before. Paddle my
slut-cunt, sir. I hope you paddle my slut-cunt hard"

Tom nodded to one of the boys who stepped up to the suspended cunt with a large
wooden paddle. The boy slapped the paddle down hard on her cunt. Cumbag came and
started teasing the boys.

"Who wants to fuck my top-cunt? (WHACK!)...Shove some cocks down my whore's
throat...(WHACK! WHACK!)...Anyone want me to lick their ass?...come on
guys(WHACK!)...Don't let this slut-cunt (WHACK!) go to waste...jerk-off in my
cum-sponge face! Please...Don't make me wait... Please...Don't be mean to the
cunt...(WHACK!)    Please choke the slut with your pretty cocks...(WHACK!) Who
wants to fist-fuck this dog-slut? (WHACK!)...You know I sucked dog turds last
night (WHACK!)...Aren't I a sleazy little fuck-bitch (WHACK!)...My ass is loose
now...Ever fist-fuck a whore's ass? (WHACK!)...Here's your chance" Cumbag
wiggled on the ropes as she teased the boys.

Each boy walked up to her outstretched legs. Each boy took the paddle and gave
her hot, wet cunt one hard swat with the paddle. Then it would be another boy's
chance to paddle her cunt. The boys would snicker when the paddle made a wet,
squishing sound hitting her cunt. Cumbag's tits began to ache from holding her
weight. She didn't care. All that mattered was the delicious way her cunt felt
with every hit. All that mattered was the promise of more cocks if she
entertained the boys enough.  All that ever mattered to Cumbag was cocks and
abuse.

"Did all of you see the dogs piss in my fucking mouth (WHACK!)...Ever see a
dog-toilet...Here's one now (WHACK!)...I'm a good ass-licker (WHACK!) Somebody
shove your ass in my face...I'll show you...Want to spit on me? (WHACK!)...Do
it...want to hurt my slut-tits...Go for it...That's why I have big tits...Easier
to hurt...Oohh YEESS...HIT MY FUCKING CUNT!!! (WHACK!)...I love it... I'm just a
piece of fuck-meat. (WHACK!) Use me like one...Fuck me like a slut should be
fucked. (WHACK!)...Shove your cocks down my throat...Let me show you how good of
a cocksucker I am (WHACK!)...OOOHH YEEAAH...HURT MY CUNT!!!
(WHACK!)...PLEASE...SOMEBODY FUCK MY THROAT! Uuummppp". Cumbag's teasing was
cut-off by two big black cocks that were shoved into her mouth as the crowd of
boys moved forward. They would be glad to give the cunt what she begged for.

The boy with the paddle hit her cunt hard. Cunt cream spattered across Cumbag's
thigh. The boy who had just hit her cunt looked down at the paddle. The wood was
soaked with Cumbag's cunt juice. " Oh FUCK! This slut-bitch loves everything we
do to it!" he yelled as he shoved the paddle into Cumbag's cunt and began to
fuck her.

Cumbag moaned around the two cocks stuffed in her mouth as she fucked back
against the paddle. Cumbag swayed back and forth with each thrust. Her big tits
were beginning to turn colors. The nipples were sticking straight up. Some of
the boys couldn't resist whipping her tits with their belts. Cumbag couldn't
really suck the two big, black cocks in her mouth. She just moaned and kept her
tongue wiggling on the underside of the cocks hoping to tease their cum out into
her throat. Two other boys stepped up to her face. They started beating her
cheeks with their big, meaty cocks. They laughed as they spit in her face, each
one trying to hit her face harder than the other one. They stroked their cocks
as the erupted. Their hot, thick cum striped her face like a gooey web.

"C'mon man. Let's cream this white whore. Let's give this slut a taste of some
nigga jizz. Hey, CUNT! It's better than dog-cum...I'm ready man...TAKE IT
BITCH". Cumbag's eyes went wide when they started to cum. Cum dribbled from
around her lips filling her upturned nose. The two black guys pulled their cocks
from the whore's mouth and began to slap her face with their big, meaty cocks.

" OOOHHH....That was sooo goood....yummy...I love cum...who wants to give the
pig some more" Cumbag said while she stuck her tongue out. A fat boy squatted
over her face and sat on her tongue. Cumbag wiggled her tongue as it speared
deep into his ass.

The boy fucking her cunt with the paddle yanked it out from her. He walked
around to one of Cumbag's out-stretched arms. Cumbag grabbed his cock and
started to jerk it skillfully. Another boy did the same to her other arm,
causing the tit beaters to step back.

Cumbag slobbered as she ate the fat boy's smelly asshole like it was ice cream.
The boy grunted and jumped off of her tongue. Cumbag opened her mouth wide as
the boy jacked off in her face. Cum splattered between her eyes, rolling down
her forehead to her hair.

" MORE...FEED THE PIG MORE...PLEASE...SOMBODY...CUM IN THE SLUT'S FACE!

I NEED MORE CUM!" she whined as two more cocks speared her mouth.

Cumbag kept stroking the two cocks in her hand, urging their cum from their
balls. Both boys spurted long strips of cum that criss-crossed cumbag's swollen
tits. Their cum splattered down in loud plops as cumbag moaned. The two boys she
had just jerked off pulled their cocks from her hands.

Cumbag franticly reached out to find more cocks as she nibbled on the two cocks
stuck in her mouth. She found what she was looking for and lovingly stroked the
two new cocks as her tongue licked the underside of the two cocks in her mouth.

A boy named Alex crammed his fist in her cunt. " Take that, you fucking pig! Is
that what you wanted, SLUT! Is this what fuck-pig's are for? Fucking
shit-whore!" Alex yelled. Cumbag could only answer with a "HHhmmmppppffmmmm"
around the two cocks stretching her mouth. Alex jerked his hand out of her cunt
with a loud PLOP causing cumbag to grunt.

Alex chuckled as he shoved his other hand in her cunt making cumbag squeal
around her cocks.

"This will make you happy, huh fuck-meat" Alex said as he crammed his other fist
in her ass.

Cumbag came when he shoved his hand up her ass. "Oohh...FUCK...SHOVE YOUR HANDS
UP MY SLUT HOLES...I'M SUCH A CUNT...FUCK...FUCK..." cumbag squealed. The two
cocks fell from her face as they started to cum. Each cock squirted cum into an
eye.

" YOU FUCKING STUPID SLUT-PIG!!! YOU KNOW NOT TO LET OUR COCKS FALL OUT OF YOUR
FUCKING MOUTH WHEN WE CUM" one of the boys said as he grabbed both of Cumbag's
nipples. He twisted them as hard as he could. Cumbag screamed as she fucked back
against the two fists, causing the cum filling her eyes to roll down her cheek,
"UUUmmm...TWIST THEM...FIST THE SLUT-BITCH...TWIST MY FUCKING NIPPLES!"

Alex yanked his fists from her ass and cunt. A huge glut of cunt-cream followed
his hand, soaking the carpet below. Another boy took his place fisting the slut
as Alex moved to her head. Alex waited patiently for the boy fucking her mouth
to cum. As soon as the boy pulled his cock from the slut's mouth, Alex shoved
his in. When Alex squirted his jizz, he yanked it from Cumbag's mouth. Cumbag
whined at the loss, but couldn't find it. Cumbag's eyes were so full of cum it
was like looking through a glass of milk. Cumbag stuck her tongue out searching
for it.

Alex aimed his cock between her nose and upper lip. His cum cascaded down her
nose and cheeks. Another boy immediately took his place. The boys continued for
the next three hours. Cumbag was suspended by her tits as cock after cock fucked
her throat. Sometimes just one cock would fuck her mouth. Sometimes two would.

When three cocks were stuck in her mouth, Cumbag passed out. Her nose was
completely full of cum and she couldn't breathe around the three cocks. They let
her stay passed-out but continued to face-fuck her. This was how Steve found her
when he returned for his toy-slut.

" Hi Guys! Well, have you had fun with the pig? Did you get your fifteen dollars
worth of the whore? Steve asked grinning. Cumbag's face and head was again
completely covered in cum. She swayed gently from her purple tits. Her cunt was
red and swollen and her asshole looked like a donut. Steve was proud of the
bitch.

" Yeah Steve. Man we had a GREAT time with this fuck-pig! You weren't kidding.
This stupid cunt loves it all." Tom said. They cut the ropes holding cumbag and
she fell with a loud THUD, waking her up. Cumbag looked around at the boys, saw
Steve and smiled. Steve walked over to his fucked-out pig and grabbed her hair,
pulling her up to her knees.

"Well, Cumbag. Did the little cunt have a good time?" Steve asked. "Oh, YES SIR!
The cumbag had a wonderful time. Does the cumbag have to go now, sir?" cumbag
asked her owner. Steve twisted her hair as he said, "Yes, pig. It's time to go.
But before we load you up don't forget your manners, you stupid bitch-slut."
Cumbag looked around at the boys and smiled.

"THANK YOU ALL! You really showed the cumbag a wonderful time. I loved
EVERYTHING you did to me. I hope I was a good slut for you. I hope you all had
fun with the pig. I'd like to come back and have you fuck-up this slut-bitch
again. Anytime you want this whore, just call my owner. If it's OK with him, I'd
love to come back. Thank you for using me like the fuck-slut I am. I hope you
get to do it again real soon. I'm always ready for men who know how to treat a
cunt like me. Thanks!" Cumbag said to the crowd.

The boys put her in the trunk of Steve's car. As he was shutting the lid, Cumbag
smiled at her owner "Thank you, sir. You're so good to me" Steve spit in her
face and said, "I know, cunt. You're going to love what I've got planned for you
next, Cumbag. As her closed the lid Cumbag shouted, "The Cumbag can't wait! Can
the bitch do it now?

Steve laughed as he drove away, the fraternity smiling and waving.

Comments and suggestions may be sent to   stevedema@hotmail.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Steve Dema


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





