BDSM Library - I Want You...




I Want You...
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My pet is locked away in a chastity belt and teased mercilessly as I recount cumming again and again, making him suffer with the endless torment of continued denial and extreme restrained lust.
(sitting here, before my open window, in just my light blue French-cut panties,
playing with my instantaneously hard nipples, filled with one thought and one
thought alone)...

I Want you...


Standing before you, clad in only my light pink suit jacket, matching skirt, and
a lacy bra, I look down at you, my eyes fiery with a sheer picture of lust and
desire.

Licking my lips s-l-o-w-l-y, the tease evident and exaggerated as I push you
down against the bed, pinning you under my weight.

Pulling my suit jacket off, I press my body against yours so you can feel my
hard nipples through my bra.

With a growl of sheer passion and desire I rip your shirt from your body,
throwing it to the floor...in pieces.

Leaving trail of growling, almost purring kisses down your stomach, I savagely
pull off your shorts, my hand making sure to hold on to what's locked away
inside of them.

Ablaze with passion and desire, I whisper to you, my voice rasping and filled
with obvious lust, "I want you" ... "and" ...as I tear your boxers from
your body with my teeth, growling and nipping at your inner thighs as it leaves
them... "I'm going to have you. "

Unzipping my skirt - but not removing it - I kneel between your legs, flicking
my tongue over your metal prison and your imprisoned member...Smiling as it
tries to free itself, hardening against it's cage and against my tongue. 

(I read your entry.  And... OD wouldn't let me note it... No matter... You're
about to find out my thoughts on it...)

Smiling wickedly up at you as I run my lips along it, I slide them down it until
I reach your chain, my leash on your growing hardness.  Taking it between my
lips I tug on it, playfully, smiling as you squirm and writhe under my
ministrations.

I came six times in the last 2 days.  And...for you, my tormented little
one...it's been that many days....six.....all meshing together in your mind
as... the exquisite hell of denial at my hands.

Tugging at that cord between my lips and playing with it, rolling it around my
mouth, pulling it with my tongue, I begin to tell you about each one...about
each of my incredible orgasms while you were denied and begging.

Sucking hard on your chain, running my tongue along it - an obvious tease - as I
tell you about each one of my body-rocking orgasms.  Especially the first one -
the one you gave me with your exquisite mouth, slavishly adding another day to
your own tormented denial as I came selfishly, absorbed in my pleasure alone. 

Tugging hungrily on your chain, playing with it like a kitty-kat would a piece
of string...a cruel kitty-kat.  I tell you about that...and the last one... one
of many in my sleep, which left my body shaking and rocking after I woke up. 
The waves of pleasure echoing through me, leaving my body tingling in sheer
ecstasy as an incredible orgasm rocked through me... to the point, that
afterwards, (even then still horny and un-satiated enough to write this) I saw
spots and couldn't feel my feet.  ...Wow...just wow...  I had 3 orgasms in my
sleep last night.  And I remember the body-rocking pleasure of each one - the
only time I've been multi-orgasmic...  And the night before...? ...Another
two...almost as powerful.  It's been quite a few days full of endless orgasmic
pleasure for me and endless hellish denial for you.  And now...I want you more
than ever.

This morning, I woke up in the throes of orgasm to "The whole world is at my
command" playing on my stereo and just smiled to myself. ...Maybe it's not "the
whole world"....but it is YOU...and your world.  I tug possessively at your
chain as I tell you that.

(And this is only the beginning...)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  icechic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





