BDSM Library - Vestal Whore: Communion of Degradation




Vestal Whore: Communion of Degradation
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The girl has always dreamed of becoming a lawyer and as such has previously been a quiet but excellent student. After her father is off to a remote & dangerous part of the country, the virgin girl gets raped, and soon finds out that the more abuse & humiliation that is heaped upon her, the hotter & hornier she gets, and soon becomes a big pain slut taking on all comers  allowing her tormentors to do the most perverse and painful things to her, not to mention all the gang bangs that she goes through.
     This is an original work of adult literature.  If you are under
     18 years of age, read no further.  If you are a pious
     self-righteous adult burdened by a repressive religious
     upbringing and sexual hang-ups too numerous to count, then you
     too should pass.

     This work may be copied for personal use and enjoyment, ONLY.
     Reposting on any pay sites is forbidden without the expressed
     permission of the Author at:  toryu88@hotmail.com

     It is a work of fiction.  The seed of the story came from             
     BlackDemon's "Church" series, which landed in my fertile mind 
     and grew like a weed as I added more details and embellishments.

     This work contains f_M+, Domination, Con/NC sex, slavery,
     prostitution, beast, bondage, interracial, masochism, sadism,
     breast torture, piercing, large breasts, and whatever else comes
     to mind.

     Feel free to offer comments and suggestions at the above email.




     Vestal Whore:  Communion of Degradation


     Chapter 1


     The flies maintained a droning buzz amid the stifling heat.  The
     mulatto priest stared down the tracks as he heard the the old
     steam engine in the distance.  The Padre Pietro, spiritual leader
     of a small village to the south, had come to Robore to meet the
     train.  He used a pudgy black hand to wipe at the beads of sweat
     that seemed to run in a steady stream from his scalp across his
     jowls and disappeared into his cassock beneath his grimy clerical
     collar.

     The heat, the flies, the stink.  He sighed, one never got use to
     it.  One only wallowed it in, resigned to the fact that it was
     their lot in life.  The dusty blackness of his garb clung to his
     large belly and only added to his discomfort, seeming to soak up
     the heat and humidity.  His cloths seemed to have been designed
     with penance in mind, to inflict a daily suffering.

     As he wiped his forehead his chunky arms drew the sleeve of his
     cassock taunt.  He looked around as the peasants rose from there
     idleness in the hopes that they could sell something to those on
     the train as it made a brief pause on its way to Corumba across
     the boarder in Brazil.  Brazil, home, or it was once.  He moved
     to this area of Bolivia to best serve his god and to avoid past
     unpleasantness.  At 54, he now shepherded the illiterate and
     impoverished members of of the village.  A mixture of indians of
     the Chaco, some japanese, a few european and mennonites and
     Andean indians, failures all.  The Chaco is not kind to settlers.
     Mostly broken and destitute, their homesteads abandoned, they
     cling to life in the village called Resorte del Diablo, Devil's
     Spring, site of the only water for miles around during the dry
     months, an island in a fetid swamp during the wet season.

     The shrill whistle brought him back to the task at hand.  The
     gringo lay missionaries from the Stados Unidos.  The church does
     its works by any means, he thought.  He was sent to meet a
     Baptist missionary and his family.  Lead them to his village and
     assist them with whatever they needed.  So be it.  He rose,
     lifting his sweating hulk, and shuffled toward the platform as
     the passenger cars screeched to a stop.  Shielding his eyes from
     the dust and he height enabled him to look over the heads of the
     peasants.  His nose wrinkled at the dust and the fetid stink of
     humanity that rose around him.

     He saw the white gringo as he stood in the car's doorway
     clutching a bag.  Father Pietro waved getting his attention.  And
     began to wade through the small crowd toward the man.  He watched
     as the man, turned to speak to someone behind him.  He then
     turned with a smile as Padre Pietro halted in from to him.

     The man presumptuously handed him several bags and leapt from the
     steps and turned to help a young woman down.  The woman clad in
     shorts and shirt jumped from the train steps, her hiking boots
     landing heavily on the rotting wood.  As she landed the plump
     heavy bags of her breasts bounced and giggled sloshing within the
     confines of her shirt.

     With a belch of steam the train began to pull away.  The trio
     stepped away from the train carrying their bags, the young woman
     walking quietly beside them.  Reaching a corner of the platform
     Padre Pietro set his load of bags aside.

     "Buenos Tardes", Padre Pietro said in his Portuguese tinted
     Spanish.

     "Steve Falwell, glad to meet you", the man said as he extended
     his hand.  "This is my daughter Rachel.  She'll be attending
     Purdue in the fall for pre-law," he said smugly.

     The beautiful teen raised her blue eyes to Father Pietro's face
     as she offered her small hand.  Padre Pietro clasped her hand in
     his, her small white fingers in stark contrast to the black skin
     of his pudgy hand.

     "Hi, My name is Rachel Falwell," the gorgeous girl said.

     A faint haughty smile flitted across Rachel's lips, her big blue
     eyes taking in the nappy grizzled salt and pepper hair, the dark
     eyes, surrounded by the lined face.  The Priest's broad nose, and
     high cheeks betrayed his mixed blood ancestry.  "A mulatto", she
     thought with not a little distaste.  Rachel knew he had probably
     decended from a union of african slaves and brazilian indians.
     Her skin crawled as she saw the grimy sweat stained clerical
     collar buried amid the old Padre's double chin.  She forgot her
     own discomfort in the heat as she observed the dark sweat stains
     marking his cassock beneath the fat man's arms and around his
     large belly.

     Padre Pietro returned the smile, his eyes taking in the beauty of
     the teenager.  Even the remaining indios on the platform were
     staring at the young woman.  Her large blue eyes held his for a
     moment then looked away as if the eye contact was somehow
     repugnant.  Her light blond hair was pulled back away from her
     high clear forehead and captured by a tie revealing the small
     pale shells of her ears.  The old Padre noticed that the heat had
     brought a flush to her high cheeks that was visible under the
     slight tan that highlighted the upper surfaces of her face.  Her
     delicate nose had a sprinkling of freckles.  He studied the
     perfect face, the startling blue eyes separated by the petite
     upturned nose, wide mouth framed by the plump lips; the perfect
     white teeth above the small delicate chin and the clear, flawless
     skin of her cheeks.  This sculpture of perfection was balanced
     upon a smooth neck, supported on wide athletic shoulders.

     "Where to next", a voice said.  The old Padre turned to face the
     man.

     "A few of the men from the village are here with their mules, we
     load your bags and can be on our way.  It is a day's ride.  If we
     leave now we can be to Resorte del Diablo just after dark.  The
     women of the village were preparing your hut.

     The loading of the mules took only a few minutes.  Padre Pietro
     observed his guests as he rested his sweating girth in the shade.

     The beautiful young woman stood about 5'7" and weighed about 125
     lbs he guessed.  She stood watching her father supervise the
     loading.  The Padre for the first time noticed the woman's
     breasts, Madre de Dios!  The huge mounds seemed out of proportion
     for the trim figure they crowned.  Their heaviness was evident in
     the tautness of the shirt fabric that sought to restrain them.
     Little did he know that they were cause of the premature end of
     her gymnastics career.  When she was 11 years old her small buds
     had burst forth beginning the growth to the firm heavy orbs now
     before him.  Their rapid growth spelled an end to her days of
     competition on the balance beam and tumbling mat.

     Down from her graceful neck was a plain of lightly tanned flesh
     that sloped outward to form the majesty of her bosom.  The Padre
     could tell from how her breasts hung low that the large bags of
     flesh were beginning to feel their own weight, but it would be
     years before she had the stooped posture and sagging breasts of
     an old woman.  The teenager's long narrow torso seem nonexistent
     beneath the shelf of her breasts.  The slight flair of her slim
     hips curved round to the prominent globes of her muscular
     buttocks.  Her muscular thighs and calves were clearly visible
     beneath her shorts.  Over the last 5 years she had grown over a
     foot in height, her long legs now lithe, muscular and firm.  She
     was a picture of trim athleticism mixed with excess sexual
     endowment.

     "Perfectiones de Dios", he thought to himself the young woman's
     mother must have been a beauty with good genes.

     Her father was typical gringo he thought, light haired and
     skinned, medium build with sandy brown hair.  In his early
     forties the Padre thought.  A handsome enough man, but not
     remarkable.  Obviously the teenager owed her mother much.

     The sweat stained tee shirt beneath her blue shirt barely held
     her large breasts in check.  The dark crescents of sweat marked
     the undersides.  Even in the stifling heat, the impression or her
     long thick nipples were visible through the double thickness of
     cloth.  The taunt roundness of her firm buttocks was obvious
     beneath her the shorts hugging her hips.  The swell of her
     hamstrings clearly announced her athleticism to the world.  The
     khaki shorts were sweat stained dark at the top of the crevass
     that divided the proud cheeks of her bottom.  Her broad shoulders
     filled her shirt, ending in long supple muscular arms.  The
     beautiful teenage girl was the picture or perfection.

     The father sighed, "Madre de Dios, to be 20 once again."  Then
     the sharp pain of long suppressed memories lanced into him as
     they welled up like pus from a ruptured cyst.

     A similarly graced dark haired senorita whom he loved confronting
     him in her nudity, the sneer on her lips as she reminded him he
     was mulatto.  That she wanted "un hombre magn fico", not "el
     esclavo indio negro", a black indian slave, the words still
     burned him.  He had turned and ran, ran to the church, ran to
     forget, leaving his manhood and pride behind.

     The old Padre looked at the man's back as the rode along the
     overgrown track.  The mules rhythmic plodding tempting him with
     sleep.  Only the heat and the man's incessant talking about his
     relationship with god kept him awake.

     Steve Falwell obviously felt he held a rather exalted position in
     god's plans, the Padre thought to himself.  Well if he was
     wanting to save the world for god's greater glory, he would
     surely assist him.  One thing the good Padre had learned over the
     years, god helps those that help themselves, he protects those
     that keep themselves out of harm's way.

     If he wanted to save those that truly needed saving.  He would
     send him to the village, Refugio del Muerto to the north.  The
     village had been beset by rebel guerillas as it sat near a
     potentially valuable iron ore deposit along the border.




     Chapter 2

     The next days were spent settling his new guests into their
     quarters and introducing them to the villagers.  Dinners were
     spent discussing future plans, and evenings passed writing
     letters.

     Rachel Falwell cursed her father under her breath as she she
     watched the fat priest stuff another fork full of boiled yucca
     root into his mouth.  The sight of the man repulsed him.  It
     wasn't that she disliked blacks or Hispanics for that matter,
     after all she cheered the almost all black football and
     predominately Hispanic baseball teams on to victory as a member
     of her high school's cheer leading squad.  She even spoke to the
     boys on occasion.  Hadn't she mingled with them and even
     tolerated their futile advances at post game parties?  Rachel
     came from a different world.  A perfect world, until several
     months ago when it had crumbled.  Her mother had left
     unexpectedly with no explanation, and her father had announced
     they were coming here for the summer.  Rachel still didn't
     understand why, she only knew she was thousands of miles away
     from her friends and all she knew and was thrust into a world of
     filth and brown skinned foreigners.

     Steve Falwell in his early forties was a pious man bent on
     winning a place in heaven.  Since his wife had forsaken the path
     of god and had become a fornicatrice, he had been determined to
     save both himself and his daughter from the taint of his wife's
     sinful ways.  His heart still seethed with self righteous rage at
     the adulterous scene he had witnessed not too long ago.

     Coming home early from a bible study session, he found his wife
     bent slavishly over another man.  The man's engorged cock
     obscenely stretching her red lips as his hips rose rhythmically
     from the bed feeding her the vein wrapped length of flesh.  He
     had stood transfixed in the doorway of their bedroom, unable to
     move or speak.  He stood there long minutes watching through tear
     blurred eyes, ears ringing with the grunts and slurps, the wet
     smacking sounds coming from his wife's throat as she swallowed
     the man's long thick cock.  Sounds that made her sound like a
     lowly whore.  He saw the thick cum oozing in a miniature river
     from between the swollen lips of her sex, dribbling down the
     columns of her thighs.  So lost in his private hell, he failed to
     hear the cursed grunts powering stiff jets of cum into the back
     of his wife's spasming throat.  He saw everything, the beads of
     perspiration that dotted the small of her back as she labored,
     the muscles of her back as they flexed, the perfect downward
     hanging breasts as they bobbed, the flushed mottling of her skin,
     the surge of her body as she pushed down to capture the entire
     length of his erupting cock in her throat attempting to make it
     good for her lover as he spewed gob after gob of his rich load
     into her throat.  It was only when she raised her head licking
     the thick white leavings from her hands and chin that she noticed
     him.  Looking him straight in the eye, she lowered her lips to
     give the purple head of the strangers cock a wet lingering
     kiss....

     He pushed the memories back into the shadows of his mind.  The
     forced himself to dwell on the love of Jesus.  Let it blossom and
     fill him mind like some earthly narcotic.  He sat for a moment
     his nerves tingling with his lord's divine presence.

     Yes, he would go to the village to the north there he could
     proselytize the villagers, the rebels, bring them into god's
     fold.  He would not be interfered with by some broken down priest
     and his medieval beliefs.  He owed no allegiance to a pope, only
     to the personal god he carried within his heart.  He resolved to
     leave in the morning.




     Chapter 3


     Rachel's eyes were still blurry with tears as the beautiful teen
     watched her father's back disappear around the bend in the dirt
     trail.  Composing herself, she thought of what she would do next.
     Her father had decided it was best that she stay here for the
     time being rather than face the uncertainty of the village to the
     north.  He said he would send for her.

     In the meantime she was to help Padre Pietro minister to the
     villagers, and help as he saw fit.  She would have her own room
     in the church annex and the run of the village.  She turned and
     walked back down the dusty road toward the old stone church.

     Having spent the last few days learning her way around the
     village, she knew there were more people than there appeared.
     Brushing a pale hand past her face to dispel the ever present
     flies she glanced down the alley that led to the open barn that
     housed the cockfighting pit.  As there had been on her visit with
     the Padre she could see a number of men lounging in the sparse
     shadows to escape the building heat.  The Padre had said they
     occasionally fought dogs there too.  She shivered at the thought
     despite the intense morning heat, feeling her large nipples
     harden and lengthen into the long thick fingers that caused her
     so much embarrassment.  Her short walk had caused sweat to soak
     her white blouse, making it fit her upper torso like a glove her
     large heavy breasts joggling within her bra with each step.  She
     knew by the way they felt and from experience that soon her
     puckered aureoles and long rigid nipples would be clearly visible
     through the sweat soaked fabric despite the bra beneath.  She
     quickened her pace causing the fleshy bags on her chest to wobble
     and swing from side to side even more, their liquid weight
     rippling within the confines of her custom bra.

     Half way to the church she passed the open fronted building which
     sided the river serving as a communal laundry.  The wizen old man
     standing beneath the awning watched as she walked by.  She
     attempted to ignore the lingering stares of the old oriental man.
     She felt his eyes roam over her like slithering tentacles.  She
     heard the sing song dialect as he called out to someone and soon
     his eyes were joined by those of hulking figure of his son.  The
     Padre had said the son was slow witted.  Neither said a word as
     she walked past, but she feel their eyes worming over her probing
     every curve and crevass.  The thin wet cotton of her blouse was
     clinging to the large firm cones of her breasts.  The dark
     ruddiness of her aureoles were clearly visible beneath the fabric
     as her inch long nipples tented the saturated fabric.  Her long
     thick nipples in all their knobby beauty looked like reddish pink
     rasberries.  A blind man could have read the prominent Braille
     written by her thoughts across the surface of her puckered
     aureoles.  Suddenly Rachel realized the throbbing in her swelling
     breasts was being matched by a tingling between her legs.  The
     forbidden realization that the roaming hungering eyes of the men
     excited her sent a gushing tingle through her vagina.  Her face
     colored as she felt her labia become slick from the excitement of
     such shameful thoughts.  What would her father say if he knew she
     had felt nothing but repulsion at the hint of what those men were
     thinking.  She started to pray beneath her breath fighting back
     her evil and shameful thoughts.

     Another gushing tingle ran through her as her mind swam at what
     they might be thinking, what they might want to do to her.  It
     was only after reaching the church standing in the quiet of the
     dark stifling entryway, that the realization of what she had seen
     entered her mind.  She licked her lips as her breath came in
     short gasps.  Her mind flitted guiltily around the edges of the
     thought as if it was too obscene to touch, to contemplate.
     Finally her mind embraced it, the thought blossomed and she
     accepted what she had seen in the loose pantaloons of the two
     men.  Her vagina flooded and wet the downy curls covering her
     labia, as she remembered the bulging pantaloons of the men as
     their cocks had hardened at the sight of her lascivious but
     unintentional display".

     Her mind was a tangle of confused thoughts which she couldn't
     sort out due to the pulsing distraction in her groin and the
     burning tips of her breasts.  Confused and disgusted, she
     eventually found room in the church annex and locked herself
     behind the sturdy wooden door.  Huddled in the corner of her room
     she struggled with her feelings, how the gaze of the men repulsed
     and thrilled her, how she was disgusted with herself, but craved
     the new feelings coursing through her young body.

     In anger and disgust she tore off her shorts to get at the
     maddening center of her distraction.  In anger she grabbed the
     swollen throbbing nub of her clitoris and gave it a violent
     pinch, forcing a moan to escape from her lips as she increased
     the pressure between her thumb and finger.

     Several hours later the old Padre knocked at her door to say good
     night.  A muffled response all he got in return, but he was
     satisfied the teenager was safely behind a locked door.  He took
     his candle and waddled to his room at the other side of the
     annex.  "A Protestant gringo bitch", he thought, "Too good to
     even open the door."  Pushing his more prurient thoughts to the
     the darker corners of his mind.  He thought of how he could put
     the young woman in her place.

     The beautiful teen sat on her haunches on the bed, back pressed
     against the corner of the wall.  The flicker of the light on the
     wooden night stand offered up a dim illumination in the room.
     The light of the candle was caught in drool running down her chin
     from her protruding tongue and was mirrored in the wetness on her
     fingers.  Her eyes were blind to the light, screwed up tight,
     head lolled back, her face creased in dreamy concentration.  The
     room was silent except for the wet sticky sounds coming from the
     fingers ravaging her vagina.  The fingers of her other hand
     worried at the inch long scarlet nub that was her clitoris.  Its
     sheath pulled back from its blood engorged length, nearly the
     size of a cigarette filter.  She shuddered, her fingers plucking
     and rubbing the turgid cluster of nerves.  A patina of fluid
     coated her inner thighs, her hands were a mess of rich musky
     juice.  The room smelled heavy of musk.  A glimmering ribbon of
     liquid coalesced at the bottom of her crotch and dripped into the
     spreading wet spot beneath her quivering bottom.  The movement of
     her fingers increased their tempo, her body pressed tighter
     against the wall as she stiffened, a low moaning wail dribbled
     from her parted lips climaxing in a choking prolonged shudder.

     Rachel opened her eyes, moved them furtively around the room, and
     closed them again and relaxed.  Her breath caught, in her throat
     as the lewd and disgusting thoughts once again spewed through her
     mind like the stink of some sewer run amok, the thoughts and
     their vileness pushed all before them.  She licked her parted
     lips as her wet fingers once more began the now familiar private
     probing....




     Chapter 4


     An early morning haze hung in the air that smelled of cooking
     food and the acrid smoke of cooking fires.  A parrot squawked
     from its perch in the tree.  A green tree sloth moved in slow
     motion as it followed the progress of the two pedestrians as they
     walked thought the twin doors of the church.  The church fronted
     the square, dating back to the first Jesuits in the area.  It was
     a formidable structure, its thick mud brick walls laid out along
     traditional lines of a naive and transect representing the holy
     cross and built lying east to west.  Better to catch the early
     light of morning through the church's stained glass.  The glass
     was now covered with dust and many panes were cracked or missing.

     Rachel walked quietly behind the Padre as they crossed the town
     square and made their way toward the communal laundry.  The
     square was empty now.  It would be busy soon enough as it was
     every day in the morning and evenings, the coolest parts of the
     day.  Rachel glanced back at the church and thought of last
     night, and a wave of guilty hunger washed over her as she thought
     of how she had explored, tormented and pleased herself in the
     darkness of her room remembering the hungry stares of the two
     oriental men.

     When the fat old Padre had told her she would be helping in the
     communal laundry, her mind filled with indignation, but her
     stomach pulled tight as she felt her vagina throb in a mixture of
     excitement and dread at the prospect of meeting the two men whose
     mere gaze had driven her to do things to herself that she knew
     were sinful and disgusting.  How many times had she touched
     herself?  Four, no five times?  Her vagina felt swollen, its
     fulness pressed tightly against the crotch seam of her shorts.
     The very motion of walking was a confusing mixture or pain and
     pleasure.  The friction and her thoughts brought a slow ooze of
     wetness along the lips of her vagina.

     She walked as the condemned walks to the gibbet.  Within her ripe
     body she felt the near certainty that something within her was on
     the verge of dying.  The slow death of the fetters of pious
     hypocrisy had begun by her own hand last night.  She saw the
     first glimpse of the pleasures that might await if she was freed
     of the restraints of archaic moral superstitions.  A part of her
     secretly welcomed it.  She knew the two filthy oriental men would
     be the executioners.

     The heat of the square seemed to lift a bit as they neared the
     river and the laundry.  The fat Padre ducked as he stepped under
     the thatched roof of the porch that served as the counter area.
     He peered into the gloom of the back of the hut that projected
     over the river bank supported by pilings.

     "Hatori, are you here?, his voice boomed out?  "Hei", came the
     reply from somewhere back in the gloom.

     Rachel heard the scrape of wood on wood as a shoji like door slid
     back revealing what looked like a storeroom off the the left.  An
     immense dark shape trundled out of the shadows ahead of a frail
     and wizen looking man.  A black mastiff-dane mix shoved his nose
     up at the Padre in recognition as the old owner announced his
     arrival with a wracking cough hawking up a robust wad of phlegm
     which he spit into a dirty cloth hanging from a rope tied to his
     waist.  Rachel shuddered not knowing if it was from the
     disgusting display, or the penetrating stare of the man as he
     addressed the Padre.

     "Konichi wa, Padre san", he said in a low screech, a hint of
     spittle glistening on his unshaven chin.  "This must be the the
     new helper you promised".  Speaking of her as if she was a new
     utensil.

     "This is Rachel Falwell, she is here to assist in the lord's work
     with the villagers", the padre said.

     Rachel a full head taller than the old man.  He wore loose
     fitting peasants garb, stained and dirty with an occasional rent
     and tear.  His longish hair was pulled back and confined in a
     greasy knot at the back of his head.  A few whiskers grew from
     his chin and upper lip.  Two dark penetrating eyes stared out of
     an otherwise featureless oriental face.  His lips cracked into a
     nearly toothless grin as Rachel hesitantly presented her pale
     hand in greeting.  The old man's penetrating gaze had never
     lifted to Rachel's face but roamed her body as he stepped forward
     and presented a hand that more resembled a scarred and arthritic
     claw.  She knew that she should feel revulsion at the touch of
     the man's scabby hand and his violating stare.  Her stomach was
     turning, but it was a butterfly mixture of revulsion and nasty
     anticipation.

     She felt naked in front of him, felt as if her were peeling the
     clothes from her one piece at a time, until she envisioned
     herself naked in front of him.  Not just naked, but soul naked,
     helpless.  Her body and mind laid bare.

     She pulled her hand back but still he held it, his stare never
     leaving her breasts.  Could he sense the firestorm of emotions
     consuming her mind she wondered?  Her eyes darted to the Padre
     for assistance, but he stood smiling seeming to enjoy her
     distress.  Hatori ran his thumb in a mockery of a caress across
     the back of the girls hand.  Much to the poor girls distress he
     brought his phlegm flecked lips to the girls hand in a parody of
     a kiss.  This caused Rachel's oversized nipples to blossom in an
     embarrassing display, as blood rushed to fill the rigid probes as
     her aureoles contracted in sympathy with her leaking vagina.
     Rachel wanted to die as her nipples expanded in full view of the
     old man.  His smile seemed to expand, his eyes rose to her face
     as if to acknowledgment her lack of physical control.

     Poor beautiful Rachel's mind was a confused welter of emotions,
     the disgust she felt toward the old man was mirrored in the
     contempt she had for how her own body betrayed itself at his
     touch.  This only seemed to cast fuel on the fire of her
     unexplained lust.  Her rational mind fought to rise above the
     swirling flood, drowning in wave after wave of disgusting,
     forbidden and sinful feelings.  All the while her flesh reveled
     in it, her over ripe body seemed to revel in the knowledge that a
     lifetime of teachings were being violated and broken, but only in
     her mind.  She felt wave after wave of nasty pleasure course
     through her hungry body as her swollen clit protruded between her
     leaking labia like a fat tongue.  Her oversized breasts swelling
     with the contained heat pushing her distended nipples tighter
     into the thin fabric revealing themselves to the old man even
     more.

     "Rachel is eager to get started doing whatever it is she can help
     with", the voice of the Padre intoned.

     Rachel blushed as she pulled her hand free and quickly stepped
     back crossing her arms self- consciously across her chest.  Her
     clit still tingling maddeningly between her legs.

     "Bueno, she can help Maria and Tahio in the washroom."  Hattori
     grunted, appearing somewhat disappointed.  "She can begin now,
     the work will last most of the day."

     "Rachel", the old Padre said turning to her.  "I will leave you
     here with Hattori, he will introduce you to the others."  "I will
     be gone to another village today, but will return tonight."

     With that he turned with an amused smile and started back to the
     church.

     Rachel stood transfixed, feeling lost and vunerable.  To her
     surprise the old man looked at the broad back of the padre as he
     walked across the square, snorted and turned.  He stopped and
     cast a lingering glance in Rachel's direction.

     "You come with me", he said with a grin, revealing the stained
     remains of his teeth, the brown rotten stumps of several were the
     hallmark of his smile.  With that he walked back into the shadows
     of the washhouse.




     Chapter 5

     The day was purgatory.  The attractive teen had spent her time
     bent over the wash and rinse tubs and carried wood to feed the
     fire for heating the wash water.  All the while she and Maria had
     to fight off the unwelcome advances of Conquistador, the large
     black mastiff mix.  His cold wet nose seemed to be everywhere to
     her embarrassment, but amusement of everyone else.  While Maria
     seemed moved at all by the dogs advances, Rachel burned with
     shame at the thought that his interest was fueled by the musky
     smell of the guilty secretions of her drooling vagina.

     The old man had introduced her to his son, Tahio, he was her age
     but a near retard of hulking proportions for an oriental
     teenager.  Taller than the Padre, but not as heavily built due to
     his youth.  The dumb slack jawed look of the teenager, was
     accentuated by the drool that seemed to perpetually wet his chin.
     Rachel felt profound sympathy for the boy, as he was worked like
     a dog by his father.  His barefoot hulking form shuffling about
     from one task to another.  Once in a gush of sympathy, the
     thought had entered her mind in that under different
     circumstances she....but she caught herself in disgust having to
     turn away as the youth grinned at her, his tongue probing at a
     string of green snot that cascaded from his left nostril.

     My god, she thought, what has my father gotten me into.
     Forgotten for an instant were the noble and charitable reasons
     for her being here.  She lost herself in a torrent of self pity.
     Broken down under the heat and filth of the day, she suddenly
     fought back tears.  The memory to her carnal display and the
     betrayal by her body was fresh in her mind.

     "Our father who art in heaven...."  she prayed under her breath,
     trying to fight back the rush of pity, disgust, and filthy
     thoughts that fought for her attention.  The buzz of her clit and
     the continuous burning in her breasts and nipples was fought back
     when she pinched herself fiercely on the inner thigh.  She kept
     from drowning in self pity by looking at Maria her workmate.

     Maria was a mestizo, or Castilian indian mix.  She was older than
     Rachel in her early 20's and was very attractive.  Her thick
     black hair accented her flawless light brown skin and was worn
     similarly to Rachel's, pulled back in defense of the pervasive
     heat.

     She was full breasted for an indian with large and dark aureoles
     and nipples typical for her skin coloring.  Rachel noticed that
     she had what the men crudely referred to as "la colon grande",
     the large ass typical of most indian women.  The young woman
     carried herself as if beaten down, standing in her dirty bare
     feet, her true height obscured by the down trodden posture she
     maintained.  Rachel saw that she never lifted her eyes to the old
     man and did as she was told.  The girl wore the typical loose
     fitting native garb; a rude calf length dress of loose weave
     off-white cotton, held close at the waist by a rope or belt.  The
     front 3/4 of the dress held closed by wooden buttons.

     Rachel had realized early that it was cooler and more practical
     than the close fitting blouse and she wore.  The old man had
     given a similar dress to wear, which she had donned to replace
     her ruined blouse and shorts which had become a filthy mixture of
     powdered soap, soot and dirt.  She found that the dress was not
     so transparent when wet from her time at the wash tub.  The two
     young women did not talk, but only conversed as their tasks
     demanded.

     During the day Rachel caught glances several livid welts across
     the top of her ample breasts and the glint of light on metal
     before the young woman changed position or pulled her blouse
     closed.  Her movements were always accompanied by metallic
     tinkling of what sounded like little bells.

     As she bent over the wash basin arms in the water up to her
     elbows, time seemed to pass as in fog of boredom and humidity.
     As her thoughts wandered her peripheral vision caught movement
     behind her.  The dog, she told herself, and prepared for the
     inevitable assault with a wet nose.  Rachel froze as she felt the
     hem of her dress lift and fleeting touch of something against her
     inner thigh.  Simultaneously she felt something push her in the
     upper back causing her to have to catch the other side of the
     wooden basin to keep her balance.  Jerking her head to the left
     and over her shoulder she was met by the leering grin of the old
     man standing at her left hip.  His left hand was firmly planted
     in the middle of her upper back clenching a fist full of her
     cotton dress.  His right hand was busy beneath the lower hem of
     her dress, his bony fingers worming like a blade between her firm
     thighs.  Rachel was too off balance to offer much resistance, her
     upper body hanging over the water filled basin, her hands
     clutching the far side, the near side cutting into her narrow
     hips.  Fighting to regain her balance she moved her feet, this
     only allowed the old man greater access to her inviting crotch.

     Rachel's mind reeled as she looked to the left in Maria's
     direction only to see her disappearing into the rear of the shop.
     Fighting the increasing pressure against her back, she felt the
     old man's bonny fingers digging through the thin blonde curls
     fringing her labia.  The plump soft lips of her outer labia were
     no match for the insistent probing.  She looked to the right with
     a frightened and questioning look only to to get a silently evil
     grin that exposed the man's rotting teeth.

     "You have been wanting this, senorita, hei?"  he hissed, his
     rancid breath assaulting her delicate nostrils.  "You are wet
     like del rio, how you say, like a river", he said with a laugh.

     No response was necessary as his fingers slid easily into the
     tight wet pit of her cunt, its dripping lips announcing her
     guilty but wordless reply.  Rachel wanted to die, the guilt of
     her feelings burned into her chest, driving the breath from her
     lungs, her mind a swirl of conflicting life long beliefs and
     desires.  Her mouth moved soundlessly like a waterless fish,
     small hands clutching whitely at the basin side.  Surrendering,
     she closed her eyes as his fingers probed the fleshy end of her
     cervix, his thumb strumming the rising nub of her clit!  .  The
     beautiful teens body betrayed her as she felt her hips rock as
     her trim ass raised as she slightly opened her thighs to allow
     the stinking old man greater access to her, increasing her
     masochistic shame.  His dirty fingers were now exploring the wet
     confines of her most secret parts, round and round they ran
     teasing her cervix as it stood like a lonely obelisk.  His thumb
     mashed against the thick stub of the attractive teens engorged
     clit.  At the same instant she jerked as she felt something cold
     against the back of her leg.  In an instance she knew!

     "Conquistador likes your wet little pussy too senorita", the old
     man said with a cackle.

     She looked around in time to see the large tongue of the animal
     make a long swath through the oily liquid coating the old man's
     hand and her crotch.  Her heart raced as she felt a hardness
     against her hip through the old man's filthy pantaloons.  The
     slut in her marveled at the size and hardness of his hidden
     member which seemed to surge with each new indignity she
     suffered.  The prim voice in her shamed her, when she caught the
     slut in her wondering what it looked like, and to her thrilling
     disgust, what it might taste like....!

     She tried to pray, to find a reason for her martyrdom, but she
     found it too nasty, too horribly thrilling to concentrate on
     virtuous thoughts.  Seeming that god wasn't pleased with the
     level of her degradation and humiliation, she felt hands on the
     side of her face holding her firmly to the front.  Opening her
     big blue eyes she saw the imbicilic face of Tahio, the hulking
     retard.  As she whimpered he held her as he moved the stained
     front of his pantaloons even with her face.  As he shuffled
     forward she saw the outline and caught glimpses of the log of his
     cock through a tear in the fabric.  Standing in front of her he
     grasped her by her blond pony tail and thrust her face into his
     groin.

     The beautiful girl felt a surge of masochistic delight as her
     nose brushed against the hardness of his rod through the rent in
     the fabric.  His bristly pubs scratched her nose and cheek, as
     she caught her breath her delicate nostrils were assailed by the
     stink and filth of his unwashed privates.  A wave of goose flesh
     rose across her back and arms at the delightful dirtiness of it,
     the image of her mother and father flashed through her mind, if
     only they could see me now a little voice cried out!

     The attractive teen's soul burned as she felt her cunt contract
     uncontrollably at the repulsive touch of the boys organ.  She
     knew the old man could feel her guilty response around his
     dripping fingers.  He knew her inner secret.  In a mind searing
     flash, Rachel realized what she had known secretly all along.
     Her life as a prim and proper church going deb, was a sham.  Just
     as sure as the facade of her happy family had collapse amid a
     storm of adultery and betrayal, the lie of her true nature was
     being revealed by these filthy peasants.  The lily white personae
     she portrayed was as hollow as her empty begging cunt.  Here she
     stood, a depraved strangers hand probing her cunt, relishing the
     feel of a strange cock against her face, her body betraying her,
     responding with masochistic delight to the humiliating and
     degrading treatment at the hands of strangers.

     She knew now there was no god.  There was no right and wrong, no
     afterlife, only the here and now, only the cravings of the flesh,
     only the inflamed and gnawing need between her legs.  Her brain
     the center of her intellect, seat of what she called her soul,
     repository of her eternal salvation, had surrendered control of
     her life to the half-inch long bundle of nerves of her clit.  The
     thick blood engorged little bishop, sang like a choir with each
     touch of the old man's calloused thumb.  Like a tiny alien
     possessing her body, it now controlled her every craving.  Red
     and swollen from the incessant attention it coaxed her, with wave
     after wave of guilty pleasure, deeper into the mire and filth of
     her sexual depravity.  Her mind was a willing accomplice as it
     thrilled to the forbidden acts she willingly allowed others to
     perform on her virginal body.  Her skin burned with the guilt and
     anticipation, the shame and pleasure of being used like a whore!

     Now she needed no coaxing as she pushed her face into the boy's
     stinking crotch, seeking out the hard tube of his cock.  She
     thrilled to the feel of it against her lips, her little pink
     tongue thrusting out in desperate pursuit of just a taste of the
     sinful object of her lust.  The vile tool of rapine and
     degradation of so many women through history, but holy enough to
     be the instrument of god's covenant with the Jew's.  Her mind
     reeled, that was it, it would be the instrument of a new
     covenant, between her and her new god, the god of her flesh.  She
     would sacrifice all to satiate her god and to please her.  Her
     life would be cocks, hard, swollen spurting cocks.  It was her
     destiny to service them to please her god, to make them hard and
     swollen, to coax them to give up their rich hot creamy offering
     to her god.  She would please them every way she could, with her
     tits, cunt, ass and mouth.  Her life would be a long ride of
     thrusting, rubbing, sucking and spurting cocks!

     She felt her legs being swept apart by the old man's hips, as he
     raised her dress.  His hand gone, the cry of emptiness from her
     stretched and drooling cunt was was about to be answered.  The
     boy pulled aside the buttonless fly of his pantaloons to free the
     thick vein choked length of his cock.  Rachel nuzzled the length
     of it against her cheek, drawing back as the boy leveled it with
     her mouth.  He skinned back the delicate foreskin, revealing his
     encrusted purple glans.




                           Chapter 6

   Rachel stretched her slender neck forward like an infant bird,
   yearning hungrily for the boy's cock, she pursed her lips,
   wetting them, her tiny pink tongue leaving them gleaming with the
   saliva that rose in deliberate anticipation. Behind her she felt
   the old man's cock searching for her cunt through the sodden
   curls of the matted hair lining the lips of her cunt......

   The sound of a door latch in the dark startled the teenager as
   she stood guiltily in the pool of light in the middle of the
   room. She struggled to push the filthy fantasy from her mind, but
   her hands continued their mechanical torment of her cunt and
   clit. The oily juices flowing from her mixed with the soapy
   water coating her glistening form. Her mind reeled, as she
   remembered where and who she was. "Are you so lost?" her
   rational mind cried out. "You are a good and holy woman!" it
   said. "Reject the pleasures of the flesh!!" Rachel's only
   response was a guilty groan, as the split fingers of one hand,
   pulled back and exposed the swollen angry red nub of her clit to
   the direct, tormenting attention of the fingers of her other hand.
   Just as her fingers began to pinch the thick projecting fleshy
   nub, a voice jolted her back to reality.

   "Rachel, my child is that you?" the voice of the old padre said,
   filling the room. His hulking form materialized at the edge of
   the light, cast by the flickering candles on the tall stands near
   the nude girl.

   The Padre's late arrival at the washroom was to wash away the dust
   of the road. He had seen the young woman bathing and had intended
   to spare her the embarrassment of knowing of his intrusion.
   Something rooted him to the spot. Like some obscene voyeur, his
   mouth became dry, as he relished watching the perfectly formed
   teenager bath. He watched as she had sponged every curve of her
   flawless white skin. The firm muscles of her shoulders rippled
   under smooth skin. He watched her sponge the muscular expanse of
   her upper chest, and watched as the suds ran over the swelling curves
   of her huge breasts. He had marveled at the heavy weight of her
   breasts, as they stood high and proud, revealing only a hint of
   sag on the downward curve, where they joined her lean ribcage.
   Soap flowed down the deep cleavage, between the succulent orbs
   that rippled and jiggled with her every movement. Beneath the
   pale white skin, he could see a network of light blue veins
   feeding her blood engorged nipples.

   He wet his thick black lips, as the wet elongated nipples shown
   like diamonds under the reflected candlelight. He watched them
   lengthen, as her aureoles tightened from the cool wetness. His
   gaze followed the stream of soapy water, as it ran from her
   cleavage, down the long flat plane of her stomach and through
   the sparse patch blonde curls that graced her mons. His eyes
   widened, as the miniature river was divided by the large
   protuberance of her clit, to finally drip from her downward
   hanging labia, that projected like a fat pink tongue from her
   hidden slit.

   He stood frozen, as her gleaming thighs trembled while she
   debased herself in selfish pleasure, abusing the nub of her clit
   with greedy fingers. He felt a stirring beneath his cassock that
   he had thought to be long dead. The young woman was perfection
   incarnate, yet here she stood, debasing herself like a common
   Puta. He felt a profound loss, and sympathy mixed with contempt
   for the sluttish girl. "She has the world," he thought, "yet she
   wants to play the whore."

   Priestly thoughts overwhelmed the carnal desires he felt, "The
   slut violates god's will in his very house!" he thought with
   outrage.

   He knew the girl must do penance, and the priest in him was enraged
   at the long dormant feelings that she had resurrected in him.

   "Surely the slut is a vessel of lust! Put on this earth to tempt
   the holiest of men. Satan must be driven out of her!" he
   thought, as he watched her continue to abuse the sensitive flesh
   between her legs, like a needy whore.

   Rachel was lost in lust, as she smiled at the old Padre, and
   unashamedly fought for sexual release. Her fingers were a blur,
   as she worried the stiff nub of reddened flesh.

   Before she could move, the old Padre stepped forward, "Puta!" he
   spat, as he sent her reeling, as his open hand crashed into her
   cheek.




                             Chapter 7


   Her lithe form landed on the wooden floor with a thud, lying in a
   puddle of water and suds, across the dusty, dry floor. Rachel raised
   herself up on her left hip, supporting herself with her left arm, as
   she rubbed the red welt on her cheek with her other hand. Dust and
   rotting wood stuck to the wet flesh of her flank and the curve of
   her left breast.

   Rachel smiled, licking her lip, tasting the saltiness from the
   blood, and feeling how her lip was thickening from the blow. She
   pushed herself erect, her breasts jiggling from the effort. She
   crawled over to where the black clad figure towered over her.

   "You have behaved like a common whore in the house of the lord,
   my child. What have you to say about this sluttish wickedness
   and abomination you you have performed in the sight of the
   lord?" he intoned.

   Without a word, the girl ran her palms along the outline of his
   cock, visible through his cassock. She slowly snaked her small
   hand through the opening between it's buttons, searching for what
   she needed to find. Her small fingers marched like tiny Christian
   soldiers, up the length of the old Padre's burgeoning erection.
   She smiled up at him, as he stood as though rooted to the floor,
   too shocked to react.

   A groan escaped his lips, as the small rooting fingers explored,
   found and cupped his heavy scrotum. Forgotten feelings surged
   through him at the teenager's touch. His broad nostrils flared at
   the overwhelming smell of musk that exuded from her, only feet away.
   Her other hand impatiently fumbled, first with the buttons of his
   cassock and then with the fly of his under garment.

   Even in the dim light of the candle, the contrast of her pale
   hands, on his large black rod was clearly visible. The
   uncontrollable rise of saliva in her mouth, was matched by the
   clenching in her guts, as her pussy welled up with hot musk. The
   Padre stood rigid, suddenly raising his pudgy hands to the
   heavens and clenching them into fists. As the girl continued her
   vile ministrations.

   Rachel knew now that her fantasy was not a dream, but a vision, a
   vision of her destiny, her purpose. Lost in a maelstrom of lust
   and need, she struggled to push such thoughts from her mind, and
   grasp the old Rachel, the intelligent, independent Rachel, the one
   one dedicated to self-denial, all in the name of a religious
   mythology. Instead, the more she struggled within herself, the more
   tangled she became in her religious fantasies. She now perceived
   that she had no choice, that the loving god she for so long sought
   to please, had charted and new course for her existence. She was
   to please in a new realm. Not one of the spiritual realm, but the one
   of the flesh. In an instant she saw things clearly, and was now freed
   from the restraining burden of a lifetime of lies.

   Rachel eagerly pulled The Padre's under garment down his thick
   thighs. Her cheek rested against his sizable paunch, as her long,
   stiff nipples brushed teasingly along in their wake. Kneeling,
   her dripping bottom rested on her heels, she raised her small
   hands, with a whimper of excitement, to lovingly cup the large
   black sack of his testicles, that hung heavily beneath his large
   gut. Her small hands could barely contain their hot fullness, as
   she dipped her head to place a loving kiss on each of the plumb
   sized orbs, with her forehead pushed tightly against the overhang
   of his belly. Her cupped hands kneaded their precious cargo
   tenderly, as she buried her nose and mouth in their wrinkled
   softness. Rachel felt her guts contract, as she inhaled the
   fragrance of the Padre's manhood, felt the churning of his balls
   beneath her lips and fingers, and felt the coarseness of his nappy
   pubes against her pale cheeks.

   Overcome and blinded by lust, her tongue thrust out like a tiny
   wet worm, to trace the heavy veins decorating his sperm heavy
   scrotum, beneath their covering of tightly curled hair. She
   lathed the firm orbs until they were lathered with her saliva,
   her tongue paying homage to the offering they contained. The
   offering that she would soon have jetting forth, in a warm
   fountain from which she would drink, in a new kind of communion.

   The Padre's body betrayed him, even as he cried out silently to
   god, in a futile prayer. The years of self-denial, in the purgatory
   of celibacy were melting away, as the young girl stoked the long
   banked embers of lust in his loins. The blind rage he felt at
   the girl was doused by wave after wave of long forgotten carnal
   pleasure, as the girl made oral love to his churning balls.

   Suddenly in an epiphany of faith driven delusion, it was clear to
   him. Like the saved drowning man's surety of divine
   intervention, the old Padre knew the reason for his tempting.
   The girl was a vessel, a vessel into which he would pour his
   lust, he would purify her, he would use her to cleanse others of
   their lust. Why else would god send him a soulless whore in the
   form of a perfect virginal woman. Such carnal perfection had
   only one use. With the certainty born of zealotry, the old Padre
   was freed of his guilt. He lowered his pudgy hands the girl's
   blonde head as she dipped her head sideways to catch the thick
   staff of his cock between her eager open lips.

   Rachel trembled with anticipation as she brought her hand to the
   stiff rod of black flesh and guided it to her mouth. Her hand
   was slick with the saliva that coated his sperm sacks, and filled
   her mouth to overflowing. She tenderly shucked his swelling cock
   with her small white fingers to reveal the dark grayish purple
   head. Her lust drugged mind reveled in the depravity of the
   scene. A prim and proper white Protestant teenager, on
   missionary with her pious father, groveling soul naked before a
   fat mulatto priest making love to his cock with her swollen red
   lips and pink little tongue. Her mind reeled as she visualized
   the scene, her once flawless face bruised, lips swollen from the
   abuse she knew she deserved, her cheeks distended, face
   glistening with mingled secretions, her jaw distorted as she
   tried to swallow the length of flesh. It was so awful, so
   depraved, her heavily secreting pussy throbbed at the mental
   image. She dug her upturned heels into her groin to satisfy the
   need, the wet swollen flesh of her cunt flooded her feet with its
   thick oily discharge.

   The groveling girl marveled at the hardness of the old Padre's
   cock as she held it in her hand. Her swollen lips leaked a moan
   that was a mixture of need and anticipation as she brought the
   throbbing black cudgel to her wet lips. She pulled the glossy
   swollen head to her lips in a soulful kiss, paying homage to the
   offering the laid before her god. In a scene that was
   deliberate, almost ritualistic, she kissed the length of the
   fleshy rod, tracing each pencil thick vein with her delicate pink
   tongue. She felt it surge under her ministrations. Bringing the
   plum sized knob to her lips she lathed her tongue around its
   girth and played it into the cleft beneath its wordless mouth,
   pursing her lips she gently kissed the head, and with a purr
   engulfed it with her watering mouth.

   A moaning growl escaped the fat old man as the head of his cock
   was encased in the wet warmth of the young white girl's mouth.
   His balls churned as he felt the girl's tongue swirl around the
   sensitive head, playing and dipping in to the precum leaking slit
   as if plumbing for its rich liquid treasure, coaxing it to
   fountain forth. His head swimming, legs trembling the Padre
   staggered back and collapsed into a heavy framed wooden chair.
   The eager girl never released the vacuum of her young mouth
   around the old Padre's cock, scuttling after him on all fours,
   heavy swollen tits swaying beneath her like a nursing calf
   reluctant to give up it's mother's teat.




   Chapter 8

   The old Padre reclined in the chair and could finally see the
   entire portrait of the young lust driven slut. In the dim light
   of the candle her body still gleamed under the sheen of bath
   water water and sweat. The curves of her athletic and lush
   figure were highlighted. The sight made his loins burn, his
   throbbing cock threatening to burst as his lust heated blood
   pumped into the black rod trapped between the young girls
   hollowed cheeks. The old man watched the impassioned face of the
   young white woman, her flaxen fair plastered to her high clear
   forehead with sweat and hanging in matted strands about her
   shoulders. Her pale blue eyes were unseeing, clouded with lust,
   tears of rapture glistening at her lashes, as a patina of sweat
   formed on the upper surface of her cheeks. Her delicate nostrils
   flared as she struggled for breath due to the fleshy invader
   distorting her beautiful features as it her oral cavity. Her
   fine chin glistened under a virtual river of spit as her mouth
   filled to overflowing as she bent to her delicious task. Her
   long neck worked with the exertions of her sucking as her flushed
   cheeks hollowed and hollowed again as if she struggled to get
   sustenance from his fleshy rod. She relinquished her loving oral
   embrace only long enough to caress his length with her delicate
   pick tongue and to swallow the cherished mixture of saliva and
   seminal emissions that clogged her mouth to overflowing. He saw
   that her pale blue eyes were unseeing, clouded with lust, tears
   of rapture glistening at her lashes, as a patina of sweat formed
   on the upper surface of her cheeks. Her delicate nostrils flared
   as she struggled for breath through her lust and around the
   fleshy invader whose girth distorted her beautiful face as it
   plugged her oral cavity.

   The last threads of self respect and decency in Rachel's mind
   screamed with outrage as she hungrily suckled at the black rod.
   Her blue eyes beheld the man that was in this moment her master,
   the focus of her existence. She barely saw beyond the rod of
   flesh that held her spellbound to see the spayed cassock exposing
   the sprawled flabby charcoal thighs with their scabby covering of
   tightly curled black hair; the distended fat abdomen mapped with
   dark stretch marks rising like the black belly of a whale from
   just above his groin and the leering pig eyes staring from above
   the wide flat nose. Independent intellect fought a losing battle
   with primordial need as reason and pride slipped away as she
   slavishly groveled before the black staff. The studied
   intelligent girl within her, cried as it died poisoned by the
   corrupting bile of lust that reduced her to a creature controlled
   by a throbbing nub of needy nerves bathed in sexual secretions.
   Surrendering, she wedged herself further into the cleft formed by
   the old Padre's flabby thighs, rubbing her hard nippled breasts
   against him in a desperate effort to increase his pleasure.
   Above her the dark eyes of the old Padre stared from his black
   face sitting pumpkin like, supported by the fat rolls of his
   neck. He witnessed the obscene sight before him as the once
   proper young white woman groveling before him. His thick tongue
   darted from his corpulent face to licking his fat lips in
   pleasure. Rachel She searched his panting face for some shred of
   approval as she debased herself for his pleasure.

   "Suck it, filthy whore, suck the sinful lust from me, make me a
   pure instrument to do god's work," the old Padre wheezed in near
   delirium.

   Rachel flinched under the sudden verbal onslaught. The words
   raising goose flesh of pleasure along the curve of her arched
   back, disturbing the beads of sweat that dotted the flawless
   skin. She found solace in the obscene words as they confirmed
   the revelation she had had about herself. She knew now that it
   was true. She smiled as she raised the black rod, running her
   pink tongue along the length of the underside, pausing at
   intervals along it's length to plant loving kisses, then
   swallowed the length of it in in masochistic delight. The raised
   spear of flesh lanced into the back of her throat as she forced
   her mouth down it's entire length, her forehead glued to the
   underside of his bloated belly, she push with a force born of
   need and self hatred.

   "My god, help me, what have I become," her rational mind
   desperately cried out only to be doused by a gush of obscene
   pleasure at the Padre continued his verbal abuse. Her breath
   coming in snorts from her nose as she sought to breath around the
   plug of flesh imbedded in her throat.

   "Yes-s-s-s, take back the sinful lust that you have awakened
   slut," the Padre said with a groan as Rachel's lips met the
   prickly cushion of his spit matted pubic hair.

   "Lance the abscess on my soul that you have given rise to, take
   from me the puss of sin into the wretched whorish vessel that god
   has made of you."

   Losing all control and self respect, with a grunt, the young
   woman wiggled tighter between the old man's legs, pushing her
   pillowy breasts against his scrotum as she forced her mouth
   harder and harder onto the fleshy shaft. Tears formed in the
   young girl's eyes tears of anguish at that part of her she could
   not control, tears caused by the masochistic invasion of her
   viginal and tears of delight as she wallowed swinishly in her
   trough of sin.

   "You are the embodiment of woman, the evil slut whore that has
   since the Genesis has caused the downfall of man, take from me
   the sin that you have wrought through the ages, and satisfy your
   insatiable hunger!"

   The old man's hands clenched at Rachel's head as his cock
   ballooned in her throat. Rachel's throat was making the long
   elevator ride up the fleshy tower when it erupted in a fountain
   of thick rich sperm. The young girl could not stifle a cough as
   the thick cream clogged her esophagus, spraying the mucus like
   liquid from her nose and mouth spattering the skin of the old
   man's belly and his cassock.

   Lifting her sperm dripping lips from the glistening cock she
   plunged at the spewing delight, ruby lips wide, tongue extended
   in an effort to capture more of the yellowish cream fountaining
   from the old man's balls, seed stored for over 30 years
   fountained forth in gush after rich gush.

   Rachel's right hand cradled the old man's heavy balls kneading
   them in an effort to keep the spring flowing, her greedy tongue
   flicking out capturing the flow, till finally her lips sealed the
   runaway fountain and suckled at the tip greedily swallowing the
   viscous life giving fluid.

   The old man's hands fell to his sides as Rachel suckled on his
   cock. Her hand busily kneaded his testicles in an effort to coax
   more from the empty sacks. When she was satisfied that no more
   was to be had from the softening tube of flesh, she busied
   herself lapping the spilt cum from his belly and sucking the
   dregs from his curly pubes.

   The old Padre watched as the the young girl preened catlike as
   she licked her fingers and hands in desperate attempt to find
   every last drop of his delicious sperm. The wanton sight brought
   a life back to his deflating cock as the depravity of the the
   once pure teenager burned into his brain.

   Rachel could think of nothing but the thick wonderful jism that
   had spouted from the old man's cock. It was the wine and bread
   of her new communion, she savored it, running the dregs she had
   siphoned from his pubes and licked from his distended belly, over
   her lips and tongue. Her corrupted soul hungered for the pungent
   taste and smell of the viscous fluid, loved the way it made her
   teeth and tongue feel as it coated them with it's sticky
   sediment.




   Chapter 9

   Rachel's heart skipped a beat as she felt the flaccid cock
   growing in her hand. Her needy eyes searched the Padre's face as
   she kissed the growing cock in a superfluous gesture to encourage
   its resurrection. The fear that this might be a tease, that the
   Padre might be so cruel as to take from her this second delight
   was more than the lost teenager could stand, so needy was the
   throbbing between her supple thighs. The desire, the need, the
   maddening throb, like a new addiction, overwhelmed Rachel, she
   faltered, then the damn burst.

   "Please, give it to me, please, please give me...cock!," the poor
   teenager whispered as she bathed the black snout of the growing
   member with her little pink tongue.

   Without a word the old Padre unbuttoned the front of his cassock
   to reveal the enormity of his belly and the twin peaks of his
   drooping fat pectorals. The old man grasped the forearm of the
   19 year old and pulled her to her feet.

   Needing no encouragement, Rachel moved to mount the cock of the
   old man. Rachel swung one long muscular leg over the old man's
   waist like she was mounting a horse. She hunched herself up
   against his large paunch gripping it with her thighs. She
   supported herself with one arm on the back of the heavy wooden
   chair as she fished between her spread buttocks for the hardened
   black cudgel that she hungered for. As she leaned forward, the
   massive ivory globes of her breasts hung under her like water
   filled balloons, heavy and swollen. A small white hand found the
   throbbing staff and slid if up and down the slick grove of her
   swollen labia, finding and pressing the swollen black knob into
   the yearning mouth of her cunt.

   Their groans echoed one another as her flexing thighs pushed her
   split buttocks downward toward his pelvis. The woman forced the
   black ram slowly into her virgin guts, wiggling from side to side
   in an attempt to widen the channel and ease entry of the black
   invader. Her face knitted with concentration, Rachel licked at
   her bottom lip, tongue extended like a greedy sow. She forced
   more and more of the old man's cock into the unused channel of
   flesh, splitting asunder her maiden head, tender flesh parting
   before the ram of masculine muscle. Rachel reveled in a shower
   of masochistic feelings as she forced the thick cock into her
   tight wet cunt. The slow impossibly long ride down the old
   Padre's cock ended when she felt her swollen labia prick against
   the tight black curls around the root of his cock.

   Rachel felt impossibly full as the old man's cock expanded in the
   hot wet clasp of her cunt. She was sure they were forever joined
   as she felt the pulsing of his cock beat in time with her own
   labored breathing as she squatted bandy legged the expanse of his
   large belly forcing her knees apart at an impossible angle. Her
   knees and upper thighs rested astride the bloated abdomen of the
   old man, their groins touching only where her labia suckled
   around the base of his cock. Her large engorged clit being
   divinely tormented by the abrasion of his aboriginal pubes. The
   depraved teenager panted as she rested her cheek against the
   sweating mound of the old man's belly, her insides churned as her
   cunt pulsed and contracted around the fleshy alien invader. The
   teenager's mind was lost amid the competing feelings and
   cravings. The contractions of her own hungry cunt were answered
   by the instinctual throbbing pulses from the old Padre's long
   neglected crudgel.

   Rachel's long thighs flexed, raising the nursing lips of her
   labia from around his cock with an audible wet sound. Up and up
   the clinging lips rode, swabbing his cock as in a lingering kiss,
   her fleshy inner lips leaving his cock glistening as they drooled
   in their silent hunger.

   The young teenager halted her rise as she felt the bulbous head
   nearing the mouth of her cunt. Pausing, her cunt clenching
   uncontrollably, she dropped her hips down, lancing the fleshy
   spear back to it's full depth. The masochistic act brought an
   involuntary whimper from her as the bulbous head crashed against
   the fleshy stump of her cervix.

   The Padre moved only to capture a large hanging breast, directing
   its impossibly hard swollen nipple to his fat lips. He was
   content to watch the poor lost girl debase herself to please him
   as she let her own demented cravings control her once rational
   mind. The fat man rolled the teenager's finger thick nipple
   between his lips, nipping and chewing on the thick protuberance.
   Finally he captured the thick rough nub in the roll of his tongue
   and nursing on it with cruel force that brought a whimper from
   the lust crazed teen.

   Rachel's thighs flexed again and again, as like some demented
   engine she drove her pelvis up and down the rigid cock. Her
   labia swabbing and lubing the staff in an obscene parody of a
   cylinder and piston. The air was heavy with the stink of sex and
   sweat, the sour smell of the old man mingled with the sweet musky
   smell of young cunt as the two rutted like common animals. The
   silence of the room was broken only by Rachel's sow like grunts
   and whimpers as she struggled for release and an occasional
   wheeze and snuffling snort as the old man labored under the girl.

   The old Padre growled and grunted with appreciation as he gnawed
   on the girl's cow like udders, his fat lips smacking with
   appreciation at the taste of her virgin teats. His sharp teeth
   occasionally brought a squeal or whimper from the preoccupied
   teen as he worried first one tasty nipple, then the other,
   causing the fat fleshy fingers to swell under his constant
   sucking and chewing. Red marks and welts marred the vein mapped
   surface of the girl's pale oversized tits from the old man's
   merciless kneading and biting of the soft flesh.

   "You the foulest whore in god's sight. Take this sinful offering
   that you in your obscene depravity coax from me. Take upon
   yourself as as Christ did, the sins of a holy priest, so that he
   may better serve god," the Padre gurgled around the stiff nipple
   that filled his mouth.

   "Crack!," his free right hand came down upon the unprotected
   flank of the laboring girl.

   "Wallow in your depraved obscenity, lend yourself to purification
   at my hand," he said punctuating it with another sharp blow
   against her buttock and thigh.

   "Yea-s-s-s-s!, " the soulless girl moaned under the merciless
   hand.

   "Know that your damnation will prepare others for entry into the
   kingdom of heaven.," the old Padre grunted as he raised his
   flaccid buttocks to bury his dripping cock in to the guts of the
   eager grunting teen.


   "Crack!" another in a storm of blows rained down on Rachel's
   flanks as the old man railed at her as a godless whore, a pig a
   slut, the lowest creation on god's earth, a vessel for lust spent
   sperm, he chewed at the fleshy bags that pummeled his face as the
   young woman struggled to satisfy the maddening hum in the fleshy
   finger of her clit. The words of the old Padre rang like thunder
   in the ears of the godforsaken girl, pushing her closer and
   closer to the small death she sought. "

   "She was vile, she was a whore, a slut...she had become, was
   becoming everything her hypocritical parents had tried to
   prevent." she thought as she labored slavishly over the old
   man's cock. "And she loved it!!" she admitted to herself as her
   heart cried over the lost innocence.

   "I am a s-s-lut, a whore," she moaned. "Use
   me......p-p-p-ule-e-eze!" she wailed in abject surrender to the
   black rod of her new master. She finally knew who and what she
   was. No longer would she be ashamed of her voluptuous and
   prematurely ripe body. It was there for him, for anyone, to use,
   so long as they filled her, and gave her hot steaming cum. "Oh,
   god help me," her mind moaned.

   Their entwined bodies looked like some grotesque animal in it's
   death throes. The squelching of his bursting cock in her
   drooling quim sounded the tempo of her symphony of lust. The
   cramping in the girl's thighs was forgotten as she labored for
   release. An exquisite tension was building as her shoulders
   screamed with exertion. The old man's balls contracted suddenly,
   pumping stream after stream of yellowish cum in an endless geyser
   into the young woman's bruised cunt. The feel of the expanding
   cock, it's pulsing contractions and the hot flood of cum sent the
   girl reeling. Her pussy cramping in a string of mind bending
   contractions. Her eyes lost sight in a blinding white light as
   her nails cut furrows in the old man's fat chest. Her plump lips
   grew tight as she gritted her teeth and veins stood out in her
   neck. A crimson flush covered her bobbling chest as the old man
   chewed at her nipples and flailed her flanks. In her greedy
   quest for satisfaction she ground her groin against his scrubbing
   her maddened clit against the woolly root of his cock. The
   cramping in the girl's thighs was forgotten as she labored for
   release. Rachel was filled with searing wave after wave of
   obscene pleasure, her contracting cunt pumping out streamers of
   her own cum mixed with that of the Mulatto priest, their leavings
   forming a puddle beneath the old man's flaccid ass. A gurgling
   moan escaped her swollen lips as her orgasm ran its undulating
   course. Every fiber of her body was tuned to wring every
   delicious second from her delicious delirium. The explosion of
   obscene and depraved pleasure forever branded itself on young
   Rachel's being. Never would her life be the same.


   Rachel fell forward in exhaustion and shivered one last time as
   the remnants of pleasure strummed her clit. She wallowed there
   in a languid pool of depraved excess. Reveling in the obscene
   memory of the moment, she formed a mental picture of her flawless
   body sprawled across the nauseating fat form of the black priest.
   Their lust spent, sweat mingling. She breathed in the stink of
   the man and ran her delicate fingers through the sparse curls
   that dotted his fat sunken chest. Rachel reveled in the thought
   of what her righteous father would say if he could see her now.
   Or her unfaithful mother. Her freshly stretched and abused pussy
   throbbed at the wicked thought. She knew now that she would
   never be the same. She was an addict, not to the needle, but to
   the delicious high that a demanding cock could bring her. She
   wallowed in the delight of being used submissively, of being
   mastered by a stranger, any stranger, with a hard demanding cock.
   Somewhere within her the old Rachel cried as her pussy throbbed
   around the deflating black cock still filling her.

   The Padre caught his breath and pushed the girl from him as if
   she was suddenly repellent. Rachel fell to the sweat and cum
   speckled floor, staring upward at his dark face. Her eyes were
   drawn to the glistening black cock projecting through the half
   open front of his cassock. Rising up to her knees the abused
   form of the young woman she caught the dripping cock between her
   swollen lips, licking their commingled juices from the rod with
   rapacious delight.

   The old priest suddenly grabbed the girl's matted hair in his
   left hand.

   "You are to be a whore for god my child, but you must be cleansed
   of the lust you take unto yourself from others." He pulled her
   face upward by the blonde tresses he clutched.

   The pathetic young woman raised her face to his in desperation,
   looking for something, even she did not know.

   "It shall be my service to god to use this vessel of lust to do
   god's will" he said raising his right hand to the heavens. He
   then brought the hand down in a fist against Rachel's upturned
   jaw sending her into an oblivion of darkness.




   Chapter 10


   The old Padre sweated as he tied the last knot. The old Jesuit
   texts had been invaluable. The Jesuits new and understood, pain
   and humiliation cleansed the soul. What better way to cleanse
   the vessel of lust the young woman had become. The Padre tried
   to ignore the stirring in his groin as he looked at the
   unconscious young woman. She was on all fours, draped over a
   stool. Leather straps were secured behind her knees with
   buckles, the sections of old leather belts having been nailed to
   the floor. Her hands were secured in a similar fashion. Her
   head was hooded with an old black velvet bag from the sanctuary.
   The front of the hood came down to the tip of her delicate nose
   where it met the twin tined hook with blunt tines that
   disappeared into each nostril keeping her unconscious head
   upright it's weight resting on the cord suspending the hook. Her
   mouth was gagged by the thick nub of an old candle pierced and
   held in place by a cord around her head. The Padre strummed his
   finger on the taunt string that ran from her left nipple to the
   nail in the wooden floor. The reddish teat had already swollen
   and was turning a purplish blue.

   "How ingenious our the Jesuits were." he thought to himself.
   When the pitiful girl regained her senses, he would remove the
   stool and she would be forced to kneel her head kept aloft by the
   nasal hooks, and suffer the pain from the tight cords secured to
   each of the obscene projections of her filthy teats. The bonds
   assured that she could not move to relieve the pressure on her
   knees and arms. Attempts to do so would result in increased
   tension on nose or breast. She would have plenty of time to
   contemplate her new purpose in life, and service to god.

   The Padre's thoughts were interrupted by moans from the girl as
   she regained her senses.

   Rachel struggled to clear her head but every movement seemed to
   result in pain. Her heart pounding with terror, she blinked her
   eyes to clear them but saw only blackness. Her nose throbbed in
   pain but she was powerless to move her hand to explore her
   injury.

   "Slut," a voice said out of the darkness. "Soulless whore," you
   are doing penance to cleanse yourself of the lust you have
   partaken in the name of god."

   The past hours came back to Rachel in a flash, her skin burned
   with the realization of what she had done, her skin turned red,
   as embarrassment and excitement raced through her.

   She stiffened as a thick finger traced the tender length of her
   cum oozing quim.

   "God has ordained that you are worthy only to be a vessel of
   lust. You are fit only to receive the sinful lust of others,
   your womb shall be barren, poisoned by the sinful seed that is to
   fill it.," he chorled. "Like the sin eaters of old you will
   suckle the sin poisoned seed filling your belly, and then do
   penance, that other more worthy creatures shall be saved."

   "Godless whore, you shall remain here to contemplate your new
   life, until I return. Pray for forgiveness, and thank the lord
   that you have been chosen to serve him to this worthy purpose."

   The girl felt the surface her upper torso rested on being pulled
   from under her. The sudden shift of weight caused an increase in
   the pain in her nose. As she struggled to ease that pain she
   felt the pulling in her nipples increase. In panic she began to
   buck and pull at her bonds. The Padre chuckled at her struggles.

   "Poor child, you struggles only make it worse. Accept this as
   you must accept you new life."

   With those final words, the poor girl heard the Padre's footsteps
   fade and a door close.

   Rachel's struggles ceased as she found a position where the pain
   became a constant. Her knees throbbed, her wrists ached and her
   nose was numb. The burning in her nipples had become a dull ache
   as the long nubs had become engorged with trapped blood and
   turned blue black due to the tight twine that encircled them.
   Minutes seemed hours, and hours seemed like an eternity. Her
   empty quim was a mass of raw nerves as it throbbed with the
   memory of her willing violation. The memory burned hot as she
   relived the uncontrolled lust that had consumed her. She
   struggled to visualize her life only weeks before, but could not.
   It was as though the depraved acts of the last day had burned
   away the last vestiges of the young woman that had been her. In
   her place was a hollow shell of flesh, a dripping running cunt
   that begged to be filled. She had become a trollop, no decent
   man would want her. A hairy hole to be used as any man saw fit.
   She loathed herself, but reveled in the depravity. Pain brought
   her out of her orgy of self hatred as she realized she had
   deliberately rocked back on her haunches pulling against both the
   nasal hooks and nipple bindings bringing a fresh wave of pain to
   her dulled brain.

   Through the fog of pain that roared in her ears, the helpless
   girl heard the door open and the soft pad of multiple feet.




Chapter 11

     It was early in the morning as Hatori entered the rectory to do
     the regular cleaning and collection of soiled linens.  He stopped
     in mid stride when he saw the sight before him.  Tahio his son
     and the large mastiff nearly collided with him his halt was so
     sudden.  For a moment he was bewildered at what lay before him.
     He knew the old Padre would be gone till midday, but why was the
     young American girl displayed so?  It could only have been done
     by the Padre he reasoned, as he was her guardian.  A not so
     benevolent guardian it seemed.  Maybe he and the Priest had more
     in common than he thought.  Silently he approached the table
     looking for something that might explain the puzzle before him.
     He saw the old books and leafed through the Jesuit texts gleaning
     enough from the engravings to know what the priest was doing to
     the girl.  Why he could only imagine.

     "So primitive," he snorted under his breath.  Looking toward the
     girl, he motioned to his son to remain where he was, the large
     dog straining at his collar at the scent of musk heavy in the
     air.  He could not believe his good fortune.  He could think of
     nothing else since laying eyes on the American girl the day
     before.  He took his lust and frustration out on Maria these last
     few days.  Even now she suffered for his pleasure, tied and
     trussed with coarse hemp waiting his return.

     Rachel could sense a presence in the room, but could see nothing
     through the hood.

     "Look at de leetle missy" a familiar voice hissed.  "La Puta, si,
     Hatori?, the old japanese laundry man said as ran a rough hand
     over the smooth skin that clad the teen's finely muscled back.
     The thick muscles along her spine standing out in relief as her
     back arched.  His hands cupped her heavy breasts, drawing a
     whimper from the girl as it pulled on her swollen blue nipples.
     The old man's hand slid down the girl's back and around the curve
     of her buttock.  He cupped the firm flesh and squeezed it in
     appreciation.  He unceremoniously wormed a bony finger between
     the exposed lips of the defenseless girl's pussy, still slick
     with the Padre's leavings.

     "Can I fuckee, the Missee, papa?"  the youth babbled as he
     watched his father finger the girl.

     The naked girl shuddered not at the sound of the idiot babbling
     of the large oriental youth, but at the wave of delight she felt
     as the bony finger explored her bottom.  His other had joined the
     first, spreading her for inspection, the large nub of her clit
     rising in response.  She felt a feeling in her stomach, a feeling
     of near nausea, not at her exposure, her debasement, nor the
     repellent touch of the old man.  No, it was a sick empty feeling
     that they might leave her, that they might not use her.  Might
     not fill her with their filthy squirming seed.  This very thought
     should have sickened her, but she felt only satisfaction, that
     her womb might receive yet another baptism of viscous sperm.  The
     helpless teen began to buck and grunt around the candle that
     filled her mouth.  Trying to feel more of the maddening fingers
     that probed her exposed sex.  The old man used one hand to pry
     her slick labia apart, the old Padre's sperm still clinging to
     the sparse hairs.  Hatori sniggered to himself at the sight of
     the red raw flesh of the poor girl wet with the spent seed of the
     old priest.  Hitori grinned at the sight of the raised red finger
     of the girl's inflamed clit.  With sadistic glee he caught the
     livid bundle of nerves between the thumb and forefinger and
     pinched it cruelly as the the kneeling young woman thrashed and
     bucked in her bound position.

     The old man motioned to the retarded youth to bring the dog
     forward, the mammoth dog champing with agitation.  The old man
     jerked his fingers from the girl's privates and held them in
     front of the slobbering dog's muzzle.  The dog sniffed at the
     oily goo coating the Hatori's fingers and immediately began to
     lap at the musky smelling slime when the dog had finished with
     the man's hand his head raised his nose searching for the now
     familiar smell.  Tahio had a hard time restraining the large
     animal as he strained at the chain collar slowly pulling the
     youth toward the two half moons of the girls ass.

     Rachel jerked at the first cold contact of the dog's nose with
     the hot flesh of her quim.  Her nerve endings sparked and sizzled
     as the dog assaulted her exposed privates.  The poor girl made an
     inviting target, her tight ass cheeks standing tall and exposed
     on the firm columns of her long thighs.  Her lean buttocks stood
     high and firm, exposing her sex in the wide cleft between the
     firm cheeks.  The sparse blonde hair that covered her plump
     swollen labia fairly bristled, beaded damply with the the
     priest's slime.  Her swollen inner labia protruded out like some
     greedy tongue, red and swollen.  With a cursory sniff,
     Conquistador's broad tongue began to lap at the long labia, in a
     perverted parody of two lovers French kissing.  The dog seemed
     intent at plumbing the very depths of the poor girl's womb to get
     the mixture of musk and cum.

     Rachel thought she would die when she felt the old man remove his
     wriggling fingers leaving her open and empty.  She waved the
     split half moons of her ass from side to side in an obscene
     effort to recapture the feeling.  The wet touch of the dog's warm
     tongue brought a wave of excitement coursing through her.

     The wailing "No-o-o-o-o-o!  that rang through her mind when she
     deduced the true identity of the brute assaulting the treasure of
     her upturned pussy, came out a muffled moan through the plug of
     wax filling her mouth.  She began to thrash and jerk as the
     perversion invaded her mind and senses.  Each pull and jerk
     caused agony in her poor nipples and nose.  Pain and humiliation
     competed for space within the girl's consciousness.

     Rachel thought she had sunk to the depths of depravity, but she
     was wrong, the hungry ministrations of the dog's tongue began to
     assuage the girl's pain.  Once again the fire in her filthy cunt
     began to betray her.  A low pitiful whimper vibrated in her
     throat as the dog continued to lap at her.

     The old man stood watching the depraved display, idly squeezing
     the girl's left breast as it hung heavily beneath her, his own
     right hand rubbing the erection that tented the front of his
     loose pantaloons.

     "Tahio, Conquistador, no mas", he barked as he motioned with his
     arm.  His babbling son pulled the animal away from the girl, her
     elevated bottom wet with dogs sticky saliva.

     "Now Missee...we see if I feet yor leetle pussy...", he said as
     he fumbled with his pantaloons, shoving them to his knees.  The
     hooded girl was spared the sight of the old man's scab covered
     candy little legs as he waddled to the waiting girls elevated
     buttocks.

     The old man positively drooled at the cleft of flesh before him.
     The teen's firm buttocks were at his waist level, their muscular
     firmness creating a wide cleft in which the bruised slit of her
     pussy and pink rosebud of her sphincter could not hide.  No the
     wide glistening cleft of her ass, elevated on the muscular
     columns of her thighs displayed her charms obscenely.
     Impatiently, the old man fisted his rancid cock and waddled up to
     the charms the bound girl offer up to him.  He ran the knobby
     head of his cock up and down the angry red lips of the girls
     labia luxuriating in the slickness left by those before him.
     With a delighted grunt he rammed his warty shaft into the swampy
     cunt.  His claw like hands clutched the girls narrow hips and his
     pelvis began the rhythmic motion as old as time.

     Rachel moaned at this new invasion, her hips soon moving in time
     with the fleshy piston drubbing against her batter cervix.  A
     steady low moan growled in her throat, as her thighs flexed
     pushing her ass back against the pelvis that pounded against her
     upturned ass.  She knew she was truly lost as she thought not an
     instant of the cock or it's owner, but focused on the thrill it
     gave her, on how it's creamy load might taste and feel on her
     tongue.  He mind was lost in an effort to create an image of what
     it looked like lancing in and out of her poor battered pussy.

     The old man stared at the back of the girl though his slanted
     eyes, sweat dripping from the ends of his greasy mustache to drip
     on the upturned curves of her ass.  He watched the subtle flexing
     of her muscular back as she supported herself and pushed
     backwards against him.  "Such a whore she is, he thought", with
     contempt.  "It took over three years for him to train Maria, to
     the point that this young puta has come to in a day!"  he
     marveled to himself.  He watched as beads of sweat formed along
     the thick muscles of her spine and coalesced to pool along the
     hollow of her spine.  Drops from her proud upturned ass ran down
     to join the pool as she labored slavishly to milk his cock.

     The old man groaned inwardly at the soft flesh that encased his
     rod.  The warty growths of his ancient member chaffed and tore at
     the tender near virginal flesh that clung to it with each
     outstroke.  He could feel every squeeze of the girl's cunt
     muscles, deliberately milking him.  His eyes traveled upward at
     the motion of his idiot son, as he stood questioning by the
     girl's hooded head.  A grim smile spread across the old man's
     face as he nodded.  Fumbling with the cords knot, the spit wet
     candle soon fell with a clump to the wooden floor.  The youth
     next removed the hood, the girl blinking wildly as she became use
     to the light.  Her eyes brimmed with tears, from pain, relief or
     humiliation, it mattered not, as she wormed her ass backward as
     best she could, not missing a beat of the old man's tempo as his
     bony hips thudded into the muscular cheeks of her buttocks that
     she gladly offered up to him, arching her back back to make her
     quim more accessible.




     Chapter 12

     The bleary eyes of the young woman could see nothing but the
     large log of flesh before her.  Her head was still pulled harshly
     up and back by the tension of the nasal hooks, her mouth hanging
     open slackly now that the thick candle was gone.  Looking down
     her slender nose she as he brought the thick vein wrapped post
     toward her defenseless but eager mouth.  Her pink involuntarily
     darted out to wet the oval of her lips, as her eyes watched him
     pull back the delicate foreskin partially revealing the oversized
     fleshy knob, purple and gleaming wetly.  She saw the huge scrotum
     that hung beneath the wrist thick shaft, their contents hanging
     heavily fully the size of tennis balls.  The slick knob slid
     easily across her lips as the youth guided it into her waiting
     mouth.  Rachel's eyes seemed glassy as her tiny pink tongue
     explored the head beneath the delicate foreskin, her mind lost in
     contemplation of new sperm laden delights.

     Rachel was an automaton as her hips rocked and squeezed in an
     effort to please the faceless owner of the pleasuring cock.  Her
     mouth watered as she explored the hard rod of flesh that
     inexorably forced it's way into her mouth.  The insistent
     pressure against her mouth threatened to tear her nose from her
     face as the nasal hooks bit deeply holding her head in position.
     This increased the tension on her poor swollen nipples, looking
     like blue black strawberries from the restricted circulation.

     "Mmmmmpppf, grlllgl", the teen struggled for breath.  Near the
     edge of sanity, Rachel pushed back against the cock filling her
     mouth, forcing her jaw ever wider, her breath snuffling and
     spurting through her nose around the restraining hooks.  Rachel's
     mind threaten to dissolve, as she struggled to please the
     faceless man filling her bruised bottom, all the while she
     attempted to swallow the staggering length and girth of the cock
     forcing its way into her mouth.  The retarded boy babbled and
     giggled, a stream of slobber wetting his chin as he watched the
     girl swallow his mammoth rod.  Grabbing the helpless girl by the
     head, he began to imitate his father, pumping his enlarged cock
     in and out of the teenager's defenseless mouth as he blathered
     and giggled.

     "Lookee, papa, I fuckee the Missee......"  he babbled,
     unconcerned with any distress he was causing the unfortunate girl
     as his thrusts pummeled his groin against the unresisting girls
     face.

     "Good, boy-y-y-y-y-y."  the old man said with a shudder as his
     ancient balls spewed their rancid seed into the raw channel of
     the girl's cunt.  He clutched the prominent hips and welded his
     groin to the pale cheeks of the upturned ass and felt the girl
     push back against him as his foul spunk spewed against the
     dilated mouth of her batter cervix.  Asian and Negroid sperm
     competed in her cum clogged womb, wriggling out their brief lives
     for eggs that were not there.  The old man felt every pulsation
     of the young cunt around his old cock.  The wet velvet lining of
     her quim melded and kiss every crevass and warty knob on the old
     man's member, bathing the dry cracked surface with an ocean of
     musk that pumped from her young flesh in a seemingly endless
     stream.

     Rachel felt the old man's liquid explosion, but had only begun to
     climb the peak of pleasure herself.  Distracted by the twin
     penetration by the two men, the young slut had become to intent
     on pleasing them.  The youth's abuse of her mouth was made worse
     as she docilely tried to cover her teeth with her swollen lips to
     protect the invading cock from her teeth tearing and scraping the
     tender flesh of her mouth in a sacrificial gesture of submission.
     The boy cared little for her gesture as he plunged his cock into
     her throat to the roots, holding it there savoring the warmth and
     rippling convulsions of her throat as he triggered her gag
     reflex.  Jets of air sent mucus streaming down her upper lip as
     her breath exploded from the restricted airway of her nostrils.
     The boy held the young slut's head in an iron grip as she
     thrashed about trying desperately to breath around the cock
     buried in her convulsing throat.

     "Mmmmmmmmh, mmmmmmmfp", she gurgled as she felt the young boys
     heavy balls slap against her chin.  Wordlessly she felt the thick
     post become thicker as the shaft prepared to baptize her with
     it's rich cream.

     As the old man withdrew his ruined slime covered cock from the
     willing tramp's sodden cunt the he noticed that the girl was
     pushing her torso upward voluntarily making the thin cords
     encircling her painfully swollen teats cut further into the the
     tender flesh.  He sniggered to himself as he walked to where his
     son had tied the massive dog.  He untied the beast and sat to
     watch the spectacle.




     Chapter 13

     The great black beast immediately buried his snout in the girl's
     dripping quim, his thick tongue lapping up the mixture of the old
     man's spent seed and the musk drooling uncontrollably from the
     young slut's pussy.  Conquistador, shambled from side to side his
     tongue a blur as he struggled to get at every musky drop.  The
     greasy hair on Hatori's upper lip moved as his lip curled in
     amusement.  His slanted eyes never left the underside of the big
     dogs stomach as the red club of the dog's penis slowly extend
     from it's hairy sheath.  Ever since Hatori had acquired the large
     dog as a pup he knew that the dog's endowment was "special".  He
     had taken great delight in forcing Maria to allow the dog to do
     "whatever" the dog had liked in the 4 years he had had her.  The
     dog liked the smell and taste of women.  He had never needed
     encouragement to mount Maria, the first time had been when she
     was on her knees cleaning, and as it happened she had been in
     season.  He remembered the panic in Maria's face when the 200lb
     dog had mounted her.  Hatori had had to grab the surprised little
     hispanic by the hair to restrain her and after a few sharp blows,
     the young girl had let the dog have his way.  After that the dog
     had acquired a taste for her, using her just about as often as
     Hatori.

     Tahio's cock seemed on the verge of splitting its' own skin.  The
     pulsing of the choking girl's throat and the milking of her
     tongue along the underside of the sensitive shaft sent him over
     the edge.

     "He-e-e-e,uh-uh,huh-huh,hee hee" the moron babbled as his shaft
     exploded, his large balls sending pulse after pulse of cum into
     the girl's throat.  Gagging and struggling for breath, her breath
     exploded out of her nose carrying with it streamers of thick
     white cum that draped her lips and greased the great tube of
     muscle that continued to ravage her mouth and throat.  Pulse
     after pulse of semen, streaked with white ribbons of sperm
     splashed her throat and coating her tongue and teeth as the great
     cock continued to piston in and out of her face.  The poor girl
     could taste nothing but the delicious white spunk as it coated
     her tongue and cloyed her taste buds.  At last the boy withdrew
     the delicious prong far enough that she could suckle at the
     bulbous end.  The girl's cheeks hollowed suctioning as much of
     the thick cream as she could.  As it dribbled down her chin, her
     small mouth filled to overflowing.

     "M-M-M-M-h, a-a-a-h, M-m-m-muh", the teen mumbled as she
     struggled to suck and swallow every precious drop of the boy's
     thick sperm laden semen.  Rachel vaguely felt the new onslaught
     on her raw cunt as she bent to the delightful task before her.
     To the poor girl, the thick white fluid was precious nectar, the
     symbol of the new communion that marked the new covenant between
     her and those she sought to please.  Her old religious crutch had
     been replaced by a new and more powerful addiction.  She was
     forever to be a servant she knew.  Gone was the old Rachel,
     replaced by a groveling wretch, eager to please anyone, anyone
     with a hard spewing cock to fill her and to make her whole, to
     validate her new existence.

     Her eyes gazed upward at the face of the boy idiot as he withdrew
     the meaty prong she had been suckling.  The act drew a childish
     whimper from the girl, as though a child had been denied a toy.
     The shapely teen's petulance lasted but a second as her muscular
     back absorbed the full weight of the the huge black dog's chest
     and shoulders.

     "Uh-h-h-h-h, ah-ah-ah-ah!", the pretty teen groaned as her arms
     momentarily buckled under the weight causing excruciating pain in
     her nostrils as the hooks pulled at her tender nose.

     The large dog shuffled forward on his muscular hind legs, his
     great back forming an arch over the girl's kneeling form.  Each
     vertebrae of the dog's back stood out in clear relief under his
     sleek coat, his front legs grasping the sleek flanks of the
     trapped girl's torso.

     Panic born of the sudden pain rushed through Rachel's mind,
     realization fought through the fog of fear slowly.  Only when she
     heard the cruel mocking words of the old man's did she know how
     much further humiliation would go.

     The boy had joined his father to watch as the great dog struggled
     to take his turn at the willing slut.  The sleek columns of the
     girl's thigh rippled with effort to accommodate the dog's weight.
     The muscles in her firm arms and arched back stood out as well as
     they took up the weight of the 200lb dog.  Conquistador's member
     was nearly fully extended now, the thin hairy sheath still
     encasing the knob of the dogs knot fully 9 inches from the tip of
     the thick blunt nose shaft.  The bright red tube glistened, its
     surface mapped with thin purple veins.  Widest in the middle,
     it's blunt shape danced between the upright thighs of the teenage
     girl as it hung downward beneath the dog under its apparent
     weight.  Hatori could see the dog's great scrotum as if filled
     the gap between its muscular rear legs.  The dog's huge cock
     drubbed against the girls engorged clit as it hung too low to
     reach the leaking mouth of the girl's cunt.

     Realization dawned in the mind of the pretty young slut as she
     felt the constant maddening drubbing against her swollen raw
     clit.

     "No-o-o-o-o-!!  uh-uhnn", the pretty teen whimpered in pathetic
     resistance.  "The mongrel dog is mounting me", the beautiful
     girl's mind screamed.  She knew then that what the old priest
     said was true, she truly was the lowest whore in god's creation,
     a slut bitch, low enough to be the lover of a common cur dog.
     The thought hit her demonic licentious nerve like an electric
     shock, her guts knotted in exquisite anticipation, her skin
     prickling as the depravity of the act permeated her luscious body
     like a vile invisible poison, contaminating and degrading the
     flesh of her flawless body.  Every part of her responded, the
     tips of her tortured breasts throbbed as the thin cord cut into
     them, the majestic heavy bags of her tits swelled and throbbed
     and her raw and ravaged cunt gushed its liquid approval at the
     depraved thought of it.

     The last tattered shred of decency and self esteem of the
     beautiful teen died as her knees flexed to lower her bottom in an
     effort to offer an easier target for her bestial lover.  Reason
     no longer existed in the attractive girl's mind, only the desire
     to please, her bestial love, to play the cur bitch to the
     mindless beast.  The mindless desire to please, to get in return
     the wonderful release of the flesh had undone a lifetime of
     learning, of teachings.  The beautiful young slut clenched her
     eyes as she endured the pain that her efforts to captured the
     fleshy invader brought to her nose and breasts.

     Conquistador pranced and danced on his thick hind legs, his
     fleshy spear skittering between the bitch's thighs leaving slick
     trails across her stomach.  The dog's thick tongue trailed
     strings of saliva across the willing girl's muscular back as his
     hunched form seemed to meld with the arched back of the young
     human bitch beneath him.  His insistent pressure was matched by
     the backward push of her firm buttocks, both were rewarded as the
     blunt nose of the engorged red spear slotted between the sodden
     lips of her swollen labia, caught for an instance in the
     distended mouth of her raw cunt, then with a rush slid in to the
     hilt like a sword sheathing itself in her guts.




     Chapter 14

     "Uh-n-n-n-n-h", was all the poor girl could manage as the great
     dog cock speared into her it's blunt head crashing into her
     swollen cervix and sliding beneath it invading a portion of her
     abused cunt that had only recently been touched by the exploring
     fingers of the old japanese pervert.  The fleshy spear lanced
     forward to bury itself against the wall of her vagina stretching
     and bruising the tender resilient flesh.  The fingers on her
     bound hands dug into the wood of the floor, her eyes were wide
     but unseeing as the enormity, the utter depravity of what had
     just happened broke upon her.  "She had let it happen, No, she
     wanted it to happen, she willingly helped it happen", she
     thought.

     "You utter slut, you, sick perverted whore", her mind screamed
     out.  "You are worthless, you are the lowest creation on earth, a
     mere sperm sump, destined to be a haggard slut, diseased and
     forever marked by the debased sins you are willingly committing."
     These exhortations, the last whimper of the dying morality she
     had recently held rang hollowly in the vacuum of her mind.

     "Oh, yes, this is s-o-o-o- perverted, so-o-o- nasty,....and I
     love it," another voice in her head countered as she arched her
     back pushing her ass back towards her bestial lover.  The
     beautiful young woman seemed to wallow in the depravity of her
     situation.  Mere days ago she would have been physically ill at
     the thought of the act she now performed with relish.  Like a
     maggot squirming in the moldering filth of a decaying corpse, she
     bathed in the supreme depravity of the act and the degradation
     she willing pursued.

     The thick red canine shaft, fully 8' around at it's thickest
     point pistoned in and out of the groveling slut as the black dog
     rutted between her spayed cheeks that she willing offered up.
     All pretenses had been discarded, she willingly played the bitch
     to the humping animal.  The small mouth of her abused cunt
     stretched mouth like around the slick red member.  The strained
     tissue of her labia caressed the length of the slimy bestial cock
     as it withdrew only to rush back as the great animal's hips
     pounded out a rapid staccato against the firm globes of her white
     ass.  The red lips were stretched to a pale band wet with a white
     foamy paste as they tortured lips swabbed their mingled juices
     from the pounding rod like a hydraulic seal.  A puddle of drool
     pooled warmly on her back mixing with the beads of sweat along
     her arched spine.  The great beast's flews were flecked with foam
     from his exertions.

     The poor slut heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the huge
     dog and her own whimpering mews.  She rutted like a common cur
     bitch, playing whore to the mindless beast to satisfy his animal
     urge.  The beautiful slut licked her cum covered lips, her tongue
     protruding from her open mouth as if to make room for the huge
     animal cock that filled her to bursting.

     "Uh-h-h-h-h-h-h", she groaned as the blunt ram continued to
     bruise the far wall of her cunt.  It's rapid passage lubricated
     by her own secretions.  She struggled to take the punishing cock,
     to accept in return the wonderfully wicked feelings it gave her.
     Her red swollen clit was now pummeled repeatedly as the dog's
     knot pounded against her stretched labia.

     The old japanese stared with a wicked grin as he saw the dog's
     knot beating against the stretched mouth of the beautiful girl's
     quim.  No, he admitted to himself, it was too big.  The girl
     mustn't be hurt, today.  She was still the property of the old
     Padre.

     The two lovers seemed one.  The form of the girl, her pale
     flawless skin glistening with sweat, the huge dog arched over her
     laboring form, it's sleek black coat shining in the light, were
     joined by the wrist thick shaft of red meat.

     The pale skin of the beautiful slut began to flush as she neared
     her release.  The torment of her red raw cunt had turned to the
     tension of pleasure as her bruised clitoris continued to swell
     under the hammer blows of the dog's hardening knot.  She felt it
     before the mindless beast knew as she felt the red shaft swell to
     bursting, wringing yet another whimper from the bruised cum
     clogged throat of the attractive slut.  Suddenly she felt the
     first hot jets from the impossibly swollen cock bath the abused
     walls of her stretched cunt.  Jet after jet of hot dog cum washed
     the pain away in a soothing shower of bestial essence.  The rush
     of hot animal release sent the slut into a long mind bending
     orgasm, her dirty fingers scrabbling against the rotted wood
     floor, the toes of her filth caked feet curling as her tense
     muscles bunched and knotted as she found the rapture that she so
     sought.  She arched her sleek back, tensing the round globes of
     her buttocks in an effort to squeeze every second of pleasure
     from the humming nerves of her throbbing clit.  The crazed girl
     could feel the entire shape of the bestial shaft as it filled her
     bottom, pumping her full of it's life giving load.  Already her
     system was alerted to the flood of alien sperm and was beginning
     to annihilate the squirming hoard as it labored up the opening of
     her dilated cervix.

     A shudder wracked the beautiful girls body as the huge dog
     dismounted, his dripping cock dangling beneath him like an
     obscene red sausage.  In the after glow of her orgasm, the poor
     girl began to sob.  She cried with the realization that she was
     forever lost.

     The dog walked to the door and whimpered.  Hatori motioned to his
     son to remove the dog.  As the door closed behind the boy.
     Hatori fisted his cock as he watched the stream of dog cum run
     like a string of mucus from the stretched and dilated mouth of
     the beautiful girl's bottom.  He walked to the raised head of the
     girl and surveyed her swollen cum encrusted lips.

     "You suckee mee missee, and maybe I let the doggie have you
     again.  You like?, the old man chorled.  Rachel, had been born
     again, only as a mindless whore, a lowly slut.  The old Rachel
     would have died as the head of the bound girl struggled against
     the confining nasal hooks, to nod her head in agreement, as she
     extended her pink tongue in invitation to the old man's swollen
     cock.




     ** Chapter 15

     Alone in the now dark room, Rachel heard the door open as the old
     Padre returned.  She recognized his steps on the wooden floor,
     which stopped abruptly halfway across the room.

     The Padre paused and raised the lamp to better see the girl.  The
     sympathy he felt evaporated in a cloud of rage when he saw her in
     the lamplight.

     The beautiful girl's pale skin was streaked with dried semen, on
     the floor beneath her swollen open labia was a pool of congealing
     animal cum.  The skin of her round firm ass, once flawless was a
     network of scratches from the old Orientals scrabbling fingers.
     The hood that had covered her head was gone, her head was covered
     by a matted clot of blond hair.  The candle gag was gone, in it's
     place was a dried crust of cum around the girl's mouth.  Her lips
     swollen and puffy.

     "So, you truly have found your calling you brazen whore!!", he
     roared.  "Being a slut for god is not enough to satisfy your
     hungry cunt, you soulless abomination!!"

     The Padre walked to the wall and removed a leather scourge that
     some of the more zealous locals sometimes used during festivals
     to do penance.

     "Uh-h, Uh-h, No-o-o-o-o, the girl protested as the first blow
     landed on the smooth skin of her muscled back and ass.

     He began to flail at the helpless girl, her white white skin
     making an unmissable target.

     "You foul abomination, you are to god's purpose and none others,
     only he can debase you for his will.  You offer yourself up like
     a common slut, in violation of his will...."

     He eyes blurred and it was no longer the poor young vessel of
     lust before him but the hated woman that had once betrayed his
     with another.  He lashed out his anger at her, smashing the
     sneering smile, the faithless flesh that had robbed him of his
     manhood...

     The long leather tails of the lash raised livid red and blue
     welts across the flawless skin of the beautiful teens back and
     buttocks as the crazed priest bent to his demented work.  His
     arms knotted as he flailed at the helpless trembling form before
     him his black bulk towering over her as she groveled kneeling.
     The long leather tongues seemed to caress and lick the girl as
     they wrapped themselves lovingly around the curves of her jerking
     and trembling form, kissing her flanks and the sides of her heavy
     hanging breasts.  The beautiful young girl jerked and tossed
     bringing renewed agony to her discolored and swollen nipples, and
     the angry red pits of her nostrils where the cold steel hooks
     held her fast.

     Nothing was spared the unforgiving kiss of the lash.  The Padre
     paid special attention to the ripe wet target made by the cleft
     of her proud ass cheeks and the swollen dripping labia that
     nestled between the columns of her white thighs.  The merciless
     hard edged leather did its work without conscience, bringing
     piteous whimpers from the attractive young woman.

     Rachel's mind exploded with insane pain as the coarse leather bit
     into her sensitized flesh.  She thrashed and jerked but soon knew
     that any movement brought only more pain.  Soon the pain in her
     back, a swollen mass of hot welts gave way to the searing pain of
     her cunt as the old sadistic priest laid the lash into the
     swollen wet cleft between her legs.  Her whimpers were soon lost
     amid the heavy breathing of the old priest as he labored over his
     defenseless victim.

     "May god' save your unrepentant soul, you foul whore's spawn.."
      he wheezed as his anger abated.  His anger clouded eyes now saw
      the wretched sight before him and his heart clutched in
      sympathy.

     The bound girl, trembled before him, her once flawless skin now a
     network of livid red and blue welts, some weeped where the
     leather had nearly drawn blood.  Her pitiful whimpers were broken
     by quiet sobs, the floor beneath the girl spotted with tears
     amidst the drops of dried cum.  The old black Padre was ashamed
     for what he had done to the girl.  True she had behaved as a
     brazen slut for an unknown man or men, that was certain.  But,
     she had been in no position to prevent it.  His heart felt sad
     and he was sickened that he had lost control of himself and had
     in part enjoyed it as the throbbing in his groin attested.  He
     victimized the girl to assuage the anger he felt at himself and
     the betrayer of his heart.  He hurried to the poor teens side and
     gently unbuckled the restrains binding her hands and knees.  He
     cut the thin cords that cruelly pulled on her luscious breasts
     and lifted her semen stained face from the metal hooks.

     The poor girl looked at him with gratitude as she crawled from
     her perch, legs too numb to stand.  She faltered, her mind mind
     awash with memories of the days pain and pleasure.  The spark of
     lascivious depravity sprang into flame as she caught her
     reflection in the mirror that stood fastened against the wall.
     She looked intently, her pink tongue peeked out to wet her
     swollen cum encrusted lips.  Her beautiful hair matted with sweat
     and semen.  She raised a had to a swollen discolored nipple still
     painfully bound, and felt it's blood swollen sensitivity.  Her
     eyes beheld a wretch that she could scarcely recognize, bruises
     and welts covered her once flawless skin, dried yellow cum
     stained her face, and she could see the red raw flesh of her
     bottom glisten with others leavings and her own guilty
     secretions.  Without thinking the lost slut lowered her head to
     the floor as if to find comfort.  Her cheek pressed against the
     dirt of the rotting wooden floor.  Her tiny hands ventured back
     along her flanks, fingers splayed she gripped the firm cheeks of
     her abused ass and splayed them exposing the angry wet mouth of
     her cunt.  The thick red sentry of her clit was erect and
     swollen.  She arched her back and elevated her bottom as she
     wagged her splayed cunt in invitation to the old Padre.




     Chapter 16

     The morning sunlight leaked through the old shutters on the
     window and woke Rachel from her dreams.  The beautiful young
     woman's head swam with visions of spurting cocks.  She was
     imbibing from their creamy fountains, their viscous loads filling
     her mouth to overflowing, bathing her face and chest.  Other
     muscular tubes assaulted her cunt and ass, stretching her, their
     throbbing girths making her feel safe and secure with their
     filling presence.  The maddening throb of her swollen oversized
     clit under the persistent rubbing of the demanding cocks was a
     reassuring constant.  She was on a long liquid ride her heavy
     breasts swaying and bouncing with her labored exertions.

     The attractive young girl rose in a trance like state, barely
     aware of the actions she had willing performed over the last 48
     hours.  Her fall had been so far in so short a time that it too
     seemed a dream.  Each step reminded her it was reality, her new
     reality, she had become, of her own accord, a willing and
     enthusiastic whore, a slut to every virile cock that wanted to
     use her.  Her abused cunt was raw from the men and yes, beasts
     that had used her.  She felt the sticky wetness that still
     dribbled from her stretched and aching cunt.  It wet her bottom,
     the crevass between her firm cheeks thoroughly greased by the
     leftover sperm.  Her back and buttocks throbbed from the lashing
     she had received from the old Padre, her nipples, face and knees
     hurt too.  Then she remembered, the in her knees was from the
     fucking the old Padre had given her.  Her face burned with shame
     as she remembered offering her dripping bottom to the old priest.
     She could still feel how his cock slicked into her distended cunt
     on the spent sperm that coated her insides.  She could still feel
     the raw ache as her knees and cheek, grated across the old wooden
     floor as the old black Padre had fucked into her upturned cunt
     with a maniacal fury.  She remembered the insane lust she felt as
     she helped in her own degradation.  She recalled the cramping in
     her stomach as she used her strong supple muscles to milk the old
     man's cock, how she had reached back to fondle and cradle his
     swaying balls, trying to make it good for him.  Her last memory
     was of the long orgasm she had as she pinched at her swollen clit
     with her own grimy fingers, scratching and clawing at the
     sensitive nerve bundle to heighten her own pleasure as the old
     priest filled her raw and aching young cunt with the dregs from
     his withered balls.

     The beautiful 18 year old walked to the hook on which hung the
     simple cotton peasant dress, all that remained of her belongings.
     The Padre had removed her suitcase and other belongings.  Even
     denying her footware.  She raised her arms painfully, the welts
     and bruises crying out from her movements.  The light from the
     window shone across the broad white expanse of her large breasts
     as she put on the old dress.  Her heavy breasts swayed within the
     loose confines of the dress, the long fingers of her red nipples
     clearly visible through the light fabric.  She walked out of her
     room and down the dark hallways of the church.  She dreaded what
     awaited her at the laundry.  Her dread was mixed with a sick
     sense of anticipation.  What did she have to hide from them?
     They had taken her, they had degraded her in a way that was
     beyond her imagination.  And still she was excited at the
     prospect what might await.  She stepped from the dark church into
     the bright light of a new day.




     Chapter 17

     The young missionary girl walked into the laundry, her bare feet
     leaving dust footprints on the floor.  The front of the shop was
     empty, the wash area vacant.  She continued to the back looking
     for Maria or Hatori and his son.  The thin cotton of her dress
     had already begun to cling to her in the hot humid air of the
     shop.  Her large breasts joggled heavily on her chest within the
     loose confines of her dress, their size and weight pushing the
     front open, as her crude belt tried to hold the front of the
     dress closed.  She walked into the back of the shop and paused
     momentarily as her eyes adjusted to the relative darkness.  Her
     breath caught in her throat, her saliva rising as she saw the
     sight before her.  There the young Bolivian girl, Maria was on
     her knees naked to the waist, Tahio's log like cock filling the
     girl's mouth.  The girl's thick black hair hung down, obscuring
     her face as she bent to her task.  The large mixed breed cur was
     busily lapping at the crevass of the young girl's swaying bottom.
     Tahio's large right hand played with the dark brown saucer sized
     nipples that capped the girl's large tan breasts.

     Her bottom throbbed at the realization that she had looked like
     this only last night.  Rachel could tell that this was not the
     first time for Maria, her small hand kneading and caressing the
     wrinkled sack of the boy's oversized scrotum with practiced
     motion.  Mews and whimpers of satisfaction came from her gorged
     mouth as the boy's hands tormented the girl.

     Rachel had but an instant to feel the fleeting pangs of jealousy
     and envy that blossomed in her.  Bony hands gripped her shoulders
     and pulled her toward the waist high counter.  The beautiful girl
     offered no resistance as the old man pulled her toward him, she
     could not pull her eyes away from the huge pistoning cock locked
     between the hispanic girl's lips.  The hungry smacking and
     gurgles from Maria's lips filled the pretty American's head as
     she felt the old man's bony fingers at the neck of her dress.
     The young girl refused to pull her eyes away from the lascivious
     display, as the old man peeled the thin cotton dress away from
     her shoulders and pushed it down her eyes to bunch uselessly
     around her waist.

     The old japanese looked at the tall American girl before him.
     The withered yellow skin of his hands contrasted with the pale
     white skin of the girl's naked torso.  The old man's slanted eyes
     narrowed as he saw the livid red and blue welts that marked the
     girl's shoulders and sides.  He ran a withered finger along a
     livid blue line that marked the creamy white side of one of the
     girl's heavy breasts.  The compliant girl seemed in another world
     as his bony finger traced the circumference of her pink aureole,
     it's surface erupting into a forest of bumps as it contracted,
     the long thick nipple that crowned the mound of flesh hardening.
     The old man scooped up one of the huge mounds in his withered
     hands, marveling at it's heavy firmness.

     Rachel stood lost in envious desire unable to pull her eyes away
     from the carnivorous display as the girl swallowed the huge
     yellow cock.  Suddenly she felt the old man's warm mouth engulf
     the aching nipple of her left breast.  She looked down as the old
     man's rotting teeth sank into the sensitive flesh of the swollen
     mound.  Her heart leapt as the familiar twisting knot flowered in
     her stomach, its tentacles reaching out to strum the bundle of
     nerves between her trembling legs.

     A feeling of bliss came her at the feel of the old man's tongue
     as he suckled hungrily at the swelling nub of flesh locked
     between his lips.  The sensitive, bruised nipple swelled as he
     sucked and chewed at the tasty flesh.  Releasing the one, he
     turned his eyes to the other.  Unbidden the girl lifted the heavy
     bag of flesh with her own hands, lips bared in a tense smile, she
     offered the luscious orb to the foul hungry mouth of the
     perverted old man.

     "Uh-h-h-h-h, M-m-m-m-m-h," was all that escaped from the young
     sluts lips as she stood head back, slack jawed as the wizen old
     man feasted on the flesh of her heavy swollen breasts like a
     nursing child.

     "You suckle", the old man demanded as he pushed the tall blonde
     girl to her knees before him.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m", was all the beautiful teen could manage, as not
     yet on her knees her hands shot out eagerly to pull his
     pantaloons down as she willingly fell to her knees.


     The beautiful young missionary girl mumbled happily as she bared
     the old man's gristly uncut rod.  The warty shaft that had so
     recently used her, loomed over her eager face like a ship's
     bowsprit.  She cooed excitedly as she eagerly nestled between the
     old man's spindly splayed legs.  She smiled up at her tormentor
     as her little pink tongue snaked out to bath the drippings from
     the day before from the stinking spear of flesh.  She lovingly
     tongued it from the matted sparse pubes at it's base to it's
     swollen discolored knobby head.  Only days before she would have
     gagged at the mere thought of what she willingly and happily did
     now.  She gurgled with delight as she lapped the milky discharge
     from cock's leaking tip.  She lovingly kissed the tip, licking
     from her swollen red lips the thick discharge, then engulf the
     head in her anxious young mouth.  The old man leaned back against
     the counter and watched the young white woman make love to his
     old diseased cock.  His eyes burned into the girl as she bent to
     her thankless task.  He ran his calloused hands over her soft
     skin, capturing a swollen red nipple to torment.  He rolled it
     between his thumb and forefinger, twisting and pulling it
     viciously.  The gurgles and wet slurping coming from the
     beautiful girl were music to his old ears.  He watched as the
     young slut worked herself in a frenzy as she tasted his rancid
     pre-cum.  He groaned as the teen swallowed the length of his
     cock, swirling her tongue around the rigid length.

     The wanton slut could hear the babbling of the retarded youth as
     he filled the mouth of the pliant young hispanic girl with his
     genetically defective sperm not three feet away.  She quickly put
     it out of her mind as she lovingly caressed the old man's balls.
     She could smell his stink, a combination of days of sweat and
     sex, and his unwashed ass.

     "Oh, god", she moaned in her mind as her pussy frothed at the
     disgusting depravity of it all.  She loved it, she wanted more,
     she wanted the old man and his son, wanted them to take her, to
     hurt her, like the old Padre had.  The old Priest had opened a
     door to the dark side of her soul.  Male cocks, any cock, was her
     world, the old Padre's cock had lanced into her soul and released
     the foul abscess of repressed feelings.  She wanted the pain, the
     humiliation, the degradation that only hard spurting cocks, hard
     unforgiving twisting pinching hands and the dominating minds
     behind them could inflict upon her once viginal flesh.


     The old man suddenly gripped the girl's head and pumped wad after
     wad of yeasty cum into the girl's throat.  The young American
     teen gagged reflexively pulling her mouth back down the lovely
     shaft.  An errant gout splashed across her cheek as she quickly
     captured the head to suckle at the spouting tip, filling her
     mouth with the watery rancid cum that erupted from the old man's
     withered balls.  Her clear blue eyes looked up at the unforgiving
     face of the old japanese.  She saw no mercy there, looked for
     none, she wanted only one thing from him, his cock!

     Hatori gazed at the lovely face of the young white teen.  A
     strand of his yellowish cum dripped from her cheek to the side of
     her full breast.  Even beneath the layered filth, the bruises,
     the dried cum, there was perfection.  He would break her, ruin
     the young woman so that no decent man would want her.  He would
     degrade her till she would willing offer herself to the lowest
     gutter dweller and suck any cock offered her.




     Chapter 18

     "You will stand quietly, missee", the old man hissed.

     Sweat dripped from the nose of the beautiful young woman in the
     heat of the small room falling on her bared breasts.  The deep
     cleavage between her two immense breasts was damp with
     perspiration as well.  She stood there meekly her cotton dress
     bunched around her waist.  He tongue nervously licking the old
     man's spent cum from her lips.

     Her cheek was livid from the open hand slap she had received a
     few minutes earlier.  She had followed the old man in to the
     small room off his living quarters and he had positioned her
     under a large heavy beam and then for reason, slapped her across
     the face with all his strength.  A sneer was all the response she
     got when she searched his face for an explanation.

     "Had she failed to please him", she asked herself.  "Hadn't she
     siphoned the foully delicious sperm from his withered balls,
     licking and lapping at his deformed cock?"

     "Missee will remove her dress, please", the old man said as he
     stared at her intently, his smile baring the stumps of his rotten
     teeth.

     The beautiful girl did as she was told, untying the simple belt
     that preserved her remaining modesty.  The cotton dress fell to
     the floor revealing her once perfect body, now bearing the marks
     of a common whore.  Welts from the lash criss crossed her back
     and flanks, her long swollen nipples stood out, still impossibly
     long thick and swollen, circled with bruises and hickeys from
     abusive and demanding mouths and teeth.  The white vein mapped
     surface of her large breasts bore the finger marks of the men
     that had used her.  The lips of her abused cunt were red and
     swollen beneath their sparse covering of fine blond curls, the
     red swollen finger of her clit protruded out like some obscene
     appendage, beneath it her long inner labia hung like an inverted
     cock's comb red and raw, quivering with her every move.  Lash and
     the finger marks of the men that had recently used her.

     The old japanese laundry man was a flurry of activity as he bound
     her hands, the rough hemp rope chaffing the skin of her slender
     wrists.  He roughly pulled her Once the old man was finished he
     hoisted her arms above her head to the point where she had to
     stand on her tip toes to take the weight off her wrists.  Her
     huge breasts were drawn upward sagging only slightly with their
     own weight, the round globes full and taunt.

     The old man quickly secured the young woman's ankles and drew
     them slightly outward and apart, resulting in more of her weight
     falling on her wrists.

     "I am master of nawa shibari", the old man stated.  "You will be
     my new subject".

     The teen clearly did not understand, her face vacant.

     "I will create with the ropes, a work of art, of pain, of
     torment."  he said.  "You will come to love the ropes".

     With this he set to work.

     The thin ropes of the shinju constricted her breath, but the
     worst was how the rough hemp chaffed the bruised skin of her back
     and breasts.  The old man showed great skill, the hemp lying
     closely together where it circled her torso above and below her
     large breasts, squeezing them into an immense shelf of flesh that
     projected outward from her chest.  Under her arms the cords were
     circled again cinching the cords tighter creating a rope vise
     that squeezed the firm flesh of her breasts in it's biting
     embrace.

     Rachel felt as if here chest was encased in a vise, she hungered
     for air, only to find that the embrace of the rope only allowed
     for shallow breaths.  In time she became lightheaded and the
     panic subsided to be replaced by a feeling of serene security as
     her mind lost focus.

     The hands of the old man continued there craft as he selected a
     hemp rope of thinner diameter and began to encircle each of the
     girls heavy breasts.  The first loop bit into the billowy flesh
     near its base where it ballooned from her chest.  Each successive
     loop lay close to the first biting deeper and deeper into the
     constricted flesh.  The cord was thin enough that twelve loops
     made a a band of solid hemp two inches wide at the base of each
     breast.  The heavy tits of the girl projected nearly horizontally
     constricted as they were by the rope corset, drooping like
     lopsided ice cream cones as the compressed mass of flesh oozed
     out and hung down.

     Hattori's wrinkled face split in a grin.  "Missee, see the color
     of your big titties are changing already."  he said with
     satisfaction.  "The tight ropes make blood pool in your big
     titties, they make stretch and swell!!"  he said with a giggle.
     "Titties become even bigger!!"

     The attractive girl's oversized breasts were changing color.
     Their normally pale surface marked only by the traces of livid
     blue veins visible beneath the translucent skin had changed to a
     deep red, as blood began to pool in the massive bags.  The old
     man turned to the table, he was little interested in the woman
     now, only the end result of his handiwork.  Maria's breasts had
     swelled to immense distorted globes, he knew this young slut's
     tits would surpass even that.  He sorted through several pieces
     of split bamboo and found several that were a quarter inch wide
     by four inches long.  He deftly split the flat sections
     lengthwise between two joints.  He turned to the beautiful young
     woman and harshly twisted her long nipple.  He worried each one
     in turn until they stood out longer and thicker than the first
     joint of his little finger.  He bent the bamboo sections toward
     the girl's rigid nipple so that the slit he had made opened and
     carefully fit the swollen teat between the sharp jaws.  With a
     simple release of the strip the halves closed brutally on the
     sensitive bud.

     "Oh-h-h-h, no-o-o-o-o-o-o, ple-e-e-e-ez-e-e-e", the beautiful
     girl gasped as the pain roused her from the stupor induced by the
     constricting ropes.

     "H-e-e-e-e-e-e, Missee, no like?"  the old man sniffed.  He
     quickly snapped the other bamboo piece on the remaining nipple.

     "Hm-m-m-m-m, tittie, swelling nicy", he said as he harshly
     squeezed the girl's discoloring right breast.  The color had
     turned from read to bluish crimson.  The breast no longer lapped
     over the constricting rope band, but was beginning to stand
     further out as the internal fluid pressure increased and the skin
     took on a shiny sheen as it stretched and billowed outward.

     The old man turned and knelt between the helpless teens
     attractive legs.  He gripped the girl's inch long clit, and
     brutally captured it in another bamboo clip.

     "A-a-a-a-a--e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e", the girl screamed, her body going
     rigid as she thrashed and pulled at the confining ropes.  The
     livid red nub of her clit looked as though it might burst from
     the confining grasp of the thin bamboo strips.  Hatori had one
     additional task.  He quickly confined and secured the lips of the
     the young girl's cunt between two smooth sticks, securing the
     ends tightly with strands of string.  The thick swollen slabs of
     flesh were pressed tightly together constricted to pass through a
     mere quarter inch space.  The old japanese fingered the slabs of
     feminine flesh as they immediately began to swell, looking like
     hanging strips of sirloin as they discolored.  Hatori new that
     time alone would now inflict the pain he wanted and the girl
     needed.  He turned and left the room to find Maria, his ancient
     cock twitching in his pantaloons as his withered balls churned.

     Seconds turned to minutes in the dim light of the room.  Rachel's
     beautiful face was partially hidden by strands of damp blond hair
     as her head hung down limply.  Her once bright eyes were dulled
     from the unceasing pain.  The smooth skin of her face now lined,
     eyes sunken from the continued stress.  The pain in her wrists
     was all but forgotten as the throbbing in her breasts and cunt
     increased with each passing minute.  Her red rimmed tear blurred
     eyes looked with disbelief at the bluish red monstrosities her
     once large but perfect breasts had become.  Bulging veins were
     visible through the shiny stretched surface of her skin.  The
     pooling blood had caused bruising as small vessels ruptured under
     the pressure.  She saw with horror the incredible size her
     swelling blue tits had gained, fully half again as large as
     normal, the grotesque bladders standing out starkly against the
     pale whiteness of her torso.

     Slowly the horror gave way to satisfaction as self-loathing
     replaced fear, hatred and disgust was redirected inward as
     realization dawned once again that she like this and that she had
     sunk to yet another, newer depth of depravity.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-mh", she moaned as she moved her torso from side to
     side causing the heavy distended bags of her breasts to swing
     from side to side.  They looked like bluish swollen water bags,
     skin taunt to bursting, slapping from side to side, stretching
     and pulling in exquisite pain.

     "Missee, like h-m-m-m-m-m?, the old man whispered from the
     shadows.

     He stepped forward and captured one heavy swinging breast, and
     squeezed it harshly, his fingers barely denting the swollen
     hardened bag.  From his left had he held a loop of leather
     fastened to a large hollow gourd.  He quickly looped the leather
     around the bamboo fixed to her painfully swollen nipple.  He
     affixed one to her other breast and yet another to the sticks
     binding her swollen labia.

     "Maria!  hai!!", was all he said as he left the room.  He was
     replaced by the stooped form of the young Bolivian girl carrying
     a bucket of sand.  She quickly added sand from the bucket to each
     gourd until they were half filled, ignoring the moans from the
     young American missionary.

     In truth, Rachel moaned from pleasure and pain as the weight
     pulled at her tender flesh.  Stretching and pulling the sharp
     edged bamboo drew blood as it cut into her hard swollen nipples.
     She could feel and reveled at the stretching she felt in her
     swollen labia and remembered how the hard cock of the old Padre
     had felt as he stretched her virgin pussy.

     Numbness had set in before an eternal hour passed and the girl
     returned to finished filling the gourds.

     Two hours passed when the old man returned and punctured the
     girl's now impossibly swollen breasts with thin slivers of
     bamboo.  With each prick fat bubbles of crimson bloomed on the
     taunt blue surface of each breast dribbling streamers of red down
     the teen's pale torso.

     When the numbness set in once more, the beautiful girl's face
     split in a depraved and indifferent smile.

     "A-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-h-, yes-s-s-s-s-s-s-s, she moaned between
     clenched teeth as she began to move her torso from side to side,
     the heavy sand filled gourds swinging from side to side, pulling
     and stretching her swollen flesh.  Small rubies of crimson
     sprinkling the floor around her as rich red drops dripped from
     her ravaged nipples and breasts filling the air around her with a
     red haze.




     Chapter 19

     Rachel stood suspended in the sweltering room.  Her long blond
     tresses hanging in damp matted strings about her beautiful
     sweating face.  Her shoulders throbbed dully, their joints
     stretched by the ropes around her wrists from which she was
     suspended.  Her head hung head hung slackly, drool leaked from
     her swollen lips trailing down her delicate chin to drip into the
     chasm of her cleavage.  Her eyes were half closed as if drugged,
     as unseeing as her ears were unhearing.  Only the dull roar of
     pain and need filled her senses.  The delicate hands at the end
     of her slender arms were blue from the lack of circulation, the
     sweat from the pits of her harms had mingled with blood to stain
     the hemp ropes that formed the karada that criss crossed the pale
     skin of her torso, the diamond pattern cutting deeply into her
     smooth white skin.  The shinju wrapping that bordered her
     enormous breasts constricted her breathing inducing her near
     catatonic state.  The wrappings at the thick base of each breast
     were buried in the swollen flesh, appearing like the stems of two
     enormous mushrooms, the delicate flesh of her tits, ballooning
     out like the obscene bluish red caps.  Their flesh so engorged
     with with trapped blood that their skin had a glossy sheen, veins
     raised angrily along their surface, nipples impossibly thick and
     prominent.  Her pale torso was striped with the dried blood from
     her pricked breasts.  Despite her pleas the old man had
     thankfully removed the weighted gourds and the bamboo clamps from
     her nipples and clitoris to prevent permanent damage and
     disfigurement.  Like some pathetic autistic, the beautiful girl
     had sought sharp self induced pain to pierce the dull throbbing
     ache of her bondage, and the self loathing she had for herself.
     The loathing and the freedom of self degradation and depravity it
     gave her was like a drug.  She knew now there was no limit to
     what she could endure if it gave her pleasure.

     The dull ache in her hips increased with time.  The rope securing
     her right foot was still in place.  Her left leg was now hoisted
     up hanging from the same beam that supported her arms.  Bound
     around the knee, her left leg had been hoisted up, her thighs
     cranked apart till the muscles and tendons of her inner thigh and
     buttocks stood out in bold relief.  The sadistic old man stepped
     into the room, his pantaloons bearing a dark stain that outlined
     his cock.  The secretions of the Bolivian girl mingled with his
     own staining the dirty fabric.  He approached the young American
     girl and fingered her exposed pussy.  The twin sticks were still
     in place constricting the swollen lips of her labia.  The
     beautiful teen barely moved as he played with the obscenely
     swollen tongues of flesh that were her labia minor and majora.
     They hung heavily down thick and swollen with the blood, the two
     tied sticks acting as a thin vise.  Above the thick slab like
     lips, projected her clitoris.  Abnormally large under normal
     circumstances, the normally half inch bundle of nerves was angry
     red, its thick hood retracted, it stood proud as if asserting
     dominance and control over the willess girl.

     Knife in hand, one quick stroke freed the girl of her torment.

     "A-a-a-a-a-ah, oh-h-h-h-h-h", the girl suddenly moaned as the old
     man's practiced hand deftly sliced the string holding the stick
     vice in place.  The agony of returning circulation piercing the
     curtain of pain that dulled the attractive woman's mind.

     Rachel floated in bliss as cool compresses bathed her tortured
     bottom.  The agony of hot pins was cooled by soft tender
     caresses.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-h", she sighed.  He lidded eyes opened slits,
     her mind racing with confusion as she saw the sleek back of the
     huge k-9.  Conquistador's foaming muzzle was pressed to her
     exposed crotch, his thick tongue dueling with the thick slabs of
     swollen flesh that were her labia.  "No-o-o-o-o-o-o", was all she
     could manage before she surrendered back to the exquisite feeling
     of the cool wet tongue against the tormented flesh of her cunt.
     The lost teen rode the cloud of bliss for several minutes as the
     beast's tongue probed and wormed into every crevass formed by the
     swollen thick flesh.

     As suddenly as it began it ended as Tahio, the babbling retard,
     pulled the large dog from the room.  He returned quickly, his log
     of a cock swaying ponderously between his muscular thighs.  The
     uncircumcised head peaked tentatively from beneath the thin
     foreskin, the thick veins encrusting its surface pulsing with the
     oriental teens excitement.  He waddled toward the girl, thick
     cock swaying as he looked to his father sitting quietly in the
     dim corner.

     "You must ask for his cock Missee", the old man said as he
     fingered his thin mustache.  "You must tell the boy that you want
     him to fuckee your hungry leetle pusseeee."  he said with obvious
     delight.

     The attractive girl turned her head in obvious confusion first to
     the old man then down to the wrist thick cock swaying between the
     boys legs.  Her hooded eyes widened with a soulful need as she
     greedily feasted her eyes on the hard rod of male flesh.  The
     purple head of the majestic lance waved back and forth with the
     boys heartbeat, hypnotizing the beautiful girl.  The roles
     reversed, the snake charming the charmer, the lost teens lips
     mouthed the words involuntarily.  No sound passed the dry cum
     encrusted swollen lips as she tried to vocalize the need that
     flared white hot, consuming her being.  Her small scarlet tongue
     licked her cracked lips, the taste of dried sperm burst across
     her tongue as her uncontrollable need vomited forth in a pathetic
     soul wrenching wail.

     "Pu-u-u-u-le-e-e-e-e-e-z-z-z-z-z , I-I-I n-e-e-e-e-e-d yo-o-o-u-r
     c-o-o-o-ck....!"  the broken girl wailed as her hungry eyes
     devoured the boys staff.  "G-g-g-g-g-ive it to-o-o-o-o
     me-e-e-e-e, pul-e-e-e e-z-e!"  she pleaded as tears welled in her
     eyes.  She thrust her hips forward as much as her awkward
     position would allow ignoring the pain in her throbbing shoulders
     and legs, the awful gnawing addictive need in her empty cunt
     overriding her true physical pain.

     A nod from his father was all the boy needed.  Grasping the thick
     yellow tube of muscle with one hand, he bent at the knees in
     order to slot the huge purple head between the thick swollen lips
     of the girls vagina.  He slowly straightened his legs pushing the
     thick cudgel in to the yawning mouth of the girls sex.  The
     retard grimaced and let loose a torrent of babbled nonsense at
     the terrific pressure exerted on his cock as he forced it into
     the stretching mouth of the eager girl's cunt.  The hulking youth
     flexed his thighs moving the first 4 inches of his club in and
     out in an attempt to lubricate the thick invader.

     "Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh" the girl moaned as each new thrust expanded
     another inch of her nearly unused twat.  Her cuntal channel
     expanded inch by exquisite inch, painfully melding itself every
     vein, every undulation of the boys dominating rod.  It seemed
     forever to both the young teen and the hulking boy before his
     curly pubes met the swollen lips of her sex signaling success.

     "She had taken all of him," she thought with misplaced pride.
     She had watched Maria suck the magnificent rod, but she had it
     all sheathed in her cunt.  It was her's.

     The boy luxuriated in the hot wet clasp of the girl's cunt.  He
     slowly began rhythmic thrusts that battered the helpless girl
     against the hemp restraints, cutting into her flesh.  On strong
     thighs he thrust up again and again, raising the girl and
     piercing her guts with his lance of muscle and gristle.  The girl
     was lost in bliss as he gored her over and over again, her head
     lolling on her fine neck in a lust induced stupor, her luscious
     mouth locked in a dreamy smile.  The boy's fleshy horn punished
     the girls insides as it drubbed against her bruised cervix,
     battering the walls of her dilated and stretched womb.  The boy
     buried his large hands in the swollen blue flesh of the young
     woman's bound tits.  Lifting the heavy swollen bags to his mouth,
     he bit and chewed on the thick teats that sprouted from the
     crinkled swollen aureoles.  Rachel responded by delighted moans
     that gurgled around her tongue as she greedily milked her cunt
     around the invading cock.

     Sitting in the dim corner forgotten by the lust intoxicated girl
     was the old japanese.  He watched as the broken girl surrendered
     to the lust that consumed her.  His old cock responded to the
     depravity he witnessed, not the acts inflicted on the once
     innocent young American, rather the degradation and perversions
     she was willingly inflicting upon herself.  Her soul and self
     esteem had rotted and was dribbling out of her gaping cunt.  She
     shrugged off all the indignities and violations heaped upon her
     flesh and acted like a greedy sow begging to be stuffed with hard
     cock.

     The old man ruminated upon this as his retarded son abused the
     beautiful teens cunt, his oversized cock sluicing in and out of
     her stretched orifice with a wet smacking sound.  He knew the
     girl could take only so much despite her pleadings for more.  The
     ravenous demon between her legs cared not for her well-being,
     only it's own debauched satisfaction.  He had learned this to his
     sorrow many years ago when he had broken another such as this and
     had taken her to her limit and beyond only to find she was a
     fragile and mortal vessel indeed.  He had to flee his native
     Japan to retain his freedom.

     The old man walked to the couple joined by the fleshy coupling of
     his son's cock.  He watched as the massive staff threatened to
     rupture the girls innards as it pushed and pulled her clasping
     tissues in and out of her now gaping cunt.  The old man bared his
     stiffened member and moved behind the girl.  With one hand he
     spread her straining buttocks and found the puckered mouth of her
     virgin ass.  He hawked and spit on his fingers and greased the
     pouting tissues not bothering to loosen the orifice first.  With
     his free hand he scooped some of the viscous slime dangled
     beneath the girl's punished cunt and greased his rod.  Then with
     one swift brutal motion, he slotted his cock in the tight hole
     and rammed the fleshy spear in to the roots, colliding with the
     rigid post of his son's cock imbedded in the womb of the poor
     girl.  Their two members began a merciless assault on the tender
     tissues of the young slut, separated by only a thin membrane as
     they battered her between them.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-h.  A-a-a-a-a-a-a-h, y-e-a-a-a-a-a-h-s-s-s-s-s,"
     the American slut moaned.  As the two sank their fleshy spears to
     the hilt in the guts of the beautiful American.  The old man
     reached around and fondled the swollen and discolored tits of the
     young whore holding them as his son chewed and sucked at the firm
     flesh.

     "More, cock, give me more....."  she wailed.




     Chapter 20

     Rachel woke from a terrifying nightmare, her involuntary shudder
     brought a moan from her lips as pain lanced through her chest and
     crotch.  Fighting to clear her mind she pulled down the coarse
     blanket that covered her and saw the hideously abused and
     discolored flesh of her once alabaster breasts.  She remembered,
     it hadn't been a nightmare.  She brought he fingers of one hand
     up to the The oversized mounds and shuddered again.  She ran her
     fingers lightly across the reddish blue flesh, the bruising would
     be days in going away.  Her small fingers plucked at her thick
     prominent nipples, swollen and distorted from teeth of the
     hulking oriental boy.  She shuddered again as the remembered pain
     and pleasure caused her bruised pussy to throb, a spurt of hot
     musk wetting its swollen and discolored lips and dampened the
     sparse blond curls that lined them.  Her tiny fingers probed the
     swollen flesh of her labia, lingering at the growing nub of her
     clit.  A groan of pain and delight leaked from her as she felt
     the abused and cum encrusted tissue of her twat.

     "H-m-m-m-m", she said as she licked the leavings of the two men
     from her slimy fingers.  "The Padre should be here."  she thought
     to herself before noticing the long shadows.  It was late
     afternoon, she wondered long she had been asleep.  She had lost
     rack of time and had no idea how she had gotten back to the
     church.  With a start she realized he would be back soon.

     She rose tentatively, to go to the rectory to wash herself.
     Every movement caused pain in her twat or breasts.  As she moved
     the heavy liquid bags of her bruised breasts jiggled and wobbled
     on her chest, causing her to wince.  The proud alabaster globes,
     now reddish blue and heavy with edema, hung low on her smooth
     chest.  Their lower sides billowing out in a graceful curve where
     the belly of each breast was.  She raised her hands to support
     the heavy flesh as she walked.  She stopped with a gasp as her
     fingers involuntarily plucked at her long thick swollen nipples.
     Her pussy throbbed with a gush at the self inflicted pain.

     As she neared the door, it swung inward and revealed the old
     Japanese and his hulking son standing in the door way.  The young
     beauty felt her womb pull tight beneath the firm flat skin of her
     stomach at the sight of the two men.  Her young pussy began to
     gush its oily musk in involuntary delight.  He eyes never met
     theirs, she knew what they were here for, knew what they wanted,
     knew what she was for, and knew what she truly wanted.

     Without a sound the young naked American teen slowly dropped to
     her knees as they advanced into the room, the bulge of their
     cocks obvious to her searching eyes as her small pink tongue
     flicked forward to moisten her thick lips.  Rachel sat docilely,
     her trim heart shaped ass perched on her heels.  As they neared
     her, her small hands lifted her heavy liquid breasts in offering
     as her face broke into a tense smile.

     Before either of the grimy sweating men could react the naked
     young woman's greedy hands reached out to caress their hardening
     cocks through the thin cloth of their soiled pantaloons.  Like a
     rooting sow, the beautiful girl rummaged at their clothing until
     her hands emerged holding their throbbing prongs.  In unison they
     stepped toward her as she scuttled forward to kiss first one then
     the other of the filthy cocks before her.  Her breasts hung
     beneath her like water filled balloons as she leaned forward, her
     dainty hands skinning their foreskins from the moist and sticky
     glans.  The young slut could smell the mingled smell of sweaty
     cock and fucked pussy.  Her giddily wondered if it was from her
     or the young Bolivian girl.  The thought quickly left her mind as
     she arched her back and lowered her head to the side to lovingly
     nuzzled the stiff rods of flesh, her moist lips wetting them from
     tip to root as she tongued and kissed the rods that projected
     outward above her.  Her pale face flushed with excitement as she
     tasted the slime from the dirty cocks, smearing her smooth cheeks
     as though it was some precious balm.  Her deep blue eyes glazed
     as she rooted her delicate nose under the shafts turning her
     attention to the men's heavy hanging balls, eliciting a chorus of
     groans as she sucked, kissed and nuzzled the soft sacks, reveling
     in the feel of their coarse hair on her face, and their weight,
     heavy with delicious sperm.

     The two men stood, one babbling incoherently, drool wetting his
     chin, the other gazing at satisfaction at the total dominance he
     now had over the once haughty anglo girl.  What good would her
     college education serve her now, as she groveled on her knees
     before him.  The old man giggled at the sight of the once proud
     young woman as she craned her neck, struggling to get her perfect
     red lips around his balls as she tried to stuff her mouth with
     his withered testicles.  Her cooing moans told him she was now
     his to do with as he pleased.  As white American slut to be his
     whore.  She would provide many years of pleasure before he and
     his son had tired of her.  Many years of pleasure and not a
     little income as they sold her to others.

     The girl continued to suck and coddle the swelling testicles of
     the men, gaining satisfaction from her service and their obvious
     pleasure.  She swallowed first the old man's cock, relaxing her
     eager throat as she forced herself down on his dong, thrilling to
     its presence lodged firmly in her spasming throat.  She used her
     swollen lips now dripping with saliva to swab up and down the
     hardened members length enjoying its musky taste.  She left the
     old man's cock dripping as she turned to the yellow wrist thick
     shaft of the teenage boy.  The blue veins wrapping the shaft
     appeared to squirm before her lust hazed eyes.  She ran her small
     pink tongue around the plum shaped head, gathering in the rancid
     secretions beneath his foreskin.  Engulfing the head with her
     small mouth her smooth cheeks billowed out as she forced herself
     to swallow the fleshy spear.  The young missionary girl loved the
     control they exerted on her it was so filthy, so obscene, so..
     Wonderful.  Her pussy throbbed as she felt the old man's cock
     firmly between her shoulder blades, as he stood behind her.  His
     bony hands fondled her heavy fluid filled breasts as he pushed
     her forward on his son's cock.  His dark hands contrasted against
     her breasts as he pulled and squeezed the veiny bags like money
     filled bank sacks.  His merciless hands soon turned to twisting
     and pulling her painfully swollen nipples, rolling the long
     marble sized teats between his thumb and forefinger.

     The young girl gasped and gagged as she force herself onto the
     thick cock.  Her pussy throbbed with delight as the old man
     plucked and twisted her poor swollen tits that hung heavily from
     her chest like obscene udders.  She waggled her firm bottom in
     delight as the old man tormented her.  Suddenly she found herself
     roughly pulled to her feet an involuntary whimper escaped her wet
     lips as the delightful prong was pulled from her grasp.  The old
     man roughly twirled her around and slapped her full across each
     cheek.  The beautiful girl was stunned her ears ringing, but
     quickly dropped her small hands to the old man's cock.

     "Good, good" he thought, "The slut wants nothing more than to
     please."

     His dominance of the once proud young American was complete.

     "Tahio, you fuckee, Missee."  the old man said as he pulled the
     thin mattress from the bed and threw it in the middle of the
     small room.

     The young slut's heart leapt as she saw the boy lay down, his
     cock lying against his hard stomach like a thick hose.  The old
     man pushed the eager young whore in the direction of his son.

     "You fuckee", was all he said.

     The beautiful young slut crawled quickly to the prostrate form of
     the teenage boy, pausing only long enough to push her pouting
     lips lovingly against the blunt snout of his cock in an obscene
     kiss, paying homage to the thick staff.  She swung one long
     muscular leg up and over to straddle him.  Her firm pale buttocks
     rest on his hips.  The young retard lay on the mattress grinning
     and babbling as the girl raised herself and reached between her
     splayed thighs with a small white hand to grasp the boys hard
     thick cock.  She held it up as she flexed her thighs raising her
     dripping cunt.  With a look on her face that was pure rapture,
     the once pious and chaste young missionary slotted the blunt
     nosed shaft into the mouth of her cunt and slowly began her
     willing impalement.

     Rachel's head spun with dizzying delight as inch by inch the
     massive column of flesh forced it's way into the narrow confines
     of her spasming cunt.  The pink lips of her ravenous pit were
     stretched translucent and seemed to cling to the yellow invader.
     The beautiful girl rocked forward to rest her small hands on the
     muscular chest of the young man beneath her, her heavy over sized
     breasts swinging pendulously beneath her narrow torso.  The skin
     of her high smooth forehead furrowed with concentration, a
     slender pink tongue hung between full lips as she forced her
     needy cunt down the thick post piercing her guts.  She felt full
     to bursting as the thick invader pushed against the soft tissue
     of her cervix and stretched the walls of her cunt.  Mechanically
     in a lustful fog, she worked the stretched band of her labia up
     and down the hard shaft leaving it glistening with her musky
     lube, announcing to the world her shame and guilt.

     The old priest entered the rectory and walked to Rachel's room
     his heart heavy with no small burden of guilt.  He realized that
     his own hatred and lust had cause him to violate the innocence of
     the poor girl.  He could only beg her forgiveness and pray for
     absolution.  As he neared her door he could hear grunts that rang
     familiar in his ears.  Grunts not unlike a greed sow.  The wet
     smacking of flesh on flesh and the gurgling rasping breaths of
     laboring bodies.  The Padre worked the latch and slowly opened
     the door to look into the dim lit room.

     His vision reel at the sight before him.  Emotions of jealously
     and betrayal struggled with the paternal emotions of his calling.
     Rage fueled the conflagration raging in him as his eyes stared
     stared directly at the lascivious view of the wrist thick post
     burying itself over and over again in the willing young girl's
     cunt framed between the taunt splayed cheeks of her ass.  The
     brazen crevass glistened with her guilty secretions the rosy star
     of her ass winked at him in silent mocking as she labored to
     impale herself time time again on the thick brown post.  He heard
     her bestial grunts and moans as he watched the fine muscles of
     her back flex and flex again under a patina of sweat the fading
     welts of the lash still visible across the firm pail smooth skin.
     He watched watched the sides of her strangely swollen breasts as
     the wobbled to and fro beneath her as she rocked back and forth
     as she worked her obscenely stretched cunt up and down the huge
     cock.

     He dragged his eyes from the filthy sight to see the leering grin
     of the old japanese where he stood at the girls head.  His fists
     were wrapped tightly in the girl's hair her head as it moved on
     its own, back and forth in rhythm with the old man's pumping hips
     as he fucked the beautiful American's face.  The old japanese
     offered a sigh and exaggerated the movement of his pumping hips
     for the Padre's benefit as he continued to use the attractive
     young woman's mouth like a surrogate cunt, her plump lips
     clinging and sliding along his wet yellow prong as he sawed it in
     and out.

     Rachel relaxed her arched throat to permit the repeated invasion
     by the old man's cock.  Her gag reflex was a distant memory as
     her once viginal throat accustomed itself to the hard fleshy
     invader.  Saliva pooled around her tongue and cheeks as her jaw
     hung slack, spit running down her chin and stringing from the
     pistoning cock.  Her small pink tongue busied itself tickling the
     underside of the old man's fleshy glans, perversely trying to
     please him as he used her like a common whore.

     "You come see your leetle norte American bitch, huh, Padre?  You
     like what she let Tahio and I do to her?"  the old man taunted.
     "She is a bueno slut, this yanquee puta."

     Rachel was for the first time aware that the Padre was in the
     room.  Her skin burned with a masochistic fire, her sore nipples
     hardening and swelling with the humiliation of knowing she was
     watched as she debased herself for the filthy old man and his
     son.  He pussy throbbed around the thick post of flesh as she
     thought of once again receiving the thick sperm of both the
     father and son.

     She could only see the Padre in her peripheral vision as she slid
     her lips down the side of the old man's warty yellow staff,
     swabbing it with her tongue and swollen lips, leaving behind a
     thick layer of saliva.  Her eyes involuntarily dropped to the
     tented front of the black Padre's cassock, her face breaking into
     a distorted inviting smile as it stretched around the old man's
     pulsing cock, her lips hollowed as the once innocent girl
     lovingly sucked the old man's aged cock.

     The attractive slut reached behind her, her trim firm arms
     extending down her bent torso.  Her weight rested on the large
     hands of the mixed blood youth beneath her as the retard mauled
     the swollen mounds of her expansive tits.  She grasped the white
     mounds of her buttocks in each hand, her small strong fingers
     digging into the muscular flesh, and pulled the bulbous cheeks
     apart in obscene invitation to the old black Padre.

     "Lookee, the prettee yanquee slut wants you too, Padre," the old
     japanese chorled.

     The healthy young American dug her nails deeply into her own
     flesh as she held her firm as cheeks splayed in invitation.  Her
     abused anus, red and raw from the day before, winked at the old
     priest as the thick yellow post of the Asian half-breed sawed in
     and out of her distended cunt.  She thrilled at the thought that
     three men would use her, would want her at the same time.

     "Oh, gawd, what would Daddy and Mommy say if they saw me now!!"
     she thought as her cunt cramped with the obscenity of it all.
     "What would they say if they saw their precious young daughter
     stuffed with three demanding cocks and none of them belonging to
     a white man!?"  Her young pussy pumped out rivers of musk and her
     abnormally large clit buzzed at the thought, sending her reeling
     into a vile and base orgasm even as she offered up her sore anus
     to the old priest.

     With a grunt the fat old padre hurridly removed the heavy cassock
     to reveal the thick hose like cock that projected from beneath
     his sweating gut.  Fisting his black crudgel, he wet the hard
     probe with his own saliva as he waddled up to the girl's upturned
     white ass.  With eager and practiced ease he slotted the purple
     black head of his thick member in the slight depression of the
     eager young slut's sphincter as he leaned his weight into the
     muscular frame of the athletic young woman.

     "Uh-h-h-h-h-h, a-h-h-h-h-h-h, they chorused as the Padre's thick
     prong popped through the tight ring of Rachel's unresisting ass.
     The dry friction soon eased as the Priest scooped up several
     fingers full of the girl's slime to lube his punishing shaft.

     Resting his portly belly on the young slut's upturned ass he
     leaned into her to drive his black prong again and again into the
     unresisting girls tender pink anus, its tissue clinging to his
     punishing Negroid cock.  Rachel arched her back, bracing her legs
     and arms to bear the added weigh of the obese old priest.

     The beautiful American never felt so full.  Her cunt and ass were
     stretched to bursting as the two cocks sawed in and out of her
     greedy holes.  Their slurping mingled with the sounds coming from
     her eagerly sucking mouth as the old Asian continued to fuck her
     face.

     "My gawd, it feels so go-o-o-od"" her mind screamed as she moaned
     around the gnarled shaft impaling her mouth.

     The room soon filled with the ecstatic moans and grunts of the
     stuffed slut as she labored to satisfy and please the three men
     that were using her like a common whore.  Mindlessly she sucked
     and fucked, milking the rods of male flesh that stuffed her,
     pausing only when a frequent orgasm wracked her tireless frame.
     A high thin wail would leak from her plugged and stuffed mouth,
     her muscles contracted and stood out as she shuddered out one
     exquisite orgasm after another.

     Her mouth and cunt drooled oceans as she worked with undisguised
     relish to please her abusers.  She lived for their cocks,
     thirsted for the fountains of hot sperm that would soon fill her
     mouth, cunt and ass to overflowing.

     Rachel labored, climbing the same slope over and over.  Each
     slope leading to a new orgasm which she rode like some speeding
     sled, only to reach the bottom and start the climb once again.
     Her shoulders and arms streamed under the weight of the old
     Priest's bulk, but her young muscular frame braced itself, like a
     lowly bitch in heat and she reveled in the feeling of
     helplessness as the men abused her willing orifices.

     "Un-n-n-n-h, m-m-m-m-mh, gl-g-g-g-gh" was all she could manage,
     "God help me", her mind screamed as the thick demanding cocks
     speared into her guts, rubbing her clit raw and sending her into
     one obscene orgasm after another.

     The old Padre marveled at the skill with which the young athletic
     American serviced the three punishing foreign cocks.  She moved
     in a circular back and forth up and down motion the impaled her
     on the thick yellow post like cock beneath and at the same time
     took his coal black rod to the hilt in her ass stretching her
     cuntal and anal membranes to the limit, and synchronized her
     mouth to the thrusts of the old withered Japanese's cock as he
     fucked her mouth.  Her body glistened with sweat as her muscles
     flexed and unflexed in tireless motion as she willingly debased
     herself.  Her grotesquely swollen and discolored breast bobbing
     and swaying beneath.  The cruel attentions of the young man only
     seemed to inflame her as he twisted and pulled at the thick dark
     stubs of her painfully distended nipples.

     Her begging moans and grunts mixed with the labored breathing of
     the three men went on late into the night.




     Chapter 21

     The foursome had been reduce by one as the old japanese had sent
     his son Tahio off to do his morning chores.  The two old men lay
     on the cum stained mattress discussing the young American slut as
     she groveled between them, her pale ivory form contrasting
     against the chalky blackness of the priest's and the oily yellow
     of the Asian's thighs.

     Moans of satisfaction came from her as she cuddled her lithe form
     between then suckling on their partially erect cocks.  Her
     perfect figure lay curled between the men, thighs and buttocks
     streaked with dry and drying sperm that had leaked from the
     distended holes of her overflowing cunt and ass, the twin
     orifices still oozing the mingled seed of the three men.  The old
     Padre talked about her as she raised his hardening cock and
     lapped at the cum streaked shaft with her little pink tongue.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-H, mo-o-o-r-e.....cock, m-m-m-m-m-h,
     mo-o-o-r-e...cum", was all she could think of as she milked the
     semi had cocks of the two old men.

     Her blond head was matted with sweat and cum and strands of hair
     were stuck to her high forehead and cheeks.  She smiled, her
     pretty face stained with the dried sperm she had failed to
     swallow when she enthusiastically sucked the three men throughout
     the night.  Her bright blue eyes looked at the old Priest
     searching for approval but in finding none, she bent more eagerly
     to her task of suckling his thickening cock.

     The old japanese ran the finger of his right hand along the
     ligature marks that encircled the girl's large breasts.  Her ass
     rested against his crotch as she leaned across the fat priest's
     leg gobbling his new erection.  The old Asian dipped the fingers
     of his left hand between the swollen lips of the attractive
     girl's twat to grab and pinch the swollen engorged flesh of her
     clit.  The trim figure of the young American shuddered as her
     cunt spasmed in a mini orgasm at the cruel touch of the old
     Asian.

     The men continued to talk and resolved to share the young
     American missionary.  Each recognizing that it was better to
     degrade the willing girl together than to compete with one
     another like dogs over a succulent bone.  The young willing
     American slut had demonstrated that she was able and eager to
     satisfy both of them and more.

     They each had their own reasons and uses for degrading the young
     girl, and so long as they did not compromise one another, they
     could accommodate each other.

     Hours later, the Padre returned to Rachel's room where she had
     been sleeping.  Hattori and his son had long since returned to
     their shack along the river.  Armored with indifference, the old
     Priest grabbed the sleeping girl by her long blond hair and
     dragged her with little resistance to the wooden table in the
     rectory.

     Working quickly the old Padre securely bound her to a wooden
     chair, each leg to the chair leg and hands behind her back.  He
     pushed the chair backward against the table, affording himself
     unfettered access to the beautiful girl's cunt.  He next turned
     to the small bag he had placed on the table earlier.  He removed
     a needle like awl and a collection of brass rings of various
     diameter and thickness.

     He walked behind the bound girl and before she could react,
     reached around and stuffed the familiar stump of a candle into
     her mouth and bound it in place.

     "That should keep you quiet," he said to no one in particular.

     He bent to his work quickly, grabbing the thick flesh of her
     outer labia between thumb and forefinger.  Pulling it outward, he
     gripped the flesh and pulled it taunt.  He raised the awl and
     positioned it against the flesh inward of her thin inner labia
     and her thigh.  A full half inch from the slit of her cunt.
     Rachel jumped at the first prick of the needle sharp tool.  The
     Priest quickly grasped a chunk of cork from the table and without
     pausing thrust the awl through the flesh into the cork.  The
     muscular body of the beautiful girl twitched and jerked with the
     pain of the piercing and her bladder voided forming a puddle
     under the chair.

     "You stupid slut," the Padre sneered.  "These will serve to mark
     you as the whore you are."  They will give me some control over
     what you do with that cunt you bear between your legs."

     Grasping an inch thick ring he forced it through the puctured
     flesh and secured it by expanding the gap and fitting in place a
     perforated brass bead.  Over the next 40 minutes he performed the
     operation 7 more times, affixing four rings through the the thick
     flesh of the girl's cunt, lining her labia with the rings of the
     yellow metal.  With a satisfied grunt he stood back and surveyed
     his handiwork.  The smooth skin of naked bound girl seemed paler
     than normal against the dark piss stained chair.  Her body
     trembled from the burning pain in her crotch.  The old Padre's
     dark eyes looked at the pain fogged eyes of the once proud
     American girl, now his willing slut and whore.  He glanced at the
     kaleidoscope of color in her groin, the glittering gold of the
     brass rings against the pale white canvas of her skin, fringed
     the platinum curls of her pubes, highlighted by the ruby drops of
     her blood where it seeped from her violated flesh.  Where each
     ring invaded her flesh the skim had an angry rose like blush.

     In time he would be able to secure all the rings with a lock,
     denying all but the possessor of the key, access to the beautiful
     girl's cunt.  He turned one last time to the table and lifted the
     piercing tool.  In his hand he also held a length of string.  In
     a quick motion he captured the helpless girl's oversized clit
     between his thumb and forefinger and securely tied the string
     around the thick projection.  The priceless bundle of nerves
     quickly began to swell.  Rachel's blue eyes became as large as
     saucers as she watched the Padre placed the blood stained lump of
     cork against her clit now swollen to the thickness of the Padre's
     little finger and half as long.  He placed the needle like awl
     against the tender flesh, and pushed it slowly through the
     sensitive bundle of nerves.

     "Uh-n-n-n-n-ny-y-y-y-y!!"  the helpless girl screamed though the
     gag in her mouth.  Rachel's scream echoed only in her brain as
     the gag muffled her cry.  The burning agony of the Priest's
     sadistically slow piercing bloomed and grew, it grew to engulf
     her thighs, it crept upward to compressed her breathing, raced up
     her throat, her chest heaved, her great breasts flopped and
     rolled across the narrow expanse.  Her nipples grew hard and her
     pale blue eyes rolled in their sockets as the expanding bubble of
     agony burst into a blinding orgasm.  The old Priest twisted the
     awl bringing spasm after spasm to the orgasmic paroxysms of the
     bound girl.  The ropes holding her to the chair cut into pale
     smooth flesh as she thrashed and jerked, dancing out her ecstasy
     of carnal release.

     When the trim form of the young girl grew still the old Padre
     fixed the last ring in place.  On it he hung a chain of quarter
     inch links supporting a heavy two inch crucifix.  He nodded his
     head in satisfaction.

     "You are now marked as god's whore," he said.  "The weight of
     this cross will remind you to who's service you are dedicated."

     He reached down an removed the binding string from her clit and
     lifted the cross from it's resting place on her thigh, and let it
     drop.  The sudden jolt of the chain on the ring in her clit
     sparked a mini orgasm as the pain soared through her debauched
     body.

     The young white college girl looked down at her newly adorned
     cunt.  The yellow of the brass flashed in the light and the
     weight of the heavy rings pulled at her swollen cuntlips.  The
     cool metallic caress of the rings against her abused labia
     coursed through her like tiny electric pulses.  Her pussy
     throbbed at the sight and feel, her mind a confusion of
     contradicting thoughts.  Pride at the mark of her new life fought
     with a spark of indignant outrage at the abomination the Priest
     had inflicted on her perfect body.  A body that had never known
     sex born of love, and was now a willing and vile sump for every
     perverted lust that ever entered a man's mind.  A second shudder
     ran through her as the cold metallic crucifix brushed her thigh
     and tugged at her clit as it swung to and fro.

     "Gawd, it's wonderful", her mind oozed, as the tugging and
     metallic thrill coursed through her each time she moved.

     His work done, the Padre began to untie the attractive American,
     her face stained with tears.  As he finished and stood back, the
     young slut fell to her knees, eagerly nuzzling his crotch.

     "Very well", he sighed as he leaned back against the table as the
     eager girl feed his rod of black gristle, holding it in her small
     white hands.  Her dainty fingers stroked and cradled his sperm
     filled balls as she hungrily engulfed his purple plum sized glans
     with her plump lips.  A gurgle of delight escaped her throat as
     she gobbled and slurped at the coal black tube.  The dull throb
     coming from her newly mutilated cunt forgotten as she tied to
     coax the thick cream she so desperately needed from the stiffing
     black cock.

     She dragged her lips the length of the black tube of gristle,
     pressing her sweating forehead against his overhanging gut as she
     struggled to swallow the length of the thick black cock.  She
     thrilled at forcing her mouth down the shaft until the swollen
     purple-black head lodged in her throat.  She felt pride in her
     ability to hold it there despite the spasms in her rebelling
     throat at the invasion of the thick rod.

     The girl's pretty face shone with sweat as she labored over the
     thick black rod that was now her master.  She pressed her pale
     white form, so defenseless in its nudity against the fat thighs
     of the man who had just mutilated the mouth of her most cherished
     possession, her womb.  She debased herself for his vile pleasure,
     in return for having indelibly marked her as a brazen whore for
     the rest of her pathetic life.  Her life's aspirations forgotten
     in a rain of strange men's sperm, she had become a groveling
     whore, nothing more than a hairy slobbering hole to be filled by
     their hard masterful cocks.

     The coal black staff erupted with a fountain of thick viscous
     sperm as the pretty American's lips left the swollen head.

     "U-h-h-h-h", the girl moaned in disappointment as a long thick
     string rose and fell on her face, crossing her nose and lips.
     She struggled to capture the spouting snout of the throbbing cock
     to catch and savor the thick cream she had struggled to bring
     forth.

     "A-h-h-h-h", the old priest grunted as the former college student
     suckled the sensitive head of his black cock.  She lapped at the
     cum streaked shaft licking and sucking the excess sperm from her
     fingers.  Her pink tongue snaked out to scoop the large gob of
     spunk from her upper lip as it dripped from her pert freckled
     nose like some obscene string of snot.  Her face was radiant,
     blue eyes sparkling as she gazed up with adoration at the
     indifferent face of her mutilator, his thick masterful black rod
     still clutched in her hand.




     Chapter 22

     The next few days, the old Padre kept the young American
     missionary confined to her room as the lips of her newly pierced
     vagina healed.  He visited her to bring her food and medicine and
     she gratefully sucked his black cock.  As much as the young white
     American begged and pleaded he could not bring himself to fuck
     her cunt for fear of infecting the fresh piercings.  Instead he
     did relent and allowed the young slut to impale her anus on his
     thick black cock.  Entry into her once painfully tight nether
     passage had become easier as the days passed as his fat cock
     stretched the tender tissues of her sphincter.

     He would sit on the small bed and watch with feigned indifference
     as the sex addicted young American girl impaled herself on his
     fat black cock.  She would stand backward between his thick hairy
     black thighs on her long ivory legs and lower her firm ass onto
     his stiff prong, one small white hand holding his black rod
     erect, the other gripping on firm buttock cheek splaying it to
     reveal her red raw anal opening, her tongue greedily licking her
     pouting lips, brow furrowed in concentration.  He watched as his
     fat coal black cock sank between the pale white cheeks of the
     young desperate slut.  Over and over again she would flexed her
     thighs squatting to ride up and down the stiff black member, to
     the Padre it looked like the beautiful white girl was shitting a
     long black trued, as her sphincter clung to his thick column of
     black gristle.

     The young attractive woman would the hard cock rhythmically, up
     and down, her large ivory breasts rippling and swaying liquidly
     as they bounced heavily against her chest, the long nipples
     capping them hardening into thick fingers.  The ligature marks
     and bruising had all but disappeared with the passing days
     leaving the luscious ivory globes marked only by the vivid blue
     veins that stood out through her nearly translucent ivory skin.
     Seldom could the Padre resist the temptation to reach around and
     maul the large firm bags as they hung heavily melon-like from the
     slender young woman's chest.  He would captured one heavy orb in
     each hand hefting them like money filled bank sacks in his large
     black paws.  The large firm sacks would oozed between his fingers
     as he squeezed them cruelly, rolling her long hard nipples
     between his thumb and forefinger, pulling and twisting.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-m-h, ye-e-e-e-s, hurt me like that", the attractive
     slut would say urging the black Padre to demean and dominate her.

     The beautiful 18-year old would hump her ass up and down the
     Priest's black dong, the heavy crucifix hanging from the ring in
     her freshly pierced clitoris jerking and swinging, stimulating
     the obscenely large finger of nerves that served as the young
     girl's demon.  Driving her to lower and lower levels of self
     debasement.  Her orgasms would culminate when she felt the thick
     invader swell and pulsate pumping its load of sperm deep in her
     pristine bowels, greasing its invasion and soothing the red raw
     flesh of her sphincter.  It was then that the teenager would
     crest the peak and go sliding down into the abyss of a vile
     wonderful climax.  She would wallow like some obscene sow, in the
     wickedness of her act.  Acts that were foreign to her intellect
     but not her nature, for as the Padre told her and she now
     believed, all things were for a purpose.

     One look at her ripe body, the obscene abundance of her
     sexuality, and it was clear that her purpose was to be a whore, a
     slut, to drain men of the lust that she inspired in them.

     One look at the clear pale skin of her beautiful angelic face,
     framed by pale blonde hair, the delicate ears, and slender
     upturned freckled nose, the startling blue eyes, high clear
     forehead, small perfect chin and long smooth neck, inspired awe.
     A single glance at the wide strong shoulders, the firm arms, the
     huge heavy breasts hanging from her slender muscular chest, the
     taunt muscles of her back and the flat plane of her stomach
     inspired desire.  One gaze at girl's the navel standing as a sign
     post pointing the way to hidden treasure, the firm defined globes
     of her buttocks round and independent, and the long muscular legs
     like indestructible columns supporting the clutch of feminine
     flesh between them, guarding her feminine trove, would send a man
     into uncontrolled animal lust.  No one save god could have
     created such a creature, and to what purpose?

     Rachel saw and accepted the path that she had taken.  A new world
     had opened for her, it was filled with a forest of hard swelling
     cocks, hard masculine bodies, demanding hands, and hungry sucking
     mouths.  They would be large and small, pristine and diseased,
     the cocks all spurting fountains of rich slick sperm to fill her,
     to satiate her thirst, to coat her skin, to wallow in and to
     soothe her ravaged flesh.

     The beautiful young slut often smiled at the thought.




     Chapter 23

     Maria gathered the flasks in her arms and began her walk to the
     village well to get drinking water for the shop.  The jingling of
     her bells accompanied her every step.  She felt herself becoming
     wet as the chain and ring tugged at her clitoris as it swung
     swung between her thighs beneath the thin cotton peasant dress.
     Sweat began to form on the brown skin of her cleavage as she
     walked in the stifling heat of the narrow streets.  The tinkling
     of the bells attached to the rings in her long dark nipples
     called vaqueros and peasants to the windows like children to an
     ice cream truck.  The young latina's skin flushed beneath her
     slight tan, her skin darkening with embarrassment as the dance of
     her plump cone like breasts continued the musical call.  Sweat
     had soaked through the thin cotton of her dress beneath her
     breasts and along the crack between her ample buttocks.  She was
     the possessor of la colon grande, as the locals would say, a big
     plump and because of her age, firm ass.  When the young woman
     reached the well a crowd of men had gathered and the other women
     of the village collected there things and silently departed.
     Maria's brown skin was hot, not from the heat alone, but from the
     maddening stimulation of her pierced clit.  Her nose flared as
     she imagined the thick smell of sex in the air as she played out
     the well rehearsed charade.  Bending over the adobe wall that
     encircled the well, she reached for the rope and bucked, her
     ample breasts weighing heavily against the fabric of her dress,
     her erect nipples clearly visible.

     She felt the hands of the first man at her hips as he lifted her
     dress and roughly pushed her bare feet apart with a booted foot.
     Her breath caught in her throat when she heard the sound of a
     zipper and felt the firm head of the man's cock move up and down
     the slick wet groove of her sex worming through the thick thatch
     of black hair that protected her cunt.  Her heart beat faster as
     she felt the unseen man's weight push against her pressing her
     into the hard worn surface of the wall.  She ground her plump ass
     back against the man as his cock slid effortlessly into the wet
     well of her open vagina.

     "Uh-n-n-n-ng-g-gh," she moaned as the cock bottomed in her tight
     passage.

     She felt the whiskers of the man against he side of her neck, and
     smelled his hot stale breath as he whispered in her ear.

     "Mi amado hija" he said, causing her cunt to spasm at the words,
     "My darling daughter", the man, her Papa, had said.

     Her pulsing cunt flowed a river at the realization that her own
     PaPa would be the first of many to use her this day.  The first
     creamy load to fill her would be from her own father.  The young
     woman shuddered as a small orgasm streaked through her at the
     thought.

     "Oh madre di dios", she thought as another small death pulsed
     through her nerves, "Mi padre y mi hermanos".  Maria nearly wept
     at the delightful thought.  "If my Papa is here, so are my
     brothers!!"  Her womb cramped with the anticipation of being
     taken by her brothers as well.

     This was more than the young girl could have hoped.  She dare not
     hope that they would take her away from the old japanese.  She
     had been bought and paid for long ago.  Her life as Hatori's
     slave was conclusive.

     The hard calloused hands of her Papa pulled at the cloth belt
     holding the front of her dress closed, rough fingers pulled at
     the thin fabric spilling her billowing breasts into the sunlight,
     the bright yellow rings and brass bells at her nipples tinkling
     as the large orbs jiggled and bounced in time with her father's
     pumping hips.

     The willing girl bent at the waist leaning her crossed arms along
     the top of the low wall, her breasts hanging beneath her
     horizontal upper torso, available to the squeezing hands of her
     Papa.  She ground her plump bottom toward him, and felt the
     coarse fabric of his work pants against the sensitive lips of her
     cunt each time his powerful strokes thundered into her plump ass,
     sending ripples through the ample flesh.

     "Oh mi amado hijo", he repeated over and over as he plugged her
     hairy hole, as if in disbelief that the young whore before him
     was actually his own flesh and blood, the young nina he had
     carried on his shoulders.  She was indeed the young girl he
     remembered, the one he had sold to the old Asian, had sold into a
     life of sexual slavery and debauchery.  This whore, available to
     every man in the town was indeed his little girl.  The guilt he
     felt was in an instant forgotten as the cum simmering in his
     balls boiled over and bolted down his cock to bath the inside of
     his darling daughters womb.  He felt the young whore reach back
     between her legs and gently cradle his pulsing balls, coaxing the
     dregs of his cum to fill her dripping cunt.

     "Mi amoroso PaPa", she said as she wobbled her ass against the
     man with a shudder, "My loving father" she thought as an orgasm
     ran through her.

     He stepped away, and the young girl looked over her sweat stained
     shoulder at the two dark haired boys standing at the head of the
     line of eager men that snaked away from her.

     "Olla, Ernesto, Fidel, no hay de gue disposicion" she said with a
     faint smile.  "You are welcome to it", the young slut said as she
     spread her legs and braced her arms and legs.

     "Come fuck your little sister the puta, the whore."  she goaded.
     "Come and fill me with brothers cum, squeeze and milk your little
     sister's big tits, show the others how to treat a whore, hurt me
     if you can", she said with a self conscious laugh she did not
     feel.

     She looked away as she felt the hard demanding tube of her
     brothers cock slide deeply into her offered cunt.  She drifted
     away, concentrating on caressing and squeezing the invading cock
     with her cunt.  The squelching and smacking of her overfilled
     dripping cunt could be heard long after her father and brothers
     had had spent themselves.  They watched her, their own flesh and
     blood, being used by the men of the village.  Watched as the men
     in their impatience, began to use used her mouth as they used her
     cunt.  They watched as she eagerly took their burgeoning cocks
     into her mouth to suckle and caress.  They watched until they too
     overcome by the obscene spectacle took their turn at the eager
     slut's mouth.

     Maria smiled, her lips dripping cum as she wrapped her slick
     fingers around her brothers vein wrapped cock.  Her lips pursed
     as she brought the flared head to them, flicking it lightly with
     her cum streaked tongue before eagerly engulfing the head in her
     warm wet mouth.  Her fat tongue swirled around the sensitive
     head.  She smile as she felt her brothers hands on her head
     pulling her down forcing her to swallow the pulsing shaft.  She
     grunted as the strange cock in cunt hit her cervix causing a dull
     ache deep in her guts.

     They watched her take all the dripping cocks, licking and
     sucking, eating the river of cum offered to her mouth.  Her cunt
     and thighs ran a river of slimy sperm from the generous offering
     the village men had given her.  Her father and brothers watched
     until the long line of eager men had thinned then left to drift
     back to their mean farm.

     The day was spent before the sore cum stained young latina made
     her way painfully back to the laundry bearing the containers of
     drinking water.  An unseen puddle of thick congealing cum filled
     her belly and sloshed from side to side.  A dripping trail of
     dribbling sperm marked her passage and served as a testament to
     the ordeal she willingly and eagerly endured.




     Chapter 24

     The old Padre sent Rachel to the laundry for the first time in
     over a week.  Her cotton dress swished as she walked stirring the
     dust of the dry street.  Her bare feet made barely a sound as she
     stepped under the thatched awning and entered the dark humid
     interior of the laundry.  She heard the tinkle of Maria's bells
     as she the young Latina busied herself over the washbin.  Her
     ample bottom turned toward the door, she paid not notice of the
     attractive young teen's arrival.

     "Uh-h-h-h-n, heh-heh, ha-ha, heh-heh, Missee here, heh, heh", the
     imbicilic Tahio babbled when he saw the young blond.  He grabbed
     the bulge in the front of his pantaloons and danced around the
     room.  Rachel's quim, already in an uproar from the crucifix
     dangling from her clitoris, pulled tight in her stomach as she
     remembered the pleasure the idiot's long tube of hard male flesh
     had given her.  Her mouth flooded with saliva as she remembered
     the pungent taste of his half-breed sperm.  She fought back the
     urge to fall to her knees and take the teens cock in her mouth,
     and left the room to seek out the boy's perverted father, Hatori.

     She entered the dark store room, her eyes taking a moment to
     adjust to the dim light.  The room was empty save for a large
     wooden table surrounded by chairs.  The wooden floor was bare.  A
     sudden movement caused her heart to leap into her throat as a
     large shape came shambling out of a dark corner.  To the startled
     girl's relief she saw it was only Conquistador, Hattori's large
     dane-mastiff, his sleek black coat shining in the dim light.  The
     dog immediately shoved his large muzzle into the girl's crotch,
     sniffing at the hot moist pit.  Her face colored in the shadows,
     the dog's interest was testament to the frothing state of her
     pussy.  The clit ring and heavy crucifix had done its work, the
     constant pulling and tugging of its swinging weight during the
     girl's walk had aroused the nub of nerves as assuredly as
     flipping a switch.  The young slut stood expectantly, looking
     around for the old man but saw no one.  Her hungry twat was in an
     uproar as the dog's wet nose rooted at the front of her dress.
     Reaching down the girl grabbed two fists of the cotton fabric and
     pulled it up to her waist baring her legs and crotch to the dog's
     wet muzzle.  The beautiful young girl flex her knees and waist
     thrusting her pelvis forward as she spread her sleek thighs.  The
     coraline lips of her twat parted slightly under the weight of the
     six heavy brass rings that lined her nearly hairless labia.  The
     sparse curls along the fat lips sparkled with beads of her own
     excitement.  The dogs large flews left trails of saliva along the
     girls supple thighs as his head shot forward as he sniffed at the
     cloud of thick female musk that exploded from the hot wet recess
     of the teen's sex.  The dog's long mottled tongue thrust forward
     and lapped at the beautiful young woman's cunt, the long flaps of
     her inner labia blossoming like the petals of an exotic flower
     under the dog's wet probing tongue.

     The wanton college girl felt her nipples harden to painful stubs
     as she offered up her dripping cunt to the black beast rooting
     between her muscled thighs.  The feel of the dog's wet tongue as
     it played amongst the brass rings decorating her sex and tugged
     and pulled at the chain dangling from the ring in her clit caused
     electric sensations to course though her.  Her breath came in
     shallow gasps as she felt the dog's tongue lifting her to a vile
     and debauched climax.  Her skin burned with the obscenity of it
     as the beast tongued her sex in mindless pursuit of her sexual
     secretions.

     "Un-g-g-g-g-h," she groaned through clenched teeth as the vile
     and lewd act forced a climax from her inflamed clitoris.  She
     trembled as her eyes rolled and her legs gave way beneath her.
     She lay on the coarse wooden floor, her large liquid breasts
     lolling on her small chest.  As her head cleared she shivered as
     the dog's assault on the sensitive flesh between her legs
     continue.  Her inflamed clit sending spasms as the dog's coarse
     tongue assailed the now overly sensitive bud.

     As her vision cleared her eyes drifted up to the dangling mass of
     flesh beneath the huge dogs belly.  The massive tube of canine
     flesh wobbled back and forth beneath its muscular hind legs.  The
     teen's womb pulled tight in her belly as she remembered the
     stretching sensation and how the dog had filled her when it had
     mounted her.  She now new why.

     "My god, it's huge."  the giddy girl thought.  "Even bigger than
     the idiot's cock."

     With a small tentative hand she reached out to touch the furry
     black sheath that covered all but the head of the deep red cock.
     Her small white had look tiny against the black fur covered
     sheath as she pumped it gently up and down.  An unfamiliar
     feeling of power flooded through her as she felt the thick rod
     expand beneath her palm as the soft sheath glided over the hard
     rough surface of the dog's dong.  She noticed the frothy yellow
     white band of smegma around the mouth of the sheath as it
     squeegee along the moist surface of the dark red cock.  Her blue
     eyes were perversely drawn to the glistening surface of the cock,
     its barrel crisscrossed by a myriad of dark blue veins but looked
     and felt smooth to the touch.  Her pert nose flared at the rich
     musky smell evolving from the dog's loins, as she subconsciously
     pulled the dog's thick dong toward her.

     The dog continued to slather his tongue over the girl's frothing
     cunt and it's metallic adornments.  She braced her tiny feet
     against the floor and lifted her pelvis upward pushing her
     shoulders into the floor, offering the dog an easier target.  Her
     tiny hand remained locked around the large rod of canine flesh
     pumping the sheath back and forth as more and more of the bestial
     cock protruded immodestly from the protective covering.  Like an
     immense hose the cock elongated and thickened, its blunt snout
     hanging downward like some and obscene elephantine trunk.  The
     young girl reached up with the other hand, to feel at the
     hardened bulge of the dogs swelling knot, still encased in the
     furry sheath.  The knot felt like as large and as hard as a
     baseball.  The girl pumped the swelling cock with more and more
     enthusiasm as she neared a second vile climax.  The long hose
     like cock swung from side to side and swiped a livid glistening
     trail across her cheek and lips of bestial slime.  In reflex the
     pink dart of her tongue shot out and collected a glistening wad
     of bestial pre-cum.  Her taste buds registered the pungent taste
     as her clit exploded in a sympathetic climax.  She wallowed in
     her depravity as the taste burned into her and her body convulsed
     beneath the beast that towered over her frail form.  A depraved
     hunger suddenly drove all reason from lust drugged mind.  Hunger
     turned to overwhelming need as she twisted beneath the large
     panting beast.  Resting on her right hip she arched her neck
     upward as she used her small hands to guide the swaying pipe of
     bestial flesh to her open lips.  Her pink pointed tongue bore
     into the deep dimple in the end of the blunt snout.  She painted
     her pouting lips with the tube of living flesh like some gigantic
     lipstick playing its leaking tip from side to side over her lips
     and tongue.  The clear musky fluid coated her lower face and
     teeth as she and the dog panted out their low mindless lust in
     unison.

     Sliding further under the beast she pushed her gaping mouth onto
     the thick pole capturing the blunt tip in the warm wet cavern of
     her mouth.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-m-h."  she moaned as she gobbled the impossibly
     thick shaft.  Rachel's mind roared, she nearly gagged at thought
     of the pure degeneracy and obscenity of her willful act.  Her
     cunt exploded in another climax as she groveled beneath the
     mindless beast degrading herself for it's mindless pleasure.  Her
     tongue lathed the thick red shaft exploring it, seeking to learn
     its myriad of new tastes it offered her.  The pungency of the
     thick rich lubricant that coated the cock cloyed her sense of
     taste, her swollen clit throbbing in unison to her ravenous
     sucking.  She forced her jaw wider an wider as she attempted to
     swallow more and more of the inflamed prong.  Her left hand
     milked the sheath up and down the thick shaft.  The monstrous dog
     whinnied and stepped from side to side over the girl.  Rachel's
     large tits projected from her chest, their weight pressing one
     onto the other as she lay on her side, where they wobbled to and
     fro as she labored to please the beast.  The beautiful young girl
     lay on the dirty wooden floor and swallowed half the dog's thick
     cock.  Her breath came in labored rushes through her nose as her
     plugged throat convulsed around the red shaft.  Fully three
     inches thick at it's midpoint she could swallow no more and
     continued to milk and suck the pungent nectar from the bestial
     shaft.

     Suddenly the creature stiffened and the shaft trapped in her
     throat spasmed flooding her throat with hot animal sperm.  She
     gasped and choked on the flood of cum.  Streamers flying from her
     delicate nostrils to coat her face, its glistening ribbons
     dripping to decorate the slopes of her quivering melons.  Trying
     to retreat she pulled her head back only to have the dog advance
     driving his prong back into the attractive teens mouth.  The girl
     swallowed gulp after gulp of the rich cream unable to taste the
     treasure she labored to win.  Planting a hand in front of the
     dog's massive knot she pushed back as she withdrew her mouth to
     the spouting tip to capture the last great gouts, and suckle the
     dregs from the great beasts massive balls.

     The obscene girl wallowed beneath the huge dog, one hand feeding
     the pipe like cock to her mouth, the other delving into the
     frothing pit of her sex.  Her finger diddled amidst the rings and
     the clit chain that were liberally coated with the girls own cunt
     slime.  As she suckled and licked the long heavy shaft she
     grasped the large clit ring, twisting and pulling it until she
     exploded in a mind bending orgasm only a degenerate and perverted
     soul could know.

     Having lost interest the great beast withdrew unmindful of his
     lover as she wallowed on the floor in a pool of their mingled
     secretions.




     Chapter 25

     The old man found her lying on the floor her mind groggy from her
     self debauchery.  She slowly became aware of his presence and
     roused herself.  The ever present leer was on his face as he
     watched the young girl rise, and stand meekly before him.  Her
     dress fell modestly back in place hiding her wet sex.  She wiped
     at the wet mess that coated her face and chest.

     "The Padre said I was to come to you today."  the teenager
     whispered.

     "I have been wondering when he would send you to me.  I was
     beginning to think he was keeping you to himself."  The old man
     said as he hawked up a wad of phlegm and spit it on the floor.

     "I see you remember Conquistador," he said with a contemptuous
     laugh.  "Let me have a lookee at you."  he said with a grin the
     exposed the stumps of his rotted teeth.

     The girl hesitated for a second, unsure of what he wanted.

     "Smack", the old man's right had caught her full on the left
     cheek.

     "Do not make me ask you to undress, missee.  You have no thing
     but your big titties and leetle pussy that I want to see."  He
     hissed.  "You are only for fuckee and suckee."

     The 5'7' teenager stood a head taller than the old japanese whose
     stood stooped and wizened.  His dark eyes roamed the girl.  The
     the thin cotton fabric of the girl's dress, damp with sweat,
     hugged every curve of her overripe figure.  Her breasts stood out
     prominately from her chest like two rounded peaks separated by a
     broad valley.  The two halves of the cheap dress met in the
     valley and were held in place by a cloth belt tied at her narrow
     waist.  Her prominent nipples and dark red aureoles were clearly
     visible through the thin light colored fabric.

     The pretty teen raised her hands to untie the knotted belt at her
     waist, her fingers trembling with anticipation.  The short
     withered Asian noticed that the beautiful young girl's nipples
     had hardened and her aureoles had puckered as she began to strip
     for him.  The thing cotton dress gaped open as she let the belt
     drop to the wooden floor.  The old man caught a glimpse of the
     firm rounded curves of her breasts in the gap, just before she
     shrugged her shoulders and the dress fell down her pale arms to
     form a puddle around her feet.

     Hattori felt his withered cock twitch in his loose pants as he
     once again saw the young American girl in all her naked glory.

     "Shit" he thought to himself, as he literally drooled at the
     sight of her.  He reached out a withered bony hand to cup one of
     the girl's large breasts.  She smiled a tense smile and pulling
     back her shoulders and pushing the large orbs out to him in
     offering.  The young pussy began to secrete heavily as she
     remembered the torment and the pleasure she had experienced at
     the hands of the old pervert the last time she had been here.

     Her cupped the heavy bag of flesh running his thumb over her inch
     long nipples, smearing the drops of dog cum over the dark flesh.
     Her nipples appeared larger and more swollen than here
     remembered.  It must be the Padre's attention he thought to
     himself.  His face showed none of the appreciation he felt for
     the perfection of the beautiful girls breasts.  So large and
     firm, only a hint of sag under their prodigious weight, at her
     age.  The long teats, fully an inch long and as thick as a man's
     index finger.  The large raised aureoles puckered to the size of
     a silver dollar, their surface a tight circle of raised
     constricted flesh.  The old man could not resist the impulse, he
     leaned forward to suck one of the thick nipples into his mouth.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-h", the young American moaned, oblivious to the rank
     odor of the old man's breath as he sucked voraciously on her
     right breast.  She pushed her chest out in an involuntary motion
     feeding the old man even more of the pale ivory globe.  The old
     man felt the thick nipple swell against his tongue as he sucked
     and chewed at the girl's flesh.  He stood back leaving her right
     nipple glistening with his foul smelling saliva.  His eyes
     followed the plane of her stomach to the cluster of yellow metal
     at her groin.

     "So I see missee has new decorations", he huffed, stepping
     forward to finger the six brass rings piercing the thick outer
     lips of her labia wet from her heavily secreting cunt.  He hooked
     a finger under the chain dangling from the thick ring through her
     clit and raised it, the chin running past his finger until the
     heavy crucifix rested in his hand.  He shook his head in
     amusement, then turned and walked toward the table pulling the
     surprised girl along by the chain.  She let out a surprised
     whimper and winced in pain as the thick stub of her newly healed
     clit was jerked by the tension on the thick ring running through
     it.

     "Missee sits here," he said motioning to the edge of the table.
     With that he let the cross drop and the girl shuddered as it was
     jerked to a stop by the short chain, sending an electric thrill
     through her swelling clitoris.  She hopped onto the edge of the
     rough wooden table her trim pale bottom making a plopping noise
     she wiggled into position.  The old man quickly ran a four foot
     length of bamboo between the girl's arms and her back, looped a
     cord around each wrist and tied them in front of her, locking her
     arms around the pole.  He then tied a rope harness around her
     waist to which he secured her wrists.  His final act was to
     secure a skull cap harness connected to nasal tines which he
     inserted in the girls pert nose, which he secured to the back of
     the bamboo pole, pulling her head up and back.  He took a moment
     to appreciate his work, the girls shoulders were drawn back,
     causing her ample breasts to be thrust forward, her back arched,
     and neck extended as her head was drawn back by the cruel
     pressure on her delicate nostrils over the crown of her head,
     leaving her eyes wide and her mouth agape.  Satisfied her left
     the room.

     He returned a short while later with a short portly man that
     Rachel had seen in the village square, eyeing her hungrily.  She
     felt the black eyes set narrowly in the dark brown face crawl
     over every inch of her exposed flesh, his thick tongue licking
     his lips nervously.  The nervous twitch in his left eye become
     more pronounced as he stood and rubbed his sweating hands up and
     down the front of his trousers.  The stained white jacket
     announced that he was of the medical trade or had been in some
     distant past.

     "You may begin doctor, the yanquee slut does not mind" the old
     Asian said.  "She will probably like it."  he said as he fingered
     her seeping cunt, and holding up two dripping fingers as proof.

     The white coated man produced a black bag which he sat on the
     table next to the helpless girl's pale thigh.  He produced a
     wicked looking stainless steel syringe with a heavy gauge needle,
     some cotton swabs and a bottle of alcohol.  A glass topped bottle
     contained liquid and several thick brass rings.

     "Who did the piecing of the puta's cunt?"  the man asked.

     "Our good Padre must have done it, they were not there the last
     time, I used the girl", the old man replied.

     "He did good work, a pity though, I would have enjoyed doing it
     myself", the man stated, as he raised a hand to squeeze the girl
     left breast.

     "Such fine big pezonas on this one", he said as he twisted and
     pulled on her swollen nipples.  "I will not have to clamp them or
     apply suction as I did on the little latina whore I fixed for you
     last time, eh?"

     "No, the leetle missee likes her neeples they should be treated
     rough."  Hattori said as he pointed out the faint ligature marks
     and the healed punctures from her last visit.

     "Her big titties, they connected straight to her leetle pussy, I
     think", the white coated man laughed in appreciation.  "Clamps?,
     no we don't need no stinking clamps!!"  he said as he pulled and
     twisted on the red rubber flesh of her teats.

     "Oh-h-h-h-h, m-m-m-m-mh", the attractive teen moaned and arched
     her back even more pushing her huge tits at her tormentor.

     Rachel looked down at the thick long nipples the laughing man had
     between his fingers and despised them.  She felt the buzzing in
     her clit as the stranger twisted and pulled at her prominent
     teats.  She hated how they fed the burning fire in her cunt, a
     fire that ruled her.  The educated woman that had once been her
     fought with the mindless whore she had willfully become within
     the shell of perfect flesh that was her lust inspiring body.  The
     whore and slut in her wanted to be used and degraded, in this the
     old Rachel agreed.  She should be chastised, her flesh mortified
     and punished for its violation of all things decent and moral.
     The thrill of punishment made her grind her breast at the
     stranger, then pull back stretching her nipples.  An excited
     whimper leaked from her slack mouth, her pussy leaving a telltale
     stain of wetness on the wooden table as she squirmed beneath the
     stranger's brutal fingers.

     The Stranger released her swollen nipples and picked up the
     bottle and swabs.  The acrid smell of alcohol reached Rachel's
     panting nostrils as he swabbed her hardened teats, the liquid
     stinging the irritated flesh.

     "Bueno, now we see if the slut is truly a whore like Maria.  He
     said as he brandished the syringe.

     "Oh-h-h-h-h-h-h, n-o-o-o-o-o," the attractive teen's mind
      screamed in silent protest and final resignation.

     The white coated stranger held a rubber stopper against the
     inside of the girl's left nipple and pressed the thick needle to
     the outside slowly twisting it as he pushed it through the
     sensitive resisting flesh.  As he pushed he lowered his face to
     within inches of the beautiful face of the bound girl.

     "You like?  Does the leetle slut like the way Emilio treats her
     leetle titties?, he hissed, his breath foul from last nights
     singani, the local equivalent of vodka.

     Rachel barely heard the man, the lancing pain in her nipple
     bringing only a long low moan of pleasure as her cunt convulsed
     under the reverberation of her swollen clit.

     "No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o" she moaned as the intense wave of pleasure
     rippled out from the long livid finger of her pierced clit.  Her
     guts cramped and twisted as the pain induced climax coursed
     through her.  Her glassy eyes failed to see the Strangers
     satisfied smile only inches from her sweating trembling face.
     The her ivory body shuddered and jerked as the climax completed
     as the needle imbedded itself in its rubber target impaling the
     swollen flesh of her thick teat.  As the Stranger watched with
     sadistic satisfaction, a thick drop of ruby colored blood dripped
     from the rigid flesh that capped her out thrust breast to drop on
     her pale thigh.

     Detaching the needle and leaving it in place her turned his
     attention to her other painfully hard nipple.  With the same
     practiced care he pierced her other thick nipple.  Playfully he
     pulled and twisted the newly violated few bring one orgasm after
     another cascading through the attractive young slut's body.

     "She is a whore, no?  The pain she makes her cum easily, si?, the
     Stranger said to the old man as he sat stroking his cock as he
     watched the lewd performance play out before him.

     The white coated man cleaned and emplaced the thick brass rings
     through the fresh piercings in the moaning girl's nipples.
     Before he sealed the ends with a large bead, Hattori handed him
     ceramic jar from which he removed two brass bells.  He affixed
     them to the rings and sealed them.

     "You are now truly a puta, a village whore.  All will know you by
     the bells.  You will be free to use by everyone."  the stranger
     sniggered.

     Hattori nodded in response to the Strangers inquiring glance.

     The man hurridly opened his fly, his stiffened prong curving
     upward in the dim light.  He grasped the young girl behind the
     thighs and pulled her toward the edge of the table.  Freeing his
     right hand he slotted his throbbing cock between the sopping lips
     of the moaning girls twat.

     "Uh-n-n-n-n-n-h, y-e-e-e-e-s-s-s-s-s", the girl squealed as the
     Strangers cock lanced deep into her cunt.  His rapid fire and
     urgent thrusts buffeted her as his hips pounded the back of her
     thighs causing her newly pierced tits to jounce and jiggle as
     they rolled across her chest, the tinkling of her new nipple
     bells burning indelibly into her consciousness.

     Her clit exploded at the realization that she had been marked a
     whore, she hunched against the Stranger as her clit chain swung
     and pulled at the insane flesh between her legs.  Another and
     final climax coursed through her as she felt the Strangers
     scalding seed geyser into her stuffed cunt and run down the crack
     between her firm cheeks.

     "I am a whore" a part of the beautiful American thought to
     herself with a thrill...another part of her cried.




Chapter 26

     The young teen lay glistening like a large white fetus on the
     wooden floor in the dim light.  Her pale for stood out in stark
     contrast to the dark rotting wood.  Her arms were no longer bound
     and the blood oozing from her freshly pierced nipples had turned
     a rusty brown.  The only movement was the rise and fall of her
     chest which caused her melonous breasts to jiggle.  Her supple
     arms and thin wrists still showed the ligature marks from the
     thin cord that had bound them.  Her face bore a angelic look of
     satisfaction and peace.  A slight smile curved the full lips.  A
     health glow lit the smooth flawless cheeks.  The sparsely haired
     freshly fucked gash between her legs was visible, clenched tight
     by her long thighs.  Her long labia protruded like an obscene
     tongue dripping saliva, only the saliva was the spent seed of the
     three men that lounged around the dark room.  Hattori finally
     rose and nudged the girl's thigh with a sandaled foot.

     "Time for Missee to go home", he said curtly.  "We done with slut
     Misse for now."

     The Stranger and Tahio, watched as she rose slowly and stood
     stark naked in front of them, not sure what to do, as her new
     whore's bells tinkled as her breathing caused her balloon like
     breasts to jiggle.

     Hattori threw her the soiled rags that passed for her dress and
     the men watched as walked to the door clutching the garment to
     her newly violated chest.  She nearly collided with Maria.  She
     raised her eyes and saw the vacant look of the young Bolivian.
     The young indian girl stood as she did, naked save for the
     whore's bells that hung from her pierced nipples.  The ivory
     brown skin of the young Bolivian bore similar marks as the young
     American's.  Her breasts, while not as large, were full and
     heavy, her large dark aureoles circled long nipples pierced by
     thick brass rings.  A thin chain ran between the two rings and
     was joined by another that disappeared into the thick thatch of
     black hair between the woman's legs.  A rounded belly stood above
     the womans strong thighs.

     Her brown eyes searched Rachel's face for a moment, then she
     lowered her head, her long black hair forming a veil around her
     bowed head, and walked into the room.  The young American left
     the hut stopping only to drape the thin cotton around herself,
     she heard voices rise as commands were given to the Bolivian girl
     now entertaining the men.

     Rachel paused on her way toward the church only long enough to
     pull the thin dress over her naked form.  She walked in bare feet
     through the humid evening air her mind a torrent of conflicting
     emotions over her new role in this corner of the world.

     Laughing voices came from out of the dark as three men came into
     view as music played in the distance.  The men staggered from the
     direction a cantina on a side street.  Their laughter and uneasy
     gait attested to the effects of singani and cerveza.  Rachel
     tried to blend into the shadows of the large trees of the central
     plaza but to no avail.  One of the men stopped at the tinkling of
     her new bells.

     "Atencion!  I hear the bells of la puta."  one of the men
     announced over the laughs of his compadres.  His dark eyes
     searched the shadows and he caught a faint glimpse of Rachel as
     she moved off toward the church.

     "You there, Puta!  Come here, there are some muy macho hombres
     for you to service!, he yelled after the young American girl.

     Rachel felt her pussy pull tight in her belly, she slowed and
     began to walk toward the men as if her feet had a will of their
     own.  The beautiful teenager could not suppress the excited
     thrill she felt at the what loomed before her.  The men kept up a
     drunken banter laughing and making lewd comments only a few of
     which the young girl could understand.  She understood enough to
     know that the men were oil field workers here for a night of
     drinking.  The dark of the night apparently hid the young
     American teen's identity from the drunken Bolivian men.  With a
     thrill she realized that they thought she was a Bolivian girl,
     probably Maria.  They knew her only by the whore's bells.

     The men advanced and pulled the young girl into the entry of a
     narrow alley.  In there drunken state they didn't notice the
     former missionary's height as she fell to her knee's before the
     drunk and dirty men.  In an instant the once proud future lawyer
     busied herself as her small white fingers helped the calloused
     hands of the indian laborers free their stiffening cocks from
     their khaki work pants.

     The young girl's head reeled as she freed the hard cocks.  The
     smell of sweat of days of hard work in the jungle heat sprang
     from their unwashed bodies engulfing the excited teen in a cloud
     of masculine smells.  Her excited hands tugged and pulled at the
     belts of the men trying to expose more than just the luscious
     shafts to her oral attentions.  The men laughed and talked
     coarsely about the frustrated whimpers that came from the
     groveling young woman.  As she rummaged at the men's pants in the
     dark, their calloused hands played over the young girls body.
     Appreciative grunts and comments welled from the drunken men as
     they felt up her huge breasts, pulling and tweaking the long
     stiff nipples that bore the brass bells that marked her shame.

     "Madre di dios, la pechas grande!"  one of the men said as he
     palmed one of the massive bags of flesh hanging from her chest.
     They jutted out from her small rib cage like a shelf of flesh.
     The cleavage between the firm orbs a dark cleft in the horizontal
     surface formed by the tops of the huge bags of flesh.  His hand
     traced along the near horizontal upper surface of one breast, his
     rough palm pausing at the long finger like pierced nipple, that
     stood proud, thrusting through the thin fabric, refusing to droop
     under the weight of the thick brass ring and bell that hung from
     it.  The thick projecting nipple marked where the huge breast
     curved downward in a deep graceful arc under its own prodigious
     weight to rejoin her small trim ribcage.  The beautiful American
     teen groaned with pleasure as three pair of hands roamed her
     chest squeezing the firm orbs in appreciation.  She raised her
     arms as the men felt her up allowing them greater access to her
     big titties.  Her hands played to the front of their dirty pants,
     her slender fingers tracing the outlines or their swelling cocks
     as the men laughed at her greedy behavior.

     The beautiful young American was overcome with excitement as her
     hands freed the three brown cocks from the dirty fabric that
     imprisoned them.  Her thin dress was pulled from her shoulders
     and she surrendered her grip on the cocks long enough to shrug
     the garment immodestly down her smooth arms.  Her pale chest
     shone like ivory in the night as she buried her face in the groin
     of first one then another of the strangers.  Her mind was a riot
     of obscene feelings and images.  Her poor pussy pulled tight at
     the thought of what her mother would see if she could see her
     now.

     Her she was the once prim and proper Rachel Falwell, half naked
     on her knees before three men, men that were complete strangers,
     indian men, common workers that her mother would never think of
     letting into her home!  Her she was allowing them to run their
     hands over her body, as she pushed her face into their hairy
     filthy groins, her petite nose inhaling the delightfully
     masculine smell of their sweaty balls and unwashed asses.  All
     thoughts of law school, home and family disappeared as her small
     pink tongue snaked out to trace the pulsing veins that
     crisscrossed the sperm filled balls of the oil field workers.
     Her plump pouting lips shone wet with her excited saliva as she
     sucked and lapped at each filthy scrotum in turn.  Her dainty
     hands holding the pulsing cocks upright as she dipped her head
     wedging it between each pair of muscular thighs in order to fill
     her hungry mouth with the men's pulsing sperm sacks.

     "My gawd, I'm sucking the cocks of three complete strangers."
     she thought.  A week ago the thought of them merely touching her
     would have caused her stomach to heave, and now she knelt
     nuzzling their stinking balls and her stomach churned not with
     disgust, but excitement.  She wanted to feel their coarse hair on
     her smooth cheeks, the weight of there sperm filled balls in
     hands, their plumpness in her mouth.  She wanted to taste and
     feel their swollen cocks in her mouth and taste the pasty slime
     of their cum across her tongue.

     "Gl-l-l-g-g-g-h, m-m-m-m-m-m-h" she moaned as she stuffed her
     mouth greedily with the short thick prong of one of the faceless
     strangers.  He grunted in satisfaction, as her lips slid up and
     down his brown cock, sliding the foreskin with it.  Her mouth
     filled with the taste of the rancid secretions that had built up
     beneath his foreskin.  The young teen's swirling tongue cleaned
     the swelling knob and she giggled with delight as his hands
     forced her head further down his rigid staff.  Her pert nose
     snorted into his coarse black pubes as her face mashed against
     the paunch of his stomach.  She gurgled and cooed as he thrust
     the prong into her throat.  She carefully covered her small pearl
     like teeth with her lips as she raised her face as not to scrape
     the sensitive flesh of the stranger cock fucking her face.

     The hands of the men became more demanding as they wanted their
     share of the feminine feast before them.  Rachel was oblivious to
     the sharp gravel that cut into her knees as she worked to please
     the men, sucking on one cock as her dainty hands pumped the other
     two up and down.  All the while the men milked her swelling
     breasts, pulling and twisting the thick rings that violated her
     thick pink nipples.

     The wanton young girl moans or pleasure were lost to the fleshy
     stalk that pumped in and out of her violated yet unresisting
     throat.  Finally overcome by impatience, the man to her right
     pulled free and stepped to the side out of her field of view as
     she turned her cock-stuffed face.  She felt him pull her dress
     above her waist, his demanding fingers probing for her wet sex.
     The young slut braced herself, her back arching as she spread her
     knees leaning into the faceless man fucking her mouth.  Her
     forehead pressed into his fleshy paunch as she steadied herself
     with a left hand as it continued to pump the rigid cock of the
     man to her left.  A deep moaning groan leaked from around the
     cock plugging her mouth as the man behind her drove his slotted
     cock deep into her sopping cunt.

     The young slut giggled in giddy delight as the strange indian
     pumped his short thick cock into her willing cunt.  His dirty
     brown hands spread the firm muscular cheeks of her ivory colored
     ass.  He playfully thrust his dirty thumb against the raw pink
     mouth of her once virgin ass.  His dirty nail scraping the
     sensitive flesh as it forced it's way past the rubbery mouth.

     Her round buttocks flexed atop her long thighs as she pushed back
     against the stranger fucking her from behind as she sucked
     ravenously on the two cocks that her hands fed to her eager
     mouth.

     Her huge breasts hung heavily beneath her as she knelt like a
     great cow waiting to be bred.  Her thick pierced clit throbbed as
     the heavy chain and cross swung between her thighs as the
     indian's pelvis pounded against her upturned ass.  The buzz grew
     into a roar as a dirty vile climax washed over her, the hands and
     cocks of three strangers plucking at the young American's strings
     and playing her like a well worn guitar.  Vile pleasure like a
     too powerful drug rose and nearly gagged the young girl as she
     wallowed in it's forbidden excess.  The horrified faces of her
     mother and father drifted along pushing her orgasm to new heights
     as she continued to please the men that were using her.

     Almost in unison the men groaned, their filthy degrading talk
     reached a peak as their throbbing cocks began to spout the slimy
     contents of their hairy brown balls.  The eager young slut felt
     the cock in her cunt swell and pulse, the liquid wet explosion of
     his filthy seed sent her sliding down the slimy ramp of another
     obscene climax.  Her sucking mouth went slack as the dirty climax
     turned her vision white, the cock in her mouth erupted catching
     her off guard, her throat momentarily clogged with the thick
     spume that clung to her epiglottis and rear molars like a great
     wad of immovable mucus.  Her throat spasmed as she fought for
     breath, the thick plug like cock driven forward by the strangers
     khaki clad hips.  The brass teeth of a zipper cut her clinging
     lips as she drove her face against the bristly mat of pubic hair
     around the cock's root, as she desperately tried to swallow it's
     girth.  In defeat desperate for air she withdrew her as a thick
     final gout of yellowish sperm erupted skyward from the mouth of
     the erect cock, the thick ribbon landing across the eager
     upturned face of the young girl.  The yellowish scum left a scar
     like trace across the pert white nose and blushing cheek of the
     young American.

     "A-a-a-w-w-w-w-w-w-h", she groaned in frustration, her mouth open
     like a feeding chick, tongue flicking the underside of the
     upright cock.

     Her eager eyes turned to the left toward a masculine groan her
     educated hand pulling the erupting cock to her open mouth.  A
     long serpentine rope exploded from the brown column of gristle
     firmly clenched in her dainty fist.  It sparkled in the moonlight
     as it rose and fell wetly across her upturned face.  Her eager
     flicking tongue caught a thick portion as it fell across her open
     lips and she gulped it down gluttonously.  Her lips and tongue
     making smacking gurgling sounds as she feasted on the thick
     yeasty seed of the faceless indian.  Her tongue played over her
     paste covered teeth as she savored the fluid thick with pasty
     sperm.


     The stranger behind her withdrew his shrinking cock and patted
     her wiggling upturned ass as he stepped away.  Her cum stained
     face turned toward him in the dark, her anglo features hidden in
     the shadows.

     She nuzzled the two other cocks licking and sucking the dregs of
     their cum like some starving wretch, oblivious to the meaning of
     the coarse and demeaning words in Spanish the laughing men heaped
     on her head like so much shit.  The intent of the men's hissed
     Spanish was clear, as they called her "pig", "whore", "slut" "cum
     eater" and every vile demeaning name their small intellects could
     muster.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-m-h" the young slut moaned as she rubbed the
     deflating cocks across her face, smearing the thick paste like
     cum across her attractive features.  The words of the men sending
     throbbing shock waves through the disgustingly swollen tube of
     her pierced clit.  The young American knelt before the stranger
     men, having received their corrupting lust, and wallowed in their
     contempt.  She shuddered as another climax ran through her fueled
     by self contempt and disgust.

     The indian workmen pushed the young whore away, laughing as she
     fell from her knees to her side in the dirt of the street, her
     obscenely large breasts wobbling across her chest ringing her
     whore's bells in the night.




     Chapter 27


     Rachel sat at the wooden table and watched as the old priest
     entered the room accompanied by a short fat man in a tattered
     uniform.

     "This is Senor Juan Domingo, he is with the state postal service
     and has a letter from your father."

     Rachel sat silently but her heart leapt at the news.

     "The Senor has come a long way to deliver the letter", the Padre
     intoned.  "I told him you would be very appreciative if he
     delivered it in person, and show him your gratitude."

     Without a thought Rachel rose from the table and faced the short
     fat man.  He looked at her and nervously licked his lips, sweat
     beading his forehead as he gazed on the tall anglo beauty.  A
     tense smile formed on the girls full lips as her arms crossed her
     chest to opposite shoulders and pulled the thin cotton peasant's
     dress down her arms.

     The young girl heard the appreciative intake of breath as the fat
     man saw the naked majesty of her breasts but dared not look him
     in the eye.  The fat postman drew his pudgy frame up on seeing
     the submissiveness of the tall Yankee teen.  Bolstering his
     courage his he reached forward with a thick fingered hand and
     cupped one of Rachel's massive breasts.

     A sudden intake of breath at the touch of the stranger was the
     only response the young girl gave as she stood there motionless.

     The Padre nodded to the fat man and left the room closing the
     door behind him.

     The fat postman could hardly contain his glee.  "Never, never in
     his wildest dreams cold he have hoped to have at his beck and
     call such a beauty.  And an anglo beauty at that!  Here was some
     haughty anglo bitch from the Stados Unitos and she was his to do
     as he liked", he thought incredulously.  As the realization sank
     in he seemed to gain in height as he looked up at the tall girl.

     "Take off the dress, puta", he said with sudden confidence.  "And
     get on your knees."

     In silence the young American did as she was told.  Her dirty
     peasant's dress falling into a rumpled pile at her feet, she
     kicked it aside as she dropped to her knees naked in front of the
     fat little man, her large breasts jiggling.

     "You are here to show me gratitude.  You can do that by giving me
     pleasure and doing all that I ask without hesitation;" he said as
     he fumbled with the buckle of his belt.  He half turned as he
     drew the black leather belt from around his waist like a sword.
     Without warning he brought his arm in a sweeping arch and lashed
     the heavy belt full across the surprised girl's breasts.

     "Aie-e-e-e-e-e-e-e-e",the young teen screamed as the belt lashed
     across her naked flesh again and again.  Livid welts sprang from
     the pale flesh as she fell to a fetal position in an attempt to
     protect herself.  The blows stopped and the corpulent little man
     stepped over to her cowering form.  Wrapping a pudgy fist in her
     dirty blonde hair he raised her head and sneered into her
     whimpering face.

     "You are to bring me pleasure."  he said simply.  "Your pain
     pleases me."  He dragged the whimpering girl by the hair across
     the floor to beneath an over hanging beam.  His short fat form
     contrasted greatly with the tall anglo girl that cowered at his
     feet as he drew a length of thin cord from his pocket and threw
     it over the beam.  With practiced ease he tied the thin cord to
     the rings in the young girls large nipples, forming an inverted
     "y" and pulled her to her feet as he jerked on the opposite end
     hanging over the beam.  Rachel groaned as she clambered to her
     feet under the tension on her fat nipples.

     The fat postman laughed at her distress and raised her on tiptoe.
     Holding the rope in one hand he used the other to run the free
     end through the rings in the attractive teens labia and clit and
     quickly harshly pulled up the slack.  He ran the cord through the
     rings several times and tied it off securely.  The beautiful girl
     now stood immobile, the tension on the rope holding her heavy
     breasts suspended by their nipple rings and anchored to the rings
     imbedded in the tender flesh of her pierced labia.  He then
     clipped the cords along their length to form one double strand
     running from the girl to the beam.  To the traveled eye the poor
     girl looked as if she was playing out a bad parody of the Sioux
     initiation rites whereby young warriors were hung by their
     pierced pectoral muscles.  She stood on tiptoe, tension of the
     cord lifting her immense breasts by their thick nipple rings and
     stretching the her labia by the merciless pull on the six rings
     imbedded there.

     The sadistic fat man walked behind the girl as he pulled another
     cord from his pocket.  The young slut had her hands under her
     aching breasts attempting to relieve the pull on her labia and
     nipples.  He pulled first one then the other of the unresisting
     girl's sleek arms behind her and tied together above the elbow.
     The thin cord cut harshly into the smooth white skin of the
     whimpering young teenager.

     The fat man stood sweating profusely.  His hands trembled with
     excitement, His thick tongue flicked out to lick at his lips.
     The pig like black eyes imbedded in the fat face look
     malevolently at the now helpless girl.  He walked quietly around
     the pale pillar of flesh that hung before him, the black strip of
     leather belt trailing from his right hand like a dead snake.

     Despite his outward calm, he was beside himself with excitement.
     His stump of a cock had hardened, his palms were wet with sweat,
     and his breath came in quick gasps.  His mind reeled at his good
     fortune.  Here before him was a beauty beyond his wildest dreams,
     entirely at his mercy.  Sadistic fires gleamed behind his dark
     eyes.  Here was a village slut, a white anglo beauty whom he
     could vent his perverse desires upon.  Without the restraint
     imposed by the Padre, he would gladly kill the girl for his own
     pleasure.  Denying him that only fueled his desire to draw every
     ounce of pleasure he could from that which was allowed.

     The black leather strip snaked out caressed the underside of
     Rachel's breasts.  A large livid red welt immediately sprang from
     the smooth pale flesh.  She screamed and twisted in a futile
     attempt to avoid the next blow from the heavy leather.  The fat
     man's arm rose and fell as the helpless girl turned and twisted
     under the rafter.  The cord pulled and jerked as her breasts
     jiggled and joggled as she moved to avoid the punishing blows.

     A island of pleasure rose through the beautiful girl's torrent of
     pain.  The blows burned her skin like fire, raising angry blood
     red welts across her pale white skin.  The merciless cord pulled
     and jerked at the ring in her clitoris and nipples.  Her mind
     chose to focus on those feelings rather than the pain.  Each blow
     to her breast brought a burst of pleasure mixed with pain as the
     heavy bouncing flesh jerked the cord and thick swollen clitoris.
     With each burst of pleasure she hated herself more and tried to
     the blows less in punishment, and only increased the degree of
     pleasure she felt.  As suddenly as the pain began is subsided as
     the flood of endorphin saturated her brain.  Only the pleasure of
     her torment remained cutting clearly through her bodies self
     induced high.  She drifted on a cloud, the buzz in her obscenely
     thick and swollen clit exploding in a series of firecracker like
     climaxes with each blow of the fat man's belt.

     "U-h-h-h-h-h-h-h, a-h-h-h-h-h-h-h", she moaned as she grunted out
     a vile and base orgasm through slack drool wet lips.  She no
     longer even attempted to avoid the incessant blows that rained
     down upon her unresisting flesh.  Her once flawless skin was a
     riot of red welts, the sweat that ran in rivulets down her form
     shimmered in the light, as the belt struck her with a wet
     thudding sound.

     Rachel convulsed as one climax after another seared her
     consciousness.  She smiled a drugged smile as she wallowed in a
     sea of endorphins.  She her back to offer up her chest to the
     bite of the Fat man's belt, knowing her reward would be yet
     another climax as the kiss of the strap on her sensitive skin
     would cause a jerk on her impossibly swollen clit.  Every
     conscious movement of her muscled body was calculated to offer a
     new target to the corpulent sadist, or to voluntarily increase
     tension on her tortured parts.

     She willingly wallowed in a cesspool of self hatred and abuse,
     needing the Fat man to do what she could not.  She needed, no she
     craved the mortification of her flawless flesh as penance for
     what she had become.  Yet she knew that far it was far from
     penance, it was pleasure, so far had she fallen, she was beyond
     punishment.  She now extracted pleasure from every act of
     perversion, degradation or punishment, no matter how vile or
     obscene.

     She looked down at her striped breasts, the blood red weeping
     welts that crisscrossed the once flawless white skin, and a vile
     shuddering climax ignited her swollen clit.  The thought, oh, the
     vile obscene, thought of it, excited her such that she relaxed
     her legs caused the taut cord to pull and jerk at her violated
     clitoris and nipples causing yet another climax to burst in her
     fogged brain.

     The fat Postman stood back as his arms and shoulders cramped from
     the effort of the prolonged flogging.  "Never had he seen a slut
     such as this", he thought as the sweat streamed down his piggish
     face.  His stump of a cock throbbed in his pants as he considered
     resuming his work while he watched the beautiful anglo slut
     debase and torment herself, jerking and pulling the cord causing
     herself to cum.  He looked at the wet stain beneath her pale red
     striped body.  Her sweat ran in streams dripping from her bound
     arms, matting her blonde hair to her face and shoulders.

     The girl's firm bottom bore angry weeping welts from his belt,
     her sleek muscular thighs were marked by the bit of the belt as
     well, flexing as she pulled at the cord to torture and pleasure
     herself.  The flat expanse of her belly, her muscular back and
     shoulders, and the immense upturned mounds of her breasts all
     bore the mark of the belt.  Angry, swollen red welts crisscrossed
     the once smooth flawless white skin.  He reckoned it would take
     years if ever for the marks of his work to disappear.  He smiled
     as he thought that here he had added his own signature to perfect
     work of god.  Like a hack sculptor adding details to
     Michaelangelo's David, he had indelibly marked the perfect body
     of the young anglo slut.

     Stepping forward, he produced a knife and cut the cord above the
     girl.  Unprepared she fell to the floor in a wet heap a dreamy
     far away look to her lovely blue eyes.  Bending forward, the fat
     man cut the bonds holding her arms.  She sighed as circulation
     returned to her bluish hands.

     Standing with his fat hands on his hips he watched as the girl
     struggled to pull her self toward him on her numbed arms, the
     severed cords dragging behind her.  She paused once shuddering
     though an orgasm as her knee caught the trailing cord jerking the
     ring in her clit.

     Reaching the squat man's legs she pushed her throbbing breasts
     against his leg as she rose up and kissed the hand that held the
     stained belt.  Her numb fingers struggled with the zipper at the
     front of his uniform pants, marching up and down searching for
     the short stump of his cock.  Once open she pushed her face
     deeply into the pocket of coarse fabric, her eager tongue
     searching out the short brown column of flesh.  I took only a few
     moments for her suctioning mouth to coax his small churning balls
     to give up their load of thick yellowish cum.  She suckled his
     wilting stump until with a grunt he shoved her away and watched
     her fall into a dreamy sweaty heap on the dirty floor, a string
     of rancid sperm hanging from her bottom lip across her small
     chin.  As the beautiful young American drifted off into a dreamy
     slumber her fading eyes watched the fat little man place a single
     forgotten envelope between the rings that punctured her tortured
     sodden labia before he walked toward the heavy wooden door.




     Chapter 28

     Hattori watched counting a stack of dirty bills as Maria sat on
     the thick prong of the roughneck's cock imbedded in her ass.  Her
     legs were splayed by the dirty hands he had behind her knees.
     The thick mat of pubic hair that normally shielded her pussy was
     gaping, it's lips adorned with the glittering brass rings marking
     her enslavement and clogged with the white paste of the most
     recent stranger's sperm.


     The old Asian surveyed the room full of Bolivian oil field
     workers, fresh from months in the jungle of the Robore.  Their
     pockets were as heavy with hard earned pay as their scrotums were
     with pent up sperm.  The young Bolivian girl's hands worked at
     the cocks of the two men that stood to either side of her chest.
     Their rigid angry rods projecting menacingly over her face.  She
     guided them deftly one at a time to the oval of her mouth licking
     them as she skinned back their foreskins.  Her flicking leaving
     the rods of flesh glistening and wet as she prepared them to fuck
     her cunt.

     As she labored at the cocks in her fists, another stranger took
     his place between her splayed legs, slotted his thick brown cock
     between her swollen sodden labia and sank his staff into her to
     the roots.

     "Unh-g-g-g-g-g-h", she grunted as she felt the new invader slip
     into her well oiled cunt along side the thick resident in her
     stretched ass.  The twin invaders filled her to bursting.  The
     movement of the two cocks pushed her once again over the edge as
     she squealed out another orgasm around the spa de-like cock head
     that stuffed her mouth.

     The stranger beneath her pumped his hips against her soft ample
     bottom, rocketing her up against the cock that drubbed against
     her thick cervix.

     She bounced back and forth between the two roughnecks as they
     labored to relieve the throbbing in their heavy sperm laden
     balls.  An incessant chatter came from the surrounding tables as
     the men, both those waiting their turns, and those that had
     finished and returned to their beers, watched the young brown
     skinned whore take on all comers.

     Her sperm stained dress was bunched around her waist baring her
     cunt to the view of all as the two cocks stretched and stuffed
     her.  The top of her dress hung around her middle, her ample
     breasts jiggling and bouncing across her chest as she was
     buffeted between the pistoning cocks.  Her brown nipples stood
     erect in the cool night air, the brown skin of her chest flecked
     with white drops of sperm spilt from her hungry mouth.

     She swirled her tongue around the head head of the slim cock she
     fed into her mouth.  Her head reeled at the musky taste that
     filled her mouth.  "How many had it been?"  she asked herself,
     forgetting the question and the answer as a strong hand turned
     her head and the spongy snout of a cock pressed against her
     pursed brown lips.  Eagerly she opened her mouth to the demanding
     invader and engulfed it in the warm wet confines of her eagerly
     sucking mouth.  No hand need guide her as she forced her face
     forward to accept the length of the fleshy rod into her throat.
     A groan of satisfaction greeted her ears as she swallowed the
     entire length of the strangers cock.  The strangers moans of
     satisfaction mixed with the wet smacking and slurping sounds that
     emitted from the stuffed wet confines of her cunt and ass.

     The attractive young Bolivian slut shuddered out a gut wrenching
     climax as she felt the two cocks expand as one and begin pulsing
     as they spewed out their liquid slime into her clasping spasming
     orifices.  The grunts and moans of the fuckers brought forth a
     cheer from the crowded room as the spectators watched with
     appreciation as the girl and her lovers groaned our their mutual
     climax.

     Hatori wasted no time in recruiting eager new roughnecks from
     those waiting a turn at the young whore.  As one positioned
     himself on the table, Maria finished lapping at the pasty sperm
     she had coaxed from the cock in her mouth.

     The bony hands of the old Asian gripped her by the arm as he
     helped her mount the table and position her plump bottom over the
     upright column of the new cock.  With practiced ease she squatted
     over the upright cock, as she reached between her splayed thighs
     and guided it into the stretched mouth of her raw anus.

     "U-h-h-h-h-h-h", she groaned as she felt the thick post sink into
     her guts as she let her weight carry her down till her plump ass
     cheeks rested on his thighs.  She laid back on the strangers
     chest and sighed at the full stretched feeling in her bottom and
     the feel of the miner's rough hands as he reached around and
     cupped her full breasts.

     He had just begun a rhythmic pumping when a second stranger
     positioned himself between her splayed knees and slotted his cock
     between the rings marking the opening to her well used cunt.  He
     strummed his dirty thumb across the erect nub of her clitoris and
     was rewarded when the young slut shuddered in a quick orgasm, her
     eager eyes searching his whiskered face in graditude.  He placed
     his strong hands behind the unresisting girl's knees and cranked
     her legs up and open, pushing her plump bottom down against the
     thick cock drilling into her rectum.  He sank his long cock into
     the willing cunt of the girl as she pulled him forward, her small
     hands on his denim clad hips.

     Soon two cocks filled her small hands as two other impatient
     roughnecks sought relief at the young indian girl's mouth.  She
     smiled as she brought first one, then the other stiff prongs to
     her mouth like lollipops and eagerly lapped and sucked at the
     musky masculine flesh.

     Near the end of the long evening, as Maria sat lapping at the
     sperm that clung to the foreskin of a softening cock, she had
     lost count of the number of spurting cocks she had taken in her
     mouth, cunt and ass.  The attractive Bolivian girl felt as though
     her belly sloshed with the collective sperm of assembly of men.
     Her jaw ached and her poor lips felt raw from the demanding cocks
     that had been offered to her mouth and she had willing accepted.
     She sighed with contentment at the singular throbbing that came
     from her abused cunt and ass as a stream of semen leaked from the
     two stretched orifices and dribbled down the back of her thighs.

     The conversation between the Hefe and Hattori went unnoticed by
     the girl as she eagerly lapped and suckled at a newly offered
     cock.  The old Asian eagerly accepted a wrinkled stack of paper
     bills and added them to the tall stack of bolivianos the young
     whore had already earned for him.

     A few barked commands from the hefe and the girl was lifted from
     her spot on the floor and placed on her knees on a table in the
     center of the cantina.  Several of the roughnecks held her arms
     out to the sides forcing her to rest her cheek on the beer
     stained table.  Two others sitting at the table grasped her
     calves with one hand while retaining their grip on their cervesas
     with the other.

     Maria grunted as she felt the Hefe's fingers force their way
     between the raw swollen lips of her cunt.  He forced two, then
     three and finally wormed all four of his fingers into her
     stretched bottom.  His fingers feeling like worms tunneling into
     her guts as he struggled to force his hand in past his knuckles.

     "A-w-w-w-w-w-w-wh-h-h, u-u-u-u-h-h-h-h!!!", she groaned as he dug
     his thumb in under the stretched mouth of her cunt as it
     constricted around his big hand.

     Worming and pushing, the Hefe forced more and more of his hand
     into the girl as she squirmed against the hands restraining her.
     Her piteous moans and pleas were drowned out by the laughter and
     cheers of the room of drunken men as they watched their company
     Hefe fist the struggling young woman.

     With an almost audible "pop" the Hefe's big hand slid in past the
     palm and the elastic mouth of the girl's stretched cunt closed
     around his thick wrist.

     "Uh-h-h-h-h-h-n-n-n-n-n", she groaned as an orgasm ran through
     her triggered by her sheer humiliation.  The big man's fingers
     wormed and clawed at her insides, scratching and digging into her
     cervix as they squirmed amid the thick mass of sperm that filled
     her overflowing cunt.

     One after another the climaxes took her as she wiggled her plump
     upturned bottom from side to side, the men cheered as their Hefe
     pumped and twisted his fist into the pretty Bolivian girl's cunt.




     Chapter 29


     The tall teen sat strapped into the chair as the Priest busied
     himself with instruments laying on a strip of black cloth on the
     wooden table to her right.  The young American teen was secured
     to the chair by cords binding her feet to the front legs of the
     chair and her arms were tied to the heavy wooden arms rests.  The
     old Padre had also secured her head against the back of the chair
     by a two cloth bands, one around her forehead and the other
     around her mouth.  The only movement from the attractive young
     woman was the darting of her fear widened blue eyes.

     She sat wondering in fear seeing only the broad back of the black
     priest as he stood at the table.  Her thin cotton peasant's dress
     molded to her majestic chest, her large breasts separating
     heavily creating a large deep valley between them which was
     beaded with perspiration born of heat and fear.

     Vivid red welts marked the pale skin of the girl that was not
     covered by the tattered dress.  In spots the fine smooth skin had
     been ruptured by the bite of an instrument of discipline and were
     weeping or had scabbed over.  Her bare feet were dirty, her fine
     blond hair matted and dirty.

     The fat old Padre turned from the table to face the girl that had
     been place in his keeping by her trusting father.  He gazed on
     the wretch he saw before him.  In little more than two weeks the
     beautiful young teen had gone from a haughty self righteous
     bitch, playing the benevolent and condescending missionary, to
     village whore, forever marked, her once perfect body bearing the
     lasting marks of her trade.  Her soul forever stained with the
     vile lust born sperm and semen of strange men.  Her mind and body
     had become addicted to the pleasures of the flesh, turning the
     once beautiful 18 year old into a slave of pain and humiliation,
     obscenity and perversion.

     Even as she sat facing the unknown in fear, her insatiable quim
     simmered, heated by the unquenchable fire in her thick rigid
     clit.  The abnormally long and thick bundle of nerves projected
     like a small finger from its protective hood, held in perpetual
     state of arousal by the thick brass ring that pierced it.  A
     small trickle of vaginal secretions ran from her cunt and ran
     between the firm cheeks of the girls ass.

     The Padre held a long skewer in his right hand.  He swabbed it
     with a damp square of medical cheese cloth.  Without a word he
     stepped toward the girl.  He placed the thumb and forefinger of
     his left hand on the young girl's nostrils.  He pulled back to
     reveal the pink flesh of the septum that separated the nostrils
     of her fine delicate nose.  Without a word he pushed the skewer
     though the cartilage with a "crunch".

     The girl whimpered through the cloth that gagged her and held her
     head immobile as he turned the skewer to enlarge the hole and
     then withdrew it.  The Padre turned to the table and picked up a
     ring an inch and a half in diameter and made of heavy thick
     brass.  With some effort he pushed the forged ring though the
     hole in her septum which was slightly smaller.  He then secured
     it with a large perforated bead which had to be inserted in the
     gap in the ring.

     When he was finished he removed the gag from the whimpering
     girl's mouth.  The heavy ring hung below her pert nose and rested
     just above her full bottom lip.

     "If it oozes wipe it with this."  he said as he handed her a
     square of cheesecloth dampened with alcohol.

     "We will be leaving the village for a few days.  But we will
     first stop to see Hattori...."


     The sun was hot as they rode along the jungle track.  The Robore
     was not tropical jungle but a hot dry tangle of seasonal swamp
     and forested scrubland.  The horses plodded along in the heat,
     the vegetation along the narrow trail swishing back into place
     after their passing.  Rachel looked at the back of the Priest as
     his horse walked slowly ahead of hers.  The ropes that Hattori
     had used to bind her swelling breasts chafed and rubbed her
     bruised and welted flesh with every movement of the horse.  The
     twin strands of the karada, was tied at the back of her waist,
     where it dipped into the crevass between her firm muscular
     cheeks.  A large knot was positioned at her anus, and the twin
     strands continued forward between her pierced labia.  Her
     naturally large clit, trapped between the coarse twin strands of
     hemp stood out like an obscene finger red, swollen and wet.  The
     engineered discomfort caused a riot of sensations to pulse
     through the twisted young teen.  The rings in her pierced labia,
     and the chain attached to her pierced clit hung down into the
     opening in the top of the old framework saddle.  She clutched the
     reins tightly and clung to the pommel with her left hand, her
     right was buried in her crotch, pulling and twisting at the ring
     imbedded in her trapped clitoris.  During the ride she had gutted
     out several silent orgasms wallowing in the pain of the breast
     and clitoris bindings and her own depravity.  Like some naughty
     adolescent, she pleasured herself behind the back of the Padre,
     reveling in the obscene act.  With each cum she scooped up her
     own flowing juices and licked her slimy fingers clean, imagining
     in her twisted mind they were really the leavings of some
     faceless stranger that had just used her.

     They had been riding in silence for several hours before the
     Padre suggested they stop for a break.  He reined his horse into
     a clearing and dismounted his great bulk.  The girl followed
     suit, noticing with a thrill the dark wet spot on the framework
     saddle left by her leaking cunt.

     The Padre sat on a rotted log and looked at the young slut.
     "Come here."  was all he said.  The words set off locks and
     springs within the young girl that were beyond her control.  She
     raced over to the old black Padre and fell to her knees between
     his outstretched thighs.  She hungrily dipped her head between
     his two flabby black thighs, burrowing her head under his
     cassock.  She knew he no longer wore and undergarment beneath it
     to allow her greater access.  She rooted beneath the heavy cloth
     like some greedy sow, and delighted in how the coarse hair of his
     thighs and groin chaffed at he pale cheeks.

     Her enormous tits throbbed as they swung beneath her, compressed
     by the tight binding the old Asian had fitted on her.  Every
     movement of her body caused the karada to chafe at her poor
     tormented and swollen clit.

     She felt a thrill as her rooting tugged and pulled at the freshly
     placed ring in her nose sending sharp pains lancing through her
     face setting off the sparks and crackles of a mini-orgasm.  Using
     her hands she peeled back the lower halves of his his cassock to
     expose his fat pasty gray thighs.

     The beautiful white teenager sighed as the curly black hair of
     his thighs pricked and scratched her cheeks as she ground her
     face between his legs to tongue his wrinkled scrotum.  She cooed
     and moaned as the musky taste filled her mouth and the masculine
     smell of sweat filled her nostrils.  Leaving his balls wet with
     her saliva, she trailed her pink little tongue up the length of
     his inflating black cock.  With one small white hand she held the
     swelling black sausage upright so she could lick and tongue it
     like some black popsicle.  She became giddy with delight as she
     traced each throbbing black vein with her tongue, she closed her
     eyes and for an instance she fancied herself a little girl, safe
     in her parents home savoring a summertime treat.  A singular
     grunt of approval brought her back to reality, a reality where
     she was a marked, beaten and pierced slut whore, a whore for a
     small village church.  A vessel of lust for an old mulatto Padre
     and a perverted old Asian and his son.  No longer was she the
     beautiful college bound Deb on a missionary lark to serve those
     she deemed less fortunate.  She now served them as a whore.  She
     served any man who wanted to take her, served them with her
     pouting sperm hungry mouth, her tight pink cock hungry cunt and
     stretched and clasping ass.

     She groaned at the thought as it sent sparks shooting through her
     setting off yet another orgasm as her pinched swollen clit, the
     little demon responsible for her fall, throbbed between the rough
     hemp strands that held it swollen in its angry red excited state,
     its thick glittering yellow brass ring standing out in vivid
     contrast, to the glossy red surface of the swollen turgid flesh
     of her abnormally large clitoris.

     She continued to gobble at the thick coal black staff beneath the
     protruding gut of the old the old Padre.  The girls matted blond
     hair standing in contrast to the chalky gray skin of the old
     black priest.  The bristly hair of his groin and thighs pricking
     her peach colored cheeks.  Mindlessly she licked and slurped, the
     animalistic and obscene sounds blending with the sounds of the
     jungle.

     At length the young slut's labors were rewarded as she felt the
     black cock in her mouth balloon and throb in preamble to it
     spewing its load into her small clasping mouth.  She raised her
     delicate white hand to gently cup the old man's churning black
     balls.  Her hand cradled the wrinkly black sack beneath her chin
     as she swallowed more of the spewing prong, greedily gulping the
     thick spunk that pumped from the blunt purple head.

     The old man's breath came in ragged gasps as watched the tall
     white teen preen and clean his deflating cock.

     His eyes flitted in the direction of a noise from behind the
     girl.  His mount, an old uncut stallion was pissing onto the dry
     ground as it stood tied in the shade of a nearby tree.  His eyes
     followed the long arching curve of the thick stream of yellow
     piss is it jetted from the fire hose-like length of the old
     horse's prick.  He chuckled as he gazed on the the thick black
     length of equine cock that hung from beneath the horses belly.
     The glossy tight skin of the extended prick and its sheath shone
     in the sunlight.

     The old Padre wrapped a meaty hand in the beautiful girl's matted
     hair and turned her head toward the horse.  She whimpered in
     frustration as he pushed her head around, like a disappointed
     child, her lower face glistening with the wet of her saliva.  She
     froze, her hands still on his wilting prick as her eyes took in
     the monstrous tube of equine flesh that waved to and fro beneath
     the black horse.

     "A-a-a-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-h", the attractive 18-year old whined
     through slack lips, shaking her head in objection as the obscene
     sight registered in her lust glazed eyes.  Her eyes widened
     brimming with tears in a mixture of panic and hunger as the
     Padre's hand dropped from her hair as she pulled away and
     propelled herself on hands and knees like an automaton toward the
     horse.  She cast a panicky glance back over her shoulder at the
     Padre, tears streaming down her face, a mind trapped in a prison
     of greedy flesh, as her body once betrayed her once more and
     involuntarily carried her toward the bestial monstrosity and an
     act of utter degradation.

     The Padre watched her crawl toward the horse, catching glimpses
     of her white red welted bottom beneath her tattered dress, the
     brass rings piercing her privates glittering in the sunlight.  He
     could hear the tinkle of the bells hanging from her enormous
     breasts as they swayed beneath her as she crawled.

     He heard the poor girl groan as she knelt in the puddle of mud
     the horse piss had formed on the dry ground.  Kneeling beneath
     the horse, her pale hands played over the rigid tube of equine
     flesh.  Her small hands struggled to encircle the fat tube as she
     pumped it.  Her panicked tear filled eyes staring at the huge
     balls that hung nestled between the muscular hindquarters of the
     beast.

     "Aw-w-w-w-w, n-o-o-o-o-o, m-m-m-m-m-m-m-h", she groaned in
     protest as her own hands brought the fat blunt tip of the horse
     cock to her lips.  The fluted head appeared almost too large to
     fit in her mouth.  She ran her small pink tongue over and around
     the blunt cudgel, exploring the thick urethra tube that projected
     from the blunt snout.  Her hands guided the long tube of flesh to
     her mouth like an obscene parody of a young girl playing an
     oversized trombone.  She wagged the fluted head from side to side
     until she had squeezed her small mouth over the head, stretching
     her lips and ballooning her cheeks.  With a self conscious groan
     from her grotesquely distended face she began to suck.

     She pumped her mouth up and down the pulsing horn of horseflesh,
     fucking her equine lover with her mouth.  The old Padre tried not
     to watch as the poor girl debased herself unable to deny the
     carnal impulses that drove her.  The obscene grunts and liquid
     sounds coming from the girl as she used her mouth and throat as a
     cunt to please the beast pulled his gaze back to the degrading
     spectacle.  The horse whinnied and knickered as the gourd sized
     balls between his thighs churned under the ministrations of the
     gluttonous young slut.

     The beautiful girl's tears mixed with drool that leaked from her
     stuffed mouth and hung from her small chin as she worked her face
     over the thick veined fleshy rod.  The horse moved forward in
     impulse as it felt it's own impending climax.  Snorting as though
     mounting a mare, it pushed it's swelling cock against the
     attractive teen's sucking mouth.

     Rachel's oversized clit was inflamed by the chafing rope and the
     obscene vision she had of herself sucking the horse's monstrous
     cock.  Her head was spinning from the outrageous vileness of her
     actions, all the while the dirty perverted slut in her reveled in
     the act.  As she felt the heat of the stallions spunk beneath her
     hand milliseconds before the first thick homelike spurt hit her
     mouth, her fat clit exploded in a searing climax.  As her climax
     broke, the first of many jets of mucous like sperm filled her
     throat and mouth.  Her mind bending orgasm was lost in her
     struggle to swallow the torrent of hot thick spunk that hosed
     into her oral cavity.  The thick slime leaked from around the
     vacuuming seal of her mouth as pressure from the beast's huge
     balls pumped the thick cream into her gulping mouth.

     A thick stream of spunk clung to her chin dripping into the wide
     valley between her heavy breasts wetting the front of her thin
     tattered dress.  She moaned in a mixture of horror and delight as
     the animal spunk continued to pulse into her throat and pool in a
     growing warm puddle in her distending belly.  As hard as she
     tried there was not enough time to savor her hard won prize.  An
     attempt to swirl her small tongue around the pulsing head left
     her choking and gasping, sperm spewing from her dainty pierced
     nose when gobs of sperm clogged her airway when she failed to
     clear her throat of the endless torrent of animal seed.

     Finally the horse stepped back pulling his elephantine cock from
     the girl's sucking mouth.  The lower half of her angelic face was
     covered by a blanket of white pasty spunk.  The cleavage between
     the large firm orbs of her breasts glistened with the thick
     fluid, the front of her dress was wet with it to her waist.  She
     crawled after the horse on muddied knees, and in a final
     degrading act, wedged her face beneath the shrinking cock to
     nuzzle the huge balls that hung between the horses muscled
     thighs.




     Chapter 30


     The young girl rode in silence focused on the torment between her
     slender legs.  The respite of the cool creek had been fleeting.
     Gone was the thick coat of sticky animal cum that had coated her
     face and chest, but the unremitting torment of the tight hemp
     cords running through her crotch were still there.  As she rode
     silently behind the Padre she watched with morbid fascination as
     the huge balls of the stallion swinging back and forth between
     the beasts thighs.  Her mind kept playing back the awful scene of
     her sucking the horses huge cock like some endless film loop.
     The obscene image and the memory of the feel of the heavy balls
     against her face, the hot thick animal cum in her mouth and on
     her skin caused her empty aching quim to spasm.

     The trail led into a clearing in which stood a small cluster of
     huts.  The path ran through an opening in a fence near the huts.
     As the two riders neared the huts, their path was blocked by a
     young man dressed in cut off fatigue pants and boots, wearing a
     scruffy T-shirt and holding an assault rifle at port arms.

     "Buenos Tardes, please let Lieutenant Rodriguez know that Padre
     Pietro has arrived and would like to see him."  the old Padre
     said before the young soldier had a chance to speak.

     The young woman squirmed in her saddle trying to relieve the
     chafing pressure of the large knot in the hemp karada harness as
     it pressed against her raw anus.  Every movement of the horse
     caused the rough hemp rope, now sodden with her own secretions to
     saw back and forth along the swollen finger of her clitoris
     protruding between the two rope strands that were drawn tight
     between her wet labia.

     Pausing to look at the young woman on the horse behind him, the
     young Bolivian trooper turned and jogged to one of the huts and
     knocked on the door.  He entered the hut briefly and returned to
     the two riders.

     The young American barely noticed the return of the young
     soldier, her mind was focused on the humming demon between her
     legs.

     "The Lieutenant will see you."  he said as he made to hold the
     horses reins.

     The old Padre laboriously dismounted.  The young trooper noticed
     not at all, he was engrossed in the spectacle of the chained
     crucifix dangling from between the attractive girl's legs as she
     swung her bare bare bottom over the saddle to dismount.  His
     mouth hung open as he watched her turn, his dark eyes were glued
     to the massive bags of flesh that wobbled and jiggled on her
     narrow chest.  The young soldier was confused by the revealing
     way the young anglo woman was dressed.  The angry red welts that
     he had seen covering her thighs and buttocks had added to his
     confusion as did the glint of gold at her crotch.  His eyes now
     lingered on the thick metallic ring through her nose, and the
     rings visible through her thin dress that appeared to pierce her
     long protruding nipples.

     The young soldier watched as the old Padre walked ponderously to
     the hut followed by the tall American girl who walked silently
     but for the tinkling of bells in her dirty dress behind him.

     The hut was clean but Spartan and looked to serve as both office
     and quarters.  A trim man in a clean fatigue uniform stepped from
     behind a table and extended his hand.

     "Buenos Tardes, Padre."  he said kissing the fathers extended
     hand.  "I was expecting you earlier."

     "We were detained along the trail."  he said as he sat in a chair
     the officer offered to him.

     "Nothing serious I hope?"  the officer said as he sat on the edge
     of the table.

     "No, No" the Padre said, shaking his head.  "I have brought you
     what I promised."  the Padre said flatly, motioning to the girl
     standing quietly with her head down.

     "She is a whore, chosen by god to help save those such as you and
     your men from the damning influence of their own lustful
     thoughts.  The Church knows what temptations lie in wait for men
     serving on such remote outposts such at these.  Weak men fall
     victim to temptation in the form of unholy relations amongst
     themselves only to be damned for all eternity.  Others betray
     their holy vows of marriage and are too damned.  Still others
     violate the prohibition on Onanism and are cast into sin."

     The Padre stood and faced the attractive girl.

     "This thing," he said motioning to the submissive girl, "Is a
     vessel for your lust and that of your men.  She has been chosen
     by our god to be a tool to save those worthy of salvation.  Her
     own wanton nature has condemned her, and by her own willful
     obscene acts she has shown herself to be unworthy to be in God's
     sight.  Use her as you will to purge yourself of lust and sin."

     Rachel burned with shame and embarrassment at his words, but her
     heart fluttered at the prospect of at last having the aching void
     between her legs filled with the spurting hardness of a man, any
     man, no any male anima, she shamefully thought!

     The Padre walked behind her and lifted the back of her dress.
     His hands fumbled at the small of her back and she felt the
     sudden release of pressure on her clit and anus as he unlocked
     the Karada harness around her waist.  He let the sodden hemp fall
     about her feet, the wet segments like a guilty confession to the
     watching eyes of the Lieutenant.

     "As the lord hath said, by their signs shall ye know them.  She
     has been marked so that all decent men will know her for the slut
     whore that she is and not treat her as they would a decent
     woman."

     With that he pulled her dress open and let it fall from her
     shoulders.  His fat fingers tweaked at the rings in her nipples
     and played at the brass rings piercing her labia.

     The officers eyes went wide as he saw the adornments and saw the
     livid welts marking the beautiful girls body from her shoulders
     to her knees.

     The Padre picked up the harness and held it to the naked girl's
     mouth.  The smell of her own musk filled her head as she eagerly
     licked at the slime that coated it with her small pink tongue.

     "As you can see, nothing is too low, too degrading for her
     tastes."  "Vent your most vile secret thoughts and lusts on the
     slut, and preserve your immortal soul."

     "She is now yours, I will return in a few days."  the Old Padre
     said.  "You may use the harness to restrain her activities if you
     see fit."

     Rachel's heart sank at the same time her greedy cunt pulled tight
     in her belly at the delicious uncertainty the immediate future
     held.

     The old Padre rose and was walked to the door by the officer.  He
     soon returned and looked at the young American girl intently.
     The officer was in his thirties, trim and of average height.  His
     looked the part of a south American military officer down to the
     slicked hair and thin mustache.

     The young American continued to stand silently her face burning
     with shame at her stark nakedness.  She stared down at her dirty
     bare feet hands loose at her sides as she had been taught.

     "Raise your arms and put your hands behind your head."  the
     officer said.

     Lieutenant Luis Rodriguez felt a fleeting pang of sympathy for
     the young woman as he looked at her as she stood.  She had once
     been a beauty that is true.  She was now marked a slut if the
     physical scars weren't permanent, the psychological ones were,
     certainly.

     He glanced at the picture of his wife, Gloria on his desk as he
     advanced on the beautiful young girl and began to explore her
     body with his hands.  He compared his wife to this woman before
     him.  Gloria, so pious and pure, mother of his children, the
     product of hundreds of years of stifled catholic teachings, so
     ready to refuse him sexually.  Here stood this young blond
     goddess totally unknown to him yet ready to allow him to use her
     for his pleasure.

     The girl groaned with pleasure as he lifted one of the heavy bags
     of flesh that hung from her narrow chest and rolled the thick
     pierced nipple between his thumb and finger.  He noted the stark
     contrast between her alabaster skin and the red welts that
     crisscrossed it.  He marveled at weight of her fat udder compared
     to the withered brown bags of skin that hung from wife's chest.
     The reddish pink aureoles puckered and her impossibly long
     nipples hardened under his touch as he thought of Gloria's
     flaccid brown nubs lost amid the wide flat featureless expanse if
     her dark pan sized aureoles.  He rolled the fat thick nipple
     between his fingers like one would a cigar, noting how the thick
     brass ring passed through it near its base.  He saw how the fat
     nub resisted the weight of the bell showing little drooping from
     its weight.  He idly wondered if the scarring from the large
     piercing had destroyed her ability to nurse if she were to have
     children.  He caught himself, he knew that this lump of
     curvaceous flesh would never bear a child unless it were to bring
     another whore into the world.  She would spend her life as a slut
     fucking and sucking her youth and looks away until she was a
     wizen old hag, begging for centavos in some village square.

     He knew his thoughts of the superiority of his Maria over this
     poor girl were false bravado.  Maria clung to the bankrupt
     morality they were all taught from birth.  She used it as a
     shield to fend him off whenever he wanted sex.  "The bitch,...
     no she was the mother of his children, she was pure," he thought
     as the conflicting emotions soared through him.  He thought he
     would never be sexually fulfilled, living out his fantasies at
     night as he masturbated himself alone in his quarters.  But now,
     NOW, he had this trembling anglo goddess, not to worship, but to
     degrade.  He would use her to act out his twisted desires and
     purge them from his mind once and for all.  He would never again
     need to desecrate Gloria in his fantasies.  He would vent his
     lust and anger at having been so long denied and upon this
     slattern before him.  His already stiff cock throbbed painfully
     at realization of the complete control he now enjoyed.

     He felt the girl shudder with anticipation as he ran one hand
     down over the flat plane of her stomach as the other caressed the
     long blond hair that cascaded down her finely muscled back.  He
     thought of his wife's bulging fat stomach, marred with dark
     stretch marks of childbirth, the ratty black hair that hid the
     short stump of a neck and rounded shoulders.  His hand slid down,
     his center finger parting the sparse blond pubic hair that
     crowned the trembling teen's mons and slid effortlessly into the
     slick groove of her swollen sex.  His mind pictured the tangled
     mat of thick black hair between his wife's flabby thighs even as
     his finger felt the ring piercing the thick nub of the teens
     clitoris.

     Rachel felt her thighs flex as her legs parted slightly as her
     body betrayed her, granting the stranger greater access to her
     cunt in it's never ending greedy search for pleasure.  She felt
     the familiar tight knot in her chest as anticipation and arousal
     began to build as she felt the officer's calloused finger play
     over the surface of her thick clit.  She felt him play with the
     rings that pierced the fat flesh of her labia, an audible groan
     escaped her lips as he simultaneously tugged at the chain
     attached to her clit ring and twisted the ring through her left
     nipple.  Her eyes rolled and her tongue licked at the ring that
     laid against her upper lip as white hot lust burst in her brain
     blotting out all reason.

     He pulled and twisted the turgid flesh of the beautiful wretch's
     nipple as he pulled her along by the short chain that hung from
     her cunt.  He laughed as he watched her walk bandy legged,
     pausing as one orgasm after another wracked her pale frame.

     "It seems I have found what the senorita likes, eh?"  he said to
     himself as the teens ears heard nothing but the roar of one
     filthy climax after another.  Her legs slowed at each climax her
     body shuddering as if giving up some foul spirit that possessed
     her.  She stood motionless as the officer continued to move, his
     forward progress pulling on the the chain stretching her thick
     clit obscenely away from her body.  Only when she felt a new
     climax building did she move forward, as his cruel fingers pulled
     and twisted the thick posts of her nipples into fleshy
     corkscrews.

     He marched her round and round the room, enjoying the way the
     young American willing participated in her own degradation.  He
     began to see that nothing was too base for this beautiful whore.
     His cock throbbed at the thought.

     He pulled the girl in front of his desk and roughly dipped his
     fingers into the sodden pit of her cunt.  He enjoyed the feel of
     the coolness of the metal rings and the hot wetness of her
     swollen flesh.

     He withdrew his dripping fingers and offered them to the girls
     mouth as he pushed her to her knees.

     Mindlessly Rachel felt her mouth open and suck the dripping
     digits into her warm mouth.  The musky flavor of her own juices
     exploded across her tongue as she sucked and licked the thick
     musk coating his fingers greedily.

     "I have always wanted to have a big titted slut," he said as he
     started undoing her belt with his free hand.  "I wanted to know
     what my cock would feel like between some big tits."

     Rachel raised her hands and eagerly helped him unfasten the pants
     of his fatigues.  Freed, she pulled them down his legs and helped
     him step from them.  His medium sized cock soared from a patch of
     thick black hair between his legs.  The purplish head peaked out
     from the tip of his foreskin.  Rachel swallowed guiltily as
     saliva filled her mouth at the sight of the rigid fleshy prong.
     Her blue eyes bored into the large wrinkled sacks of his balls
     that hung heavily beneath the upright spear of flesh.

     She mumbled with delight as he pulled his fingers from her
     sucking mouth and stepped forward to rub the slick cock head
     across her pouting lips.  The pink snake of her tongue darted out
     to duel with the slick purple snout each time it passed over her
     glistening lips.  Beside herself with lust her hands darted out
     to cup his heavy balls, pulling the delicious rod into her
     suckling mouth.  Her plump lips vacuumed around the hard
     throbbing rod, her tongue swirled around it bathing it in her
     warm saliva as her small hands milked his churning balls.

     With an audible pop, he withdrew his dripping cock from her eager
     suctioning mouth.

     "Aw-w-w-w-w-h," she whined in frustration, a thick string of
     saliva connecting her swollen lips to the purple snout of his wet
     cock.

     "I've always wanted to do this, senorita," he said as he lifted
     her the heavy billowing sacks of her breasts, slotting his cock
     between them.

     The beautiful young teen looked at him with confusion as he
     captured his saliva wet cock between the fleshy mounds of her
     breasts.  Understanding dawned across her face and she quickly
     placed her small hands under her heavy udders lifting them up for
     him to fuck.  Her clit throbbed at the thought of this new way
     her body was being used, her heart fluttered at the thought of
     his hot spunk spewing between her tits.  Her strong slender arms
     helped him push her huge tits together capturing and squeezing
     his wet cock in a fleshy tunnel.  She lifted her blue eyes up to
     the stranger as he grunted and huffed, pumping his prong between
     her tits, hoping to see approval, only to see a mask of lust
     across the man's face.  She knew she was only a tool to coax his
     hot seed from his roiling balls.  She pressed herself against him
     raising up on her bruising knees granting him better access to
     the artificial cunt he was making of her tits.  The tinkle of her
     nipple bells rang merrily in her ears as the voluminous flesh of
     her tits jiggled and woggled with the impact of his thrusts.

     The Lieutenant looked down at the attractive blond girl, as she
     eagerly helped him push her huge tits together for him to fuck.
     He looked at the jello like flesh as it rippled and jiggled under
     his thrusts.  He could see the faint blue veins that mapped their
     surface, bringing blood to the elongated nipples that scraped
     against his stomach and thighs as he drove his rod up and down
     between them.  The livid red welts that crisscrossed their
     surface contrasted with the alabaster hue of her smooth skin.  As
     he felt his lust build the more he wanted to hurt the slut, he
     wanted to punish her for his own failings.  He shrank in his own
     mind as he succumbed to the lust that dwell within himself, and
     she would have to pay.  He understood now, what the old Padre had
     said.  She was here to purify him, to take within her hollow
     soulless body, the lust that had lay dormant within him,
     putrefying his soul.

     Rachel willingly played the part of the lost and mindless
     slattern she had become, her tongue extended down her wet chin as
     she licked and laved the swollen head of his cock when it popped
     out the top of her cleavage.  She tried latching her sucking lips
     around the elusive prize as it pumped up and down the fleshy
     tunnel between her large udders.  At long last she let out a
     delighted giggle with a start as the first hot string of thick
     sperm jetted from the blunt hose of his cock to strike her under
     the chin.  She quickly darted her head down, mouth agape to
     capture the next gout of creamy white cum.  He pumped faster as
     the sticky spunk jetted and sprayed across her face and dripped
     down her chest.  Slicking the cunt she made for him to fuck.

     "Si, S-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i," the Bolivian officer groaned as the
     young American teen fastened her greedy lips around his pistoning
     cock.  "Madre di Dios"

     Spend he leaned back against the desk to watch the attractive
     girl act like a greedy sow, as she rooted beneath his balls
     kissing and licking the sensitive flesh.  She bathed his balls
     and cock fastidiously kissing the head of his softening cock
     tenderly whenever her mouth passed by.

     "M-m-m-m-m-mh-h-h", the beautiful young teen mumbled lost in lust
     as his cock began to stiffen once again under her oral
     ministrations.  Her cunt throbbed at having been empty for days.
     She looked up hopefully at the stranger, her blue eyes searching,
     pleading.

     The Lieutenant stood suddenly pulling his cock from the slut's
     grasp as he grabbed the attractive girl by her long blond hair.
     She whimpered as she staggered behind him on her knees as he
     pulled her to the center of the small room.  The tinkling of her
     nipple bells filled the room as her big tits jiggled with her
     efforts.  His boots clumped loudly on the wooden floor as he
     walked around her.  She knelt upright, naked before him her firm
     fat tits thrusting out like a shelf.  Suddenly she felt his
     strong hand press her forward as she felt his bare legs against
     the side of her hips.  She caught the fall of her upper body with
     her arms and willingly laid her cheek on the dirty wooden floor.
     Her tender nipples scrapped against the rough wooden floor as her
     large breasts were mashed beneath her.  Like the slut she had
     willingly become, she reached back and spread the cheeks of her
     firm bottom for the stranger.

     "Bueno", the Lieutenant grunted in approval as the young American
     slavishly parted her buttocks for his inspection.  The separation
     of the youthful muscular globes caused her sparse pubes to
     bristle and the wet pink lips of her pierced cunt to gape like a
     hungry fleshy mouth.  The Lieutenant's eyes ignored the dripping
     pierced lips that hung between the girl's thighs, instead they
     settled on the raw pink mouth that nestled in the deep valley
     between her muscular ass cheeks.  He quickly hawked and spit a
     glob of saliva over the winking eye of her raw red sphincter.

     When she felt the coolness of the stranger's spit against the
     tender flesh of her ass her stomach lurched, in mixture
     disappointment and anticipation.  The rope knot of the karada
     harness had been forced by the saddle against the mouth of her
     anus and had chafed and tormented the tender flesh.

     "N-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o", she moaned even as her small hands spread
     her cheeks wider in anticipation of the blissful pain she had
     come to relish.

     Straddling the kneeling girls upturned bottom, the Lieutenant
     centered his rigid pole against the wordless mouth and leaned
     forward, allowing the weight of his body to complete the perverse
     act he had guiltily fantasized about for years.  "At long last",
     he thought as the tight ring of flesh easily gave way beneath the
     pressure of his spearing cock, he was performing the forbidden
     act.

     "U-h-h-h-h-h-h, m--m-m-m-m-m-m-mh," the attractive slut moaned,
     her hands prying her cheeks farther apart as his swelling cock
     sank its length into her bowels.  The Lieutenant watched as her
     fingers, nails digging into the firm flesh strove to open her
     completely to take all of his rigid pole.  His black pubes mashed
     against her welted red cheeks as she took him to the root of his
     cock.

     He paused, letting his throbbing cock luxuriate in the hot dry
     embrace of her spasming anus.

     "Oh--oh--oh--oh--oh," the American teen whimpered as the
     stranger's cock throbbed in her ass.  She braced her legs like a
     bitch being mounted as the Lieutenant placed his hands over hers,
     and leaned forward, shifting his weight against her.  He flexed
     his knees, his legs wide spread straddling the girls kneeling
     form and began to pump the post of his cock in and out of the dry
     mouth of the girls anus.

     The excruciating pain in the raw mouth of her sphincter set off
     electric sparks along Rachel's well trained nerve endings.  Her
     swollen clit tingled as the pain induced impulses jumped and
     sparked through it.  The bone jarring thrusts against her
     upturned ass caused the heavy crucifix swinging from her pierced
     clit to jump and jerk.  Within minutes the poor attractive girl's
     system overflowed in her first filthy climax, as she groveled
     beneath the stranger sodomizing her.

     "Uhh....uhh....uhh....uhh....uhh," he grunted between clenched
     teeth as with each stroke the dry mouth of the girls stretched
     anus scraped up and down his cock.

     He watched with fascination as sweat began to bead on the girl's
     back and coalesce into miniature streams running down her finely
     sculpted back before disappearing beneath her damp blond hair.




     Chapter 31

     His dusty boots scuffed nervously as the young soldier peered
     through the crack in the shutter covering the window.  After
     eating he had slipped away from the barracks, his curiosity
     overwhelming him.  Ever since the old priest and the young anglo
     woman had arrived at his checkpoint, he could not get her out of
     his mind.  Never had he seen such a lascivious display, the woman
     oozed sex.

     Private Hector Uyuni had been in the army for only a short while,
     spending most of his time since being drafted in Santa Cruz, here
     at this outpost along the Paraguayan border.  The army was not so
     bad for him, he had been raised in the hot dry area east of the
     Andes, not so the other indian boys from high in the Andes.  They
     hated this place worse than being away from home.

     He quickly lost track of his thoughts as he peered into the room
     at the spectacle of the Lieutenant and the anglo girl's coupling.
     He licked his lips as he watched the Lieutenant treat the young
     woman like a well trained animal, parading her about by a chain
     connected to her privates.  The young indian soldier saw how the
     attractive yanqui girl's body had been mortified by the whip and
     permanently marked by piercings and adornments.  He wondered if
     it was the work of the old Padre and if so, what meaning it could
     have.  His mind reeled as the Officer treated the girl
     like a common whore.  The only anglo women he had ever seen were
     wives of missionaries or businessmen and had always been haughty
     or condesending.  He had always felt like an insect when they
     laid their eyes on him.  Their blue eyes as often as not, not
     even acknowledging his existence.

     He shifted from one foot to another repositioning his aching cock
     within his cutoff fatigue pants, as he watched the beautiful
     blond American willingly take the Lieutenant's glistening cock
     into her mouth.

     Never had he seen a woman behave so wantonly.  She acted as if
     she worshipped the Lieutenant's rigid staff of flesh, covering it
     with kisses, lovingly licking it from balls to purple head.  As
     he watched in fascination the officer slotted his vein wrapped
     prong between the eager girl's oversized breasts and fuck them as
     he would a cunt.  His eyes never missed any of the pretty girl's
     desperate actions as she worked to please his Lieutenant.  He
     watched as eventually the officer stiffened and groaned as a
     fountain of white sperm shot up and across the eager girl's face.
     His breath came in short gasps as the young girl ate
     the Lieutenant's spilt seed and nurse his wilting cock back to
     life.

     The young Private watched the officer turned the girl and mount her
     from behind like a common she-bitch, her small hands eagerly
     spreading herself to make her pink anus more accessible to the
     man that towered over her.  As the Lieutenant sodomize her, her
     blue eyes rose to the shuttered window and she emitted a long
     groan.  Hector watched as the Lieutenant's cock sank inch by inch
     into the tight grip of the girl's up turned anus.

     A noise coming from the direction of the barracks made him
     withdraw from the window and sink farther into the shadows.

     "Shit!", the sergeant thought as he walked toward the
     Lieutenant's quarters.  Once again the evening patrol was over
     do.  Probably lost in the bush again.  Some good this prickless
     pack of city boys and indians would do if the Paraguayans ever
     decided to come back and take more Bolivian land than the did in
     the first Chaco war.

     Veteran Sergeant Hillo Ayamara, referred to as "El Serpiente
     Indio" by his men behind his back, he was proud of his Chaco
     indian ancestry and was as at home here as the others felt lost.
     As he stepped on to the hut's porch the noise from within stayed
     his hand as he began to knock.  His wide brown face broke into a
     leering grin at the sounds he easily recognized.

     "The Lieutenant was putting it to some slut from the sounds of
     it."  he thought to himself.  He leaned his short stocky form
     over to the right and peered through the small window.  His
     breath hissed through his strong white teeth as he saw the object
     of his commander's attentions.

     In the center of the room the half naked Lieutenant was hunched
     over a pale form of a young woman.  The Sergeant could tell from
     the pale legs rising like two marble columns between the
     Lieutenants splayed legs that this was not some local indian
     whore, but a tall anglo girl.  The Sergeant caught a glimpse of
     the jewelry affixed to the girl's upturned privates as the
     Lieutenants balls swung rhythmically against her empty dripping
     cunt.

     "So the boy-Lieutenant does have some cajones after all", the
     Sergeant said to himself as he watched the the officers cock
     slide in and out of the white teen's anus.

     "He seems to like the path less well traveled", the veteran
      Sergeant said with a smile as he saw the flesh of the girl's
     rectum cling to the Lieutenant's vein wrapped cock on each
     outstroke. 

     The Sergeant opened the latch of the door and stepped into the
     room.  The Lieutenant looked over his shoulder as he sensed his
     entrance into the room.

     The Lieutenant's face was a mixture of embarrassment and then
     annoyance.  "Don't you knock, Sergeant?"  he said without missing
     a stroke.

     "Excuse me, Sir."  he said stifling a grin.  I came to report
     that the evening patrol is overdo.  Is there anything I can help
     you with Sir?"

     "Help me fuck this yanqui bitch, she is here for our pleasure!!"

     "Uh-h-h-h-h-h-a-h-h-h-h-h-h!!"  the Lieutenant groaned plunging
     his cock to it's full length into the girl's ass as she pushed
     back, sensing his imminent climax.

     The attractive American girl opened her blue eyes when she heard
     the second voice.  Her pale cheek was pressed tightly to the
     rough wood of the floor, her hands behind her spreading her ass
     cheeks to ease the entry of the officers sodomizing cock.  Her
     small pink tongue Flicked around her lips, toying with the brass
     ring hanging from the pierced septum of her nose.  She groaned at
     the mixture of sensations from the cock spearing her anus and the
     grinding of her swollen sensitive nipples into the roughness of
     the wood floor.  She shifted her upper body against the floor,
     grinding her breasts mashed beneath her against the floor,
     pulling and tugging the rings that pierced the thick long stubs
     of her red brown nipples.

     Rachel groaned and her empty cunt throbbed as she felt the cock
     in her ass balloon and begin to pump its hot load of cum into her
     guts.

     The lost young woman whimpered and whined, gripping her cheeks,
     nails digging into the pale flesh spreading herself to take more
     of the ejaculating prong.  As she did so her hungry eyes watched
     the burly Bolivian sergeant open his pants and discovered why his
     men called him "The Indian Snake".




     Chapter 32

     Rachel shuddered as she felt the man's cock expand and throb as
     it pumped wad after wad of mestizo cum into her stretched anglo
     anus.  The tug and pull of the crucifix swinging from her
     elongated clitoris stoked the raging sexual storm that had built
     up in her guts.  Her heart vaulted at delightful stretching
     sensation and fullness in her bowels.  Once again her thoughts
     slid into the cesspool containing all her secret thoughts and
     fantasies.  As if watching someone else, she saw her mother and
     father watching her degrade herself beneath yet another brown
     skinned man.

     "No-o-o-o-o-o-o-aw-w-w-wh", she moaned her damp blond hair
     mopping the floor as her head shook in denial.  She saw her small
     hands grasping her own flesh, nails rending the pale skin, as she
     opened herself for the third worlder that was using her like a
     common whore.  The thoughts caused her bowels to clench around
     the stiff invader as though to lovingly caress the rigid veiny
     length.  As her lust built she moaned aloud as she saw in her
     mind's eye, her phantom mother stepped forward to cup the man's
     hanging ball's with a carefully manicured hand, to gently coax
     his hot cum to fill her daughter's stretched anus.

     "No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o,...  Ma-a-a-m-m-a-a-a,
     p-u-h-l-e-e-e-e-z-z-z", the poor girl wailed in response to her
     own fantasy.

     A deep guttural groan emanated from deep in her throat as the
     sick fantasy freed the last shackle from the beast within her and
     a vile climax erupted from her clit like a rolling avalanche.
     Her sweaty pale form thrashed and trembled as the lust drunk
     beast that was the new Rachel sprang into her mind as it rode the
     orgasm like an apocalyptic horseman.  Her fingers clawed and
     scrapped at her own tender flesh, spreading her ass as she bucked
     up and back against the startled officer, sucking his spewing
     cock to impossible depths in her bowels.

     "A-r-r-r-r-gh,...y-e-e-e-s-s-s-s-s" she screeched as her
     hesitation and denial evaporated like water on a hot stove.

     "Give...it...to...me...I...need...more...cock.....!"  she
     whimpered in a hoarse alien voice.  The beautiful girl's mind
     screamed as the demon within her swollen pierced clit freed
     itself from her crumbling resolve and fought to overpowered her
     dwindling reason.

     Her lust blurred eyes watched as the manicured hands of her
     mother caressed and milked the officers balls as the last dregs
     of his sperm spewed into her daughter's bowels.  The attractive
     blond teen's eyes were glazed half hidden beneath a mop of
     sweat sodden hair.  Her chest heaved, breath coming in gasps
     between whimpers as she felt the Lieutenant's cock wilt and slip
     from the grasp of her stretched sphincter.

     She felt a fist wrap itself in her damp yellow hair and lift her
     head from the floor where her cheek had left it's sweaty imprint.
     She rose to her haunches, her stingy hair hanging down her face
     like fine strands of Spanish moss, her cheek marred with dirt and
     bits of wood, stuck to her fine pale skin with sweat.  The
     attractive girl squatted her arms hanging between her red and
     chafed knees framing her enormous cum streaked breasts.  Sweat
     dripped from her thick cherry red nipples, stretching under the
     weight of the heavy brass rings that pierced them.

     She swayed amid the glow of her orgasm on her dirty bare feet.
     Her rasping breath occasionally puffed the damp strands of hair
     that brushed her swollen lips, and stuck to her sweat streaked
     face as her heavy breasts jiggled with her labored breathing.  Her
     sunken blue eyes gazed out half lidded as a small drop of sweat
     formed at the bottom of the ring that hung from her septum.  She
     was a sight nearly devoid of humanity, replace instead by a
     female animal of the lowest kind.

     She swayed mindlessly on her firm haunches the chain attached to
     the angry swollen finger that was her pierced clit pulling and
     tugging against the heavy crucifix resting on the floor beneath
     her like an anchor.  Her obscenely long and thick clit throbbed
     as she squatted, a pool forming beneath her trim bottom as the
     Lieutenant's cum dripped silently from her distended sphincter.

     She issued a startled whine as her eyes watched a manicured thumb
     hook itself in the ring hanging from her nose, wrenching her head
     back.  Her mouth agape, her small tongue flailed in the wide pink
     cavity in protest.  Her eyes widened as she watched through her
     blurred vision as the apparition of her mother looked down at
     her, her face a mask of utter contempt and disgust.  Tears welled
     in her blue eyes as watched the red painted lips mockingly form
     the words, "I know what the little whore wants.  Open wide little
     puta."

     "No, mamma, no, ma-m-m-a-a-ah, p-u-h-l-e-e-e-z-e."  she wailed
     trying to thrash her head against the hand whose thumb was hooked
     in the thick septum ring ring and fingers wrapped in her bangs.

     Past the hand partially obscuring her eyes, she saw the blurred
     face of her father leering down at her.  His obscene grin matched
     the one on her mother's face.  Rachel's saucer sized eyes
     followed her mother's right arm to the hand that grasped the
     impossibly long cock that jutted from between her father's
     thighs.  Their face's split in mocking smiles, laughing silently
     as her mother's manicured hand drew the snake like cock to her
     gaping lips.

     "Suck the cock like a good little whore, senorita.  You know you
     want it, little puta."  the sneering voice said.

     The hand swabbed the blunt weeping nose of the swelling cock
     around the young girl's lips leaving them gleaming with musky
     pre-cum.  The attractive girl thrashed her head in a vain attempt
     to free herself, even as her small pink tongue shot out to lick
     and lap at the musky dew coating her gleaming lips.  Her eyes
     looked up at the two faces that towered leeringly above her
     looking for mercy or tenderness.  The contemptuous look of total
     disgust she saw in the blurred faces of her once loving parents
     lanced through the heart of her impaling the only soul that
     remained for her, the thick glossy red grub of her clit jangled
     like a bell sending the sparks and shocks of yet another base
     climax born of sick perversion shooting through the lost young
     girl.

     As she shuddered her pink tongue waggled out in welcome as her
     swollen red lips enclosed the thick snout of the fleshy snake
     held out as an offering to her.  As the cock bore deeper,
     endlessly into her throat, she swallowed, the hand grasping the
     long hose of flesh feeding it into her throat like a breathing
     tube being incubated into a patient.  The roar in her ears, gave
     way to laughter, as the blurred sneering faces of her mother and
     father above her dissolved, to reveal the leering shiny brown
     faces of the Lieutenant and the Sergeant.

     Her clit exploded in a series of eruptions like a string of
     firecrackers as reality replaced her delusion fantasy.  Her
     body bucked and hopped as her muscles twitched and she swayed on
     her haunches, her massive teats bouncing and joggling on her
     chest, their bells ringing mockingly.  Her eyes watched
     helplessly as the burly sergeant fed his long snake like cock
     into her mouth while holding her head immobile.  The poor
     American girl could only swallow in an attempt to ease its entry,
     her gulping throat working frantically to take the fleshy invader.

     Rachel's blue eyes streamed tears down her upturned cheeks as she
     felt her tongue involuntarily caress and lap at the thick post
     filling her mouth, even as her stretched lips began to worm along
     the rod of flesh in welcome.




     Chapter 33

     Rachel's throat burned beneath the balm of Sergeant's thick cum.
     The pink little worm of her tongue played idly with the sticky
     paste that coated her small white teeth.  Her glazed eyes swam,
     the face above her fluctuating between the grinning face of the
     Lieutenant and her father.  Her head seemed to loll crazily on
     her neck as the Sergeant buffeted her from below, his long
     snakelike cock slithering in and out of her stretched anus.

     The Lieutenant stood before the seated Sergeant.  His thick legs
     splayed.  He looked between the girl's widespread thighs, their
     smooth pale skin marred with healing welts and fresh bruises.
     His greedy eyes watched the supple muscles of the girl's long
     legs flex beneath the pale marked skin as her bent knees raised
     her bottom, only to relax sending the brown rod of the burly
     Sergeant's cock pistoning in and out of her stretched rectum.
     The attractive young teen's feet rested midway up the Sergeant's
     thick brown thighs, where the Lieutenant noticed her dirty toes
     clenching at the skin of the Sergeant's thighs like little
     fingers.  Her sweating form rested back against the chest of the
     seated Sergeant.  His rough hands circled her torso to maul and
     squeeze the veined breasts that separated heavily on her narrow
     chest.  His fingers worked the heavy, resilient flesh
     mercilessly, finding the sensitive fibrous glandular lobes amid
     the voluminous fatty bags and grinding them between his stubby
     fingers.  The bluish bruises blossomed amid the kaleidoscope of
     veins and welts that covered the massive fleshy bags.

     The young missionary's mouth hung in a slack smile, her hair
     matted and filthy.  Dried tears of joy and horror, pleasure and
     pain stained her pale cheeks, her red lips swollen and chaffed
     turned in a faint smile of pleasure while strings of drying cum
     spotted her small smooth chin.  Her heavy breasts excruciating at
     first were now centers of dull aching pain.

     Rachel felt herself as a cesspool.  She wallowed in it, bathing
     in the soothing slime that coated and filled her, its vileness
     coating every fiber of her being.  She gratefully accepted the
     vile and filthy lust of others and made it hers.  She claimed as
     her own the lust she willingly created and freed in others.  She
     needed it, it now defined her, she could not live without it.
     Not to be used and defiled; without the thick pasty cum to fill
     her and satiate her thirst, without the pain and abuse to dull
     and douse the sharp flames of self hatred, she was an empty shell
     devoid of purpose her life was without meaning.

     Her head lolled on her boneless neck as she focused on the
     wonderful riot of conflicting sensations coursing through her as
     the men used her voluptuous body to sate their endless sadistic
     lust.  Like an automaton her splayed knees flexed and relaxed as
     she rode up and down the Sergeant's impossibly long cock guided
     by the demanding calloused hands grasping her engorged breasts.
     Her mind registered each throbbing vein that wrapped the
     serpentine invader as the tight ring of her sphincter nibbled
     along it's length to his hairy balls.

     Her left arm hung loosely to her side as her right hand played
     busily with the hard demonic finger of her clit.  The nails of
     her right hand scratched and clawed at the prominent inch and a
     half long projection, flicking and pulling at the thick ring that
     pierced it near its base.  Her self abuse was at the verge of
     drawing blood from the glossy sensitive flesh.

     The lazy slack look on her face changed into a rictus as the
     converging sensations pushed her abused body to yet another
     climax, as she grunted and shuddered, flecking her lips with
     foamy saliva.

     When the thrashing of the yanqui bitch subsided the Lieutenant
     stepped forward.  One hand grasped the heavy chain hanging from
     the mindless girl's clit ring where it hung heavily between her
     swollen dripping labia.  With the other hand he slotted his
     swollen prong between the gaping lips of the young woman's cunt.
     Her wet cunt gaped, the held apart by the weight of the three
     heavy brass rings that pierced her thick labial lips.  His breath
     hissed between his strong white teeth as the thick head of his
     cock encountered the cool rings on it's way to be enveloped by
     the liquid heat of the missionary girl's dripping pussy.

     "Madre di Dios!!"  he said with a grunt as he forced his swelling
     cock into the tight confines of the young woman's spasming cunt,
     made tighter by the presence of the Sergeant's long cock only a
     millimeter away in her rectum.

     "A-h-h-h-h,..  u-h-h-h-h-h!"  the girl groaned as the two
     invading cocks wormed their way deep into her guts, stretching
     her twin openings and threatening to rupture the thin membrane
     that separated them.  Her blurry eyes looked down between the
     large discolored mounds of her breasts clamped in the Sergeant's
     torturous hands, at the flat plane of her stomach.  Her eyes
     watched the combined bulge of the two cocks slowly move beneath
     the pale welt streaked skin like a burrowing mole.  She felt the
     razor like pain of her stretched holes mutate into a dull
     nauseating ache.  She was impossibly stuffed as the blunt snouts
     of the invading rods rooted upward shouldering aside any organs
     in their way.  Her nausea mitigated by a flash of pride as she
     soullessly gloated over successfully taking the twin invading
     cocks.  Pain and discomfort, degradation and humiliation mutated
     into pride and pleasure in her confused mind.  Her cum encrusted
     lips turned in a faint smile as she began to buffet between the
     two pistoning cocks.

     The Lieutenant looked down at the sodden lips of her vagina and
     smiled as he felt the smooth cool kiss of the heavy rings lining
     her cunt against his churning balls.  He watched as the obscenely
     swollen and thick grub of her clitoris dragged along the top of
     his cock as he sawed it in and out of the young woman's gorged
     cunt.  The two men settled into a punishing cadence of thrusts
     that pummeled the tall muscular girl like a rag doll between them.
     The Lieutenant's heavy hanging scrotum swung like a bell clapper
     against the Sergeant's wet brown rod.

     Rachel's head lolled back as she emitted a moan like wail that
     ended as though choked off in a guttural huffing series of
     grunts.  The two men emitted only breathy sniggers as they fucked
     the girl, working with a deliberatness that was sadistic.  The
     Sergeant's efforts to maul the attractive teen's oversized breasts
     served to hold them erect and prominent for the Lieutenant's
     attentions.  The Lieutenant, sucked and chewed at the girl's long
     thick nipples until they stood painfully swollen and distended,
     the long rasberry-like nipples reddish blue in their torment.
     His oral craving's satisfied, he began to pull and twist the
     sensitive teats by the thick rings piercing their base.

     "Lieutenant, she is a godless whore this one is, eh?  Uh-h-h,
     where did the anglo slut come from?"  the sadistic Sergeant said
     as he continued to fuck into the unresisting girl.

     "M-m-m-m-m-h, y-e-s!"  the Lieutenant gasped as he felt the girl
     use an idle hand to cup and caress his hanging balls.  "The old
     Padre brought her to us.  She is here for our use until he
     returns."  He punctuated his words by sinking his rigid prong
     into her wet hungry sex to his balls.

     "He says she is a godless whore by her own choosing.  Not fit to
     any other purpose in this life."

     "A-h-h-h-h-h-h-h, n-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o...!!  the girl wailed
     mournfully as the words registered on the fragment of her lust
     drugged mind capable of reason, only to be lost in the turbulent
     maelstrom of another orgasm triggered by the obscene finality of
     the words themselves.

     "U-h-h-h-h, glu-g-g-g-gl, n-o-o-o-o, u-h-h-h-h" she grunted and
     gurgled as the filthy climax churned through her guts.  The sight
     of her disgustingly abused breasts fueling another wave of
     pleasure through her.  As the pulsing fullness filling her
     stretched holes increased, Rachel raised her glazed eyes upward
     and looked lovingly at the swimming vision of her father's
     leering face.  The heat of the liquid explosions filling her
     leaking cunt and anus pushed her to the pinnacle of yet another
     climax and began again the long gut wrenching slide, dragged by
     the apocalyptic horseman freed from the thickly swollen clit
     that projected like a young boy's erect penis above her weeping
     cunt.  She her head fell back slackly as she surrendered to the
     wonderful vileness of yet another climax.  She let the little
     demonic rider drag her through the slimy filth that surrounded
     her existence.  Her obscene thoughts and desires oozed like pus
     from ruptured abscesses to fill her mind and lubricate her slide
     into abject and complete degraded obscenity.

     The leering grin of her father hardened as she felt his balls
     begin to empty, filling her clutching cunt with his seed.  As she
     blinked back burning tears of joy and pleasure, the face of her
     mother appeared at his shoulder dripping with hatred and
     contempt.  She reached upward toward her mother's face.  "Please
     love me....."  she said as her world dissolved into darkness.

     The Lieutenant looked down with a mixture of sadness and contempt
     at the sweat and cum stained face of the young woman they were
     using to purge themselves.  The mountainous mounds of her breasts
     discolored and swollen as the Sergeant continued to maul them.
     The once beautiful young woman was the image of a contemptible
     whore.  He stiffened as his balls began to empty into her
     clutching cunt.  He felt the Sergeant's long cock swell against
     his own as he climaxed.  The vacant eyes of the girl locked on
     his as she reached toward him.  He lashed out with a clenched
     fist, catching the young girl on her upturned jaw.  He burned
     with outrage and contempt at the suggestion of the desperate
     words that echoed in his ears, "Please love me....."




Chapter 34

     Rachel awoke not fully knowing where she was.  She was curled in
     a slight crescent like a sleeping cat in the corner of the room on
     the dusty floor.  She began to straighten her legs and groaned
     with pain as her nerve endings sent pleading signals from her
     battered flesh.  As she lay on her side, her fat and swollen
     breasts rested on one another beneath her chin like two large
     water filled balloons.  One look at their swollen discolored mass
     and memories flooded back into her brain.  The purple bruises
     beneath the thick blue veins that criss crossed the rounded
     expanse of once smooth flawless skin reminded her of the
     merciless hands of the burly Sergeant.  With the memory her cunt
     cramped with excitement as her stomach churned with revulsion.
     Her cunt and ass throbbed dully as she remembered the delightful
     sensation of stretched fullness from the two strangers rampaging
     cocks.  Her tongue snaked out to moisten her dry cum caked lips
     and she felt the swollen cut on her lower lip and felt the dried
     blood, and remembered vaguely the presence of her mother and
     father.  Hopefully she shifted her eyes around the room but only
     saw the half clad men sitting at the table talking in low tones
     amongst themselves.

     She shifted her legs and felt the wadded towel stuffed between
     her bruised thighs.  As she pulled it away she felt the towel tug
     the tender swollen flesh of her labia.  She shivered as the rough
     fabric rubbed against the swollen finger of her clit.  A sudden
     feeling of panic flared as she felt a stiff band around her
     neck, her hand shot up to feel the thick leather collar circling
     her pale neck and she sobbed inwardly.

     Looking down she saw that her crotch was bloody, the towel put
     there to staunch the flow of her period.  She never realized that
     the dual assault by the twin male prongs had done more than
     shower her in the delicious vile filth that greased the latches
     and locks freeing the obscene beast with her.  Lost amid the
     bloody flux was the dead fruit that had rooted in her womb like a
     foul festering growth.  It was the bastard product of countless
     millions of rampant sperm, the commingled seed of her lovers,
     human and beast that had inundated her defiled womb during her
     obscene couplings of the last weeks, like a horde of maggots,
     squirming and writhing in their repeated assaults.  Fleeting
     victory was theirs as the putricent host had polluted the pure
     fruit of her womb just as sure as the throbbing staff from which
     they spurted had corrupted and seduced her once pious and
     reasoned mind.

     Her ripe body had born obscene fruit, plucked like a weed from a
     newly plowed bed.  Yet the fruit had fathered changes of its own,
     her overly pulchritudinous body was now awash with the hormones
     of her aborted pregnancy.

     She groaned inwardly as she felt the sukaranbo cords running
     through her crotch, the twin cords squeezing and chafing her fat
     clit to arousal with her slightest move and the thick hemp knots
     pressing firmly against her stretched and swollen anus.

     "So the the little anglo puta is awake."  the Sergeant said.  He
     looked at her with a look of contempt as he sipped singhani from
     a dirty glass.  He was still naked except for his boots.  He rose
     and walked toward the corner where she lay, the flaccid length of
     his cock swaying like a hose between his thighs.  She began to
     sit up as his hand closed on the chain that connected the stiff
     collar circling her neck to a ring in the wall.

     "You like being leashed like a little she-bitch, puta?"  He
     jerked the chain up lifting the beautiful girl upward.  Her face
     lifted toward his as the collar bit into her neck.  The quiet of
     the room was broken by two gun like reports as his hand caught her
     on the side her pale cheek followed quickly by the back of his
     hand against her other cheek.

     Rachel looked up at her new master her eyes filling with tears as
     she struggled against the choking pressure of the collar and the
     stinging pain in her cheeks.  Her pink tongue dabbed at her
     swollen cut lip as it began to bleed anew.  She glimpsed the
     gloating sadistic face that loomed mockingly above her, and she
     submissively lowered her eyes only to see the the thickening rope
     of his cock swaying only inches from her face.

     Her eyes focused on the swaying member as it lengthened and
     thickened in sadistic delight at her helplessness.  She became
     mesmerized her empty hands fidgeting and scrabbling at the floor
     in confusion.  He eyes became glassy as she played her role in a
     divine parody.  The obscene reversal of the indian snake charming
     played out in the small hut in the Bolivian, Chaco.  The
     attractive teen tongued her parted cut lips, as her mouth filled
     with saliva in anticipation.  Only the confining pressure of the
     collar against her neck kept her from the delicious male flesh
     that waved temptingly before her.

     The Sergeant raised his had to strike the slut again but stayed
     his hand as he watched her sway from side to side, her glassy
     eyes staring at his stiffening cock.  With a contemptuous laugh
     he lowered his hand and offered it to her as one would a dog.

     The calloused hand brushed her reddened cheek where a moment
     before it had brutally struck her.  Her pride was drown in a
     flood of need as she turned to kiss and nuzzle the hand of her
     abuser.  Tears of need and shame streamed down her cheeks as she
     lapped and kissed the hand like a cur.  As she had hoped the hand
     holding the chain relaxed enough to allow her to reach the
     delicious rod of flesh that teased her.  As her lips kissed the
     hardening tube, her little dirty hands quickly cupped his heavy
     balls and caressed them as they nestled within the hairy sacks of
     his scrotum.

     Rachel felt the familiar and wanted pangs of hunger radiating
     from her empty cunt.  As she nuzzled and sucked at the meaty orbs
     within the Sergeant's hairy sacks, she hunched her hips and up
     and down sawing the sukaranbo cords back and forth along her
     trapped clit.  Forgotten was the Lieutenant, sitting at the table
     watching the teen suck ravenously at the burly Sergeant's cock.
     Her sore tortured muscles became supple and limber as she bent
     herself to her delightful task, her body responding to the need
     growing within her.

     The Sergeant looked down at the angelic face of the mindless slut
     rooting and groveling between his legs.  Her startling blue eyes,
     sightless except for his cock.  The lower half of her face
     glistened with her own saliva as she bathed his swelling balls
     with her warm spit.  Her yellow hair hung in dirty strings
     framing her smooth cheeks, spotted here and there with a bruise
     and filth from the floor.  The young teen sobbed quietly, her
     eyes darting as though the delightful morsel might be take away.
     Her swollen cracked lips alternating between a satisfied smile
     and and a rictus of revulsion, only to open in loving wet
     reception each time her small hands offered up a piece of his
     throbbing flesh for them to taste; the firm orb draped in the
     soft comforting flesh of his scrotum, or the firm purplish snout
     of his staff of masculine power.  Each her mouth ultimately
     accepted, her empty dripping pit pulling painfully tight within
     her flat belly.

     The heavy fleshy bags of her tortured breasts swung ponderously
     from her narrow chest as she groveled on her knees.  The lower
     surface of the discolored orbs bellied out where they rested
     against her fine ribcage, the flat horizontal expanse of their
     upper surface rolling in graceful curves to her armpits and
     plunging into her wide cavernous cleavage.  The heavy glands had
     grown, swollen and weighted by fluids collecting from the
     multiple edemas and expanding ducts due to furious hormones.  The
     once faint blue veins had become prominent raised vessels criss
     crossing the pale bruised surfaces.  They grew in a desperate
     effort to feed the throbbing demands of the thick pierced knots
     of fleshed that projected from the raised saucers of puckered
     flesh capping the wobbling tits.

     The man towering over her grunted in satisfaction as she captured
     the throbbing crown of his long cock in the hot wet cavern of her
     mouth.  Her tongue was a blur as it swirled and caressed the
     throbbing blunt snout as it pumped in and out of her suctioning
     mouth.  The girl's pale hand smacked wetly against her suctioning
     mouth as her fist shucked up and down the pistoning rod.  The
     degraded teen scrubbed her dribbling bottom against her dirty
     heels pulling and chaffing the rough hemp along the angry
     tortured flesh of her clit.  The chain hanging from her clit
     dangled between her legs anchored by the heavy cross that tapped
     against her leg sending delicious sparks through her stretched and
     engorged clit.

     Rachel felt the soft brown bags of the Sergeant's scrotum pull
     tight and his legs tense as his climax approached.  The hot flesh
     of his cock head swelled in her mouth as her tiny pink tongue
     probed it's slitted mouth in a miniature French kiss.

     Her saliva wet fist pumped at the veiny rod, the sensitive skin
     sliding up and down its expanding girth.  The young missionary's
     mind reeled with anticipation of the creamy treat that would soon
     be her's.  Her mouth suctioned at the swelling head, bringing a
     groan from the stoic stranger standing over her.

     "U-h-h-h-h-h....a-h-h-h-h-h-h," he moaned as his free hand joined
     hers on the length of his cock.  The young teen whimpered as the
     collar around her graceful neck pulled taunt wrenching her lips
     from around his purple knob.

     "O-h-h-h-h, please, n-o-o-o-o", she whined in frustration as her
     expectant lips sucked at air.  Her eyes flitted in confused panic
     from his face to the fat snout of the purple god before her.
     Tears of frustration welled in her eyes as her tongue flitted
     back and forth between her parted lips in greedy supplication.  As
     sudden as a storm from the heavens, the object of her desire spat
     white streamers arching skyward, like Zeus casting his bolts from
     the heavens.  The thick liquid lightening rained down again and
     again on the needy face of his supplicant.

     The demon burning between the young teen's legs throbbed and
     exploded as the first streamer of hot sperm touched her face,
     sending a nova of sensation coursing though her sex drugged
     brain.

     "U-h-h-h-h-a-w-w-w-w-w-w-h", she moaned as one thick rope of hot
     sperm after another cast itself across her upturned face.  Her
     tongue flapped greedily lapping at the thick gelatinous filth,
     her swollen parted lips sucked at the viscous threads like
     obscene noodles as they landed wetly.

     "Here my puta bonita, a-a-h-h-h-h...  have mine too", said the
     Lieutenant as he stepped next the the groaning Sergeant, rapidly
     pumping his spouting cock.  With a muffled groan his cock spewed
     streamers of yellowish seed across the squirming girl's face.

     "G-l-l-l-l-u-u-u-g-h", she gurgled as the thick seed mingled to
     clog her mouth, coating her small teeth and curtaining her mouth
     as it ovaled like a beached fish.  Hot sperm joined the tears in
     her eyes as she moved in frantic blind attempts to capture the
     delicious cum in her mouth.  Her obscenely fat clit, stretched
     and swollen by the trapped blood tingled as sparked as her greedy
     body pumped more and more blood between the taunt cords that
     confined it.  The cells of it's flesh and nerves stretched and
     expanded like some unholy growth.  Like an evil brain, it
     triggered pulse after pulse of sensation coursing through the
     helpless girl drowning her self restraint and respect in a flood
     of endorphins.  As sure as the addict loses themselves and all
     that is of value to their heroin or crack, poor Rachel had lost
     herself and all that is holy in her desperate need for the drug
     only the obscene evil between her legs could give her.




     Chapter 35

     She lay in the corner like a soiled discarded rag.  Her hair hung
     in matted strands plastered to her pale forehead with clots of
     drying sperm.  A chain hung from the hook on the wall connected
     to the black collar circling her neck.  Her cum encrusted lips
     were curled in a satisfied smile as she slept, the musky taste of
     sperm filled her mouth and a warm puddle of the delightful fluid
     filled her flat belly.

     The two soldiers had left her chained in the corner in place of
     the cur bitch that had recently died while giving birth to a
     litter of mongrel pups.  The tall anglo girl lay on the filthy
     mat that had once been the dog's.

     The slept soundly, the two soldiers having left to attended their
     duties.  She lay on her side her peach colored cheek streaked
     with dried cum rested on her left hand, her right arm stretched
     over her head.  Her lower leg was extended, the other was drawn
     up near her belly.  The ruby red lips of her swollen cunt were
     crusted with her dried secretions.  The hemp cords of the
     sukaranbo wove through the brass rings piercing her fat labial
     lips.  The cords were matted and darkened where they emerged from
     the thick folds of her labia, sodden with her liquid guilt.  The
     red swollen projection of her clit was visible between her legs
     where it was trapped between the taunt strands of cord, still
     engorged with blood, it glistened, the flesh tight and livid.

     Rachel murmured and whimpered in her sleep, reliving her
     debauching at the hands of the two men.  The taste of their seed
     still fresh in her mouth as her delicate tongue dabbed at the
     dried film coating her lust swollen lips.  She felt their hands
     crawling across her chest, tormenting her painfully sensitive
     nipples.  She sighed as she felt a touch at her swollen clit as
     thick pierced appendage was strummed and tweaked.  The warm salve
     of someone's saliva moisten the swollen lips of her sex.

     The attractive girl's long matted lashes parted slightly as she
     roused from her fitful sleep.  Her breath caught in her throat as
     her struggling eyes focused not on demanding male hands
     tormenting her breasts, but the writhing shapes of several hungry
     pups.

     Rachel's heart pounded as her mind resolved the scene before her
     with the sensations coursing through her sluggish nerves.  An
     aggressive black pup had latched onto the swollen nipple of her
     left breast sucking and gnawing on it as he would his mother's
     teat.  His needle like teeth pricked the oversized nub as the
     hungry animal strove to sate his hunger at the poor girl's
     breast.  The confused girl was horrified as she realized that yet
     another hungry beast was rooting at her chest, his sharp nails
     scratching and clawing, leaving red tracks on her pale flesh as
     he sought another teat at which to feed.  A feather touch at her
     groin sent shivers through her as her lust deadened nerves awoke
     as the the now familiar tendrils of lust snaked through her young
     body.

     Her blue eyes glanced down as she parted her sleek thighs.  The
     black head of a third hungry pup wormed its way between them, his
     tongue avidly lapping at the thick ooze coating her leaking
     labia.

     A forlorn groan started in her throat and rose to a shrill
     whimper as she shook her head in desperate denial.  Her stiffly
     matted hair half hid her face as she sobbed in pathetic
     resignation, her smooth thighs parting involuntarily, allowing
     the hungry pup unrestricted access to her leaking cunt.

     Her small white hands, rather than pushing away the parasitic pup
     at her left breast, raised the heavy slab of flesh, allowing the
     other hungry beast access to the teat of her right breast.  As
     she lifted the firm swollen orb she rolled partially onto her
     back, parting her thighs as she did so.  Her awakened cunt
     throbbed with obscene delight as her movements caused her mammoth
     tits to separate heavily on her chest, dragging one pup across
     her chest, his tiny teeth imbedded in her thick nipple.She
     groaned as his hind paws clawed against the tender skin of her
     belly as he tried to get a better purchase on the thick leaking
     teat.

     The sharp pain in her nipples shot through her bringing a throb
     to the swollen finger of her clit, trapped between the taunt
     strands of hemp.

     She lay on the dead bitches blanket, her pale thighs gaping
     obscenely, her arms spread above her head, as the three hungry
     pups nipped and clawed at her sensitive flesh.

     Her blue eyes watched in horror as the two pups gnawed at the
     long thick projections capping the mounds of her breasts.  She
     moaned in pleasure, helpless to stop the tiny carnivores as they
     tried to feast at her swollen tits.  A flash of painful pleasure
     blinded her eyes as the forgotten beast between her legs
     mistakenly began to suckle at the nipple like projection of her
     clitoris.  The needles of his tiny teeth pricked at the livid
     flesh swollen with blood as he nursed, the blebs of rich salty
     blood springing forth spurred him on.  Streamers of pain radiated
     from her nipples and clit coursing through her, blossomed and
     erupted into a filthy climax.  Her breath caught in her throat,
     her blue eyes rolled and her back arched as the foul sensations
     released the craved tide of endorphins.  She writhed on the dirty
     blanket as though strapped in place by invisible bonds.  No bonds
     existed except those in her lust drunk mind.  She was slavishly
     bound to her own selfish needs.  An addled giggle escaped her wet
     lips as she watched the pups nurse and chew at her turgid flesh.
     Streamers of colostrum ran down the high slopes of her breasts as
     the swollen ducts threading through the firm flesh of her
     breasts, opened under the avid attention of her four legged
     children.  Her lust besotted brain was dulled to the fact that
     the hungry beasts were sating themselves on nourishment meant for
     her aborted bastard child.  She could only arch her slim back and
     revel in the sensations coursing through her as the pups used her
     as they would have the dead bitch.

     The attractive young American writhed there obscenely besotted by
     the uncounted and loathful climaxes afforded her as her mongrel
     companions had their fill.  The tide of shame and guilt rose as
     the endorphin rush of her polluted orgasims faded.  She began to
     quietly sob, her form shaking as she cried the tears of the
     damned.




     Chapter 36

     Steve Falwell knelt by the frame of the rickety bed, his elbows
     resting on the wool blanket that served as the mattress.  His
     eyes were closed as he was lost in prayer.  The bed sat in the
     corner of the hut that served as a church when the Padre came up
     from the lowlands for his monthly visit to the village of Refugio
     del Muerto.  Falwell's stay at the village had been hard.  His
     presence had been grudgingly accepted among the predominately
     catholic villagers.  The people here were mainly peasants
     scratching a living out of the jungle, or guerillas aiming to
     extort money from the government by threatening the production of
     iron ore form the surrounding hills.  He had promised to send for
     Rachel, but after his arrival he realized how dangerous a place
     it was.  It was best he had decided, that she remain in the safe
     keeping of Padre Pietro.  While he held the catholic faith in
     contempt, seeing as a collection of outdated superstitions and
     dogma held over from the middle ages, he thought that the
     exposure to the teachings of another denomination would help in
     furthering her education.

     There were few women and many men in the village.  There were the
     wizen hags that seemed to be in every village square, begging.
     The others were wives or whores or both.  Not at all a place for
     a young attractive anglo girl like his daughter.  God forbid that
     she be exposed to the leering lecherous stares that the local
     women had to endure.

     He pushed the thoughts from his mind as he immersed himself in
     prayer, secure in the knowledge that a man of his benevolent god
     watched over his oldest daughter.

     After an hour of prayer, Falwell rose and left the hut and made
     his way down to the stream that served as the villages water
     source.  He stripped to the waist and splashed water on his torso
     to wash away the night sweat.  He picked up his towel and as he
     dried himself he noticed the dark haired girl standing quietly in
     the small copse of trees to his right.


     Roselita Cocho watched the handsome anglo her curiosity
     overcoming her basic shyness.


     The girl seemed to be his shadow, she followed him at a discrete
     distance whenever he was about.  When he asked about her, the
     villagers had told him she had been orphaned at a young age by
     the vagaries of life in the jungle.  The girl eked out an
     existence through the charities of the village.  Always one step
     ahead of those that would exploit her.

     As he dried the girl stepped to the stream edge and pulled the
     shoulders of her tattered peasant dress down to where it bunched
     around her waist.  Falwell watched as she bent to splash water
     over her torso as he had done.  Her pendulous brown breasts
     capped by dark nipples attested to the indian blood that coursed
     through her veins.  He saw the patches of dark hair beneath her
     arms as she splashed herself.  His watching eyes saw her
     prominent nipples pucker at the touch of the cool water as it ran
     down her hanging breast to drip from the elongated tips.

     His mind reeled in righteous indignation as he watched the girl
     expose herself to his probing eyes.  "Another typical indian
     slut."  he thought to himself with contempt.  "She obviously is
     not familiar with the word of god and his teachings on modesty
     and chastity."

     Before he could gather his things to give her privacy, the young
     indian girl raised her dress, revealing a thick thatch of black
     pubic hair.  She thrust her bared hips forward and splashed a
     cupped hand of water over the thick patch.  She unashamedly ran
     her middle fingers through the thick mat spreading her reddish
     pink labia, cleaning herself.

     Falwell's face crimsoned in a mixture of rage and embarrassment.
     His mind filled with words " such as "slut", "shameless whore",
     in his anger and self righteous rage he no longer saw the
     innocent nudity of a young indian girl.  Instead he saw the
     mocking display of his faithless wife.  No young girl shamelessly
     bathing herself, but a taunting licentious display designed to
     humiliate him.  Seething, he hurridly gathered his things and
     stomped off toward the village, the young girl looking bewildered
     and confused in his wake.

     Fighting to control his anger, he tried to ignore the tingling in
     his groin as his penis began to engorge itself with blood.  He
     began to recite the Lord's Prayer to himself, but the vision of
     the girl's lascivious display kept invading his thoughts like an
     unwelcome serpent.

     He rushed to the hut and hurried to the makeshift altar, bare
     chested, the thick brown hair on his chest still beaded with
     water.  He knelt in desperate prayer, knowing this was yet
     another test his Lord God was subjecting him to.

     He knelt silently lost in prayer, drugged on the opiate of
     sanctimonious righteousness.  He saw himself risen above the
     unsaved multitudes, lifted above the temptations and consequent
     retributions meted out by his just and loving god.  In his
     zealous contentment, he could not see beyond the serene bearded
     mask, to see the vengful hateful face of the being that ripped
     nursing babes from their mother's breasts with dripping fangs.
     The eyes of his god watched with glee, this world of his that was
     nothing more than a death machine.  It's creatures suffering pain
     and death so that others might live.  The strong subjugate the
     weak, the meek mere toys for the domineering.

     Falwell jumped at the touch against his chest.  Looking down he
     saw a brown arm connected to the hand caressing the thick mat of
     hair on his chest.  His eyes followed the arm to his right and
     met the smiling face of the young indian girl.  Close up he saw
     that she was the age of his own daughter, no more than 18 years.
     Her half lidded brown eyes were soft pools in a copper face
     framed by a wealth of straight black hair.  The smooth high
     cheeks topped the soft line of her jaw, forming a graceful oval
     before meeting at her small cleft chin.  Her nose was fine and
     flawless hintingly flared, a tribute to her indian blood.  Her
     lips were turned up in a faint smile, revealing strong white
     teeth.  The upper edge of her full lip curled into a perpetual
     pout casting a sexy shadow above her upper lip.  Her eyes flitted
     between his face and her hand now entwined in the hair of his
     chest.

     He suddenly realized he was the first anglo man she had ever
     seen, the hair on his chest was a revelation to her.  She played
     with the hair on his chest, the little little soldiers moving
     farther down his chest and stomach.  He felt the hot flush of
     arousal seep through him.  The despised throbbing in his groin
     had returned with a vengance.  His arms lay frozen in their
     posture of supplication, his clasped hands unable or unwilling to
     stop the girl's inquisitive probing fingers.

     The trusting affection in the girl's face was obvious.  He half
     turned toward her, the the beguiling smile on his thin lips
     screening the conflict within him.  "Here was an innocent child
     of god," his mind said one instant, the next she was a wanton
     godless slut, bent on seducing him.  She was the picture of
     unspoiled innocence, no, she was a calculating whore like his
     ex-wife, bent on humiliating him.

     His eyes darted between the innocent features of her face the the
     quivering globes of her full breasts barely concealed by her
     tattered dress.

     Fuming hatred ate at the thin veneer of Christian love he had
     used as a plaster to cover the festering wounds inflicted on him
     not too long ago.  He raised his hand and touched the girl's
     cheek, she giggled at his touch.  The laughter rang like an echo
     of his faithless wife's laughter at his horror as he watched her
     tongue her lover's cock, still slick with her own secretions.

     His hand brushed past her cheek and entwined itself in her thick
     black hair and wrenched her head back with a snap.  The look of
     amused affection was replaced by one of surprised horror as his
     smiling lips turned into a snarl.

     "You fucking whore, you're just like all of them.  Using pretty
     smiles and soulful eyes to lead us on, to humiliate us.  "You
     want to play, I can play," he said as his used his free hand to
     rip open the frightened girl's tattered dress.

     The old fabric tore easily ripping from neck to hem and gaped
     invitingly.  The girl's torso bent back in a graceful bow by the
     pressure of his hand tangled in her hair.  The flat bare expanse
     of her chest and stomach lay beneath his gaze, her full breasts
     separating heavily on her chest.  He ran his free hand over the
     soft brown mounds feeling the dark brown nipples harden under his
     touch.

     Seething with rage he ignored the girl's sobbing whimpers as he
     dragged her to the corner of the room and pushed her to her knees
     by the bed.  Her bewildered face looked up at his, catching only
     glimpses around the strong arm that held her head captive, hand
     entwined in her thick hair.  Her full brown breasts jiggled and
     swayed as her breath came in panicked gasps as her wide brown
     eyes watched the anglo man unfasten his trousers with his free
     hand.  Fear bubbled to the surface as the young girl began to
     whimper and sob.

     Falwell tightened his grip on her hair as he heard the sob, the
     rigid pole of his cock throbbed as he felt an awful power course
     like a foul contaminant through his veins.  He sadistically
     twisted the girl's hair as he raised his arm, pulling her face
     closer to his groin.

     Roselita's stomach convulsed at the sight of the rigid pale rod
     that thrust from the nest of brown hair between his thighs.  The
     young girl sobbed as her eyes stared at the clear fluid that
     leaked from the tiny wordless mouth that cut the surface of the
     reddish plum atop the thick white stalk.  Bile rose in her throat
     as she watched it grow like some loathsome snake, dripping venom
     as it slithered closer to her trembling lips.  In her terror she
     saw the thick blue veins wrapping its surface pulse as it grew
     more larger feeding on her fear as the man tasted his abject
     power.

     "This is what you really wanted.  Isn't it you fucking puta!"  he
     hissed as he drew her tear stained face closer to his cock.

     His blood seethed as he felt total control, he reveled in the
     fear that wrote itself in the girl's face.  No hymn sounded
     sweeter to his ears than the tearful whimpers and sobs that tore
     themselves from the young girl's throat.

     Fisting his cock with his free hand, he guided it to the girl's
     full trembling lips.  He glossed their soft fullness with the
     stagnant ocher that leaked from his pious balls.  He mashed the
     firm softness of his cock head against the white barrier of the
     girl's teeth, dragging it along as a child would a stick along a
     picket fence.  Her lips and cheeks distorted as he scrubbed the
     thick invader back and forth, reveling in the sensation of warmth
     and wetness as her unwilling lips caressed the sensitive head.

     The young indian girl gagged as she felt the thick knob slide
     across her teeth and the taste of the gross slime assaulted her
     senses.  She forced her tongue against the bulwark of her teeth
     in an attempt to reinforce the ivory barrier.

     Tiring of the game, Falwell brutal twisted the girls head up and
     back, breaking the seal of her jaws as he threatened to tear the
     fist full of hear from her skull.

     "Aw-w-w-w-w-w-h!!"  she sobbed against the pain forgetting for an
     instant the crudgel of flesh that lurked at her lips.  Falwell
     thrust his hips forward as he drew the girl's unresisting head to
     his groin.  His hard shaft of swollen flesh slid between
     Roselita's parted lips, her teeth scraping down it's pulsing
     length.  The poor girl struggled for breath as the plum like knob
     bulled past her epiglottis and lodged in the back of her throat.
     Her slight frame was wracked with heaves as she gagged in
     response to the thick invader.  Her writhing form hung like a
     fish impaled on a spear.  Her arms and legs flailed pitifully as
     she was rendered powerless by her for air and her bodies
     involuntary efforts to expel the foreign invader nesting in her
     throat.

     Falwell held the flailing girl's head in a vice-like hold as he
     pulled her head tightly to his groin, his upper body hunching
     over in effort.

     "M-m-m-m-m-m-m_h, don't fight it bitch!"  he spat as he ground
     his hips tighter against the unresisting girl's face.

     The young girl felt blind panic as her vision was blotted out by
     the tight flesh of the man's stomach.  The coarse hair of his
     groin pricked her nose as the thick shaft forced her jaws apart
     as it slither into her convulsing throat.  Unable to breath she
     pushed against his steely legs in futile protest.  Her brain
     screamed in protest as she fought against the mindless heaving as
     her throat struggled to expel the merciless shaft.

     Her mouth ran rivulets of drool warming and caressing the thick
     pole as she calmed enough to breath through her nose, and her
     throat grew accustomed to it's new tenant.

     He held his thick cock imbedded in the girl's throat until he
     felt her struggles subside.  Her small hands rested on his flanks
     and the faint breath from her nostrils caressed his groin.

     With a groan of satisfaction he drew his hips backward breaking
     the tight seal with a wet "smacking" sound.  He drew his dripping
     cock back to where the swollen knob lay against the tip of the
     girl's tongue.  As slow thrust drove the shaft home again as the
     girl knelt, her lips parted in unresisting welcome.




     Chapter 37

     Rachel knelt naked in the center of the room, the stiff collar
     around her neck connected to the leash that led to the Sergent's
     calloused hand.  The lamplight in the shone off her pale naked
     flesh.  Her hands were clasped together, her arms beneath her
     heavy swollen breasts.  She knelt silently head down the taste of
     the two soldier's cum still fresh in her mouth.  They had offered
     her their cocks to suck, and suck them she had, filling her
     grateful mouth with their rich creamy sperm.  Feelings of
     revulsion and shame mixed with the warmth of pride she felt at
     the thought that she could so easily bring them to climax, her
     practiced hands coaxing the thick seed from their tight scrotums.
     Lost in her private tangle of emotions, she heard a declaration
     that cut to her soul, like a clarion bell it rang in her skull,
     filling her with hollow dread.  Tonite she would be taken to the
     barracks.  She would be given to the men of the camp like a
     common whore.  Her stomach knotted as the bile rose, surely they
     would not do that to her, she was theirs.  They would protect
     her.  She belonged to them.  The mirage of security she felt in
     their company vanished as the Sergeant pulled at the leash
     forcing her head to raise.

     "Puta, tonight you will visit the men.  They will like you, I
     think, yes."  the Sergeant said with a laugh.  "You will be the
     good whore, I think."  he said underscoring his words by bringing
     the looped end of the leash down savagely across her bare buttock
     leaving a livid red welt.  The bells hanging from her pierced
     nipples tinkled as the flesh of her heavy breasts woggled from
     the blow.

     The attractive teen bit her lip to the pain as it flashed through
     her.  She groaned not because of the blow, but at the sick
     feeling of anticipation it released in her.  The empty dread and
     revulsion that filled her gave way to the tentacles of peverse,
     sick excitement.  Her mind flashed with images of strange men and
     their erect cocks.  Dark faces filled with leering lust,
     connected to torturous hands playing out obscene, demonic needs.
     The realization that she would be the instrument of their
     fulfillment caused her stomach heave as her pussy convulsed, a
     thick jet of guilty musk leaking through the thin hair that
     fringed her swollen pierced labia.

     A tug at the leash caused her stomach to heave, driven by a
     moaning wail, as she leaned to the side to vomit up a pool of
     white cum.  The sight of the rank fluid she had so recently
     swallowed, sent guilt scalding through her.  "You are a whore",
     her conscience screamed at her.  "Not even these vile men would
     want you."  it laughed at her.  "You are nothing, good only to be
     used and to give others vile and obscene pleasure."  The maniacal
     laughter she heard was her own, as she dipped a small finger in
     the congealing pool of vomitus cum and licked at it with her tiny
     pink tongue.

     Another tug and she came to all fours behind the Sergeant her
     whore's bells tinkling as the heavy liquid filled sacks of her
     breasts fell to hang heavily beneath her like twin udders.

     "Uno momento", the Lieutenant said.  He stepped forward and
     unclipped the harness from her waist.  He pulled the twin ropes
     clear of her crotch, noting the slimy wet section that had been
     imbedded between her labia.

     The young anglo teen groaned as her swollen clitoris burned and
     throbbed as the tension of the two rough ropes fell away and
     circulation returned.  The first moan was followed by another as
     the Lieutenant forced his thumb into her upturned sphincter at
     the same time he buried three fingers in her clutching wet cunt.
     She glanced back at the man and waggled her plumping bottom in
     offering.  He pulled his fingers dripping from her snatch and
     offered them to her.  Tears sprang to her bright blue eyes as her
     tongue snaked out from between her smiling lips lick and suck at
     the evidence of her own sluttishness.

     "Arrer!"  he said bringing his hand down on her bottom with a
     "crack" as one would a horse.  "Seguir adelante!  Go ahead, puta,
     the hungry men await!"  he said with a laugh.  "It is claro that
     you are ready."  he said looking at his wet fingers.

     The Sergeant stepped from the Lieutenant's hut, trailing on the
     leash behind him she began the slow crawl across the camp to dark
     barracks door.

     The moonlight shone off her pale skin lending it the hue of
     ivory.  The flash of yellow marked the instant when the rings of
     brass in her labia and bells hanging from her nipples caught the
     moonlight.  Her heavy breasts swayed beneath her, their heavy
     load of colostrum filling them, the tincling bells hanging from
     her long distended nipples nearly dragging the ground beneath
     her.  Her taunt buttocks flexed as she crawled, broader than
     weeks before due to the raging tide of hormones that were only
     now abating in the wake of her empty womb.

     Her mind raged as she crawled, ordering her arms and legs to
     cease moving as her wide eyes watched the black doorway grow
     larger, looming before her like a maw set on devouring her.  A
     giddiness fought with sickening dread as she crawled propelled by
     the obscene desire that ruled her.  The heavy crusifix hanging
     from the ring in her clit tapped a steady tattoo against her
     thigh as it swung tugging and pulling at the sensitive bundle of
     nerves.

     The Sergeant stopped, the dark doorway stood but eight feet away.
     A low moan escaped her throat as he stooped to remove the collar
     and leash.

     "O-h-h-h-h-h, n-o-o-o-o", she wailed at the realization that he
     was taking away the last shred of vaporous pride.  No he would
     not lead her like a cur into the barracks.  She could not hide
     behind the lie that she was being made, that she was being forced
     to give herself to these faceless men.  These peasants.  She
     would crawl willingly into their coarse caresses.  She would know
     that she craved their stiff rods and lusted for the thick foaming
     sperm that boiled in their heavy balls.

     The Sergeant took a step back and watched.  With a moan, she
     placed first one hand then the other as she began to crawl toward
     the dark open doorway.  Like a black hole it drew her inexorably
     onward.  She could hear the nervous and excited murmurs from the
     darkness within as the countless eyes caught their first glimpse
     of her lacivious form.

     Her pale had paused at the threshold of the door, her face turned
     back toward the lighted doorway across the camp.  Her eyes paused
     at the twin figures illuminated in the door.  Their laughter
     echoed in her ears.  With a sob, she turned her pretty face,
     tears streaming down her pink cheeks.  She extended her arm and
     the sick need pulled her into the dark maw of the hut.  A low
     roar of excited male voices rose as her ivory form was swallowed
     by the black perversion that waited for her within.

     Her wide eyes brimmed with tears as they sought to pierce the dim
     light in the barracks.  Her little pink tongue snaked out to
     nerviously lap at the heavy ring resting above her full upper
     lip.  She continued to crawl, the doorway leading to a gauntlet
     of short dark men.  The excited murmuring continued as she
     crawled, sudued as the men were awed by the peverse spectacle
     they could have only dreamt about in thier unspoken twisted
     fantasies.

     The narrow corridor of men led to a line of dirty cotton quilts
     in the center of the barracks.  At the base of the long walls
     were their sleeping mats.  A hearth stood at the far end.
     Several oil lamps lit the dim interior.

     She crawled as the assembled men, nearly twenty in all closed on
     her as she neared the center of the room.  A man, a boy really
     stepped forward as she crawled, her eyes met his and a smile of
     recognition flitted on her lips.  The young soldier from the day
     of her arrival.  The boy, several years younger than Rachel,
     reached down with a hand to brush away the strands of matted hair
     that obscured her face.

     The murmurs rose as the men saw the girl's beauty.  Even through
     the dirt, the mortified and marred flesh, the young anglo girl
     looked like an obscene vision of the Madonna herself.  Alabaster
     skin reddened and chaffed, the flesh mortifed by the rings, the
     swollen, leaking milky breasts.  Every lust filled mind saw the
     same adolesent vision, felt the hot rush of guilt sear their
     loins and twist into guilt driven anger at the blameless girl.
     The foul and obscene melding of carnal lust and religious
     iconography was as old as religion, the old tools of lust and
     guilt worked their magic as each mind vilified and blamed the
     object of their own lustful vision and thus absolved themselves
     of blame.

     Rachel smiled up at the boy past the heavy ring hanging from her
     pierced septum.  As she watched, the boy's smile turned to a leer
     as his hand tightened in her hair pulling her forward.  The
     feeling that flickered in Rachel, died, as she saw the swollen
     knob of the boy's slim cock snaking out of his fist.  His young
     hand slid down her face to hook it's thumb in the ring hanging
     from her nose.  With a chuckle he pulled the thumb upwards
     forcing her face up and back.  He continued to pull her forward
     her mouth agape.  She groaned at the humiliating pain in her nose
     forcing her lips to part and accept the slimy knob into her wet
     mouth.  A low moan rumbled in her throat as the consuming dread
     and revulsion were extinguished by the hot wind of lust that
     roared from the furnace of her clit.

     Against her will she raised her hands to the hard lucious cock
     the young boy offered her.  She mewed as she sucked and lapped at
     the delicious prong.  The boy looked around the room at the other
     men, many older than he, in triumph.

     The tension broken, a dozen hands decended on the young american,
     caressing, squeezing, probing, pinching and pulling.  Dirty nails
     and calloused hands marred the girl's pale skin as they hungrily
     pawed the form that only existed in their dreams before tonite.

     Rachel groaned in guilty pleasure as she felt the many strange
     hands roaming her body.  Her mind floated within a jar of thick
     obscentity.  Like a preserved laboratory sample her brain's mind
     eye watched from where it floated suspended in the rank foulness,
     watching the mixed crowd of indians, mestizos, mullato's and
     other racial mongrels feasted on her lurid sexuality.  Dirty
     hands caressed and squeezed her soft yeilding flesh, pinched and
     pulled, each yearning to hear a whimper or groan issue from the
     girl in response.  Other fingers pushed and probed exploring the
     clinging wetness of her quim, toyed with the wet glistening rings
     in her labia, pulled and tugged at the suspended crusifix which
     was an extension of her grotesquely swollen clit.  Fingers
     squeezed and milked at her heavy hanging breasts, drops of
     collostrum flowed down her whore's bells dripping to bead on the
     packed dirt floor beneath her.

     The attractive girl moaned around the cock stuffing her mouth as
     she began to shudder beneath the strange hands.  Her minds's
     disembodied image of herself pushing her inflamed clit to climax.
     She grunted and snuffled around the cock like a rooting sow as
     she surrendered control of her body to the black orgasm.  The
     finger stuffing her cunt felt the guilty spasims, watching eyes
     saw the telltale flexing and contracting of her finely chiseled
     muscles.

     Twenty masculine throats laughed at the girl's guilty display,
     and as many minds absolved themselves of any lingering guilt, for
     surely this was a puta, a low and base whore.  All doubts were
     gone.

     Suddenly as if one mind, they pulled her free of the young boy's
     cock, her mouth working like a waterless fish as hands picked her
     up and deposited her kneeling on the collection of mats in the
     center of the hut.  Eager hands grasped her fleshy hips,
     spreading her firm cheeks.  A dark burly figure kneed his way
     between her splayed legs.  Fisting his cock he ran the thick head
     up and down the pink crevass of the american girl's fleshy labia,
     luxuriating in the feel of the cool metal rings along his pulsing
     rod.  He grunted with satisfaction as his knob caught in the
     throat of her cunt and he leaned into her forcing his thick brown
     post between the white and pink flesh of the girl's offered
     labia.

     "Muy bueno puta", he said with a chuckle as he felt her hips
     surge back towards his as the girl's cunt eagerly enveloped his
     surging cock.

     Hands jackknifed the unresisting girl at the waist, as stiff
     cocks were offered to her pale white hands, which her small
     fingers gladly embraced.  Her slender throat extended with a
     groan as she felt the thick post of an unseen cock first plug and
     begin to stuff her wet welcoming cock.  She eagerly pushed her
     ample hips back forcing her dripping cunt against the cock that
     speared into her botton.  She relinquished her grip on a
     throbbing cock to reach between her spayed thighs to cup and
     caress the hanging balls of her first rapist.  She was rewarded
     with a grunt of appreciation before her arm hand was pulled away
     and placed on yet another throbbing prong.

     The young american's blood began to race, poisoned with black
     lust, as her inflamed clit convulsed under the crude caresses of
     the countless hands that mauled her.  Her blue eyes searched the
     milling crowd of sweating male bodies that gathered around her
     like a pack of feeding dogs.  Hairy hard muscled legs bumped
     against her.  Her eyes swam from one brown greasy face to
     another, leering grins framed with thin greasy moustaches and
     filled with rotten teeth rained obscene phrases in coarse spanish
     down upon her blond head.

     The foul lust filling her veins transmutted her shame and
     humiliation into pride and hunger.  No longer did the degrading
     words burn her ears and pierce her heart.  The words spurred her
     on to lower and lower levels of self abasement as they filled her
     with pride.  How could she not be proud that so many men wanted
     her, that she could instill such lust in so many with her naked
     body?  She groaned not in pain, as pitiless fingers twisted and
     pulled at the rings embedded in her tenderest flesh.  She groaned
     in pleasure.  Her debauched mind found wild pleasure at the
     degradation of her vile physical self.  She ground her breasts in
     to the coarse hands that squeezed and mauled the heavy milk laden
     udders.  She pulled against the fingers that twisted the rings
     piercing her thick swollen nipples.  She groaned in encouragement
     at the impatient hands that squeezed and pinched at her pale
     flesh, eager to have their turn at degrading her, venting their
     black lust into her drooling orifices in a loathful parady of
     religious absolution.

     Her body cried out in one shuddering climax after another for
     thier foul secretions, her mouth hungered for their thick seed,
     her skin burned to feel the coarsness of their beards, their
     rough demanding touch.

     With a volcanic like roar the attractive teen pulled the slender
     cock in her right hand to her full lips.  Her eyes smiled at the
     short dark man connected to the cock she began to kiss and suck.
     A moan gargled in her throat as the liquid pulsing of the cock
     embedded in her sucking cunt pushed her into yet another climax.
     She felt an instance of cool air against her gaping empty cunt,
     before a new stiff prong slicked up and down her drooling groove
     and stuffed her full!

     She felt a new set of hands grip her fleshy hips and pull her
     back against him.  Her suple thighs began to rock her back and
     forth onto the thick cock.  Her swollen labia swabbed up and down
     the fat gristle kissing every pulsing vein.

     The pretty blond worked her plump lips up and down the cock
     spearing into her face, her tongue busily caressing the underside
     of the strangers fat glans.  She heard the groan above her and
     felt his hands grip her head hard.  The tube of gristle filling
     her mouth throbbed and began to spew gobs of thick yellow scum
     into her throat.  She struggled to pull the crudgel to her lips
     so she could suckle at the spewing tip and savor the strong
     flavor of the faceless man's seed.  She whimpered as he jerked
     his spent cock from her suctioning lips, and his fat balls fell
     away from her chin.  She groaned with delight as two hairless
     thighs took his place.  Rachel glanced upward and saw a face
     younger than her own, the teenage boy towered over her, his face
     a mask of contempt and lust.  In an instance the boy had stuffed
     his hairless cock into the young girl's willing mouth, his
     hairless balls rubbing against the tender skin of her cleft chin.




     Chapter 38

     Rachel's mouth ran like a drain to some great foul sewer as cock
     after cock spewed its load of hot liquid lust into her suctioning
     orifice.  Her pretty lips were swollen with lust, her cheeks
     smeared with strings of congealing scum as cock after cock fucked
     her eager mouth.  Some dripped with the scrannelous liquor of her
     abused cunt, which drooled a mixture of her own uncontrolled
     secretions and the rancid seed of the group of racial mongrels
     degraded her and used her to sate their own lusts.  The sight of
     the attractive American teen on her knees taking every colored
     cock offered to her with relished enthusiasm was enough to bring
     each drained cock to new life.  Eager to use her just once more.
     The girl's blue eyes never saw the winces her voracious sucking
     brought to the face of the owner of each cock as she attempted to
     sucked the slimy thick dregs from the bottom of each set of
     churning balls.

     Her swollen raw and abused pussy provided ever more friction to
     each new cock as if to offset the overabundance of lubrication
     that leaked from the ravaged opening after each temporary tenant
     vacated the wet welcome domicile.  Her pale ass was marked with
     the prints of more than one palm when the movements of her hips
     failed to exhibit enough enthusiasm for the current tenant
     occupying her cunt.  Her lean back arched gracefully from the
     ample hips that had grown along with her breasts, in preparation
     for the bastard embryo that had been expelled by her body like so
     much human refuse, to make room for her first master...a stiff
     hard cock!!

     Rachel felt her young body once again awash on a tide of
     endorphins.  Her hands, mouth, and cunt mere appendages to be
     used to acquire for her, her needed fix.  The delivery was not by
     some cold sterile device, no, her syringe was hard, true, but of
     hard flesh, hard male flesh.  Like syringes they plunged
     repeatedly into her body, mouth and cunt over and over again
     until they released their rich liquid load, bringing her to
     climax time and time again.  Leaving her a quivering groveling
     mindless cull.  Grunting and shuddering out one vile, low climax
     after another.  No one, too low or base to grant her
     satisfaction, never one to raise a flicker of guilt or self
     reproach.  They only served to make her grovel lower, farther, in
     search for the next.

     "Basta!!, Enough!!"  an impatient voice of authority boomed out.
     Every eye turned to the gray haired cook standing at the corner
     of the blanket on which the young white missionary girl knelt,
     studiously sucking at a fresh cock sprouting from the loins of a
     boy younger than her 18 years.

     The fat cook strode through the crowd of men unfastening his
     trousers, his portly form pushed the young man eagerly fucking
     the girl's proffered cunt aside with a sweep of his arm.

     "The puta has three guarida, it is time to make use of them
     all!!"  With this preamble he scooped up two fingers of the slime
     hanging like a line of drool beneath her swollen labia, and
     plunged the lubricated fingers between the brazenly spread cheeks
     of her ass.  His stubby brown fingers bulled through the token
     resistance of her stretched sphincter.  The sudden invasion
     brought a grunt from the young girl's cock stuffed mouth, as her
     swollen weighted clit exploded once again, sending renewed sparks
     through her lust sated nerves.  Her unbridled ass began to hump
     back against the fat cook's twisting fingers as he sought to
     stretch the opening to the evenings last virginal orifice.

     The fat cook wrenched his wet fingers from her ass and
     immediately, stuffed the fat brown stump of his cock into opening
     before the girl's stretched rubbery flesh had a chance to
     retract.  His brown hands splayed the firm pale flesh of the
     young girl's red streaked ass cheeks.  A muffled groan rumbled in
     her chest as his thick cock stretched her flesh to the tearing
     point.  The young indian boy whose thin cock filled her throat
     filled each fist with her fine blond hair and rode her face as
     she bucked and thrashed in protest to the brutal invasion of her
     anus.  He laughed and felt his cock surge as he watched the fine
     muscles of her arched back flex and ripple beneath the marred
     pale skin as she fought the twin invasion.  The young slut choked
     and gagged her way through yet one more orgasm as the chain
     hanging from her clit swung like a bell clapper between her
     muscular splayed thighs, each jerk sending sparks of pleasure
     coursing though her corrupt soulless nerves.  The stretching and
     tearing sensations mixed with the foul pleasure spurting from her
     demonic clit like some black venom, pushing her ever downward to
     lower levels of base pleasure.

     Grunting with effort, the cook leaned his sweating gut over the
     pale form of the girl grasping her beneath the arms.

     "Stupido!, Help me turn her over!!"  he grunted as he lifted her
     up, her mouth leaving the boy's cock with a loud pop as her
     suctioning mouth broke free...

     "U-h-h-h-h-h, o-h-h-h-h-h-h!!"  the young girl whined as brown
      hands lifted her, the cook's fat cock still embedded in her
      inhumanly stretched anus.  The cook flopped his bulk down on the
      blanket in the girl's place, his back against a camp bedroll,
      with Rachel sitting hard upon his pelvis, the fat stump of his
      greasy brown cock imbedded like some boring parasite into the
      tender flesh of her bowels.

     "O-h-h-h, m-m-y, the young girl murmured as she sat on the thick
     cock.  The pudgy hands of the cook circled her chest to grab
     handfuls of her fat tits and pulled her backward to lay splayed
     against his chest.  The tinkling of the bells hanging heavily
     from her nipples accompanied their movements.

     She lay sprawled across the large bulk of the cook, her fat
     breasts weighted with milk separated heavily on her chest, capped
     by the obscenely swollen and pierced minarets of her nipples.
     They glistened reddly in the dim light, standing brazen and
     defiant they rose like two elongated rasberries, blood engorged,
     from the pebbly surface of her large dark puckered aureoles.
     Each fat globe rose proudly from her supine chest against the
     heavy liquid load contained in its swollen ducts.  The taunt
     alabaster skin was stretched across the pulsing blue veins that
     mapped their surface, radiating from her dark aureoles like the
     blue static from a Van de Graf generator in some demented science
     demonstration.  The curved and looping veins seemed rooted deeply
     in their fleshy mass holding their shape like tree roots in a
     loose mass of soil.  Remove them and the glorious rising masses
     of firm female flesh would collapse into obscene puddles of
     flaccid fat.  They seemed alive, beings all their own, inciting
     lust in the men, lust and hatred.  Reminders to the men of how
     little control they possessed.

     The swollen lips of her labia, gaped obscenely, the heavy rings
     piercing the thick swollen flesh glistened yellowly in contrast
     to the livid ruby red flesh of her inner cunt that shone wetly.
     The sparse yellow hair fringing her lips hung with congealing
     gobs of spent seed, the wriggling sperm of the faceless men
     sqirming and flagellating in search of her unreachable ovum.

     The girl looked past her wobbling tits at the sea of leering
     brown faces.

     "C-c-c-ome on, what are you waiting for?  Fuck me.  Isn't that
     what I am her for?  I-I-I want more, fill me up...."  She spread
     her sleek white thighs in a gesture of welcome, an act that
     spurred the sea of brown faces to decended upon her.  The first
     of many stiff male prongs plunging into her upturned pierced cunt
     to wedge tightly along side the cook's thick cock stuffing her
     anus.  Hairy belly after hairy belly rubbed against the erect
     pierced spire of her swollen clit sending her on one liquid ride
     after another.

     Rough hands caught her ankles to crank her slim muscular legs up
     and out, eager bystanders grabbing them as first one then
     another, and another, huffed and grunted as they labored between
     her soft splayed thighs for foul debased relief.  The onlookers
     grinned and laughed as her huge engorged tits swayed and sloshed
     across her chest with the impact of male pelvis against upturned
     female thighs.  Fists filled with blond hair steered her ovaled
     mouth onto one after another stiff erect cocks.  The young men
     laughed and punched each other as they watched her shudder, her
     cock stuffed mouth moaning as each new climax brought color to
     the rising mounds of her swollen tits.  Merciless fingers hooked
     the thick rings imbedded in the rich red flesh of her nipples and
     pulled upward, lifting the heavy sacks of her breasts upward
     until the immense weight of each hung suspended.  The thick ring
     stretched and distorted the piercing threatening to tear through
     the resilient rubbery flesh of her thick nipples.  With a laugh
     her torturers released the rings and watched the elongated sacks
     of heavy breast flesh rebound to wobble and jiggle across her
     chest, their bells tinkling merrily.

     Rachel's body was wracked by yet another polluted orgasm as her
     wide blue eyes watched the degrading abuse of her own flesh.  Her
     eyes welled with tears, overflowed and her pale freckled cheeks
     glistened with the tracks of tears as she watched.  Not with
     horror but perverted joy.  Her heart filled with gratitude, her
     eyes sprang with tears of joy, at the prospect of yet another
     climax, no matter the source.

     "Yes, use me, hurt my flesh, I am your whore, punish me..."  she
     thought.  She would have screamed the admission had not her
     smooth cum streaked cheeks been distorted by the black cock that
     filled her mouth.

     The waiting crowd of me grew closer, those too impatient to wait
     grabbed pawed and squeezed at her breasts as they stroked their
     waiting cocks as if polishing treasured septers.  A brazen few
     ignored the streamer of errant cum that streaked her torso to
     capture a turgid teat and suckle at them, their tongues playing
     at the rings and bells affixed to the hard blood engorged flesh.
     These were rewarded by gouts of rich mother's milk until another
     wishing a taste of the same pushed them aside.  Fighting for a
     taste like pups at their mother's teats.

     The young girl sucked and fucked at the ceaselessly erect cocks
     of the near twenty men.  Her mind a numb sump of debauched
     pleasure.  She mumbled to herself as one cock after another was
     fed to her ovaled welcome lips.  The thick finger of her clit
     emitted a mind numbing buzz, sickening in it's intensity, causing
     her bottom to convulse and her guts to cramp with an intensity
     that brought her to her knees.  So she groveled, easier still,
     like some large pale grub, between the hard muscular legs of the
     brown hairy men.  She moaned with emptiness as hard hands lifted
     her and lowered her on yet another stiff prong to fill her anus,
     like some maniacal tool, punishing and boring its way into her
     guts.  She let them guide her, use her.  Her slender pink tongue
     explored the rank depths of muscular spread ass cheeks, immune to
     their laughter.  She swallowed and gargled the hot yellow stream
     of their piss as they heaped on her degradation upon degradation.

     Finally as the fountain of sperm began to pump empty.  Her mind
     began to panic.  The reality of the night began to emerge from
     behind the comforting fog of lust and the truth threatened to
     unhinge the lost girl's reason.  Her clear blue eyes welled now
     with tears of humiliation and despair as they fought to focused
     on the dark visage of the sergeant as he stood nude over her.
     The space between her splayed legs empty as the soldiers lounged
     around, their lust sated.  Her once innocent eyes brimmed and
     streams of tears cut rivulets through the congealing sperm that
     streaked her smooth cheeks.

     The Sergeant held in his hand a belt of leather.  Her lust
     drugged mind flew like a caged bird from corner to corner in
     search of memories, deja vu.  His pitiless face leered down at
     her, even as his sperm was mixed within the congealed mass that
     leaked from her distended swollen labia, and mixed within the
     warm writhing mass of sperm that puddled in her stomach like a
     warm vanilla shake.  With a nod the forgotten man beneath her
     snaked his arms under her armpits and his feet around her ankles
     anchoring her christlike across his body.  She felt the lance of
     his cock throb and expand as it lie buried in her rectum.

     "La puta."  Is all the Sergeant said.  He watched the panicked
     girl the muscles of her arms and legs taunt, panic driven as she
     struggled to get free.  Tearful blue eyes met pitiless brown and
     her struggles ceased.  The mouth beneath the greasy thin mustache
     slowly split revealing crooked brown teeth.

     The girl's matted blond head gave a bare discernible nod, and her
     mind gave out a mournful wail.

     "Oh-h-h-h-h, p-u-hleeze..."  as her thighs and arms fluttered,
     not sure whether to resist or welcome the coming torment.

     The grinning Bolivian sergeant lashed the thin leather belt down
     across the swollen mounds of her breasts.  "La Puta bonita," he
     droned like a mantra as he flailed at the fat leaking mounds of
     the young girl's breasts.  The thin belt cut like a razor across
     the proud spires of her erect nipples.

     The teenage missionary groaned and shuddered as another vile
     climax lanced through her.  Her pale breasts becoming livid with
     criss crossed red welts where the belt had kissed her flesh.
     Each new welt brought a new wave of searing burning pain the
     stoked the seething flames within her demonic clit.

     Her blond head flailed matted tresses from side to side, her
      mouth slackly agape, gurgling choking sounds gargled from her
      throat as each new orgasm wracked her frame.  Blood began to run
      down into her cleavage and pool at her neck and navel as the
      Sergeant continued to flail at the obscenely flayed mounds of
      her breasts.

     Silently the men of the platoon watched their Sergeant beat the
     girl.  They watched as she dissolved into one orgasm after
     another.  Her glazed eyes and slack drooling mouth were a wonder
     to them.

     The sweating Sergeant paused, an the moaning girl raised her
     matted head to look between the mortified mounds of her heaving
     breasts.  Her pink tongue peeked out to lick at the heavy ring
     hanging from her septum.  Imperceptibly, she parted her thighs,
     her hips rising slightly.  A groan leaked from her cum crusted
     lips as the forgotten cock buried in her rectum thrust upward
     intent on retaining it's warm nest.

     The Sergeant saw the thick red spire, projecting obscenely from
     between the fat lips of the young American's cunt like a minature
     cock.  The thick red projection hung, glistening reddly above the
     thick ring piercing it's base.

     The Sergeant brought the thin belt down to flick at the target
     offered by the demented girl.  The thin wet leather kissed the
     turgid rod of nerves and the girl arched as if suddenly
     electrified.

     A thin piercing scream rose to dissolve in a choked gurgle as her
     body was wracked by another low climax.  Even the watching men
     blanched that the girl could find vile pleasure in such mean
     degradation.

     His energy renewed, the soldier flailed at the glistening red
     target of the girl's cunt.  The girl thrashed and bucked as blow
     after blow marked her inner thighs and lower stomach.  Her grunts
     and mindless giggles mezmerized the watching men, as the young
     attractive girl wallowed in her own private hell.  Moaning
     through one orgasm after another as the Sergeant flogged her.

     Rachel floated above looking down upon the wretched vessel of
     flesh that lay sprawed across the leering indian.  A rigid brown
     cock lewdly stuffing her stretched and leaking anus.  She watched
     the pitiless soldier flailing at the young girl's splayed cut.
     She nodded in satisfaction as the wet leather landed blow after
     blow on the livid flesh of the wretched girl's cunt.  She nodded
     in approval as her eyes took in the proud heavy breasts wobbling
     across the young girl's chest.  The fleshy mounds marked with
     weeping welts, their nipples swollen, distended and beaded with
     drops of milk.

     "Yes, the vile slut deserves this and more", she thought.  "Here
     is the lowest whore in all creation.  She could have been so much
     more, but she chose not to control the demon between her legs.
     She who sows the wind, reaps the world wind."

     Another orgasm cramped her cock stuffed guts as the thin leather
     kissed the tip of her throbbing clit.  Her mind returned for an
     instance and she remembered who and where she was, the proud,
     blond american, the aspiring attorney, her daddy's little
     princess.  The thoughts dissolved into a string of shreiking
     babbling laughter.

     The Sergeant had had enough, his arm numb, face dripping with
     sweat.  Under his direction and with firm quick orders, two men,
     one the young indian that was first to use her, bind her bleeding
     breasts tightly around the base of each with thin hemp.

     The men lust sated, watched in the dim light as the young anglo
     princess's breasts grew into impossibly large mounds of blood and
     milk engorge flesh.  Each man drifted to sleep with the moans of
     the young north American beauty filling his ears and fueling the
     fantasies of his night.




Chapter 39

In the darkness of the night, one faceless brown man after
another tossed and turned.  The vision of the girl wallowing in
pain, raking the muck and filth of degradation and finding
pleasure, rekindled lust in the men old and young alike.  A
perverse melding of sexual and religious imagery wriggled and
squirmed in their minds like maggots feeding on the rotten
carrion of ridiculous religious myths.  Had they seen the true
Madonna, in the flesh, suffering mortification at their hands for
their salvation?  Repressed sexual guilt fueled notion after
notion, like the image of the Madonna in a tortilla, or reflected
in a dirty window.  The girl was the Madonna in the flesh,
returned to show them the perils of indulging in desires of the
flesh.  No!  What had the Padre said, she was here to rid them of
their sins born of guilty lust.  He knew that within the girl
resided the spirit of the true Madonna ready to inspire and take
upon herself all their vile putrescent lust!

Their simple minds could not grasp that the girl was just a
wretched slut, fallen and falling in her own polluted search for
fulfillment.

Quietly brown men, crawled to the moaning form of the girl.  She
lay sprawled on her side and raised her leg to give access to
each so that he could bath his throbbing cock in the warm depths
of her swollen ring lined cunt.  Slowly they stoked their tubes
of hard flesh in and out until they fountained a wet white
offering for the girl.

As she lay, others brought offerings to her swollen lips, nudging
them gently in supplication.  She met each brown snout with a
lingering kiss before welcoming them to the hot embrace of her
clinging mouth.  She lay contentedly suckling on each offered
prong, forgetting the scorching pain in her cunt and breasts as
the warm succor of sexual arousal once again began to course
through her.  Her delicate nostrils flared at the mixture of
sweat and musk that coated each new cock.  She thrilled to the
feel of their pubes against her cheeks as she lapped and sucked
at their filthy balls, marveling at the machinery that fueled her
mad passion.  The throbbing of her breasts all but forgotten as
she pushed them against the hairy legs that lay before her as she
stretched her slender neck as she rooted her nose beneath one set
of hairy balls after another.  Her mouth and nostrils filled with
the heady taste of maleness.

So went the night.  More cocks to stuff her eager squirming
bottom, still others to stretch the screaming tissues of her raw
anus and others to fill her hungry sucking mouth.  Slow
unhurried, she could savor their offerings, thick and sweet, thin
and acrid, some seed she relished rolling it on her eager pink
tongue, other vile and rancid, heaved her stomach as she gulped
it down with sick smacking sounds.  Her long liquid ride
continued into the night as she was tossed and carried along on
the endless wonderful procession of fountaining and spurting
cocks!

Rachel heard the shuffle and clink of equipage and the hushed
excited murmurs of men.  The returning patrol had arrived and
others left to take their place.

The pretty young American sensed the newcomers excitement and it
fueled her own.  Soon a forest of fresh cocks replaced the slimy
spent ones that had been her vile succor.

Wordlessly the attractive young girl rolled to her hip and with a
small hand pried one cheek of her ample ass upward to reveal the
twin eyes of her cunt and ass open, red and wet.  Two of the men
quickly lay beside the panting girl, thrusting their cocks into
the twin sperm slick holes she so eagerly offered to them.  A
third knelt by the girls head and cupping his brown hanging balls
with a small white hand drew his pulsing cock to her pursed lips.
Soon the soldiers were pumping in unison, the four bodies melded
into a precision machine, their steel hard rods pistoning in and
out of the young girl's holes, her swollen, wet flesh, clinging
to the reciprocating rods like hydraulic seals, her vile
secretions like obscene fluids lubricating the lust driven
machine.

The slickened rods pumping in and out of her gaping channels
shone like polished steel in the lamplight.  Their foreskins
rolling back and forth as if they were being peeled by the
clasping wordless lips of her eager holes.  Her ravage cervix was
numb as cock after cock drubbed a tatoo against the swollen
stump, as if pleading for admittance through the guarded entrance
to her womb.  The entrance that just a day ago had vomited out
the bastard product of unkown mongrel sperm.

Even now her violated womb was awash with the maggot like gametes
writhing and squirming in a black effort to complete her
pollution.  The thick seed of untold brown little men clogged and
clotted her orifices.  Her flat stomach heaved and churned as her
digestive juices struggled to keep up with the steady stream of
thick liquid protein that pooled in her belly like a rich white
pudding that she sucked from their thick straws of flesh.

Rachel stretched languorously, wincing as she raised her arms,
her movements pulling the scarred flesh of her swollen bound
breasts.  She moaned around the cock buried in her throat as
hands roamed her abused body, arousing numbed nerve endings as
they once again began to send signals to her preoccupied brain.

All that mattered were the the delightful pulsing cocks that
stuffed her.  The wonderful feelings of stretching, boring and
pummeling that the male rods brought to her once again filled her
senses.

She stretched and squirmed between the men like a bathing beauty,
not the obscenely abused sperm soaked wretch she truly was.  The
men cared not, they lusted for her hot clinging flesh and the
relief it gave them.  The fat swollen mounds of her whipped bound
breasts rolled and wobbled on her small chest, as they pulled and
twisted her distended nipples in disbelief at the fat swollen
orbs.  The crusted welts began to weep anew as the pale mortified
flesh parted under the twin affects of harsh new hands, and the
swelling caused by the tight hemp wrapped around the base of each
huge breast, trapping the product of swollen milk ducts and
enlarged veins that tunneled through the turgid flesh.

On and on through the night she rocked and floated on the ocean
of perverted lust, rocked and nurtured on the tide of sinful
pleasure that carried her on her way.

In the early morning she was alone.  Her delicate nostrils flared
at the heavy stench of sex that permiated the barracks.  She
moved slightly as she felt a familiar probing between the slimy
rings at the mouth of her swollen labia.  She shifted her thigh
in welcome, expecting the blunt nose of another brown cock.
Instead she felt the wet caresses of a small tongue.  He eyes
flitted open to see the soft muzzles of the pups rooting along
her fat swollen breasts.  Her small hands lifted her painfully
swollen teats and offered them to the eager pups.  They continued
to sniff at the swollen welted flesh.  The attractive girl sobbed
in frustration, eager to relieve the throbbing pressure in the
swollen balloons of flesh.  The discolored bladders were heavy
with the trapped milk of her swollen ducts and pooled blood from
the tight hemp binding the base of each distended gland.  The
pale flesh had turned a dark blue highlighted by the raised
tracks of her swollen veins and the red weeping marks left by the
Sergeant'b belt.

Grasping each of her inch long, finger thick swollen nipples she
squeezed the tortured flesh between thumb and forefinger in self
abasement, pulling and tugging on the hard swollen flesh, milking
her own fat breasts for the dogs.  Soon rich white drops of milk
began to bead, then spray, from each long pierced nipple.  The
young girl offered the dripping teats to the eager mouths of the
hungry pups which they ravenously began to suckle.  Rachel's
chest heaved with delight andher grotesque pierced clit exploded
in a squalorous climax as she felt the sharp teeth of the little
beasts nip and cut at her turgid flesh.

"A-a-a-a-h-h-h-h-h, y-e-s-s-s-s!"  she sighed as the burning rush
of her falling milk was like a balm to the abuse flesh of her
engorge and throbbing tits.

The attractive girl moaned as the two pups feasted at her fat
udders and the other busied himself lapping at the congealing
stream of vile cum that leaked from between the swollen livid
lips of her cunt and mixed with that running from her raw
stretched anus to drip snot like beneath her abused bottom.

The former law student gazed at half lidded eyes as the pups
feasted at her abused flesh.  Now and then she winced and sighed
as a sharp tooth pricked tender flesh, or a sharp claw scrapped
along an open welt.  Her eyes watched with sick facinatinated
hunger as the small red cocks of the pups peaked out from their
immature sheaths.  Just as the feasting pups had eaten their fill
the Sergeant burst into the room with a vengance.

"Madre di Dios, puta para perro!  You little dog whore!"  he
swore, as he kicked the nearest dog with a heavy boot, scattering
the yelping pups in all directions.

Hooking a brown finger in the ring in her nose he pulled the
young american girl to her knees, her swollen bound breasts,
hanging heavily from her narrow chest, woggled ponderously from
side to side.

"A puta para perro you want to be, eh?"  his garlic laced breath
hissed in her cum streaked face.  "I think we can make you happy,
no?"  he said with an ominous chuckle.

Glancing around the barracks at the waking soldiers, he yelled
orders to the four closest.  Rising rapidly the half dressed men
followed him and the naked anglo girl as he led her by the nose
to the dark end of the barracks nearest the door.  Rachel crawled
quickly behind the uniformed man, ignoring the pain in her bare
knees as they scuffed along the rough wooden floor, her curled
toes dragging behind her.  The men following enjoyed the obscene
view as her ample buttocks and hips pump and swayed atop the long
columns of her white thighs.  The heavy cross hanging suspended
by a chain from her pierced clit bounced between her thighs like
a bell clapper, strumming her swelling clit as it tugged and
pulled.  The little brown men chuckled between themselves as the
caught a glimpse of her raw red anus nestled between her proud
firm cheeks.  The ravage orifice leaked a thin stream of cum that
ran down to join the stream of ooze that threaded between the
rings lining the painfully swollen lips of her vagina.

Rachel's graceful back arched as she crawled like a ringed sow,
plodding barefoot and naked.  Her huge hanging breasts hung
beneath her, heavy, veined, swollen with fluid, swinging from
side to side as she crawled.  Her long pierced nipples grazing
the floor as she crawled.  She crawled like a mindless sow, her
brain dulled with lust.  Hands caked with dirt mixed with cum and
her own secretions fingered her bottom as she crawled, others
slapped her buttocks.  She groaned as others harshly squeezed her
heavy swaying breasts.

With a word the men gripped her arms harshly as they lifted her
to her feet.  The grinning faces filled with rotten teeth and
reeking of rancid breath laughed and sniggered as they followed
the Sergeant's orders.

Hard hands bound her long pale arms behind her, tying them
together near the pretty girl's elbows, and again at the wrists
forcing her narrow chest out, projecting her weighty breasts
upwards.  Booted feet kicked at her sensitive bare ankles until
her feet were shoulder width apart.  A length of wooden rod was
lashed just above her trim ankles to form a makeshift spreader
bar.  Rachel grunted wordlessly in pain as she was stooped
forward at the waist due to the un-natural and painful position
of her arms.

She stod helpless as the assembled men played with her multiple
piercings, pulling and twisting the rings in the fat red nipples
that capped her swollen bluish breasts.  The young boy she
recognized pulled and tugged at the cross hanging from her clit.
Rachel's face split in a tense sick smile, as he pulled and
tugged, and she finally shuddered with wonderful release gurgling
through a wretched and malodorous climax brought on by their
cumulative abuse and degradation.

A thin stream of drool seeped from the slack lips of the
attractive girl, to form a thin string to hang from her swollen
lips.  It dipped lower and lower until it fastened itself to the
inside swell of one of her immense abused breasts.  It lay there
gleaming in her cleavage.  Her sweat and cum caked hair hung in
thick strands around her face, clotting on her broad pale
shoulders.  She raised her glazed blue eyes and offered him an
embarassed look and offered as much of a smile as her numb lips
could manage.  They pulled back in a rictus like grimace, and she
whinnied and grunted as he pulled and twisted the thick chain
attached to her obscenely swollen clit, forcing her to hobble
towards her in a peverse waddle her breasts wobbling across her
chest as she struggled to relieve the tension.

The other men milked at her breasts laughing as the pups
scrambled for the white liquid that jetted from her swollen
breasts to settle in puddles on the dirty floor.  Dirty brown
fingers played with the slimy rings lining her cunt and probed
the raw open entrance to her anus.  Filthy fingers smeared
libinous ooze across her face and breasts as the indulged
themselves, forcing the bound girl to lick the rank secretions
from their wormy digits as they laughed at her.  The attractive
teen complied as they willed licking and sucking at the fingers
that pried open her lips to dab at the little pink snail of her
tongue.

As hands played over her degraded form, she missed the deliberate
fashion at least a few pair of hands worked.  Her tongue blindly
lapped at the fingers that fiddled with the thick ring piercing
her nasal septum.

"U-h-h-h-h, a-w-w-w-h!"  she yelped in protest as a taunt hemp
line pulled her head upwards as the ring was wrenched toward the
ceiling.  She staggered, her hobbled feet scuffing the floor to
regain her balance lest she fall and disfigure her pretty nose.

Her neck was cranked upward made all the more difficult her arms
bound behind her.  A groan excaped her swollen lips as she felt
each of her heavy breasts lifted high on her chest and deliberate
fingers working at the ring in her clit and understood the
meaning.  When the hands supporting the heavy bags of liquid
sodden flesh that were her breasts were removed she felt the
weight of the heavy orbs pull on the ring in her nose and clit.
A thin cord of hemp was connected to each and looped over the
twin rafters above her.  Her breasts were held aloft by the rings
that pierced the base of her impossibly thick nipples, the weight
kept her head held aloft and pulled mercilessly at the sensitive
finger of her clit.

A chorus of laughter greeted her pathetic shuffling as she
struggled against the unremitting tension.  Her heavy breasts
formed banana shaped melons as the rings pulled and stretched her
nipples upward> The rings elongated the piercings, appearing to
nearly tear throught the deceptively tough flesh of her nipples.

Her lividly red clit was pulled upward and lifted clear of her
swollen labia, the thick digit looking like a small penis.  She
shuffled and groaned as each movement her head or swaying of her
heavy pendulous breasts brought more torment.

The half naked men laughed and punched at each other as the girl
shuffled and scooted her bare hobbled feet along the dirty floor.
The attractive girl's shuffling increased but not in response to
the laughter.  Rachel, like a greedy rutting sow, was too busy
reaching toward a corrupt climax.  The bucked her head and
woggled her breasts causing the cord to pull and jerk on the ring
through the thick bundle or nerves between her sleek thighs.  Her
tongue hung from her defiled mouth as she licked obscenely at her
swollen lips with the effort of working toward her filthy climax.

The men saw and understood, hooting and laughing all the more.
some reached out to strum at the cords bringing grateful grunts
from the attractive cull that stood before them.

Rachel head back, cast her blue eyes sheepishly around her.  Her
labia dripped with her renewed excitement casting pearls of dew 
amid her shuffling feet. Her plump lips broke into a pathetic
smile as she continued her peverse dance to bring herself pleasure.




Chapter 40

The old Padre lowered the hand holding the letter.  "Two days" he
thought.  His hard cock swelled all the more within the mouth of
the naked indian girl that knelt between his thighs.  Maria
purred with satisfaction thinking it was in response to her
voracious sucking.

The young Bolivian girl took great delight in being summoned by
the old Priest.  The sheer evil of being used by this man of the
church delighted her.  It went against everything she had been
taught.  It was so...delicious.  With that thought she pushed her
pretty face down harder on the long black pole while one hand
busied itself with his large churning balls and the other pulled
and pinched at the swollen nub of her clitoris that hung like a
miniature tongue amid the damp tangle of black pubic hair.

The fat old Padre smiled as he thought about the letter and the
village's new arrival.  Sandra Falwell, daughter of Steve Falwell
and younger sister to Rachel, was to arrive in two days.  He
chuckled to himself as he gazed down at the the dark haired slut
laboring over his throbbing cock.  "The young girl up and runs
off to join her father and sister on their great adventure....how
quaint," he thought.

His cock throbbed and in the hot wet cavity of the girl's mouth.
"Enough.  Up here."  he said motioning for her to mount him.  The
old Padre reveled in the new power he wielded.  A power that the
young wretch Rachel had released in him, and the old japanese
Hatori had honed like a razor.

With an eager moan, the naked young mestizo girl bounded to her
feet and mounted the fat man's thighs.  She slid her lithe form
up his belly reaching between her splayed thighs for his swollen
rod of flesh.  With practiced ease, she wrapped her small fingers
around the saliva wet staff rooting it's blunt wet snout up and
down between her hairy lust swollen labia to slot the blunt head
in the throat of her cunt.

"M-m-m-m-h, A-a-a-a-a-h!"  she moaned as she forced herself back
onto the thick post and felt it stretch the clinging flesh of her
dripping cunt.  She wiggled her ample bottom down the long black
rod, luxuriating in the feel of it's throbbing veins against her
fat labia as they swabbed down it's length.

She raised her arms to rest them on the black Priest's shoulders
leaning her breasts into his face.  He mumbled with satisfaction
as he licked and sucked at the inner curves of the girl's brown
cleavage, ignoring the welts that marked the smooth brown skin.

His own hands found the soft fleshy swells of the indian girl's
hips and guided her as she began her rhythmic rise and fall along
the shaft of his cock, accompanied by the tinkle of the bells
suspended from her fat brown nipples.

"U-n-n-n-ngh."  he grunted, the clinging tightness of the girl's
cunt too much for him, as his cock spasmed and began to spew
thick cloying sperm against the battered walls of her womb.  His
mind spun to images of Rachel, pale skinned, her large naked
breasts wobbling in his face as he used her as he used the young
indian girl now.  His spurting cock throbbed at the thought of
another young anglo girl arriving to be in his safekeeping.


The men watched Rachel as she struggle obscenely to give herself
yet another orgasm.  Her heavy breasts swayed and jiggled, from
her grossly stretched nipples, their impossible weight hanging
from the two rings imbedded in the thick elongations of flesh.  A
string of drool swayed dripped and swayed from her chin as her
mouth gaped open her pink tongue lolling.  The tension from the
tug of war between her nose and her massive fluid swollen breasts
pulled on the ring piercing her nasal septum and pulling her
pretty head upward.  She squatted and hopped causing the heavy
weight of her own breasts to pull and jerk at her thick pierced
clit suspended at the end of the brass chain.  Hopping, squatting,
grunting she was a perverse spectacle, a mindless animal,
searching for one thing, the rush of endorphin only the next
climax could bring.  A wet gurgle signaled yet another reeking
climax, as she shuddered and moaned as the wave of filth consumed
her, saturating her being.  As soon as it passed she began the
obscene dance again, her filthy bare feet scrabbling across the
dirty floor.

Finally one of the men had had enough and walked behind the
writhing girl.  Dropping his pants he fisted his rampaging cock
and mounted the girl from behind.

"M-m-m-m-m-h, N-o-o-o-o!"  the wretched slut moaned in
frustration as the young man clutched her fleshy hips halting her
gyrations as he drove his veined cock into the wet pit of her
cunt.

"O-h-h-h-, Y-e-e-s-s!"  Rachel gurgled as the man's pounding hips
renewed the tugging and jerking that gave her so much pleasure.

Rachel's mind spiraled in animal lust.  The pain in her horribly
stretched nipples and nose formed a warm glowing cloak that
dampened and smothered her her being.  Only the sharp cutting
sensations from her abused clit cut through the fog and
electrified her sated nerves.  Her lust drunk brain swirled amid
the vile sensations, her brief sentient thoughts, sent her
spiraling into a another vile climax, as she saw and understood
what she had become and where she was.  The filthy realization,
appalled another, but the disgust and self loathing only thrilled
the rank depraved part of her that ruled her now, and spurred her
to seek lower obscenities.

She felt the punishing cock thrusting against the abused knob of
her swollen cervix swell and gush wetly, and she groaned in
satisfaction.  Her stretched wet labia bristled at the cold air
as the spent cock withdrew only to be replaced by another brown
vein wrapped shaft.  On and on it went as her womb was assaulted
by a deluge of writhing brown seed.  Her ripe ovum carrying the
secrets of her blue eyes, flax like yellow hair and pale
alabaster skin, were engulfed by a horde of wriggling
spermatozoa, like Attila's horde, spawn of the dark short
ignorant men that sweated and rutted between her bruised white
buttocks.


Steve Falwell grunted in the dark as the tightness enveloped him.
He gritted his teeth at the exquisite pain as the tight brown
sphincter of the girl's as threatened to peel the skin from his
rigid cock.  He his mind reeled at the vileness of this forbidden
act the young slut seemed to enjoy so much.  The young indian
girl had begun to teach the teacher.  She had led him down paths
of carnal pleasure he had never dreamt of.  The libido he had
unleashed in her was unfettered by the years of pious nonsense
that bound his in leaden chains.  Her joyful innocence in the
pleasure he gave her and she him had broken through his most
earnest reservations and doubts.  Yes he knew he would be
tormented by guilt and remorse.  But all his lust driven mind
could comprehend at this moment was the incredible squeezing heat
of the the young girl's anus and the luscious sight of her smooth
brown buttocks rising and falling, swallowing engorged shaft of
his white cock.  He watched with glazed eyes as the brown ring
engulfed his cock sliding down the thick shaft till the soft
brown cushions of her sweating ass rested on his thighs.  He
watched the smooth brown skin of her back ripple as her muscles
pulled her up.  Beads of sweat ran down the hollow of her spine
as her back arched.  She leaned toward his feet, the wordless
puckered mouth of her anus nibbling along his cock, the flesh of
the tight ring pulling outward as if reluctant to relinquish even
one inch of his swollen shaft.  His hands spread the cheeks of
her ass to reveal the deep brown flesh that nestled between.  She
moaned at the touch of his fingers as he explored her.  His
nostrils flared at the rich musk of the young girl's cunt mixed
with the earthy smell of her ass as she rode upward stopping just
below the knob of his cock.  She forced a grunt from him as she
constricted her muscles with a giggle, threatening to strangle
the stalk of his cock.  With a deep groan she masochistically
thrust down impaling herself on his white prong, driving his
lance into the hot steamy depths of her bowels stirring her guts.



"Attentione!  Report to the parade ground in three minutes with
full combat gear.  Rapido!  Rapido!  The the morning patrol has
been ambushed by banditos!"  the Sergeant yelled as he burst into
the barracks.  He glanced at the spectacle of the young American
girl being mounted by one of the sweating young indian troopers.

"Enough!  The puta will still be here for your pleasure, I think,
after you have earned your pay!"  he grunted toward the half clad
men waiting their turn at the girl's dripping cunt.

Reluctantly the men turned and rushed to don their tunics and
combat webbing.  The lone young man huffing and grunting between
the attractive young girl's splayed white cheeks grunted and
shuddered as he pump long streams of thick sperm into her already
clogged cunt.  He pulled his rapidly deflating cock out of the
girl's swollen clasping flesh.  A mixed gob of congealing sperm
fell wetly to the floor between the pretty girl's dirty bare
feet.  Rachel groaned helplessly in frustration as her empty quim
cramped and throbbed trying to caress the phantom cock that her
sated nerves could still feel stuffing her bottom.  With a low
moan she began her dance of perversion pulling and tugging at the
hemp strands that distorted her flesh.

The Sergeant called the fat cook to him.

"You are to watch after the young American puta until we return.
The Padre should return for her soon."  With that he turned to
the group of men assembling in the cleared area of the camp.  The
Lieutenant had taken his place at the head of milling group.

"Okay, single file, stay alert.  We must assist our comrades.  We
go!"  With that the Lieutenant led the file of young troopers as
they began to wind the way into the thick jungle growth in the
direction of the mountains.  The clink and chink of the men and
their equipment could be heard long after the thick growth had
swallowed them up.


The fat cook waddled into the dark interior of the barracks to
where the young girl shuffled and jerked in her mindless pursuit
of her own vile degradation.  The fat man stood watching the
white form of the girl as she writhed and twisted pulling and
tugging at the cords fixed to the rings imbedded in her tortured
flesh.  His greasy face split in a grin as he remembered last
night and the feel of her clasping flesh around his fat stubby
cock.  The stalk of flesh began to swell beneath the dirty apron
he wore.  He waddled toward the girl, as she stood lost in her
own twisted world.  Without a word he clasped his hands front and
back of the girls dripping crotch burying his thick dirty fingers
into the sperm clogged pit of her cunt and the stretched mouth of
her rectum.

"A-h-h-h-h-h, gl-u-g-g-gh!"  the trapped girl groaned as his
fingers dug into her tender private flesh.

"You like?  You like your pozo filled, no?"  he hissed through
stained teeth only inches from the debauched face of the
beautiful girl.  The young woman only groaned, ignoring the
stench of garlic on the man's breath, as his fingers rooted and
scrapped amid the tender flesh of her scum choked holes.

"M-m-m-m-m-H, so caliente and wet."  he whispered as he bent
toward her ear.

With a quick thought he pulled his hands free and producing a
knife cut the hemp that bound the young American.

The taunt strands parted and Rachel's swollen breasts dropped to
spring up and down on her thin chest to hang heavily.  The mounds
of turgid flesh projected out obscenely, the tight wrappings of
hemp around their base biting deeply into the swollen flesh.  The
hemp was stained dark with sweat and cruelly constricted the
mounds, squeezing the once alabaster flesh into bluish mushrooms.
The heavy caps of her breasts shined, the flesh swollen and taunt
from the pooling milk and blood.  The reddish welts lost in the
tissues now darker hue.

She moaned standing, wobbly and unsteadily on suddenly tired
legs.  Her nipples and clit glistened wetly, their tortured
stretched flesh throbbing painfully.  She stood moaning as her
twisted brain sparked and jumped as it transmuted the pain to
pleasure.

"Come with me, puta."  the fat cook said hooking a finger in the
girl's nose ring.  Pulling her toward the nearby table.  He
pushed the unresisting young woman to her knees as he plopped his
bulk into a chair.

Rachel's mind was a confused fog of need, frustration, and self
loathing.  Her glassy glue eyes spied the brown stump of the fat
man's cock as her pulled it free of his soiled trousers.  With a
pitiful moan the young disfigured girl crawled between the man's
splayed thighs.  Her head shook in unavailing denial as her small
hand reached for the stiffing stump of the corpulent brown man's
cock.  Her eyes watched in detached horror as her hand brought
the dripping prong to her lips like a precious offering.  Her
serpentine tongue explored the delicious circumference of the
throbbing pole, as her practiced hands retracted the wealth of
foreskin that covered the swelling head.  The pink little worm of
her faithless tongue snaked out to lap at the pestilent head of
the wretched cock.  An involuntary groan bubbled from her lips as
her tongue lapped up the smegma that coated the glossy head, the
sebaceous secretions burning across her tongue like quicksilver,
stoking her banked lust, into flickering flame.  Her lips parted
and engulfed the plumb like head in a wet suctioning embrace, as
her small hands rooted within his soiled pants to free the hairy
sack of his scrotum.  Her practiced hands rolled the freed orbs
of his sperm swollen balls like Captain Queeg, caressing the firm
orbs within the wrinkly sacks of flesh.

The cook watched, his eyes bulging from his fat sweating face, as
the young American girl caressed and sucked his loathsome member
with enraptured intensity.  His tongue licked at slack lips as
his mind reeled at the sensations and sights that assailed it.
The dark squat woman in the doorway watched with growing outrage
and disgust as the young girl rooted and grunted between the fat
man's hairy thighs.  The groans and wet smacking sounds coming
from the girl's mouth drown out the woman's footsteps.  The fat
cook groaned as the fat stump of his cock fountained in the
girl's voraciously sucking mouth.  Rachel's lips sealed
themselves around the spewing head, her lips hollowing as she
sucked the thick streamers of sperm into her mouth, gulping them
into her gullet.

The woman's sandaled foot caught Rachel's kneeling form full in
the crotch between her splayed cheeks, sending her sprawling to
her side.  The cook's rampant cock continued to spew streamers of
thick seed into the air, raining down upon the supine form of the
girl.  Thick clots of sperm splattered the abused form of the
girl as the fat man's own hand replaced the girl's as he
continued to pump his spurting cock determined to drain the last
dregs from his orgasm.

His ears were deaf to the rants of his wife as she continued to
kick the defaced young woman.  His eyes only saw the thick white
arcs of his seed as it pumped from his cock to land wetly across
the quivering gelatinous mounds of the young woman's scarred and
bound breasts.  The clots of sperm liquefied to run like a
soothing balm across the tortured flesh of the girl's vein mapped
mammaries.  The grossly swollen spires of her cum varnished
nipples glittered like the brass rings embedded in the tender
flesh, catching the lamplight, as his enraged wife kicked the
young whore, causing the engorged mounds of her breasts to
vacillate across her chest.

Rachel's mind was a confused mass of jangling nerves as a hard
climax rippled through her as the gut wrenching pain from the
kick to her crotch cramped her stomach.  The pain from the
woman's repeated kicks to her firm thighs and buttocks added to
the flame like tendrils of pleasure that singed and threatened to
consume the tattered remnants of her sanity.

"I'll kill you, you bitch!!"  the cook's enraged wife screamed.

"No, Selma, you must not hurt her!  he blurted, thinking of the
Colonel and their own safety if his toy were to die.  She is puta
del Diablo, she bewitched me."  he said springing to his feet,
cock dangling wetly, to pull his wife away from the unresisting
form of the girl.

"Puta del Diablo?"  she repeated, her anger draining from her
 squat frame as she looked at him with questioning eyes.

"Si, the Colonel, ordered me to look after her until his return.
She bewitched me and performed...well you saw for yourself.  I
was helpless in her spell."  he lied.

"We must be rid of this demon puta."  she said the red leaving
her fat cheeks as she looked at the young naked teen moaning on
the floor at her feet.  "How can we keep her and protect
ourselves?"  she said aloud turning her head to face him wiggling
the long braid of hair that hung down her back.  "I know."  she
said flatly.  "If she must bewitch something, she can bewitch the
curs."  she said with sadistic satisfaction.  "We can put her in
the pen near the kitchen with the dogs."




     Chap 41

     The burst of 7.62mm rounds stitched across the chest of the young
     Lieutenant, three of the rounds passing through him in an
     explosion of crimson to embed themselves in the head of the young
     trooper walking behind him.  The crack of the rounds broke the
     early morning silence.  The Lieutenant unwisely walking point,
     slumped to the ground dead, never knowing he had led the platoon
     into a well laid "X" ambush.  The veteran sergeant walking drag,
     heard the signal shots that killed the Lieutenant, then was
     hammered to the ground by converging bursts from right and left.
     As he fell a round hit the back of his head, the shock wave
     through his liquefied brain matter exploding his eyes from their
     sockets.

     It was over in minutes, as leaderless, the young troopers huddled
     in clumps like sheep as the bandit's automatic weapons fire raked
     up and down the trail riddling the unresisting recruits.

     The in moments silence returned to the jungle.  Only the swish of
     the bandits moving through the brush broke the silence.  Soon
     the rustling of clothing and the clink of equipment could be
     heard as the dead were stripped of anything useful.  Silently the
     leader signaled his men and they returned to the jungle as
     wraithlike as they had come.

     The clotting blood that pooled on the trail soon attracted the
     creatures that lived on carrion.  The droning buzz of the blue
     flies intensified in the rising heat as they began to feast on
     the ruptured wet flesh of the corpses lining the trail.  The eyes
     of the young Lieutenant stared sightlessly at the rising sun.  It
     would be months before their remains were found.


     The ferrocar chugged persistently along the tracks.  Sandra
     Falwell had insisted on leaving Santa Cruz as early as she could.
     So the "Iron Car" a small gasoline driven car on rails that ran
     between the regular scheduled trains was her only alternative.
     She sat in the back seat and thought about the pending reunion
     with her father and sister.  She looked at the missionary trip as
     a lark, a vacation away from the smothering presence of her
     overbearing mother.  Her blue-gray eyes drifted to the vista
     outside the open window.  The tall mesa's clad in greenery were a
     surprise to her.  She wrinkled her pert freckle clad nose at the
     odor coming from the driver several seats in front of her, with a
     toss of her short red hair she dismissed it and her mind went on
     to other things.

     She wiggled her ample bottom on the plastic of the seat, her
     shorts clinging to her sweat wet skin.  Sandra was 2 years
     younger than her sister Rachel, her 5' 5' frame one measure of
     the difference.  She had always been jealous of her older
     sister's classic Nordic beauty, her's was of a different sort.
     Her beauty was more earth mother, all red hair and freckles.
     Just as attractive as her sister, her lips full, pert freckled
     nose, high cheeks and clear forehead.  Her small chin crowned a
     smooth jaw.  Her shorts revealed that at 16 she already had the
     full hips of a mature woman, topping two muscular freckled legs.
     Her freckled shoulders were as broad as her sister's.  Her
     sleeveless top showed that her freckled arms were just as sleek
     and firm.  The fabric of her top was filled out just as well as
     her sister's.  Her heavy pendulous breasts, the bane of her
     existence at school.  Her sister's breasts had always been full
     and firm, Sandra's heavy and pendulous.  Somehow she had always
     felt sloppy in a bikini next to her sister.  Her prematurely ripe
     body not the sleek athletic one her sister possessed.

     Sandra pushed the catty wish that maybe her sister's stay in the
     wilds of Bolivia had somehow reduced the beauty of which she was
     so jealous.

     Exotic thoughts drifted in and out of Sandra's head as the heat
     of the day, and the rhythmic clickety clack of the car over the
     rail joints lulled her to sleep.


     The cook's fat wife pulled Rachel along by her nose ring, the 18
     year old crawling as swiftly as her swaying swollen breasts would
     allow.  The woman had hobbled the young girl, connecting her
     ankles and wrists to one another with a length of cord, making it
     impossible for the teen to run, forcing her to shuffling along
     like some sort of pet.

     Esuela took sadistic delight in her humiliation of the young
     anglo slut.  Her beauty was a source of intense hatred on the
     part of the squat indian woman.  She smiled to herself as she
     quickened her pace pulling the struggling girl, her pitiful
     whimpers a source of satisfaction to the fat woman.  Esuela knew
     how the men had spent the night before.  She heard the groaning,
     the laughter.  She knew the kind of woman this one was.  She had
     seen the whores bells before.  Knew how the men talked and lusted
     after women such as her in the villages.

     "If she wanted to play the part of the bitch slut, she would have
     her chance."  Esuela thought as she neared the wooden enclosure.
     Sudden shuffling and barking erupted from behind the wooden
     slats.  Harsh words from the Bolivian woman quelled the barking
     but the dogs within congregated near the door in anticipation.
     The woman reached up with her free hand and loosened the twisted
     wire holding the gate closed.  When she opened the gate four
     large curs, paced a respectful distance from the opening.  Rachel
     looked into the filthy interior of the enclosure.  It's four foot
     high roof was made of wooden slats.  It was open to the weather
     except for a narrow box like structure along one side providing
     protection from the elements.  Several large ceramic bowls
     contained water, and hear and there a dirty blanket lay in a heap
     in the dirt.

     Rachel let out a piteous moan as Esuela pulled her by the nose
     ring toward the opening.

     "In you go, puta!"  she said with a sadistic laugh.  "Your new
     friends want to meet you I think!"

     The fat brown arm of the woman pulled Rachel into the enclosure
     as far as she could reach.  Releasing the ring, she quickly
     planted a wide sandaled foot on the naked ass of the crawling
     girl and shoved her into the enclosure.

     "U-u-u-u-u-h," was all the surprised girl said as she sprawled
     forward, the hobbling cords preventing her from catching herself.
     She landed on her pretty face, skidding across the hard packed
     earth.  A moan gurgled from her mouth as her weight fell on the
     taunt bags of her filled swollen breasts.  She rolled to her
     side, fine dust sticking to her perspiration.  She wallowed there
     afraid to move as the four dogs moved closer sniffing, towering
     over her as she lay.

     After a few minutes the dogs moved back to the far corner, away
     from the feces covered area near the door.

     Rachel rose and crawled to an area clear of filth and claimed a
     soiled blanket on which to lay.  She curled on her side, feeling
     the warmth of the sun on her skin through the overhead slats.
     She had no doubt that she deserved to be here.  She remembered
     back to the acts she had willingly performed for the men the
     night before.  How she had debased herself in exchange for
     pleasure.  Yes, she deserved this.

     Her mind wandered, thoughts of the soldier's return drifted
     through her mind, the sudden remembrance of the Sergeant's belt
     brought an almost painful throb to her neglected clitoris.  A
     scrabbling noise to her right made her look up and she saw the
     three cur pups wiggling through the wide spaced slats of the
     enclosure.  The sight of the three pups made her breath catch in
     her throat.  The burning of forbidden pleasure burned in the pit
     of her stomach.  Her blue eyes darted as if she was afraid
     someone would see.  A bitter laugh bubbled to lips, "As if they
     haven't seen me do worse."  she thought to herself.  Her small
     white teeth caught her full bottom lip in anticipation of relief
     from the dull ache of her swollen udders.

     "Yes, here you go," she said as she lifted the large heavy orb of
     her tightly bound right breast.  Her small hands sinking into
     it's meaty weight as she expressed large drops of milk from the
     elongated nipple capping the bluish mound, trying to entice the
     hungry mongrels.

     "O-h-h-h-h-h, that's right-t-t-t-t!"  she groaned as the largest
     pup latched onto the swollen reddish brown nipple that she
     offered.  Her clit buzzed as his sharp teeth sank into the
     swollen turgid flesh.  She felt the burning rush in her breast as
     the painfully swollen milk glands convulsed and their precious
     fluid fell as the pup voraciously sucked.  Mumbling eagerly she
     groped for her other painfully swollen gland and offered it to a
     second eager pup.

     Rachel lay on her back on the dirty blanket, the tight mounds of
     her breasts standing on her chest, held erect by the tight cords
     that circled the wide base of each breast.  The pups feasted at
     the fat swollen teats capping each blue veined breast as they
     separated heavily on her narrow ribcage.  She closed her eyes
     groaning and reveled in the feel of the sharp pinpricks at her
     elongated pierced nipples and the precious relief as her milk
     flowed.  The mongrels whined and shuffled lapping and sucking at
     the copious flow of milk that dribbled from their flews as they
     greedily fed at her swollen mammaries.

     She parted her thighs slightly in invitation to the third pup.
     The thick musk smell exuded from her damp labia, not only
     enticed the pup.  The four adult curs soon began to sniff the air
     as well.

     Rachel heard the shuffling from the far corner and pretended not
     to hear, concentrating on the pups.  The familiar sick excitement
     rose like from her groin to engulf her reason, forcing her to
     spread her thighs in unacknowledged welcome to the sniffing curs.
     Fleeting memories of the huge black Dane and his monstrous tool
     flitted in her mind.  She shook her head in mock denial, as her
     knees splayed and her slickened labia parted.  A hot thick cloud
     of musk rose from her damp leaking cunt.  The wet evidence of her
     greedy need mingled with the rank male emissions from the night
     before to form a disgusting odorous broth that belched forth a
     chemical signal to the curs.  The attractive 18 year old refused
     to accept the truth, pretending not to notice the approach of the
     largest of the curs.  His mangy hair a dark brown.  She averted
     her eyes as she parted her thighs and raised her bottom slightly.
     The sick excitement welled in her stomach as the pups gnawed and
     chewed at her fat nipples.  She heard the beast growl at the pup
     between her legs, and felt the large dog's ear brush the inside
     of her thigh as he dipped his nose to sniff at the thick slime
     that leaked from her abused hole.  Her fingers were curled into
     fists, knuckles white with anticipation, sparks flew from her
     nipples tingling her oversized clit from the pricks of the pups
     teeth.  Her clit exploded in obscene delight at the first touch
     of the big dogs tongue.  The young teen, grunted, her lean form
     shivering as the climax ran through her.  The sick feelings of
     filthy pleasure bubbled up as the brute lapped his tunneling
     tongue into her splayed cunt, lapping up the gruel of spent seed
     and vile need.

     Rachel lifted her ass from the packed dirt in her eagerness to
     give herself to her new bestial lover.  She levered her round ass
     up on sleek thighs, her tight cheeks dusted with dirt from the
     floor.  Her firm thighs splayed wider as the dog busily
     lapped his tongue from top to bottom between her firm cheeks and
     thick swollen slabs of her labia.  The click of the brass rings
     lining her labia was audible above her lust labored breathing as
     the dog's thick tongue wormed into every crease of her intimate
     flesh in search of her fragrant slime.

     In her lust, her blue eyes darted between the peaks of her
     quivering breasts and through the legs of the shuffling beast.
     Her mind refused to accept the true treasure for which she
     searched, feigning disinterest when her eyes saw the heavy blue
     gray tube of the dogs phallus hanging from its hairy sheath.
     Her heart leapt as her guts knotted in sick facination and her
     skin burned with obscene excitement at the sight of the heavy
     swaying canine dong.  Her blue eyes traced each detail with
     greedy eagerness.  The thick wet tube swung heavily beneath the
     belly of the beast.  A dribble a thin semen dripped from the tiny
     point projecting from the bottom edge of the red tinged blunt
     snout.  A web of dark red veins covered the slimy gray blue tube.
     Thicker at the snout the heavy swaying dong tapered toward the
     large bulge of hard flesh that was it's knot.  Her heart raced at
     the sight and size of the knot, still encased in the dong's
     retracted sheath, and swollen to it's full size.  Rachel knew
     that only the enclosed heat of her own greedy perverted sex would
     trigger that....

     Her mind rebelled at the hungry thoughts that rose like vile
     puss, a vomitus sea of filth that consumed her hungrily, fueling
     the rising flames of lust that colored her skin crimson, and sent
     a hot tingling tide rushing across her body.

     Her eyes refused to obey her screaming mind, the sight of the
     thick, wet, grayish tube, its surface seeming to writhe with red
     veins, hypnotized her as it its heavy weight swayed beneath the
     dog's belly.  Rachel ignored her mind's pleading as her back
     arched and the dog tunneled his wet tongue deeper into her
     weeping cunt.  The mindless brute lapped and licked at the girl's
     willing offering, his wet cold nose bumping against her swollen
     throbbing clit, sending shivers of delight radiating through her
     pale form.

     The large cur sniffed and licked, the scent of the girl's rich
     musk penetrating his dull brain.  His hairy muscular haunches
     quivered as he pushed his scarred muzzle between the splayed
     thighs of the young woman.  His ears perked at the girl's eager
     whimpers and he paused and raised his matted head to growl
     menacingly at the pups and the other dogs that had were closing
     in.  A quick snap of his head and the other curs backed away and
     the pups scatted a respectable distance.

     Rachel looked between the domed peaks of her bound breasts, the
     mauled spikes of her nipples glistened wetly with her milk and
     the pups saliva, at the beast that loomed dominatingly over her.
     Raised pulsing veins radiated away from the turgid knobs, thick
     and distorted by the teeth of the nursing curs.

     Her eyes rose and met the dark eyes of the large male cur, she
     shivered, and her clit throbbed, her belly knotting with obscene
     anticipation.  Her mind dredged up memories of the huge black
     dane, her womb pulled tight in her belly at the sick thoughts of
     the stretching and stuffed sensations of the vile bestial act.
     Her guts cramped as she remembered the thick crugel hammering
     against the sensitive stump of her cervix, the weight of the
     beast on her smooth back and the feel of the coarse hair of huge
     dog's belly against her tense buttocks.  She shuddered and
     came.....her filthy cunt flooded, a tell tale gleam of new
     wetness shown between the red lined lips of her sex.

     Barely able to tear her greedy eyes from the heavy swaying dong,
     the young teens body acted of it's own volition as she rolled
     slowly to her side, her ears tuned to the slightest growl of
     displeasure from her new master.  Her back and flanks were
     powdered with the dust from the packed dirt floor of the pen,
     scraps of cloth and hay hung in the fine hair of her unshaven
     legs.  Rolling to her side, the weighty swollen bags hanging from
     her chest settled heavily to the side, rolling in the dust as she
     carefully sought to rise to her hands and knees.  The desperate
     need that burned within her drove her to debase herself before
     the mindless brute looming over her, his flews dripping with
     foamy saliva mixed with the vile secretions from her own needy
     cunt.

     Her foot bumped the cur's front foreleg, bringing forth a warning
     growl as his scarred saliva flecked flew quivered revealing
     chipped yellow canines.  A whimper leaked from the girls mouth as
     she felt a hot knot of anticipation burn in her chest and rise
     slowly to her face.  Her tortured nipples burned and her pierced
     clit tingled.  The young teen forced herself to her hands and
     knees, her once pristine alabaster form striped and marred with
     the with the marks of days past.  The marks of the belt were
     visible through the dirt clinging to her flanks and her dull blue
     breasts.  The blotch of bruises left by hard demanding fingers
     and hands marked her sleek thighs now glimmering with vile
     wetness.  The encouraging imprint of more than one hand was still
     visible through the dust powdering her firm white buttocks.

     Rachel never raised her head from the dirt floor.  She merely
     raised her buttocks up on her firm thighs, keeping her head
     slavishly mated to the dirt floor, her muscular back rising
     upward in a graceful arc to the splayed cheeks of her ass.  Her
     swollen bovine breasts formed a pillow beneath her, her distorted
     nipples leaking puddles of wetness in the dust as the weight of
     her upper body expressed the white fluid.  She groaned, grinding
     the painful bags into the filth beneath her, the rings in her
     nipples catching and pulling as she scrubbed them into the hard
     dirt floor.

     Lost in the self abuse of her gyrations, her the splayed crevass
     of her raised buttocks waved invitingly before the muzzle of the
     mindless cur standing behind her.  The rank musty odor of the
     teen's well used cunt waffed to the dripping wet nostrils of the
     watching beast.  A low growl and the feel of the dog's wet nose
     between her splayed cheeks brought her back to the presence as a
     renewed thrill burned through her.  The hot feel of obscene
     defilement ran through her and a smile came to her abused lips.
     She was once more to commit the ultimate in loathful acts.  She
     had submitted to foul and arrant deeds with men, men she had
     willingly let use her as whore, slattern, trollop.  Her own flesh
     was a record of her hideous needs and the scurrilous acts she had
     so eagerly enjoyed.  But to lie prostrate before a mindless
     brute, to debase herself before a master of another species, this
     was the foulest depravity and the greatest pleasure she had yet
     experienced.  Her pale dust covered cheek moved with the smile
     that rent her pretty face at the thought.

     Her delicate nostrils blew puffs of dust from the hard packed
     floor as she wormed her arms beneath her her, the girth of her
     swollen breasts forcing her arms out the cords connecting to her
     wrists and ankles limiting her movements.

     The large cur stood behind her watching her grunting efforts, the
     dull brain behind his dark eyes uncomprehending of the irony of
     the heavy brass cross suspended from the creature's thick
     clitoris by a length of heavy chain.  His meager brain was awash
     with the heavy veil of musk that welled up from the females
     dripping labia.  The twin rows of dripping brass rings adorning
     the kneeling bitch's cunt held no interest for him, only the
     promise of procreation of his line interested him.

     The eager girl's hands appeared beneath her, winning the battle
     against the weighty bags of her abused tits.  Her fingers wiggled
     along her wet thighs like thick worms as she grunted with effort,
     reaching her labia to pull them further apart in invitation.

     The a wave of fresh musk burst in the cur's tiny brain, his front
     quarters lifted as his muscular rear legs skittered him forward,
     his loins crashing into the splayed buttocks of the eager young
     teen.




     Chapter 42

     Rachel grunted as the full weight of the large dog slammed down
     on to the small of her back, it's hairy belly mashing into the
     striped cushions of her up raised ass.  A wave of nauseating
     excitement welled up in the beautiful girl's belly at the feel of
     the beast's forelegs griping her flesh hips and the coarse hair
     against her buttocks as it molded itself against her.  The
     hideous cur's rear paws scratched her calf's as they pranced and
     hopped between the beggarly girl's splayed knees.

     The thick log of the cur's cock slotted itself between the thick
     glistening slabs of the girl's swollen labia, missing the begging
     oval of her vagina as it arched downward in a heavy arch under
     it's own blood engorged weight.  Rachel whimpered and grunted in
     frustration as she felt the roughness of the canine cock rubbing
     against the swollen finger of her clit as it slid back and forth
     between her thick ringed labia, only an inch beneath the pleading
     mouth of her drooling cunt.  Her depraved mind thought how
     different, how wonderful each dog cock felt as the pistoning
     dong brushed against her wet fingers as they gripped the thick
     rings and wantonly splayed her cunt.  The Dane's thick, slick
     crudgel, and now the this.  She groaned as the rough gray tube
     grated against her thick swollen clit.  The thin coating of
     smegma gone, the rough swollen flesh of the gray, red fringed
     club rasped again and again against the angry sensitive flesh of
     her distended clit.  The heavy cross marking her guilt swinging
     beneath it tugging and pulling as it bounced between her splayed
     thighs.

     The pretty athletic teen twisted her upper body hard to the
     right, her cheek still pressed slavishly to the packed dirt.  A
     wave of pleasure coursed through her as her movement scrubbed her
     inflated nipples against the roughness of the packed dirt.  She
     shuddered, her eyes fluttering, her tongue licking impotently at
     the ring piercing her septum as a putrid climax slithered through
     her veins at the sight of the mangy cur mounting her.  She
     watched in bitter frustration as the large dog's hindquarters
     bounced fruitlessly against her upturned ass as his club like cock
     sawed back and forth between her slick labia.

     Trembling with need her right hand reached for the elusive
     swaying tube, her eyes consumed the swaying dong, it's length
     swathed in tiny dark red veins, like some ancient hieroglyphs,
     her mind ensorcerled by the dong as it swayed before her.  Like a
     demented prayer wheel, it's hypnotic swaying wordlessly casting
     forth the spell written in the obscene script of it's encrusting
     veins.



     Sweat beaded the inflated cheeks of Maria's pretty face in the
     stifling confines of the fetid banyo.  The vile sounds coming
     from her stuffed mouth rang loudly in her ears in the small
     confines as she slurped and gobbled the thick black cock.  The
     Priest's cassock was bunched up on his swollen belly and she
     knelt between his splayed thighs.  The stench of the toilet and
     filthy floor made fleeting intrusions past the thick aroma rising
     from the old Priest's sweating balls.  The young indian girl's
     lips were already swollen from the sebum on the old man's skin,
     fueling her enthusiasm.  He guts knotted with the evil thrill she
     never tired of, degrading herself for a man of the cloth.  Her
     ignored clit buzzed with vile evil as she forced her eager mouth
     down onto the swelling cock to be rewarded with the wet spasm she
     knew was immiment.  A mini climax coursed through her defiled
     nerves as she gulped the Priest's thick load.  The corrupted old
     Priest sighed as his thick black cock pumped spurt after spurt of
     sperm into the sucking girl's throat.

     His depraved mind toyed with the memories of all the ripe young
     women that had passed though his helping hands down the years.
     All the missed opportunities.  Never again the defiled Priest
     thought.  His churning balls constricted as yet another thick
     gout of sperm clogged the moaning girls throat.  His heavy cock
     and withered balls for so long so much dead meat between his
     legs, a reminder of his stolen manhood.  "Never again."  he
     thought, as his cock surged spewing one last wad of viscous
     sperm into the gleeful indian girl's mouth.

     Maria stood nervously by the side of the old Padre.  Her eyes
     darted from side to side wondering at the absence of vendors that
     usually lined the platform waiting the arrival of the train.
     They would descend upon the windows and down the isles hawking
     their wares, food, souvenirs, in the few minutes the train paused
     on it's way to Corumba, Brazil.  She didn't know that today only
     the Ferrocar would arrive.  The Padre thought that Sandra Farrell
     would be more at ease in the presence of another woman.  After
     all they still had a long ride back to the village.

     Sandra moaned as she felt the hand on her hip hold her in place.
     A broken tooth leer split the dark face below the expressionless
     eyes.  His eyes never left her green eyes as his hand slid
     beneath her top to cup and squeeze her large breast.  Bile rose
     in her throat as she felt her nipples harden at his touch and the
     beginning of the despised buzzing between her legs.

     "No, I...please, por favor...", she mumbled as she squirmed
     beneath the exploring hands.

     "Senorita, por favor, the station, it is near."  the driver of
     the Ferrocar said as he shook her gently.

     She awoke with a start the driver's leering face looming above
     her.  She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and noticed that her
     shorts had wedged themselves nicely between the fat lips of her
     labia, the classic camel toe, the combination of sweat and musk
     leaving a dark stain along the buried seam.  She giggled with
     embarrassment as she realized the cause of the driver's leer.  She
     shuddered at the dream and wondered at it's meaning, a feeling of
     sick guilt lay sourly in the pit of her stomach.  She could see
     the approaching station in the distance.  "At last" she thought.
     She felt she was at the threshold of a new life.

     Rachel's fingers guided the pumping gray rod to the mouth of her
     cunt.  She groaned as she felt it's roughness under her small
     white fingers.  Her little digits eagerly guided the thick red
     rimmed snout until it caught itself in the throat of her cunt.
     The clasping mouth of her cunt held the thick snout for an
     instance's lingering kiss, before the dog's pumping hindquarters
     drove the thick tube of gray bestial meat into the writhing
     depths of her guts.  A white hot flash filled her brain as the
     hard fist of the dog's knot punched into her splayed labia, and
     the fingers of her left hand.  Her clit jangled as the swaying
     cross tugged under the impact.  The thick animal cock bored into
     the depths of her teenage cunt, it's thick snout driving against
     the spongy stump of her abuse cervix, glancing away and jabbing
     into the resilient flesh of her womb.  The excited flesh of her
     vagina rippled and clutched at the bestial invader in delight.
     The teen's depraved body responding independently.  Her rational
     mind trapped in a prison of lustful need.  Unheeding the
     plaintive cries of reason her body continued it's abominable
     journey, as it pushed reason deeper into the solitary confines of
     a cell only corrupt satisfaction would reveal.

     The impact of the stiff rod of animal flesh against the bottom of
     her cunt brought a grunt of physical pain from the mortified
     teen.  A glorious feeling welled up within her like the pus from
     a suppurating wound, as the walls of her young cunt contracted
     and rippled around the thick intruder.  The once pristine young
     teen shuddered in pleasure as the thick bestial cock began to
     piston in and out of her clasping cunt.  Her clear blue eyes
     fluttered as she watched the scrubby flanks of the large cur
     dance between the dirty pale columns of her thighs as the
     mindless beast labored to act out his primal instinct of
     reproduction.  The dirty beast hunched over her raised white
     buttocks, his deep chest molded to the arched curve of her back.
     His foam flecked muzzle dripped hotly on her sweating back as she
     ground her swollen breasts into the filthy dirt floor in self
     abasement.

     "Ungh, ugnh, ughn," she grunted with each thrust of the cur's
     flanks.  Her blue eyes watched half lidded as the red rimmed gray
     cock buried itself inside her.  Rachel watched as the bestial
     dong pistoned in and out of her clasping cunt, slick with her own
     guilty juices.  The large plums of the cur's balls danced in her
     eyes as she watched the beast's swollen knot, still hidden within
     the hairy foreskin hammer time again and again against the swollen
     pierced lips of her sex.

     Unseen by the lust blinded teen, Escuela leaned heavily against
     the thick corner post of the pen.  Her clouded eyes watched as
     the young norte American puta played bitch to the large cur.
     The fat woman licked at the hair that faintly lined her upper lip
     as she arched her thick back, pushing her fat dimpled buttocks
     backward.  "Ahh, bueno, bueno!!"  she groaned quietly as she felt
     the thick stump of her husband's cock reach deeper into the rank
     confines of her slovenly cunt.  She sighed as she felt his fat
     belly rub against the porcine expanse of her ass exposed beneath
     the raised hem of her dress.

     "The puta is so mallo, so foul."  she thought, wallowing like a
     sow in the depravity of the beautiful teen's act of perversion.
     The sight of the statuesque blonde beauty slavishly giving
     herself to the mongrel cur sent shivers of depraved delight
     through the fat middle aged woman.  She had heard of such things,
     but....never did she think she would enjoy watching...  She
     shuddered as a thick lurid climax washed over her.  Her hushed
     whispers urged her husband to renewed efforts as he stood between
     her flabby fat thighs and labored at her sodden pit.  Their
     malodorous eyes devoured the unholy spectacle before them like
     twin bottle flies buzzing around a putrefying corpse.

     Rachel groveled beneath the arched form of the humping dog.  The
     scrubby fur of the beast grinding into her pale flesh as the dog
     mindlessly gripped her fleshy hips with his forelegs.  The
     labored breathing of the brute rang in her ears as she grunted
     and gurgled through one orgasm after another beneath the
     masterful stroking of his heavy dong.  The lips of her wet
     drooling sex swabbed along the pistoning rod of animal scepter,
     leaving it dripping with the cankerous secretions of her depraved
     worship.  The mindless, soulless brute labored to fulfill a
     instinctual need, while the polluted teen offered herself for
     black debasement, her pride and reason imprisoned in a
     purgatorial prison constructed of her own vile lust.

     The teen grunted with effort as she squirmed her jackknifed
     torso further to the right.  Her slender arms forced past the
     compressed balloons of her swollen breasts as she groped between
     the splayed columns of her thighs.  Her nimble fingers wriggled
     like tiny worms, driven by the squalorous motives.  A moan of
     delight oozed from her deflowered throat when her questing
     fingers clasped around the hard bulge of the dog's knot.
     Threading her fingers around the swollen ball she forced the hair
     skin of the dog's sheath back behind the hard knot.  Her greedy
     fingers desperately pulled at the apple sized ball forcing it
     between the swollen lips of her dripping sex.  She grunted and
     groveled like a serf before his master as she forced the hard
     knot slowly into the dilated throat of her stretched sex.

     "Uhh, uhh, uhh, ahh, ahh, yes-s-s-s-s!"  she moaned as the knot
     popped past the taunt flesh of her ravaged cunt.  The shimmering
     wave of another virulent climax seethed through her sated flesh
     as she felt her vagina spasm around the fist like knot stretching
     her.

     Even as she wallowed in the vomitous pit of her own defilement,
     she could feel the cur's knot beginning to swell under the vile
     caresses of her unholy cunt.  She lay groveling on the dusty
     ground, he eyes locked on the juncture of union between slave and
     master, her copious vile juices wetting the union, hanging in
     vile glimmering strings, a libidinous offering sealing their
     obscene coupling.

     She purred and gurgled, her wet hands laying aside her head in
     the dust, no longer needed.  The swollen knot firmly linking
     beast and woman, master and slave, cur and bitch.  She floated in
     a drugged state from the endless chain of depraved orgasms, as
     she felt the repeated jets of hot animal sperm bath her tortured
     cunt.  Her bottom was awash with the bottled up mixture of her
     own secretions and the vile bestial seed of the scrubby cur, his
     large swollen knot corking her greedy cunt.

     A long sonorous moan emanated from her throat as the cur's cock
     throbbed in endless contractions, filling her over stuffed cunt
     to bursting.  Her languor was broken as the dog jumped from her
     back, his cock twisting in her cunt as he faced away from the
     kneeling girl.  The first brutal tug at her constricted cunt
     caused her to thrust her hands beneath her to grab the cur's hind
     legs.  Only two pair of eyes beheld the obscene sight of the
     large dog struggling forward dragging the tall kneeling teen
     behind him as she desperately struggled to keep him from
     wrenching the now softball sized knot from her cunt.

     The dog seemed to content to halt his movement when he reached
     the clay water bowl.  Rachel moaned with relief as the tearing
     pressure left her bottom.  It was then she saw the dark eyes of
     the fat woman leering through the wooden slats of the pen.
     Escuela licked hungrily at her fat lips, her chin wet, as the
     sweating cook labored behind her his hands gripping her fat
     swaying hips.  Rachel's blue eyes rolled eye lashes fluttering as
     another blinding orgasm born of humiliation and degradation
     rippled through her.




     Chap 43


     Sandra was amazed by the thickness of the jungle.  Her cloths
     were sticking to her as the stifling heat seemed to melt them to
     her freckled skin.  He view was limited to the broad back of the
     fat old Priest perched god like on the horse in front of her and
     the thick green vegetation that rose like a wall next to the
     narrow trail.  She noted that the Padre seemed not to notice the
     heat, despite the large dark sweat stain on his black cassock in
     the center of his back.  The young indian girl rode behind her on
     the narrow path.  She had been introduced simply as Maria, and
     looked pathetic.  The thin cotton dress she wore left little to
     the imagination.  Her brown aureoles were clearly visible
     through the thin fabric.  Sandra heard the tinkle, and by close
     inspection had concluded that the girl had bells hanging from her
     thick nipples.  She would have been the envy of every "gothic"
     gal she knew back at school.

     Sandra had been a little surprised that neither her father or
     sister had been to meet her.  After reassurances from the Priest
     she had agreed to go with him to the village where he said they
     would meet her.  "On the whole, quite an adventure."  she thought
     to herself.  "Wait till mom finds out where I am."  she giggled
     to herself as the horses plodded along in the heat.


     She ignored the pain in her knees as she raised her chest from
     the dirt floor to brace herself.  Her little fingers scrabbled in
     the dirt as she felt the hairy brute's knot stretching her
     dripping hole.  She had laid for a full thirty minutes
     luxuriating in the obscene feeling of the cur's cock and knot
     filling her clenching cunt.  The muscles of her quim had
     memorized every undulation, every detail of the twin hemispheres
     of the gorgeous lump of blood engorged canine flesh.  The reality
     of the act had sent her cunt on a continued orgy of spasms, the
     tender flesh rippling and clenching around the log like invader,
     unsure whether to expel it or embrace it for all time.  The
     depraved demon that was her clit assaulted her senses with climax
     after filthy climax, as if to bludgeon the remaining reason in
     her brain to jelly.  Her once articulate voice was reduced to the
     bestial grunts and moans of a bitch in heat as the she wallowed
     in the wanton depravity of her bestial domination.  Now his
     instinctual needs sated the cur was finished with her, an ocean of
     his seed filling her dilated womb, dammed up behind his shrinking
     knot.  Now half it's previous size, the cur was attempting to
     pull free.

     With a sickening wet sucking sound the grayish knot popped free,
     followed by a gush of liquid filth, a soup of their mingled
     fluids that streamed from the gaping mouth of her distended cunt,
     wetting the rings marking her for what she was.  The thick
     vileness decanted along the heavy chain suspended from her
     clitoris to drip luridly from the heavy cross that hung at its'
     end.  Rachel moaned as she looked back between her heavy hanging
     breasts as the liquid guilt pooled beneath her and shuddered as
     yet another black climax tingled along her nerves to rouse her
     polluted senses.

     The thick wet log of her master's cock swung heavily between his
     flanks as he walked away disinterested, his primal urge met.  The
     cur flopped to the dusty ground and began to clean himself as his
     human bitch knelt before him forgotten.

     The young anglo missionary, once a promising law student,
     daughter, knelt in the filthy kennel, her long slender thighs
     glistened with spent animal sperm and the depraved secretions of
     her defiled womb.  Her red streaked buttocks stood high and proud
     on the alabaster columns of her thighs.  The faint red welts and
     bruises of the previous days and fresh scratches from her recent
     lover's dew claws, giving her flesh the look of some exotic
     marble.  The lean moons of her buttocks separated by a wide
     chasm, revealing the ravaged flesh of her anus and the pierced
     lips of her labia.  The dripping mouth of her cunt gaped silently
     like some wordless guilty mouth, silent in the face of it's
     revealed depravity.  Beneath it, the master of her downfall, her
     glistening red cardinal of lust, her engorged clitoris.  It hung
     there pulsing, red and shiny with lust driven blood, it's flesh
     puckered around the thick ring piercing its base.  Beneath it,
     covered in the slime of her loathsome act, hung the heavy cross
     and chain, cloyed with the thick congealing filth of her hideous
     guilt, symbolic of her defiled self.

     Rachel's head hung slackly on her smooth neck, the tendrils of her
     matted filthy blond tresses her only modesty as they hung down to
     hide her wistfully smiling face.  A bead of sweat hung from the
     apex of her upper lip to drip to the powdery ground beneath her.
     Her slender muscular arms extended like miniature ivory legs,
     supporting her upper body.  The grotesque balloons that were her
     purplish swollen breasts, hung from her chest, fat nipples like
     chewed cigar butts, projecting wetly from the pebbly expanse of
     her thickened red aureoles.  Their weight pulled the skin of her
     ribcage taunt, her ribs standing our clearly beneath her pale
     skin.  The hemp cord circling each breast, stained with sweat and
     caked with dirt, cut deeply into the base of each heavy liquid
     filled bag of flesh.  The muscles and sinews of her back like the
     cables of a mighty bridge, stretched taunt, supporting the
     downward curve of her back till it rose majestically to join the
     brazen ivory globes of her buttocks.

     All shame forgotten in her emptiness, she knelt, alone, hollow.
     Her keepers forgotten, were exhausted from their voyeuristic
     driven coupling.

     A low moan rose in the silence, her soiled blond tresses shaking
     in denial even as her pale arms braced, and her sperm streaked
     thighs tensed to accept the weight of yet another shaggy bestial
     lover.


     Sandra was surprised by the serenity of the village.  It was not
     at all what she had expected on the long ride from the train
     station.  The sun was dipping beneath the horizon as they
     dismounted in the village square.

     "Come my child, I will show you to your place in the church."
     intoned the chocolate voice of the old Padre.  "Maria will see to
     your things."  he said with a nod to the indian girl.

     The pretty redhead followed the hulking form of the the old black
     priest toward the church.  The gaze of her green eyes flitted
     around the plaza as they walked in the gathering darkness.  Her
     pendulous breasts swayed and jiggled freely within her sleeveless
     blouse with each clump of her hiking boots.  The freckled legs
     beneath her tan shorts were stout and firm supporting a set of
     womanly hips.  The glint of her navel ring shone on her bare
     middrift.  As she walked her slim freckled arms swung
     energetically along her sides.  A small hand pushed her short red
     tresses behind her right ear as her pert freckled nose sniffed in
     an attempt to decipher the gumbo of smells from the village and
     surrounding jungle.

     The church door opened with a resonating creak, the sound
     resonating in the hollow sanctuary.  The Priest led her into the
     darkness of the church.  She followed his shadowy form willingly
     as he led her toward the rectory, their way lit by the flickering
     flame of a single candle.  The air of mystery caused the pretty
     young girl's skin to tingle.  Soon she would be reunited with her
     sister and father.  She had made the right decision to come here
     she thought as she stepped through the doorway into the rectory.

     She barely felt a wisp as the cord of the noose slip over her
     pretty head an instant before it drew taunt.  Her panicked eyes
     flew to the grinning face of the black priest as he stood just
     out of reach.  Her eyes blurred as her oxygen starved brain began
     to fog, her fingers digging at the thin cord cutting into her
     neck.  The pretty girl fought driven by mindless panic twisting
     and turning, thrashing at the end of the pole pressed tightly
     against her neck from which the noose extended.  Her clouding
     green eyes searched for the figure at the end of the pole in the
     dim light.  Her struggles drove her into the center of the room,
     dragging pole and handler behind her.  Before shadowy night
     descended over her eyes she saw the nightmarish face of an old
     oriental man, lifeless cruel eyes consuming her above the gnarled
     grin of crooked rotten teeth.




     Chap 44

     The old man sat back, the sweat coating his face gave the
     wrinkled slits of his aged Asian face a simian quality.  Long wet
     strands of his thinning hair hung down his yellow forehead sprung
     free from the knot at the back of his head.  His thin lips pulled
     into a tight smile of satisfaction as he observed his work.  He
     turned to the old black Priest and his smile broadened to reveal
     the brown rotten stumps of long neglected teeth.

     "Nice?  Yes?"  he said not really expecting an answer.  As his
     eyes returned to the taunt arch of pink and white flesh suspended
     in the center of the room.  The young freckled teen with the
     womanly curves hung four feet off the floor.  A human bow of
     muscle and bone.  Her arms were drawn back, elbows almost
     touching, welded together by a solid wrapping of coarse hemp rope
     to her wrists.  Her white legs, bent at the knees were drawn back
     over her ample buttocks.  A spreader between her knees splayed
     her thighs, the strain on her wide hips clearly seen in their
     taunt flesh.  The solid wrappings at her ankles were joined to
     those at her wrists, her nubile body bent into the shape of a
     rocking "A".  The pale pinkish flesh of her torso and waist was
     imprisoned in a tight sheath of still more wrappings of coarse
     hemp rope.  Her large pendulous breasts hung distorted, squeezed
     though a narrow gap in tight corset of rope.  The thick red nubs
     of her nipples were wrapped with thin cord from which hung empty
     rings.  Her fat pink aureoles were swollen and wet from the
     attentions of the old man.  The rope creaked as the bound beauty
     slowly turned suspended from a single rope affixed to the rope
     corset at her body's precise center of balance.  Even in the dim
     light of the rectory the cruel vise, formed by two thin dried
     stalks of cane, trapping the swollen pouting lips of her swollen
     labia was visible.

     Her head was held up and back, her pretty features distorted by
     the twin hooks inserted in her nostrils.  Her clear freckled chin
     hung down, her mouth agape as her breath rasped quietly from her
     throat.  Her red hair framed her quiet face, beads of sweat
     sparkled in the fine red hair of her brows.  The pink tinted
     finely veined skin of her lids sheltered innocent eyes soon to
     open to madness.

     The old Priest stepped toward the suspended form and turned her
     for his inspection.  He noted the smooth white skin was marked
     only by a fine sprinkling of reddish freckles.  Here and there
     Blue veins were visible beneath the translucent paleness.  He
     skin seemed to possess a tender pink cast, adding to her
     helplessness.  His wandering gaze fell on the dark crevass
     between her splayed legs and it's pink hued flesh.

     "This one might well be a virgin.  No telling with the sluts from
     Norte America."  he intoned in his deep voice.  It was a struggle
     to keep his building excitement out of his voice.  The
     aphrodisiac of control he had become addicted to was working it's
     magic as it transformed a lump of inert flesh into a pulsing mace
     of power, a club with which he would dominate.  He would train
     this one too, with the old man's help.  She would become another
     slobbering vessel of lust, begging to be filled with the spent
     lust of men.  She would learn to worship her new master, her new
     god, the phallus.  In doing she would damn herself so that others
     might be saved.

     His mind continued to ramble, but his fingers were purposeful.
     His thick black digits slid between the buttocks of the
     unconscious girl.  He grunted in satisfaction as his index finger
     met resistance as it wormed it's way between the damp clinging
     flesh of her pink labia.  His demanding probing brought a waking
     whimper from the young teen.

     Hatori saw the stirrings of the girl, and stepped to her head,
     gag in hand.  He quickly stuffed the crude ball gag into her
     mouth, forcing it past her full pink lips and between her small
     white teeth.  The girl's eyes opened in wide panicked confusion.
     She tried to buck but the tense contorted shape of her body
     prevented anything more than a moaning wail of desperation and
     confusion.

     Sandra woke to pressure on her jaw, with a start of panic she
     felt something hard and unyielding being forced into her mouth
     past her teeth prying her jaws apart to rest heavily on her
     tongue.  She tried to scream, snorting a breath through her
     freckled nose only to feel a crushing pressure on her chest
     preventing all but a shallow breath.  Her mind besotted with
     panic she tried to move, tried to thrash her arms, her legs only
     to feel them pinned in a numbly in a seeming immovable vice.  She
     began to moan and wail, utter confusion mapped across her pretty
     face.  The faint sounds of laughter began to penetrate the veil
     of panic that cloaked her mind.

     All was madness as she saw the room spin, the walls turning, two
     laughing figures to the side, no, behind her, no, wait.  The room
     wasn't spinning, she was.  Vomit rose in her throat as the dull
     ache of her shoulders and hips penetrated the rapidly evaporating
     shelter of unconsciousness.  The icy fingers of panic once more
     gripped her brain threatening to crush it, her wide green eyes
     rolled as she tried to buck and thrash, only robbing her of what
     little air her starving lungs were rationed by the merciless
     ropes.

     Panic engulfed her, devouring her reason and consumed her
     strength.  Exhaustion finally claimed her helpless pink form.
     Hanging from the single rope she looked like a plump pink grub
     imprisoned in the brown wrapping of a giant spider.  Helpless,
     the only evidence of life, her pitiful whimpering sobs.  The high
     pitched "hmee hmee hmee" of her sobs partly stifled by the gag in
     her mouth and constricted chest, sounding like some demented
     laugh, reflective of her tenuous grasp on reason.

     Surely this was madness she thought, a horrible dream, a
     nightmare.  He mind was distracted by the dull aching throb from
     too many places to track.  She couldn't move, numbness competed
     with pain for space in her confused brain.  Suddenly a face, a
     voice, a floating straw in a boiling sea, her mind lunged,
     coughing and screaming toward the one desperate hope.

     "You wakee, missee?"  the greasy face said to her.  "You like
     your new home?  You be new toy for Hatori, yes?"

     The babbling of the wrinkled face only confused her.  Her tear
     filled green eyes focusing and unfocusing on the leering gash of
     a mouth, not able to comprehend what he was saying.

     'Hmee, hmee, hmee."  leaked from behind the gag as despair
     threatened to once again threaten the brain beneath the short red
     hair.

     "There is nothing to be afraid of my child."  the rich sonorous
     tones of a familiar voice soothed her.  "You are where god
     willed, my child.  You have been brought to here to serve."  the
     voice continued.  She felt a warm hand on her side, turning her.
     The dark face of the old Padre loomed above her.  "You will be
     taught to serve.  Your flesh will become a temple upon which the
     sinful can redeem themselves."  he said as his thick fingers
     probed between her splayed thighs.

     "You must first be cleansed of the foul taint of self and
     selfishness that have polluted this vessel of the lord."  he said
     raising his wet slick fingers before her eyes.

     "This is not an easy lesson.  It is learned only through abject
     repentance and humility.  You must debase yourself before us,
     before all, and only then can you fulfill god's purpose."  he
     said as he wiped his soiled fingers across her gaping lips.

     The girl struggled in revulsion at the man's words and actions.
     Her mind reeling as he continued, his hands exploring her
     helpless body.

     "To this end I place you in the hands of my friend.  He shall
     show you the path.  In his demanding cruelty you will find your
     way, your ultimate purpose."




     Chap 45

     Rachel lay curled at the side of the pen a respectful distance
     from the male curs.  Her red rimmed blue eyes darted nervously to
     and from the resting males.  Her arm rubbed nervously at a
     scabbed bite on her thigh, a souvenir of a lesson learned.  Her
     blond hair was matted and clotted with filth, as dirty as her
     pale skin.  When the soldiers had not returned after several
     days, she had removed the tight bindings on her swollen breasts.
     The cook and his wife only saw her when they came to feed the
     dogs or when they fucked while they watched her being mounted by
     the curs, which was often.  There were also the times late at
     night or early in the morning when the cook would offer her
     choice scraps in exchange for her sucking his thick cock through
     the slats of the pen.  It seemed a better alternative than
     fighting the curs for food.  She sniffed the odor of food through
     the stink of the dog droppings near where she lay.  Her part of
     the pen was where the rest came to relieve themselves.  She heard
     the whimpering yapping and knew it was time.  She rolled on her
     side as the three pups came to nurse.  Her fat milk swollen
     breasts rolled to the side, melding together, a pile of
     curvaceous flesh.  The livid marks of the Sergeants belt had
     begun to fade to reveal the bluish veins that mapped her laboring
     breasts.  She sighed with a mixture of relief and pleasure as her
     milk fell in answer to the voracious sucking of the pups and her
     thick clit began to tingle.  She no longer had to prompt the
     pups, the rooted amid the luscious pile of flesh till they found
     the swollen nipples centered in the expanse of her thick red
     pebbly aureoles.  Her long swollen nipples had become tough and
     distorted from the sharp teeth of the hungry pups.  The thick
     rings piercing the flesh near their base slightly stretching the
     swollen flesh.  Her small white fingers idly traced the thick
     blue veins running under the skin of her breast bone down to the
     heavy swollen udders that wobbled under the pups feeding.  The
     throbbing ache of her engorged glands began to abate as one pup
     finished and another took its place.  She knew and was grateful
     that they would be back before the day was out.

     As the last pup finished her eyes darted to the far end of the
     pen, one of the curs had risen to his feet and was padding slowly
     toward her.  Her stomach knotted with fear as she recognized it
     as the one that had bitten her the day before.  She had only move
     slightly as he was at the water bowl and he had snarled, his
     snapping jays closing on the meaty part of her thigh below the
     hip.

     The cur walked to where she lay.  The yellow eyes of the brute
     met hers then the great shaggy head turned, his muzzle dropping
     to sniff and nudge at the back of her closed thighs.  Rachel felt
     her womb spasm as guilt and humiliation mixed with filthy
     feelings of anticipation and desire to form an intoxicating brew
     that swept all before it.  Her supple legs flexed as if in
     control of themselves, her arms pushing her up on all fours.
     Tears welled in her blue eyes as her mind fought a loosing
     battle, her limbs responding to the tingle in her clit, now a
     commanding throb.

     The beautiful young teen braced her arms locking her elbows, her
     strong white thighs spread and tensed.  The cur sniffed at the
     air catching the thick rank musk that rose from between the
     splayed buttocks of the bitch braced ready and waiting before
     him.  The blond bitch raised her head, the tears running down her
     cheeks diverted around the smile that slowly pulled her dry
     cracked lips upward.  Her tiny pink tongue peeked out in
     anticipation of the pleasure to come.  She waited for the heavy
     thick post of canine flesh that would fill and stretch her.  The
     pounding hot lust that would fill her despairing brain.  Her
     nostrils flared at the thought of the hot pulsing spurts of
     animal sperm that would soon fill her cramping womb, trapped
     behind a pulsing hard knot of blood swollen flesh.

     A wave of putrescence pleasure coursed through her as she felt
     the sharp dew claws of the animals forelegs dig into her hips as
     his hairy loins pressed into her buttocks.  She felt giddy with
     sick pleasure as she felt the cur's thick dong prod wetly along
     the backs of her thighs to invade the stinking crevasse between
     her brazen buttocks.  A small white hand snaked back running the
     gauntlet of her heavily swaying breasts to capture and guide her
     lover's red phallus into her eager welcoming womb.


     She whimpered as she felt the dull throb of her labia.  The
     confused red haired teen hung bound as the wizened yellow man
     went about his task jabbering as he did.

     "You are my slut girl now, missee.  Just like your sistor, she
     makee a a very nice slut girl, very nice."  the old man giggled
     as he busied himself between the helpless girl's spread thighs.

     The old man's words burned into her brain like acid, causing a
     new wave of nausea in her already empty gut.  He mind swirled
     with a thousand questions.  "Had they done this to Rachel?  Where
     was their father?  Why were they doing this?  What would become
     of her?  Her mind seemed to be drowning in a sea of uncertainty
     and she felt herself once again sliding into the dark water of
     panic, like a swimmer who has taken one step to many and teeters
     on the edge of deep swift moving water, her mind desperately
     fought to regain the shallow water of familiarity and certainty.

     "I teach you to be good slut girl like sister.  She likee to suck
     cock, man cock, dog cock, all cock..."  he tittered enjoying the
     look of disbelief and panic on her face.

     The pretty freckled teen felt her skin crawl as she felt the old
     man's hands at her most private places.  She felt the prodding
     and feather light touch of his fingers between her thighs through
     the dull throb in her labia.  She tried in vain to turn her head
     against the upward pressure of the twin tines imbedded deeply in
     her nostrils.

     The old man looped a cord around the thin reeds clamped cruelly
     around her pouting labia.  The pinkish flesh looked like a dark
     red Kaiser roll as it bulged from between the constricting reeds.
     The swollen flesh thick and dark it's covering of red hair
     bristling from the engorged flesh which seemed to part on it's
     own, heavy with trapped blood from the constricted circulation.
     He ran his dirty fingers down over the damp cleft finding her
     clit as it peeked anxiously from beneath the swollen hood like a
     miniature tongue.  Trapping the sensitive flesh between his
     finger and thumb he gave it a cruel twist, pinching it harshly
     and was rewarded with a muffled sob from beneath the gag, the
     girl's bound form making a pathetic attempt to twist away from
     his grasp.

     The old man threaded the cord around her labia between the tensed
     cheeks of her ass.  He giggled as he spread her lush pink cheeks
     to glimpse the dark red flesh of her anus.  The old man hawked a
     wad of phlegm and spat it onto the crinkled depression of her
     sphincter before worming his forefinger into the virgin flesh.

     Sandra groaned into the gag that filled her mouth, sobbing as she
     felt the strange old man defiling her body.  All modesty had been
     stripped from her by the strange men, her mind had clung to the
     shreds of self respect the old man was now obliterating.

     Her eyes looked toward the movement near the wall and her mind
     reeled as she recognized the young indian girl stood there
     meekly.  It was then that she realized she was lost, that they
     could do whatever they wanted and she was powerless to stop them.
     Despair filled her being like a dark saturating fluid, it's inky
     filth pervading every cell.  Her mind saw her once pristine self
     forever defiled, an invisible black stain wherever the old man's
     hands touched her.  From beneath the pall of humiliation came
     blame, blame for herself, for letting it happen, for being too
     weak to stop it.  The old man's experienced hands probed and
     explored playing the girl's flesh like a symphony.  Ringing out
     note after note of clear degrading humiliation.  He lowered his
     head his face near her soft freckled shoulder.  His breath rasped
     excitedly through his rotted teeth, his foul breath washing over
     the pretty girl's gag distorted face as he reached beneath her to
     fondle her pink pendulous breasts.  He grinned to himself as he
     played with the soft heavy bags playing yet another movement in
     his symphony.  He knew that blame would slowly began to twisted
     and change beneath the his hands until it became a virulent
     corrosive self loathing.  It would eat away at the young woman's
     reality, destroying her will to resist, to reason, ultimately
     preventing her from blaming her abusers at all.  They would
     become the righteous tools in her own quest for degradation.  She
     would ultimately seek to use them in a quest to punish herself.
     The old oriental smiled inwardly, "The mind is a two edged
     sword."

     His withered hands squeezed and pinched at the soft flesh of the
     young teen's fat breasts.  He tweaked and plucked at the thick
     stubs of her bound nipples coaxing them to increased hardness
     only to cruelly pinch and twist at them.  Then he began again.
     Tiring of the cat and mouse game with her nipples he deliberately
     mauled the fat bags, digging his fingers harshly into the flesh
     as if he were kneading dough.  His fingers explored every
     variation of the inner flesh of the girl's firm fat breasts.  Her
     muffled sobs and animal like whimpers only excited him to further
     cruelty.  When he was finally bored, her sobs had become a
     sustained high pitched whine, punctuated by sobbing inhalations
     of breath through her tortured nostrils.  The milky pinkish white
     skin of her freckled breasts was splotched with red as the
     bruises from his hard fingers began to discolor.

     The old man snapped his fingers and motioned to Maria from his
     position hear the helpless bound girl.  Maria went to the table
     near the wall and returned carrying three heavy clay pots, each
     pot was suspended by three cords, planter fashion.  They
     contained varying amounts of sand.

     Hattori ran the cord up to a ring affixed to the rope supporting
     the bound bundle of pink feminine flesh.  Standing near the
     girl's head, he tugged at the cord which brought a muffled cry
     from the girl as the tension on her swollen labia began to
     upended her like a teapot, as she pivoted beneath the rope from
     which she hung.  He released the tension on the cord and she
     seesawed back down.

     "A-w-w-h-h, y-e-e-h, y-e-e-h, h-e-e, h-e-e!"  the helpless teen
     gurgled into the gag as her decent was stopped abruptly as the
     cord jerked at the livid pouch of tender flesh trapped between
     the compressed reeds.  The old man giggled as he began to tilt
     the helpless pretty thing up and down, varying the distance he
     let her travel before halting her movement with a vicious tug on
     the cord held firmly in his hand.

     The girl's muffled sobs and pitiful crying whimpers were music to
     the old man's ears.  His withered cock began to spring slowly to
     life.  Maria felt her own bottom throb in sympathy feeling the
     familiar pain from memory, memories that caused the hair covered
     lips of her vagina to begin to drool.

     The old man directed her and she picked up first one then another
     of the pots and hung them by the attached cords from the rings
     affixed to the suspended girl's nipples, the weight pulling her
     head down.  The pitiful sobs from the girl's tortured throat
     increased at this newest humiliation at the hands of the young
     indian girl.  The pain in her bound and swollen nipples increased
     under the stretching pull of the weight of the heavy weighted
     pots.  The old oriental cackled at her sobs and moans of
     discomfort as he watched the young indian slut hang the third pot
     from the helpless girl's bound labia.  Maria then set about
     transferring and adding sand to the pots till the moaning form
     was once again suspended level.

     The dark eyes of the old oriental pervert gleamed as he looked at
     the twisted piece of living sculpture he had wrought.

     Sandra's body formed a milky white crescent, framed with the
     tight brown wrappings of the coarse hemp encasing her torso, arms
     and legs.  The pale skin of her freckled shoulders was a reddish
     hue from the tension on the tortured joints as her arms were
     drawn back and formed a perverted hemp wrapped steeple over her
     arched back.  Like the forstay of a mighty sailing ship a cord
     ran to the top of the girl's forehead and ended with the twin
     metal tines embedded deeply in her nostrils pulling her head back
     at an acute angle, her pale neck forming a graceful curving
     column of pink white flesh.  Her darting tearful green eyes lent
     a measure of animation to the sculpture, her cheeks bulged out
     from the bulk of the gag filling her mouth.  The tight hemp
     wrappings around her chest hid the finely sculpted ribs clearly
     visible through the blue veined nearly translucent skin drawn
     tightly across her ribcage by the arch of her muscled back.  Her
     heavy pendulous breasts hung fatly between the compressing
     wrapping around her chest.  The blotched white flesh of her
     breasts was stretched to points by the heavy weighted pots hung
     from her tightly wrapped nipples.  The flat plane of her stomach
     was pulled tight by the upward arch of her thighs, her vivid red
     pubes bristling.  Her pale thighs were accented by the tight
     wrappings above and below her knees, holding the long spreader
     bar securely in place, as it forced her knees a bone cracking
     distance apart.  The dark red brown flesh of her anus and swollen
     thick meat of her clamped labia shone redly between her splayed
     thighs, pulled cruelly downward by the weight of the heavy sand
     filled pot.  The arch of her body was completed by her tightly
     wrapped ankles pulled up over her back to join her wrists,
     drawing her fleshy buttocks tight.

     Stepping to the girl's head, the old man began to fumble at the
     front of his filthy soiled trousers.  His eyes watched the wide
     green eyes of the girl.  The thick hooks embedded in her nostrils
     prevented her from seeing what was going on just beneath her
     chin.

     "You look so pretty missee.  You are such a good leetle slut for
     me....you like no?  You let old Hattori do these things cause you
     like, no?."  he droned above the girl's pathetic whimpering sobs.
     He could see the confused denial behind the girl's wide green
     eyes.

     "I have someting for you for being such a good slut toy for old
     Hattori.  You like?"  he said in a wheedling voice as he tugged
     on the cord upending the helpless bundle of pink flesh.

     Sandra was a drift in a sea of pain, the tattered shreds of her
     humanity were being blown away in the maelstrom of sensations
     that seared her senses.  The agony in her shoulders and hips had
     filled her brain, dulling it as endorphins anethsitized her
     ravaged nerves.  Only new agonies pierced the veil as pain found
     new untrodden pathways to her brain.  Her pretty green eyes,
     swollen, spouted an endless stream of tears as her distended
     mouth groaned a litany of piteous whimpers.  Her tortured brain,
     starved for answers, cast aside reason and found answers to her
     unremitted agony in herself.  Unanswered questions rang in the
     black cavern of her despair.  "Oh god, what have I done that you
     would cast me into the hands of such madmen?"  only silence
     echoed her deperate cries.  Was not one of her captors a servant
     of god?  She had failed somewhere, god had forsaken her, she was
     somehow at fault.  She begged for the pain to stop, pleaded in
     heartfelt prayer to a pitiless god.  In return she received more
     pain, pain to bombard her dwindling senses, pain to punish the
     vile being she was convinced existed within herself, pain to
     drive her to a low beastial plane.

     Her green eyes widened as she felt her world teeter.  Her ears
     barely heard the mocking words before her eyes met the waiting
     monstrosity that projected from the old man's loins.  The pain
     shrouded brain of the young teen barely registered the object
     before her, faintly felt it's hideous touch as the old man
     carefully rubbed the blunt leaking snout of his erection cock
     across the pale skin of her freckled face.  She moaned with
     newfound humiliation as he varnished her pale skin with the rank
     emissions of his knobby cock.  The old man snorted with
     excitement as he grasped the helpless girl's short red hair
     steadying her head as he painted her fair skin with his foul
     discharge.

     The whimpers of the helpless girl changed to the old man's
     listening ear.  Starved for sensations other than searing pain
     the foul touch of his scaberous rod seemed a soothing caress to
     the scourged and pathetic girl.  The gurgling whimpers turned to
     mews as his rank slime felt like a medicinal balm in her
     distorted reality.  His withered balls churned pulling tight in
     their withered bags as sperm boiled.  He glossed the young
     womanly teen's full lips with the leaking fluid and watched with
     glee as her green eyes lit with gratitude..  A sigh and a grunt
     issued from his rotting mouth and he thrust his skinny hips
     forward as a yellowish fountain of rancid sperm vomited from the
     laughing mouth of his cock.  Thick viscous ropes of sperm lashed
     the helpless girl's upturned face, clotting her eyes and parted
     mouth.  The warm balm of his stinking seed brought mews of
     delight from the arched throat of the bound girl, her gurgles of
     delight lost in the grunts of his orgasm.  His thick stump spewed
     it's venomous discharge until his aged prostate pumped vainly at
     the empty well of his balls.

     He released his grip on her head and the cord, as he stepped
     away.  Her pale bound form see sawed back and forth, the weighted
     pots swinging, bringing new daggers of pain that pierced her
     temporary delusion of comfort.  New tears sprang from her green
     eyes with the realization of another threshold of degradation
     passed.  Tears of her lost innocence mingled with the yellowish
     drops of filth that indelibly stained the distorted mask of her
     pretty face.  They mingled to form a vile mixture of innocence
     and depraved perversion to drip from her chin like a libation, a
     grotesque and obscene offering to her pitiless god, her moans
     like some sick religious chant filled the silence of the church.




     Chap 46

     The old priest watched from the shadows as the old oriental man
     and his gibbering son worked their magic on the poor young woman.
     He felt his cock twitch in the hot wet confines of Maria's mouth.
     The sexual power he felt overriding any sympathy he might have
     felt for the innocent womanly teen he had delivered to the
     clutches of the old oriental pervert and his son.  As the young
     Bolivian woman gorged her mouth with his black cock, he watched
     as the pale pink form bound in a reverse hog tie, teetered up and
     down beneath the rope suspending it from rafter.  His eyes moved
     from the helpless girl to the giggling form of the young man,
     sprawled on the solid table positioned near the pretty girl's
     face.  His ears heard the melange of sounds, the sobbing gurgles
     from the girl's throat, the boy's inane laughter and the liquid
     sounds from their union.  The padre's eyes followed the curving
     arch of the oversized prong of flesh that projected upward from
     the boy's pelvis and ended in the pretty girl's mouth.  The old
     oriental man stood on the far side of the table pulling on the
     cord that controlled the seesaw motion of the bound girl.  Every
     tug on the rope connected to the swollen knot of clamped labial
     flesh sent her bound red head down stuffing her gaping mouth with
     the boy's vein wrapped cock.  With every dip the heavy weighted
     clay pots clomped on the floor only to be jerked up and hang from
     the young girl's thickly swollen nipples.  The fat orbs of her
     breasts hung heavily, distorted and stretched from the heavy
     weight.

     The Padre's dong surged in the Maria's mouth as he saw where the
     redhead's tears streamed down her face wetting the dried crust of
     dried sperm that caked her smooth freckled skin.  Her wide green
     eyes welled with tears, uncomprehending, confused and devoid of
     reason like those of a small animal.  The twin hooks in her
     nostrils pulled her head and neck back in a painful arch, leaving
     her mouth agape like a willing cunt, a cunt the boy now eagerly
     fucked.  The priest's balls churned and his corrupt sperm frothed
     at the sight of the boys cock glistening with the tears and
     spittle of the unwilling girl.  The padre noted that the boy's
     cock was merely filled a gaping hole.  The girl didn't show any
     of the enthusiasm of her sister or Maria, not yet at least.  He
     would allow the training to continue, Hatori and his son could
     continue their games.  He leaned his head back and a sigh rumbled
     in his throat as the village puta's small hand pumped his thick
     cock as she forced her head between his fat thighs, her eager
     mouth ovaled to capture and suck at one of his plum sized balls.

     Sandra's mind was clouded by the numbing pain coming from every
     corner of her body.  When the ball gag had been removed by the
     old man her mouth merely hung open slackly, the pooled spittle
     dribbling down her chin.  Her confused brain to addled to even
     feel gratitude.  If it had it would have been short lived as a
     giggling young man nude at the waist sprawled on a table to
     position himself beneath her pretty blank face.  The pretty girl
     felt his hand in her hair as he pulled her face up to wedge the
     reddish head of his weeping cock between her full gaping lips.
     The blunt invader pressed down on her newly freed tongue filling
     her mouth with an unfamiliar musk.  Suddenly a new pain filtered
     through the drumming cadence of agony as she dipped down and the
     fat tube of blood and gristle slid across her tongue and plunged
     into her throat.  Spittle dribbled from her mouth as the prong
     plunged in and out of her throat with each plunge of her head.
     She felt nothing, not revulsion, not anger, only surrender.  The
     overwhelming pain had locked her in a cocoon of indifference.
     She was lost, theirs to use, a waif adrift in a world of perverse
     torment that seemed intermidable.  Her wide glassy eyes streamed
     tears as the plunging rod forced her throat to convulse trying to
     expel the foreign invader.  Her spittle flowed from her slack
     lips to coat the shimmering shaft of flesh and trickle down to
     grease the tight pouch of the young retard's balls.

     "Fuckee, suckee, fuckee, suckee!"  the young dolt chanted as he
     abused the young woman.  With a grunt and a sigh like that of
     escaping steam, his swollen prong began to spew it's sick thick
     load of yellow seed into Sandra's throat.

     "Glug-g-g-g, kha-c-c-k."  she gasped and croaked as she choked on
     the thick white clots of sperm, sucking it into her nasal
     passages and spewing it out her flared hooked nostrils.  Twin
     streamers of sperm jetted from her nose like strings of off-white
     snot to hang obscenely on her upper lip as the boys demanding
     cock continued to impale her spasming throat.


     Her eyes were glazed and hunger ate at her guts, as she licked at
     her cracked lips.  The snapping jaws of the male dogs had driven
     her from the food bowl for the last several days.  Rachel nursed
     fresh bites from her last attempt to claim her share of the table
     scraps placed in to the pen.  She sighed under the renewed pangs,
     her hunger growing each day under the demands of the nursing pups
     as they fed at her mild swollen breasts.

     The cur stood in the shade at the end of the pen, drool and water
     dripping from his flews as he walked away from the water bowl and
     flopped down in the dust.  The other dogs had been taken by the
     cook, and they had disappeared with him into the jungle followed
     shortly by Escuela the cooks wife, with the noon leftovers.  The
     remaining cur had eaten his fill and the bowl still was a quarter
     full.  It had been days since she had eaten, the three male curs
     wolfing the leftovers from the couples table.  The cook had come
     for one of his late night visits and she had eagerly sucked his
     greasy smelly dong to a thick yeasty climax, only to hear his
     wife's laughing voice from the darkness.

     "Enjoy your meal, yanquee puta, that is all you will get to eat
      tonight, my leftovers, ha ha ha!"  She had continued to suck his
      slimey cock unaware that the drippings were from the foul fat
      woman's cunt.  Her guts knotted with hunger as the memory faded
      to be replaced by the figure of the cur lying in the dirt.

     Driven by courage born of need, she raised herself and began to
     crawl on filthy hands and knees toward the cur, hobbled by the
     wrist and ankle ropes.  Every movement set her heavy engorged
     breasts swaying beneath her gracefully swayed back, her lean
     buttocks rippling with the effort.  The crucifix hanging from her
     pierced clit swung between her sleek thighs, tugging and jerking
     at her large clit.  She shook her head in futile refusal as the
     little demon of her clit awoke.  The brass bells hanging from
     distended nipples which projected from the pebbly surface of her
     darkly swollen aureoles nearly touched the ground as her heavy
     breasts swayed from side to side like stormed tossed lanterns as
     she crawled.

     The cur lay on his side his mangy head tucked beneath a raised
     leg, as he busily licked his hairy balls.  His head snapped up as
     he heard the scuffing as the young woman crawled toward the food
     bowl.  An ominous growl rumbled in his throat as his wet flews
     raised to reveal the sharp points of his teeth to the girl.
     Rachel stopped, her nervous blue eyes flitting between the menace
     of the growling dog and the dregs of food that remained in the
     bowl.  Her small pink tongue licked nervously at her plump dry
     lips as her dulled brain vainly tried to think.  Her desperate
     scared eyes caught the a wisp of red between the cur's legs, and
     were drawn like a magnet to the bright red point of the cur's
     cock as it peaked out of it's hairy sheath.  Her breath caught in
     her smooth white throat, as her empty aching womb pulled tight in
     her bottom.  The hot embers of arousal in her clitoris fanned
     into flame at the sight of the thick tube laying heavily between
     the cur's legs, hidden in it's hairy sheath.  A forlorn moan
     escaped her lips as her arms and legs began to propel her toward
     the cur, her hungry eyes lingered on the remaining nourishment in
     the bowl as she crawled away.  The gnawing hunger in her stomach
     was slowly replaced by the hot lust growing in her bottom.

     The cur ceased growling as the girl crawled away from the bowl.
     His dark eyes watched her with curiosity as she crawled to him
     with lowered head.  The pretty blonde had learned from experience
     and lowered herself to her elbows 6 feet from the male cur and
     crawled the remaining distance with her head down, nearly resting
     on her forearms.  The girl's pretty face was nearly hidden by the
     matted strings of her dirty blonde hair, her eyes darting between
     the strands, careful not to meet the eyes of her master.  She
     pushed herself forward with her dirty toes, scooting her elbows
     along as she inched toward him.  She groaned and whimpered with
     arousal as her heavy fat breasts breasts dragged across the rough
     ground, dirt sticking to her milk wet nipples.  The pretty girl's
     nose flared as she smelt the heavy stench the dog.  Her clit
     tingled as her feral instincts took control, unconscious
     olfactory memories relating the smell with past pleasure.  Her
     animal instincts signaled her body and her empty cunt gushed as
     it pulled tight, wetting her swelling vaginal lips as they pursed
     and parted in preparation for her master's dong.

     The male cur lay as he was as the girl groveled before him.  She
     groaned in frustration as her achingly empty cunt throbbed with
     greedy need.  A wailful moan escaped her lips as she groveled
     the last few feet forward and buried her head between the hind
     legs of the reclined beast.  The cur's massive brown head turned
     and watched with indifference as the blond head of the pretty
     girl rooted along his belly.  Blinded by animal lust the pretty
     teen slid her pale face forward, her pink kittenish tongue
     leading the way like a perverse probe.  The lingual slug of her
     tongue found the cur's dormant rod where the slender point of
     it's lower edge peaked out of it's hairy sheath.  The beautiful
     girl grunted like a greedy sow in delight.  Her greedy left hand
     snaked forward to grasp the heavy tube of canine flesh and
     lovingly retracted the soft sheath to expose a generous length of
     the glistening pink tube to her ovaled lips.  Her lust went full
     bloom when the tangy taste of the cur's dong filled her mouth as
     she greedily licked the thick yellow icing of smegma from the
     mouth of the retracted sheath and lathed her tongue lovingly
     along the length of the cur's dong.  The experienced fingers of
     her hand slid the hairy sheath back to the twin nodules of his
     dormant knot, exposing nearly the full glorious length of her
     master's cock.  Her blue eyes were glazed with lust as they raked
     the length of the slumbering dong.  Their skin burned and flushed,
     her empty cunt cramped with desire as her left hand caressed the
     hard meat of the unswollen knot, remembering how it's like had
     filled and stretched her greedy cunt only the night before.  With
     an animal-like moan she dipped her head turning her pretty face
     to the left to fit her ovaled lips around the fat girth of the
     cur's heavy dong.  Her clear pale cheek rested on the warm belly
     of the reclining beast, his coarse hair pricking her ear as she
     scooted her face forward as she tried to swallow the length of
     the cur's masterful rod.  She ground and scraped her fat tits
     into the hard earth, receiving a measure of pleasure from the
     self inflicted discomfort.  Her mind screamed not enough.  The
     pretty teen wormed her right arm back beneath the full bags of
     her breasts to the swampy pit between her thighs.  Her
     conscienceless fingers grasped the leash of chain that dangled
     from her clitoris and began to pull and jerk the fat finger
     toward release, like a reluctant pet.

     Her buttocks stood proudly on her sleek thighs, and waved from
     side to side in hungry impatience.  The telltale sheen of her
     excitement painted her swollen labia with guilt as her worn cunt
     milked itself for her master's pleasure.

     "M-m-m-m-h, u-h-h-g-g-g-h!!", she grunted around the bestial dong
     stuffing her greedy mouth, as a leprous climax roiled through
     her diseased nerves.  She happily forced more of the cur's
     swelling dong into her clasping throat as her left hand stroked
     and milked the thickening tube.  Her mouth began to fill to
     overflowing with a mixture of semen from the cur's leaking cock
     and her own excited saliva.  The scalding fluid leaked from the
     tight seal her lips made on the beasts vein wrapped prong,
     dribbling hotly down her small smooth chin.  She forced the
     cock's soft sheath down and behind the hard ball of the cur's
     knot freeing the length of his heavy shaft.  Giddily she was able
     how raise her head a bit and swallow even more of the cur's
     leaking cock.  She paused long enough to clear her mouth with a
     groan, swallowing the thick reservoir of fluid that leaked past
     her lips, delighting in the taste as the hot fluid formed a warm
     puddle in her flat belly.

     Above the liquid sounds coming from her slobbering mouth could be
     heard the laughter of her two keepers.  The fat husband and wife
     watched and laughed as the beautiful young American played the
     whore to a mangy Bolivian cur dog.  The couple's laughter and
     vile degrading words were lost in the roar of lust in the
     beautiful teens ears.  Rachel knelt in her own wilderness of
     lust, all rational thought lost in a tempest of animal desires
     and need.  Her green eyes lay riveted on the swelling hardness of
     the cur's knot only inches from her greedily sucking lips
     suctioning around the fat dong.  Only animal thoughts filled her
     once reasoning brain.  Her mind fought to forget, but her willing
     body remembered.  Remembered the feel of the thick tube of canine
     flesh filling her young cunt and battering again and again
     against the sensitive stump of her ripe cervix.  It welcomed the
     memories of the tight fullness of her greedy womb, awash with hot
     sperm trapped behind the swollen knot filling and stretching to
     near bursting the distended throat of her cunt.  Her body
     gratefully recalled the feel of hot bestial sperm running down
     thighs as the engorge knot slipped from her stretched cunt like a
     plug.  Her vile instincts had no recollection her of her black
     degradation as her violated womb vomited it's vile contents in a
     futile attempt to cleanse itself.  Nor her humiliation as the
     slimy dregs dripped from her thickly swollen gasping labia, and
     canine sperm launched assault after assault on her human ovum in
     futile attempts to cross the species divide to create a mutant
     bastard offspring.
     
     The greedy young girl took no heed as the fat cook opened the gate
     and returned the other two cur's to the pen.  The beautiful
     girl's lips pumped up and down the slick swollen shaft of
     the cur's shaft like a machine.  She paused only briefly
     when she felt the hairy forelegs of the largest cur wrap
     jealously around her hips.  
     
     "H-m-m-m-m-m!!", she moaned.  Her lips stretched tightly in
     a smile around the red shaft filling her mouth as she felt a
     heavy swollen shaft against the back of her right hand.
     Releasing the leash affixed to her clitoris, she happily
     guided the thick gray dong of the large cur into the
     open wet and welcoming mouth of her upturned cunt.  A
     shuddering gross climax ran through her as she once again
     leapt into the black void filled with putrescient pleasures.
     She groaned with greedy delight as her body climbed toward
     another orgasm driven by the hammering of the thick
     blunt snout of a bestial dong against her violated cervix.




     Chapter 47


      Hatori had finally succumbed to the lure of her helpless white
     flesh.  His wizzened cock hard with lust-heated blood, demanded
     quenching, a demand he could no longer deny.  "Yes", he thought,
     it was time, time to validate his total power over her.  He would
     prove to the young american slut that there was no going back,
     only the future was open to her, her past life was dead.  The old
     man fumbled with the front of his pantaloons, pulling his rigid
     cock free of the dirty cloth.  He stepped to the bound pale pink
     figure and untied the cords securing the spreader bar between her
     knees.  He ignored the babbling from his son, as the muscular
     mixed breed youth swabbed his semi-hard cock around the girl's
     tear stained face.

       "Fuckee, suckee, you like?"  he babbled over and over as he
     tormented the bound girl, her sobs merely quiet shudders as she
     hung suspended from the rafter.

     The old japanese stepped between the girl's alabaster thighs,
     cranking her legs apart as far as the coarse rope binding her
     ankles would allow.  His hard fingers dug into the soft white
     flesh of her sleek thighs just above and behind the knees and
     steadied her as he bulled his way deeper into the "V" formed by
     her legs.  Her bound ankles, drawn up and over the center of her
     arched back allowed him to push his bony form between her smooth
     thighs.  He coughed wetly, his ragged excited breath catching in
     his diseased lungs.  He spit a clot of phlegm onto his extended
     fingers to wet them.  His excited slanted eyes watched as he
     wormed two filthy phlegm coated digits between the pristine pink
     lips of the girl's vagina.

     The old man chuckled as he felt her body stiffen as his fingers
     invaded her last inviolate sanctuary.  "Soon," he thought, "Yes,
     soon, I will own all of you, my sweet puta!"

      The old man's cock surged to diamond hardness when his index
     finger encountered the slight resistance of the thin membrane.
     He nearly missed it in his lust driven eagerness.

     "No!"  he thought, "Surely the young American whore could not be
       a virgin!"  He shook with eagerness at the thought of such a
       blank slate on which to write.  Virgin clay from which to mould
       the perfect whore.  Yes, Maria had been a virgin when he had
       bought her from her father, but she was merely an indian.  This
       young pale pink thing was a norte americano, of perfect
       european stock.  All white and pink and freckled, full
       breasted, and red haired.  He nearly drooled from between his
       rotted teeth at the thought.

     "Ah, so you are a virgin my little puta!"  he said aloud.  "After
     your whore sister, I did not expect this.  It will be my pleasure
     to make you a woman, my little puta.  You are not the eager puta
     your sister is, but you will learn.  You will learn that your
     true Master is the cock.  The man or beast behind it is not
     important.  You will learn to serve and please the cock, to
     hunger for it.  You will be nothing, an incomplete shell without
     it."

     The girl barely heard the biting words uttered by the man.  Her
      mind was lost in her own private hell.  Her disbelieving eyes
      watched as the young man that had violated her mouth and throat
      rubbed his sperm dripping cock back and forth across her pretty
      young face.  The youth babbled insulting nonsense as he used the
      thick blunt snout of his hard crugel to smear the thick
      congealing slime of his spent seed across her face.  He dragged
      the leaking snout between her swollen lips to coat her small
      white teeth anew.  Her belly heaved as she relived the taste of
      the rancid wet eruption as her teeth parted under the pressure
      and her tongue darted forward in defence, only to liberate a
      blob of putrescent seed from the mouth of his cock.  She moaned
      with disgust, and relief as she felt the bone cracking pressue
      in her hips ease as the spreader bar was removed.  Her mind
      roiled with mixed feelings of gratitude and horror, and
      pitifully confused the relation.

     The old man coughed again as he scooted forward, guiding his
     swollen yellow cock toward the pink-white lips of the girl's
     exposed vagina.  The heavens cried at the sight, as the old
     yellow man guided his gnarled warted cock between the pale pink
     lips of the young redhead's vagina.  He snaked his cankered staff
     up and down between the pink unblemished flesh, coating her with
     the vile effuvium leaking from his demonic weapon in an effort to
     mimic a carnal welcome.

     The yellow head of his leaking cock caught in the narrow throat
     of the young woman's vagina.  Hattori smiled as he felt the warm
     flesh of her labia close over the head of his cock.  With a
     grunt, he grit the rotten stumps of his teeth and pushed forward.
     The suprised girl swung forward against the rigid cock resting
     against her lips.  The thick spear slid between her unresisting
     lips forcing itself deep into her throat until her arched
     forehead rested against the boy's hard belly.

      Hattori felt the forward movement of the girl cease as his cock
     butted against the throat of the girl's virgin vagina.  With glee
     he leaned his slight body into the Vee of the girl's thighs and
     was rewarded as the vice like grip around his cock increase as it
     bored inch by inch into the guts of the bound girl.  As it inched
     forward, like a blind man searching for a dropped coin, the
     sensitive nerves of his cockhead sought out and found the slight
     resistance of her maidenhead.  The old asian pervert paused
     luxuriating in the vise-like grip of the virginal flesh around
     his diseased cock.  He relaxed, like an addict upon insertion of
     the needle into a vein.  Like some pagan savage, lance raised,
     poised to impale a beseeching medival maiden, he snapped his bony
     hips forward with power belied by his wizzen stature.  His scabby
     cock lanced into the depths of the girl's last sanctuary, the
     snout of his filthy cock like a ram, rending her hymen to bloody
     splinters to debauche into the narrow temple of her womb defiling
     it for all time.  The rapine and defilement of the cathedral's of
     Eurupe by the Mongol's of old was once again played out in
     micrcosim as this son of Asia defiled the holiest of temples of
     this daughter of Europe.  The dry hot clasp of the girl's
     resisting flesh felt as though it was peeling the rough warted
     flesh from his scarred cock.

     Cherished European blood flowed at the hands of the Asian
     barbarian as his pagan lance of flesh buried itself in the
     pristine virginal flesh of the european teen.  The old man rocked
     back and forth between the girl's white bound thighs, twisting
     and turning his gnarled spear in the writhing teens guts.  Her
     hot spilt blood began to wet the tight airless seal of his tool
     in her flesh as he twisted and turned his relentless spear in her
     once virginal flesh.

	  Pain traded for pain, slight bartered for great, her
     confused mind taking the lesser for the greater with relief, even
     gratitude.  The slight piercing pain between her legs was lost
     amid relief as the throbbing ache in her hips subsided, and was
     lost in the continuing agony in her shoulders and the convulsing
     of her violated throat.  Like a speared fish she began to buck
     and jerk from the rope that suspended her as her body attempted
     to dislodge the fleshy log that plugged her throat.  The nasal
     prongs holding her head back dug deeper into the depths of her
     violated nostrils cutting and plundering her pert upturned nose
     as her movements caused the hard steel to imbed itself ever
     deeper.

     Sandra's wide green eyes teared anew and flames of panic consumed
     her mind as her lungs fought for air against the thick hard flesh
     that blocked her throat.  The gleeful babbling of the youth fell
     on panic deafened ears as her pink lips scrabbled against the
     coarse black pubes that nestled like a vile demonic halo around
     the base of the boy's soaring shaft.  Her throat spasmed and
     jerked in a vain attempt to dislodge the evil prong.  She slipped
     into oxygen starved blackness never feeling the rythmic stabbing
     of the blood stained spear between her pale white thighs.

     Masculine grunts and moans of pleasure filled the rectory as the
     father and son labored at the violation of the young woman.  The
     young pale-pink form hung suspended belly down between the two
     sweating men, pale arms drawn over her arched back elbows bound
     together, to join her ankles as the two sadistic buried their
     hard cocks in her unresisting body.  The squelching of the
     youth's engorged cock as it plunged into the young woman's
     bruised throat could barely be heard above his constant obscene
     babbling.  His father labored silently between the white
     alabaster thighs, his hard fingers leaving livid red furrows in
     her flawlessly smooth pink-white flesh.  The serpentine eyes of
     the old pervert watched with libinous glee as the pretty young
     woman's violated flesh clung to the cankerous surface of his
     bloodied shaft.  The tender flesh of her recently virgin labia
     kissed and caressed the rough and bloody surface of his cock
     drawing itself elastically across every sinous vein and warty
     knob on the putrid rod with each withdrawl.  It's painful passage
     lubricated only by her own drying blood and clots of diseased
     phlegm he periodically coughed up and spat on his blood streaked
     asian cock as it pistoned in and out of her pink flesh.

     No sensations of pleasure seeped into Sandra's brain.  To her
     agony addled brain pleasure was but pain and degradation of a
     lesser magnitude.  Slowly in begrudged gratitude, her cunt began
     to lubricate the passage of Hattori's invading cock.  Like the
     tribute paid to the barbarian hordes of old, her body gave
     reluctant homage to the demanding cocks that proved to be her
     master.  Cloying strings of saliva drooled from her mouth to hang
     from her smooth chin as one swollen cock plunged in and out of
     her slack mouth, her tongue lolling limply beneath the punishing
     rod.  Guilty wetness began to sooth the old man's pillaging dong,
     a libation poured forth by the vanquished in tribute to the
     conqueror.

     Sandra hung suspended, her tortured mind devoid or reason,
     aware only of variations of her torment, reason smothered beneath
     a cloak of sensless consciousness.  She was but a lump of
     unresisting flesh for the use of the two men.  Her young naive
     mind had been pushed beyond it's rational limits by the ceaseless
     torment and pain.


     The sounds of the surrounding jungle were lost beneath obscene
     liquid sounds.  Rachel savored the taste of the hot bestial seed
     as it flooded her gluttonous mouth.  She forced her swollen lips
     downward to form a tight seal in front of the cur's blood
     engorged knot for a brief instant before she began to choke on
     the geyser of thin hot sperm.  She drew her lips slowly back
     along the delightfully thick animal dong feeling the rough veiny
     surface scourge the tender inner surface of her lips.  She
     stifled a heady giggle as she felt the thick log pulse again and
     again as jets of hot seed spewed from the blunt tip to fill her
     mouth to overflowing.  She gurgled as the hot filth filled her
     ravenous mouth, washing over her teeth and tongue, ballooning her
     cheeks.  Her throat spasmed as she swallowed, desperately trying
     to clear the mixed swill of the cur's hot sperm and her own
     saliva from her overflowing mouth.

     There was no hiding the beauty of the girl.  Not even the layer
     of filth caking her pale skin, the scratches and bruises could
     hide the obscene beauty of her abused body.  Her ample hips
     shifted beneath the weight of the cur that jealously clasped her
     hips with hairy forelegs as he mounted her.  The cur's thickly
     muscled hind legs pranced and danced between her trim calves as
     his hindquarters rythmically drove his heavy red cock in and out
     of the splayed cunt she offered him with aminal energy.  The
     beast's large head was outstretched over her downward sloping
     spine, his deep chest moulded as one to the smooth marked skin of
     her back.  Her heavy milk laden breast jounced and giggled
     beneath her with every impact of the large dog against her
     upturned bottom.

     The pretty girl moaned with pleasure around the bestial cock
     filling her mouth.  Her drooling bottom clutched at the second
     wrist thick cock as it hammered against the defiled stump of her
     cervix.  The heavy cross, sign of her shame, swung between the
     ivory columns of her thighs suspended by the thick ring piercing
     the base of her enormous evil clitoris.  Sated with degradation
     she her body sought more as she ground the fat engorged bags of
     her scarred breasts against the dried dirt floor of the pen,
     scourging her raw swollen nipples as they oozed milk.  Her
     scurrilous dripping cunt suckled along the foul length of the
     bestial cock in obscene mimicry of her mouth as she sucked and
     slurped at the spurting tip of the second animal dong.

     The thick girth of the center of the cur's heavy tapered cock
     stretched the tight oval of her lips as she drew back to suckle
     on the last few inches of the pulsing hose.  The little pink worm
     of her defiled tongue explored the veiny grey red length of her
     masters dripping cock.  Her her heart filled with giddy delight
     as her wide blue eyes beheld the swollen knotted length of
     pulsing bestial flesh that was her god.  The pretty girl's smooth
     cheeks hollowed as her mouth voraciously sucked a the pulsing
     dong in lust driven hunger.  Her free hand pumped the beast's
     hairy foreskin up and down the length of the dripping tube.  The
     glistening tube of bestial meat throbbed before her coveting blue
     eyes.  Her perverted world was ruled by this thick blood engorged
     appendage and it's kin.

     A long low moan escaped her clamped lips as she felt the swollen
     knot of the second cur battering against the swollen ringed lips
     of her slobbering cunt.  An excited arm reached back between the
     liquid filled bags of her swaying veiny breasts.  Her nimble
     practiced fingers found the swollen ball of the second cur's knot
     and pressed it into the eager hungry mouth of her dripping cunt.
     The elastic riven mouth gaped in protest and surrendered as the
     large ball of hard canine flesh bulled it's way into the once
     treasured confines of her now beggarly womb.




     Chapter 48


     The girl no longer hung suspended in the dark room, rather she
     now stood on shaking legs.  The room was lit only by a single
     flickering lamp on the table near her.  Her arms were still bound
     behind her, wrapped from wrist to shoulder with coarse hemp.  A
     length of cane was securely lashed to the backs of her ankles
     effectively spreading her feet and hobbling her.  The large
     freckled bags of her plump breasts projected from the rope
     wrappings around her chest.  Her arms extended behind her at near
     shoulder level, making her stoop forward.  A single rope lifted
     her arms back and up toward the overhead beam, passed over it and
     ended wrapped tightly in the fist of the old oriental standing
     behind the girl out of sight.  She was held in the grasp of what
     the Jesuits of the Inquisition called the the Strappado.  She
     stood stooped at the waist, her large pale freckled breasts
     hanging pendulously beneath her, each red nipple projecting from
     their puffy fat aureoles were captured in the constricting grasp
     of a slit in a flat section of split bamboo.  The old man had
     secured each in place by wrapping cord around the bamboo on each
     side of the distended nipple, compressing the two edges of the
     split on her swollen nipples like a vise.  The muffled gurgling
     moans and screams of the young woman had long subsided as the
     piercing pain in her breasts had turned to a dull ache but the
     pain in her shoulders was all consuming.  A slight tug on the
     rope sent fresh bolts of pain searing through her as the joints
     threatened to dislocate.

     Her physical pain paled to the mental anguish that robbed her of
     all reason.  The horrible acts that had destroyed her innocent
     world and changed her life for all time were for a time forgotten
     in a mind that sought to remain sane by blotting out what defied
     reason.  The unanswered questions she had asked of an empty sky,
     the deliverance she had pleaded for never came.  So she had found
     solace in answers from within herself.  The emptiness her
     desperate mind filled in she found only more dispair as reason
     warred with faith.  The god she loved had forsaken her because of
     her own weakness.  She was the source of her torment.  It sprang
     from within.  Her degradation and pain began at her own hands,
     her own "free will" and were just punishment from the god she
     loved.  God's will be done.  "No!", her once rational mind had
     screamed out, she never deserved this.  No loving god could
     condone or allow this to happen to an innocent.  The thought that
     her well loved god could allow this pierced her to her very core
     her as surely as the young half-breed's oversized cock.  Before
     the veil of denial descended over her young mind, her mind's eye
     conjured up the obscene vision of her beloved celestial father,
     his billowing beard filth flecked, tongue extended from between
     wet lips, slouched on his throne on high, an omnicient pervert.
     His flowing robe bunched at his waist, his omnipotent hand
     stoking the gargantuan swollen cock that projected from between
     his skinny thighs, as red rimmed eyes beheld all the rapine,
     degradation and death that he allowed for his amusement.  Her
     beloved god, the omnicient voyeur, sat flushed with mastabatory
     glee as he too misogynistic delighted in the deflowerment of
     young virgins by sadistic perverts, and the torture and pain of
     innocents.  She watched in horrific facination as his hand slid
     up and down his cosmic rod, all the while two white robed golden
     haired angels, crouched between his thighs, one lapping at the
     oversized knob of his cock, the other sucking and licking his
     majestic balls.


     She shook her pretty tear stained face in an attempt to rid
     herself of the obscene imagery but only succeeded in distorting
     her face as the nasal tineswere still deeply embedded in her
     small pert nose.  A cord connected these to her bound wrists,
     pulling the girl's red head back, arching her neck.

     Livid welts and imprints marred her legs from where the hemp
     bonds had cut into the flesh of her legs while she had been
     suspended.  The finger marks across the pale flesh of her thighs,
     from the old asian's efforts were turning to faint blue blotchs.
     The the inner planes of her thigh's were wet with the remnants of
     the rancid filth of the old man's corrupted seed, as it dripped
     obscenely to the floor as though her violated womb sought to
     purge itself of evidence of it's defloration.  Occasionaly a
     thick clot would vomit forth in a viscous string to land wetly on
     the stained wood floor between her splayed feet.

     Tears wet her freckled cheeks as her vacuous mind reeled, the
     dull ache of pain blunting her brain.  Her jaw hung slack, her
     plump sperm clotted lips parted in pain induced idiocy.

     Her head jerked at the new sound, dislodging a string of
     congealed sperm from her small chin to drip to the floor.

     He green eyes widened, with hope or horror one could not say, as
     the young man step from the shadows into the light.


     The old Padre watched Hattori and his son at work.  He felt the
     log of his cock twitch beneath his black cassock as the old man
     tormented the pinkish-white form of the young woman tugging her
     arms upward inflicting excrutiating pain.  His eyes devoured
     every inch of the pale freckled form.  He watched as the youth
     lumbered forward, the yellow log of his swollen cock swaying
     heavily between his muscular legs.  The Padre chuckled as he
     watched the youth hold his cock toward the girl as if in
     offering, as his father released the upward pressure on the
     pretty girl's arms.  A slight hesitance by the girl brought a
     hard upward tug on the rope.  Soon she was sucking the swollen
     head of the boy's cock.  He eagerly watched as the strong hands
     of the oriental idiot explored every inch of the unresisting
     girl.  The girl learned quickly, he thought with satisfaction.
     But then any animal did after being broken.  She stood docile,
     broken, compliant, the only sound that of the boy's labored
     breathing and the liquid sounds coming from her sucking mouth.
     No longer any tears.  The constant pain and degradation of the
     last several days, the unanswered questions, the conflicting
     emotions had conspired to turn her into a meek cow.  A lump of
     compliant flesh for her two tormentors to use and to share.  The
     myth of her free will was extinguished, as her life was now in
     the hands of a new god, a god of flesh and bone.  A god no more
     callous and unfeeling than her etheral one, but this one had a
     cock of demanding hungry flesh.

     Her only succor in her pain and degradation had been the soothing
     touch of a cock.  Her addled brain decided this totem of flesh
     she would now serve and worship as her deliverer from torment.
     Torment she deserved, she admitted in her confusion, "God had
     ordained it."  she thought.  She needed and welcomed the
     chastisment to earn her way back to his favor.  "No!"  the last
     threads of reason shreaked, "You did not deserve this!'.  The
     flash of coherency stopped her lapping tongue and hollowed lips,
     only to be met by blinding pain as the old oriental jerked upward
     on the rope.

     Satisfied, the Padre turned and walked from the room.  It was two
     days to the Army camp.  Rachel had serviced the soldiers long
     enough.  He had many miles to travel before night.  His thick
     black cock twitched at the thought of the spectacle he left
     behind him.  He walked into the bright sunlight, the day's heat
     already rising.  A few strided brought him to the horse and he
     slipped his hand beneath the Indian girl's loose fitting top his
     fingers feeling the sweat that coated the smooth skin of the
     heavy globe as he squeezed a fat dangling breast.

     "M-m-m-m-h!"  the girl moaned.

     "A-h-h-h, Maria, we must hurry.  he said as he rolled her pebble
     hard nipple between his fingers.  "The day is long and we have
     many miles before our first stop..."  he said with unmistakable
     meaning.

     Behind them in the dark confines of the rectory, the stooped
     pinkish white form of the girl rocked beneath the shuddering
     thrusts of the young mongloid's cock.  The pretty girl's slack
     lips emitted faint grunts as the thick vein wrapped shaft
     stretched the mouth of her abused cunt.  The long yellow length
     buried itself deeply between the pink lips of her red fringed
     labia.  The meaty knob of the invader caromed again and again
     against the once pristine nub of her cervix to gouge into the
     back wall of her vagina with bruising force.  The dull naseating
     ache in the pit of her young stomach melded with the other
     continuous agony she endured.  The raw elastic mouth of her cunt
     spasmed around the rythmic thrusts of his thick post as her
     torment continued.




     Chapter 49

     She brushed back the errant strands of blond hair with an annoyed
       flick of her perfectly  manicured hand.  The scarlet red of her
       nails  matched the gloss on the  perfect  bow of her lips.  The
       tall woman let out a sigh  through her pursed lips as she stood
       on the dirty  platform, her eyes looking down the rails for the
       late train.  The  American  stood out in the  milling  crowd of
       indians and mestizos.  The tan safari  outfit they had sold her
       at Neiman  Marcus was  beginning to show the stains of sweat as
       she stood in the sweltering  heat.  Genevieve  Falwell  gritted
       her dainty teeth in frustration  and cursed first her prickless
       ex-husband and then her daughter for the necessity of her being
       here.  She  seethed  as she  thought  of  Sandra  her  youngest
       daughter  and how she had run off on a lark to find her father.
       He was out saving the heathen  world from  damnation,  with her
       oldest Rachel in tow.  "The prickless bastard and stupid slut!"
       she though.  "Now he had lured Sandra, her youngest to join his
       senseless mission too!"

	She tapped her  fashionable  hiking boot in impatience  as she
     raised a manicured index finger to the side of her perfect Morgan
     Fairchild  nose catching a bead of  perspiration  before it had a
     chance to drip.  She  sighed  again  heavily  causing  her  large
     breasts to rise and fall beneath her khaki shirt.  Genevieve  was
     the culmination of perfection,  that is all the perfection  money
     could  buy  and  modern   cosmetic   surgery  could  provide.  In
     fairness,  she had  always  been a very  attractive  woman,  only
     advancing  years  and  vanity  had made her go under  the  knife.
     Strands  of  highlighted  auburn  hair  stuck to her  clear  damp
     forehead.  A pert nose  separated  aqua eyes that could  impale a
     man and stop him dead in his tracks or bid him  hither  and drive
     him to flaming  lust.  Her high cheeks  accentuated  the  curving
     line of her jaw, and the plump  luscious  lips could split into a
     welcoming  smile or wilt a man with a blood curdling  sneer.  The
     tailored  khakis  disguised  her figure  but  little.  The mature
     former model's hour glass figure was obvious.  The wide shoulders
     narrowed  to a small  waist, and  swelled to  rounded  hips.  The
     expanse of her chest filled the khaki top to bursting,  the under
     wire  supported  shelf of flesh  dropping  away to a flat stomach
     that curved gracefully to a narrow plain between her thighs.  Her
     long legs, tanned and sleek, were bare from mid thigh to the tops
     of her socks, the product of hours on the tennis court.

       An annoyed  smile  touched  her lips when she heard the distant
     whistle from somewhere  down the tracks.  "At last!"  she thought
     as she turned to retrieve her backpack and carry-a ll..

     Unseen brown eyes followed her every move as she  shouldered  her
     bags.  The short brown man in the sweat stained cloths  watched a
     while longer before  bulling ahead of several  people  waiting at
     the ticket  window.  He flicked  open his  bi-fold  to reveal the
     gleaming gold shield of the Policia Especial Bolivianos.

     "Rapidamente, d nde va la mujer americana?"  he growled.

     The  cowed  clerk  stuttered  that she had  bought a  ticket  for
	    Robore, and asked about accomodations there.

     "Tres boletos entonces, para Robore."  he said.

     "Bueno, gracias."  he sniffed, wiping a thick brown finger across
      the thick black  moustache that covered his lip.  He turned, his
      eyes boring into the woman, undressing her as she stood.

     "H-u-h" he grunted with  appreciation  as he turned to gesture to
	two other  similarly  dressed  men.  They  quickly put out the
	cigarettes  they had  been  smoking  and  hurried  over to the
	Inspector.

     "Si  Senor,  que  es  sus  ordenes?"  the  tallest  said  with  a
			 deferential nod.

       "We will be going  to  Robore  to  investigate  allegations  of
     smuggling."  he said  matter of factly as he handed  them  each a
     ticket.

     "As you know, we turn a blind eye to los  campesinos  bringing in
       the odd  television  or stereo from Corumba  across the border.
       However,  we have word  that  criminales  and los  druggas  are
       bringing in large  quantities  of goods.  We shall  observe for
       ourselves  and report to the govenor  militar  local in Robore.
       He paused.  "That is if he is not involved."

     The wail of the approaching  trained drew their  attention as the
	 people  on the  platform  seemed  to move as  one.  His  dark
	 malevolent  eyes sought and found the tall American woman and
	 his thick lips drew back in a tense  smile.  "Veremos  lo que
	 veremos."  he said aloud.  "We shall see, what we shall see."



     The old man's cock  throbbed  as he pulled  the pale pink form of
      the young  American  girl  across the table.  Her  vacuous  eyes
      stared and she grunted as she was pulled  forward till her bound
      body  was  centered  on  the  coarse  wood.  Her  ankles   waved
      helplessly  in the fetid air of the room  still  hobbled  by the
      bamboo  spreader bar.  She groaned as the split bamboo  pinching
      her  distended  nipples,  red almost to  bleeding,  were  mashed
      beneath her swollen breasts by the weight of her bound torso.

     Hatori felt his cock surge from his feeling of power as he looked
       at the young girl  lying on the  table.  Her red head was drawn
       back by the tight cord strung  between her nasal  tines and her
       bound arms.  A few words to his imbecile son and the girls head
       was  locked in the boys  muscular  hands.  The old man's  hands
       trembled with  excitement  as he pried the  unresisting  girl's
       mouth open and gripped her wet tongue  with the dirty  cloth he
       held in his bony  fingers.  The old  pervert's  cock swelled at
       the sound of the pretty  pink  girl's  squeals as he pulled the
       pink lingual digit out as far as he could.  While his imbicilic
       son giggled, his nimble left hand slid the tongue clamp, formed
       by the two  halves of a length of  bamboo,  over the  squirming
       worm of the piteous  girl's  tongue.  When he stepped  back the
       clamp  securely  gripped her tongue the twin edges of each half
       digging  into the wet flesh.  It looked like a bridle of sorts,
       extending past the corner of her mouth and shoved back into the
       hinge of her jaw.  The old man's cock surged again as he looked
       at the girl's  distorted  face,  reminded of the  guardian  dog
       statues  used to scare  away evil  spirits  at home,  kneeling,
       tongues extended from a snarling mouth.

      He snarled a word to the boy as his wizen  form  waddled  to the
     hearth in the adjoining  room, the heavy meat of his cock swaying
     between  his bony legs.  He quickly  returned.  The  pretty  pink
     girl's red head began to thrash in the  strong  grip of the boy's
     hand as her green eyes saw the  glowing  skewer in gripped in the
     old Asian's hand.

     "Hokay,  hokay, my prittee, I make quick.  We makee you my animal
     favorito,  how you say, my pet?  You belong to Hattori  now.  You
     see you be velly happeee.  He gripped the girl's extended  tongue
     with a cloth  gripped in black nailed  fingers, as the other hand
     guided the smoking skewer to the center of her plump pink tongue.
     The boy's  arms  flexed at the sound of  sizzling  flesh.  A high
     wailing  moan tore from deep in Sandra's  throat as the  sizzling
     metal bore  through  her tongue in a cloud of greasy  steam.  She
     gurgled in pain as the tip ate through the center of the fat pink
     slug just in front of the septum  beneath.  Hattori  smiled as he
     ran the hot  length  of the  skewer  back and  forth  in the hole
     cauterizing  and  enlarging it as the did so.  His cock  throbbed
     with each jerk and twitch of the  girl's  futile  struggles.  The
     greasy steam abated and the metal cooled, quenched by the melting
     flesh of the girl's tongue.

     The skewer  clattered to the floor,  dropped by the old man as he
	      waddled back between the girl's splayed legs.

     "You can finish, my son.  Fix the ring in place, while I pleasure
       my new pet."  he chortled  as he slicked  the warty knob of his
       swollen cock between the sperm greased slabs of the girl's pink
       labia.  A satisfied  groan rumbled in his throat as he sank the
       length of his  yellow  cock into her  splayed  young  cunt.  As
       ordered  the  young  boy slid a thick  brass  ring in the  hole
       piercing  the young  teenage  girl's  tongue.  Pliers in strong
       young hands  crimped the ring closed as the hunched bony figure
       of the old yellow man  labored  in the pale  notch of the bound
       American teens thighs.


     The Padre could smell the stench before he saw the cause.  "Madre
      di Dios!"  he said as the horse  rounded the narrow trail and he
      saw the first  moldering  corpse.  The heavy air droned with fat
      flies as first one then another of the mounds of dead flesh came
      into  view.  The  bodies,  stripped  of  anything  useful by the
      rebels were now only stinking greasy piles of writhing  maggots.
      The old Padre  crossed  himself and traced the sign of the cross
      in the air as a pitiful benediction to the dead soldiers.  Their
      "souls" long departed, replaced by the stinking cloud from their
      rotted  earthly  remains  that  hung  heavy  in the  air.  Maria
      covered her mouth with the hem of her thin dirty dress, recently
      stained  with the black  Padre's  sperm as it dribbled  from the
      splayed lips of her well used young cunt.  The Padre  coughed as
      the thick cloying  cloud of rot hung in the humid air,  invading
      his mumbling  mouth.  As he gave an impatient wave of his arm as
      he nudged the horse  forward.  The young  indian girl  followed,
      her plump breasts jiggling and woggling  beneath her loose dress
      to the tinkling of her whore's bells as her horse hurried along.
      The old Padre  could  feel the bile rise in his  throat  as they
      passed the piles of rotting humanity that lined the trail.


      The clack of the train along the tracks lulled the passengers in
     the crowded passenger car.  Genevieve sat at the window, her gaze
     watching  the hills in the  distance.  She never  noticed the man
     lean  close to the ear of the woman  sitting  next to her.  A few
     whispered  words and the indian  woman  gathered  her  things and
     disappeared insearch of another seat.

      The  Inspector's  leering eyes crawled over the exposed  rounded
     flesh of the American woman's exposed  cleavage.  He already felt
     the tendrils of possessiveness weeding their way into his twisted
     mind.

       "Disp nseme  se ora, es usted de los estados unidos?"  he said.
     He smiled with satisfaction as the woman jumped at the unexpected
     sound of his voice.

     "What?, I mean, Soy  arrepentido  que yo no hablo el espa ol.  Do
	     you under stand?"  she said in a nervous voice.

     "Oh, yes, I  understand."  he said with a chuckle.  "I understand
       English  perfectly."  His greasy  lips  split in a smile at the
       attractive  woman's  nervousness.  He knew that the hunter must
       establish his dominance  over his prey from the start or it was
       not much of a hunt.

     "What happened  to the lady  that was  sitting  there?"  she said
	   bewildered and angry that she had lost her buffer.

     "Oh, the  Senora  asked to change  seats to closer to a member of
      her  family."  he said with a  sincere  smile.  "If my  presence
      bothers you I will move...."

	"No, no  that's  okay.  I was only  startled,  you  know...not
     expecting  someone else."  she said a faint smile turning her red
     lips.

       "You are a long way from  home, no?  Joining  your  husband,  I
     suspect, our country is full of oil men from the Stados  Unidos."
     he said already having noticed the empty ring finger.

     "No, I am looking for my daughter.  She came down her for a visit
      without telling me.  Teenagers!"  she said with her best attempt
      at an exasperated  smile.  The  attractive  woman's mind already
      calculating  how she could use her new  acquaintance.  'yes I am
      far from home.  I will be staying in Robore  until I can  locate
      her."  she said turning  toward the dark man, aligning her ample
      cleavage with his gaze.

     "I too will be staying in Robore!  Maybe I can be of  service  to
       you.  My name is Alfredo  Torquemada."  he said  extending  his
       hand.

     "Nice to meet  you, I am  Genevieve  Falwell."  she  said  with a
	  plastic smile as she shook hands with the spider.




     Chapter 50


     Steve Falwell laid naked crosswise on the bed leaning against the
     wall,  bare legs  splayed.  He felt a bead of sweat  run down his
     spine as he lay in the  stifling  hut.  He watched  as  Roselita
     helped the other  indian girl out of her simple  dress.  His cock
     twitched as his eyes devoured the flawless brown flesh of the two
     naked teenage  girls.  They giggled as Roselita took the other 17
     year  old's  hand  and led her to the  the  bed.  Falwell's  eyes
     etched  the image of the two  teens in his  brain.  The  innocent
     angelic  faces  framed by long  thick  black  tresses,  dark eyes
     behind which  flickered the unbridled lust of pagan wantons.  The
     The firm fat breasts, jutting out from the brown expanse of their
     chests,  the  raspberry  like  nipples  set in the dark  chocolate
     aureoles.  He licked his lips as his eyes  traveled  across  the
     soft plains of their  stomachs,  to the  rounded  hips and strong
     thighs.  His breath caught as his eyes saw the  glistening of dew
     along the fleshy  tongue of labia  hidden in the thick  thatch of
     black pubic  hair.  His mind  reeled as his  nostrils  caught the
     unmistakable  musk of female arousal.  I came to him like a thick
     rich  cloud  he  could  taste  saturating  his  senses.  Roselita
     extended a smooth brown arm as she squirmed close to his left hip,
     and wrapped her small fingers  around his swollen  white cock and
     hold it erect.  Falwell  felt a pang of guilt  lance his heart as
     he watched the young teen  extend her maroon  tongue and lick the
     soaring  column of flesh from root to tip like a youngster  would
     lick an ice cream.  Other small brown  hands  joined the first as
     another  warm brown form curled  against  his right hip to nuzzle
     and lick as his hardened staff.

     Roselita  giggled as she offered the  upraised  cock to the other
     and dipped her head to lick and suck at his churning  balls.  The
     newcomer eagerly took the weeping head of his cock into her small
     mouth and  suckled  her tongue a busy blur.  A gurgle  rumbled in
     Falwell's  throat  and his eyes  swam as the two warm set  mouths
     worked their magic.  His large hands traced the curves of the two
     girl's smooth hips and dipped into the wet crevass  between their
     sleek thighs.  He felt the hot slickness of their  excited  cunts
     as it coated his  probing  fingers.  In his  swimming  eyes their
     giggling  and  squirming  forms  blurred and paled,  smooth  brown
     becoming ivory white, glossy black became flax yellow and red.

     His  smoldering  guilt  belched  into flame as green eyes in the
     freckled  face met his.  Rachel's  plump red lips rode up and down
     his fat cock as her smiling eyes bored in to his silently saying,
     ""Oh, thank you, thank you, daddy."

     His mind bubbled with guilt as his panicked  eyes  dropped to the
     mass of flaxen hair spread  across his  thighs.  He felt the warm
     soft lips and tongue  rooting and nuzzling his balls  stoking the
     boiling sperm within.

     "A-h-h-h-h,   yes.  That's  daddy's  good  little  Sandra.  That's
     right,  just like daddy  showed  you.  That's a good  girl,  suck
     daddy's  balls."  he mumbled, the words spilling over the damn of
     guilt he had  erected so long ago to hold back the vile  thoughts
     that filled his mind when he gazed on his daughters.

     The two  girl's  giggled  at the words  they did not  understand,
     their brown eyes  searched his lust etched face for  approval and
     found it.  Their smiling  faces dipped and they  redoubled  their
     efforts as his fat fingers  probed and stretched  their  dripping
     cunts.

     Falwell  squirmed his wet fingers in the hot slick confines of his
     daughters   vaginas.  He  watched  his  cock  surge  in  Rachel's
     stretched  mouth as he played  with the  fleshy  stumps  to their
     young  cervixes.  He greedily  forced yet another  fat finger into
     the elastic mouths of their hungry bottoms  churning and twisting
     them in the dripping wetness.

     Black guilt seeped into his soul like a foul virus carried  along
     by the  overwhelming  input of his senses.  He felt the tangle of
     matted sodden hair beneath his palms, the  slickness  coating his
     fingers, the hot sucking  wetness  around his cock, and  churning
     balls.  The smell of rich ripe musk  filled his nose as his young
     daughters groveled and squirmed to please daddy.  Sperm boiled in
     his balls as he watched the red and yellow  heads bob up and down
     in sinful  depravity  all for his  pleasure.  No reason,  no self
     delusion  could  disguise the corrosive  cankers that covered his
     soul.  The writhing blotches ate away at the facade revealing the
     black scurrilous truth beneath.

     "Y-e-e-s-s-s-s,  suck it, suck daddy's  cock!!"  he moaned as his
     throbbing rod spat out a wad after wad of thick hot seed.

     "Yes,  that's it, eat  daddy's  sperm, eat it!  That's  right, be
     good  little  sluts  for  daddy.  You  know  you..uh-h-h...always
     wanted to  be...u-h-h...always  needed to be...u-h-h...to  please
     daddy!!"

     The two young women  giggled as their pagan  tongues  flicked and
     cum  stained  lips  sucked in hungry  competition.  Their  bright
     lustful  eyes shown from  glistening  sperm  slick  faces.  White
     streamers of gooey filth vomited from the snout of the thick cock
     to rain down like thick wet ropes  across  their  upturned  eager
     faces.



     Rachel grunted as Esuela led her from the dog pen, a dirty finger
     hooked in the ring in the young American  teen's nose.  The blond
     haired young woman struggled to stand.

     "No!"  the fat woman  screeched  as she sent a vicious  kick into
     the girls thigh.  "A dog slut like you cannot stand like a decent
     woman!  You will walk as a dog.  What if your many lovers want to
     use you?  You must think of them!!"  she  laughed as Rachel's  leg
     buckled sending her her back to her knees.

      The Bolivian  woman once again grabbed the ring and started down
     the dirt trail that led to the nearby  creek,  pulling  the white
     missionary girl behind her.

     "Come  along my little  perro  slut.  It is time for you to clean
     yourself, you pig!!"  the fat cook's wife spat.

     Rachel struggled to keep up as she crawled along on her hands and
     knees.  Her  fat  swollen   breasts  swayed  beneath  her  chest,
     woggling back and forth their liquid load stretching the fat bags
     till the bells  hanging  from her  pierced  nipples  dragged  the
     ground.  Rachel  could hear the pups  yapping and yelping as they
     ran along her flanks  ducking  beneath her belly dodging  between
     her prancing arms to nip at her distorted fat teats to feed.  She
     felt hot shame color her face as she arched her back to raise her
     swaying  breasts  to give  the  pups a  better  chance.  Her clit
     throbbed  when she felt the  needle  like  teeth of one lucky pup
     lock on the fat swollen  finger of a dripping  nipple.  Her pussy
     cramped  as she felt  the new  crisp  pain in her  breast  as she
     dragged the nursing pup along.

     The  depravity of the scene and her own willing  humiliation  made
     her womb  pull  tight in her  belly  and her pale  skin  burn and
     flush.  A smile came to her  pretty  face as she felt the  guilty
     squirt of lube  dribble  down the  stretched  mouth of her  filthy
     cunt.  The drops of guilty  filth mixed with the dried crust of
     canine  sperm that coated her bottom  like a layer of paste.  The
     pain in her knees and the  tugging of her heavy  swollen  breasts
     caused her pierced clit to tingle anew.  Pleasure and pain lanced
     through her  simultaneously  as the heavy cross dangling from the
     angry red digit of her thick  clit  caught  on  vegetation  as it
     swung to and fro beneath her pumping thighs.

     She  paused  for a second as a filthy  climax  rooted in her guts
     only to be jerked  painfully  forward  by the  finger in her nose
     ring.  She waddled along till they reached the edge of the creek.
     Rachel paused in confusion as Esuela walked behind her.

     "It is time for you  clean  yourself  you  filthy  pig!"  the fat
     woman  said.  Rachel's  turn of the head was cut short as the fat
     woman sent a hard kick into her exposed wet cunt.

     Rachel felt the hardness of the woman's shoe sink into the tender
     flesh of her upturned  bottom.  The hard  leather  drove into the
     turgid finger of her pierced clit  propelling  her over the bank.
     Her  hands  scrabbled  for  footing  in the thin  air as a climax
     exploded in her brain and her head plunged into the dark water.


     Her mind was a void filled with the pain.  The  piercing  pain in
     her violated  tongue cut through the  throbbing in her  shoulders
     and abused  cunt.  No rational  thought  visited  her once active
     mind as a dulling cloud had mercifully  decended on her.  Only an
     occasional  grunt had issued  from her  defiled  mouth as the old
     oriental pervert emptied his vile and hateful lust into her young
     cunt.  Hattori  squealed with relief as his withered balls pumped
     stream after  viscous  stream of yellow  puscuous  sperm into the
     young red headed teen's womb.  Finished he stood on shaky legs as
     his deflating cock slipped worm like from between the wet lips of
     the young  American's  quim.  He  snickered  as the  sight as his
     rancid seed  dribbled  from the weeping slit to dirty the fine red
     pubes that graced the girl's plump mons.

     Breath  rasped in his diseased  lungs as he ordered his  imbecile
     son to remove the clamp from the girl's freshly  pierced  tongue.
     The old man  stepped  from  between  her  splayed  white legs and
     grasping  a hand  full of red hair as the boy  fumbled  with  the
     split bamboo that imprisoned the girl's tongue.  The old Japanese
     felt his cock twitch as he gazed on the young tear stained  face.
     He knew the young  American  saw little and felt less.  He smiled
     at the sight of the distorted freckled face, the twin nasal tines
     pulling  her small nose  harshly  back.  As his son  removed  the
     clamp her tongue retracted back into her gaping mouth only to stop
     when the large  ring  clacked  into her small  white  teeth.  The
     imbedded in the center of her tongue,  the ring was large  enough
     to prevent the poor  unfortunate  from  speaking.  The pink flesh
     surrounding  the  piercing  was charred  where the hot skewer had
     pierced and cauterized the sensitive flesh.

     The old Japanese  watched for a moment as his son  shimmied  from
     his pantaloons and amused  himself by rubbing his oversized  cock
     across  the  unresisting  girl's  upturned  face.  Only a pitiful
     whimper came from the tortured  girl's throat.  Hattori smiled at
     the thought of the bestial state he had reduced the young vibrant
     woman to in only a few days.  He walked around the girl  trailing
     his bony  fingers  across the smooth pale skin.  His hand slowly
     drew across the plump mound of the girl's flawless  buttock.  The
     dirty fingers and cracked  nails of his hand  contrasted  against
     the milky freckled skin like a maggot on a white rose.

     His black eyes seemed  shine like lumps of  lustrous  coal as he
     waddled toward the adjacent room and the flickering hearth.

     "Tahio!  "Hold the girl down as we  practiced."  he said  without
     turning.  The large boy  giggled as he pushed her torso back onto
     the table and climbed up and straddled the unresisting  girl.  He
     squatted trapping the girl's head beneath his muscular  buttocks.
     Reaching  forward he grabbed the arms bound behind her and pulled
     them toward him, using her own arms as a lever to drive her torso
     into the table beneath him.

     "A-a-a-a-a-a-a-h-h-h-h, h-a-a-a-a-a-h, h-a-a-a-a-a-h!!"  the teen
     cried as one agony surpassed  another, as her arms  threatened to
     pop from their sockets.

     "Good, my son, good!!"  the old man said with  fatherly  pride as
     he waddled  back into the room, his way lit by the  glowing  iron
     grasped in his hand.  The black iron glowed red in the dim light,
     the kanji  symbolizing  his clan popped and and crackled as beads
     of sweat  dripped  from his  excited  face.  The old man felt his
     cock  thicken as he neared the  helpless  form with the hot iron.
     Only a few women had he branded  in such a way, and never a white
     woman.  He walked to a place  behind and  between  Sandra's  pale
     freckled  legs.  The old man  had  forgotten  the  power  of true
     ownership, it coursed  through him now, and inflamed his diseased
     cock.  He felt  young  again as he  planted a foot  firmly on the
     spreader  bar tied to the young  American's  ankles.  The old man
     breathed  deeply  smelling  the rich aroma of the girl's  splayed
     sex.  He  fixed  his  eyes on the  quivering  mound  of her  right
     flawless buttock and sighed.  A swift and deliberate  movement of
     his right hand  brought the glowing  red iron flush upon the pale
     quivering mound.  The skin sizzled and popped at the touch of the
     hot iron.  A ragged  muffled  shriek tore from Sandra's  tortured
     throat.  Her trapped body thrashed and jerked in agony as the old
     man bore down on the hot iron as it melted into the fatty  tissue
     of her taunt buttock.  Steam and oily smoke rose from the hissing
     iron as it ate it's way into the flesh of the trapped  girl.  The
     old  man  felt a  rapture  at the  act as  his  ownership  became
     inviolate.  The girl's life passed truly and inexorably  into his
     hands.  He sighed as his erect  yellow  cock  began to spew thick
     wads of  corrupt  seed, the dregs of his  withered  balls, on the
     backs of the helpless girl's thighs.

     The obscene  hissing began faded as he withdrew the iron from the
     new brand.  The imprint of his clan's  kanji was  clearly  burned
     into the flesh of the girl.  His bony fingers  dipped into the a
     jar of salve and smeared the soothing balm across the livid burn.
     He smiled with  satisfaction  as his  fingers  played  across the
     emblem, as broad as his palm and as deep as his little finger was
     wide.  He grinned at his son and  nodded.  The boy  jabbered  his
     idiocy as he leapt from the table  and  scurried  to  replace  his
     father between the sobbing girl's legs.

     The boy  continued to jabber and babble as he centered  his thick
     swollen rod between the girl's newly scarred  buttocks and pushed
     his  demanding  crudgel  against  the  meager  resistance  of the
     teenage girl's  sphincter.




     Chapter 51

     The blackness  swirled  around  Rachel her arms seemed to move in
     slow  motion as her mind  fought to clear  itself  as her  orgasm
     shuddered through her.  The air was filled with the evil laughter
     of the fat  cook's  wife as the  young  woman's  head  broke  the
     surface of the dark green water.

     "Clean  yourself,  you filth  sow!"  the fat woman  yelled at the
     sputtering face of the young American.  "Clean yourself  quickly,
     slut before los caimanes  find you, yes there are  alligators  in
     the river!"  she said with a cackle.

     Rachel pushed herself close to the bank and began to scrub at the
     accumulated  filth  that  caked her white  skin.  The cool  water
     soothed her raw knees and sore swollen  breasts.  Looking  around
     her nervously she scrubbed her hands over her flesh to loosen the
     accumulated mixture of dirt and dog sperm that covered her thighs
     and crotch.  Her fingers touched against the swollen digit of her
     pierced  clit and she felt  the  burning  desire  rise in her yet
     again.  Like a demented  siren song it called to her and  drowned
     out  thoughts  of  danger  in her  brain.  Her left  hand  snaked
     between her trembling  thighs to torment the projecting  stump of
     nerves.  Her right hand circled around to scrub at the scurrilous
     cleft  between  her plump  cheeks.  She  licked  her pink  tongue
     nervously at the ring  hanging  from her septum that lay upon her
     upper lip.  She  dropped  her head, her guilty  blue eyes  hidden
     behind hanging strands of wet blond hair.  She grunted as she dug
     a long slender  finger into her stretched  anus as her other hand
     plunged  its twin into her  gaping  cunt.  Beneath  the water her
     busy thumb strummed and plucked at the grotesquely swollen figure
     of her clitoris,  pulling and yanking at the thick ring  piercing
     its base.  Her splayed bent knees were seemingly  hidden from the
     gaze of the fat Bolivian woman.

     "Yes, you filthy puta,  finger  yourself.  You cannot get enough,
     eh?", Esuela said to the young woman lost in her self defilement.


     Genevieve Falwell stood under the tepid water of the shower as it
     washed the accumulated  salt and dust from her shapely form.  Her
     eyes cast a furtive  glance toward the door of the washroom.  The
     town of Robore's best accommodations was a pension that consisted
     of small rooms that opened on a tree lined courtyard.  She had to
     share a washroom  and toilet  room with the other  guests.  While
     there was a lock on the door it only  amounted to a flimsy  hook.
     She felt a mixture of satisfaction and annoyance at the memory of
     the looks she had gotten  from the four men.  They sat at a table
     in the tiled portion of the courtyard  that served as  restaurant
     and recreation area for the guests.  In the gathering dusk of the
     evening  their  collective  eyes had followed her every step from
     her room to the shower even when the  proprietor  had  arrived at
     table side with four new cold cervesas.  The appreciative  laughs
     and comments  followed her behind the closed door and her nipples
     puckered with excitement and pride.

     Reaching up she turned off the water being  careful  not to touch
     the bare  wires  that  ran  current  to the  heating  coil at the
     shower's  head.  "The  brazilian  electrocution  device", she had
     been told.  Standing wet and naked with  electrical  current only
     inches away from a stream of water did not seem safe to her.  She
     toweled off and turned to admire  herself in the  cracked  mirror
     above the filthy sink.

     She smiled to herself  as she ran her hands  under her  prominent
     long nippled  breasts.  "They were just as large and firm as that
     slut  Rachel's!"  she thought to herself,  forgetting  to mention
     the  surgery it took to make them so.  Her long  slender  fingers
     slid across the flat  stomach,  "No  stretch  marks  there."  she
     thought, "Even after two kids!"

     Her tight buttocks were a tribute to the surgeons  knife, but the
     long sleek thighs were all hers.  The tight  thatch of blond hair
     above her fleshy  labia was showing  need of a trim and wax.  She
     sighed and shivered as she  remembered  the man on the train.  He
     seemed  nice  enough  but it  angered  her that  she  might  have
     overplayed her hand.

     "Men are all alike."  she thought, "They think with their cocks."
     She shivered again as she  remembered  how his dark eyes had slid
     slug like over the  curves of her  proffered  cleavage.  "Well it
     had gotten her a ride in a  government  car from the  station  to
     here."  she reminded herself.


     Pulling on a shear robe, she  glanced in the mirror to admire how
     it clung to her every  curve.  She bundled  her cloths in her bag
     and opened the door.  Her lips took on a  seductive  smile as she
     marched into the  courtyard  assuming the role she was so good at
     playing.

     Her sandaled feet took her toward the table of men.

     "Excuse me, are you Americans?"  she cooed.

     "Born and bred!"  a young voice answered with a touch of drawl.

     "Yeah, we are down her doing some work for an oil company.  Never
     expected  to see  an  unaccompanied  American  woman  here!"  the
     mustachioed leader of the party said.

     All eyes turned  toward her as she  stepped  into the light.  She
     could see the men were playing cards and drinking.  Rum it looked
     like, straight.

     "Care for a drink, ma'am?"  a bearded voice asked.

     "Doan have any ice,  ma'am.  They turn the  electricity  off at 9
     o'clock.  That  explains  the  candles in the room if you haven't
     noticed."  said a thick southern voice from a large black face.

     "Thank you, I'd like that."  she said, leaning forward,  allowing
     her robe to gape  exposing  an ample  expanse  of damp  cleavage.
     "That is very kind of you."

     She smiled as she felt their eyes crawl  across her  breasts  and
     felt the tingle of arousal swell her labia as she teased them.

     "What brings you down here by yourself?"  the mustache asked, his
     green eyes tunneling into hers.

     "I am down  here  looking  for my  daughter."  she said  offering
     nothing more.

     The leader looked on without comment  remembering the dark man in
     the government car that had dropped her off.  "Daughter,  right!"
     he  thought.  "No sane woman  would be this far in the  jungle by
     herself."   he   thought   without   comment.   "Some   important
     government dick's mistress!"  he thought.  With money you can get
     whatever you want.  Fifteen  years in the oil business had surely
     taught him that.

     The  beard's  fat hand set a glass on the table and it was filled
     with  rum  from a  bottle  held  in the  Black's  oversized  paw.
     Genevieve's  eyes  traveled  from face to face as she  raised the
     glass to take a sip.  She  failed  to hide the  revulsion  in her
     eyes as she looked at the  sweating  hulk of the  Beard.  His fat
     sweating face was like a white pumpkin perched on a mound of fat.
     His sparse  beard still held the crumbs from his dinner,  and his
     khaki  shirt was  stained  and  spotted.  The Leader was lean and
     muscular,  with cold green  eyes.  The huge black was  polite and
     quiet.  The strong  white teeth that lit up the dark face when he
     smiled hid the true  thoughts  behind his dark  brown  eyes.  Her
     gaze  wandered to the large meaty  mounds of his biceps, the size
     of  cantaloupes.  The blond man, barely out of his teens, was the
     youngest.

     "So what brings all of you here?"  she asked between sips.

     "We're doing some field surveys for an oil  company."  the Leader
     said.  We spend  several  weeks in the  field,  then we come back
     here for a day or two.  Right now we're  just  killing  time till
     one of our local compadres comes by to collect us.  Says he knows
     a private, eh, club, I guess you'd call it."

     "Oh, then I should be going."  she said coyly.  "I have a big day
     tomorrow.  Maybe, I'll see you men before I leave.  Good nite and
     thanks for the drink."  she said as she turned and walked  toward
     her room.

     Walking  across  the  courtyard  the rob  slipped  from  her firm
     shoulders  revealing  her tall naked form She stopped  and raised
     her hands to undo her blond  hair  letting  it fall in a  cascade
     down her  shoulders.  She turned  slightly  and brought  polished
     nails up to her  prominent  breasts,  cupping them in offering to
     the table of men.  She  tweaked  at the hard  spikes  of her long
     nipples as she traced her pink tongue along the full curve of her
     bottom lip.  Her sleek legs flexed as she began to  undulate  her
     naked pelvis, exposing the coraline slit of her shaved vagina.

     The clump of her closing  door caused the fantasy  playing out in
     each man's  mind to  evaporate  as  quickly  as it came.  The men
     glanced  self   consciously  at  each  other  before  the  shared
     realization hit them that they had all been lost in variations of
     the same fantasy.

     "Gawwwd  damn!!"  the leader  guffawed.  "I don't know  about you
     guys, but I'd already fucked her three ways before she made it to
     her  room!"  This was met  with a  chorus  of  laughs  as the men
     returned to their cards.

     Genevieve  closed the  flimsy  door to her room amid the  muffled
     laughter  coming from the table.  She sighed as she thought about
     tomorrow and what she needed to do.  So far the only help offered
     had been from the dark Bolivian on the train,  Alfredo  something
     she remembered.

     She lay  back on the bed  intending  only to rest  her  eyes.  In
     minutes she drifted off to sleep.



     Rachel  crawled from the creek under the watching eyes of the fat
     cooks wife.

     "On your knees  whore!"  the fat woman  said, as she  grabbed the
     ring in the young  woman's  nose.  In  silence  the  young  woman
     crawled  naked behind the fat woman.  The full milk laden bags of
     her oversized  breasts swayed heavily beneath her.  Bells tinkled
     with every  strike of her knees  against  the hard  ground as her
     distended  nipples  waggled  their bells.  The pale mounds of her
     fleshy  buttocks  swayed as she  crawled,  the crevass of her sex
     glistening wetly around the thick metal rings lining its wordless
     lips.


     The four Americans  followed their Bolivian  acquaintance,  Luis,
     down the  dark  street  in the  southern  part of  town.  The fat
     bearded one, licked his fat lips in anticipation.  The Leader and
     the Big Black  didn't  share the  enthusiasm  of the  other  two.
     Their Bolivian  friend had described  their  destination  as they
     walked.

     Robore had a large church and it's  associated  catholic  school.
     The affluent  families sent their daughters to this remote school
     to remove them from the bad  influences of the city of Santa Cruz
     and protect  their  innocence.  As in so many  things, the intent
     was well meant, but the  execution  was  flawed.  Either due to a
     lack of interest on the part of the good Sisters of the Church in
     Robore, or through guile  unexpected  of teenage  girls, it seems
     that the young daughters of Santa Cruz were neither protected nor
     innocent.

     Luis had explained that the virtuous  young women of the catholic
     school  spent their  evenings at a small  private  club.  For the
     price of a few  drinks, a  gentleman  of means  could  share  the
     company of one or more of the girls.

     He explained  with a laugh, "Es no  bordello.  Pero los j venes y
     chicas  jugosas, how you  say...young  and juicy girls, ellos son
     c mo ellos  son, they are how they are.  For no much  Bolivianos,
     the girls might be persuaded to entertain a lonely hombre.

     The Mustachioed leader liked fresh young quim as much as the next
     guy, but shagging young catholic  school girls wasn't his idea of
     a good time.  Especially  if the girls  hadn't seen the back side
     of their 18th  birthday.  Blondie  and the Beard  didn't  seem to
     share his  reservations.  The hulking  Black  walking next to him
     seem to keep his own council.

     "Well, a few beers  couldn't  hurt.", he thought  as they  walked
     down the dark street.


     Genevieve  woke to the hard  knocking  at the  door to her  room.
     Startled  she  looked  around  herself  in the dark,  momentarily
     forgetting where she was.

     "One moment.  Uno momento."  she yelled as she struggled to light
     the candle on the stand near the table.

     Picking up the  flickering  candle she stepped to the door.  "Who
     is it?   Qui n es?"  she said through the door.

     "Senora Falwell, it is Alfredo, the gentleman from the train."

     "Oh?"  Genevieve said, her head still filled with cobwebs.

     She  unhooked  the door and opened it to the dark  man's  leering
     face.

     Before she could stop him, he pushed  past her and  stepped  into
     the small room.  Gone was the polite demeanor he had exhibited on
     the train.

     "So we meet again, Senora, under quite different  circumstances."
     the  inspector  said, his  sweating  face  shining  in the candle
     light.

     "I am glad to see you like to  entertain  your  guests  in a most
     casual  manner."  he said  with a laugh as he slid his dark  hand
     between  the  gaping   halves  of  the  sheer  robe.  Before  the
     attractive   American  could  react,  the  Inspector  cupped  and
     squeezed a heavy breast.

     Genevieve jumped and jerked away, causing the heavy enhanced orbs
     to wobble on her chest.

     "What?,...You  bastard,  who do you think you are?"  she squealed
     with outrage and anger.

     "Who do I think I am?"  he said stepping forward hand extended to
     brush  aside  the  robe  and  cup a  quivering  breast.  "I am an
     Inspector in the Policia Especial  Bolivianos.  I am a man before
     which even the local  Commandante  pisses himself."  he said with
     an evil  grin,  his  eyes  cold.  "And  you  are a lone  American
     Senora,  miles from  anywhere."  he said rubbing his thumb across
     her thick hard nipple.  "You could  disappear  tomorrow, and even
     the local Inspector might not find you...!"  he said with feigned
     innocence and a laugh.

     The  woman's  face was a mask of shock and  anger.  Her  emotions
     running between  disbelief and fear.  Her green eyes searched his
     face for a hint of jest, but saw only the dark  stoney  face of a
     man who was use to getting his way.

     The  caressing of his thumb  caused her nipples to pucker and the
     involuntary  tingle in her groin  acted  like a  catalyst  as she
     launched herself at the grinning face like a banshee.

     Snarling  she raised  her  manicured  nails as she  lunged at the
     leering face prepared to claw it to shreds.

     Out of the dark the man's hand met her snarling  face stunned her
     with an open handed  blow to her jaw and ear.  A  practiced  hand
     found the nerves  located  on the  hollow on the left side of her
     neck and drove a thumb into it.  The stunned woman dropped to her
     knees in pain as her arm went numb.  Before she could  twist away
     the man's left hand landed repeated blows to the side of her head
     and neck.  Her right arm went limp as the blows numbed the nerves
     of her shoulder.  Her face went blank as a blow found the carotid
     artery.  A muted grunt told the  Inspector  that his prey was now
     in his control.  He released  her neck and caught her by the hair
     with his right hand before she fell forward.

     "H-m-m-m-m, not so feisty now, eh, Senora?"  he asked mockingly.

     As he held her head up he slammed  his open hand  across her face
     repeatedly as her dazed eyes stared up at him.

     "Now  Senora,  I, will tell you how  things  will be for you from
     this day forward."  he hissed, his sweating face only inches from
     hers.  "You will join the other putas in my collection.  You will
     earn me mucho  Bolivianos with the pretty body you have paid for.
     But first, I will teach you how a whore  should  behave  around a
     real man.  I will teach you how to give men pleasure.

     Looking  down at the dazed woman he pulled her robe down over her
     shoulders  to the bend of her  elbows.  She raised her green eyes
     upward  blazing with hatred and felt the jarring  pain of several
     more blows from his palm and the back of his hand.

     "Puta!  You were not given permission to raise your eyes to me!!.
     Understand  this whore!  You have no choice.  You see it is this,
     or life in the Prision Federal Boliviana for drug smuggling."

     He hooked his right fist into her solar plexus  doubling her over
     as her paralyzed diaphragm refused to function.

     He laughed  as he  unbuckled  his  trousers  and  pulled  out his
     hardened cock.  The thin brown skin of his foreskin was stretched
     over the large  swollen  knob,  allowing  the slitted tip to peek
     out.

     "My beautiful  American  whore," he said with a wheedling  voice.
     "You will learn to love a hard Bolivian  cock!  You will learn to
     love to suck them and to take them in your pussy and ass.  I will
     see that you get all you want.  I know  many men who will  desire
     to use that lovely body of yours."

     With that he reached  down and  grabbed a fist of hair and pulled
     the  gasping  woman to her feet.  He turned her around and pushed
     her face down on the small  bed.  Holding  her down with his left
     fist in her hair, he lifted  her robe and kneed  his way  between
     her splayed legs.

     Releasing her hair he used both hands to push the thin robe above
     her  fleshy  womanly  hips  to  expose  the  pale  mounds  of her
     buttocks.

     "I see you like the sun, no?"  he said  noticing  the  bikini tan
     lines that framed the firm  mounds.  He ran his hands  admiringly
     over the smooth  flesh  before  dipping  into the dark hair lined
     crevasse  beneath them.  The blond head began to raise in protest
     as he wormed two  fingers  between  her labia.  The quick blow to
     the back of the  attractive  woman's  head  quelled  the  budding
     protest.  He grabbed her hair and pulled it back  stretching  her
     long smooth neck.

     "Whack,  whack" the blows rang in the small room as he struck her
     face and ear.

     "Do not presume  whore!"  he snarled.  "You are nothing more than
      la carne  sexual...how  you say,  a-h-h  yes, sex meat.  You are
      nothing  but sex  meat  to me.  MY sex  meat."  he  said  with a
      laugh.

     Genevieve's pride and defiance lay in tatters on the floor of the
     small room.  She found it hard to think, the pounding ache in her
     head and the ringing in her ears.  He heart throbbed in her chest
     as the  implications  of the dark man's  words  began to sink in.
     She  squirmed to free her arms from the twisted  robe as she felt
     the man's hands running over her smooth skin.

     A grunt of protest escaped her lips as she felt his thick fingers
     worm their way into the dry mouth of her  vagina.  "My god!"  she
     though.  "No, this bastard  isn't going to do this!"  she thought
     as  she  pushed   herself  up  from  the  bed.  A  stunning  pain
     registered  in her head just  before her eyes  rolled  upward and
     darkness decended on her.

     The  Inspector  watched  the  blond  head  sag  forward  after he
     delivered the sharp blow to the back of her neck.  "White  Putas!
     They never  learn."  he thought.  Every  white  whore he had ever
     taken,  whether a tourista  from los  Estados  Unidos,  Canada or
     Europa, they always thought they could fight their way free.  The
     women and girls from Bolivia or other sudamericano  counties were
     more compliant.  Their good church  upbringing."  he thought with
     a laugh.

     With a shrug he skinned  his rigid  cock, spat on clot of spit on
     his fingers and liberally greased the large swollen knob with the
     saliva.  Shuffling forward he slicked the purple knob up and down
     between  the  fleshy  lips  of  the  unconscious   woman's  labia
     searching  for the  throat of her cunt.  A grunt of  satisfaction
     signaled  success.  He  leaned  forward  over the  limp  form and
     slowly  forced his thick brown shaft into the tight  confines  of
     the woman's cunt.  His  mustached  lip curled in a wet grin as he
     luxuriated  in the  heat of the  woman's  unresisting  flesh.  He
     sighed as the pressure  lessened  signaling  the elastic  tissues
     were  expanding to fit his girth.  Leaning  forward he wormed his
     free hands under the  unconscious  woman's  chest until each hand
     was filled to overflowing with the silicon inflated mounds of her
     tits.

     Gripping  the fat orbs for  leverage  he could  feel the her long
     hard  nipples  gouging  his  palms.  Closing  his dark  eyes, the
     Inspector of Secret  Police  began to pump his cock deeply in and
     out of the unconscious  woman's womb.  The small room filled with
     the sound of his heavy breathing as he gouged the tender flesh of
     the woman as his  throbbing  cock  lanced in and out of her.  The
     two men flanking the outside of the woman's room in silence  gave
     each other knowing  glances.  Their  throbbing  cocks waiting for
     their turn.




Chapter 52

     The small court yard to the squat building was dark, decorated by
     a large tree surrounded by a ring yuccas.  The thick walls of
     adobe brick muffled the sound within.  What seeped out to the
     ears of the five visitors was a low drone.

     The short dark figure mounted the covered porch and knocked on
     the thick wooden door.

     "Abra Roberto me mand."  he said as he leaned forward and spoke
     to the small closed opening in the center of the door.  The a
     beam of light flared in the darkness as the small window opened a
     space followed by the sound of a heavy bolt sliding.

     The door opened abruptly and a thick arm beckoned them enter, the
     door closing quickly behind them.

     "Veo que Roberto nos ha mandado algnos hombres del norte."  the
     burly doorman said with a booming laugh.

     "S, y dice a las seoritas jugosas ellos tienen mucho dinero
     para gastar tambin."  the dark guide said in return with a
     laugh.

     "What did he say?"  The fat bearded one asked the Leader.

     "He said that Roberto somebody sent four horny Americans with
     lots of money to spend to defile the young women of Bolivia."
     the mustachioed leader said.  "Or close to that.  So keep your
     hands on your wallet, and don't flash too much cash, even in
     private."

     The Doorman waved an arm as the narrow hallway opened into a
     spacious room lined with booths and tables.  A small bar was
     situated in one corner half hidden by a small crowd of young
     women.

     Mustache looked over at the tall burly Black and grinned.
     "You're all on your own."  he said heading to a secluded table.

     "Hot damn!"  the Fat Bearded one said as he waddled his sweating
     bulk toward the bar and the crowd of young women followed by the
     Young Blond.

     "Just like a stateside tittie bar."  he thought as he pulled out
     a chair.  "A bunch of pretty young girls playing dress-up,
     thinking they are all grown up because every swinging dick they
     see wants a piece of their ass."

     He was shaking his head as the Big Black pulled out a chair and
     sat down.

     "Not quite what I was expecting, how's bout you?"  the Big Black
     growled.

     "Yeah, I don't want to feel like I'm fucking somebody's little
     sister, ya know?"  he said motioning to the bar.  "I guess they
     don't have the same compunctions..."  he said as a squeal of
     laughter erupted from the direction of the bar.

     The Big Black turned in time to see Fat Beard pull his hand from
     between the plump cheeks of one of the scantily clad school girls
     to the amusement of the goosed girl's friends.  Recognizing a
     payday the bevy of girls at the bar broke up only to congeal
     around the two eager Americans.

     The girl's had traded their pleated skirts and knee socks for
     their interpretation of a Victoria Secret model.  The Black and
     Mustache watched the crowd of females, all quivering buttocks and
     jiggling breasts beneath whatever filmy fabric they had found,
     topped by clouds of dark voluminous thick black hair.  They were
     in all sizes from short to tall, slim to thick, the mixed
     heritage of Indian, Inca, and Castilian.

     "Well, maybe after a few drinks..."  he said with a wink to his
     companion.  His eyes noting the darkness of a pair of nipples
     here and a dark thatch of pubic hair there.  Even in the dim
     light of the quasi-club the week coffee pigmintation of the girls
     was unmistakable.  He saw the Fat Beard motion in their direction
     and two girls cut themselves from the pack and headed toward the
     table.

     "Hola puede yo le obtengo una cerveza?  Uh..Excuse me, Can I get
     you a beer?"  the attractive teen said with smiling dark eyes and
     a halting voice.  The second girl, short, dark and wide hipped
     stood mute letting her friend do the talking.

     "Gracias, dos cervesas, y dos Singani, por favor.  You speak very
     good English."  Moustache said with a grin, his white teeth
     showing in the dark.

     She nodded looking a little embarrassed and headed toward the
     bar.

     "I wonder what their mothers and fathers think they are doing
     right now?"  big black said shaking his head as his eyes watched
     the shivering buttocks as the girls walked away.

     "Well, whatever it is, its' not this."  he said.  He watched as
     the two collected their drinks and returned to the table.

     He pulled out a chair and Big Black did the same, letting the
     girls decide where to sit.  With demure smiles the girls sat
     down.  The short girl chose Big Black and quickly pulled her
     chair next to his and without preamble lifted his massive arm and
     pressed herself against his chest, smiling up at his massive
     face.

     "Here's to international relations."  Mustache said raising the
     glass of Singani.

     He slid his beer in front of the the girl and she quickly lifted
     the glass, the clink of the four glasses followed by their
     mingled laughter.

     Mustache cocked his head to down the Singani and jumped at the
     touch of the girl's slender hand on hid inner thigh.  His choking
     sputtering brought another round of laughter from the table.

     "This had the makings of a wild night."  he thought with a grin.



     The fat cook watched his wife lead the pretty anglo girl toward
     the house.  His fat stump of a cock twitched and began to swell
     as he watched the madonna-like form of the defiled girl crawling
     behind his fat toad of a wife.  He clenched and unclenched his
     fists in frustrated arousal at the sight of the heavy milk
     engorged bags swaying beneath her as she crawled.  The late
     evening sun glinted off the brass rings at her nipples, nose and
     cunt.  He flexed his cock as he remembered the engulfing
     tightness and liquid heat of the young American's eager cunt.
     His mind reeled at the memory of her wanton cravings beneath the
     hands of the barracks full of young soldiers.  All their secret
     fantasies were before them, An anglo princess for them to defile,
     each bearing balls brimming with eager sperm, and she drained
     them all!!  His tongue licked at his fat lips at the memory.
     Soon the Old Priest would return to take this lovely vision away,
     but not before he created new memories to paint over the face of
     his repulsive wife as he emptied his balls in her scabrous cunt.

     He opened the door for his waddling wife and watched as she
     tugged the pale young missionary into the center of the room by
     her nose ring.

     "Sit, puta!!"  she said punctuating her words with a kick to the
     firm thigh of the pretty young American.

     The pretty young American grunted from the pain, as she dropped
     to her haunches in the center of the room, her clean flesh
     giggling and quivering with the effort.

     Rachel's eyes flitted between Esuela and her husband in
     confusion.  She wanted to please, but was lost in confusion at
     not knowing how.  Her thick clitoris burned with arousal from the
     tugging and pulling of the heavy cross which hung suspended from
     the thick ring that pierced it's thick base.  Squatting on her
     haunches, her fat breasts hung heavily on her narrow chest, the
     veiny balloons wobbled liquidly on her chest with each excited
     breath she took.  The curved lines of her ribs stood out, the
     weight of her monster udders stretching the alabaster skin of her
     torso taunt.

     The fat cook looked on the long thick fingers of her pierced
     nipples with envy.  The long swollen paps were distorted from the
     nursing of the hungry pups and leaked wetly.  The white
     nourishing fluid leaked from around where the thick brass rings
     pierced her thick nipples, the sensitive flesh was puckered,
     stretched by the thick ring.  Milk dripped down to decant along
     the chain hanging from each thick nipple ring, the weight of her
     whore's bells seemingly un-noticed by the rigid engorged
     projections of flesh.  He watched with excited disgust as the
     beautiful defiled and debased teen allowed her ample bottom to
     settle on a dirty heel, her hips squirming, churning the wet
     sopping gash of her cunt to a froth.  The slut's hooded blue eyes
     shifted about in nervous embarrassment as she strove to bring
     herself to a filthy climax.  Whether her embarrassment stemmed
     from her own disgusting display of excess or the uncontrollable
     secretions of her over ripe breasts, the fat cook could not say.

     For his own part, he felt his balls churning and tingling between
     his thick thighs, the swollen stump of his cock hungering for the
     release of the pretty young slut's eager cunt.

     Rachel clasped her fat lower lip between her teeth, the large
     nose ring touching her chin, as she felt the gut wrenching climax
     beginning in her belly.  Her sleek arms stiffened, hands clasping
     her trim thighs, mashing her fat fluid swollen udders together
     forcing the thick blue veins radiating from her swollen engorged
     nipples into vivid relief.

     Two yapping pups stood at her thighs, jumping and whining as they
     attempted to capture the thick nipples on her swaying breasts.

     Her fleshy hips squirmed mashing her leaking cunt harder against
     her upturned heel.  Her eyes rolled and her breath shallowed as
     the entity born of her own perversion grew like a bastard child
     in her belly, blossoming, ever larger until it pushed all thought
     from the dregs of her mind.

     The girl radiant in her debauched beauty, felt delicious pain as
     the needle like teeth of the pups clamp onto her thick swollen
     paps, the dogs pulling and sucking on her engorged udders.
     Rachel wallowed in her sick depravity, craving ever more.  Her
     sick depravity was it's own reward, she moaned and shuddered,
     rocking on her haunches, as her dirty reward coursed through her.
     A small pale hand searched blindly, desperately for the chain
     hanging between her thighs, finding it, tugged and pulled in
     demented torment of her swollen clitoris, in an effort to prolong
     her filthy climax.

     Lost in her demented world of lust, the poor ripe young woman
     never noticed Escuella disappear into the adjacent room.

     The memories of her clasping wet cunt were still fresh in his
     mind, he was unable to control himself any longer.  The Fat Cook
     scuttled forward, his hand fumbling at his dirty pants.  As he
     moved they dropped from his bloated brown belly in a tangle
     around his feet.  Never slowing he kicked himself free to stand
     in front of the beautiful overripe American, naked from the waist
     down.  His fat pudgy hand fisted his fat swollen stump of a cock,
     skinning his thick foreskin.  The thick brown shaft of his short
     cock seemed to be alive, it's surface writhing with dark pulsing
     veins at the girl's unholy display.  His wealth of foreskin
     bunched behind the thick swollen cap of it's vermilion head.  A
     thick drop of liquid lust oozed from it's wordless mouth as if
     the demanding appendage was drooling in anticipation.  Planting
     his feet apart he shuffled forward on thick hairy legs and thrust
     the broad wet cap of his cock against the moaning girl's soft red
     lips.

     Rachel felt the familiar touch of cock flesh against her lips and
     reveled at the electric sensation that coursed through her.  Her
     greedy body responded without thinking as her teeth released her
     full lip and her welcoming lips pursed to kiss the weeping snout
     of her rigid new master.  Her practiced pink tongue snaked
     between her pursed lips to lap the delicious slime that leaked
     from the fat old man's cock.  The beauty cooed as her mouth
     filled with the hungered for taste that weeks before would have
     raised her gorge.  The missionary's mouth opened in welcome as
     her small chin fell open to admit yet another serpent into her
     defiled Eden.

     "A-h-h-h-m-m-m-m-m-h" she moaned impatiently as she forced her
     pale face forward to greedily swallow the thick pole.

     The Fat Cook leaned back as he grabbed the pretty American by her
     blond hair pulling her face against the underside of his bloated
     gut.  He gritted his teeth as the delicious sensation strove to
     overwhelm him.  He wanted to possess her, this treasure of
     defiled beauty.  He wanted to destroy her too, as to never lose
     her.  Never again would he, a poor fat little man have the power
     to possess such a beauty as this young hungry slut.  His ball
     boiled as he thrust his thick cock deeply into the girl's
     welcoming throat.

     Rachel moaned around the thick plug of flesh that stretched her
     overfilled mouth.  A vague shadow of who she once was crossed
     her, the hint of tears formed at her eyes only to be forgotten as
     her small pink tongue crawled along the underside of the veiny
     spear easing it's invasion like some perverted Quisling.  She
     forced her pale white face against the thick vein covered rod in
     self degradation wanting it all.  Her lifted giddily as she felt
     the coarse hair of his groin scourge the smooth skin of her chin,
     nose and cheeks.  Her pierced nose flared at the strong masculine
     stench of his unwashed crotch as she felt her thick clit buzz and
     twitch as it swelled anew burying the old Rachel once and for
     all.

     Snorting with effort, her breath blasting into the Fat Cooks
     soiled pubes, the beautiful teen nursed on the length of the
     thick cock embedded in her throat.  The marred smooth surface of
     her arched white back glistened with a patina of sweat as she
     labored to please the fat old man.  Her young supple muscles
     knotted and writhed beneath her Nordic skin as she struggled to
     please the fat old peasant.  His brown hands wrapped in her blond
     tresses the Cook drilled his cock into the young blue eyed teen's
     unresisting mouth as he pulled her face against the bloated hairy
     surface of the underside of his belly.  Her small pale hands
     busied themselves selfishly as one caressed and coaxed his
     churning scrotum resting on her clear smooth chin.  The pretty
     girl's other hand was hidden between her own sleek splayed
     thighs.  Her tiny digits played against her clit like a depraved
     virtuoso, scratching, pinching and pulling at the swollen demon
     with chipped and broken nails.

     Rachel worked her tongue against the delicious pole of flesh that
     filled her mouth.  Her clouded blue eyes raised to search the
     sweating dark brown face.  She wanted to please, needed to
     please.  Only them could the demanding demon between her legs
     give her sought for release.  She ground her swampy cunt against
     her upturned heel and pulled her torso up against the piercing
     pulling teeth of the nursing pups.

     "A-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-h" , she groaned as her demonic clit
     swelled once more to bursting the electric acid sensation in her
     belly blossoming once again.  She ground her face against the
     sweating surface of the Fat man's swollen gut as she debased
     herself for him.

     The Fat Cooks hooded eyes watched the beautiful defiled girl.
     The sight and sensation of her pale form as she gobbled his cock
     in hungry desperation pushed him over the edge.

     The practiced wanton new of his impending climax before the old
     man.  Her experienced fingers felt the swelling surge of his
     balls as they reverently cradled the heavy pouch of wrinkly skin.
     The young slut quickly grasped the thick shaft of his bursting
     cock in her slender white fingers, withdrawing her mouth to seal
     her puffy lips tightly around the mushroom like head.  Her tiny
     white hand pumped the brown fleshy shaft as her greedy mouth
     sucked thick white streamers of sperm from it's slotted mouth.
     Like a depraved hungry child she sucked the viscous clotted slime
     in great thick ribbons to fill her ballooning cheeks.  Her
     angelic face beamed as she swallowed the thick wads by the
     mouthful to form a warm liquid puddle in her flat empty belly.

     The Fat Cook looked down through the haze of orgasmic lust to see
     the Madonna of his dreams kissing the foul Serpent of Eden.
     Their eyes met, her blue eyes his soul as she smiled in depraved
     gratitude, her swollen red lips parting, to reveal the perfect
     pearls of her white teeth, bathed in the thick paste of his
     clotted sperm.  Her pink tongue snaked out to lap the last thick
     streaks of his congealing spunk from his wilting cock.  His brown
     eyes watched with sick fascination as the pretty young teen
     labored to capture the last of his spent dregs.  He closed his
     eyes and sighed as he listened to their labored breathing and the
     wet gobbling slurps of the pups as they nursed at the swollen
     nipples that capped the huge veiny bags of her overfill udders.




Chapter 53


Genevieve drifted in the darkness of terror, her arms flailed slowly in 
the  dark waters that were drowning her.  She reached out desperately
for  the  solid hope she felt with her searching hands.  "She would
live!", her starving brain silently cried as her  groping  hands grasped
the firm columns above her head. Reaching up as she  struggled  to open
her eyes, the columns of her salvation turned to bare hairy legs topped
by muscular masculine  buttocks.   Her pleading eyes opened to a topsy
turvy world her throat searing as  she  fought for breath.  The
attractive blonds bleary eyes struggled to focus on the dangling bag of
wrinkly masculine  flesh that hung before her eyes.

Alfredo stood bandy-legged at the edge of the bed his hands  mauling 
the  silicon inflated mounds of the Anglo whore.  The ivory wedge
footprint  of a  small bikini was painted across the   smooth mounds and
her crotch.   The  contrast of the large silicon  firm breasts against
her tanned torso  begged  for attention.  His strong fingers mauled the
fleshy mounds rising from  the  plane of her chest as he fucked her
unresisting mouth.  She lay on her on her  back  head dangling from the
bed.  The brown vein encrusted column of his  rigid  cock bored deeply
into her throat, stretching and distorting her full lips.  He grunted as
her suddenly groping hands  signaled that she was regaining
consciousness.

     'U-h-h-h!"  he groaned through gritted teeth as he ground the  
root of  his cock against the attractive woman's lips, the length of his
cock  fully  sheathed in her throat.  The officer of secret police
leaned into her, pinning her head between cock and  mattress  edge.  
His lips curled in an evil grin as he watched her  body buck and 
thrash, her  hands grasping at the back of his thighs and buttocks as
she fought for air.

     He slowly began to withdraw the thick cudgel from her ravished 
throat  as he sadistically pulled and twisted the long nipples that
capped the  gravity defying mounds on her chest.  He listened  patiently
for a gasp  of  breath as his long rod cleared the  struggling beauty's
airway, then  snapped  his hips to sadistically drive the staff of flesh
deeply into her still  convulsing throat.

     Blind panic and horror filled the attractive woman's mind as she 
fought  for breath.  Unable to move her head, she scrabbled and grabbed
in  futility  at the firm hairy legs that trapped her.  Her throat
convulsed as she tried to scream, her chest bucked and heaved in  an 
effort to expel the horrid plug of flesh that was  killing her.  In her 
frenzy she never felt the mauling of her perfect breasts as the
Officer's strong hands raised bruises and welts  across the once perfect
surfaces of her vanity's pride and joy.

     The hair covered fullness of the wrinkled pouch hung over her 
surgically perfect nose obscuring her sight.  The few glimpses of  
hairy leg  went un-noticed as the attractive woman struggled to breath. 
Alfredo's  dark  eyes watched with amusement as the tanned trim ribcage
heaved as her  burning  lungs gulped helplessly for air.

     Tiring of the game, the brutish officer pulled his dripping cock 
from  the woman's scoured throat grabbing a fist of her bleached hair as
he  did  so.  He pulled the supine woman to a sitting position and
twisted her roughly around.  She whined in confusion  and  pain  but
turned compliantly preventing her saloned hair from  being pulled  out
by  the roots.

     The Officer pushed and pulled her to a sitting position on the 
bed's  edge.  His rampant swollen cock jutting out like a conductor's
baton,  mocking her.  She raised her blue eyes hesitantly from the
dripping monster and their eyes barely met  before  his  free right hand
struck her a stinging blow first against her left cheek  and  again
against her right on the back swing.

     "So you see fit to join me once again."  he said with a malicious 
grin.    "You should only have eyes for this!", he said jutting his
naked hips  at  the woman.  Genevieve's face burned as her eyes stared
at the obscene prod that danced before her face dripping with  her own 
saliva.

     "Yes, this is your new master Senora Falwell!  You will learn to 
look  only to him, to do his bidding for his pleasure!.  This puta is
your  new  life.  Show me that you understand and are a good whore!" 
"Now suck"  he  said grabbing her hair and guiding her mouth to fat head
of his waving  cock.

     Genevieve Falwell reached forward to catch herself her hands 
landing  against the muscular legs of the Inspector.  Her slight cry was
muffled  as  the fat fleshy head of his rampant cock parted her lips and
bulled it's  way  between her perfect pearl like teeth.

     Si, puta, bueno, now suck like a good whore."  the Inspector 
chortled  as he felt the first hint of suction around the tip of his
rigid prong.

     The beautiful woman dropped her jaw to accept more of the 
threatening  man's thick rod.  Compliantly she closed her full lips
around the thick  staff feeling it's pulsing veins against her wriggling
tongue.  Her smooth tanned cheeks hollowed as she  sucked  obediently at
the thick prong her mouth involuntarily filling with  saliva.   She
wanted to scream as her body behaved like an obedient dog pushing  her 
full firm breasts against her violators thighs.  Tears welled in her 
eyes as  her movement brought pangs of pain from both her raw leaking
anus and  stretched and abraded vagina.  She felt the wetness of his
slime oozing from her  stretched sphincter to grease the crack between
her buttocks.  She  blinked  back tears as she felt the man's filth
dripping from between her  splayed  labia remembering what the madman
above her had done to her.  Still she  obediently sucked, her nostrils
flared as she caught the rancid scent  of her  bowels on his cock and
tasted the mingled bitterness of her own filth and  secretions.  Her
hand stroked the firm gristle as she pumped her mouth  up  and down the
length of her fleshy master.  Her free hand cupped and hefted the
knotted bag of his scrotum as if weighing a  pouch  of gold nuggets.

     "Yes, my puta, very nice!"  he croaked as he neared his final 
climax.   "Yes-s-s-s-s, pump it!"  he groaned as he pulled the saliva
slick cock  from  her suctioning mouth.  He trembled as the brown hose
spewed thick ribbons of sperm onto her face as she continued  to  pump
and stroke the demanding prong.

    "O-h-h-h-h, m-m-my!"  she gasped forgetting where she was, as the 
first  hot liquid ribbon lashed across her face.  Her full red lips ova
led as  she  sucked the air trying to capture the pearl white fluid as
it gouted across the inches that separated it's snout  from  her
expectant face.

     Her sperm slick fingers continued to pump at the wilting rod even 
as  the Inspector watched.  His contempt for the shallow American grew
as  he  watched her lap and gulp the clotting sperm that dripped down
her  surgically  perfect face.  Her free hand gently squeezed his
churning balls as if  to  squeeze as much sperm from them as possible. 
Her pink tongue looped  around  her collagen swollen lips to capture the
thick elastic ribbons and suck  them  in to her hungry mouth.

     The dark Inspector stepped back from the kneeling woman, her sperm 
wet  face turn up hopefully.  Genevieve in her naivet thought that if
she  satisfied him her ordeal might be over.  Her hopes were quickly
ground  into  the Bolivian dirt as he pushed open the door with the
words, "Entre y  sela!"

     Her heart sank as she saw the two burly men step past the 
Inspector and  enter the small room.

     "Puta, you will please my men, and they will use you well.  If you 
now  only play the whore, you will soon be one, I assure you.

     "Entrene su pozo y la exposicin ella no misericordia."  he said 
to the  men.  The beautiful American looked to him in desperate 
confusion as  the  men began to peel their cloths from their hard brown
bodies, their  hungry  eyes never leaving her sperm streaked nakedness.

     "I told them to train you well and show you no mercy."  he said as 
he  closed the door on her moaning wail.



The small bar got progressively smokier as nervousness brought on by 
the  sexual ballet caused patrons and girls alike to light cigarettes. 
The  humid  air was thick with the peculiar pungency of tobacco and
stale beer that  permeates small bars the world over.

Beads of sweat formed on Fat Beards thick forehead as he spoke in 
mixture of  broken english and spanish. He wiped his sweating palms on
his khaki pants and  motioned the two girls to a nearby table.  His eyes
never left the slight  black-haired  girl as he licked his lips in
nervous anticipation.  He looked like a  glutton surveying his next meal
as his eyes peeled the diaphanous gown  from  the small latina's round
shoulders.  He felt his thick cock twitch and  throb  beneath his large
overhanging belly where it nestled between his fat  thighs.

He had heard had heard all the fat boy jokes his whole life. He laughed 
when  he thought of the trip down here. A woman had said he looked like
Wayne  Knight, the guy who played the fat villainous programmer from
Jurassic  Park  and buffoonish cop on Third Rock.  Some compliment. The
only thing he  despised more than himself were the people who reminded
him of his own  repulsiveness. He shifted his immense sweating girth in
the small chair  and  eyed the slight girl attempting to push the
thoughts from his mind.   The  rejection of his youth still caused him
pangs of hurt and anger.  He  grabbed  his glass of beer in a pudgy hand
and took a long pull.  He smacked his lips loudly, beer dribbling into
his beard from  the  corners of his mouth.  His dripping lips turned up
in a grin as the two  girls giggled.

Yes, the little Latina was a good choice.  Pretty, and above all 
innocent.  Yes, she reminded him of the dark haired cheerleader he
adored from  afar in  high school. The flood of memories rose and he
took another drink to  push  them down.  The long nights wiping the
guilty spunk from his hand after  making love to her in his lonely mind.
In his fantasies he was the lean  athletic quarterback, their sweat
glistening bodies entwined in the  back of  a sports car. The reality
was a lone obese teen, his sweating face a  field  of pimples, his
flaccid bulk lying in a rumpled bed. He emptied the glass and refilled
it from the liter bottle of beer on  the  table. His agitated mind
shoved the memories away, he showed them he  thought.

It was apparent to him, her not so pretty friend was the leader.  
Typical,  the ugly betty befriends the rose to attract more bees. It
appeared the  older of the two the plain Jane was the experienced of the
two.  He  smiled.  His eyes continued to peel the thin fabric from the
young Latina.  He  could  see the dark nipples capping her the swaying
mounds of her young  breasts.  The fabric clung to them like a second
skin. Through the thin veil he  could  make out the flat belly and trim
thighs, the dark triangle nestling  between  them. Impulsively he
reached out with a thick arm and pulled the girl to him, his fat arm
circling her thin waist. He ran his  free  hand beneath the gown and up
between her thighs.  He watched as her  eyes  shot to the face of her
friend as he felt there svelte form stiffen in  his  grasp. The older
girl nodded and a frightened smile appeared on the  young  latina's lips
and a forced giggle escaped her lips.  In the dim light  he  noticed the
glassy sheen of the Latina's eyes, coke, ganja?  He  mentally  shrugged,
who cares?  Whatever it took for them to build up the courage to tear
down the moral bulwark of  years of  religious teachings and play the
slut to a yanquee, or anyone else with the price  of  entry.

He grunted with satisfaction at the resistance his thick index finger 
felt  as it wormed its' way between her thin tight labia. A grin
appeared in  the  dark foam flecked forest of his beard at the feel of
the greasy slick  welcome for his finger. He nuzzled the girl's smooth
neck filling his  nostrils with the fresh smell of the young teen. The
stick of gristle  in his  pants throbbed in appreciation as he heard the
girl moan and shiver as  his  finger twisted and wiggled inside her.

Satisfied he slid his finger free and held it up for inspection.  The 
young  girl's doe eyes watched with embarrassment as he slid thumb and 
forefinger  back and forth on the thick coating of her secretions.  He
took an  exaggerated whiff of the fragrant must and offered it to the
girl's  pert  nose.  She giggled nervously and pulled away but not
before catching a  hint  of her own musk.  Her face colored but not as
much as when she watched  him  shrug and pop the dripping fingers into
his mouth and licked them  clean!

The older girl knew what he was about and within minutes had negotiated 
a  price. He hoisted himself from the chair and followed the two toward 
the  back hallway.

He turned momentarily and motioned to his friends, who hoisted a glass
to  his success.



Chapter 54


Rachel's ravenous mouth continued suck her smooth pale cheeks hollowing as 
she wrapped her swollen red lips around the fat cook's wilting plug of a 
cock.  Her mind swam as she felt the piercing needle like teeth of the pups 
as they pulled and sucked at her engorged breasts, hanging heavily beneath 
her slim torso.  Her obscenely large clit burned and buzzed between the pale
columns of her thighs as she groveled between the fat hairy thighs of the
old Bolivian peasant.  She fell into a dream-like contentment as her once 
virgin lips slid with practiced ease up and down the softening rod in a 
automatic effort to harvest the last viscous dregs of sperm from the fat old 
man's balls.

The young missionary girl groaned with loss as the fat cook staggered away 
on shaky legs.  The beautiful girl squatted alone in the center of the room 
her pale naked form testimony to the travails, in her mind, the pleasures 
she had been subjected to in her new chosen world.

The dim light revealed her once perfectly coiffed hair, a tangle of matted 
tresses.  The young teen's high unwrinkled forehead bore errant traces of  
congealing sperm.  The large blue eyes beneath the perfect brow appeared 
innocent, hiding the depraved debauchery that was her wont. Her fine pert 
nose flared with the scent of male lust, her lust drugged brain acutely 
attuned to the scent of ready willing male.  Her high clear cheeks were 
stained with the traces of orgasmic tears and the crusty brand of a 
stranger's spent lust. A mixture of saliva and the stranger's filthy sperm 
formed congealing drips along the graceful curve of her jaw, marching along 
like miniature stalactites, a monument to the lust that damned her.

Her long graceful neck bore traces of the blue bruises that marked the body 
below in numbers like plums in a tree.  Each bruise bore testament to a 
eager finger mining the depths of her perversion, playing her young body, 
stroking her lust like would a maestro at his instrument.  The livid welts 
decorating her back, thighs and breasts had faded to a faint red blue masked 
by new fresher torments.

The glossy pale skin of the massive engorged balloons that were her breasts 
were livid with the raised blue tracings of  veins, giving the heavy hanging 
globes the aspect of polished marble. The fading welts of past torments mere 
yellowish tracks amid the network of thin red scratches inflicted by the 
sharp dewclaws of the ravenous cur pups.  The web of raised blue veins 
coalesced  beneath the thick swollen caps of her large puckered aureoles 
feeding the blood engorged nipples at which the hungry curs continued to feed.

The weight of the heavy milk filled bags pulled the alabaster skin covering 
the young teen's trim muscular torso taunt, every rib in vivid relief along 
the sides of her narrow ribcage.  Her shoulder blades stood out like twin 
ridges from the plain of her muscular back, as she supported herself on her 
slender arms. Her heavy udders wobbled beneath her as her chest heaved with 
labored breathing, evidence of the filthy pleasure she derived from debasing 
herself before the fat Bolivian peasant.  Light shone from the thick rings 
piercing the rigid flesh of her fat nipples, the turgid flesh puckering 
around the yellow metal.  Her whore's bells swung silently almost touching 
the dirt floor as they hung suspended from a short length of chain connected 
to the rings, A patina of sweat caused the twin moons of her striped 
buttocks to gleam in the low light.  The web of paw scratches and cuts along 
her flanks and buttocks  testament to the number and frequency of her
bestial lovers.

Movement in the room caused her to open her blue eyes, which grew ever larger 
at the obscene sight before her.  Escuela, the cook's wife sprawled naked in 
a chair just inches from the pretty American.  Rachel slowly raised her 
face, disgust mixed with vile anticipation evident in her wide eyes.

Escuela's black hair hung in strings about the fat gourd of her
head.  Her body was a gelatinous pale tan mound.  The rounded
humps of her shoulders led to thick pork roll arms, fat watery
flesh hanging beneath them wobbling at their every move.  The
large slabs of her breasts lay flaccidly on her chest, the wide
expanse of her brown aureoles dented by the hard nubs of her
nipples.  Rachel's eyes traveled across the waves of flesh of her
belly to the cleft between her thighs.  A thick dark thatch of
matted hair guarded the reeking cleft of the woman's stinking
cunt.  Her  fat log-like thighs parted slightly as she shifted her wide 
flaccid bottom on the chair.

The beautiful teen's nostrils pricked and flared at the nauseating     
stench rising from between the liver like slabs of the Indian woman's 
slobbering vulva.

The fat brown woman leaned forward and extended a thick arm to hook a 
sausage like finger in the ring piercing the septum of the pretty young 
teen's pert nose pulling her forward.  The attractive
Young woman scuttled forward on hands and knees, her oversized
Udders wobbling beneath her..

The sneer on the fat woman's face was burned into Rachel's mind as the young 
teen was pulled toward the great yawning pit of the woman's cunt.

The aspiring lawyer felt the pierced finger of her meaty engorged clit throb 
as she reveled in the depravity of the moment.  The girl  grunted as the 
woman tugged on the nose ring pulling her pale face into the hairy wet pit 
between her dimpled thighs.

"Si, si, mi pequea puta, bien, buena."  the fat woman cooed.  Rachel felt 
her stomach knot with excitement as her upturned face met the wet purplish 
brown flesh of the woman's vulva.  Her nose flared at the mixed smell of hot 
musk and rancid spent sperm that evolved from between the thick slabs of  
hairy labia.  Depraved debauchery claimed her as her supple muscles tensed 
pushing her face deep into the reeking wet pit.  The young girl moaned and 
grunted as she rooted amongst the wet flesh like a wild sow, the ring in her 
nose proclaiming her the rutting sow she truly had become.  The pretty blond 
looked up from between the woman's fat cottage cheese thighs, her glistening 
mouth turned up in a smile of gratitude.  Escuela's dark eyes, buried 
beneath the rolls of fat of her sweating face sneered back.

"Yes, my pretty whore, fill yourself" she said as she placed a meaty hand 
on the pretty girl's head and pushed her face back into the wet frothing pit 
of her cunt.

Rachel felt her clit buzz and throb, her guts knotting with excitement as 
she rooted and gobbled at the fat woman's obscene vulva.  Electric tendrils 
lanced through her jangling her jaded nerves as the debauched pink worm of 
her tongue snaked out from between her once virginal lips to explore the 
dank seeping depths of the brown woman's cunt.

The fat cook stood against the wall and watch the beautiful pale form of the 
American girl squirming between the fat brown barrel like legs of his wife.  
His spent cock twitched as he watched goggled eyed as the beautiful pale 
form of the young white teen groveled before the animated pile of obesity 
and pushed her pretty face deep into the stinking folds of fat the draped 
around the stinking mouth of his wife's sterile womb. The ravenous cur pups 
gnawed and pulled at the swollen abused nipples capping the young slut's 
milk swollen mammaries.  His mind reeled with the perverse image giving 
birth to a sadistic impulse.  He slid his sweating form along the wall 
toward the door and the blackness beyond.  The sounds of Rachel's wet 
slobbering replaced by the howls of the impatient curs in the distant 
pen.

Rachel's mind swirled in a black vacuum of lust. The vile awareness of her 
own willing actions stimulated the obscene finger of her swollen pierced 
clit. It dangled between her sleek thighs, stretched by the weight of the 
heavy crucifix hanging below it.

The young sow rooted and snuffled in the wet mass of the fat Indian's cunt.  
The bilious slime that evolved from it's swarming depths coated the young 
girl's face like a varnish.  The vile ocher oozed between her sucking lips 
filling her mouth.  The young teen swallowed the filthy bilge and the 
resulting cramps of nausea that twisted her stomach merged with the gut 
twisting excitement that knotted her bottom.  The nursing pups continued to 
chew and pull at the thick nubs of her swollen paps their sharp teeth 
drawing blood that mixed with the thick rich milk that filled her fat 
breasts to bursting.  Rachel's groans and grunts were echoed by Escuela's as 
her hungry mouth found the swollen greasy worm of the fat woman's clitoris 
and began to suck.  Her full red lips fastened around the flaccid grub and 
her pink tongue began a one-sided duel bringing moans of pleasure from her 
tormentress.

Escuela's dark eyes swam as she looked at the beautiful Anglo kneeling 
between her obscene thighs to feast at the sterile fetid sump of her womb. 
The loose bags of skin that cursed her chest wallowed vacantly across her 
chest as she watched the laboring young American strive to bring her 
pleasure.  The simmering contempt and hatred she felt for the picture of 
beauty before her fanned into flame as she crawled toward her orgasm. Her 
fat hand searched blindly to the table at her side and returned filled with 
the large kitchen shears.

"Tan mi pequea guarra, debemos hacerle encajar la nueva parte que usted 
quiere jugar..."  she grunted between labored breaths. "We will make you 
look the part of a lesbian whore!"

With those words Escuela set upon the pretty girl's blond tresses clipping 
and cutting with abandon, reducing the long matted tresses to irregular 
clumps of blond fuzz.

The young slut, sucking and nursing at the fat slug of the older woman's 
clit was oblivious to her further humiliation.




Chapter 55


The old Japanese sniffed at the hot dusty air, thankful for the coming
coolness of the coming night.  Pushed the heavy wooden door completely
open and looked back into the dark maw of the open church door as he
pulled at the leather leash he held tightly in his right hand. 
Scrabbling shuffling noises slowly produced the  pathetic stooped
figure of a pale young teenager connected to the end of  the leash by
a large brass ring embedded half way down the length of her petite
pink tongue.  Her arms, cranked behind her were bound with coarse hemp
from elbow to wrist fusing them into a wedge-like appendage that
appeared to grow from her stooped back like some demented dorsal fin.
A single tight cord ran from the bundle binding her wrists,  over the
crown of her head to nasal tines embedded in her distorted flesh of
her once pert freckled nose.  The tension of the cord pulled her
pretty red head back at an acute angle causing her red mouth to gape
and her small freckled chin to thrust skyward and preventing her from
standing erect. Her limited field of view was one cause of her
tentative shambling gate.  The other was the spreader bar connected to
her ankles limiting her to a spraddle legged waddle.

The old man jerked on the leash, and received a pathetic moaning whine
from the gaping mouth of the girl.  Her bright green eyes were dull
with pain as she shambled after the old man offering no resistance. 
Her pale freckled legs flexed as she slowly made her way down the
brick steps of the church in the old man's wake.  The large pillowy
mounds of her heavy pendulous breasts swayed with her efforts, the
bright red of her bound and swollen nipples visible even in the
gathering dusk.  The gloom hid the dirty smudges and bruises that that
marked the blue veined alabaster like skin of the pretty teen.

As she shuffled along she emitted an alien whining moan of near alien
origin.  Her dirty bare feet scuffed along in the dusty ground as she
struggled to keep pace with the indifferent old man.  The spreader bar
banged against her bare ankles but the pain was lost amid the tempest
of agony that blazed from her shoulders, back and neck.  The full
round globes of her buttocks flexed as she scuttled along, the
glistening grease of  someone's spent seed lubricating the deep cleft
between the bulbous mounds.  The sparse red hair vainly defending her
vulva was beaded with the congealed filthy congealed leavings of some
rapacious violator.  The scuffing of her feet mixed with the sounds of
buzzing flies, attracted to the smell of the rank fluid oozing from
her well used and stretched orifices.  They buzzed voraciously around
the livid wound that marked the once flawless skin of her buttock. Her
left buttock mirrored the redness of  the dying sun where livid red
flesh met the charred flesh of her fresh brand.

Hattori smiled to himself as he led the pathetic creature that had
been a typical vibrant American teenage girl only days before and was
now his chattel.  What shambled behind him now was mindless animated
flesh, a beast whose world was unremitting pain, whose only dull
thoughts were of lessening for a time the world wind of endless agony,
despair and degradation.  Like a scourged and broken beast she only
craved to please her new Master, if only to earn a brief respite from
the endless torment.

The piteous mindless thing that had once been called Sandra shambled
behind the old oriental man in the dirty cloths.  Her dirty bare feet
scuffed the dry ground as she struggled to keep up with the old man's
pace, lest the tension of the leather leash on her tongue ring pull
the pink slug out by the roots.

She grunted with effort and the thick ring piercing her tongue clacked
against her small white teeth as the leash went tight and slack as she
scuffed forward.  Drool wet her small chin here it pooled in her
gaping mouth and ran down the corners of her full lips. The dry air
sucked at the drool turning it to thick mucus that swayed from her jaw
connected tenuously to the full curve of her heavy swaying breasts. 
The heavy bags of swaying flesh displayed the ligature marks of past
torment amid the ample network of faint blue veins visible beneath the
translucent white skin.  Thick swollen nipples rose thickly from the
centers of the proud puckered caps of her aureoles.  The keen observer
would see the tight wrappings of thin thread buried deeply within the
turgid flesh of the thickly swollen nipples.  The red raspberry like
knobs bloodied by other past torments inflicted by the old man and his
son.

Laughter and music announced the presence of the lighted doorway
before the old man's failing eyes discerned it.  His pace quickened at
the prospect of some easily earned Bolivianos for his near empty
wallet.  True the town had free whores enough, but they were for those
who lived there and knew of them.  This tavern was frequented only by
rabble passing through.  The oil field workers, gold miners and other
migrants on their way to other villages or destinations.

"La atencin, cada uno mira a la puta el anciano nos trae para jugar
con, una guarra de AngloAmericano jven!" a voice rang out from the
seated men on the porch of the bar.

"Hola, isn't that the young American that was on the Ferro car from
Santa Cruz only last week?" asked a man in the blue gray uniform of
the Ferrocarrill Boliviana Nacional.

"The young Anglo slut doesn't look too proud to me now!" a grizzled
voice responded with a laugh.

"Como son cosas mis amigos!" Hattori said to the men who began to
appear at the door of the tavern.  The old man hawked and spat a
clot of bloody phlegm into the dirt before he ascended the porch
pulling the pitiful girl behind him.

"So what have you brought us this time, ancient one?" a faceless voice
asked with a slur.

"Al diablo con lo que es, cuanto lo va a costar!", a fat man said
spilling part of his beer as he laughed at his own joke.

"Senors, I bring for your pleasure a yong norteAmericano flower.  She
is very willing and eager to entertain you for a small price. She is
so unlike her arrogant hermana to the north.  She has shown herself to
be willing and compliant." The evil old man said with a coughing
cackle.  "I have only used her myself to be sure that she is worthy
for you good Senors." the old man said with a bow.

He jerked the leash and the young girl shambled onto the porch and
into the light from the doorway.

A squat brown figure stepped forward and his hand disappeared between
the cheeks of the stooped girl's ass.
"She appears to be well greased, old man." The man said with a drunken
grunt and a laugh, holding two wet fingers up for all to see.  Her
purse still seems pretty tight too, not like the little Indian girl
you brought us last time. What was her name? Maria?  Madre di Dios,
she must have fucked a horse she was so loose, or maybe it was just
your son!"  The comment was followed by coarse laughter, the men
having  seen the retarded boy "perform" on more than one occasion.

Satisfied that the deal had been done, the old Oriental led the
pathetic girl into the lighted doorway and the smoky tavern beyond.

The girl staggered behind her Master vaguely aware of the humiliation
of having a complete stranger probe her recently virginal womb as if
she were a head of livestock.  Hattori lead the compliant girl toward
the bar and a metal hook that was screwed into its' wooden edge.  He
pulled her forward and slid her tongue ring up and over the hook as he
unshackled the leather leash.

The interior of the medium sized room was well lit, the lamplight
reflected off the streaked whitewashed walls.  A coarse wooden bar
lined one wall stained dark with old beer and grease. Simple tables
filled the rest of the room.  The dirty wooden floor was covered with
accumulated litter mixed with the dirty remnants of hay or wood
shavings.  The air hung thick with a mixture of tobacco smoke, stale
beer and the smell of simmering spices from the kitchen.

The patrons of the bar were a mixture of Indians and mestizos.  All
were working men or drifters, none had ever seen a white woman, much
less one naked and utterly helpless and broken.  Many had carried bags
for norte American women in the cities, or seen one in passing what
they saw before them was for them beyond belief.  The pale skin of the
girl stood out against the background of the dark bar.  Restrained
from the hook by the thick ring piercing her pink tongue, she stood
like some animal, stooped at the waist, her arms wrenched backward and
bound over her white back. Her hands and fingers, like pale blue ocean
creatures,  projected upward from the rope wrappings that covered her
arms from wrists to elbows.  The girl's pretty red head was pulled
back by a hideous device embedded in her tiny nostrils.  The attached
cord pulled her head back, stretching her fine smooth neck.  Her tiny
jaw hung agape, exposing the white teeth through which her pierced
tongue projected.  Whimpers bubbled through thick saliva bursting to
drool down her helpless chin.

Her oversized white breasts hung beneath her like ripe tropical fruit,
faint blue veins and bruises covering their round smooth curves.  The
men goggled at the exposed hues of her privates, the spreader bar
attached to her ankles guaranteeing each an unrestricted view, as it
held her muscular freckled legs apart.

The sparse red hair fringing the fat wet lips of her cunt was matted
and moist.  They sniggered to themselves imagining the source. Tongues
licked lips like hungry dogs as their eyes crawled over the pink cleft
of the poor girl's splayed cheeks where the freshly used eye of her
red anus winked wetly.  The muscles of her lower back stood out
supporting her stooped weight, and her buttocks flexed as she shuffled
her feet trying to ease the unremitting pain.

Her buttocks, there was the wonder for the men.  They stared with
disbelief at the deep fresh brand that marred the otherwise flawless
skin. The kanji meant nothing to them but he brand itself was symbol
enough. Country born, they all understood the meaning of the charred
black branded flesh forming the foreign symbol of ownership glaring
out from the pink-white surface surrounded by an angry red fringe.

 This was no woman, this was the old man's beast.  The realization
that this had once been a white woman, an Anglo woman that their life
long had been taught  to respect out of hand.  But here now was one
such reduced to an animal state and was announced to for all to see, 
a beast, a beast  owned by a brown skin such as them.
Shriveled brown cocks, alcohol sodden and filthy, began to twitch
beneath filthy work cloths, twitch and swell at the sight and thought
of it.  They paused only briefly before descending on the quivering
pale pink form like the pack of wild dogs they resembled.

The young girl emitted a pitiful moan as the pain in her stooped back
and tortured shoulders throbbed and drummed in her brain.  The coarse
laughter and obscene comments registered as background noise amid the
gale of torment that raged in her pretty skull.  The poor girl was
indifferent to the pawing and probing hands.  A pitiful whine or grunt
was all she could manage as fingers probed the depths of her young
slick vagina, stretched her sore sphincter and squeezed and plucked at
her full pendulous breasts.

Hattori dodging eager hands stepped up next to the girl, and hissed in
her ear through the stumps of his rotted stinking teeth.  "So-o-o, my
prettee.  You have many friends here tonight.  You will make them very
happee, no?  If you are a good girl, Hattori will release your arms,
yes?  Show your new Master what a good little she-bitch you can be,
eh?"  With that he set a small bowl on the bar near her face and
called for a cerveza as the first of many stuffed bolvianos into the
bowl.




Chapter 56


Evita followed the Fat Bearded man toward the empty room at the back
of the club. Julia her friend led the little procession and Evita
could only follow suppressing an urge to run.  She knew she could
never do that and face the other older girls at the school tomorrow.
This was her night they had all said in hushed whispers and giggles. 
With practiced ease, Julia, bargained with the man then held out her
small hand which the he quickly filled with the required number of
Bolivianos. Evita felt her stomach fill with butterflies at the
realization of what the money was for. It was for her.

 "This was her night, she was finally going through with it." She
thought to herself.  "And with a fat smelly Americano!"  Her stomach
heaved, but her tiny womb throbbed in her tight little bottom at the
nasty forbidden thought of it.  What would Momma and Papa say about
their little black haired Princessa?  After Papa had died her Momma
had sent her here to get her away from the predatory advances of the
young men in Santa Cruz, only to land her in a den of sexual
promiscuity disguised as a catholic school!  She felt the plump tips
of her breasts harden with arousal at the perverse irony. She raised
the cigarette to her full lips lit it nervously and took a long drag,
suppressing the need to cough. Another bad habit the older girls had
taught her.  But it did look sophisticated and she had practiced in
front of the mirror to get the look just right.
 
The butterflies flitted anew as another shiver flew through her at the
awful nastiness of it all.  She was playing the whore tonight, a lowly
puta and for a repulsive norte Americano!   She had  always been a
good girl, popular with her friends, and well, all the older popular
girls participated and she wanted to fit in. She saw how the girls who
refused were treated, so the decision had been easier than she would
have imagined.

She put the cigarette to her lips and took another drag, holding her
small pretty hand just so by the left side of her smooth jaw.  Her
dark brown eyes batted in self defense as the smoke curled up her high
cheek past her long narrow nose and assailed them.  Her clear high
forehead wrinkled at the sharp feel of the smoke in her eyes, and she
pulled the hand holding the cigarette away self consciously.

Evita knew her mother had sacrificed to send her here despite her loud
and continuous objections.   "It was for her own good," she had said. 
She laughed nervously and shivered with anticipation beneath the lacey
wrap.  She felt the crenellated tips of her plump breasts harden
painfully as she thought guiltily about her dead Papa and what he
would think of her now! She pushed the sad thought of her Papa away.

In a way she felt like a sacrifice, she thought with a giggle.  She
imagined how a female ancestor might have felt as she was led by an
Incan priest to be sacrificed. Here she was a pretty sacrifice to a
fat bloated deity with a fat wallet.  Her young mind swam with the
shear obscenity of it all.  She took another puff and thought about
the gauzy white wrap she wore, all lace and silk.  It reminded her of
the First Communion dress she wore 8 years ago.  Her Momma and Papa
had been so proud of her!  The butterflies felt the same too.  Her 16
year old womb throbbed at the obscene comparison.  Her mind suddenly
reeled as it dawned on her, Madre di Dios!  Her first communion might
as well have been her sacrifice to god!  They dressed her up prettily
like a miniature bride and offered her up to the drooling older man
hanging on the cross.  More virgin flesh to satisfy his jealous,
insecure and petulant nature.  Only now did she see how ridiculous it
was.

Julia motioned to her and she snubbed the cigarette on the dirty wall
and dropped it on the filthy floor as her small feet propelled her
with self conscious eagerness into the small room.  She twirled around
in a flourish of white fabric, her medium sized breasts bouncing
lusciously on her thin ribcage, the motion causing aureoles to 
pucker, the thick chocolate stubs to harden. She glanced down self
consciously at the sharp groove the split the  prominent crenellated
tips, She cocked her head and snapped it to the side swinging her
thick black hair across her back.  Her full brown lips pulled back in
a nervous smile, she could feel the fat man's eyes crawling across
her.  Goose flesh appeared on her thin arms and sleek bare thighs at
the thought of it, and the familiar tingling burn in her labia began
signaling her continued guilty arousal.

 Fat Beard's pig eyes surveyed the small room as he cuffed eager sweat
from his face.  He spied the small bed and stepped toward it as the
older girl lit a lamp on a small table and nightstand.  He had picked
a good one, obviously new to the game. The older of the two was
initiating her, he guessed.  The school girls must have some secret
society thing going on.   Well, his good luck, two for the price of
one.  He fleetingly thought of his compatriots, but quickly forgot
them as his dark pig eyes bored through the lacey gauze that draped
the younger of the two.

About 5'2" he guessed, no more than 125 lbs.  Slender, with that
smooth coffee with cream complexion to die for.  Medium breasts, nice
small ass, and those nipples. "Gawd!" he drooled, his mouth watering. 
He couldn't wait to get his lips around those young fat nipples that
he could just make out though the shear white fabric. He watched as
they puckered under his gaze tenting the sheer fabric.  He felt his
thick cock surge beneath his dirty pants.

"Come on, girl, help me off with these pants!" he said impatiently.

"Aydele a salir sus pantalones." the older girl repeated motioning to
the younger Latina.

The pretty young girl hesitated, shrugged, then dropped to her knees
and pulled the fat bearded man's trousers from his huge midsection and
down his hairy legs.  The soiled khakis formed a great pile around his
booted feet and he kicked them free with the eager 16 year old's help.
 She immediately bent to untie his dirty boots as he scooted his
flaccid buttocks back on the bed with a grunt of effort.  The rancid
smell of his feet assailed the young school girl's nose as she pulled
first one boot then the other free.

The sixteen year old's face flushed with guilt as she felt her belly
knot with arousal at the familiar smell.  Her young mind whirled
dizzily at the mixture of arousal and deja vue.  Her strong olfactory
memory kicked in and her mind made the connection.  Papa!  Papa had
smelled like that.  The memories flooded her with nasty delicious
guilt!
She remembered pulling her Papa's boots off, the strong smell of
rancid feet mixed with the smell of sweaty male legs and crotch that
surrounded him like a cloud after a days work in the heat.
She remembered how her bottom tingled as he held her seated on his
strong thigh, safe, secure, all a little girl could want.  Papa!

A whimper leaked past her full lips and she stifled it catching her
plump bottom lip between her strong white teeth as her breath
quickened.  Her bottom knotted again as the memories, guilt and broken
taboos coalesced in a sudden knot in her tiny throbbing vagina.  She
blushed as she felt it gush wetly leaving a guilty signature on the
nearly transparent fabric.

He grunted with effort as he pulled his sweating bulk to a comfortable
position on the filthy stained mattress.  His nearly naked form leaned
back on the stack of  pillows at a forty-five degree angle.  He
struggled to remove his shirt and rested momentarily, breathing
heavily with the effort to watch the young whore remove his last boot.

"Okay girls, let's see what I bought!  Take those things off,
rapidamente!" he chortled, reaching for the sweating bottle of beer on
the night stand.  He raised the bottle and watched Julia close the
door as she slipped her flimsy dress from her smooth shoulders.

Evita turned to the older girl at the sound of the fat man's voice
understanding only the word "quickly!"  An excited shudder ran through
her at the sight of her naked friend standing in front of the closed
door.  The pretty young girl stood up from between the fat man's naked
thighs and followed her older friend's lead.

"Nuestro amigo impaciente quiere ver por qu l ha pagado." the 17
year old part-time whore said with a smile.

Julia shivered with excitement as she let the thin white cloth drop to
her feet and turned to face the sweating fat American. The pretty
sixteen year old's modesty disappeared in an excited flush as she
looked into the fat stranger's eyes.  They seemed to devour her.  The
primal hunger was so clear and she stood before him naked.  She had
never felt so bare, so vulnerable.  It was so deliciously obscene! 
Her bottom knotted and she felt it pulse with excitement.  As if he
knew her secret guilt the man's hungry dark eyes dropped to her quim
and his mouth became a wet pucker, all his bloated cheeks could do to
form a smile.

"A hot one." he thought as his eyes looked and found the small
sparkles of feminine dew amidst the black tangle that nestled between
her smooth young thighs.

His eyes crawled over the young teen as she stood there frozen like a
fawn in the headlights of an on rushing truck.  Her coffee-cream skin
shone golden in the lamp light of the dirty little room.  His red nose
pricked as he inhaled the stale air, becoming thick with the smell of
the excited female.  His excited eyes crawled from one naked girl to
the other comparing them like hanging sides of meat.
They were cut from the same mold, bookends, that pretty mix of Indian
and Spanish that made them look so exotic to Anglo men.

"But nothing special down here, a dime a dozen." he thought.

The older was fuller at the hip and thigh than the younger, close to
identical in height, the same coffee-cream skin and thick jet black
hair.  Both had the same thick black thatch hiding their precious
purses, and fat chocolate drop nipples capping their average size
breasts which rode firm and high on their small chests seeming to defy
gravity.  They both exuded the same rich musky smell of excited
female.

"Common you little whores! Help me off with these shorts!" he said
impatiently.

Julia motioned to the younger girl as she stepped forward to do as he
commanded.

"Help me with his shorts, and you can see the meat he has for you!"
she said, her own excitement creeping into her voice.

The young teens should have been repulsed by the fat man twice their
age, but obscene curiosity fueled by the impulse to the forbidden
over-rode lifelong schooling.  The shear obesity of the man was
repulsive.  His fat hairy belly hung like a slab from his midsection. 
Twin bulges of fat hanging like breasts toward his fat arms adorned
his chest.  The gray white fish belly skin of his bloated belly was
covered with a sprinkling of black hair matted with sweat.  Evita
stood motionless frozen by the repulsiveness of the man before her. 
She was giving herself to this great slug of a man?  "Yes, yes!" she
thought with an obscene thrill.  "Gawd, yes!" she thought, "And you
Papa, it is your fault, you never should have left me.  And Mamma you
never should have sent me away!"

In unison they grabbed the soiled shorts and pulled as he raised his
fat buttocks with a grunt.

Two sets of young brown eyes widened and two sets of lips curled in
guilty smiles.  The same thoughts coursing through their young minds:
"Como lindo!  How cute! El gusano rosado! A pink worm!"

The girls giggled to one another as they gazed at the tube of pink
flesh sprouting from between the hairless gray lumps of the fat man's
thighs.  The swollen pink shaft, topped by a slitted shiny red plum
like head, looked like a fat pink grub.  The plump hairless orbs of
his scrotum were a matching pink.  The fear Evita had felt evaporated
in an instant as she gazed on the cute tube of rigid flesh that rose
above the cuddly soft looking sacks of the fat man's balls.

"What are you waiting for senoritas?  Git down here and say hello to
your new toy!" he said with an obscene chuckle, spreading his fat
thighs for emphasis.

Evita was filled with a mixture of thoughts and emotions, as she
looked at the cute pink thing that lay throbbing in the fat man's
crotch.  She wanted to giggle. Was this what lay beneath Pappas
pantaloons that she use to feel against her bottom? Was this what the
girls talked about in hushed fearful whispers? Was it hard, or was it
as soft and cuddly as it looked?  Was this what he put inside her? She
wanted to know,  but most of all she wanted to touch it!  The pulsing
throb between her slender young thighs was maddeningly distracting. 
She ran her small pink tongue along her upper lip and looked to Julia
for guidance.  The naked seventeen year old smile up at her as she
knelt by his left thigh and grasped the pink grub in her small brown
hand.  Evita felt a pang of jealousy as she was slower to act on her
own young impulsive desires.  Julia the teacher held the thick pink
worm erect and motioned to the younger girl.

"Aqu est para usted. Asprelo y bese tienen gusto de un helado!" the
older girl said with a sly smile.

"For her?"  What should she do? Lost at first, Julia's reference to an
ice cream made things clear to the younger teen.  A lovely pink ice
cream!.  She knew what to do with that and knelt her naked slender
form between the fat man's thighs.  The older girl wagged the thick
pink stem at the girl and Evita wet her full lips as she brought her
face toward the red shiny plum of it's head.

"Suavemente, es muy sensible." The older girl whispered as she guided
the head against the young girl's full lips.

At first contact Evita pulled back with a jerk at the moan that
squirted from the fat man.  Bewildered she looked to Julia.

"Era un quejido del placer, usted no lo lastim. It was one of
pleasure, not pain" Julia said soothingly.

She nodded her head for  the younger teen to continue and reached to
place Evita's right hand under the soft hairless bags of the older
man's fat scrotum.

"Sintase cmo es suave ellos son, d masajes a sus huevos
suavemente." she said with a giggle. "Massage his eggs it is where the
cream filling is." she said with a knowing giggle to the novice young
whore.

The Fat Man groaned as his pig eyes gazed down across the sweating
hump of his belly to watch the two young teenage girls begin to suck
his throbbing cock. "God almighty, the boys would never believe this!"
he thought.  The tightness in his balls was too much as he watched the
older Indian slut directing the younger one on how to make lip love to
his prong of gristle.  From what he could understand of their
gibberish, they thought his cock was cute!  Well that was fine by him
so long as he got his money's worth. And so far so good.  The young
one was a lecher's dream, so young and innocent and so eager!  He
couldn't wait to stretch her holes with his cute little cock.  An
obscene thought shot through his head as he watched her angelic latin
face distort as she gobbled his cock.  "I wonder what her mommy and
daddy thought she was doing right now?" Certainly not sucking the cock
of some old American in a filthy back room of some private beer joint.
 The thought pleased him. "Well, she would be doing a lot more before
he got his $20 dollars worth." he thought.  "The best $20 bucks he
ever spent for a whore, or two whores." he sniggered to himself.

"That's right girly, suck that cute little thing, oh, goddamn suck it
little princessa...." He groaned.

Her drooling bottom pulled tight at the word.  "Princessa!"   Papa use
to call her that!  Her mind reeled, her nose filled with the nostalgic
masculine smell of her father as she wrapped her beginner's lips
around the pink prong.  The familiar endearment only her Papa had
called her rang in her ears as her tongue began a one sided duel with
the red plum head.  "It was all too much!  She had a stranger's cock
in her virgin mouth, and memories of her Papa swimming in her head!"
she thought as her sodden bottom gushed.

"Bueno, bueno.  Feel how it pulses and throbs as you suck it?" the
older girl cooed. "Can you feel his huevos move in your hand?"

"U-h-h-h, h-u-m-m-m." the sixteen year old mumbled around the thick
rod filling her inexperienced mouth.  "Dios! " she thought. "It was so
delightfully delicious, and so awfully sinful!"  The young teen
swallowed the mixture of saliva and slime that filled her mouth, then
pulled her swelling lips from around the glistening stalk to lick and
lap at the shimmering pole.  She marveled at the warm softness of the
old fat man's scrotum in her little hand and cupped the firm orbs
lovingly feeling them churn and crawl against her soft palm.  Soft as
a little bambino's bottom she thought. On impulse she dropped her face
to nuzzle and kiss at the soft hairless bags, sighing at the feel of
the warm skin against her smooth cheeks and lips.  The masculine smell
was intoxicating.  She felt a sudden wave of shame as she caught
herself wondering if Pappas huevos would have felt the same. Had Momma
caressed his the same way?  Had he gone to his grave never knowing the
feelings that his daughter was now giving to a complete extranjero? 
Her heart leaped and she shivered with delight as she heard a moan of
pleasure from the fat man as she sucked and licked his warm hairless
balls.

Evita felt her head being lifted by a hand in her dark hair, and the
fleshy plum of the man's swollen cock wedged against her swollen lips.

" Let's see how much of the gusano del hombre you can swallow!" Julia
said with a whisper as she forced the young teen's mouth down over the
thick shaft.

"U-h-h-h-g-l-l-g-h-h!" the girl gurgled in protest.  She learned
quickly, relaxing her throat as she felt the beginnings of her gag
reflex. The novice whore marched her lips down the pink shaft like two
miniature inchworms gobbling the hard prong inch by inch until her
clear high forehead rested against the overhanging shelf of his
sweating gut.  Her bottom cramped with sinful delight at the thought
of swallowing all of him.  "I am a whore! A lowly puta!" she admitted
to herself with a thrill.

The fat man motioned to Julia to come closer and she stepped toward
him.  His fat hand snaked between her bare thighs and she felt a thick
stubby finger begin to burrow through her thick pubes to her damp
labia beneath.  The seventeen year old Latina moaned as she felt first
one then two thick fingers worm their way into the wet pit of her
womb.  The thin brown teen shivered like a leaf as his thick fingers
pulled and tugged impatiently as they bulled their way between the
slick lips of her snug pudenda, twisting and turning amid the slick
velvet flesh.  The conical chocolate tipped breasts of the young teen
swayed and jiggled as the bearded fat man tormented her.  His thick
blunt thumb mashed against the tiny erect bud of her young sensitive
clitoris.  Another moan bubbled between her slack lips as a tiny
orgasm sparked along her nerves.
The Fat Man chuckled as he felt her quim pulse and clutch at his thick
slick fingers as she came.

Evita pumped her head up and down the pink shaft thrilling to
obscenity of the act.  "Yes, Momma! Yes Papa! Look at what your little
Princessa has become!" she thought has she drove her young face down
on the pink shaft feeling the spongy head push against the back of her
throat.  "I'm a common gutter whore groveling and crawling to please a
stranger." She said to herself as she pursed her lips along the rigid
prong, sucking up the excess saliva that streamed down the slimy shaft
as she withdrew her mouth.  The nasty thought made her little quim
juice anew, the musky dew forming a froth along the tight pink lips of
her squirming bottom.  "Is this what you saw for me on my first
communion?"  her hungry mind thought as she traced a pulsing blue vein
with her pink little tongue. "To grow up to be a common puta, drooling
at the thought of an extranjero's cock?" her mind answered, as she
placed a lingering full lipped kiss on the swollen red and leaking
plum of the Fat Man's cockhead before engulfing it in her hungry young
mouth.

The Fat Man groaned as the sixteen year old sucked his cock like an
experienced whore. "God, she learned fast!" he groaned to himself.  He
knew the familiar tight churning in his balls meant only one thing.

The slim sixteen year old pushed her forehead against the bulge of the
fat man's sweating hairy belly in a masochistic effort to swallow as
much as  the hard pink cock as she could.  Suddenly with a  touch of
panic, she felt the shaft begin to swell in her throat and she quickly
pulled her face up from the pulsing wet shaft. The older man groaned
in disappointment.

"Don't stop you little slut! Suck it.! he yelled impatiently.

"Asprelo, bombelo! Est a punto de batir!" Julia said as she
pulled free of the older man's fingers.

"Pump it, and suck it!" she said eagerly to the confused sixteen year
old.

Evita felt the prong surge in her hand and leaned her confused face
forward, mouth agape to capture the swollen red knob of the cock.
Julia wrapped her small hand around the shaft above that of the
confused sixteen year old and gave one hurried pump before a long
white wet ribbon jetted from the slit in the pulsing red head.

"Ah-h-h-h-h-h!, crema del hombre!", Julia gushed as she pushed Evita's
face toward the gushing stream, her small tan hand continuing to pump
up and down the wet pink shaft.  The older girl dipped her head as she
squirmed between the man's fat thighs to join her young friend in sin.
 She dipped her black coifed head eager to share in the rich thick
flood but not so as to deny the novice young girl.  Tongue extended
she wriggled greedily beneath Evita to lick at the older man's scrotum
and vacuum a few fugitive ribbons of thick white sperm from the
surface of the soft churning pouches.
The first thick gout had landed wetly across the open mouth of the
young teen and draping thickly across her tongue and down her smooth
chin to drip on the carmel cones of her swaying chocolate tipped
breasts.

"Oh, mi!" was  all Evita had time to say before Julia forced her
willing mouth over the spouting cock head.  As her full warm sperm
stained lips closed over the thick swollen head, the fat older man
groaned.  His obese hips lifted forcing more of the pink shaft into
the eager sixteen year old's mouth.  She understood.  She began to
suck and pump her small hand up and down the thick shaft, her smooth
cheeks hollowing and inflating with the effort.
Her little pink tongue swirled in the thick yeasty sperm that
ballooned her cheeks between each desperate swallow.

Confused but eager, Evita pulled and quaffed at the delicious spouting
shaft.  She thrilled at her newfound power, relishing the yeasty beer
flavored seed that spewed from the fat older man's balls.

"Oh, Mamma, see me?  See me suck this fat old man's cock?" she thought
as she swallowed another wad of warm congealing sperm.
"See what you have made me become?" she accused as she felt her flat
young belly fill with the warm puddle of a stranger's seed, her small
pussy throbbing with each foul and sinful thought.
"See Papa? See what your little Princessa wants to be?  A cock sucking
and sperm eating little puta?  Oh, Papa why couldn't it be for you!" 
With the last obscene forbidden thought her leaking little quim
exploded.  She groaned and squealed around the thick post that filled
her mouth as the unknown sensations scorched her nerves and
reverberated in her confused brain.

"Oh, Madre di Dios!" was all she could think before another clutching
contraction exploded between her slim legs and raced through her limbs
crackling and snapping like an electric charge tensing and contracting
her slim muscles.  Her young head filled with a white light, lights
sparkled and bloomed in her eyes.  A low
animal moan escaped her gluttonous mouth and reverberated around the
stranger's pulsing shaft of flesh.

Her young mouth automatically continued it's machine like suction
around the spurting rod, her small sperm slick hand shadowed her mouth
as it moved up and down the glistening pink prong.  Errant clots of
the Fat man's filthy spent sperm collected at the corners of her
engorged mouth as the fat rolls of her swollen lips pistoned up and
down as mucus like ribbons ran down the sides of her chin to drip on
the quivering cones of her young firm breasts.

His sweating chest heaving like a tub of tallow, the Fat Bearded man
raised his flushed face to gaze down at the two carmel colored girls
groveling between his thighs like piglets at a trough. His load spent,
he could feel his half deflated cock begin to prick and swell anew
under the eager attentions of the two young sluts.  The youngest, her
face streaked with the foul dregs of his old balls looked up at him,
her young mouth was distorted with his pink cock but her eyes smiled a
smile of thankfulness and contentment.
Strings of thick black hair stuck to her sweating forehead, some
clotted in the ribbons of his congealing lust that streaked her face.
Her ravenous lips were swollen with lust and curled obscenely as she
worked them up and down his saliva slick shaft.  Both girls glistened
with a patina of sweat as they earned the $20 he paid them.  The fat
man groaned with pleasure as he felt the older girl engulf a throbbing
tentacle in her voracious mouth and sucking and tonguing the precious
orb.

He looked down at the youngest girl, the one he originally paid for as
she nursed on the swelling sperm streaked knob of his cock.

"C'mon Princess, let's see how you like fucking a fat man!" he said
motioning to the slender young girl.

She looked down at Julia and even before she Julia repeated his demand
in Spanish, the sixteen year old knew and her heart jumped.

"El desea ver cmo usted tiene gusto de coger a un hombre gordo!" the
older girl repeated with a nod, a fat spit slick tentacle resting
against her flushed cheek.

The young teens heart skipped a beat at the sound of her pet name,
Princessa!  Her eager young body responded automatically, he sleek
legs raising her up, her cum stained breasts jiggling with the effort.
 She paused, her brown doe eyes taking in the shear obesity of the
man.  Her eyes ran over the pale gray flesh glistening with sweat,
matting the sparse black hair on his chest.  Her belly drew tight as
she hurried to mount the mountain of flaccid flab like a fly on a
steaming pile of shit. "Momma, was this what you wanted for me? For me
to give my precious po po to this "extranjero grotesco."  The question
went unanswered an errant thought lost in the vile depraved notion of
what she was about to do.  Give herself to this foul sweating heap of
a man, but Papa, yes, he reminded her of Papa.  The thought sent an
electric thrill though her and her young womb pulled tight as a squirt
of musk leaked from the tight lips of her virgin puss.





"Wait, alto, limpia esa mierda de usted" he said looking at the drying
sperm that streaked her face and torso.  "Clean that shit off," he
repeated throwing her a soiled bed cloth.

"Rapidemento!, cmo usted dice? Venido paseo la salchicha del hombre!"
he grunted impatiently.  Gawd! He just had to feel that tight young
cunt around his cock.

The pretty sixteen year old giggled at his words.  "Ride the fat man's
sausage indeed," she thought as she wiped herself, greedily catching a
clot of drying sperm with her tongue as she cleaned her cheek.

"Okay Princess, let's get you up here nice and easy like!" the older
man said, his face flushed with excitement.

Dropped the rag and eagerly moved to mount the giggling mound of fat
that was the older man. She propped her right knee on his fat thigh
and swung her slender left leg over his other thigh like she was
mounting a horse. The girth of his hips made her legs splay obscenely
causing her sticky matted labia to part lasciviously.  She shivered as
she felt the warm sliminess of the fat man's sweaty skin against her
own as she molded herself to him.  The young panting teen looked like
a jockey on the back of a horse as she clutched his hips with her
knees, legs bent, and pressed her chest and belly against the gray
blubbery mound of the man's fat gut.

She shuddered with excitement as she felt the wet prong she had so
lovingly sucked pressed against her erect clit as it lay hard against
her belly, trapped between them.  Before the eager sixteen year old 
could act, she felt Julia pull the trapped rod from between them as
the fat man groaned in her ear.

"That's right little Princess, your friend will take good care of
you." the fat man whispered in her ear as his fat hands dropped to cup
her rounded young buttocks and pry them apart.

Evita groaned as she felt the older girl slot the plum-like head up
and down the slimy wet groove between the young girl's labia. 
Instinctually, the young teen rotated her hips up to help her friend
slot the rigid stalk in the tiny mouth of her welcoming womb.

"U-h-h-h-h", the clutching lovers grunted in unison as the older girl
stuffed the head of the man's swollen dong into the resisting throat
of the girl's tight channel.
"My ga-w-w-d, little Princess, are you ever tight!" he chortled in her
ear.  "I really got my money's worth with you!" he said squeezing the
firm cheeks he held in each hand.

The young teens head reeled with trepidation and fear as she felt the
stretching pressure in her bottom until she heard the sweet reassuring
word.  "Princessa!"  All fear vanished, replaced by a consuming desire
to please the man, her Papa.  "No! he is a filthy extranjero Americano
defiling her little PoPo." a voice said inside her head.  A electric
touch against her swollen clit caused her to shudder, she clutched
tighter at the man's fat hairless chest. "A no! Es mi papa carioso,
my loving Papa." another, more needy, hungry voice cried out giving
sound to her moaning lips.

The fat man grinned in response to the words moaned by the trembling
teen.  "Her Papa, was it?"

"That's right little Princess, your Papa will take good care of you. 
He's going to fuck you nice and slow, fill you up with his big cock! "
the fat man whispered wetly to the trembling teen as he explored her
small ear with his tongue.

The wonderful words only half understood thrilled her as she clutched
at the fat man's belly and drove her bottom masochistically down
against the thirsty pink prong that strove to steal her virginity.
"O-h-h-h, mi  bonito Papa!" she cooed lost in a twisted fantasy.

The fat bearded man grit his teeth as he pushed his hips against the
tight pressure of the young teen's virgin cunt. He gloated as he felt
the slender form riding his hips stiffen and help as he pushed the
young buttocks gripped in his hands down against his invading prong.

Julia giggled with envy when the swollen red plum had popped past the
tight entrance to her friends young cunt.  She watched jealously  as
millimeter by millimeter the thick pink prong bored it's way into the
tight slick confines of the sixteen year old's virgin womb.  Her
jealous bottom tingled eager to cum again as she watched her friends
defilement at the hands of the fat sweating Americano.  Her brown eyes
drank in the sight of her friends pink flesh framed between the fat
hands gripping her buttocks,  as it stretched obscenely around the
rigid post that invaded her bottom.  Stretched to near translucence,
the young teen's labia wrapped tightly around the offending cock as it
nibbled it's way down the fat pink stalk.

The young teen shuddered as she felt the man's hands pushed her hips
downward and felt the thick head of the fat man's dong bore it's way
through her tender flesh defiling her most sacred treasure, never to
be regained.  Her young cunt spasmed around the thick invader as if
attempting to expel it in protest.  The sudden obscene and disgusting
reality of her act washed over her polluting her for all time.  It's
foul putrescence invading ever fiber of her being, blackening her very
soul.  Her little pink tongue snaked out from between defiled lips as
a evil smile slithered across her sperm stained face.  "Yes!" she
groaned in the fat man's ear, "Hgalo a m!, Do it to me! Papa!" Then
pushed herself erect.

With a vicious grunt the fat man  felt his cock sink deeply into the
young teens welcoming cunt. Evita felt the slight hesitation a sharp
pain then relief, like one felt when swallowing a large bite not well
enough chewed, as the blunt invader trampled her maidenhood and
rampaged into her sacred temple with slimy boots.

"U-h-h, A-h-h-h!" they both groaned as they felt the thick head of his
fat pink dong bottom against the back of her virgin womb.

"There Mamma, your daughter is a whore!" she thought with a vile
thrill. "At the hands of you husband, too!" she continued lost in her
grotesque fantasy.  Her sperm sated lips pulled back in a other
worldly smile as she looked down at the sweating face of the fat
American.  "Oh, mi Papa!" she cooed as she leaned over to kiss the man
on the mouth.  He thrust his fat tongue in the young teens mouth and
she nursed on the thick lingual member relishing the taste of stale
beer.  The young Latina wiggled her hips and felt her newly defiled
womb throb around the thick post piercing her guts.
The tight elastic tissues of her bottom rapidly accommodating the
cruel invader, and began to shower it with hot liquid lust.

The fat man groaned as he felt the fist tight pressure of the girl's
virgin cunt around his dong.  "Her cunt was milking him!" he thought
as he felt her pulsing around him as she greedily wiggled her hips
embedding his cock to the roots.  He felt the coolness of the older
girl's hands as she cupped and caressed his churning balls.  When the
girl broke the kiss his pig eyes watched her full young tits jiggle on
her small chest.  The chocolate brown nipples looked hard to bursting,
as a deep groove divided the crenellated  tips. He licked his lips. 
The young novice whore catching his glance knew instinctively.  She
cupped a plump breast in her own hand and offered the stiff nipple to
his wet puckered lips.  Evita shuddered as the feel of the hot wet
lips around her nipple and groaned at the older man's hard voracious
sucking.

Slowly, lost in her perverted fantasy her talented bottom began to
rock her pelvis forward breaking the tight liquid seal of flesh on
flesh as she worked the thick prong in and out of the tight clasp of
her new whore's cunt.

Her mind reeled, she was doing it, "Look Mamma! See me Papa! I am a
whore! A puta, a puta for any hombre with a stiff cock!"

Rolling her hips like an experienced whore, she sent her slick tight
cunt sliding up and down the veiny pink shaft stopping for an instance
to jealously clasp the thick red knob, before sliding down to impale
her slender body on the thick post.  Bestial grunts issued from her
lust slack lips as sweat beaded along her back.

Julia bent her dark head to tongue and lap at the man's swollen balls.
 She hefted the heavy hairless orbs marveling at the volume of seed
they must contain.  He eyes caught the pink eye of her friends anus as
her splayed cheeks rode up and down the older man's delightful pink
rod.  She leaned forward mischievously and tongued her friends bobbing
sphincter as it rose on a slow savorous upstroke.

"That's it Princess! How you like fucking a fat man?"  the corpulent 
man chortled pulling his sucking lips from a swollen chewed nipple,
livid teeth marks and hickeys already forming on the caramel orb.  He
paused and turned his attention to the  other hanging breast, biting
and chewing at the smooth flawless flesh.

The young girl road his rampant cock like an experienced whore.  He
slapped her firm flank urging her on like a thoroughbred.

"Cerdo, puerca, puta!" she called herself as she debased herself on
the stranger's cock.  He took up the litany calling her "whore, pig,
slut" and every vile name his lust fogged brain could recall.  All the
while he spanked at her firm buttocks and chewed and sucked at the
succulent breasts she offered him.  She was the lowest creature in
creation a willing whore, a puta!  "Mamma, Papa! See what I have
become!  See what you have made me!"

"Oh, Dios!" the fallen girl thought as the wave of sensations coursed
through her.  Her swollen clit rubbed and chaffed against the shaft of
the fat man's prick, her nipples were on fire sending tingles through
her to buzz and tickle her stuffed drooling bottom.
Her body tensed as she plunged down the erect staff, impaling herself
once again on the thick pole of gristle.  She felt the thick knob of
his cock collide with her pristine cervix, the breath left her as an
invisible fist hit the pit of her stomach, the breathlessness bloomed
into a white light in her brain, a low moan oozed from her slack lips
as she experienced her first climax.  Her young legs  pumped her
mindless body up and down the glorious shaft that gave her pleasure
while her spasming cunt leaked rivers of musk.

The clutching spasms of the teen's climaxing womb were too much for
the fat man, and his pink nozzle began to hose the young girl's guts
with his rancid seed.

"Oh, Papa!" she croaked as the sensation of the swollen spewing cock 
Sent a second sick climax through her on the heels of the first.

She grunted and shuddered as she felt the hot liquid splash against
the wall of her defiled temple.  The guilty filth squelched and
squished from around her clasping labia to wet the Fat Man's balls
where Julia eagerly supped.  The young Latina grunted and shuddered
like a lowly bitch in heat as she road out the second vile climax. 
Her nimble body climbed and clawed to greedily soil itself with a
third filthy climax upon the fat man's wilting cock.

The three sinful hedonists groveled amid the filth of their mingled
secretions.  The young teen, soiled by her introduction to the world
of fleshly pleasures, lay gasping upon the fat man's sallow chest,
plucking her fingers through his thin matted chest hair.

She knew what she had become, and...she...loved...it!  She wanted more,
wanted more strangers and their wonderful cocks!
Her young cunt throbbed at the thought! 

The once pristine temple of her womb blackened for all times by the
potent seed of the fat bearded American.  Deep within her despoiled
belly clots of  wormy sperm choked the mouth of her bruised and
swollen cervix.  Spawns of wriggling soldiers marched like an army
into her fertile womb to deface her flawless garden.  They sought and
found the fertile soil and formed a foul union that in 9 months time
would indelibly write the words whore and slut  upon her soul.  In her
long life she would have strange cocks aplenty, as she foolishly
wished.  The pretty young Latina, trim and lithe, knew not that this
first foul act had condemned her to the life of a cock drudge.




Chapter 57

The two men stumbled along the dark road trying to remember the
convoluted path back to the small hospice.  Neither were in good humor
as the "club" filled with teenage Latina's was not their cup of tea. 
The Mustached One saw a movement in the dark and lashed out a booted
foot at the cur that cowered in the shadows and smiled when he felt it
connect with scrawny flesh and heard the dog yelp in pain.

"Damn waste of time, those young cunts wouldn't know how to suck a
proper dick!" he said aloud remembering the two giggling girls that
had joined them at their table. Shit! It would have been like sleeping
with is kid sister.

His black companion grunted in agreement at he picked his way through
the narrow street dodging the reeking piles of dog shit and other
refuse.

"Well, we got a few cold beers, and the other two found something they
liked." he said referring to the two men they called companions.  The
young blond and corpulent bearded man had disappeared into the back
rooms with giggling companions  hortly before they decided to head
back to their rooms and the half filled bottle of rum.

"What I'd like is a piece of that honey staying in the room at our
place." the hulking black said with a wistful chuckle.

"You and me both.  Trouble is the only way we'd ever have a crack at
her is to pay for it, and I venture it would be a month's salary. 
Besides, her Bolivian friend probably wouldn't be too inclined to
share his mistress with a couple of grunts like us."  With that they
walked on, the heat of the night only adding to their frustration.


"You fucking whore!  I said swallow it all!" the burly man said in
Spanish as he mashed his hips into the upturned face, his hands
wrapped in disheveled blond hair.  "A good puta must learn to do what
the customer wants!" he said with a cruel laugh as he forced his brown
cock down the throat of the white woman.  He grinned in the dim light
and winked at his companion who was busy at the upturned buttocks of
the woman.  The pale form of the woman knelt cross wise on a narrow
bed that had been pulled into the center of the small room.  Her
piteous grunts of protest mingled with the heavy breathing of the men
as they sate themselves on her bruised body.  The burly man settled
into a rhythmic cadence thrusting his hips in and out of the woman's
mouth as he pulled her
blond head back by the hair.  His slender companion, his pock marked
face barely visible in the dim light of the lamp, grasped the woman's
full tanned hips.  His bony hands splayed the fleshy cheeks to improve
his view as his long slender cock sawed in and out of the woman's
freshly fucked cunt.
"Our padron can really pick them, eh?" the slender man said with a
high pitched giggle.  "Such a beautiful Anglo bitch, too!  I look
forward to fucking you for a long time, puta!" he said smacking one
fleshy moon of her splayed as s for emphasis, not caring if she
understood or not.  He knew that the Inspector let them have the pick
of his stable of whores whenever he felt generous.  He knew that he
would choose this beauty, for as long as she remained so.  He
sniggered as he thought, " If she did not learn quickly, her beauty
would fade beneath the fists of his Padron. Like the pretty redheaded
Australian tourista.  Too bad she felt it necessary to kill herself.

Genevieve groaned at the stinging slap to her buttock.  Misreading
it's meaning she whimpered and desperately increased the rotation of
her womanly buttocks and squeezed the exhausted muscles of her vagina
once more around the strange cock in her protesting cunt.  "God, no!"
her mind screamed, as she automatically relaxed her throat to accept
the stiff rod of the burly man as it bottomed against the back of her
bruised throat.  She moaned in horror as she felt her tongue
automatically stroke the long prong embedded in her throat, while her
cheeks hollowed, their soft tissue clinging to the throbbing rod of
gristle as it slowly withdrew.  Her mind screamed in silent torment
imprisoned in the fleshy automaton that labored to please her two
rapists.  The beautiful American knelt crosswise on the bed rocking to
and fro as the men thrust their cocks into her.  Her full heavy
silicon tits swayed like bell clappers beneath her, her thick
traitorous nipples hard and erect.

"M-m-m-m-m!, N-u-u-u-u-w! she groaned in protest as she felt a thick
thumb press against her raw anus.  The abused flesh offered little
resistance as the thick digit gouged into her bowels.  The one time
beauty queen didn't have time to dwell on the new humiliation, the
burly man reached under her rocking torso to grasp her swaying
breasts.  His thick fingers found the thick erect nubs of her teats
and cruelly pinched and plucked at them as he continued to fuck her
upturned face.  She winched at the new pain and flinched away from the
man's touch.  The man chuckled releasing the fat hanging orbs.  He
stepped back, withdrawing his thick cock to sway wetly in the dim
light.

"Las nuevas putas nunca aprenden." he said as he brought his right
fist down into the face of the unsuspecting woman.  The wet sound of
bone on flesh mingled with the wet fleshy sounds of masculine hips on
upturned buttocks and cock stirring wet quim.

The beautiful woman grunted then sobbed in surprise as the burly man's
fist caught her along  the left side of her nose and lip. Her
surgically sculpted nose flattened under the impact and her full upper
lip split against the hardness of her front capped tooth the instant
before it was driven from it's socket.

"Usted debe aprender. Usted es una puta." he growled pulling her head
back by the hair.  Then stroking her bloodied swelling face with a
touch of tenderness.  "Una vez una puta bonita" he said with a trace
of regret at having ruined such a beautiful face.  "No entertaining
the social elite now", he thought, "A pity.  But there were all level
of demanding cocks to be satisfied. Many unconcerned with the woman's
looks only the tightness of her cunt and fullness of her breasts."  He
stepped forward, his newly surging cock waving millimeters from the
bloody swollen lips of the woman's maimed face.

The shocked woman felt her face swelling, and tasted the salty blood
filling her mouth.  Her wide green eyes saw the purple head of the
man's swollen cock offered to her bleeding lips and knew what she had
to do.  The lesson learned, she paused long enough to spit out the
dislodge tooth and leaned forward.  She raised her tear filled green
eyes to the man standing over her, parted her swelling bleeding lips
with a sob and wrapped them around the dripping crown of his demanding
cock.

The dark haired Inspector sat at the candle lit table in the courtyard
and listened to the muffled sounds that came from the small room.  He
stroked his thin moustache with satisfaction as he sipped at a shot of
Baccardi rum poured from a half filled bottle.  He shifted his thigh
making himself more comfortable as his spent cock thickened in
response to the sobs and whimpers coming from the distant room. 
Earlier the woman's distress at the hands of his men had brought out
several other guests, he had sent them, including the establishment's
Mamasita back to their rooms with a withering glance.  The extranjero
senora was not her affair he had informed them.  He turned his dark
eyes toward the sound of steps at the entry way.  "Ah, the Norte
Americano's return!" he thought to himself.

"Compadres! Welcome." he said with a warmth his eyes did not reflect.

The mustached team leader and the large black man walked up to the
small table and sat sown, pouring themselves a drink in silence.

"Allow me to introduce myself." dark Bolivian officer said.  "dark
Bolivian officer said.  " I am Alfredo Torquemada, Inspector in the
Policia Especial Boliviana."  He raised his glass in toast, "Salude"
he said.

The two men looked at each other, the man's words only confirmed what
they had suspected.

"What brings you here to share our bottle?" The mustachioed leader
asked as he took a sip of the pungent liquor.

"Let me assure you I am not here regarding you. Rather  I am here in
regard to someone in my employ.  I believe you met her earlier.
Senora Falwell." he said matter of factly.  "There is no way to put
this delicately, and we are all men here.  You see the Senora is a
whore in my employ." He took a slow sip holding the glass with both
hands, watching the men over the rim. "She is not just a whore, but a
very special whore." he said setting the glass down studying its
contents. "She is quite twisted you see.  She is one of the special
breed of whores that likes it very rough."

"She came to my country and sought me out, ashamed no doubt by her
carnal cravings, not wanting to ply her trade where others might know
her."

A faint moaning wail came from the direction of the woman's room.  "As
you can hear she is enjoying herself at this very moment entertaining
two of my compatriots." he said raising his glass.  "Senors, for the
service you do my country towards it's energy independence, I will
have the Senora entertain you for the price of the drink you have been
so generous to share with me."

"My friends will be finished directly, you can have her for the night.
 We will return in the morning to collect her.  Oh, one more thing my
friends." he said, his voice lowering. "Do not believe her stories,
you see.  The poor woman constructs a world of fantasy about herself."
He said looking into the men's eyes, seeing the eager hunger. They
would believe anything now.
"How else could someone with such twisted desires live with
themselves, no?" he said continuing.  "No doubt she has told you about
her search for her phantom daughter." He paused to take a sip savoring
the lie and the liquor.  "A quite convenient fiction for one lost in
her own world of depraved lust."




Chapter 58

The fat old Padre lay on the dusty blanket his back against the
saddle.  His dirty cassock gaped at the waist, and he watched as the
young Indian girl, Maria, rode his thickly swollen cock.  She squatted
above him and rose up and down, slowly, almost painfully slowly, as
the thick black log of his cock buried itself again and again in her
tight anus.  He grit his strong white teeth as the tight ring of her
sphincter squeegeed his cock as it slid up and down. His dark eyes
watched the muscles of her legs and splayed buttocks flex with the
effort of repeated squats. Her large pendulous breasts swung beneath
her chest as her torso supported by her arms on her knees.

He could barely see the girl's face, her tongue protruding through her
lips as she concentrated.  He knew she enjoyed it as much as he.  She
was a slut, a village whore, she knew her place and was resigned to
her life as such.  He felt the metallic coolness against his thigh on
the down stroke.  It was her whore's bell hanging from her pierced
labia.  The mark of her trade to all who knew its' meaning.  She was
theirs to take, any way, any time, anywhere.
Even her father and brothers.  Yes, he knew the twisted incestuous
desires the young girl had. He had even watched once, her father and
brothers had left her well greased for him afterwards.

Maria's legs burned with the effort, but not as hot as her throbbing
sphincter and empty gaping cunt.  The hot stretching sensation in her
anus was maddening and made her impale herself with even more
masochistic delight.

"U-h-h-h, a-a-a-h-h" she grunted as she felt the long black rod stuff
her bowels, pushing her intestines aside as it bulled into her eager
guts. She felt a thrill each time her brown bottom felt the touch of
the fat priest's kinky black pubes.  She grunted and moaned with
animalistic glee as she felt the thick rod expand stretching her even
more as the old man's orgasm approached.  She dropped a small hand
between her spread thighs and began to hurriedly rub and tug at the
swollen nub above her gaping wet cunt.  Her slack tongue hung from her
lips as she concentrated on her own climax, trying to join the old
priest in sinful fulfillment.

"Yes, sodomy!" the old priest thought.  "The vileness, the filthiness
of it was...sublime!"  In the past few weeks, with the help of the young
Anglo slut, he had learned the true meaning of lust. "He had reveled
in the slime of sin and felt it bring new power to his once impotent
cock.  He knew once again what it meant to be a man, not some celibate
sheep, regurgitating the baseless pabulum fed to him by a distant
hierarchy of gelded intellects.

Now he knew the true power to change a life, the power wielded by
churchmen of old.  The power to enslave and to degrade, to free and to
lift up.  His soul filled with gladness, silent mirth at the sights
and sounds of others suffering.  Laughter at their ignorance and their
eagerness to serve simply because they had been told to at birth.  His
mind reeled at the number of fresh wet cunts, clasping young rectums
and eager sucking lips would be his to control, to use, and all with
the help of their ignorant and compliant parents.

The potent sperm filling his balls foamed at the thought, eager to
quench his unholy lust and defile and soil the innocent.

"Yes, there would be others, Maria, even the beautiful young slut's
whorish sister.  But in God's sight there was no other so low, so
deserving of degradation, than the beautiful young American slut,
Rachel."

He felt his swollen rod jump at the thought, his balls churning like a
volcanic cauldron, his holy sperm roiling and frothing at the thought
of the lowly slut that awaited him.  His mind pondered at what he
might find.  Was she even alive?  What had the Captain and his men now
moldering along the trail, done to the young whore before being
killed?  Had she been with them?  His questions were lost as his brain
filled with the blank whiteness of his climax. The moans of the young
Bolivian whore mingled with his.  Her fleshy hips squirmed and wiggled
as she pistoned up and down pumping out her orgasm around the holy
man's spurting cock embedded deep in her spasming rectum.



Steve Falwell paused his writing and stared into space, his eyes
seeing nothing but the vision of his daughter Rachel clear and real in
his mind.  He began to write again his pen driven by guilt.  The
thought of his beautiful daughter patently waiting for him,
administering to the poor of the village under the care of the old
mulatto catholic priest.  He felt a brief pang of guilt, his guilt
seemed to absolve itself under the touch of the pretty Indian girl's
tongue against the underside of his bare cock.  Her warm clinging lips
assuaged the guilt he felt, but the self loathing at having betrayed
all he believed in still stung, but with each passing day stung less.

 Roselita knelt between the white missionary's legs as he sat at the
small table writing.  She tongued the smooth swollen dome of  his
dong, kissed it, then ran her full lips along it's length, bathing it
with her warm saliva.  Her full lips caressed it then engulfed the
head it in her hot wet mouth.  A low moan announced the relish with
which she performed her task, pumping her mouth up and down the stony
length as her little fist pumped the rod up and down.

Falwell fought to concentrate, to finish his letter to his waiting
virtuous daughter.  Yes, he had fallen for this little ravenous whore.
Seduced by her rapacious innocence, he had fallen.  The lust she had
released in him had even driven him to have filthy fantasies of his
beloved Rachel.   Yes, even a father could not fail to notice the full
womanly curves of a beauty such as her.  "Thank god, Rachel and her
sister were not like their slattern of a mother.
God had seen that they were raised with virtue and protected from
vice.  He knew and was proud that his daughters would make something
of themselves.  The insistent suction on his dong broke his
concentration as his climax neared, he felt the pulsing in his
draughty balls.  The young slut kept them all but drained dry.  He
felt the almost painful pumping of his prostate as it fought to pump
up the dregs from his bottomed testacles.  With a groan, the thick
mucky grounds pumped from his withered balls into the hungry sucking
mouth of the Bolivian girl. Obscene slurping gurgles rang in his ears
as the girl's ravening mouth gulped at the thick ochor that extruded
from his veiny member like ribbons of paste.  His balls ached as the
young slut's practiced fingers coaxed the last teeming morsels from
them. Roselita cast her adoring eyes on the face of the white man
looming over her.  The young Indian girl rubbed her bare sensitive
breasts against his naked hairy thighs.  She savored the taste of his
seed as she supped at the alter of lust, communing with him, feasting
on his mortal essence.  She smiled inwardly at the  thought of their
union of the flesh. The young wanton was content, in her mind they
were one.  The communion of lust they shared and the bond of fleshly
intimacy they had forged would transcend all.  She was one with him
never to be parted.  The bastardized teachings of the white holy men
said as much.  Didn't Steven and her share the same bond, through the
same act as the Christ did with his disciples?  They partook of each
other's fleshy essence and the two became one.  Yes, it was so. She
smiled, licking the pasty residue of their communion from her swollen
lips.

Falwell's eyes closed as he shuddered under the climax, but not before
he resolved to redeem himself and return to his pious daughter.




Chapter 59

The tall white girl gobbled and sucked at the hairy putrescent pit
that was the fat Indian woman's sterile womb. Her flat belly tensed at
the sounds coming from outside the open door.  She felt a longing to
smell the musky odor of her demanding ravisher, but her pert freckled
nose was clotted with the rank excreta from the fat woman's swampy
cunt.  The fat liverish lips of her blood swollen and distended vulva
lapped at the beautiful American girls  hollowing cheeks, smearing her
smooth skin with the thick sap of the older woman's abnormal lust. 
Weeks ago the young woman, her life of intellectual thought and pious
undertaking thoroughly mapped out, would have shrieked madly at the
mere sight of such an unimagined blasphemy.  But here, in this
forbidding jungle Gomorrah, she willing groveled and debased herself
for others pleasure.  Her mind twisted and poisoned by the struggle
between her unholy cravings and self loathing sprung from guilt.  The
tortured brain behind the beautiful face no longer craved ordinary
satisfaction.  Like a demented junkie, only degradation, torment and
mortification would satiate the grotesque throbbing demon between her
legs.

Disgust and revulsion combined with the thrill of taboo violation,
self loathing and guilt, the rank stink of the fat woman's cunt 
infused her limbic system.  She relished the insistent burning in the
tips of her weighty hanging breasts, as the hungry curs gorged
themselves with her milk. They pulled and tugged with needle like
teeth at the veiny hanging glands as they nursed at her raw cigar butt
thick nipples.  The sensations merged with those throbbing through her
engorged clit.  The ache between her legs overpowered conscious
thought, like some primal animal, she could only raven.  Self hatred
bloomed as her nervous system craved the flood of endorphins that only
humiliating pain could bring.  She wallowed in a sea of black mire,
drifting languidly as it seeped through her baptizing her soul with
it's putrid filthy pleasure.  Out of foul bestial need, the pathetic
young blond snaked a free hand back between the greedy cur pups
feasting at the pale engorged sacks of her fluid swollen breasts to
find the throbbing tormentor between her quivering thighs.  Her nimble
fingers found her breakfast sausage thick clitoris and began  to twist
and pull at the ring that pierced its base.  Her moans were muffled as
her mouth rooted in the wet mop of coarse black hair that veiled the
older woman's reeking labia.  The innocent tinkling of the whore's
bells filled the room as the hungry pups rooted at the taut skin of
her swollen breasts.

The beautiful young teen moaned.  If her lust drugged brain had been
capable of thought she would have admitted to herself that she craved
it, no, she loved it, loved it more than she had loved anything in her
live.  The thrill that coursed through her, the hot  burning thrill of
depravity, of sin.  Yes, she was lost, she would admit.  But the
scalding sensations, the pain, the utter wickedness of it all.  Yes,
it was worth it.  But a gnawing emptiness twisted her guts.  Then she
remembered, she jerked against the gnawing teeth of the nursing pups
and gloated as the sharp pain pierced the wonderful encompassing fog
of pleasure that engulfed her. The sick thrill coursed through her
igniting sated nerves.  She humped her torso pulling and jerking her
fat wobbling breasts against the sharp grasping teeth of the hungry
pups.  Yes, the sharp tendrils of pain cut through the dull lulling
pleasure to prick and spark along the greasy slick length of her clit.
"More" her animal mind screamed , "Give me more!".  

"U-h-h-h, m-m-m-m-h", she moaned as her own fingers plucked and
twisted cruelly at the engorged finger of her pierced clit.  The
pulling an tugging of the ring was not enough, she scratched and
scrapped the red sticky flesh with the nubs of her cracked dirty
nails, drawing blood.  The young slut rocked her arched bottom from
side to side as she feasted at the squalid swamp of the Bolivian
woman's cunt.  Her pert nose blew bubbles in the thick aqueous filth
that oozed from the depths of the wet gash as she snuffled and snorted
as her own excitement grew.

The fat woman sprawled on the chair above her grunted like the fat sow
she was as the white teen licked and sucked at the little grub of her
swollen clit.  She moaned as the white girl's pink tongue wriggled
deep into the cesspool of her distended belly.  She reached around the
skirt of fat hanging from her belly and grasped the teen's blond burry
head in her fat hands pulling her face deep into her wet crevasse. 
She felt the short bristles of the teen's newly shorn head beneath her
hands.  She glanced down and smiled at the sight of the shorn blond
tresses lying on the floor around the groveling ripe teen.

The sound of the large cur's feet on the wooden floor was lost amid
the snuffling snorts and the roaring of lust driven blood in Rachel's
ears.  The old cook stood at the door and watched as the large mangy
brown cur trotted up behind the kneeling girl and mounted her without
a pause.

Rachel grunted in surprise, her lone arm nearly buckling, breath
driven from her lungs under the familiar weight of the large cur.  Her
bottom knotted in delightful anticipation as still another obscene
piece of her world fell neatly into place.  The attractive teen braced
herself splaying her knees and snuggling her wet face deeper in the
fetid cleft of the woman's crotch, her forehead pressed against the
loose stretch marked flesh of the Indian's belly.  Her lone arm
stiffened and her pale muscular back flexed to accept the weight of
the hairy beast.  Her heavy breasts swayed beneath her like lanterns,
pulled outward by long red nipples clamped between the teeth of the
hungry pups.  The tinkling of her whores bells playing a mocking tune.

The cook watched as the large dog pranced on his muscular hind legs.
It's deep hairy chest seemed to mold perfectly with the girl's
downward arched back, fitting into the deep muscular groove along her
spine.  The cur's front legs clasped the pale girl's waist, finding
purchase just in front of the fullness of her hips.  The cur's  scabby
brown muzzle thrust outward at the end of a long muscular neck,
straining to penetrate the girl. The cook watched as the dog's lean
hindquarters humped back and forth, black hair covered balls jangling
between dancing legs.  He could see the red meaty sausage of the cur's
dong swaying beneath the brown hairy belly, swabbing the inside of the
beautiful teen's lean muscular thighs with each thrust.  The teen's
thighs shone with slime from the dog's leaking cock.  Saliva dripped
from the cur's flews as it desperately tried to sheath the red
dripping cock in the straining teen's cunt.  The dog's tongue lolled
from it's great jaws, streaming saliva to drip on the pretty girls
pale back varnishing the sleek sides of her ribcage.

The saliva slick skin of her ribcage shone like alabaster veined with
fading welts and scratches.  Her ribs shown through skin drawn tight
by the weight of  her perilously engorged breasts, swinging like twin
clappers beneath her.

Rachel groaned into the wet morass of the woman's cunt with demented
frustration, her evil clitoris throbbed as she clawed and scratched at
the fat cylinder of nerves. She moaned an eager giggle when she felt
the thick wet tube of  the cur's pumping dong rub against the back of
her hand.  She released her tortured clit and tried to capture the
delightful rod of bestial gristle as it swapped the inside of her
trembling thighs.  She stiffened and moaned as the heavy swaying tube
rubbed against her arrogant  finger thick clitoris.

A moan of frustration escaped her wet swollen lips only to bubble  the
thick mixture of saliva and slime pooling in the fat Indian's cunt. 
Her pale little fingers danced a familiar duel with the thick swaying 
red tube.  The beautiful teen tensed her legs and buttocks, opening
the wide cleft between the muscular mounds.  Her sparse blond pubes,
matted with her own liquid excitement, seemed to bristle in
anticipation, rising from their wet repose amid the lines of brass
rings piercing her slick labia in anticipatory salute to welcome the
girl's bestial master.

Success!  The beautiful young teen tensed as her hand closed around
the thrusting red shaft, she moaned an anxious giggle as she felt the
slimy rough texture of the bestial dong beneath her desperately eager
fingers. A hunger welled up in her chest, it burned like molten metal
as it raced through her slim muscular limbs as the thick meaty club
slicked back and forth in her small pale hand spurting thin hot jets
of the eager beast's sperm, as she guided it to the splayed dripping
cleft of her gaping labia.

The beautiful girl's profanity caused the old cook's short thick cock
to twitch and swell.  He shook his head in refusal of the blasphemous
sight, but could not avert his eyes.  He had watched this cur and
others mount her, but he had never shaken the shear raw perversity of
it from his mind.  He had watched the beautiful yanqui girl debase
herself for the whole platoon of soldiers.  Even the depraved act his
wife now made her perform was bad, but with an animal, it was
different.  She was damning her soul to hell for all times so great
was the sacrilege.  She chose to be a whore bitch to a lowly cur dog. 
She willing desecrated the beauty and sanctity of the temple of her
god-given body for a lowly beast.

The sight of it made the putrid sperm boil in his withered balls.

His eyes were agog, watching as the pretty young woman's small hand,
trembling with anticipation, eagerly guided the red dripping club to
the entrance of her defiled cathedral. He heard the muffled groan of
satisfaction as the tiny hand guided the oscillating red shaft of vein
wrapped gristle into the yawning mouth of  the young woman's womb. 
The pretty teen thrilled to the feel of the animal's filthy hot sperm
as it jetted from the thick staff to bath her swollen sensitive
clitoris.

Rachel shuddered as the thick bestial dong stretched the mouth of her
hot eager vagina, teased for an instant as the great beast's instincts
took hold, then slid full length into her hot sucking cunt. Her shorn
head shot up and a laughing moan of satisfaction gurgled from her
outstretched throat as she felt the wrist thick shaft butt against her
greedy cervix as the length of the animal cock filled her leaking
bottom to bursting.  Tears of gratitude welled in her wide blue eyes
as the cur's hips continued their stattacco cadence, pumping the thick
blue veined shaft in and out of  her hungrily clasping quim.  The
beautiful girl pursed her lips and dropped her slime slick face back
to the cesspool between the fat woman's thighs and ran her pink tongue
over the nub of the fat woman's clitoris with renewed relish.

The fat cook rubbed his hands on his dirty pantaloons as he watched
the large dog humping against the pretty girl's upturned bottom. The
large dog's hindquarters pranced between the teen's splayed pale
calves, large black balls jangling between the beast's hairy rear legs
as the cur pumped his heavy log like dong into the eager young teen's
unresisting cunt.  The insides of the girl's thighs ran with her
excitement mingled with the cur's thin sperm.

Rachel grunted and moaned as she tensed her legs to support the weight
of the heavy beast.  Her head spun with the stretching sensation in
her bottom as the cur's thick log pumped in and out. She luxuriated in
the obscene feel of the cur's coarse hair against her pale thighs and
back, and the warm softness of his belly against her tensed up turned
buttocks. She met the cur's rapid pumping with a rocking backward that
kept cadence with her grunts.  Each thrust sent the red blue veined
monster deep in her clasping cunt, battering against the weeping stump
of her cervix and skittering off to gouge the far wall of her
stretched vagina.  Only the thick mass of the cur's knot battering
against the swollen pierced lips of the teen's vulva prevented the
bestial rod from rupturing the abused envelope of her womb.  A
masochistic need was satisfied by the nauseating ache in the pit of
the young missionaries stomach as the cur's long battering ram
destroyed her last semblance of humanity.  Human flesh and will
succumbed to hard bestial flesh and instinct.

A hungry groan bubbled from her lips as she reached back between her
legs with both arms, her heavy torso supported by her wet face against
the swamp of the fat woman's quim. Her arms squeezed past the heavy
hanging masses of  her oversized udders as causing the ravening pups
to pull and champ at the bleeding nipples clasped in their small jaws.
The new rush of pain barely pierced the veil of need that clouded her
sick hungry mind as one set of fingers spread her fat swollen vulva,
feeling the rough surface of the slime coated rod pistoning in and out
of  her desecrated cunt.
A whine of frustration oozed from her slime coated lips until her
other searching fingers caught the cur's oscillating knot and began to
force it past the resisting mouth of her ravaged sanctuary.

"A-h-h-h-h-h-h-h, G-a-w-w-w-w-w-d!" she moaned to the depraved
ethereal being, author of  her profane desecration, as the thick mass
of canine flesh choked the throat of her womb, stretching the corrupt
flesh to near rending.  Her masochistic fingers forcing the muscular
bulge into the scarred channel of her lickering quim.

The excited Bolivian cook waddled to the perversion formed by the
melding of the two women and the humping beast.  The sweating
salivating monstrosity was animated by the engine of the cur's
muscular loins.  His savage thrusting, mirrored by the masochistic
motion of the fallen young woman, caused the grotesque flesh of the
fat Indian woman to roll and jiggle like a putrescent mound of cottage
cheese.  He was careful to stay distant from the humping cur, wary of
his slavering jaws.  His dark eyes watched as the large cur humped
brutally against the thrusting pale cheeks of the beautiful girl's
upturned bottom, the beast's front legs jealously gripping the teen's
narrow midsection, it's thick neck thrust out, straining over the
girl's swayed back.  It was the picture of base primal lust, the large
cur straining with every fiber of his being to bury his fat leaking
dong as deeply as possible into the guts of young white teen. For her
part, the rapacious slut groveled and moaned willfully accepting
debasement by the mindless beast.  Her own base instincts reducing her
to a level even below the cur.  Straining to accept the cur's seed in
a futile act of blasphemous procreation.  On they humped as the cur's
huge knot continued to swell in the ravaged confines of the girl's
choked cunt, stretching and wrenching the fragile tissues of her once
hallowed treasure.

The fat man jerked and pulled at his pantaloons until he freed the
stump of his cock and offered it to the glistening face of his
corpulent wife.  She raised a brown hand to cup the sagging orbs of
his sparsely haired balls as he fed the swollen sprig to her gaping
lips.  He began to move his fat hips back and pumping his prick in and
out of her mouth, never once taking his eyes off the rutting couple.

The sensation was like nausea, a gut tearing nausea.  The pounding of
the cur's dong bruising, like a fist to her guts, the horrific painful
pressure of the cur's swelling knot like a growing cancerous tumor
threatening to engulf her insides.  "Yes! She loved it, gawd yes!" she
would have thought with a masochistic thrill.  To die impaled on the
end of the large beast's cock would have been her fondest wish if her
degenerate brain could have held a conscious thought. But the poor
beautiful teen humped like a mindless bitch slut, supping at the
suppurating wound of the fat woman's quim, while her little cunt was
stuffed with the thick red vein encrusted post of the cur's spurting
cock.

Supporting herself on her hands and knees the beautiful American whore
thrust back against the hairy belly of the mangy cur while the fat
cook slaked his wife's foul thirst with the syrup of his rancid seed. 
The mindless beast strove to fill his instinctual need to dominate the
female before him and filled the beggarly teen's gluttonous womb with
vein wrapped length of his spouting dong. The cur's thin hot sperm
hosed into the depths of the young girl's  greedy cunt, pooling behind
the profane dam of  the beast's obscenely large knot.  The hairy
flanks of the beast continued to hump against the girl's smooth
upturned bottom in futility the large ball of blood engorged gristle
locking them together. The thin hot seed of the great beast washed the
walls of the bitch's cunt, inundating her sanctuary like a foul tide.
But nothing could slake her perverse need.  Like a insatiable glutton,
the masochistic slut jerked and pulled against the impossibly huge orb
of bestial flesh lodged in the throat of her defiled womb.  She
groaned with the pain of rending flesh as she strove to punish herself
for her willful perversion and blasphemy.  A free hand snaked between
the grotesquely fat melons of her pendulous swollen breasts to claw at
her thickly swollen clitoris.

The cook's fat wife lapped and  sucked at her husband's stump of a
cock, her free hand kneading his heavy balls. She felt the talented
tongue of the young American slut playing over the throbbing lump of
her clitoris bringing her to climax. A low gurgle sounded from her
chest as the tingling knot in her fat belly began to grow.
Muscles tensed beneath inches of flaccid flab as she wallowed and
grunted like a rutting sow. Her tongue lolled over the head of the
cook's brown cock, he grunted and a jet of yellowish sperm jetted into
her gaping mouth as they joined in obscene release.

Rachel's pale neck arched, the flush of pleasure rose from within the
valley between her huge heavy breasts to color her glistening  slick
face.  Her lust swollen lips parted, admitting a bestial wailing moan,
as her fingers plucked and scraped at the rigid finger of her pierced
clit.

The pale teen's muscular body began to buck and thrash as she
shuddered through an immoral and polluted orgasm.  Her shorn head
thrashed, sweat streamed down her sleek flanks and her arms buckled as
the black liquid fire shot through her, as if even her desecrated
flesh was in rebellion.

"O-h-h-h-h, g-a-w-w-w-w-d, u-h-h-h-h-h-h" she grunted as yet another
current of depraved sensation shot through her as she jerked against
the lump of bestial flesh lodged in her womb like meat in the throat
of a choking glutton. She jerked and moaned, her fat veiny breasts
wobbling beneath her, scattering droplets of sweat. Their merry nipple
bells tinkling a tune of squalorous lust as hungry pups sucked and
chewed receiving gobbet after gobbet of rich nourishment from the
girl's heavy hanging melons.

The mangy cur's rapacious humping diminished along with the dribbling
flow of bestial seed topping the young girl's distended womb. The
great beast's jealous hold on the teen's fleshy hips diminished, his
base instinct met.  But not her's.  The impious slut continued to rock
and thrust against the fleshy club imbedded in her guts, as she strove
to eek out the smallest measure of degradation, pain and submission to
slake her profane perversion.
Her mind awash with the foul dregs of her unholy pleasure, she vaguely
felt the cur's weight lift from her  back and felt a sudden thrilling
pain as if her very womb was being torn from it's mooring.  She
groaned as the pain blossomed into still another cursed climax, and
grunted and squealed as she was pulled backward off her knees by the
huge cur, his knot still firmly embedded in her spasming cunt. Her
hands clawed at the floor as the cur walked toward the open door
dragging her behind him.  The girl's pale writhing form leaving a dark
wet smear along the floor from her mingled sweat and guilty
secretions.  The voracious pups followed pulling and champing at her
fat udders as they dragged along the floor   The large cur leaned
toward the door as if walking into a high wind, dragging the girl
behind him.  The young blasphemer flopped and writhed wetly as she
wallowed  in painful pleasure connected to the beast by the red wrist
thick column of his cock  Her damp slick skin became smudged and
stained with the filth from the dirty floor as she dragged behind the
straining cur like a pale fleshy appendage. The two were joined as one
by the pipe of bestial flesh and gristle.  The whole of the young
teen's pierced vulva bulged abhorrently as the clinging feminine flesh
refused passage of the blood swollen ball of the cur's huge knot.

Her twisted need welcomed the excruciating pain, transforming it into
yet another bubble of pleasure that burst filling the vacuum of the
beautiful girl's mind.




Chapter 60
 
The mindless thing rutted and humped against her abuser as if
competing to win some priceless reward.  A rivulet of blood dribbled
over her full bottom lip and down her chin.  The red liquid pooled
behind her lip and outlined each white tooth exposed in a rictus of a
smile.  The rich red blood welled up from around the large thick ring
piercing her pink tongue far enough down it's length that it prevented
her from closing her mouth.  The thick ring jerked and pulled against
the hook screwed firmly into the edge of the bar, with each
enthusiastic thrust of her wide fleshy hips.

"Uhhh-uhhh-uhhh-uhhh"  she groaned, each expelled breath marking a
brutal thrust of her hips against a stranger's invading cock.
Hattori, the old scabby Japanese, sat and sipped his drink through the
brown stumps of his rotting teeth.  His dark slitted eyes watched the
freckled ivory form of the young American teenager hump back against
the blue uniformed railroad worker.  She stood stooped from her narrow
waist, looking as thought she was held in place by her tongue nailed
to the dirty bar.  Her muscular legs were flexed slightly at the
knees, her slim ankles held apart by a length of wood fastened between
them.  Her round ample buttocks were thrust out to accept the man's
brown cock, the deep cleft between them glistened.  The girl's fat
breasts hung below her chest swinging and beating against one another
with the motion of her thrusts.   Her slim arms were drawn back behind
her looking like folded wings, wrapped in coarse rope.  The tortured
skin at her shoulder joints was a blue gray, matching that of her
small hands.

Hattori mused to himself as he watched the girl hump back against the
second of the two blue clothed strangers, eager to pleasure the him
and in doing, please Hattori as well.  He looked at the small bowl on
the bar near the girl's head and smiled at the sight of the growing
pile of Bolivianos.  Another stranger nodded in his direction as he
added his own small stack of bills to the bowl and returned to his
place to wait for his turn at the young American.

"Viejo hombre, no s usted lo hizo, pero ella es una puta muy         
                                                     buena." the
sweating railroad worker said between gasping breaths.
He received a nod from his satisfied uniformed compatriot.

 "Yes, she had turned into a good whore", Hattori thought.  As to how
he had accomplished it, that would remain his secret.
 "Usted no es as que alto y poderoso ahora es usted, senorita?" the
railroad man said as he reach around the humping girl to capture one
of her heavy swinging breasts in his hand. His hand hefted the heavy
bag of flesh before his fingers began to squeeze and maul the fat
bruised orb.

"Yes, you are not so high an mighty as you were on the train!" he
thought to himself, squeezing the big freckled breast.  He wondered if
the fat red nipples tasted as good as they looked.  Too bad he
wouldn't have a chance to find out, he thought as he thrust his hips
forward meeting the girl's soft white buttocks as she eagerly thrust
back at him. The long line of men behind him might become impatient.

The old Japanese's black slanted eyes watched as the blue uniformed
stranger grasped the girl's wide thrusting hips as she rode his fat
brown cock. "So the two men had met the girl on the train.  How sweet
it must be for them, to sample her charms after no doubt pleasuring
themselves to her memory."

As the old man watched, the girl's pale skin took on a pink hue, not
from building pleasure, but from exertion as she worked her bottom
back and forth along the rigid prong that protruded from the man's
fly.  If the young girl felt the bite of the man's zipper along the
lips of her open vulva she never showed it.  The young girl's gaping
vulva gobbled the thick cock like some red bearded Scotsman,
swallowing the rigid brown spear over and over again, the tight soft
inner flesh clinging to the veiny shaft each time she rocked her hips
forward lubricated by the slime of the previous man's sperm.

The dull ache in her ravage bottom increased as the thick stump of 
the man's cock swelled with his coming orgasm.  The mindless slut
humped harder trying to satisfy the thick stem invading her bottom. 
She barely felt the man's hands digging into the fat finger marked
pillows of her sensitive breasts as his cock began to spew it's foul
filth into her clasping womb to mingle with the other bastard sperm
that wriggled there.

The young girl rutted and humped against the man's trembling thighs
riding out his fountaining climax.  She felt the throbbing
contractions as his fleshy spout spit out it's viscous soothing
nectar, lubricating the passage of the male prong she so desperately
sought to please.

The pale freckled redhead hung from the bar by her pierced tongue,
pumping her plump branded bottom against the stranger as he spewed out
the sludgy bottoms of his empty balls. The bound girl rolled her green
eyes in the direction of the old Asian man, and they welled with tears
of gratitude and relief as their eyes met and his thin lips curled in
a faint smile.  The dull throb in her shoulders was forgotten for a
second, replaced by a warm comforting sensation almost alien to the
tortured wretch she had become. Her lips pulled back in the bloody
parody of a smile, the crimson from her bleeding tongue that stained
her teeth a fashionable match to her redhead. Basking in the brief
moment, she was unaware as the railroad worker stepped away, his brown
cock deflated, only to have another faceless man step up to the white
marble arch of her welcoming thighs, shading the gaping vestibule to
her debauched womb.

"Dme algo para limpiar este lo." a voice sounded from behind her,
and the bar tender threw a soiled rag to the man. It was then she was
aware of the haunting emptiness  between her legs.  A groan leaked
past her bloodied lips as she felt the roughness of the dirty rag as
the man swabbed at the clinging strings of clotted sperm that drooled
from her raw bottom and matted her red pubes.

Her wretched heart lifted as she felt the swollen knob of the
stranger's cock slick up and down the groove of her swollen sex as he
probed for the mouth of her tight sex.  She lifted her eyes to the old
Asian with relief as she felt the stranger's warm rod slide home
filling the hollow emptiness in her clutching bottom.  The cool air
against her wet vulva replaced by the rough touch of the man's dirty
work cloths as he ground his thighs and hips against the plump cushion
of her buttocks.  The Bolivian peasant stood for an instant,
luxuriating in the warm flesh of the young redhead as it caressed his
swollen scabby cock.  The peasant turned his pock marked face to the
old Asian and nodded with appreciation as he slowly rocked his hips.

 "Muy buen" is all he said through the long greasy moustache that
screened a mouth full of decayed brown stumps.  He turned his head and
spit a stream of brown tinted saliva, then slowly continued chewing
the wad of coca leaf that bulged his cheek. After years of work in the
jungle with only the diseased camp whores with cunts as big as
cathedrals! A young pale skinned Anglo whore! And so eager! He didn't
think about the binding's on her arm's or the abomination in her
tongue. Such things were not his concern.  God had decided to punish
her, and in doing reward him!  His black eyes widened behind his
greasy black bangs, as he watched the pale freckled mounds of the
young puta's buttocks began to rise and fall as her muscular legs
began to match his slowly pumping hips.  He caught glimpses of her
heavy red tipped breasts as they swung from side to side with the
movement of her torso. His eyes caught the black wound on her tight
buttocks and he ran a dirty fingertip along the intricate lines of the
kanji burned into her flesh.  He shook his head and put it out of his
mind and began to thrust into the eager whore with earnest.

Hattori watched the as she welcomed the no doubt diseased cock of the
next man.  He shrugged, weren't most putas diseased?  He cared little
for the lump of flesh that looked at him so eager to please.  She was
no more than a dog.  He smiled as he watched the mindless thing take
the fleshy spear of the  pock marked young man.  His eyes surveyed the
room, ten, maybe twelve more waited to use the girl.  It would be a
profitable night.





Genevieve whimpered cowering naked on the bed as the burly man climbed
off her  and offered her his dripping cock.  "Show me how much you
liked it whore!" he said his voice heavy with menace.  With a whimper
she scuttled to the edge of the bed and quickly reached for the soiled
tube of male flesh.  She dipped her blonde head, opening her  battered
mouth as she did so and lovingly pressed her swollen lips against the
dripping crown of the thug's cock.  Tears began to well in her eyes as
she began to eagerly lap and suck the man's filthy cock like a common
whore.  The man's watching companion laughed.  "She can't get enough!"
his voice mocking her. The man pulled his brown cock out of her
sucking mouth with a liquid pop.

"Vamos!" the burly man said motioning to the door.

Genevieve sat on the edge of the bed and sobbed as she watched the two
men open the door and step into the dark. She raised a hand to her
swollen lip touching the cut in front of the two vacant tooth sockets.
She dabbed at a thick string of congealed sperm mixed with the blood
that looped down her bruised chin.  An involuntary shiver coursed
through her as the reality of the situation settled in the pit of her
stomach to mingle with the warm puddle of sperm that she had gulped
down like a gluttonous whore.  She lunged to the side as her guts
knotted and she vomited against the wall.  She shuddered and sobbed as
she sat in the dark her once perfectly coiffed hair matted with sweat
and streaked with errant ribbons of clotted sperm. With a sudden
thought she scuttled along the floor until she found the two precious
white pearls.  Sitting on the bed, she cupped the two teeth in her
small sperm stained hand and rocked back and forth like a demented
caged beast.  Her body ached.  Her silicon perfect breasts from the
squeezing and pulling of demanding hands, the tender flesh of her
vagina chaffed and swollen from the hard male flesh she had been
forced to accept.  Her face burned with embarrassment and panic as she
felt the warm slickness of the men's mingled sperm as it leaked from
her violated anus and cunt.  She tried to erase the memory of the last
several hours from her mind, like the vomit had erased the pungent
taste of the man's soiled cock from her mouth, but she couldn't.  The
feeling of abject helplessness overwhelmed her and she cried, her hand
clutching the pathetic fragments of her beauty, symbolic of her former
life.

The two men walked toward the lit table, nodded to the Inspector and
walked to the darkened waiting car.

"Muy bien.  She is ready for you gentlemen.  So enjoy."  He said
standing up.  "Salude" he said raising his glass and draining the last
of it.  " I shall see you maana."  He said with a slight mocking bow
and disappeared into the darkness away from the table.

"Sh-i-i-i-i-t!,"  the big black grunted finally as he sat watching the
mustachioed man.  "What do you think?"

The mustachioed man raised his glass examining the amber colored
liquor in the lamp light.  A slight grin touched the corners of his
mouth.  "What do I think?" he said absently.
"I think I'm going to get me some high class pussy before the
Inspector's friends wear it out!" he said as his eyes narrowed to
match his evil grin. They stood and walked toward the waiting door,
their footsteps echoing in the quiet courtyard.




Chapter 61

Genevieve Falwell cowered in the dim lit room, the prurient ooze of
three brutal strangers leaking from her ravaged orifices.  Painful
bruises wracked her frame that until now had known only the pampering
of spas.  Bile rose in her throat at the fresh cloying taste of male
seed mixed with the coppery taste of her own blood.  The vile mixture
formed a pasty film that clung to her once perfect dentistry, the best
money could buy.  He tight blood stained fist clenched the shattered
remains of her front teeth as if clinging to the shards of her former
life.
The door opened tentatively, and the former model cowered in the
corner of the bed.  She raised her puffy eyes to see the smiling face
of the mustachioed American and his big black friend.  Relief flooded
her at the sight of her two countrymen.  A tentative laugh of released
tension and despondency bubbled past her cut swollen bloody lips.  A
sob bubbled at her lips and tears of joy welled in her eyes.

"Thank god!" she sobbed softly.  Pulling at the sheet to cover her
nakedness.  "Those men...they raped me...made me do things..." she said her
voice trailing away.

"Yes, we know..." the mustachioed man said stepping toward the bed. 
"Why don't you tell us what they made you do." he said placing a hand
on her shoulder as he sat on the bed.

The attractive woman continued to sob in the dark and didn't hear the
soft chocolate chuckle rumble in the big black man's throat.

"Wha...I don't...understand..." she said between sobs.

"Tell us what the three men did to you...what they made you do..." he
insisted.

The former model struggled to sort things out, but her mouth found a
tentative voice.  "They...fucked...me." she said haltingly.  "They put
their...things..."

"What things?" he bated.  "You mean their cocks?  Yeah, say it say
what they were."

"Yes...they put their...cocks..."

"Were they big?  Were they big cocks?" he mocked.

"Yes." she said, shaking her head as if trying not to remember. "They
were big...big cocks." she sobbed. "They put them in my...vagina...and
my...ass.  Made me...suck them." she said as it all bubble out.  "They
hurt me...hurt me with their big cocks.  They hit me... to make me do what
they... wanted." she croaked. "They told me I was going to be
their...whore..."

Her lidded eyes opened at the sound of the men's soft laughter.
Curled in the corner reliving her torment she hadn't felt the cool air
on her bare skin as her threadbare modesty was peeled from her by the
sly hands of the mustached one.  She never felt his calloused hand cup
her bruised swollen breast.  Her downcast eyes never saw the looming
shadow of the black man as he too joined his friend to cup a silicon
perfect breast.  "No-o-o-o-o-o...a-w-w-w-h-h-h" she protested as
demanding fingers pulled and pinched at the raw red flesh of her well
sucked nipples.

"No...ple-e-e-e-ze, don't...you must help me....please..." she sobbed at the
dark faceless laughing silhouettes.

"Yeah, ho, we be help'in you and you be helpin' us." The huge black
man sneered as he rubbed the large lump in the front of his trousers.

The faade was torn asunder with the sound of metallic zippers and the
rustle of clothing as the two men stripped before the wide terrified
eyes of the attractive woman.  A continuous moan escaped her lips as
she crouched amid the sperm sodden sheets rocking from side to side. 
With a sudden lunge she bolted for the door in a flurry of soiled
bedclothes and flashing pale skin.  In a heartbeat she was wrenched
backward as a large hand caught a fist full of tinted tangled hair.

"Leaving the party, early?" the mustachioed one hissed.  "Not
tonight!" he said spinning her around and ramming a fist into the soft
plane of her stomach.  The pretty blond doubled over with a gasping
retch, vomiting up the congealing remains of  the other rapists sperm.
 In disgust he pushed her back onto the rumpled bed.  "We know your
game, bitch, and we aim to give you all you want.  Your friend told us
all about you.  He...gave you to us for the price of a couple of
drinks." he said with a disbelieving laugh. "Said he'd be back for you
in the morning.  Clean that shit off you." he said pointing to the
vile mixture of sperm and bile that formed a sickening blotch on the
bedclothes and splattering the insides of her splayed thighs.

Genevieve raise her gasping face up to look at the two faceless forms
towering over her.  She tried not to look at the two stiff clubs of 
male flesh that jutted out from between their thick hairy thighs.  The
lamplight highlighted the stiff rammers, thick veins wreathing the
pulsing cylinders, fueling them like injector lines on two rapacious
diesel engines.  The two men stood arms akimbo, hulking in the dim
light, their eyes stropping the smooth bruised flesh of the helpless
woman as she cleaned herself.  Like two primal beasts they stood,
wetting their base hunger, the fetor of their lust filling the room.
Each in his primal mind carving up the woman like a morsel to slake
the gulosity of his loins.

As if of one mind the two stepped forward and grasped the sobbing
woman and bent her to their wants.

"You be a good ho now, and give my Alabama black snake some lip
lovin'."  The black man said as his deep chocolate chuckle mingled
with the white woman's helpless whimpers.  One ham sized hand grasped
a tangle of her colored hair, the other grasping the coal black hose
of his cock, he rubbed it's purple helmet back and forth across the
swollen bloody lips of the cringing woman.  She sobbed as the
demanding head of his ebony rammer opened the clotted cut in her
bruised lip, her fresh coppery blood mixing with the thick lube that
oozed from the drooling slavering mouth of his hungry cock.

The beautiful former model moaned in disbelief as the reality of her
world bent her reason.  Her hands clenched and unclenched in the
soiled bedcovers in a futile gesture of supplication, helplessness and
despair.

"A-w-w-w-h, no-o-o-o-o-o..." she wailed as he mashed the firm head of
his thick hose against her supplicating mouth, dragging it back and
forth over her damaged lips.  The thick club overcame the meager
resistance of her lips and bulled past the bloody swollen ribbons of
flesh past the empty tooth sockets and found a soft bed along the
undulating mattress of her tongue.  The sound of the huge black man's
satisfied chuckle filled the room as the woman's swollen lips closed
around the purple head of his long ebony  shaft.

Genevieve felt hard fingers grasp her meaty hips lifting her to her
knees making her oozing bottom accessible to the other faceless
abuser.  She grunted in protest around the thick black pipe that
seemed to grow from her mouth rooted in her guts.  Her hands found
courage enough to push against the thick muscular thighs straddling
her face.  Her futile resistance excited the Black, she felt the thick
rail surge with her resistance and the massive black hand steadied her
head as he stuffed two more thick inches of black pulsing gristle into
her plugged gullet. The thick black staff muffled her moans as unseen
hands spread the meaty cheeks of her fleshy bottom and guided a second
demanding cock into it's drooling mouth and stuffed it full.

The congealed leavings of the others lubricated the passageway for yet
another hungry cock as it speared into her belly.  The red raw lips of
her ravaged vulva gulped down the stiff rod like a hungry mouth
nipping and sucking along the hard pulsing shaft.  The beautiful
whore's guts knotted and cramped with renewed horror as the twin
columns of masculine gristle throbbed and pulsed as they lanced
brutally in and out as if to impale her very soul.  Pent up masculine
anger, tooth gnashing anger born of lust, the desire to possess,
seethed and flared in the two men.  Primal reproductive lust had
transformed them into steely plow shears, mindless of tenderness or
concern, caring only to implant their progeny in the moist fertile
furrows they bent their backs to plow.  The engines of their manhood
drove them to possess this frail vessel of feminine flesh to take her,
to use her, to spend themselves within her.

Their steely praetorian hands gripped her prostrate flesh pulling her
onto their rigid spears, driven home like imperial pilums, weighted by
the sperm heavy balls that hugged the filamentous shafts of flesh. 
Twin pairs of roiling testes beat a tattoo against the woman's ravaged
silent lips.  Swollen lips that drooled runnels to mingle with the
eager excreta leaking from the slathering barbaric mouths of the
invaders cocks.




Chapter 62

Hattori watched as the men became impatient as the redheaded whore
pumped her ass up and down yet another cock.  He looked on impassively
as the slim cylinder slicked in and out of the slut's ravaged cunt on
the slime of others, open cankerous sores visible around it's diseased
root.  After tonight her fouled womb would be too polluted to bear
fruit, assuring him of her uninterrupted services.

A rumbling groan and grasping fingers at the white girl's wide hips
signaled the Indian's climax, as his diseased cock spewed it's
contaminated seed deep into the sodden depths of the young teens
welcoming cunt.  The drunken Indian staggered away from the splayed
cheeks of the stooped girl, his deflating cock trailing a thick mucus
like string of amber filth; the dead corpses of white cells, slain in
their losing battle within his diseased loins.

As the men became more drunk it took longer for the young American
slut to milk their cocks.  Hattori pulled a few bills from the
overflowing bowl and called over the bartender to order a round for
the house.  That should keep them satisfied for the moment.  He
motioned to the hulking imbecile who sat rocking side to side in the
corner.  Tahio, his retarded son shambled over, head bobbing up and
down, the ever present sheen of drool wetting his chapped red chin. 
He gave directions to the hulking retard who bent to open the bag
which hung from his left hand.

Hattori turned to the slut, her drooling bottom slowly pumped up and
down in the empty air milking a nonexistent cock.  Her ravaged vulva
bloomed open, the slick swollen labia like the petals of a flower
defiled by the slime of a multitude of slugs. As he watched a thick
cheese-like wad of sperm oozed slowly from the red passage.  Clotted
red pubes sprang upward one by one along the thick red lips, freed
from the gooey blob as it slithered from her contaminated womb,
elongated into a glistening string and plopped wetly to the filthy
floor near the spreader bar between her ankles.

The two oriental men stepped toward her flanks their hands filled with
the rough hemp cords the giggling youth had produced from his bag. 
The old man's gnarled hands worked the cords with practiced deftness.
Reaching under the bent torso of the pretty redheaded American he
worked quickly. The drooling imbecile assisted by clutching each
breast in turn by the tight strings wrapped around each elongated
swollen nipple and stretching the fat pendulous orbs downward allowing
the old man to loop the cord around the base of each breast tight
against the young girl's rib cage.  The mindless thing champed and
grunted like a corralled beast, her feet shuffling back and forth
restrained by the spreader bar.  Her red haired head bucked and jerked
against the thick ring securing her tongue to the hook, her breath
came in snorts, her fine neck pulled back obliquely by the nasal tines
secured in her pert freckled nose.  She grunted as the coarse rope
burned her skin as the two men worked quickly to bind her hanging
breasts, pulling and looping the rope into a thick corset around each
elongated bag of flesh.  The old man patted her matted red head like
an owner reassuring his prized dog.  He looped the coarse hemp a few
more times secured the running end and stepped back.  He looked up and
motioned to his giggling son who shambled quickly to follow his
father's orders.

Hattori stepped to the bar and lifted the ring in the slut's tongue
from the hook.  She gurgled and snorted  as bloody saliva dripped from
her grimacing lips.  The thick ring through the thick center of her
tongue was pressed tightly against her front teeth preventing her from
retracting her tongue or fully closing her mouth.  If her tortured
mind could have assembled a coherent thought, her ability to speak it
had been reduced to mere bestial grunts and mumblings.

The wizen yellow man led the pretty American teen to the center of the
room, leading her with a bony finger through her tongue ring.  The
pale girl was stooped from the waist by the ropes wrapped around her
arms drawn cruelly up over her bent back, useless and numb. She
waddled faithfully, painfully, behind him hobbled by the spreader bar
affixed to the back of her slim ankles, above her bare filthy feet,
the giggling retard following close behind.  The hulking youth giggled
and drooled as his fingers probed the wet crotch of the staggering
female wretch.  Other hands darted in to pluck at a swinging breast to
pinch and twist at the fat bound nipples.   Her fine white freckled
skin, marred by abusing fingers and stiff ropes, shone with a patina
of well earned sweat, sprung from her labors to please the group
faceless men by milking their demanding cocks. The crevasse between
her plump splayed buttocks glistened even more wetly with the spent
seed of the many strangers that had paid to user her.  The young
teen's tortured pale form stood out starkly in the smoky bar.  Her
ivory white body, naked and bound looked alien in the filthy
surroundings. Her smooth translucent white pink flesh was highlighted
by a sprinkling of freckles on her shoulders and chest.  Fine blue
veins were faintly visible beneath the alabaster skin. The bar was
like a scene from Dante's Inferno, the fallen angelic form surrounded
by an ocean of demonically grinning yapping brown faces.  Like a pack
of hyenas they paced eagerly, their jaws foamy with cheap beer, their
lust stoked by the helplessness vulnerability of the white girl.  This
milling pack of third world refuse, a wild pack of scavengers sensing
the helplessness of a wounded prey. Swarmed to assail the white teen
not with tooth and claw, but with the steely prongs of their
unsheathed cocks!

The sadistic old Japanese led the compliant wretch to the center of
the smoky bar to position her suffering stooped form beneath two stout
ropes positioned there by his gibbering son.  His black eyes  were
impassive, but his smiling lips revealed the relish with which he
finished his task.  He motioned to his son to remove the spreader bar
from the wretched girl's ankles.  The old Japanese then nodded his
head and the ropes were drawn taut pulled at an angle away from each
other by the eager hands of the drunken men.  The stooped form was
slowly lifted from the floor.  Surprise slowly registered in the
wretched girl's pain dulled mind. She writhed as she was lifted inches
from the dirt floor, her filthy feet kicking in the air. The two hemp
ropes were tied off at opposite sides of the room. The old shibari
master's eyes followed the taut lines up over the rafters and down to
where they were secured to the ropes binding the young teen's breasts.
 She gurgled and moaned as the tight ropes cut into the tender flesh
of her horribly stretched flesh.  The alabaster mounds were beginning
to take on the bluish tint of pooling blood.  The old man grinned as
he admired his variation of the Ushiro Takate Kote Shibari Turi. He
ran his bony fingers along the tight flesh of her stretched breasts. 
She was suspended by her fat breasts, each one  pulled up and out by
the ropes suspending her from the overhead rafters.  Her pale body was
arched backward, her red nippled breasts pointed vertically upward,
her red hanging back nearly horizontal. The rope wrapped vee of her
bound arms hung beneath her arched back, her hands and shoulders a
sickening blue.  The outward pull of the ropes prevented her from
swinging or rotating, she hung the nearly motionless, her only
movement caused by her confused twitching.  The old man pulled at the
tight ropes suspending her only inches from the floor.  Satisfied her
pulled another length of rope from the  bag and bent to the girl's
left foot working quickly, then tossed the running end over the
rafter.  He tugged downward on the rope pulling the pretty teen's left
leg upward accomplishing both Kataashi Tsuri and Komon Sarashi
Shibari, a one leg suspension and exposed anus binding.  He grinned to
the surrounding men, nodding slightly.

"She now ready to entertain two of you at a time." he said.  " No more
waiting, hai!"  With a grin he walked back to his stool by the bar. 
Behind him two men emerged from the shoving crowd surrounding the
girl, their hands busy pulling at the front of their trousers.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Toryu


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





