BDSM Library - Chastity Debauched - Two: Teacher's Pet




Chastity Debauched - Two: Teacher's Pet
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In which sweet and not quite so innocent Chastity stays after school for a very special class in fellatio...
Chastity Debauched - Two: Teacher's Pet
After School.
 - In which Chastity is tutored in Fellatio.

By Morgan Hawke
For Bear



The yellow, message slip clutched in Chastity's fingers stated that she had a
meeting with the substitute teacher for Advanced English at the end of the
school day. Chastity had no idea why he wanted to see her; she wasn't in any of
his classes. She hoped that this meeting wouldn't take long, she needed to catch
the bus or face a long walk home.

Nervously Chastity tucked a long lock of her hip-length, strawberry-blonde hair
behind one ear. She glanced at her reflection in the school's window then
grimaced at her disheveled appearance. She took a quick moment to tuck her pale
pink, button-down blouse neatly into the waistband of her snug, hip-hugging
jeans.

"Mr. DuLong?" Chastity said softly as she pushed open the classroom door. She
stepped inside the classroom, then gently closed the door and walked toward his
desk.

The substitute teacher for advanced English sat with his back to the blackboard,
facing the rows of student desks and the back of the room. His head bowed over
his book-strewn desk as he busily graded papers. He was completely oblivious to
Chastity's presence. She froze in her tracks as she got a good look at him.

 'Oh, my God,' she mouthed silently in shock. 'I never had a substitute teacher
that looked this good! Mr. DuLong's long gray-streaked, jet-black hair fell in a
neat tail down his back to end below his shoulder blades. The pristine starched
fabric did nothing to hide the strength of his very broad shoulders. The crisp
white of his dress shirt was unbuttoned at the throat and contrasted sharply
with the rich golden tan of his skin. The sleeves were rolled up over dark
golden forearms knotted with long sinews. The elegant fingers of his strong
hands shuffled papers.

'He belongs in the movies...' She watched, breathless, as he adjusted his round
glasses with a long finger. 'How come I never get substitute teachers like this,
for my classes?' Chastity thought in envy. She'd been hearing her classmates
mooning about the gorgeous English teacher all day. She had though they were
exaggerating.

"Ah, you must be Chastity," he said, looking up from his papers with a
distracted smile. The light reflected off his round glasses hiding his eyes
completely, but not the strong masculine planes of his face and his expressive,
sensual mouth.

'Oh, God, his smile is beautiful too...' Her mind practically shut down as a
warm liquid sensation uncurled and thickened, hardening her nipples and
spreading moisture in her panties.

"You wanted to see me?" Chastity flipped along lock of her hair as she stood
before the achingly handsome, high-school teacher's desk.

"At least you are on time," he said with a glance at his watch. "Please, come
in." His deep rich voice had an exotic British accent that made the hair on
Chastity's arms stand up in stirring awareness.

 'God, I could listen to this guy talk all day,' she thought with her class
books hugged to her ample chest to hide her hardened nipples.

"Yes. I have an assignment for you to complete by the end of this week." His
graceful fingers reached for a manila folder sitting to one side of his books.
Picking up an elegant gold pen, he flipped open the folder and made a notation.

"An assignment?" Chastity was confused. 'I'm not in any of his classes, so why
would he have an assignment for me?'

"Yes. According to my records your education is woefully lacking in one area in
particular. I hope to help you, by tutoring you for an hour, after school, every
day this week. As you know, I am only a substitute teacher so my time and yours,
is limited."

" But, I'm a good student, I don't need a tutor! Mr. DuLong, I can't,' she
stammered in dismay. "Not after school, I mean, I have a bus to catch to get
home..."

"A ride home has been arranged for you. Your parents were called this afternoon
and will be expecting you later."

"My parents? The school called my parents?"

"To continue, if I may?" he said briskly, with a sharply raised brow. "We will
begin each lesson with a quiz and end with a test. Should you complete your
assignment to my satisfaction earlier than planned, you will, of course, be
excused from all other tutorial sessions."

"What are you... am I supposed to... What am I learning?"

"Hmm, spirit," he said thoughtfully then adjusted his glasses carefully. "To
begin with, you may begin all questions by addressing me as 'Sir' or 'Mr.
DuLong'. All other outbursts will be punished."

"Sir?" she squeaked. 'Punished?' she thought in rising alarm. 'What the Hell is
going on here?'

"You will be learning fellatio: the art of bring a man to climax without
coition." The chair howled obscenely as he rose from behind the desk and stepped
toward her.

'He want's me to learn... What?' she thought in confusion and stepped back from
him.

"Shall we begin?" he asked pleasantly.

"No way!" she snapped, her teeth clicking together in sudden fury. "There is no
way I'm sucking anyone's dick!" She turned and fled toward the door. If she was
quick, she could still catch the bus home.

"Stop." he commanded.

To her astonishment, Chastity froze in mid-step, her hand on the doorknob.

"You may not realize this, but I will be grading your senior-class, Mid-term
exam in English at the end of this week."

'Oh shit...' Chastity thought as her throat closed in fear.

"If you choose not to complete this assignment," he said softly, 'I guarantee
that you will fail your English exam."

"That's blackmail, you asshole," Chastity said through clenched teeth while
staring at the door. She could feel the jaws of the trap close around her. She
glanced over her shoulder at Mr. DuLong.

"Why, yes, it is," he said quietly, with a feral smile.

"Isn't there a rule about teachers having sexual relation with students?"
Chastity turned to face him, her books clenched protectively in front of her in
a white-knuckled grip.

 "You may report me if you like. However, I guarantee that you will fail your
exam. You may be absolutely assured that I will make arrangements for it."

 'Oh God, now what do I do?' Chastity thought in desperation. 'I need to pass
that exam!' He had her trapped, and he knew it. "You filthy, perverted, son of a
bitch," she swore softly.

"Language, young lady." He pulled a wooden chair from beside his desk and set
the back against the front of his desk. "I see that we are going to have to
begin with a lesson in respect for your instructor." He unbuckled his belt, and
slid the leather strap from the belt loops. "Come here."

Chastity broke out in a sudden cold sweat and stared as Mr. DuLong folded his
belt in half, gripping both ends in his fist.

"Now," his voice snapped coldly. Chastity jumped in fright then slowly, walked
over to stand by the chair.

"Very good," he said softly.  "Place your books on one of the student desks,
face the back of this chair and drop your trousers and panties to your knees.
Then bend over and grasp the back of this chair, keeping your knees together and
your knees slightly bent."

With shaking hands, Chastity dropped her books on the desk then faced the back
of the chair. Refusing to look at him, she numbly unbuckled her jeans then
opened them.

"One moment, please." Chastity froze with her hands on her jeans. Mr. DuLong
reached out and cupped the fullness of one breast through the thin material of
her pink blouse and her lace bra. She flinched but did not pull away. His thumb
slid over the slight prominence of her nipple, bringing the small nubbin to
sudden sharp erection. He stroked his thumb over her nipple again, then again.
Small bolts of excitement streaked straight down to her core with every stroke
of his thumb.

'What the hell is wrong with me?' Chastity pressed her lips to keep a small hiss
of pleasure from escaping her lips. 'Why is this asshole turning me on when I
know he's going to hit me with that belt in just a second?' She could feel
moisture forming in her panties. She glanced up and noticed a look of interest
on his face.

 "Even the threat of punishment has not dimmed your latent ardor," he said
sounding pleased. He released her breast abruptly and she released the breath
she hadn't realized that she'd been holding. "You may continue." He nodded,
motioning toward the positioned chair.

Chastity turned away then dragged her faded jeans and cotton panties down to her
knees. The air was cool on the skin of her bared ass. She leaned forward and
grabbed the back of the chair. Her knees locked together in an attempt to
protect her exposed and vulnerable feminine cleft. She looked over her shoulder
at Mr. DuLong.

"Very good," he said crisply. "Bend your knees just a little. Excellent. From
now on, when you are told to 'assume the position', this is precisely what you
will do and you will not move from this position until you are told to do so. Is
this understood?"

"Yes," Chastity ground out. She heard a short whistle of air then heard a loud
crack. She yelped as a streak of fire erupted on her ass. Tears started in her
eyes and she writhed with the burning pain.

"Yes, what?" he asked pleasantly.

"Yes, Sir!" she choked out. 'Jeezuz! That hurt!' she thought, fiercely fighting
her tears.

"Do not move from your position as I do not wish to miss and strike something
tender," he said sharply. "This is the punishment you will receive for
disobedience and disrespect. Let us hope that you are a quick study, as
punishment takes precious time from your lessons. For your earlier
transgressions in disrespect I am going to strike you five more times..."

'Five more times?' thought Chastity, 'Oh my God! He's going to kill me!'

"As I strike you, you will count each blow, out loud. Is this understood?"

"Yes, Sir," she said. 'You fucking asshole,' she thought.

"This classroom is at the far end of the wing, feel free to scream if you like."
She heard the telltale whistle of the strap and pain seared the other cheek of
her ass. She threw up her head and bit back a yelp, hissing in pain but
otherwise did not move.

"One," she choked. "One Sir." She pressed her forehead into her arm as tears of
humiliation tumbled from her eyes and ran down her cheeks.

"Very, very good," he murmured.  The strap fell quickly, one blow after the
other in quick succession. Each stripe was exactly as hard as the one before it
and each spaced carefully on her ass. Chastity yelped at each then counted.

"Five, Sir." Chastity finally said with a whimper. 'Oh, God, there is no way I'm
gon'na to be able to sit tonight, my ass is on fire!'

"Hmm," he said thoughtfully, then she felt his cool palm on her burning welts.
"It seems that you mark easily." Chastity could hear the satisfaction in his
voice.

'That asshole likes beating me!' she thought in indignation.

"Hopefully, this lesson will not have to be repeated," he said firmly. His
fingers continued to explore the marks he had made then gently slid into the
crevice that split her ass cheeks and pressed lightly on the puckered ring of
her anus. Chastity hunched her shoulders in humiliation but held her place.

"While your feminine hair is quite attractive," he continued, "you will shave it
off tonight and keep it off. Also, for expedience, you will wear skirts for the
remainder of your lessons and forego panties of any kind. Is this understood?"

"Yes, Sir." Chastity turned her head and wiped the tears on her cheeks against
her arm, but did not release the chair or move. She did not want to give this
maniac any excuse to beat her more.

Abruptly his fingers slid further down and stroked lightly against the plump
outer lips of her sex discovering the moisture that was sliding down her thighs.
Chastity couldn't stop a sudden shiver of expectation. He plunged two fingers
into her wet core. To her shame her body contracted hungrily around his invading
fingers and she bit her lip to keep from moaning.

"Well, well," he sighed in delighted surprise. "It seem that you enjoyed this
little session as much as I." He pulled his fingers from her body then stood
next to her. "I'm looking forward to our lessons together, Chastity," he said
with menacing softness. "I personally, hope that you will take the entire week."
She glanced at him and suddenly noticed that his black dress pants were tented
with a heavy erection and bulging only inches from her face.

'Jeezus, he's got a hard-on from hitting me!' she thought, stunned. 'Shit, to be
honest, I'm all wet from him doing it too. What the hell, is happening to me? Am
I perverted too?'

"You may rise and pull your trousers up." He said without looking at her. "Then
turn the chair around to face my desk and sit." She watched as he moved away to
take his seat behind his desk then opened the file and made a notation.

'What the hell is he writing?' She straightened and bit her lip from the ache in
the small of her back and the burning marks on her butt. Tentatively, she
touched the heated stripes on her ass then pulled her pants up flinching, as her
panties and jeans came in painful contact with the marks. She closed them
without tucking in her shirt then hauled the chair around to face the desk.

'I have to sit on this?' she thought, looking at the hard wooden seat. She
glanced up to see him watching her impassively, the light reflected brightly on
the lenses, hiding his eyes completely. Pure sheer stubbornness made her take
the seat then smile, gritting her teeth at him in defiance. She shifted to find
a less painful position, but there didn't seem to be one.

"You will apologize for your indiscretion and thank me for the discipline I
administered," he said with a tight smile, then looked down at the file he held.

'He want's me to what?' Chastity's mouth fell open in surprise. He looked up
with a raised brow and tapped one finger by the belt that lay folded neatly by
his hand.

"Uh, I'm sorry, Sir," she began in sudden terror and he nodded encouragement.
"I'm sorry for my uh, indiscretion. And uh, thank you Sir for your, uh
discipline, Sir."

"Graceless, but it will do," he said with an amused look. "I accept your
apology. Now according to your records, you had your first coition at the end of
last week..."

'How the hell, did he know that?' Chastity thought in alarm, gripping the seat
of the chair with white knuckles. She could feel the heat flooding her cheeks.

"It is also noted that you had your first experience seeing and touching a penis
at that time." He scribbled busily in the folder. "At least I will not have to
re-train you out of any particular bad habits," he commented dryly. "However, I
will need to quiz you on what you are familiar with. Take this." He handed her a
piece of paper and a pencil. "Go to the desk directly behind you and write down
all the different parts of the penis that you know."

'This has got to be some kind of sick joke...' thought Chastity as she rose from
the chair. Sitting at a student desk with the beating still fresh on her ass was
a whole new form of torture, but she did it, then faced the blank sheet of
paper. She thought back to her sex education class but couldn't remember any of
the proper names for the different parts.

After a few moments of writing, she was alarmed to see Mr. DuLong rise from his
desk and walk over to her. He took the paper from under her fingers and sighed.

"It seems that we must begin with the basics." He crumpled up the paper then
walked over toward the chalkboard and motioned to her. Chastity rose from the
student desk and followed him. "Bring the chair and sit over here," he said
pointing to a spot by his chair. "I suggest you pay close attention as there
will be a test at the end of this class." Chastity carried the heavy chair to
where he pointed and sat.

"Very good. Now observe." He unfastened his dress pants, unzipped the fly and
shrugged them to his knees. His rigid and engorged cock lunged out and pointed
straight at her from a forest of dark curls, only inches from her face. His
lightly furred ball sack hung like ripe plums as he widened his stance. The head
of his cock was a deep angry purple and the hard dark ivory shaft was knotted
with swollen veins.

'He may be a sick'o, but God, his dick is beautiful...' thought Chastity as she
stared hungrily.

"This," he said pointing to his cock head, "is called the glans. As you can see,
in a state of erection the blood fills the head, creating this color. The flared
edge is very sensitive to sensations so the tongue works particularly well on
the glans. A man who is overly sensitive on the glans itself, can be similarly
stimulated by applying the tongue at its base, underneath, where the glans
begins," he said, pointing to a spot on the underside where the head formed a
'v'.

"I am uncircumcised so this," he said, taking himself in hand and shifting the
outer skin wrapping the shaft of his penis, "is my foreskin. It should be noted,
that men who are uncircumcised will normally be far more sensitive, as
circumcision removes this protective covering and causes some insensitivity."

Chastity swallowed. "This is just too weird. I can't tell if I'm in Sex Ed.,
Biology class or Perversion 101,' she thought.

"By gently moving the foreskin over the penis," he continued, "you can easily
stimulate erection. This," he said lifting his penis up so that she could see
the underside, "is the urethra." He pointed to what looked like a long thick
vein, running up the length of the underside of his cock. "This is the tube that
both urine and semen travels through. Seminal fluid is pumped from the
testicles," he used his other hand to lift his balls, "which are inside the
scrotum." He moved the wrinkled skin.

'I've decided,' Chastity thought wryly feeling her body flushing with excited
heat. 'Definitely Perversion 101'.

"Applying your mouth to the scrotum over the testicles can bring pleasure, but
pressure must be applied carefully. Avoid squeezing the testicles against each
other."

'I don't believe this, but I want to put his balls in my mouth and taste them,'
Chastity thought in heated confusion. 'They look so... succulent. Like bizarre
fruit. God! What is wrong with me?' She licked her dry lips.

"The juncture where the scrotum joins the underside of the penis is heavily
populated with nerve endings, so a skilled tongue or lips can bring great
pleasure by applying it here. Also," Mr. DuLong continued unabated, "if you
apply pressure with your thumb firmly on this same spot over the urethra, you
can delay a man from ejaculating."

'I want to touch him,' Chastity thought then took a deep steadying breath. She
leaned a hair closer and realized that a warm and interesting musky scent was
coming from him. She wrinkled her nose. The smell reminded her of semen but
there was something else, something that made her pussy suddenly contract with
hunger. He noticed her face and smiled.

"Ah, the odor you are noticing is a pheromone based scent rather like a musk,
that men produce and release through the skin. It is also released from a gland
located in the foreskin which delivers a more concentrated and semen based
essence. The gland is removed through circumcision. It works as a type of
perfume aphrodisiac."

'I think it's working too,' thought Chastity. 'I can't wait to get out of here
so I can masturbate and give myself some relief.'

"When applying the skill of fellatio, it is important to remember to use plenty
of lubricant, such as saliva, semen or vaginal fluid. Also, apply steady
pressure with the lips, use the tongue to magnify sensations and the teeth
should only be used with extreme discretion." Mr. DuLong took a deep breath then
sat in his chair, his erection standing proudly from his lap.

"Are you ready for your test Chastity?"

"Sir?" she asked. 'Oh God, I hope I remembered all that technical stuff...'

"To pass the test, you must apply all the information I just gave you. If you
are successful, then you may leave to return tomorrow afternoon. Should you fail
your test then you will assume the position and submit to three strikes before
you will be permitted to leave. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir."

"You also have a second option."

"Sir?"

"You may try to pass the complete exam." He smiled then dropped his eyes, making
the round lenses of his glasses ovals of light from the glare. "To pass your
exam, you must bring me to climax," he said softly. If you are successful in
bringing me to climax, then you will have no more classes beyond this one."

"Sir," she began with a glance at the strap by his hand, "Are you saying that if
I pass the test I go home and return tomorrow, and if I make you cum, then
that's it? No more for the week and you won't flunk my English exam?"

"Correct. However," he continued with a raised brow and a cold smile, "should
you fail the exam, then you will immediately assume the position and submit to
three strikes and then my possession of your sweet cunt. And you will return to
be tutored tomorrow afternoon. Think it over and choose carefully."

Chastity's brow wrinkled in thought. 'I can't take this everyday for the rest of
the week, he'll kill me.' She looked up at the waiting instructor. 'Smug
bastard. Of course, he probably has no idea that Molly has been telling me a
thing or two about deep-throat I just hope to God, that I can swallow him
without choking too badly.'

"Are there any restrictions on how I do this?"

"You may not take me into your body anywhere other than your mouth. This is the
only restriction.

'I can deal with that,' Chastity thought.

"What is your choice, Chastity?"

 "Mr. DuLong, I want to try to pass the exam," Chastity said with grim
determination. 'I'll make you cum if it kills me.'

"Excellent." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a heavy metal ring. "This
is a cock-ring." He put it over the head of his cock then pushed it down until
it snugly encircled the base and pressed against his balls. "The cock-ring will
keep me from climaxing too soon, this way it will be a true test of your actual
skill."

'That's cheating!' thought Chastity in alarm. 'God, he is such an asshole!'

"Shall we begin?" Mr. DuLong leaned back and placed his hands on the arms of his
chair.

Chastity nodded then stood. With a grim smile, she locked her eyes on Mr.
DuLong's face. Molly had told her that the best way to take control of a man's
sex drive was with eye contact and a smile. She hoped to God, that Molly's
little lectures actually worked; she did not want to be beaten, again, by this
maniac and she certainly didn't want to be fucked by him.

Her fingers went to the buttons of her blouse and she slid them open one by one.
She opened the halves of her blouse then scooped the ends of her pink blouse
under her full breasts, lifting them, presenting them for his approval.
Delicately rubbed her breasts against each other then shrugged out of the
blouse, dropping it in her chair.

Reaching behind her, she unhooked her white lace bra. One by one, she dropped
the straps then caught the bra under her breasts with both hands. Using the
white lace, she squeezed her breasts together then slowly scraped the bra up and
over, rubbing her nipples to firm erection. In a swift and graceful motion she
pulled the bra up and off, making her breasts jiggle. She dropped the bra on top
of her blouse then took a moment to rub her thumbs over her swollen nipples the
same way that Molly had shown her.

"This is a nice surprise," Mr. DuLong commented. "I like your creativity."
Chastity merely smiled then unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans.

"Are you going to strip for me?"

'You wish, you bastard,' thought Chastity. Maintaining eye contact, she dipped a
hand down the front and made a show of sliding her finger into her damp panties,
then pulled the hand out and licked her fingers. 'Let's see if I can apply that
stripper's trick that Molly mentioned...'

Chastity dropped to her knees then bowed her head sharply, flipping her long,
strawberry blonde hair forward and onto the floor. On her hands, she moved her
head forward, then grabbed for the arms of his chair. Her hands closed on his
wrists and she lifted, the red gold fall of her hair swept into his lap as she
rose, tangling and stroking his erection with one long silken embrace. The sound
of his sudden, in-drawn breath was music to her ears.

'Liked that did you?' thought Chastity, 'lets see how you like this...' She
threw her head to one side, flipping her hair then threw her head to the other,
back and forth, whipping his chest with her heavy mane then flipped her long
waves behind her. She caught his eye with a feral smile then arched her back
sharply, thrusting her breasts out and deliberately brushed his erection with
her nipples.

Back arched, she pressed forward into his lap then took her breasts in both
hands and squeezed the warm plump globes around his erect cock. The heat of him
scorched her soft skin. Slowly, she lifted, pulling on the foreskin of his cock,
then pressed down, then lifted and pressed down again, then again with her
breasts, titty-fucking his shaft. His breathing increased in speed.

She concentrated on her breasts around his shaft then suddenly dropped her head,
and her lips enclosed the purple head of his cock as it sat trapped between her
breasts. She tasted something thick and slightly salty. Her tongue swirled
delicately, then not so delicately, against then around the swollen head then
the sensitive edge of his cock.

'Let's see if I remember what else Molly talked about, oh yes...'She released
her breasts abruptly and his cock slapped against his belly in rigidity. She
grabbed the arms of the chair, and enclosed his wrists once more then lifted
again, pressing her breasts against the crisp cotton of his shirt and the
hardness of his chest as she rose, her nipples seeking the minute hardness of
his.

She flipped her head and her hair, forward over his shoulder then dropped
slowly, sweeping her hair down his chest. The silk of her hair rustled against
the cotton as she slid down, her hair pooling into his lap. She flipped her head
sharply to one side then the other, whipping his cock with her mane then flipped
her hair behind her and leaned in, lips open and damp tongue extended.

Chastity locked her eyes on Mr. DuLong and stroked her tongue from the base of
his cock to the bottom of the flared head. She flicked back and forth using tiny
strokes where the head met the shaft right under the ridge and felt him shudder
with every minute caress. With a groan, he scooted forward to the edge of his
chair and spread his knees wider.

Taking his movement as an invitation, she lashed her tongue to the base of his
cock then lower, to caress his ball and lave them with her tongue. Gently she
sucked one onto her mouth and swept her tongue over and around it within the
heated recesses of her mouth, then released it and took in the other. She looked
up to see that he had thrown his head back, the muscles of his throat standing
out in sharp relief.

Grinning to herself she took his balls into her palm then tongue-lashed him to
the top of his shaft and engulfed his cock, as far as she could swallow. Using
her lips in a tight 'o' she sucked and sought to swallow him to the base,
pushing his foreskin down with her lips. Unable to take in the last few inches
of his thick length, she used her hand, fisting his cock tightly to simulate the
rest.

She lifted, her fist following her chin, then fell, her fist squeezing against
his balls, sucking and sweeping her tongue back and forth over the shaft of the
cock she held in her wet mouth. She rose, laving the sensitive head with her
tongue, then fell, sucking and sucking. The sound of suction on wet flesh and
saliva made obscene sounds in her ears. She rose and fell.

His hips began to push the cock deeper into her mouth and she let him choose his
speed. Quick then slow, then very quick, then long and slow, taking him a little
deeper with each stroke. Her nostrils flared as she sought to breathe around
him. He groaned and she felt him pulse in her throat.

'Any time now', she thought and kept pulling and sucking. Chastity squeezed her
thighs together as her hungry cunt flexed in appetite. She writhed her hips to
assuage the building need growing in her body, but succeeded in making the
ravenous hunger worse. She moaned around him and he hissed in pleasure.

Suddenly he began to pant and lift his hips off the chair and hard into her
mouth. She felt him grab her hair with two fists and shove himself too deep for
her to breathe. She choked, her throat closing tightly around the cock that
gagged her. He slid partway out and she took a quick breath. She choked again as
he buried himself all the way down her throat and held her there. He grunted
with a few deep strokes then pulled her completely off by her hair.

Holding her tightly as she gasped for air, he grabbed his cock and shouted,
"Jeezus, fuck!" Long ropes of creamy spunk shot from his cock to spatter on her
face, lips and naked breasts.

'Thank God,' thought Chastity with a grin.

"Very, very good, my dear Chastity," Mr. DuLong panted, as he sat back in his
chair. "That was excellent." He pulled out a snowy handkerchief and handed it to
her. "You have passed your exam."

"Thank you, Sir," she said as she wiped her face of the gooey mess.

"Your creative technique certainly won the day for you." He smiled and pulled
off his glasses to wipe them with yet another handkerchief. "It seems that our
class time is over."

"May I go, Sir?" Chastity asked, reaching for her clothes.

"Not just yet, but you may stand."

'Sadistic son of a bitch...' Chastity swore to herself as she stood on shaky
legs. 'Now what?'

"Turn around please and assume the position."

'What the fuck?' Chastity turned around, and grabbed the back of the chair with
white knuckles. Then she remembered that she had to pull her pants down. She
reached around and slid her jeans and soaked panties down to her knees then she
heard him stand.

"Very good," he said softly then she felt his hand on her ass. She bit her lip
as he smoothed his fingers over the marks he had given her. "It seems that while
you mark quickly, you also recover just as quickly. Tomorrow there may be some
redness but there should be no bruising." He squeezed her buttocks. His fingers
brushed the seam of her displayed ass. Chastity did not like the way things were
going.

"Sir, I thought you said that once I passed the exam, I could go home?"

"I said, and I quote: 'If you are successful in bringing me to climax, then you
will have no more classes beyond this one.' However, this class has yet to be
finished." Then he plunged two fingers into her dripping cunt. Chastity
whimpered slightly as they slid deeply with ease, her excited body wrapping
hungrily around his fingers.

"Well, isn't this nice. You seem to have enjoyed our lesson in fellatio." He
curled his fingers within her then turned his hand until his thumb brushed the
sensitive flesh of her engorged and over excited clit. She shuddered with
reaction and couldn't stop a moan from escaping her lips.

"It really is a shame that you were able to pass the exam. I was looking forward
to spending the entire week with you," he said softly. He buried his fingers as
deeply as they would go, then stroked within.

Chastity found herself shuddering and pushing back against his hand as a
fire-fall pleasure raced down her spine. His thumb danced lightly on her clit,
rubbing and teasing back and forth. His fingers stroked in, then out, increasing
in speed. He touched and pressed her deep inside, pushing her already exited
body toward climax with every plunge. A powerful need for release quickly
overwhelmed her helpless body. She felt the walls of her sex pulse around his
plunging fingers. Climax became immanent. He pulled his fingers out suddenly and
she made a soft sound of regret.

"Luckily, for you, I also recover quickly," he said breathlessly. She felt the
heat of his renewed erection press against her buttocks. Without thought, desire
and sexual hunger overrode her need to escape from the sadistic bastard. She
spread her legs to receive him

His hands closed on her hips and he pulled. The broad head pressed against her
tight opening then he pushed into her, stretching her walls as his cock made
room for itself within her body. He grunted with effort as he shoved into her.
His thighs pressed against her buttocks for only a moment then he was pulling
back out then plunging back in, his fingers digging into her soft flesh.

His hands slid under her, capturing her breasts. He lifted her from the chair
and turned her, still lodged within her tight cunt. Chastity nearly tripped on
the jeans that slid to her ankles as he pressed her against the blackboard. His
hands fisted in her hair, pulling her head back and pressing her breasts against
the black slate. She felt his naked chest against her back and realized that he
must have taken his shirt off.

The sound of wet flesh striking wet flesh was loud in her ears as Mr. DuLong
took her. She shoved back onto him, fucking him as hard as he fucked her. His
fingers pulled on her trapped nipples as he fucked her, his strokes plunging
deeply and quickly, with increasing speed and power.

Suddenly she noticed her reflection in the darkened window glass. Mr. DuLong was
completely naked and she could see the muscles in his back and buttocks flex as
he fucked her against the school blackboard. She watched, her eyes locked on the
reflection as he possessed her, her body shuddering with his hard thrusts.

He released her hair and slid a hand down and around to press his fingertips
against her clit. She cried out as orgasm began to crest, the shimmering waves
of intense pleasure growing in intensity, building, rising... She shuddered,
moaning as she teetered on the edge of a vicious orgasm.

"Your going to cum soon, Chastity," he murmured breathlessly in her ear. "I can
feel how close you are." He felt a hand on her buttocks then a wet finger on the
tight rose of her anus.

"No, please don't..." she panted softly. She tried to push him out, but that
opened her and he pushed, invading her tight virgin canal, plundering past the
snug ring to burrow into heat. He moved his finger and she felt him through the
thin walls of her cunt moving against the cock that fucked her. She screamed and
bucked as the cresting wave of orgasm fell, plunging her into writhing
gratification. Moisture slithered down her thighs as she spasmed powerfully
around both the finger and the cock within her.

"Fuck, yes," Mr. DuLong choked and shoved his cock deeply into her cunt and held
her there, locked tightly against his sweating body. He pulled partway out and
plunged again. She felt his cock moving, moaning as he pumped his load of cum
into her.

They separated and Mr. DuLong dropped naked into his chair. Chastity leaned
against the blackboard in humiliation, her crossed arms over her breasts as
tears slid silently down her cheeks.

"That was delightful," he smiled. Mr. DuLong sighed as he pulled his trousers up
then shrugged into his shirt.

Chastity kept her back to the teacher as she pulled up her jeans, his cum
sliding down her thighs. She fastened her bra then put on her pink blouse.
'Fucking asshole...'

"You have passed your exam, you no longer need to complete this class. My report
to your sponsor will have nothing but excellent marks. Now, you may leave," Mr.
DuLong said as he turned back to the manila folder on his desk.

"Sir?" she said, noting that he had yet to put his belt back on, "I have a
sponsor?" Chastity said in astonishment as she gathered her books. 'This was
deliberate?'

"Why yes. I was brought in specifically to instruct you."

"Sir, who is my sponsor and what have I been sponsored for?" Chastity backed
away from the desk. 'What the hell is going on here?'

"I'm sorry, but I cannot reveal who your sponsor is, although I can say that you
may be assured that your next instructor will be pleased to have such a diligent
student. You are well on your way to qualifying for the Academy, once you
graduate high school." He busily wrote in the folder then raised his eyes to
hers with a tight smile. "Did you wish to continue with this class?"

"Absolutely not, Sir!"

"Then you should go. Your ride will be waiting at the school's front entrance."

Chastity fled, her sneakers making light sounds as she ran for the front doors.
She burst from the school and dashed down the front steps.

"Hey little girl, enjoy your class?" Rob smiled as he leaned against the
passenger door of his silver mustang, tall dark and imposing, his long hair
flying in the brisk breeze.

"Are you my sponsor?" she snapped.

"Hell no," he chuckled as he opened the door. "I was assigned to take your
virginity and make you like it. I guess you can say that I was your first
instructor."

"What?" Chastity stood frozen in shock on the bottom step.

"Come on and get in, I have to take you home." He grabbed her by the arm and
shoved her into the car.

"Who's next to teach me?" she said as she sat in the car. Rob slid into the
driver's side and started the Mustang.

"I have no idea, they haven't told me squat. I had no idea that you'd be seeing
that kinky bastard till I got the call this afternoon."

"You know him?" she asked. 'How the hell did Rob know about Mr. DuLong?' she
wondered as he drove toward her house.

"Don't ask, 'cause I'm not gon'na tell you, but you can be sure that this was
easy compared to what they've probably lined up for you next."

~ end ~


Chastity




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Morgan Hawke


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





