BDSM Library - The brenda Letters




The brenda Letters
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: My total surrender and personal commitment to Jane, my Mistress and my Mommy.
The brenda Letters - Letter 1

by brenda


I often receive email from people who read my stories here in the BDSM Library.
Several times an email from a fan expressing her appreciation for one of my
stories has led to further correspondence. As a consequence I have two Jane's in
my life. The first Jane I met this way is now my shit slave slut whore. The
second Jane is She whom I have longed for in my life, but have been so
frustrated in finding. I knew She was there somewhere, and She found me.

Here begins an exchange of letters between my person and my Darling Miss Jane.
In our early exchange of emails, when we were feeling each other out, I remarked
to Miss Jane that her desire to have me - a grown woman - to be like her
naughty, slutty little girl was totally ludicrous. I am very happy to say that
yes, you can teach this old bitch new tricks. And new passions and desires.

So begins our letters...


Tuesday - 29 October, 2002

Dear Miss Jane,

I do hope your head cold is better this evening. I wish I could have been there
last night to make you a warm drink or offer a hanky or just try to cheer you
up.

Your apologies are not required Miss Jane. It is I who should apologize for my
silly, foolish desperate email.

Please let me explain.

I WANT this, Miss.

So many times have I been let down by others who would have me - own me. It has
almost become a craving with me - not as urgent as my primary craving, more a
deep longing that has never been truly fulfilled.

That is why I had to try to assure myself about you. Some of my emails were
written to intentionally irritate your person.

On my knees begging your forgiveness, but I do not yet fully know you and I have
no other way of knowing or judging what you are truly like.

We still don't know each other truly well, but I sense you share the same
attraction for my person as you do, based on instinct and perhaps strong
curosity.

Last night I personally committed myself to your person. I wish to be your
slave. Your girlslut. Your Candy girl. Your naughty little slut. Your obedient
whore.

Having personally committed myself to you - in my mind giving myself over to you
- I began to tremble and my pussy melted with passion. My heart sang with
happiness and I began to touch my pussy. It felt so good Miss Jane. Better than
it has felt in such a long time. I knew I was going to have an orgasm that would
leave me light headed, gasping and panting for breath.

In the midst of my extreme aroused joy I realized what I was doing. Would Miss
Jane want this? I have had Mistress's who tried to control my orgasms. And I did
not know your feelings about your slut masturbating herself. Not knowing your
wishes, I forced myself to stop. A part of me said 'she will never know.' But I
will have betrayed my own committment before we even began.

It was so hard to stop touching myself. In my desperation I sent my foolish
email. It was very late and you were probably already retired to bed. I told
myself that right after I sent the email. I tried the old remedy for horniness -
a cold shower. It helped somewhat, but I did not dry with the towel between my
thighs - I feared the touch of it would spark the orgasm that I was trying to
deny myself.

I went to bed and tossed and turned but eventually sleep overtook me, and I
slept soundly. I woke this morning and you were the first thing on my mind, Miss
Jane. I felt so HAPPY that I was able to resist my extreme sexual impulses late
last night. I felt very totally and utterly committed to you for that.

I went into town this afternoon for special shopping - girlsih lingerie. I went
from shop to shop and then found THE shop. They had old fashion silk bloomers
there! The kind I remember wearing as a little girl! You know the ones with
elastic around the legs? That come down several inches below the tops of the
thighs? They ARE girlish looking - but very SEXY too - well, if your mind works
a certain way (which my mind IS starting to work that way). I got four pairs.
Pink, baby blue, white and yellow. Trimmed around the legs with white lace. And
four matching bras that look so much like the training bras that girls wear. I
was almost jumping up and down with happiness. I got them to wear for you Miss
Jane if you wish.

I had problems with one of my guests and today was a long day, but when I saw
your email all else faded away - my heart raced and my pussy turned to mush.
Thank you Jane for being realistic and not making demands that would be
impossible to obey. I am a cronic masturbatetress and it thrills me to know that
my emails may have the same effect on your person as yours do on mine - they
make me want to play with my pussy and cum soooooo BIG!!! I long to know these
intimate details about your person and share mine with you.

I present myself totally naked to you, Jane, and ask how you wish me to do so in
future. What a foolish thing I said about something being ludicrous. Please
forgive me. I have never entertained being anyone's little slutgirl, but I am
honestly wet in my pee slit at the thought of being your little slutgirl.

Oh Jane! What you ask. For me to touch my pussy... and spread my legs wide...
for you to enter me... I never would have expected this Dearest Darling Jane..
never in a million years.... and it THRILLS me...

Spreading my legs so wide... Pussy gapes wide and already Ms Clit has crept from
her secret hiding place and is eager to be courted by Miss Janes fingers.
Jane!!! Oh Ms Clit does like you... much more than she likes me... She is so
demanding Miss Jane and you are spoiling her.....You little harlot!!! Not you
Jane... Ms Clit... She has never met you yet she is responding better to you
than she ever has with me... And after all the petting and special attention I
have given her over the years...

And you, Miss Jane... your fingers fit Pussy like a well fitting glove... your
fingers are glistening with my slippery pearly white girl juices...
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm... Jane!!! Your pistioning fingers inside Pussy seem to know
just when to withdraw and tease and court Ms Clit... I adore looking at my
sticky wet girl goo on your beautiful fingers... whimpering for your beautiful
fingers to touch my lips... to wet them with Pussy's sticky girl goo...

Please forgive me Jane.... The strong naughty girl scent of Pussy makes Miss
Anus clench and unclench... makes Ms Clit pulse with impatient need... Licks
your fingers then whimpers again... Unable to resist I capture your fingers in
my mouth... Like a shameless whore I suck and taste Pussy's slippery girl goo...

MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM... JANE!!! Sensing Ms Clit's urgent need, your fingers desert
my hungering mouth to court and completely ravish that shameless little tart.
The little bitch is revelling in her own ravishment and I am completely and
utterly undone.

Whimpering now like your obedient little little girlslut... Ms Ass grinds and
dances as only Ms Ass knows how to ass dance.... Noooooooooooooo!!!
Oooohhhhhhhhhhhh!!! Oh Yes!!! Yes Jane!!! You KNOW!!! Your other hand enters the
scene, two fingers worming deep into Miss Anus... Miss Anus clinches your
fingers tightly... the little whore is even more shameless than Ms Clit...
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM..... I should have warned you about that nasty little
slut... She will brown your two beautiful fingers... Dirty them in the most lewd
way...

Two fingers rubbing Ms Clit rapidly... roughly... two more fingers thrushting
hard and deep in Miss Anus... Both of the wicked little sluts being totally
raped in unison... Jane!!! Please!!! I can't wait... I am convulsing... caught
in a vortex of extreme passion and pleasure... Jane!!!! I scream your name as I
release all of the pent up desire and longing... As I wet your fingers and my
thighs with my sticky girl goo...

Ms Clit and Miss Anus are thoroughly satiated... and I feel so dreamy... so
satisfied... so HAPPY... 

You wrote:

Then after you have cum for me, I shall caress you and cuddle you as you deserve
to be petted and cherished.  You will be my bed companion and we shall hold each
other in our arms and let our bodies entwine like true lovers.

That was the most unexpected part of your unexpected email. To be held and
cuddled as your bed companion. Bodies entwined like true lovers. Please Jane,
forgive any doubts I may have harbored about your person. I adore you!!! You are
making me want to do ANYTHING that excites and wet your pussy. Your wet pussy is
my Goddess. Making me long to experience your darker, deeper, and cruel
passions. I want to make Goddess Pussy wetter and gooier than She has ever been.

I have a very heavy girl crush on you Jane, one that could so easily lead to
falling head over heels in love with you. I want to be your slutgirl and Candy
girl more than anything else I could name in this whole world.

brenda




The brenda Letters - Letter 2

by brenda


Wednesday - 30 October, 2002

Dearest Jane,

Now it is my special time of the day. I have wet my panties at least a dozen
times throughout the day thinking of this precious time with my Owner - my
Mistress.

I know that scat is new to your person, and as we are both new to our
relationship, I will risk incurring your displeasure by introducing you to it in
this letter.

In my last letter I confessed to being a hopeless masturbatress (masturbatrix
better?). I adore making my own words such as that - and I see many examples in
your letters that you share that same passion. A few years ago, when I worried
unduly about the correctness of my writing, I maintained my own 'writer's
dictionary.' I have gone past that formal - often awkward style - and prefer to
write as I would think in my mind or in every day spoken language. With your
blessing I should like to maintain a listing of our own words - AND use them as
often as we can. Why should we be bound by anything - even written English? I
long to explore with you and bring out the deepest cunt feelings. Jane I ADORE
your improper English words.

I did tell you that I am prone to rambling in my letters when given the freedom.
I am going to ramble off now again while it is still in my mind - I do not feel
restricted or bound by formal D/s or bdsm crap with you. I feel FREE with you,
Miss Jane. Free to be completely me with you. One might think that odd in a D/s
relationship - but why should ANY relationship make one less than HAPPY and
feeling FREE? Happy and free is how you make me feel, Jane.

Will try not to ramble off for a few minutes before I present myself properly to
you. I am totally naked here at my PC - naked and with a very wet pussy. I would
have worn a pair of my new girlie panties for you but I wish to save that for
the next time. I went to the toilet right after I stripped naked for you and sat
there first pissing then shitting while thinking about you and this letter I am
now writing. I rose from the toilet and came straight to my PC to be with you.

Please note that I did not say I wiped myself after rising from the toilet, for
I didn't. I NEVER wipe my shitty ass when I am in an extremely passionate mood
as I am in today. All day long I lived this in my mind, thinking about what I
was going to do and say.

Hold that thought for a moment while I explain something else. A month ago my
IBM monitor went bad and I replaced it with a ViewSonic 17" flat screen monitor.
It came free with a wireless keyboard and mouse. I had a very comfy and cozy
recliner in my lounge - which I seldom enjoyed because I spend so much time in
the room where my PC is located. But my recliner is receiving much use now - the
same day I installed my new monitor and wireless goodies - I moved the recliner
right next to my monitor.

I am nicely stretched out on my recliner and will be slowly masturbating myself
in the most brazen way. In the way that only a dirty girlslut like me does best.
I give as much attention to pleasure-sensitive Miss Anus as I do with Ms Clit.
MMMMMMMM I frequently taste Pussy's girl goo as I masturbate like this. Oh, and
Miss Jane, not to shock you, but I just as frequently taste Miss Anus's brown
candy... her bittersweet ass fudge... Tonight and every special night from now
on it will be Your girl goo I will be tasting... Your bittersweet ass fudge I
will hungrily suck from my well browned finger.

Darling Jane I would adore lying naked before you on the floor masturbating like
this. Having you watch me. It would be more embarrassing and shameful to do thus
in front of guests of yours - but would be sooooo THRILLING with it. Emotions
such as embarrassment, humiliation and shame are a very important part of sex
with me. Without these emotions sex is not thrilling nor satisfying.

Since last night I am ALIVE and teeming with emotions - baring my soul and
innermost secrets to you and anyone who would read them. You are making me more
shameless than I already am. Your brendagirl is longing to explore the very
depths of total shamelessness with you Jane - Mommy Jane.

You mentioned fleetingly in one of your early letters a passion for breast
torture. I have risen from my recliner to fetch a couple of clothes pins. I
sometimes use them to close up plastic baggies of food to help keep them fresh.
I have just thought of a new use for them. I shall always keep two of them here
beside my PC when they are required.

I have just tried them Mommy, and they hurt. I am whimpering "I love you, Mommy"
over and over as I write. As I touch-tease. As I taste. I shall keep them
attached until I do BIG cummies for Mommy.

Mommy the clothes pins on my nipples hurt. But they hurt so good. Ms Clit is
happier and feeling sexier than she has ever felt. And Pussy is oozing sticky
girl goo. It tastes delicious, Mommy.

I wish you could kiss your adoring girlie slut, Mommy. With your face above
mine. My mouth opens under your mouth, heart races and Ms Clit goes into a
frenzy of deep cunt passion as your mouth works above mine... as you drool your
sweet tasting saliva into my mouth...

You just messaged me Mommy:

Do you commit yourself to be totally obedient to me, slutgirl?  No matter how
embarrassing, degrading, or painful? Well. Do you?

YES!!! Yes Mommy. Yes - and for the whole world to read that I am YOUR slut and
YOURS alone.

I messaged you that I was going to do cummies soon for you. You messaged me
back:

CUM NOW!!!!!

CUM  BIG  FOR  MOMMY!!!!!!

I did cum for you Mommy. BIG!!! Me cummed as I read what you wrote along with
your command to cum:

Darling, I'm going to bed now with soppy panties which I shall continue to wear
as my juices drip all night because of you.

That is what made me do such big cummies for you. That me pleased you so much
you made your panties soppy.

I love you, Mommy.


brendagirl




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





