BDSM Library - A Divorced Mom Explores Yahoo




A Divorced Mom Explores Yahoo
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A mother off a 13 year old bratty daughter seeks help on the net She chat's with another Mom and found who's she looked for, but is it the right Person?
       A Divorced Mom explores Yahoo!

   Marsha, a divorced Mom of a 13 year old daughter had trouble with her
somewhat to bratty daughter. To seek help she tried to look at the Internet for
some Advice.

After some hours surfing trough the sites She found Yahoo's chatrooms and became
a Member at yahoo.

I a chatroom for Moms to Moms she meets a Woman who took her Interest. Marsha
asked that Woman if she could Pm her. As that Woman, her screenname was Mrs.TIF
toold her she would be enticed.

Marsha chatted with her a while and they both understood each other right from
the beginning.

After a hour or so chatting with Mrs.Tif they chatted about very intimate things
and as Mrs Tif told Marsha that she is a domme Lesbian Marsha got awestruck and
a bit curious. Mrs.TIF then told Marshe she could give Marsha advice with her
bratty daughter and that She would enjoy to have Marsha as her Pupil. Marsha
thought that this might glide out off hands and with fear she signed off.

She doesn't wanted to fall in the clutches off a real domme woman but after a
while she thought "what will it harm me?" and curious as she was, She signed on
again.

It was a Fate she did, she found out much, much later....

If you like this storie and have suggestions or can help me to continue.

I even could need help with my English cos english isn't my mother language!
Please send E-Mail to:

mom of une@Aol.           


             Mrs. Tif and Marsha!

Mrs.TIF: Hi u still there again? Marsha.
Marsha: I came just on again Mrs. Tif
Mrs.TIF: I think you are getting addicted to this life style...smile.
Marsha: Perhaps... but I dont think so really Mrs.TIF.
Mrs.TIF: Well dont take it personally, My dear but deep in you I think you have
a subbie side...smile
Marsha: I know that myself...blush... but I have to be careful...have to care
for my lil daughter you know?...
Mrs.TIF: Actually you dont have to worry for them if you have the right Mistress
I dont think that should be any concern, My dear Marsha.
Mrs.TIF: I think in fact your Mistress would be a lot of help in protecting you
and also your Daughter.
Marsha: But how do I know if it is the right one? mean who really cares about my
problems?
Mrs.TIF: Well take My advise dont take a over night decision, take your time and
find out the right Mistress for you.
Marsha: I take time... but haven't found one jet.
Mrs.TIF: What are you looking for in a Mistress? probably I'am could help
Marsha.
Marsha: I look for one who really cares about Me. Who cares also about my
Privates, for Me and my daughter to, perhaps.
Mrs.TIF: Well how old is your daughter?
Marsha: She's 13, nearly 14 now and its a real bratty one. I really could need
advice to, to tame her a bit.
Mrs.TIF: Come on you got to be her friend at this age Marsha...smile.
Marsha: I try but how can one just be a friend to a daughter who its leazy? who
doesn't want to help in the household? who doesn't really works for school?
Mrs.TIF: I think you really need help in handling yourself and your daughter
too.
Marsha: You see I have real problems...
Mrs.TIF: Like what? Marsha my dear.
Marsha: It is true I really need help with my daughter... everythings been
easier as my husband was around...sigh
Mrs.TIF: What you need is a stong Mistress since you are a les and you have BDSM
tendencies Marsha!
Marsha: Perhaps you're right... a strong Mistress might tell Me what to do, how
to handle my brat.
Mrs.TIF: Does your daughter know u are a lesbian?
Marsha: Perhaps She might teach Me to be stronger with Elfi.
Mrs.TIF: Oh her name is Elfi?
Marsha: No she doesn't knows... I believe.
Marsha: Real Elfriede... but we call her Elfi
Mrs.TIF: one sec, Marsha dear.
Marsha: Ok...I'll wait Mrs.TIF.
Mrs.TIF: Call me Mistress Marsha.
Marsha: Ok, Mistress...
Mrs.TIF: One sec let Me answer this call
Marsha: Yes mistress
Mrs.TIF: Well I am back, Marsha My dear.
Marsha: That is nice mistress Tif
Mrs.TIF: smile
Mrs.TIF: Tell Me dont you think you should be a bit selfish also?
Marsha: I should... but how can I? I'm have to care for her. She must get good
at school.
Mrs.TIF: Learn to hit two birds with one stone Marsha. It should be learn to
hit...
Marsha: lol... I cant even hit one with a stone....I love birds.
Mrs.TIF: lol
Mrs.TIF: Get a Mistress to take care of you and your daughter Marsha!!!.Does
that not answer your problems?.
Marsha: Yes think it would, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.TIF: In return probable the Mistress would use you for sex which I think you
would probably love...smile.
Marsha: Wish I had one here near us who would be kind as you, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.TIF: Don't take Me for granted marsha,  I am very firm and arrogant too! I
don't take nonsence, My dear one.
Marsha: Think firm a Mistress must be... I know I'm to weak willed...sigh
Mrs.TIF: Dont worry your self come keep your face in My laps, My dear
Marsha...smile
Marsha: smile... I would luv that.
Mrs.TIF: But I dont think you would love Me spanking your bottems... giggle.
Marsha: You, you would really spanking me?.. mean hard? or just, just love
spanking?
Mrs.TIF: It's love spanking but I get a high when it's hard and you cry for Me.
Mrs.TIF: In fact I get a good orgasm that way...smile.
Marsha: Oh may... I, I'm cant stand pain, Mistress...sigh
Mrs.TIF: Come on baby you will soon learn to love it...smile. Imagine Me
dildoing your ass... giggle.
Marsha: You, you making me feel like a lil Girl, when You call me baby Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Well I'am a bit older then you so I like to treat like you are my
baby... ever had a dildo in your ass?
Marsha: you, you're just ten years older then I'am, mistress... I read your
profile
Mrs.TIF: What year youu were born?
Marsha: no hadn't any in my butt mistress.
Mrs.TIF: I love that the most
Marsha: 1970... 30.09... my birthday just gone...mistress
Mrs.TIF: Ohh 2nt sept 1961
Mrs.TIF: so I am more then 10 years older, Marsha.
Mrs.TIF: Do u work?
Marsha: Yes I work at home.
Mrs.TIF: lol
Mrs.TIF: That I also do
Marsha: I do CNC programming
Mrs.TIF: What is that?
Marsha: computer numeric cutting I do...for some factories around here, mistress
Mrs.TIF: ok
Mrs.TIF: Ever had sex with a female?
Marsha: As a Girl at school...its been almost 16 years now, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Missing out on the good thing Marsha... grin
Marsha: I just  been divorced for a half year, that its why, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Can u tell how u had sex with this Girl if u dont mind?
Marsha: I thought so myself...that its why I'm got on the net...to try out new
things, mistress
Mrs.TIF: But this is a alternative life style. I think you have that in you so
you keep comming to this room!
Marsha: We just cuddled and kissed... we did also 69...blush but  not for long
then my former husband got me.
Mrs.TIF: Well with me its very different
Marsha: I know it will be diffrent whit you mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Well I love tying my Girl and laying her with her ass in the air and
dildoing it with a strappon... smile.
Marsha: Oh mistress my daughter its out off bed...
Mrs.TIF: Does, did she?
Mrs.TIF: Be firm!
Mrs.TIF: Dont take nonsence !!!
Mrs.TIF: I think u have to take the stick
Marsha: Oh woow... that, that sounds a bit harsh... as I'm hadn't  done such
thing before
Mrs.TIF: Then how do you correct her?
Mrs.TIF: Had I been there I would have canned her very bad!
Marsha: I shout at her. dont give her pocket money...didn't let her go out,
arrest her.
Marsha: you, you would canning her? oh may...I couldn't.
Mrs.TIF: Well someone has to dicipline her
Marsha: True... I try my best... but it seems I'm really to soft...sigh.
Mrs.TIF: Yes I think I have to agree, you are very soft Marsha.
Marsha: Perhaps I should tell her that you're now teach me...smile
Mrs.TIF: And I should keep one for the mother also...smile
Marsha: blush
Mrs.TIF: Imagine me spanking you Marsha.
Marsha: You, you really would spank me too mistress, I believe now...
Mrs.TIF: That is My love, My life Marsha.
Marsha: I see...mistress Elfi its asking me what I do? she wants her breakfirst.
Mrs.TIF: Now lay your foot down and tell her to take it on her own! Since she
has not woken up early, that is her punishment!
Marsha: I'll try...giggle stamping my foot and tell her to get fix it herself.
Mrs.TIF: Good, Marsha, and you better see to it that she takes it on her own!
Marsha: She's pouting...giggle but still its not going... she's to noesy what
I'm doing at the comp.
Mrs.TIF: Dont care Marsha, we will chat as normal friends! Let her stay hungry!.
Marsha: I dont care...really Mistress... she's uncertain what to do...she knows
I'm angry at her now...smile
Mrs.TIF: Good Girl, so you have won half the battle! Now remain relaxed, dont
worry
Marsha: Ok... I understood...smile
Mrs.TIF: Convey to her that you are really angry and that you really dont like
that behaviour of hers with out talking!!!.
Marsha: Ok... I tell her that I'm chatting with a new found close up friend and
she should let us have our chat...
Mrs.TIF: Yes that its it. Show her who's Boss here now, Marsha.
Marsha: She's still pouting...ask what were chatting about... but she's timid
now...giggle
Mrs.TIF: Should that be her business? What we both talking about?
Marsha: Not really but, but I think she should witness that you, mean we talking
about her and her behavior. Dont You think so? Mistress Tif.
Mrs.TIF: Ok but probalbly at a later time!
You first introduce Me to her when she is in a good mood! See, she should not
feel you are talking about her to the public! Only to a Good Friend who is
caring for you Both Girls!.
Marsha: I just told her that you're told me to be a bit stricther... and she
wont believe you would be much more stricther then I'am....lol
Mrs.TIF: Well I understand, has she left the bed early? Or does she sleep
usually longer?.
Marsha: She's asking about your name... smile... She wants to know more... I
think she's just noesy and forgotten her breakfast...giggle
Mrs.TIF: Is she beside you now?
Marsha: She's really kind now...smile
Mrs.TIF: Good so, yo u got your way! Now tell her in a nice tone to take her
breakfast Marsha! Do it now Girl.
Marsha: She sits across me, cant read the screen. Mistress, I told her... she's
really gone...smile
Mrs.TIF: That's good! So I have handled the daughter, now let Me handle this
Mother... grin.
Marsha: You really had done it, Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Done what?
Marsha: If I was alone I wouldn't have been so firm. Not handled the situation
here Mistress, as you did.
Mrs.TIF: Well now I would love to handle the mother... grin.

Marsha: To, to handle me? I haven't done anything wrong...done as you told me,
Mistress!
Mrs.TIF: Well you have not got Me, dear darling. I want you to do what I say
now!
Marsha: I done anything you said Mistress,
and I will do so in the furture also, Mistress really...
Mrs.TIF: Ok now take your hand to your boobs and pinch them!Take your hand over
your booobs and pinch your nipples!
Marsha: Oh... yes I do so, mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Pinch them hard. Imagine my hand over them, My Girl.
Marsha: I'm really getting aroused, Mistress when I feel my breast like this
Mrs.TIF: You are arosing Me also Darling.
Marsha: I like this...blush... but, but what if, if Elfi comes back? She might
see that I'm aroused and excited feel now...blush
Mrs.TIF: Is she really around now? In your room,? By you right now? Marsha My
Girl, My Darling.  
Marsha: She's still downstairs in the kitchen...but, but she might come back,
Mistress
Mrs.TIF: Cant you latch the door?
Marsha: I can but havent done that before.
Mrs.TIF: Tell her that you are working on an important assignment and do not
want to be disturbed! Marsha.
Marsha: Ok I tell her, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Now go latch the door! Marsha.
Marsha: Done it allready... the first time ever... she will not understand...
but I do not let her in.
Mrs.TIF: Wow you now are really becoming My subbie, Marsha.
Mrs.TIF: I would like to place a training collar to you.
Marsha: blush...it, it is, you making me, Mistress. A training collar?
Mrs.TIF: Well when a sub is under a real Mistress's inspection whe wears a
training collar!
Marsha: Oh I understand, Mistress...
Mrs.TIF: Well now what are you wearing Girl?
Marsha: I wear a housegown. bra and panties Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Well remove those house gown of yours! Marsha.
Marsha: Yes mistress... do pull my gown off... I'm really do it.
Mrs.TIF: only if u had a cam... giggle.
Marsha: I haven't one...sigh
Mrs.TIF: Its all right dont worry, Marsha.
Mrs.TIF: Are you now in undies?
Marsha: Yes undies and bra only, I'am now wearing Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Now then remove them also Marsha.
Marsha: Yes mistress I do so
Mrs.TIF: Feel that I am, Your Mistress removing them!
Mrs.TIF: Did you do it?
Marsha: Imagine you're doing me now. Mrs.TIF: yessss

Mrs.TIF: What is your breast like?
Marsha: I'm so aroused now getting wet...
Mrs.TIF: Muummmm. Now you will do it My way, with BDSM
Marsha: Yes do it you way, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Pinch your nipples! Imagine My hand over them pinching and stroking.
Marsha: Pinch my nipples... getting real wet now
Mrs.TIF: Slap your face... for Me.
Marsha: Oowww... it hurts...
Mrs.TIF: One more
Marsha: Slap my face once tway's
Mrs.TIF: Now pinch your boobs, for Mistress.
Marsha: Pinch hard nowwwww...ohhhhh mayyyyy...
Mrs.TIF: How are your nipples now Marsha?
Marsha: I'm so horny noww mistress...
Mrs.TIF: Only if I Myself were there
Marsha: They are hard, very hard now
Mrs.TIF: I would have didldoed that ass of your's.
Marsha: I'm  wetting my chair mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Now hit on your pussy, Marsha.
Marsha: Ohhhhh, yes slapping my pussy...oh may I'm on the edge now
Mrs.TIF: Keeep slapping
Mrs.TIF: Hard
Mrs.TIF: Imagine My didldo in your asss at this stage...
Mrs.TIF: Slap your pussy whith the other hand
Marsha: OWWwwwwwwww I'm cumminggggggggg
Mrs.TIF: Pull your hairs and keep hitting
Marsha: yesssssssss
Mrs.TIF: Pulll your hair hard and imagine Me pulling you by your hairs and
playing with your pussy, My darling Girl Marsha.
Marsha: i'm leaking...ohhh may mistress...
Mrs.TIF: Now imagine my lips in your pusy and finger it
Marsha: ohhhhhhh yesssssssss luvvvvv thissssssss
Mrs.TIF: Imagine my lips going deeper
Mrs.TIF: Licking u from the inside
Marsha: Sorry mistresss, but, but I'm gasping for air....
Mrs.TIF: Go on!
Mrs.TIF: Dont stop!
Mrs.TIF: Do as Mistress told!!!
Marsha: cant type.... tingle all over noww
Mrs.TIF: Finger your pussy imagining my tounge going deep inside.
Marsha: moan out lout nowwwwwwwwwwwwww
Mrs.TIF: Now pinch the lips of your vigina
Marsha: yessssssss do allllllllll
Mrs.TIF: Pinch your cunt lips
Mrs.TIF: Imagine My tounge in your pussy
Marsha: Oh may mistressssss... Ive been cumming so hard....thank U mistresss
Mrs.TIF: Now u have passed your orgasm
Marsha: I even overheard Elfi was knocking on the door...she's now asking if I'm
being Ok...blush
Mrs.TIF: Ok now you can dress up My Girl.
And open the door for Our Elfi.
Marsha: Thank U mistress...thank U very much for, for this experience.
Mrs.TIF: Thanks will not do Marsha...smirk. Marsha: but, but what will do?
Please mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Well I want you totally Marsha!.

Marsha: I dress and go to open the door... hope Elfi didn't heart my moans.
Marsha: Elfi its in here now Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Ok
Mrs.TIF: Did she have her breakfast?
Marsha: She's asking why I screamt. why I moaned...blush
Mrs.TIF: Ohh, smile
Marsha: Yes she had her breakfast...she's a bit puzzled ...cos I closed the
door.
Mrs.TIF: Tell her something else and divert her attention, tell her you are
working on some important assignment.
Marsha: Told her I banged my foot as I was going for some drawings I needed
Mrs.TIF: Good Girl...smile... Is she peeping in the screen?
Marsha: Told her I did send some files to an imprtand compagnie, Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Good Girl Marsha.
Marsha: N she cant see the screen Mistress...I care to that.
Mrs.TIF: Nw can I get M pound of flesh?
Marsha: Yur pound off Flesh?
Mrs.TIF: Ys Iwant you, Marsha My Lil Darling!
Marsha: You, you want me? but, but Elfi its here...blush... and beside that...
you, you're having me allready I believe, dearest Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Thank you, you're a Good Girl Marsha.
Marsha: You're most welcome.
Mrs.TIF: Tell me is she not studding?
Marsha: She cant see the screen...
Mrs.TIF: Ok! How will you serve Me?
Marsha: I will serve you as you want, mistress... I know I need you now.
Mrs.TIF: Good so you will wear My collar?
Marsha: Yes will wear your collar, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Good Girl! I only hope I could send you a real collar to wear, Ma Girl.
Marsha: Oh may...my pussy its still wet going.
Marsha: I, I'm could buy one here if you want mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Would u?
Mrs.TIF: Good.
Mrs.TIF: I could pay u for it.
Mrs.TIF: Tell Me the cost?
Marsha: Yes I would, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Get a nice one, a Leather one.
Marsha: I dont think they cost much...
Mrs.TIF: Will you get a leather one? My darling Marsha.
Marsha: Yes a leather one, mistress... perhaps with, with nice studs on
it...seen such ones at a petshop here.
Mrs.TIF: Good Girl, Marsha.
Mrs.TIF: are u there
Marsha: Yes I'm there Mistress...just had to tell Elfi about our new frienship.
Mrs.TIF: Ohh, you want Me to chat with her My dear Girl Marsha.
Marsha: If you want, Mistress... but, but you have to be careful. if I let her
see the screen.
Mrs.TIF: Then better not, Marsha.
Marsha: You can...I will type her answers... she isnt good at typing.
Mrs.TIF: Ok, Marsha,,,  hi Elfi
Marsha: smile...she's now really nice behaving,
Marsha: Hello
Mrs.TIF: I am a friend of your Mom, Elfi.
Marsha: Mom told me. She meets U a few days before here
Mrs.TIF: Yes, that is right Elfi. I hear your mother is very concerned about
you?
Marsha: Mum, She even told me that you're kind and try to help her at my
fortcomming at school
Mrs.TIF: Of course, I do try Elfi. It is Importand that you're well Educated, in
ALL things... smile.
Marsha: education...she meant Mistress.
Mrs.TIF: I could even help you in your studies, Elfi. I'am a Good teacher for
young Girls. What class are you in?.
Marsha: Oh that would be great, Mum its not real good at it. She hasn't much
patience with me.
Mrs.TIF: Come on Elfi, dear. Your mother is a darling... smile.
Marsha: I'm in the 8th grade now, Ma'am.
Mrs.TIF: She is so concerned about You.
Marsha: She is...much to much Ma'am.
Mrs.TIF: And one thing I hate childrens who do not Obey! There mother's Elfi!!!
Marsha: See I told Elfi can behave if she wants to...smile...but mostly she's a
bratty one...giggle
Mrs.TIF: Well all kid`s are Marsha! And with My help we make her a nice young
Lady in no time...smile.
Mrs.TIF: Imagine if they were not bratty? How boring the world would be?
Marsha: She's giggling now... told me you're kind but talk as the most grown ups
do.
Mrs.TIF: Well we talk about you Elfi, because We are concerned about you! We
love you dearest Elfi.
Marsha: I Imagine it, mistress... but she now grinning at me...that brat.
Mrs.TIF: Ok, Marsha I want to take a break
Mrs.TIF: I will chat up with you in an hours time
Marsha: She's smiling as I told her that you love her too, Mistress. She's
really behaving now...smile
Mrs.TIF: Say Elfi I LOVE her and tell her to be nice... smile. I want her to be
a Good Girl, like you are Marsha!.
Marsha: Ok, Mistress. thanks for all...I must go shopping...will look for you
late afternoon...bye, bye...Kiss, Kiss.
Mrs.TIF: What time?
Mrs.TIF: Tell Me where do u live?
Marsha: GMT time about 4pm...right?
Mrs.TIF: Where do u live?
Marsha: Greathern Manchester in the UK we live mistress.
Mrs.TIF: ok
Mrs.TIF: What time is it over there?
Mrs.TIF: local time?
Marsha: Its now nearly half past 9am.
Mrs.TIF: You will be going shopping?
Marsha: Yes must go for some food or we might starving...smile b
Mrs.TIF: Is Elfi around?
Marsha: She's gone to her room now, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Can she see the screen?
Mrs.TIF: Well i want you to do some thing for Me, when u go shopping Marsha.
Marsha: Ok I'm listen mistress.
Mrs.TIF: What will you be wearing?
Marsha: My usual outfit...skirt. blouse a pullover and a jackett its cold here.
Mrs.TIF: Ohh, I want you to go out with out your panties!!!
Marsha: We have about 13 centigrads here.
Mrs.TIF: Oh thats quit bad, Marsha.
Marsha: Ok without panties today...giggle.
Mrs.TIF: But with out panties, will do I think and bra also
Marsha: I think it woulnd't be to cold mistress.
Mrs.TIF: Will the bra and pantie be of much difference for the cold?
Marsha: I do without panties and bra, mistress
Mrs.TIF: Good Girkl!...smile. Tell me about your experience later
Marsha: Ok mistress...bye KISSS;KISSS.
Mrs.TIF: bye My darling Marsha.

c
Mrs.Tif: Hi Marsha.
Marsha: Ooh hello mistress nice that you allready there.
Mrs.Tif: Yes I was getting bored on a Saturday afternoon here alone Marsha, my
darling. I'am lucky to have you back.
Marsha: We been all morning shopping. It wasn't cold as I thought without
panties nor bra.
Mrs.Tif: Qh, how was your experience? Tell me about it Girl.
Marsha: It wasn't so embarrassing as I thought. none noticed...smile
Mrs.Tif: I would have love to make you go out in micro skirt...smile.
Marsha: I feelt just a bit uneasy as I had to sit down.
Mrs.Tif: Probalbly in summer I could make you go out in micro skirt and heeled
strap on Sandals, without panties...smile.
Marsha: In micro skirt? oh may that will be really embarrassing, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: I want to control you, My Girl.
Marsha: You did allready this morning mistress....smile
Mrs.Tif: smiles
Mrs.Tif: Yes and it was wonderful, My dear.
Marsha: Elfi, was wondering why I closed my door. She nagged me with Questions
about it and you too.
Mrs.Tif: Oh how is our daughter? What happened?
Marsha: She's fine. Behaved well today, mistress. I think she knows something
its going on...somethings have changed.
Mrs.Tif: Dont worry My dear. Our Elfi will not understand what relationship We
have...smile.
Marsha: I hope so mistress... and if I will tell I have my own needs....giggle
Mrs.Tif: Yes and what's they are?
Marsha: Sexual needs...blush
Mrs.Tif: Ummm but with Me only!.
Marsha: Even a mum like me has sexual needs mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Yes but a sub does not express her needs! Marsha.
Marsha: Yes with you only... I like to be with you very much.
Mrs.Tif: She, the Subbie, could probably just try to express it indirectly.
Mrs.Tif: You're heated up now?
Marsha: Yes I'am... without panties I was thinking the whole time about our
session this morning.
Mrs.Tif: I think I have to train you a bit, you naughty Girl Marsha.
Marsha: Oh, train me?
Mrs.Tif: Yes you agreed to wear My collar!
Marsha: Yes I did agree and I will get one, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: So u are My property now Marsha.
Marsha: Oh, yes I'am.
Mrs.Tif: Well a sub should not directly express her needs! Marsha.
Marsha: I dont did it, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Well you should be punished for this, Marsha.
Marsha: Oh but, but I just said I could tell Our Elfi if she's nagging me to
much about you...blush
Mrs.Tif: Well I have decided to punish you, any problem?.
Marsha: Ohhh
Mrs.Tif: Now take your right hand and pinch your nipples for 2 minutes hard
Marsha: Yes mistress... I do as told
Mrs.Tif: Good Girl!
Mrs.Tif: It should be pain!.
Mrs.Tif: Dont just play with them!!
Mrs.Tif: And think that I am pinching them, Marsha.
Marsha: I pinch hard as I can, mistress, really
Mrs.Tif: Ok I take your words!!!
Mrs.Tif: I think this will make u learn more, My darling Marsha.
Marsha: I like to learn, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Probably you should be hyptonised
for it?.
Marsha: Hypnotised? U can hypnotize?
Mrs.Tif: No but I will have to learn it,  if I want you to be completely under
My control!.
Marsha: I'm very interested about hypnosis things myself, since I've been to a
hypno stage show, Mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Have u been? Do you have any idea how it is done?
Marsha: Not really... it has to do with deep relaxation I read.
Mrs.Tif: Ok could I try it with you, Marsha.
Marsha: Also a strong person who can hold one steady in it.
Mrs.Tif: Well thats Me!
Marsha: True, thats you...the strong one.
Mrs.Tif: You're right My darling Marsha. I'am the strong one.

Mrs.Tif: Now how are you sitting?
Marsha: I sit on a comfortable leather chair mistress.
Mrs.Tif: In front of your computer?
Marsha: A pushable one on four wheels.
Mrs.Tif: Now keep your sholders relaxed! My dear Girl, and your back straight.
Marsha: Oh my nipples are really hard now mistress...yes sit as told.
Mrs.Tif: Well Our first hypnosis session!
Mrs.Tif: Ok?
Marsha: Oh...sounds excithing mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Now sit relaxed with your back straight!
Mrs.Tif: Your sholders relaxed?
Marsha: Yes they are!
Mrs.Tif: your leg's in front
Mrs.Tif: First is there any other distraction in the room?
Marsha: Yes they in front... my nipples puckering
Mrs.Tif: Hope I could slap you hard on your face right now, Marsha.
Marsha: No there isn't any distraction mistress Elfi its at her friend for a
hour I think.
Mrs.Tif: Ok, now you will concentrate on all that I type, is that clear... first
I will make you relaxed!
Marsha: Yes mistress concentrate only on your  writings to me
Mrs.Tif: Good Girl!
Mrs.Tif: Now are you sitting as I have told you?
Marsha: Yes I do.
Mrs.Tif: Your sholders are relaxed?
Marsha: Yes Mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Now feel the breathing u are doing!
Mrs.Tif: you have to breathing slowely
Mrs.Tif: in deep breaths
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: continue
Mrs.Tif: slow breathing
Mrs.Tif: now think about Your Mistress!!
Mrs.Tif: Your partner in life!
Marsha: Yes mistress
Mrs.Tif: dont type Marsha, My Girl !.
Mrs.Tif: keep breathing slowely
Mrs.Tif: with deep breaths
Mrs.Tif: sholders relaxed
Mrs.Tif: only your eyes is on the computer screen
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: breath in
Mrs.Tif: breath out
Mrs.Tif: you are completely relaxed
Mrs.Tif: at piece with the world
Mrs.Tif: now think of this Woman Your Nice Mistress!
Mrs.Tif: a Lady 10 years in front your age
Mrs.Tif: picture Her in your mind
Mrs.Tif: She is a strong Women
Mrs.Tif: picture it in your mind
Mrs.Tif: remember you are breathing slowely
Mrs.Tif: now picture your self as a Person who belongs to this Mistress
Mrs.Tif: a Women you are completely dependent upon
Mrs.Tif: a Woman who OWNS you, Marsha
Mrs.Tif: a Woman who has strong Needs
Mrs.Tif: your motive in Life is to satisfy Her Needs
Mrs.Tif: She is kind
Mrs.Tif: She OWMS you
Mrs.Tif: you BELONG to Her
Mrs.Tif: your body BELONGS to Her
Mrs.Tif: you are Her property
Mrs.Tif: imagine this in your mind
Mrs.Tif: you cease to exist without Her
Mrs.Tif: She can USE you as 'She thinks fit for Her
Mrs.Tif: you are Her Property
Mrs.Tif: ok now just think of Her
Mrs.Tif: and relax
Mrs.Tif: and wake up
Mrs.Tif: ok wake up now Marsha!
Marsha: Ooh mistress this, this was great.
Mrs.Tif: How do you feel Marsha.
Marsha: Relaxed and have just you in my mind Mistress Tif
Mrs.Tif: Good Girl Marsha.
Mrs.Tif: You are My PROBERTY and you now should have only Me in your mind...
smile.
Marsha: I have the feel as I really belong to you.
Mrs.Tif: Wow so I'am been successful ...smile
Mrs.Tif: I will continue hypno with you!
Marsha: And, and Elfi also belongs to you as I'am do now Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Yes she is My daughter also now!!
Marsha: She, she is Our both daughter, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Yes I am so happy today, Marsha.
Mrs.Tif: Can I have her? As My Own Child?
Marsha: I'am happy now also Mistress Tif, all the stress its gone now I feelt
before
Mrs.Tif: I think you have to go through these sessions every day Marsha.
Mrs.Tif: so that u come completely under my control d
Marsha: You care now for Elfi. just as I did before... I feel it Mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Yes My baby i do!
Mrs.Tif: She is my daughter just as she is yours now, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: You are My responsibility so is your daughter now Marsha.
Marsha: smile... its such a good feel to know You caring for the both off us now
mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Of course Marsha but I love BDSM for you!.
Marsha: I love all you... belong to you mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Yes that is the spirit you must have My Girl! Now can I use that body
of Mine!
Marsha: You're my guadian, my whole life depends on you as Elfi's does now
also...I feel it deep within me, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: yes that is the feeling
Mrs.Tif: I am so happy today, My Girl.
Marsha: So I'am, mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: I own you as My sub and have also lil daughter.
Mrs.Tif: I can call you My slave!
Marsha: Yes I'am Your slave, mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Wow, You have make Me happy beyond any thing I ever experienced. You
know I am gettting a orgasm, just to think that I Own now a Slave and her
Daughter as well, Marsha.
Marsha: And, and my daughter belongs to you also now, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Yes she is My Daughter! You will keep Me updated about her every day!
So I can controll how she proceed at school and what she does.
Marsha: Yes she's Your daughter now, mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Thanks My darling Girl Marsha. I also want to know all about her
activities and studies
Marsha: I will tell you all about Your daughter Mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Thanks, you're a Good slave Girl, Marsha.
Marsha: You're welcome.
Mrs.Tif: What is her real name?
Marsha: Elfriede Widdup its her full name, mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Ok I will try to remember it! It is a very complex name, difficult to
remember Marsha.
Marsha: Its an old english name, her aftername Mistress
Mrs.Tif: Ok Marsha and how is she in her studies?
Marsha: We call her Elfi, cos the most cant spell here Elfriede Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Elfi is fine, it's a good Name for My new daughter, Marsha Girl.
Marsha: She isnt bad'at school, but she its a bit leazy....sigh
Mrs.Tif: You now Marsha We will make Our daughter the best Girl in the school
and make her subserviant to Me, just as you be subservant to Me, My Good
Girl!!!.
Marsha: Wwe will...mistress
Mrs.Tif: And now about her Mother...smile.
Marsha: About you?
Mrs.Tif: Well actually about you! Her real Mother. I'am her Stepmother now cos
you're My slave Wife now Marsha!
Mrs.Tif: I am her Step Mother, so it wouldn't be Incest when I will take
her...smile.
Marsha: Oh I see, Mistress...
Mrs.Tif: Can you undress My Girl?lady
Mrs.Tif: ;)
Marsha: Yes I can... have do undo skirt, blouse, panties and bra
Mrs.Tif: Ok go ahead! I want to have a good time with My Girl now.
Marsha: Yes, I get all nude now, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Sure you must get Nude for your Mistress your Owner now Marsha. I want
to punish you!
Marsha: Oh... I know I belong to you, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Yes so get a coth clip! and remove your panties!
Marsha: Yes get one mistress.
Mrs.Tif: How much time will it take?
Marsha: Yes remove my panties. Only a min.
Mrs.Tif: Did you get the clip?
Marsha: I have them now here mistress
Mrs.Tif: Ok now you will put the clip to the lips of your pussy, My Girl and
dont remove it till I come back to chat, Marsha.
Mrs.Tif: And only after I tell you, toi remove then you have Permission to doing
so! Is that clear?.
Marsha: Oh... but, but... yes I do so now mistress... it makes me excited just
when I talk with you.
Mrs.Tif: Bye...
Mrs.Tif: Did you do it?
Marsha: Mistress? when will you back
? Please
Marsha: Done it, mistress...
Mrs.Tif: Will be there tomorrow morning same time, My Girl.
e

Mrs.Tif: Are you there? My Girl.
Marsha: I'm here Mistress... I'm so happy that you here now... g'morning dearest
mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Good morning Girl.
Mrs.Tif: I am very angry with you!
Marsha: Oh way? mistress.
Mrs.Tif: I did't find u the first thing in the morning
Marsha: I looked for you every half hour since 7 this morning...

Marsha: I had a stress ful day yesterday...sigh... gone late into bed and got up
just 6:30 this morning Mistress... Sorry
Mrs.Tif: Well sorry will not do!
Mrs.Tif: Any way, how is My Stepdaughter
Marsha: Elfi its fine Mistress... I'm a bit sad...sigh
Mrs.Tif: Why are you sad? Girl.
Marsha: Elfi doen't goes too school this morning she say's she has a headache...
she's been out yesterday came home at 11 pm...sigh
Mrs.Tif: Does she have a boyfreind or some thing like that?
Marsha: No she just hangs around with her girl-friends... at times I have the
feel they might smoke...sigh
Mrs.Tif: Well let Me handle this, for you!
Mrs.Tif: Give Me some details about her
Marsha: Oh that is kind Mistress...
Mrs.Tif: Do you know her friends?
Marsha: She's '5'5 an inch higher then I'am. She weight about 110 pounds its
athletic, play's soccer, and she listen's more to her older girlfriends then 
Me...
Mrs.Tif: That's all right, a Teenager has to have her peers Marsha Girl.
Marsha: Some off them... they are bitchy types mistress...sigh
Mrs.Tif: Ohh is your daughter also a les? Marsha: she might be... I'm not real
sure...They even laughing at me.. telling I'm wearing to baggy clothes...sigh

Mrs.Tif: What do u mean by bitchy?
Mrs.Tif: Ohh. Do they know her Mother is a lesbian?
Marsha: no I dont think so mistress.

Marsha: They agressive... behaving like boys... using mostly slangwords wearing
jeans having mens styled hairs... theyre not femme like...sigh
Mrs.Tif: Actually these girls are that way only at this age... you see its their
age fault only, Marsha.,
Mrs.Tif: They are at such a delicate age!
Marsha: Could be... but I'm frieghten everything glides out off hands with Elfi.
Mistress...sigh
Mrs.Tif: Dont you worry I am there! My Girl.
Marsha: smile... thank you mistress that you care for me and will for Elfi also.
Mrs.Tif: Is My pleasure My subbie Girl.

Mrs.Tif: Now tell Me about her friends do they come home?
Marsha: At times they come visiting Elfi. Then they go into Elfi's room. I cant
disturb then, or they would be upsett.
Mrs.Tif: I think you will have to spy on her with out her knowledge! Remember
you will absolutely not give out any idea that you are spying on her!.
Marsha: I thought so myself at times Mistress. I did so once...then there was
those agressive one, Vera its her name I think... as I told they might slow down
the music (as an excuse) those Vera just laughed and say'd I should put earplugs
in...sigh... I was so ashamed and ran downstairs.
Mrs.Tif: You should be a bit aggressive at this junction! Be good, kind but dont
take nonsence.
Marsha: I was so angry about them all... but couldn't do nothing... I'm to
weak... sigh
Mrs.Tif: Only if I were there. I would have slapped her on her face! Smirk...
Marsha: Yes that would be the right medicin for those Vera... but she's a big
one... she could overpwer me easy, mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Come on you should fight with psychology, Marsha.
Marsha: Whit psychologie?
Mrs.Tif: Do not make the bullies know that you can be taken for granted! Marsha.
Marsha: Those Vera its allmost 17 now...
Mrs.Tif: Cant you set her up? My poor Girl, Marsha.
Marsha: I'm frieghten no Mistress...sigh
Mrs.Tif: One thing I want from you, you will not take any nonsence!!!.
Marsha: Only I could do and have done... I forbid Elfi to bring her home again.
Mrs.Tif: But does Elfi go often with her? Who is her best friend?
Marsha: Yes she goes with her and the whole gang...
Marsha: I think it is Betsy our next door nieghbors daughter.
Mrs.Tif: One sec.
Mrs.Tif: Please.
Marsha: Ok, Mistress.
Marsha: Betsy its the only other femmenine Girl beside Elfi in that gang... Her
Parents are much stronger then I'am Mistress.I knew them since the half year We
live here now. Betsy'd Mother seems to be 50 maybe 55 I think Shemight be her
Stepmother... She's good looking and I think
Wealty too. She wear's exquisite Gowns who fitting her well, Mistress Tif and
Betsy wears the cutest Gowns among Elfi's friends. Betsy might be 15, perhaps 16
now.

Mrs.Tif: I'am back.
Marsha: Welcome back, Mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Tell Me do u have a real time lover over there? Marsha.

Marsha: No I havent any lover mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Oh, I'am feel so sad you do not have any other Person you can discuss
this with, My Girl. I mean who can stand there physically with you when the
Girls bully you, My Poor Girl Marsha.
Marsha: But, but I have you now...smile.. and I know You care for us both,
Mistress.
Mrs.Tif: Off course I do Marsha but I mean who can stand there physically with
you when the girls bully you, Marsha.
Marsha: Oh I know what U mean... I could ask Betsy's Mother to help me... She's 
well build... She might help me if I ask her mistress Tif.
Mrs.Tif: Dont ask her directly, Marsha but make it known to her, that her
daughter also has such bully type's of friends! Show her that you weak and cant
handle them yourself. I'm sure She then will help you... smile.
Marsha: I will, mistress... She offered me before to help me if I have some
trouble with somethings.
Mrs.Tif: I have a meeting with My boss in the next 5 minutes but I want a deep
discussion with you on how We will tackle this matter My Girl. Why don't you noe
get over to this Nice woman? I suggest you're now go to her, chat with her about
this all, right now Marsha. I will see you then later... bye for now My Girl.
Marsha: Ok... mistress... will see and look for you later! G'bye for now...
Kissssssssssssssssssss
Mrs.Tif: You're so eager to run? Smile.
Marsha: No not eager to run... I like to be with you Mistress... I need you,
really I do. know it deep in me.
Mrs.Tif: I know my dear you need a strong Person who guides you, who'd
protecting you and Elfi. Now go, run to your nice Nieghbor and see if She can
help you, My dear Girl Marsha. And be nice to Her!!!

To be continued




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marsha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





