BDSM Library - The BDSM Convention And Cook Out




The BDSM Convention And Cook Out
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: We have been awarded the contract to host the Annual National BDSM Convention hrer at the Farm. We are in the process of getting all the Human Cattle and equipmemt ready for the Clubs weel long orge of sex, extreme torture, snuff and Live Roasting of several hundred Human Cattle.
PLEASE READ:This story is only FICTION. It is only FICTION it is not real. This
story is the product of my sick mind. Do read this story and think it gives you
a license hurt any living thing ,it does not.Do not read my story and try to
blame any despicable act you may commit on me. Take responsibly for your own
actions.If you can not understand this then stop reading and GO AWAY.




THE BDSM CONVENTION AND COOK OUT:


Chapter One.


THE BIG ROUND UP:


The farm is doing very well,we have grown quite a lot in the last several
years.This now allows us to take on larger jobs and that is what this early
breakfast meeting is all about.

I have the heads of all the Farm Operations and all the farm hands not on duty
gathered here in the farm Mess Hall.Today we start the enormous task of pulling
together all the elements or the largest job we have ever undertaken.The
National BDSM Club Convention And Cook Out.

We have been contracted to host the Clubs Annual Convention which is a week long
event to be held here at the Farm's Camp Grounds and our Large Party Hall.This
is a great help having it here on the Farm as it makes transportation of the
massive amount of food and equipment much easer.


Just the food alone to feed the 500 to 600 members expected to attend this years
Convention is staggering.We have had to purchase over 600 extra head of human
livestock to fill this need.Susie and Cathy my cattle buyers have been busy the
last six months making all the Government Cattle Auctions as this is where the
best buys are.Ninty percent of all the Human Cattle sold at these government
sponsored auctions are from the Over Population Food Plan Lottery.There are also
a number of criminals converted to Human Cattle Status under the Two Strikes You
Are Out Law also sold at these auctions.Security of the Two Strike cattle is no
problem as with all Human Cattle restrained by there hands and feet at all
times.All cattle transported to the Farm are blindfolded and strapped to the
sides of the transport trailers.


Upon arrival all cows are processed through our make ready program.This is a
multi step program which starts with a medical exam and given their injection to
permanently block their speech cords.Then on to body hair removal except head
hair which we deal with in different ways at the time of their slaughter.All
cows are given a page boy style hair cut during processing.( This is done not
only for health and cleanliness but also for beauty as many will become Live
Roasters and no one wants to cook a bald cow.)The cows are then ringed and
tagged.Each cow receives a small silver ring in each nipple ,one in each pussy
lip and one in her clit,these are not only for visual effect but also for
control.An unruly cow is very easy to control with chains hooked to her breast
and pussy rings.Next she has her right ear lobe pierced and tagged with a silver
ring and ear tag with her stock number.Then it is on to the shower and wash out
where she is washed inside and out in a process much like a automatic car wash
hanging from a spreader bar by her wrists on a automated assembly line.Then they
are moved to the large holding pens to await grading and culling and assigned to
the varies farm programs.


All the new arrival bulls are processed in the same way with a few
exceptions.These being they are fitted with a one inch ring in there nose and
ball sac.A metal ring is fastened around the base of his cock and ball sac,both
rings have a small micro chip inside them which is operated by a remote
control.These rings still allow the bull to reach a full erection and
ejectalation when we require him to.Activation of the remote control sends jolt
of electricity into the bulls cock and balls,this electro shock can be increased
the longer the remote button is depressed.The strength of this shock is
sufficient to bring ever the larges bull to his knees screaming in pain.This
allows even the smallest of my girls to control the largest unrulely bulls with
ease


We will need 250 head of Roasters,Bakers and Boilers plus another 125 head for
things such as roasts ,hams ,ground meat and sausage.For this meat we will use
canner and cutters which is good meat these human cattle are not the young good
looking stock needed for cooking on the pits at the Camp Grounds.Although the
canners and cutters will help provide a large number of Specialty cuts such
Breasts,Pussies and Cocks and Balls.All these cows and bulls will be slaughter
and processed in our meat market,and since we knew we would need a large number
of these items we have been slaughtering a number of our farm stock in advance
and running Specials on the extra meat in our Meat Market.


In addition to the livestock needed to feed all the Members on a daily basis we
also need another 100 head of beautiful young Human Livestock ( 100 Cows and 25
Bulls) for the Live Spitting,Live Baking ,Live Boiling and Live Roasting.These
cows will be live Cooked on a daily basis over the seven days of the
Convention.Another 125 head of mixed cows and bulls will be used by the Club
Members through out the week in their extreme sexual torture and snuff
games.This required the purchase of 30 extra young viral bulls to meet the Clubs
requirements. Since the president of the Club is a female and the majority of
the Club Members are females they want to make sure they have plenty of young
hard dick bulls to work on.


In my meeting with Julie Johnson the club's president to set this thing up I was
very impressed with her. She is a beautiful 25 year old dominant woman with long
silky black hair and a mouth watering body. Just looking at this ravishing
beauty almost made me want to let her have a go at me but I know the fate of her
victims, it was only a fleeting thought. I think I would much rather have her
naked and restrained to the table and the Special Punishment Room and work her
over, now that is a dick hardening thought. I can hardly wait until the week of
the convention to get a closer look at her fabulous body and may even a chance
to slip my hard cock in her fine little ass.YUM YUM


To meet some of the Clubs other Special requirements we had the cattle shipped
to the farm two months ago.During this time we have had them on a special
formula to slick them up and produce better tasting and tender meat.We also
needed this time to milk the bulls a number of times each day to produce the
amount of Bull Cum required for the Specialty Dishes requested by the female
Club Members.The bull milking is done with a Special Bull Milking machine. The
bull is strapped to a special Milking Tee, this is simply an up right cross set
in concrete. The bulls arms are strapped to the board which forms the tee of the
cross, his ankles are a spread and restrained to eyebolts set in the concrete.A
special Milking unit is then strapped around his waist and thighs with the
Velcro straps. This unit is equipped with a clear plastic vacuum Cock Cover
which also has a built in vibrator. Then a 7 in. vibrating anal dildo with
Electro Shock is inserted in his ass, this is used not only to stimulate the
bull to give more milk but to deliver a mild shock to help increase his cum
output. When the units sensors indicate he is not achieving a full erection for
his milking time the dildo delivers a mild shock until he reaches a full
erection. Although this may sound like a very enjoyable way to spend the day, as
the saying goes.Be careful what you wish for you may get it.This operation is
very rough on the bulls so we limit their time to eight hours a day and five
milkings a day. Although the milking are done by the machine I must keep a close
watch on my girls as they like to slip down to the bull milking barn and to do a
little hand and mouth milking, this would be OK but the little wenches want to
swallow all the cum.


Some time back I was contacted by one of the large Manufacturers who produces
much of the equipment we use on the farm and have they asked us to try out a new
piece of equipment they have just developed. After talking with the companies
engineer I got a little excited as I realized this might be the solution to an
idea of mine, this could mean a new product that we could produce here at the
farm. A product I feel there is a real market for and we would be the first one
to market it. We held a contest at the farm to come up with a name for the new
product and the winner was Essence of Female which I think is a very appropriate
name as that is what the product is. Female Pussy Juice. We have been testing
the equipment on the large herd of human cows here on the farm and the results
are a very promising, so much so I have already ordered  and received the
bottles to market it in.As this is not a product produced in large quantities we
will Market it in very small bottles much like perfume   bottles.


The process of extracting the female secretion from the human cows is not an
easy process but the new equipment is doing a very good job.The young cow is
restrained on a T Cross like the ones used for the Bull Milking and the
extraction unit is attached to her in the same way as the bulls milking
unit.Attached to the unit are a 6 inch anal dildo and a 8 inch vaginal dildo
,both dildos are controlled by a small, on board computer which adjust the depth
and speed of their stroke and automatically adjusts the intensity of their
vibration.The unit has a set of breast suction cups with built in nipple clips
which deliver a mild erotic stimulating shock to her nipples to enhance her
orgasm. Enhancing the cows orgasm is important as this tends to produce more
female secretion. The gentle pulsing sucking action of the breast cups and mild
erotic nipple shock coupled with the dildo action are designed to produce
extremely wet orgasms. A sensor inside the vaginal dildo senses her orgasm and
starts a mild vacuum inside and pulls the female secretion through tiny holes in
its side and down in to a class recovery jar. The units onboard computer can be
programmed to bring the cow to orgasm any number of times we wish over a 24 hour
period. As this is very stressful and tiring to the cow we program the unit to
only bring the cow to a climax six times over at 8 hour period. As some cows
produce much heavier Vaginal secretions than others we will keep the best
producers until they wear out and are replaced with younger stock. When these
human cows wear out they will either be sent to our slaughter house or used for
live roasting. The final disposition of these cows is determined by their
condition after months on the Pussy juice extractor machine.


We have decided that the upcoming BDSM Convention is a perfect to test our new
Essence of Female pussy juice.This should give us a good idea of how it appeals
to both males and females. I think it will appeal to most males and to most of
the females in the club as the majority of them are bi. This will give us a good
market sampling combined with sales our own meat market as well as those in the
surrounding area which we supply meat to.


Today's meeting is to discuss the logistics of not only moving the food supplies
and the live cattle to the Camp Ground as needed but the immediate task of
setting up all the extra cooking faculty's as we do not have enough permanent
cooking pits in place.We will need to set up many more pits plus a number of
Live Roasters,Live Baking ovens , Live Boiling Pots ,and Live Deep Fryers along
with other varies cooking equipment.


After we have worked out these things we come to the matter of setting up all
the varied Torture Equipment that is required.Although we have some of this
equipment already permanently on site we will need much more.We will have to set
up all the newly arrived shipment of Special Equipment to meet the Clubs
requests.


Now that we have worked out these details we need to get things started as the
convention will be starting in 10 days and we have a lot of work to do. After
the meeting breaks up I had asked Alice my foreman and her assistant Lisa to
stay behind as we have several things to discuss about of their ideas for some
additional Torture equipment. I also want a chance to let them know I want them
in he Special Discipline Room tonight at 7:00 and that I want three of my girls
Becky,Ashley and Joanie restrained to the piece of torture equipment of their
choice.Both girls looked at me with a big smile on their faces and Lisa turned
to Alice and said OH BOY party time tonight.



The rest of my day is spent checking up on all the projects under way around the
farm. Spending most of the time at the camp grounds where my crews are very
busy.All the farms construction equipment is being used to clear and level areas
and to dig the many holes needed .When this is done the Farms carpenter crew can
move in and over the next week build all the wooden horses.upright
croses,hanging gallows and wooden decks.Many decks will be needed for such
things as impalement spikes,dunking pools,Special Breast BBQ grills and a number
of other torture and snuff devices.The carpenters will use up the tractor
trailer load of lumber on the site over the next week.


The day is over and time to head over to meet my girls,I can hardly wait to see
how Alice and Lisa have the three girls fixed up. I can always count on those
two girls to come up with the wildest things. And of course the other three
girls will not be out done when it is their turn to fix Alice and Lisa up for
their turn to the disciplined.


As I arrive I am not surprised to see Becky restrained on the Special Stool.This
is a device built in our own carpenter shop.It is just a four leg stool with the
Turn Table from an old Live Roaster mounted on it's seat with the motor mounted
under the stool.The turn table still has the 13 inch by 2 inch blunt end metal
spit rod attached to its center and standing straight up.


Becky looks so sexy with her elbows tied tightly behind causing her inviting
firm 34B breasts to stick out ever further ,and even more so as the girls have
them bound tightly with small ropes around their base.Becky looked so cute
wither ankles tied to her upper thighs turning slowly with the 13 inch skewer up
her ass.She is restrained down on the turn table by several small stiff little
springs attached to her pussy spreader.Her pussy spreader is a heavy oval wire
ring 6 inches long and 4 inches across,her pussy is spread wide open with six
little metal tooth clips.Four little clips are attached to her pussy lips and
two on top to her protruding clit this spreads her wide open for the large 8
inch metal Electro Shock vibrating dildo.Her dildo is held deep inside her by a
round  recess near the outer end much like a butt plug ,this allows access to
her inner pussy lips to apply more torture.She has been left ungagged and her
breasts bare except for the binding ropes.This has been done to hear her screams
as her bound breasts are whipped. I can see the excitement in Becky'eyes as she
slowly turns her steel spit and moans with excitement.


Ashley is hang upside down about three feet off the floor with her ankles
strapped to a four foot spreader bar hanging from the ceiling. Her wrists are
tied behind her and her smooth hairless pussy is spread wide open and a large
butt plug in her ass which will be removed to whip her pussy and ass hole.
Hanging above the floor with a two inch O ring gag in her mouth she is at just
the right height for me to fuck her mouth and make the little lead weights
clipped to her nipples jerk up and down with my dick going into and out of her
mouth while she has her pussy and ass hole whipped.


Joanie is restrained on her back to a small short leg table with her hips
resting on 4 inch raised bostrom which elevates her butt up off the table.Her
legs are strapped to a set of stirrups like those on a medical exam table.Her
legs are raised and spread wide open making her pussy and ass hole available for
all kinds of sexy discipline and torture.Her arms are restrained down to the
table and her head is strapped to a small adjustable head board.The head board
is 4 inches wide and 12 inches long and can be adjusted to lay flat or with her
head down to the side of the table.These adjustments allow her mouth to be used
by a female sitting on her face or hung over the side for me to fuck her open
mouth.Her little hard nipples have two small metal toothed clips with small
electrical contacts on their ends attached to them.Her breasts are covered with
two clear glass breast covers which taper down to a 6 inch long by 2 inch wide
bottle on the ends.The bottle end of the breast covers have a Electro Shock
connection in the ends.When the remote controlled vacuum pump is engaged it
sucks her breast up into the bottle end where her nipple clips touch the
electric contact she gets a good jolt of electricity to her nipples.I must be
very careful when fucking her that the two girls don't start the vacuum pump and
get a jolt in my hard cock.I plan to turn the tables on them tonight and zap
their pussies while they ride her face.HA HA


Both Alice and Lisa stand looking at me with a big grin on their faces,proud of
their handywork.As I stand looking at all the exciting choices I ask.Who is
first.All three moaning girls try to scream me first,except Ashley who just
screams through her O ring gag.I make my choice and announce it is Ashley
because we don't want her hanging upside down to long.Hearing this she screams
in delight.


As Alice and Lisa start stripping their clothes off I remove mine also then I
instruct Alice to get out the little pussy whip.This is a leather whip about 15
inches long with 6 thin split leather lashes about 8 inches long.Each of the
leather lashes has multiple small knots tied along their length and a knot at
the end of each.This little whip is not intended to maim or severally injure but
only a great deal of erotic pain to the victims tender areas.Although it is
called a Pussy Whip it is also used to whip a females breast and ass hole,it is
also used to whip males cock and balls.Used properly this little whip can cause
excruciating pain.


While Alice is getting the whip I move over to Ashley who immediately tries to
swing her gagged mouth up to my hard cock.I accommodate her and grasp her head
with both my hands and slip my hard cock into her warm wet eager mouth. The
eager little wench it immediately sucked me all the way down her throat. Still
grasping her head with both hands I have struggled to pull out of her sucking
mouth leaving just the head of my cock against her O Ring gag. This did not stop
her as she continued trying to suck me back in her mouth while licking the head
of my cock with her tongue.


 While waiting for Alice to get in position I watch Lisa with a pussy whip in
her hand as she approaches Joanie who is still restrained on her table. She
moves over between Joanie's wide spread legs.Lisa grasps her clit between her
thumb and forefinger and tells moaning girl while massaging her hard clit.I am
warming you up you little cunt licking wench because I am going to sit on your
face and whip your pussy.This brings a squeal of delight as she begs Alice. OH
MY GOD YES WHIP ME.WHIP MY PUSSY! Releasing her fingers from Joanie's clit she
moves to a round to the restrained girls head.She adjusts Joanie's head board
out straight ,them she straddles her facing her body, and as she lowers her
pussy on to Joanie's open mouth and waiting tongue, she tells the still moaning
girl.Do a good job and I will fuck your ass with a strap on,this brings another
squeal of delight from the bound girl.

removed.I tell Alice to begin as I insert my hard cock back into Ashley's warm
wet waiting mouth.Just as I feel her suck my cock in I hear the whistle of a
whip in the air,the sound of leather striking soft wet flesh and a sharp muffled
scream from Joanie's pussy filled mouth.At that same instant I see Alice's
little whip slash into the junction of Ashley's wide spread legs.

END CHAPTER ONE:     More to come in Chapter Two.

By PICK UP MAN

RRolingthunder@aol.com  rolingthunder60@yahoo.com

If you like my story e mail me.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Pick Up Man


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





