BDSM Library - The Dream




The Dream
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young woman who has to deal with a freind of her older brother after being caught "acting up" at a nightclub.
The Dream

He stepped out to dash across the street, yanking at my wrist, pulling me after
him it seemed as a recalcitrant child. It seemed one long jump to where I
stumbled on the far curb and I scrambled to keep my feet under me as we flew
down the sidewalk past pedestrians and old parked cars. Some of which looked
abandoned if I could have slowed down enough to check.

It seemed as though hours passed this way, miles slipped under our feet. But the
sky never hinted at dawn, it was still midnight black. Had we passed through
some time warp then? Or had time stopped for us? Certainly none of the people we
passed even seemed to notice us. How many nights had I dreamed of just once
being able to hold back the morning till I had sated myself on the night.  Was
this a dream or a nightmare?

His yanking of me across intersections, pulling me down back streets and alleys
was really pissing me off but couldn't catch my breath long enough to bitch at
him. He held my wrist tight enough to direct my movements but it didn't really
hurt. Several times I tried jerking my hand away and pushing at his hand with my
free one but found that was like trying to yank off a steel cuff. His head would
whip round as we ran and those dark brows would swoop together over that
aquiline nose in a frown then he'd tighten his grip to the point I could feel
the bones rubbing together. .Okay, what is his problem?

A short pause at an unmarked alley and I doubled over trying to catch my breath,
gasping between coughing fits. He looked up as though to chart our location from
the streetlamps then I felt his gaze burning my exposed skin and the nape of my
neck. He switched his grip to my hand and we crept down the alley, brushing
against slime encrusted walls, stepping over malodorous puddles and avoiding the
piles of unidentifiable garbage. .I say we crept but did it just seem that way
after that mad dash across the city?

At the end of this stinking alley he made as though to yank me again. As I felt
the pull I lengthened my stride so as to make the leap. Before I landed he had
turned and caught me up to his chest. The thought that it was like hitting a
velvet covered granite wall flew through my brain.
...Have you ever danced? he asked in a lazy, soft voice.


There we stood on that quiet sidewalk at the opening to yet another alley. With
our faces scant inches away from one another phosphorous glow from the
streetlamp just steps away. He held me easily with one hand across my back under
my shoulder blades, my feet several inches off the ground. As I hung there the
other hand came up and with forefinger and his thumb gently held my chin so I
could focus on nothing but his eyes. His thumb caressed my lips ever so softly.
.Danced? I thought madly...danced? I half-remembered the embarrassment of high
school. I remembered never being asked to dance, never part of the .in. crowd.
The lonely nights spent sitting in bars feeling somehow ...different.... I
closed my eyes, wanting to deny the memory.

As though I had actually spoken the words aloud I felt him nod at me. Still
holding me he stepped several feet into the opening of this new alley. His eyes
seemed to deepen and his lips softened to an almost smile, nodding to himself
once he set me away from him. I guess he thought me about to run because he put
a restraining hand on my shoulder. I shrugged his hand off and reached into my
jacket pocket for a cigarette. I was just about to light it when he reached out
and plucked the cigarette from my lips and snapping it in half he flung it away.

That was just too much! This night had become intolerable and the smug look he
wore was making me crazy. Fury blossomed and I felt my throat get tight as tears
welled up. I looked up at him and I think I growled as I went to scratch at his
face cursing him under my breath. He easily caught both my hands in one of his
and holding them above my head forced me to look up at him again. This time the
fingers holding my chin bit cruelly into my soft skin.
...Poor baby... is this so difficult for you then? he purred at me.

My head jerked back and I snapped at him sinking my teeth into his thumb.
Forcing my jaws open with his fingers he put his thumb to his own lips and
kissed it. It should have been a ridiculous gesture but somehow it seemed
menacing. I jerked one hand free and slapped him as hard as I could across the
face. As I tried to pull my other hand free his brows closed tightly in a frown
and his eyes hardened his grip on my wrist like a vise. I felt a rush of fear
and tried to back away from the intensity of that glare. I felt a flash of what
could almost be termed regret for my hasty actions. He dropped my hand and
pulled me to him almost before I could blink. Again I was held above the ground
our faces level. His eyes were hard and glittering in the dim light of the far
away street lamp. Just as the thought to kick him or drive my knee up started
his left hand caught in my hair and pulled me to him in a punishing kiss. His
lips slashed across mine, I felt his tongue probe my mouth as my lips parted at
the barely restrained anger I felt emanating from him.

Frightened at the ferocity of his kiss I struggled to turn my head away, to push
at him. I had to get free! I was felt trapped as though with a wild beast. I
felt a knot in my chest. Fear reared its ugly head. Terrified now, I tried to
scream. I clawed at his face. He took no notice of my struggles; he savaged my
mouth while the arm across my back tightened to a steel bar, cutting off my
breath. The hand in my hair gripped tighter, further drawing me in. I felt him
swallow and for a moment thought he'd swallowed me whole. I felt like Jonah,
forsaken in the belly of the whale... I recognized the metallic taste of my
blood from where his teeth had pierced my lip. At that taste I felt that knot
inside my chest let go. Then my tears started in earnest.

A heat spread out from my core and I began sobbing into his kiss. I no longer
struggled, my hands rested on his shoulders not pushing any more, just
accepting. I was his, to do with me as he would. As soon as I stopped fighting
him the embrace gentled. The kiss no longer a wild beast trying bent on
devouring me but a soft, warm haven. Tears streaming down my cheek to mix with
the blood where he had bitten through my lips gently kissed away. My sobbing was
uncontrolled now, heartbroken hiccoughs and more tears than I had shed in a
lifetime.

After awhile I became aware of my surroundings and looked out from under my tear
swollen lids to find that we were sitting on a dirty doorstep in that filthy
alley. The late night noises of the city seemed softened in our little alcove.
He had leaned back against the doorjamb with me sprawled across his lap, with my
shirt unbuttoned to the navel exposing my pale skin to the soft kiss of the
night. He was holding me in his arms gently yet firmly, rocking me and stroking
me with his free hand. My arms had found their way around his neck and his shirt
was sheer from where my tears had soaked it.

...Shh, baby, shh... It's alright now.... he crooned to me under his breath.
Still in shock I looked up at his face to find his eyes warm now and looking
down into my eyes with a quiet hunger. It seemed he saw right through me, knew
every secret, every shame I had ever felt. He saw it and took it into himself to
make it his own. Almost as though he had been looking for something and found it
now in my eyes. My breath caught in my throat and I desperately tried sort out
this strange feeling.

Lying back in his embrace, body still trembling from the aftereffects of
adrenaline and the catharsis of the tears I closed my eyes to try to hide. He
kissed me again, this one of unchecked passion and I felt my traitorous body
responding to his unspoken question. His hands slid over my body, to cup my full
breasts and tease one taut nipple, over my jeans to rest on the heat between my
thighs. I felt my hips rise to meet his touch and a low moan came from my
throat. He gentled me with quiet words spoken under his breath, the tone and
caresses more important than the words.

Suddenly, realized the enormity of what I had done hit me. Never had I felt so
vulnerable. White hot embarrassment shot through me and I tried to pull away, to
get loose of his embrace. Who the hell did he think he was anyway? Where does he
get off kissing me like that? Sputtering like a wet cat I fought to free myself
and put some distance both mental and physical between us. The blush started to
burn its way up my throat and face like a flame as I clutched my shirt closed.

After a momentary tightening of his arms he let me scramble away to the other
side of the alley. I scooted across the rough ground on my hands and knees
tearing a long rip in one knee of my jeans and scraping the skin beneath. I sat
with my back pressed tightly against the wall huddled opposite him with my arms
wrapped around my knees as though to deny him the sight of my body. My frantic
glance to each side seemed to amuse him as he turned himself slightly towards me
drawing one long leg up and draping his laced fingers around his upright knee.
His teeth gleaming brightly even in the dim light.

Pride gamely tried to reassert itself and defiantly I yanked my cigarettes out
of my jacket and shakily lit another one. My breath caught as I took a deep drag
and flicked my hair back behind my shoulders. I stared at him angrily daring him
to say or do anything. I tried to hide the shaking of my hands by tucking my
elbows in tight to my body. I wanted to rail at him. Call him every nasty thing
I could think of but I found myself unable to. My vocal chords seemed locked.
His smile faded. I wanted to disappear. I sure as hell never wanted to see him
again. I would have given anything at that moment to blink and find myself alone
in this dim alley to put the pieces of myself back in some semblance of order. I
tried buttoning my shirt just so I wouldn't have to see him staring at me, to
shut him out at least for a moment. More tears sprang to my eyes making it
difficult to see. Would I never stop crying?

When I finally had got all the buttons done I looked up to see him standing
right in front of me, his hand out as if to help me up. I hadn't even heard him
move. I crossed me free hand across my belly and turned my head away. Sighing he
reached down to grasp my wrist and pull me to my feet, back still braced against
the wall. Cupping my chin with his hand he turned me to face him.
...Come on baby, you've already given in to me, why continue to fight? Haven't
you figured it out yet? You're mine now... he whispered as he kissed my cheek.

My entire being screamed at me to run, instead I looked into his face, trying to
stare him down. The look I gave him made him smile lopsidedly and he took me
gently into his arms and kissed me again. Now I'd heard people talk about
melting at a kiss, but I never figured it would happen to me and yet that's just
what it felt like. Heat flooded through my belly and left my legs trembling. I
had dropped my cigarette and was clutching at him as though I were drowning.
...Now do you understand? he asked as he leaned back to watch the play of
emotions across my face. Blushing furiously I looked down at the space between
us unseeingly and nodded my head. Yes? Was I nuts? Why did I get myself into?

Stepping away from me he went back to sit on that filthy doorstep as though it
were a throne.
...Alright baby, we can do this the easy way or the hard way...which will it be?
I'm sure my eyes were like saucers as I raised my head and stared at him. My
mouth opened and shut a few times trying to get out the question racing through
my mind. Do what? What easy? What hard way?

...The easy way is for you to take off your jeans and panties right here, right
now, and give them to me. Afterwards I will take you home... he said in a
pleasant voice.

...The hard way is if I have to make you give them to me, then the trip home
won't be nearly as pleasant... came out harshly enough that I jumped.

...What do you mean? I stuttered.

...I mean what I said baby... Take them off now, I will even let you keep your
belt so that you can belt it over your shirt to look like a dress... His voice
was pleasant again, the absolute pinnacle of reasonableness.

...Why? I asked, laughing nervously, stalling for time and frantically looking
around for a way to escape.

At my hesitation he stood up and began counting as he walked over. ...Because I
said so...one...two....

.Ok! Ok! I'll do it. I was almost crying again. (I'm a regular Niagara Falls
tonight)

My fingers clumsily found my belt buckle and the button on my fly. The zipper
seemed to be fighting me but at his huff of impatience it flew to the bottom. I
stopped to pull off my cowboy boots and let my jeans slide down to puddle at my
stocking feet. I stood there then, unable to go any further.

...Look at me baby... his voice soft and gentle.

When I looked up at him he stepped close to me and knelt down on one knee,
taking my panties down with him. I leaned one hand on his shoulder as I stepped
out of them one foot at a time and obediently held out my foot for him as he
slid my boots back on for me. Sliding the belt out of the loops he put it around
my waist and cinched in my shirt. I felt like a doll being dressed, my shirt
hung halfway to my knees and the silver buckle shimmered.

...Say my name, baby... he asked while still looking up from his kneeling
position. I looked down at him and another furious blush crept up my face.
...Michael... I whispered closing my eyes.
Standing up he put my panties in his jacket pocket and hung my jeans over his
arm.
...No baby... he said, my eyes flew open at his tone to find him towering over
me adjusting the drape of cloth over his arm. The look he gave me had my heart
leaping in my chest.
...Michael, Sir?... I managed to get out.
He smiled and hugged me as though I were a pet and had done a remarkably
difficult trick.

...Good girl, now come here so we can get this over with and get you home... he
said taking my hand and leading me back to the doorstep where this all began. At
this I dug in my heels and pulled back.
...Get what over with?... I had found my voice after all. ...Michael, what are
you talking about?...

...Your punishment of course, you've earned it tonight ... he said pulling me
over to the step as he sat down. His fingers locked tightly, painfully around my
wrist. Standing there in my boots, shirt and jean jacket I felt suddenly naked.
I had a pretty good idea of what he had in mind and there was no way I was going
there! He chuckled as the dawning of comprehension crossed my features.
...Being punished? For what?... I asked, so surprised it didn't occur to me to
protest.

...Yes baby, punished. Now over you go... and with that I found myself over his
lap with my legs spread wide, one of his long legs locked over mine and both my
hands held firmly behind my back. It took a moment for me to even struggle and
by that time it was too late. His free hand slid up the back of my thighs
lifting my shirt to tuck it into my belt, exposing my already tensing haunches
to his questing fingers and eyes. He dipped his fingers between my thighs and
delicately probed, his fingers finding the wetness there and sliding easily into
me. I squirmed trying to dislodge his hand but was unable to move.
...If you wish to scream I will gag you with your already soaked panties. Do you
want that?... He asked in that same reasonable tone, as though he were asking if
I liked cream in my coffee. At my silence he continued on....
...Now as for why you are being punished, I think you already know but if you
insist I will list the reasons for you. 1. for acting the little slut at the
club. 2. for flashing that creep who grabbed you coming out of the bathroom. 3.
for arguing with me when I told you to behave.  4. Let's also add putting
yourself in a dangerous predicament going outside to smoke a joint. Did you
think I didn't see you? 5. for making me have to drag you halfway across the
city to escape your would-be Romeo and his friends. 6. for trying to scratch me.
7. for biting me. 8. for slapping me and not answering me immediately. Hmm,
that's 9 as well. 10. for trying to hide yourself from me. 11 and 12 would be
you arguing with me and making me have to undress you after all.13. being you
trying to squirm away from my fingers. If you like I'll round it up to 15? I
heard the smile in his voice and shuddered.

...Are you ready baby? He purred, again sliding his fingers in and out rocking
me over his knee. I felt him withdraw and the rush of air preceding his hand.
Oh, it hurt! It felt as though the back of my thighs were on fire and just when
I thought I would scream with the pain of it he slipped his fingers between my
thighs again and rubbed and probed until I felt a different heat. How long he
alternated I don't know. I know I did begin crying again, begging him to stop.
Trying to free my hands to cover myself, at that point he took my panties out of
his jacket pocket and put them in my mouth. When I tried to spit them out he
smacked hard on the sweet spot just where the thighs meet the buttocks. One
small yelp escaped before the tears spilled down my cheeks and I opened my mouth
to accept the panties and was overwhelmed by the taste and aroma of my own
arousal.

After a time he shifted me slightly so his leg was no longer locked over mine
but nudging my feet further apart and holding them that way, he let go of my
hands and while he kept spanking me the angle had changed and his free hand now
plunged between my spread thighs to pinch and rub my clitoris. Two long, elegant
fingers plumbed my depths. I know I cried out as I climaxed to that mix of
pleasure and pain but the sound was well muffled.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kelly W.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





