BDSM Library - My Name Is On Bathroom Stalls




My Name Is On Bathroom Stalls
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Very XXX rated poem detailing a sluts desire to serve men in every disgusting way.
My Name Is On Bathroom Stalls


          FINDING MY MASTER
I was nervous and anxious as I entered his den,
I didn't know when I'd see daylight again.
The hard cement floor was cold on my feet,
Would he be gentle, would he be discrete.
My body it ached for pain oh so sweet.
I staggered my knees, so feeble and weak?
The chill in the basement encompassed my flesh,
I wanted a robe or some form of dress.
Mozart's music from a speaker somewhere,
I wanted to look, but I didn't dare.
Whips and chains they hung on the wall,
Treading slowly I feared I would fall.
A table was there with straps hanging down,
I attempted a smile, God don't let me frown!
I had begged to become his sexual slave,
Of being held captive this Master's cave.
In an S and M tabloid I found his name,
Now we would meet and I'd know his pain.
I ached to submit to his cruel will,
My desire for pain I knew he would fill!
To submit to a man, to submit to the pain,
As he tortures my flesh with hard wooden cane!
To be taken to the brink of terror and fright,
To be left all alone through the long cold night.
To submit to a stranger who don't give a shit
Who considers my life not worth his spit!
A disciple of Masoch, yes that is I,
I needed to scream, I needed to cry!
I need to submit to a cruel man's whip,
Submit to a Master who won't tolerate lip.
I can be bitchy, a smart ass young slut,
I need to be punished and whipped on my butt!
He stepped from the shadows, his cock so erect,
I knew from his grimace, I'd get no respect.
His beautiful cock was dripping pre cum,
So creamy and white, I hungered for some.
To worship that cock so hard and alert,
 Into my mouth I prayed it would spurt!
An older man, so sweaty and lean,
I could tell in his face this man was mean!
His chest and stomach with hair oh so gray,
This was the master for whom I did pray!
His head was shaved reflecting the light,
My pussy leaked in excitement and fright!
I wanted to run, I wanted to hide,
But desire pulled close to his side!
I fell to my knees a tear in my eye,
As his meat met my lips, I started to cry.
So happy I was to taste of his dick,
I savored the taste of my very first lick.
I took him in as any slave would,
I wanted to please, to be oh so good.
To service this man who spoke not a word,
I felt like slut, a bitch so absurd.
The stench of his groin was wretched and sour,
I knew he hadn't bathed for many an hour.
Reaching around to the back of his thighs,
I pulled him closer enjoying his sighs.
A fistful of hair he took in his hand,
I felt the pain, the pain oh so grand!
My Master would soon give me his load,
Into my mouth his cock would explode!
His hips pushed hard slamming into my face,
Here I belonged, I tried to keep pace!
He moaned a loud groan as he fucked my face
Oh yes, thank you God, I'm in the right place!
He slapped at my face and pulled on my hair,
As his milky white cum shot into the air!
He called me a "slut", and "cocksucking whore",
I swallowed and licked while at me he swore!
When he was empty his knee kicked my chest,
Then with his foot he kicked at my breasts.
In a fetal position I curled on the floor,
Yes this was the Master I been searching for!

Towering above he then grabbed my hair
He pulled me up, for me gave no care.
He slapped my face again and again,
He said I would pay for all of my sin.
The taste of my blood covered my tongue,
He old and strong I weak and young!
Like my father beat me when I was a brat,
Oh how I had ached for a beating like that!
I remembered my father there in my bed,
I sucked his cock yes I gave Dad head.
My master was like my dear old sweet dad,
My father would beat me whenever 'twas bad!
Grabbing my throat to me he did curse,
Promising me things will get even worse.
"I'm sorry!" I said, not knowing what for,
His fist in my gut he called me a whore!
Again he did hit me, this time in the tit,
It hurt me so bad I felt myself shit!
The stench of my bowels seeped through the air,
Master kept hitting me, he didn't care!
My throat he squeezed I couldn't catch breath,
At my Masters hands would I meet my death?
As he squeezed my throat my body did spasm
I felt a rush, my God an orgasm!
I offered a smile a "thank you" I said,
A smiling reply; "Why? Your not yet dead!"
His mouth met mine tongue deep inside,
I took his passion feeling sickness inside.
Biting my tongue he caused me to scream,
He wouldn't let go, Oh God he's so mean!
A guttural sound was all he'd emit,
My mouth now was filled with vomit and spit!
He called me a bitch and wished would die,
His rock hard fist slammed into my eye!
Again now his fists slammed into my womb
I knew this dark place would end up my tomb.
Harder his fists slammed into my skin,
My pleas and my screams meant nothing to him!
The sweet pains I sought were fantasy fare,
They're not with this Master he doesn't care!
Thou we just met he made it so clear,
His hate for me was really sincere!
For being a woman I had much to dread,
He'd not be happy until I was dead!
Pain can be beautiful, its' ecstasy bright
But here in this hell my soul filled with fright!
Beating my face he spoke obscene prose,
I felt bones break as his fist caught my nose!
A knee in my groin I fell to the floor,
He stood up above and pissed on this whore!
His hot yellow urine it splashed on my face,
I was his slut, a total disgrace!
A woman appeared, maybe his wife,
In her left hand a long butcher knife!
He lifted me up and on the table I laid,
Readying me for this sadistic maid.
Tightening the straps that hung on this bench,
Seeking approval from this dominant wench.
My neck, my wrists, my stomach and thighs,
Were all strapped down 'mid his lustful sighs.
My calves and ankles we last to be tied,
Then it was time to give me to his bride!
Through my swollen eyes 'twas easy to tell,
This beautiful bitch came straight from hell!
She was so pretty, with long auburn hair,
Freckles dotted her skin so white and so fair.
He eyes were green, her breasts full and sweet,
Compared to her, I was just meat!
She was quite tall with body so slim,
Yes she was taller, taller than him!

Her hand was like lighting as knife cut his chin
For pissing on me she was so pissed at him!
She chided him severely for bruising my skin,
Her anger was directed solely at him!
Grabbing his cock she brandished her knife
I knew like me he now feared for his life!
He begged her for mercy the blade on his skin
Yes she had the power it sure wasn't him!
The old stud was crying like some little boy,
The son-of-a-bitch was only her little toy!

"Cut him!" I screamed "Cut him real good!"
Then with a flash she cut where he stood!
For a moment he froze he looked oh so dumb
She held up his cock 'tween finger and thumb!
Blood spurted from his groin to my feet
I must admit I was feeling so sweet!
"Die Motherfucker!" I heard myself swear,
The woman smiled, she didn't care!
Emitting a groan he fell to the floor,
He was the slave 'twas his mistress whore!

"He'll soon be dead!" she said with a smile,
"Let's set you free, at least for a while.
There'll come a time when your skin will burn,
I'll teach the lessons that you want to learn!
I promise you'll suffer just as you desire,
Cause making you hurt will set me afire!
You're a beautiful girl I know you'll behave,
I'll be your Mistress and you'll be my slave!"
I felt myself smile, as my body relaxed,
I knew I'd enjoy my Mistress' attacks.
 
Her name was Katherine an Irish girl,
But if I uttered I'd be in such peril.
Mistress or Madam the choice was mine,
To serve as my Queen would also be fine.
First I must learn what I was to eat,
During menstruation I'd keep her neat!
When period came I'd keep her clean,
Drinking her protein would keep me lean.
Studs in my tongue she said she would stick,
Then my tongue would feel like a prick.
To drink her blood my heart took a leap,
I smiled a response but uttered not a peep!
She added good food she would not waste,
Dog food for her bitch would suit my bitch taste.
I thanked her my Queen for feeding this whore,
She showed me my dish there on the floor!
She helped me heal while learning my chores,
My tongue I used to clean toilets and floors.
There were additional rules, mine to obey,
They were mine obey both night and day.
Am never to speak without a permit,
Whatever she wished I would submit.
I must never complain or start to whine,
If I did the penalty would be mine!
Asked what I liked what I liked a lot,
I said with a smile, "I love to suck cock!
A fist in my ass, I have to add that,
Or even to feel the width of a bat!
To stretch my tight rectum into such a big hole,
I've seen some pictures that excited my soul!
My head in a box where people would sit,
To piss on my face and make me eat shit!
The taste of a whip, a paddle or cane,
Would bring the sweetness that comes from pain!
I need clips and clamps that provoke sweet hurt,
To wear even under a blouse and skirt! 
A rope round my neck to cut off my air,
While Mistress watches without any care,
To laugh as I struggle for breath and I spasm
This brink of death prompts  the sweetest orgasm!"
My mistress smiled, pleasure came to her face,
She said all of that I surely would taste!
She kept me naked 'cept for very high heels,
Said those shoes gave my fat legs appeal.
Yes I was fatter that any slave should be,
She provided a diet that would be the key.
One meal a day was all I would eat,
Eating her shit would be my sole treat.
I choked and grew flush as she spoke the words,
The laughed out loud as she promised a big turd!
"Your such a pig, as a slut you're devine,
I'm glad I found you and that you are mine!"
Ankles were cuffed so I hobbled all day,
Gag in my mouth left me nothing to say!


I was in heaven as my Mistress' slave,
She took me down to show me my cave.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Shadow


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





