BDSM Library - Marsha Meets Her Neighbor




Marsha Meets Her Neighbor
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is the sequel of A Divorced Wife Explores Yahoo.
				MARSHA MEETS HER NEIGHBOR

By Marsha W.
momofune@aol.com


If incest or teenagers involved in lovemaking with adults offends you, then
don't read anymore.

Marsha iddled away in her backyard thinking back over the past two day's and all
what had happened. She found it hard to believe a small mother of one, raised in
a conservative environment, could have experienced all of what had taken place
and fully understand the lasting impact it would have on her life.

Marsha W, a 32 year old woman, formals married to a man who had spent, most of
their ten years of marriage, boozing. A mother of a teenage daughter, Marsha
could best be described as a cute, pixie woman, who stood five foot four inches
tall, with medium length black hair, button nose with a fair complexion. Her
bottom was still firm and cure. She always wore shirt's wrapped around her
waist, because her cute bottom drew many stares from men when she wore clothing
that accentuated her forms.

Child birth had not hurt her Figure... having breast fed her daughter, Elfi, for
the first one and a half year, her once petite size 32C breasts had developed
into a full 34b bust when they had been filled with her milk. Unlike other
women, when Marsha had stopped breast feeding Elfi, her breasts remained a 34b
and she was still able to produce small droplets of milk when she became
extremely aroused. Marsha's nipples were extremely sensitive and very long when
she was aroused. She always had enjoyed breast feeding Elfi, because she never
failed to orgasm when Elfi sucked hard at her breast. Then, when aroused, Marsha
was self conscious of her milk making ability, however, with her husband always
boozing around, she hadn't have to worry about becoming sexually stimulated that
often.

Her life took a dramatic change as She followed Mrs. Tif suggestion and visited
her next door neighbor, Betsy's Mother.

Betsy's mother was abvout 5'9 height. She wore her hair short, but it looked
good on her face. She wore blue jeans and a tee shirt, but that didn't do much
to hide her average figure. She must had lift weights in her younger years,
thought Marsha. Her muscles in her arms appeared to be strong. Her waist was
trim, hips small, but her power appeared to be in her thighs. She was the type
of woman who could turn the heads of any man when she walked into a room.

Marsha watched, from behind the curtains of her window as She came out her door. 
She wascarrying a bag, certainly She want to go shoppng, thought Marsha. That
gave her more time to think how she could start, to do as Mrs. Tif had told her.
Marsha went about her daily housework, preparing breakfast for her daughter. It
was summer break and Elfi enjoyed sleeping in.

Elfi, thirteen now, looked just like her mother short, blonde headed, blue eyes,
fair complexion, but it wouldn't take having a baby for little Elfi's breasts to
develop. Unlike her mom, Elfi had already started to develop and was very
self-conscious of their growth, that little brat.

Marsha checked out the window occasionally to see when  She would be coming
home. Then Marsha thought she saw someone moving trough the yard, but wasn't
sure. 

Curiosity, got the best of her.,So she went to her bedroom window upstairs which
faced the neighbors yard, to see who it was. Much to her surprise, it was her
tall Neighbor, laying out on a sunchair.

  She was dressed in a white terrycloth robe. Marsha didn't giving it a second
thought anymore and went about her duty she had to do. Dressed in shorts and a
tank top, Marsha headed next door. She rang the door bell, but no one answered
right away and She started to turn and leave when she heard the door open.

  There stood the tallest woman Marsha had ever encountered. Easily 5'9 foot
tall, wearing that same terrycloth robe as before, stood in the doorway,
smiling.

  "Hello", She said with a deep sultry voice. "Uh, Hi" Marsha stammered, Marsha
felt so intimidated in her presence. She finally managed to say.

"Hi hello I'm, I'am Marsha, your next door neighbor. I would like to talk to you
about, about Betsy, I mean Elfi, about Our daughters Mrs...". That woman
extended her hand to Marsha, "Hello Marsha, I'am Tiffany. I'm sorry it took Me
so long to answer the door, but I was laying out back in the sun and didn't hear
the doorbell. Won't you come in?".

  Marsha was shocked... `Tiffany', it raced trough her. Was, was this she THE
Mistress Tif, she meet on the net? Then she been aware of that Tiffany was still
holding her hand tightly. Marsha was led into the house, still holding the hand
of the Woman. She lead Marsha trough the den opened out into the yard garden
area.

 "Would you care for something to drink Marshy?". Tiffany asked sweetly with Her
deep sultry Voice. 

"Oh no, no thank you," Marsha said a bit confused, as the Woman called her
Marshy. She wasn't a kid anymore but She called her as she's been called as a
Kid. "I can only stay for a minute. It is my daughter must come soon from
school".

"You can see your daughter come home from out here while we get acquainted
Marshy". 

Marsha felt uneasy, unsure in the company of this overpowering Woman. Tiffany
made her sat in another sun chair facing Tiffany.

   As Tiffany sat down, Her long red robe parted slightly and Marsha caught
short a glimpse of her full legs...long, smooth, muscular legs, tanned a golden
brown. Her six-inch spice heels accentuated Her calf and shapely legs. As they
sat and talked, Marsha's eyes were constantly drawn to Tiffany's legs, moving
and opening as She fidgeted in Her chair.

    As Marsha spoke about the neighborhood and the area, the cat like Lesbian
Tiffany was busy surveying Her next prey. Marsha was a timid beautiful lithe
housewife who Tiffany had learned from their conver-sation, was divorced and had
before been mostly neglected by her husband boozing around all the time. She was
now also uncertain about the sassy girlfriends off her daughter- a
     
       Tiffany would use all this to Her advantage in seducing Marsha and making
her, Her new Sex Toy. She knew Marsha was uneasy with her presence and planned
to use this also to Her advantage. Tiffany did prove, was testing Marsha to
determine if she was interested in Women; Her! Slowly moving Her leg back and
forth, looking for a reaction from Marsha that might help her in carrying out
her plan.

She had before seen Marsha in the upstairs window watching Her and suspected
there might be some fertile ground to plow if Her suspicions were correct.

Marsha couldn't understand why she felt so uncomfortable around this Woman. She
felt a stirring within her that she hadn't felt in years; just being in her
presence was somewhat intoxicating. Marsha's attraction toward Tiffany puzzled
her, clearly her only sexual attractions had been seldom, toward another Woman
but that had changed as she met those omnious Mrs. Tif at yahoo.

Marsha noticed Tiffany had stopped moving Her leg and had lifted Her right leg
high enough to offer her a quick glimpse of what lie between those magnificent
legs. Tiffany, setting her foot on the ground between their chairs, provided
Marsha a clear view of her bikini encased mound.

  Marsha looked away when Tiffany spread  apart Her legs, but was transfixed by
the sight of Tiffany's pussy lips, large and pink, protruding beyond the thin
strip of material from the bikini bottoms. The strip of bikini material had
slipped into her slit and from what Marsha had seen, it appeared her pussy had
been shaved. Marsha felt her juices begin to flow at the lewd display presented
to her. Marsha tried to avert her eyes once more before Tiffany realized she was
starring at Her pussy.

Tiffany smiled to Herself as She caught Marsha starring at her pussy. Marsha had
taken the bait, now Tiffany had to bring the fish in. She asked Marsha.

"Would you like to sun bathe? It's such a beautiful day and I'd love the company
as it's only Me in this big house." 

"I, I'm really don't think I should, my daughter will be coming home soon; and
anyway, I didn't bring my suit," Marsha said.
 
"No problem, I've got lots of suits inside that you can wear and Betsy anyway
should come along with your Elfi home, Marshy." 

Not waiting for an answer, Tiffany reached out Her hand and took Marsha by the
arm. Marsha felt the strength in the older womans grip and didn't resist.

 Marsha could not understand what had come over her. Here was a person, her
Neighbor, without being a friend, asking Marsha to join Her for a sunbath.
Marsha felt a bit ashamed of herself for thinking that this beauty Woman may
have other than honorable intentions with her. Still, as Tiffany led Marsha into
the big house, Marsha couldn't understand the strong feelings which were
radiating from her pussy... she felt betrayed by her body for reacting to her 
older Neighbors kind offer.

   Tiffany led Marsha into her bedroom to select a suit. She laid out several on
the bed for her to try on and told her She'd be outside waiting for her.

    As Tiffany departed, Marsha looked at the suits, if you could call them
that, lying on bed. Marsha was used to wearing a one piece suit that covered
most of her body anatomy, a suit a Mother would wear with her family. Instead,
she blushed at the suits lying on the bed. They were mere straps of clothing,
none big enough to hide even her breasts, only the nipples would be covered. The
bottoms were worse, they were all thongs!.

     Marsha wanted to leave, but knew she would offend her new friend if she
told Her the suits were not suitable for a person like herself. She didn't want
to start this new friendship off on the wrong note, so she proceeded to undress.

  Marsha selected the suit with the most material and put it on. She turned to
look at herself in the mirror and was shocked by what she saw. The suit was too
small for her, it barely covered her nipples, which by now, for some reason
swollen.

    Tiffany waited outside for Marsha to appear; knowing full well that the
suits She had selected for her prey to wear would be the most revealing ones She
owned. She didn't have long to wait as Marsha made her appearance in the
doorway. Tiffany hoped Her expression did not give Her intentions away.

 Marsha looked absolutely stunning. This 32 year old wife still possessed the
body of a teenager, but fully developed. Her breasts were full, she guessed at
least a b cup, a narrow waist that blended into a small set of hips. Her bottom
looked compact and firm; She would have to get a better look at it from the rear
when the opportunity presented itself.  "Marshy, that suit was made for you...
you look great in it!".

  Marsha felt totally exposed to Tiffany's roaming eyes. Marsha felt like
Tiffany was undressing her with Her eyes. She then told herself again, "I have
to quit imagining bad thoughts about Tiffany."

As Marsha stood in the doorway, Tiffany rose from Her chair, and proceeded to
remove the belt from her robe. She slowly turned her back to Marsha and let Her
robe fall gracefully off Her shoulders. Marsha eyes were riveted on the older
Tiffany as the robe slid off her shoulders.

  Marsha gasped when she saw the suit she, Tiffany was wearing. The black thong
two piece suit attractively displayed the firmest, blemish less, butt Marsha had
ever seen. Not an ounce of fat, and just the right size for Her frame. Her legs
looked wonderful in those high heels.

 Marsha couldn't herself understand why she was experiencing feelings like these
toward another older Woman...she'd never had a `sexual' interest in a woman,
what was wrong with her?.

Tiffany noticed Marshay's reaction to Her exposed body, it was just the reaction
Tiffany was hoping to produce. Seductively Tiffany pivoted and dropped the robe
to the ground. As she pivoted around, little Marsha's jaw dropped when she was
clearly confronted by the enorm size of Tiffany's breasts. They made her's look
small, but even though Her breasts were large, there was not the slightest hint
of sag...it must have been due to the great shape She was in. Tiffany's large
brown nipples were clearly visible through Her top. Marsha's now hard nipples
throbbed at the sight of the brunette Goddess posing before her.  Tiffany broke
the silence by stating. "Last one get the bad sun chair and is a rotten egg."

   Marsha was still standing on the patio when Tiffany, already on a sun chair,
stated, "Come on in, the sun it's great!".

  Marsha felt not self-conscious standing there and suddenly realized that she
stares at the beauty older Tiffany. Tiffany certainly was aware of the sight she
presented to Marsha and stayed that way for several moments, letting Marsha have
time to absorb her beauty.

   Marsha again felt that uneasy stirring, not understanding why, when she
looked at the older seductress Tiffany. She felt those stirrings again within
her pussy Tiffany, ready to take her plan to the next level said.

 "Ok Marsha, now youhave seen enough! Come here out in the beautyful sun so you
can tan your nice body."
 

  Marsha, feeling very uncomfortable with this situation, was hesitant to
proceed, but Tiffany persisted for her to come over. She beckoned with her
finger, just like you would a Child.

  Marsha immediately became aware of Tiffany's domination over her. Her nipples
were rock hard under her bikini top. Marsha's hard, overly extended nipples did
not go unnoticed by Tiffany. She snmiled to herself, I've got her now hocked`she
thought. Tiffany's plan was working just perfectly until Marsha said. "Tiffany,
I think I need to go home, Elfi will be home shortly, I'm sure."  "It's ok
Marshy, we'll be able to see the Girls from here when they arrive, just relax in
the sun, feel the sun massaging your body, relaxing those tense muscles".

  Marsha decided that no matter how hard she tried, she wasn't going to get
away, at least not at the moment, without being rude to her new friend. Then
again, she wasn't sure she wanted to leave the warm,  comforting sun with her
new friend.

  Tiffany, feeling Marsha finally relax, decided to let Marsha on her own.
Marsha, without realizing it, was dizzy nearly transfixed in the warm sun.

  This was Tiffany's opportunity to really show off her breasts. Her plan was to
loose her top, and roll over wait to see what Marsha's reaction would be. As She
pushed off the side, with Marsha sleepy watching, Tiffany's top flew off, just
as She had planned.

Her breasts bobbed on the surface of the sun chair, her red nipples poking
toward the sky, now free from their confinement. Marsha couldn't believe what
she was seeing. 

   Tiffany's top had come loose.... and Tiffany didn't seem to notice her
breasts were completely exposed! Tiffany, exposing Her breasts to Her future Sex
Toy. "Whoops", said Tiffany, "it appears as if my top has come off. Oh well, now
let the warm sun give them also a bit tan".


Marsha, finally relaxed and let Tiffany show her breast; `She must know what's
She's doing'? Thought Marsha.

Marsha hoped Tiffany didn't notice her aroused condition. Tiffany's plan was
working. If Tiffany further continued Her nipple showing, Marsha was afraid she
was going to loose control and climax right there in front of her new friend.
How embarrassing.

  Tiffany decided it was time to move onto the next step of her plan.

    "Marshy, I hope you don't mind, but when I lay out, I usually don't wear a
suit... it helps to eliminate any lines, see?".

 With that, Tiffany cupped Her breasts, and lifted them up to show Marsha that
She had no tan lines under either breast. "Oh, yes, I see what you mean." Marsha
was shocked by her boldness and lack of self-consciousness about her body.

  "Marsha, why don't you move your chair, over here, near the diving board...I
always lay out there. You get the best tan, because you're so near the water."

  Marsha as in trance got up and moved her chair over nearer to Tiffany's.
Tiffany had intentionally picked this location as it offered a clear view of
Marsha's house.

 Tiffany told Marsha that she could watch for her daughter better from this
place.  Marsha thanked Her for Her concern.

  "Marshy, you're so fair skinned, you'd better let Me put some oil on your back
so you don't burn."
  "I, I'm really need to get home Tiffany, it must be getting late and my
daughter will surely come home by now," Marsha said.
  "I haven't seen Betsy around, have you? If they were home Betsy would look at
me", said Tiffany.

 "Well, no, I guess not." Little did Marsha know that Elfi had already arrived
home and was looking for her Mom. She left a notice note on the frig... "Elfi,
went to meet our neighbor, be back soon. Love Mom".

   Tiffany had noticed the teen Girls go into Marsha's her house, but decided
not to tell Marsha, at least not just yet.

   Tiffany still had to work her plan to seduce Marsha and make her, Her sex
toy.

To be continued...




Marsha meets her neighbor 2




  "Lay on your stomach, Marsha. I've got this new oil, you'll love it." The oil
was a special mixture Tiffany had made for her by one of her Girlfriends. When
applied, it would cause a fire to burn deep within you. As Tiffany began to rub
the oil into Marsha's back, she asked.

"Marshy can I undo your bra strap? I don't want to get oil on My suit...".

  Marsha had second thoughts about letting Her undo the strap, but decided that
it was Her suit. As she felt Tiffany's hands glide across her skin, Marsha began
to relax. Tiffany immediately sensed her muscles relaxing.

  "That's a Girl, just relax and let your Mistress Tiffany make you feel
better." 

Marsha's eyes shot open. "Did She really say "MISTRESS TIFFANY"?.  "How do My
hands feel rubbing your skin, Marshy? Just relax, close your eyes, and let
MISTRESS TIFFANY take you to another place."

    There it was again, MISTRESS TIFFANY! Tiffany sensed she was ready for the
kill.  As She worked the oil into her back, Her hands slow slid down the sides
of Marsha's back, inching the cups of the bathing suit away from her breasts...
those sensitive nipples were so close to Her touch. 

Tiffany knew, that once She got Her hands around those nipples, Marsha would be
Hers! After feeling them earlier, and seeing Marsha's reaction to her casual
touch, Tiffany knew it would only be a matter of time before She had Marsha as
Her Lesbian Sex Slave.

As the bra cups being pulled away from her breasts, Marsha felt Tiffany's
fingers firmly nudging the sides of her breasts as She applied the oil to her
skin.

Never, in her whole life, had Marsha felt so excited by the touch of another
person, especially the touch of another woman!. 

"Marshy Girl, raise up for YOUR Mistress, so I can remove your bra."  Marsha,
hearing those words again, felt a tingle all the way down to her pussy. Why was
she calling her that? Why was she reacting to her this way? Why couldn't she
just say stop and leave? Her thoughts were shocked back to reality when she
heard Tiffany again say...

"Marsha Girl, My little Sex Slave, do as Your Mistress commands and raise up on
your elbows so Your Mistress can remove your bra!".

  Marsha, not understanding why, raised herself up on her elbows. She felt her
bra being pulled away, slowly, being dragged across her nipples.

  "Now Slave, you're nasty nipples are Mine."

  With that, Tiffany reached Her strong fingers beneath Marsha and grasped her
elongated nipples between Her thumb and forefingers a Marsha was shell shocked.

  What had happened to the nice neighborly Woman who had been so nice to her?
Why was She acting this way? Most importantly, why was she allowing Her to treat
her this way? Her buried sexual feelings had been brought to the surface by this
beautiful, strong Woman and Marsha felt too weak to deny Her Demands.

"Slave, now tell Your Mistress how much you like having your nipples pinched and
pulled at?".
  Tiffany didn't need to hear the actual words from Marsha's lips...She knew
from her body's reaction that She had worn down Marsha's resistance to the point
where she could no longer resist Her advances.

    "Slave Marsha, I'm going to pull your dainty panties down so I can massage
those splendid beautiful globes of yours."

   Tiffany pulled her panties down slowly, having to tug the crotch band of the
thong out of Marsha's little pussy slit. Tiffany felt the strip of material that
was lodged between Marsha's cuntlips....yes, it was soaked with her juice.

  "Slave Marsha, why have you soiled My swimsuit with your pussy juice? You'll
have to be punished later for this indiscretion!".
  Marsha felt the older Tiffany's soft, but strong fingers rub her buttocks,
massaging each globe between Her strong hands.

  Marsha moaned as she felt Tiffany spread her buttocks, exposing her little
asshole. Then Tiffany took Her index finger and ran it across her little hole.
Marsha gasped; she'd never had anyone touch her in this place. She felt
humiliated, but at the same time aroused, by her Mistress'es exploring fingers.

  There, she'd thought it, her Mistress. Marsha couldn't believe what she'd just
said, her MISTRESS! Here she laid, a wife and mother of a daughter, being
stroked by another Woman. It then hit home....what if Elfi was home and looked
down from her room and saw her.

  Tiffany now cupped Marsha's pussy with the palm of Her hand and pressed Her
thumb against Marsha's asshole.

  "Slave Marsha My Girl, raise your little bottom up so I can penetrate it. Have
your ever had anything stuck up this sweet cute little asshole of yours?." 
Marsha choked out a weak reply, "No, never."

   Marsha felt a hard stinging blow on her Buttocks. "When you address Me
Marsha, address Me as Mistress Tiffany. Do you understand My Slave Girl?". And
with that she slapped Marsha's pussy with the palm of her hand.

  "Yes Mistress Tiffany", replied Marsha. Marsha felt her asshole expand to
accept the thumb being pushed into it. Never, in her life, had Marsha felt
anything so exciting, yet humiliating at the same time.

  Tiffany, Her thumb now buried up to Her hand in Marsha's tight ass, placed Her
four fingers at the entrance of Marsha's pussy. Her fingers immediately felt the
heat of her body as She cupped her sweet little pussy. Marsha just about came as
she felt Tiffany's finger tips touch her extended clit. Then, as quickly as it
began, Tiffany removed her hand.

Tiffany said, "Stand up Slave Girl!". Marsha slowly rose to her feet, now
completely naked.  "Turn around and face your house!".

  Marsha did as she was told. Tiffany walked up behind her, slipping Her arms
under Marsha's arms, cupping Marsha's breasts in her hands.

  "Slave Marsha, I'm going to rub your breasts, pull on your nipples, until you
come. I want you to look at little Elfi's bedroom window, see it? Do you see
Elfi and Betsy standing there looking down at you? That's right Slave Marsha,
I'm feeling you up right in plain sight of your daughter and My Stepdaughter. It
excites you doesn't it? I can feel it in your nipples. Why are they so wet?".

  Marsha was in shock... she could see her Elfi and Betsy in the window, staring
down at her, while this older Woman held her and milked her breasts. Marsha
heard her Mistress say again.

 "Why are your breasts so wet!?".
 "Because Mistress Tiffany, when my breasts are aroused to such a state, I, I'am
begin to produce milk."

  Tiffany was ecstatic. Not only was She going to enjoy breaking in Her new
Slave, but She would also have the pleasure to get her Daughter as well.

   As Tiffany continued to roughly handle her breasts, milk began spurting out
of Masha's breasts in tiny streams. Marsha couldn't take it any longer, her
knees began to buckle as she felt her body begin to tremble from the force of
her orgasm.

  She leaned back against Tiffany to keep from falling; feeling Tiffany's hard
pert nipples burn into her back. Tiffany said.

 "Turn your head and kiss Me. Kiss Me like you'd kissed your husband. While you
kiss Me, think about our Elfi up in the window watching her Slut Mother getting
felt up and kissed by her new Mistress."

    Hearing her Mistress' words, caused Marsha to climax again.

   She bent her head back and touched her lips to Tiffany's. It was like no
other kiss she'd ever felt. Tiffany's soft, full lips covered Marsha's smaller
one's. She felt Tiffany's tongue press against her lips, trying to slip it into
her mouth.

   Marsha moaned as her lips parted and Tiffany's long tongue slipped deeply
into her mouth, tasting her sweet saliva. Marsha was lost, breathless after the
kiss. Here she was, standing out in the open, being caressed by another older 
Woman in front of her daughter.

   What was wrong with her? Why didn't she stop this and run back home? How
would, could she explain this? She knew why but was afraid to accept the fact
that she was the Slave to a older Woman who would govern her every feeling!.

   Tiffany could not believe how perfect her plan was proceeding. Her pussy was
hot, overflowing, soaking her thong. Tiffany bent down and ran her tongue down
Marsha's back sending shivers up and down her spine. Tiffany wanted to taste
that sweet ass and pussy. Spreading Marsha's cheeks, Tiffany saw her pink hole
wink at Her as She buried Her tongue deep into her asshole.

  "God, what are you doing to me?," Marsha moaned. "I can hardly stand while
you're doing that to me".
 "Lean forward and grab hold of the sun chair; open those firm little cheeks for
Me. Tell Me you want My tongue buried in your sweet asshole," said Tiffany. 
"Yes, Mistress Tiffany, please stick your tongue up my asshole... it feels soo
good."

 Marsha couldn't believe she had just said that. She'd never used words like
that before in her life. As she bent forward, she looked up at Elfi's window and
was shocked to see both teen's still staring down at her. What would she say to
Elfi? How could she explain this to her?.

   Tiffany continued to work Marsha over, pushing Her tongue deep into her
asshole, tasting the sweet pungent juices flowing down from her canal. Tiffany
wanted to taste that sweet little pussy. Pushing on Marsha's lower back, she
bent her over farther, causing her pussy to raise to Her mouth.

  What a tight little pussy. Tiffany knew that Marsha's husband had been
neglecting this tasty little pussy and She was going to show Marsha what it felt
like to be kissed on her lips by another Woman, only a real Woman's soft lips
could make her feel the way she was about to experience.

   Marsha felt Tiffany's hot breath on her pussy right before she felt Her
tongue come into contact with it. Marsha nearly passed out, it had been so long
since her husband had done this to her. But the way Tiffany kissed, licked, and
penetrated her slit was unbelievable. It felt like She knew exactly the right
places to touch, lick and kiss her pussy... never had she felt such a deep
feeling in her womb. It felt as if she had a six inch hot tongue buried inside
her... she felt so full.

  Tiffany could feel Marshay's cunt begin to squeeze Her tongue and knew it
wouldn't be long before she climaxed. Tiffany now removed her tongue and pulled
Marsha's labia apart with Her fingers, exposing her hard little clitoris.
Wrapping her full lips around the little bud, She began to suck it as hard as
She could. Marsha lost it... her knees began to shake as she felt the onslaught
of the biggest orgasm yet, rising from the tip of her toes to the center of her
being. Tiffany was rewarded with a shower of come from Marsha's little pussy.
Tiffany knew that this was nectar from an beauty untapped, unused source, a
neglected pussy for so long, but Tiffany was determined to change that.

    Releasing the clit from Her sucking lips, Tiffany stood Marsha up, turned
her around and said. "Kiss Me slave... taste your sweet pussy juice on My
lips!".
  Marsha wouldn't resist this request, she tentatively leaned forward and placed
her lips over her Mistress, tasting herself for the first time on another
Woman's hot lips. God, she was repulsed, but yet excited. She had forgot about
Elfi and Betsy watching for the moment. She was caught up in the most bizarre
situation and could not make her body do what her mind was telling her... this
was wrong. She was helpless before this older woman.

  "That was a good kiss, Slave Marsha. Now, I want you to go inside, call Elfi
and Betsy tell them to come over!".
  "I can't do that! I don't want you to
get my daughter involved in this. She's so young!".

  Tiffany slapped Marsha hard across the face.

  "Don't you ever talk that way to Your Mistress, Slave Girl. You'll do what I
say or I'll tell in the whole neighborhood how much you have enjoyed having Me
make love to you."
  "They never believe you." Marsha said.
  "Maybe not, but they believe it when they sees the video I made of you
submitting to Me."

  Marsha couldn't believe her ears. Video, what video. She looked around and
mounted in several locations on the house were video cameras!.

   "Mistress, please don't make Me call Elfi. She's just an innocent little
Girl.  Why do you want to involve her. I'll do anything you want, anything,"
Marsha now begged her.
  "I know you'll do anything I want now, because You're  My Lesbian SLAVE
Marsha.  Now, go and call them, get them down here now!".

   Marsha was totally lost and didn't know who to turn too for help. She was
divorced and in this town new she didn't knews any body who could help her out
off this. If she didn't do what Tiffany told her, she'd expose her to all and
her new live in this town would be over, Elfi would be taken away from her as
well. Marsha did the only thing she could and began to call home.

When Elfi answered the phone, Marsha said. "Honey, this is your Mom."

  Before she could say anymore, Elfi said,     
  "Mom, where are you?".
  "I'm down at our neighbors house."
  "Mom, when I looked out my window, was that you I saw standing by the sun
chairs with Betsy's mother?". Elfi's voice was trembling when she spoke.
  "What was she doing to you? It looked like from here that you didn't have any
clothes on? "What's going on Mom?".

  Marsha felt so sorry for bringing her daughter into this mess.
  "Elfi, I want you and Betsy to come over here. I'll explain more when you get
here."
  "OK, Mom, I'm on my way."

 When Marsha hung up the phone, she felt a sick feeling in her stomach. How
could she bring Elfi into the mean clutches of her Mistress Tiffany?.

  There, she had said that again, more easily and freely than before. Had
Tiffany uncovered a deeply hidden feeling inside her? A feeling of wanting to be
Dominated by another Person, another Woman?.

To be continued




				MARSHA MEETS HER NEIGHBOR

By Marsha W.



Elfi's Part:

   Elfi was totally confused. From her bedroom window, it looked just like her
Mother was naked, being held in the arms of another, NAKED Woman, her girlfriend
Betsy's Mother. Her Mom didn't look like she was putting up a fight, but
appeared to be leaning back into Her arms while Betsy's mother's hands were all
over her Mom's body.

   Elfi was experiencing mixed feelings as to how she felt about what she had
just witnessed. She noticed her chest was very tight and her panties had become
wet, feelings she'd never felt before.

   As she and Betsy neared the door, she didn't know who her Mom was, it
certainly wasn't like her Mom to act like she had just seen her with another
person.

   Tiffany answered the door when the bell rang. She had replaced the terrycloth
robe with a red satin full length gown. She had taken the time to put on a red
bustier, which pushed her large breasts up for all to see. Her nipples were
clearly visible at the top of the bustier. Her panties were white and made of
silk, presenting a striking contrast to her red bustier and her dark skin.

  Elfi was surprised to see Betsy's tall mother, dressed in what appeared to be
a nightgown, answer the door.

  "Uh, my Mom said she was here and wanted us to come down," Elfi said.

  "Come in My dear Elfi, we're been expecting you," Mistress Tiffany replied.

  Elfi and Betsy walked past Tiffany and Elfi was immediately impressed by her
beauty and size. She'd never seen such a tall woman before. As she walked into
the house, she felt Tiffany's arm go around her shoulder. Then Tiffany said to
Betsy. "You go in your room Betsy, I will look later at you!."

 Elfi shuddered, but felt the strength in Tiffany's arm and felt safe for some
reason. As she entered the den area, she caught sight of her Mom, or wasn't it
her.

  There was a woman, who looked just like her Mom, but was dressed in a
negligee, which left little to the imagination. A matching silk pair of panties
were underneath the silk negligee that barely covered her Mother's private
areas. Elfi hated to admit it, her Mom looked great. She'd never seen her body
so exposed before. "Mom, what's going on? Why are you wearing that? I don't
understand."

Before Marsha could answer her daughter's questions, Tiffany, with her arm still
around Marsha's daughter spoke up.

 "Elfi, your Mom and I have been getting to know each much other better today.
Your Mother is a very beautiful Woman, don't you think she looks beautiful and
happy standing over there?".

   Elfi did notice something different about her Mom, she looked very relaxed
and flushed in her cheeks. Little did she know that her Mom had just experienced
the best love making she'd ever known just one hour before her arrival and that
she was still glowing from those sessions.

   "Elfi, your Mom wants to tell you something, don't you SLAVE MARSHA."

Elfi spun around and looked at Nrs.Tiffany when she used that term to address
her Mother. She then turned to look at her Mother and was surprised to see her
begin to respond.

  "Elfi, MISTRESS TIFFANY has asked that you be included in our getting
acquainted sessions".
  MISTRESS TIFFANY, SLAVE MARSHA, was Elfi dreaming this or what? Did she just
really hear those words being spoken by her own Mother to this Woman?.

 "Mom, why do you let her talk to you like that?".
  "Because Elfi, your Mother is My Lesbian Lover, she's My SEX Slave. Your
Mother has had a whole new world opened up to her today, a world which she has
become to enjoy very much, isn't that so Slave Marsha?".

  Marsha was so embarrassed, but at the same time excited by Mistress Tiffany's
words. This woman had now a power like no other over her.

   "Elfi, Mistress Tiffany has shown me thinks which I never thought the could
be  possible before today."

  Tiffany felt Elfi go limp in Her arms as She held her tightly to Her breasts.
Her nipples were harder than ever before with the thought that she'd soon see
this nice little Girl naked in Her house.

  "Elfi, your Mother has Masked to let you join us today so you too can
experience the fun and joy of loving another person in a way you're not familiar
with yet."

  "Slave Marsha, please take off your nice, beauty negligee and let Elfi see
what her real Mother looks like!".
 "Yes Mistress Tiffany".

  Marsha, without the slightest bit of hesitation, slipped the straps off her
shoulders, exposing her full breasts encased in the black silk bra and her
little panties, Mistress Tiffany had forced her to wear.

  "Mom, what are you doing."
  "She wants to show her daughter what a little Slut she is Elfi! She has a nice
beautiful body, don't you think so Elfi?". Asked Mistress Tiffany smiling.

 Elfi didn't know what to say OR do. She wanted to leave with her OLD Mother,
but she was being held firmly by this Woman.  Elfi felt the strong Woman's arm
leave her shoulder and watched as She walked over to her Mom.

  "Elfi, while you were watching us in your bedroom, what did you see?".
  "I don't know what you're talking Mrs. about," stammered Elfi. Obviously very
embarrassed at being caught watching her Mother with Mrs. Tiffany.

  "Elfi, I know you saw Me with your Mom, what were we doing, tell it to
Mistress Tiffany!".

  Elfi was at a loss for words, but began by saying, "I saw Mom standing by, by 
the pool with You", Elfi was excited, seeing her Mom naked for the first time.
She had always wondered what she looked like and now with her standing totally
naked there before her, being undressed by this over-powering Woman, was more
than Elfi could comprehend.

"What did you see next, Elfi, from your window?". Asked Mrs. Tiffany smiling.

  Elfi hesitated, and Marsha spoke up.

 "Go on Elfi, answer Mistress Tiffany's question's."
  "I saw your hands squeezing my Mom's breast as she leaned back against your
naked body."

 Mrs. Tiffany said, "Good Girl, Elfi. Did I look like this?". Tiffany stepped
from behind her Mother and slowly untied her gown, letting it slowly open for
the young Girl to see her body. Her breasts looked immense hoisted up by her red
lace tight bustier. Tiffany's nipples were tiny hard points, pointing directly
at Elfi for her to view.

 Mrs. Tiffany needed to relieve this pent up urge to climax, she'd only focused
on giving Marsha pleasure today... now it has to be her turn.

  "Was this the way I looked as I held your Mother at the pool?".
 Elfi stared at those beauty magnificent breasts, flat stomach and white pure
silk panties.

  "Close," Elfi's voice almost a whisper.
  "You didn't have that red `thing on."  
  "Would you like me to remove it?".

  Elfi froze at this question. She felt light headed as she stared into the eyes
of those ominous Mistress Tiffany. Elfi looked back at Tiffany, still pondering
her question. Her sense of good judgment told her to tell her, to go to hell but
that burning sensation occurring between her thighs and her sexual curiosity to
learn more about how this Woman kept her Mother under her power led her to
answer.

 "Yes, I'd like you to remove it." Elfi was surprised by how easy the words
flowed out of her mouth... so was her Mother.

Mrs. Tiffany, wanting to get Elfi to take a more active role, so She told her.
"Elfi, why don't you help Me? By coming over here, to Me."

  Marsha hoped her daughter would run out of the house and save herself from
what she was about to experience, but to her utterly disappointment, Elfi
stepped forward toward her Mistress.

   Elfi looked so small next to Tiffany.  Mrs. Tiffany took Elfi's little hands
and placed them on the ties on the front of her bustier, just below her jutting
pert nipples. Elfi's face was directly in line with this Woman's nipples and she
raised her hands to untie the bustier and free those Woman breasts from their
confinement As she unlaced the tie, more and more of her breasts became exposed,
till finally the tie had been loosened all the way down her front.

    Mrs. Tiffany said, "Elfi, stand right there as your Mother unhooks Me in the
back."

    Marsha, hearing her Mistress's words, stepped behind Tiffany and began
unhooking the bustier. After the last hook was undone, Mrs. Tiffany told her
Slave.

 "Slave Marsha, remove My bustier so your lovely daughter can feast her eyes on
My breasts. Would you like to see up close what you only saw from far away at
your window Elfi, My dear?".

     Elfi was faced with a decision she knew may cost her in time, but she knew
what her young pussy was telling her, that she wanted to proceed with the game
her Mother's Mistress was playing with her.

  Tiffany said, "Well Elfi, what's your answer?".
  Elfi almost whispered, her voice meek, "Remove it Mother."

   Marsha's heart sank. She now knew her daughter had also fallen under the
power of her Mistress. Marsha's fingers began to peel the red. thight lace
bustier from her Mistress's magnificent body. As her hands slipped under her
Mistress's arms to remove the bustier, Tiffany took Marsha's hands and placed
them directly on her bare breasts.

  Marsha couldn't see over her Mistress' shoulder, but immediately knew what her
hands were touching. Marsha felt the soft, abundant flesh of her Mistress's
breast.  As Tiffany guided her hand down Her front, Marsha felt the hard points
of Her enorm nipples. So this is what another woman's breasts felt like? As
Tiffany dropped Her hands, Marsha's remained in place, feel, squeezing, milking
her Mistress's breasts.

    Elfi was frozen in place, she was now only two feet away, watching what she
had withnessed from her bedroom window, only the roles had changed, her Mother
was now doing the feeling up of Mistress Tiffany.

 Being in the same room, up close, caused a reaction in Elfi she wasn't prepared
to handle. Elfi wasn't embarrassed anymore, she openly stared at her Mother's
hands massaging this Amazon Woman's beautiful tits. Tiffany's animal instincts
picked up on this change and decided to bring Elfi more into the action.

    "Elfi, come here!". Elfi noticed Mrs. Tiffany's voice had become more
forceful and directive. She sounded now more like a Mother disciplining her
child. Elfi took one step toward her and then stopped.

  "Elfi, did you hear Your Mistress? come here, NOW!".
  Elfi thought, that's what she called my Mother, is she now MY Mistress too?
Elfi took one more step which placed her only inches away from Mrs.Tiffany. She
looked up and was staring as her Mother's fingers slowly pinching and pulling
her Mistress' nipples. Her mind froze, "My Mistress," thought a confused Elfi.
Why did she call her that?

   Tiffany broke the silence, "Elfi, I've saved the best part for last... remove
My panties."
  Elfi, with trembling fingers, reached out to touch the waistband of her
Mistress panties.

  "Not with your hands, little One, with your mouth!". Elfi froze in her tracks.

    "Mom, I don't want to do this," Elfi pleaded. Marsha, her hands still
massaging those beautiful breasts, spoke up, "Elfi, you heard Our Mistress!".

     Elfi, lost beyond hope, sunk to her knees. She felt so small in front of
those Mistress Tiffany, looking up at the enorm breasts being manipulated by her
own meek Mother's hands.

  Bending forward, Elfi tentatively placed her full lips on the waistband of
Mrs. Tiffany's white silk thong.

  "No Elfi, not there, pull them down by the strap of my thong."  Elfi gasped,
she knew that the strap ran between the cheeks of her bottom and to reach it
with her mouth would require her to bury her face deep into the crack of those
magnificent Mrs. Tiffany's's ass.

   Tiffany, in an effort to tower over this little Girl more, climbed on the
coffee table in the middle of the room, Marsha also joined her resuming her tit
massage. Both Women looked down at Elfi, she seemed so small and innocent.
  "This should help you," Mrs.Tiffany said to Elfi.

   Elfi approached her Mistress, bent her head forward and pressed her cute face
in between her Mistress's cheeks. Expecting to be repulsed by putting her face
between a person's ass cheeks, Elfi was surprised to find that Mrs.Tiffany
smelled sweet...  Her mouth descended further, her nose bumping against the
strip of flesh just above Her asshole. Elfi opened her lips and with her teeth,
grabbed the strip of material lodged between the two full moons of her
Mistress's ass cheeks.

    She pulled downward as the silk thong followed in her mouth. As the wet
crotch material began to pull away, Elfi had to tug harder to dislodge it from
between the puffy lips of her vagina. Elfi noticed the material of thong tasted
sweet and was wet. She then realized that wetness. Elfi again questioned why was
she acting like she was in a trance, not able to deny this Woman's requests.

    As she pulled down the thong, Elfi looked up and saw something which really
excited her, Mrs.Tiffany's pussy had been completely shaved. The size of the
lips were the only thing different from hers.  As she continued to pull the
thong passed Her knees, she looked up and thought for a moment that Tiffany had
a cock protruding
from Her pussy lips... but then she first realized that Tiffany's clit was
distended to the size of a small boys penis.

  Tiffany possessed the real anatomy of a superwoman and Elfi and her Mother
were at Her mercy. Once Her thong was lying around Her ankles, Tiffany kicked it
off Her foot across the room. Mrs.Tiffany was impressed with the way Elfi had
completed her task.

  "Slave Marsha, it appears your daughter is very interested in seeing what you
have learned. I want you to demonstrate for her what I did to you out by the
pool earlier.  I want to feel those lips of yours kissing My pussy, running down
the length of My slit, sucking My clit, and then licking My asshole until I too
reach the level of joy I took you too."

  Marsha couldn't believe her Mistress was asking her to do those things to Her
with her daughter standing right in the same room with her. She knew that if it
was just she and her new Mistress, she would willingly service Her needs, but
with Elfi present?.
  "Go on Marsha, start demonstrating your new found talents on Your Mistress,"
Mistress Tiffany said, commanding.

   Marsha came around to the front of her Mistress, seeing Elfi's expression
told her she was captivated by the nude Woman standing before her. Marsha
noticed the shiny wet area around Elfi's nose that had just been buried in her
Mistress's cunt and asshole... she saw Elfi lick her lips involuntarily, tasting
the juices she was about to experience from her Mistress.  Marsha dropped down
onto her knees, coming face to face with Mrs.Tiffany's pussy.

  Tiffany was obviously excited as She had not relieved herself since seducing
Marsha over four hours ago. Her vulva had filled with blood, making it appear
larger than normal. Her clit was large by most and hard, standing proudly out of
it's hood. Marsha smelled the feminine aroma filling the air and knew her
Mistress was eagerly awaiting her tongue. Marsha leaned forward and placed her
dainty mouthlips against Mistress Tiffany's labia, sort of like she was kissing
a wet set of lips on someone's face. She was immediately rewarded by her
Mistress's clit protruding another inch out, almost poking her in her eye.

   Marsha opened her mouth and tentatively letting her tongue lick the lips, now
wet with precum. She swallowed her juices and found them to taste somewhat
sweet, just a little tart. Her tongue became more bold, aggressive, recalling
how her Mistress's tongue had explored her slit and vaginal canal so deeply.
Marsha could feel the flow of juices increase, spreading across her lips, nose
and cheeks as Mrs.Tiffany pulled her head deeper into Her pussy Elfi stepped
forward to join her Mistress by her side.

   She looked down at her Mother kneeling before Tiffany, her face was drenched
with cum from Tiffany's pussy. She watched her Mother eagerly lapping her pussy.
Elfi was thoroughly fascinated by how much her own Mother seemed to be enjoying
her duties.  As she watched, she felt Tiffany slip Her arm around her tiny
shoulders, this action caused Elfi's face to be pressed into the side of
Tiffany's magnificent breast. Elfi felt its warmth and it seemed to offer her
comfort during this stressful moment.

   Elfi felt Mrs.Tiffany's body stiffen, her breath shorten, and then she heard
Her tell her Mom, "Slave Marsha, take My clit in your mouth and suck it real
hard."

    Elfi watched her Mother remove her tongue from those wet huge pussy lips,
and opening her mouth, suck in that abnormal sized clit. As she did, Tiffany
lost it, and started coming hard.

   Elfi again looked down and was really surprised by what she saw. Her Mother
had opened her mouth open and she could see small jets of come shooting out from
Mrs. Tiffany's pussy. Was She pissing in her Mother's mouth or was that Her
come?.

   Tiffany spoke up, "That was great Slave Marsha. Are you really sure you've
been telling Me the truth and haven't eaten a pussy before? I haven't come like
that in a while, did you enjoy My shooting in your mouth? I've been blessed with
this ability to shoot My cum just like a man does."

 Marsha stared up at her Mistress, holding her daughter closely and said,"It, it
was wonderful Mistress."

  Elfi couldn't believe her ears, here was her Mother, on her knees before a
naked Woman, cum all over her face, saying she enjoyed eating Her pussy!.

"Slave Marsha, you did a good job eating My pussy, now you'll have to complete
the demonstration by licking My asshole. Your daughter asked to see what I did
for you at the pool, now let's comply with her request."

   Elfi gasped when she realized that her Mother had, had her butthole sucked by
Tiffany when she observed them from her window. Tiffany turned around for Marsha
to feast on her behind. Marsha knew now the pleasures that could be derived from
having your ass licked, but she didn't know if she could put her mouth on that
little rosebud that laid between those beautiful buttocks.

   "Elfi, would you mind assisting your Mother by spreading My buttocks apart so
your Mother can lick Me properly?".

    Elfi grasped with shaking fingers Her full cheeks, she felt the heat that
radiated from them and spread them for Mrs. Tiffany, her Mistress.

  "That's My good little Girl, your hands feels wonderful on My butt dear Elfi."
  Elfi increased her pressure by pulling the cheeks apart once hearing that her
Mistress enjoyed her touch. She watched her Mother lean forward, she saw her
tongue extend out and touch Mrs.Tiffany's asshole.

  Her Mother's expression seemed to change as she continued to, eager lick Her
ass-hole, probing the sphincter each time with her tongue. It was as if she was
trying to penetrate her asshole with her wet tongue.  The wetter the area
became, the easier it became for her long tongue to pass into the opening.

 Before long, Elfi saw her Mother's tongue driving deeply into her new
Mistress's asshole! Tiffany moaned deeply once the tongue penetrated Her ass.

  "Oh yes, My little slave has such a long tongue, I can feel deep inside Me
Marsha", Tiffany said, stepping down off the coffee table, "I have another
request of you now.  Have your daughter join you up on the table."

 Elfi, questioned Her motive, but Mistress Tiffany just said, "Come on honey,
step up here with your Mom." Elfi slow, hesitantly joined her Mother. Tiffany
reached behind the couch and pulled out a video camera, on a tripod and set it
up, aiming it at the Mother and Daughter.

   "I want to capture this moment on tape, so we can enjoy it together in the
future.  It will be part of our story collection. We already have Part I, don't
we Slave Marsha?". Tiffany was referring to the video already taken of her and
Marsha by the sun chairs.

"Marsha, I'm sure Elfi feels uncomfortable being the only person standing here
with clothes on. Why don't you undress your daughter so she'll be more
comfortable?".
   
  "Mistress Tiffany, I beg you, please don't make me do this."
  "Do as I command or you'll wish you'd never disobeyed Me!"

  Marsha was afraid to push the issue any further. She knew this woman could
break her in two if she chose too.

  "My Honey, I'm sorry for getting you involved in this." Marsha, standing
behind her daughter, pulled her T-shirt over her head, leaving her in her
shorts, panties and her white lace bra. Elfi was quite developed for such a
young Girl. Marsha reached around Elfi and unbuckled her shorts, letting them
fall around her ankles.

  The sight of Mother and daughter, on Her coffee table, one completely naked,
the other in bra and panties, caused Mrs.Tif  juices to flow even more, wetting
the lips of Her pussy and Her inner thighs. Elfi's skin was flawless and smooth.
Her breasts rode high on her chest, firm breasts of a young woman on a Girl's
body. As Marsha stopped after removing her T-shirt and shorts.

"Remove her bra and panties too!". Tiffany said. Marsha knew she was about to
expose her own daughter to this Woman she'd only known for a couple hours, she
knew it was wrong, but she also felt the excitement of pleasing her Mistress.
She reached up and unhooked Elfi's bra snap, slowly letting the straps fall off
her shoulders. As she reached under Elfi's arms to pull the cups off her firm
breasts, Tiffany commented...    
 "Elfi, your breasts are so full and firm, they don't sag at all. You don't need
a bra, so from now on, when you're in My presence, you're not to wear a bra. Is
that understood?".
  "Yes Mistress," said was Elfi's answer. Marsha stooped down, slipped her bra
from the front, Tiffany was greeted with the prettiest pair of breasts she'd
ever seen.

  Elfi's nipples were just like her Mom's, pink and very long. Sweet Elfi,
whether she wanted to admit it or not, was turned on by what was occurring at
the moment.  Even better, as her panties were slid down
her legs, Mrs.Tiffany's mouth dropped open when she feasted her eyes on Elfi's
large cunt lips. Obviously swollen like her nipples, her labia was puffed up and
her little clit was protruding from between her slit.

   Just a slight wisp of blonde hair could be seen, however, you had too look
hard to find it. Now totally nude, like her slave Mother, both stood before
their Mistress on the coffee table, just like they were on a stage.

  "You both look wonderful standing on My stage," said Tiffany. As She stepped a
bit forward, She reached with Her Manicured hand out and cupped Elfi's breasts.
Her fingers encircled the hard nipples and pinched them between Her thumb and
long forefinger.

  Elfi gasped at the contact; she'd never let anyone touch her in such a manner
and she didn't know how to react. As Tiffany continued to slow stroke her
nipples, they became even more distended, now almost one inch! Elfi felt like
her hard going nipple were going to break off in the hands of this Woman. It
felt wonderful!.

  "Elfi, how does this feel, Me squeezing your little nipples?". Elfi, her short
breathing becoming harder by the moment replied, "It, it feels nice...really
nice." Tiffany just smiled. She knew now Elfi was Her's to do with as She
pleased.

   "Marsha, give Me your hands." Tiffany commanded. Marsha, still standing
behind her daughter, reached around Elfi and placed her hands in Mrs.Tiffany's.
Tiffany replaced her fingers with Marsha's, and told her, "Feel her nipples,
Marsha stroke them. They're just like yours. Maybe we can get them to squirt
milk like your's do." Mistress Tiffany said smiling with Her red painted Lips.

 Marsha couldn't believe she was tweaking her own daughter's nipples, standing
on a coffee table, in the house of her neigh-bor, her New Mistress. As Marsha
continued stroking her daughter's breasts, she could feel the soft warm skin of
Elfi's back caressing her nipples. Elfi's round butt fit nicely into Marsha's
pussy. Marsha humped her daughter's ass and rubbed her nipples across Elfi's
back.

   The actions of her Mother did not go unnoticed by Elfi, "Oh Mom, that feels
so good, please don't stop," whispered Elfi.

   Mrs.Tiffany became more turned on as She watched this Mother and Daughter
team become more aroused before Her. Tiffany had to taste this sweet young Elfi
thing standing before her. Tiffany bend down and grabbed Elfi's ankles, lifting
them, She lifted the lower half of her dainty body, bringing her legs over Her
shoulders. This caused Elfi's  pussy to be only inches in front of Mrs.Tiffany's
mouth.

   Elfi's upper torso was resting against Marsha's body. Elfi's pussy lips were
now parted, her slit was wet with precum, Mrs.  Tiffany said.

  "Elfi Girl, your pussy is so wet, and it smells so sweet, you're really turned
on by this aren't you?".
    Elfi, embarrassed by her own body's betrayal, only responded, "Yes."
  "That's My Good Girl," said Mrs.Tiffany.
"In just a second, I'm going to make you feel like you've never felt before
dear. Marsha, tell Elfi what she's about to experience."

   Marsha knew what Tiffany was talking about, she'd already experienced first
hand the talented tongue of her Mistress and knew what Elfi now was about to
experience.

  "Elfi, Mistress Tiffany will taste your Peehole, will make you feel so good".
Tiffany pulled Elfi's pussy closer to Her mouth, inhaling Elfi's fragrance. Then
Mrs. Tiffany planted a warm, open mouth kiss on Elfi's lips.

  The young Girl's hips pulled back at the initial touch of Tiffany's lips, but
then relaxed as a warm feeling began to flow from her pussy all the way up to
the hard points of her nipples being stroked by her Mother. Tiffany's tongue
stroked Elfi from the top of her slit, across her opening, and down between her
ass cheeks.

  Tiffany was able to hold Elfi's leg open and lift her up as She pleased. Her
upper body strength paid off as She held the young Girl's weight on her
shoulders and grasping her buttocks in Her strong hands, squeezing them as if
she were kneading bread dough. Her tongue slipped up toward Elfi's virgin pink
asshole.

  Elfi was squirming all over, her nerve sensors were in overdrive. She couldn't
get enough of Tiffany's tongue; it felt heavenly as She played her like a
violin.

 Tiffany tickled her pink rosebud and felt it twitch. She then applied pressure
and her tongue penetrated the opening. Elfi was experiencing feelings that she'd
never felt before. Tiffany loved the feelings of having Elfi's firm asscheeks
pressed hard against Her cheeks. Her asshole tasted so fresh... Tiffany could
eat her for hours, but decided to wait as She licked Her way back up to her
pussy.

  Boy, was she wet. Elfi must have really enjoyed the ass rimming I'd just given
her. Elfi's labia had spread open and her inner lips were now exposed. Tiffany
drove her tongue deep into her slit, searching out her hymen. Pulling her pussy
tight against Her lips, Msr.Tiffany was able to reach the thin membrane and
caress it with Her long wet tongue. Elfi lost all control
and flooded Tiffany's mouth with her come.

   Elfi's first climax was overpowering as she slumped back against her own
Mother's body. Marsha, now feeling her daughters nipples grow even stiffer in
her finger-tips, knew her only daughter had just experienced her first orgasm as
she felt Elfi's body stiffen and then relax in her arms. She knew exactly what
Elfi was going through as she had just had her pussy and asshole made love to by
her Mistress; a feeling which she hoped to experience soon again.

    Tiffany eased off the pressure of Her hot tongue in Elfi's pussy as She felt
her juices gush forth into Her mouth. Elfi,  tasted wonderful and could have
remained attached to her pussy forever, but Tiffany had other plans.

  She wanted to bring this young Girl into Her world slowly, so she would Obey
only Her, not her Mother. Tiffany slowly eased her mouth off of Elfi's pussy,
lowering her legs back onto the ground. She stepped toward the dazed young Girl
and slowly lowered Her Lipsticked mouth onto Elfi's mouth. Elfi, awoke from her
dazed state with the realization that she was being kissed by her Mistress,
softly on her wet lips, a kiss that included her own juices from between her
legs. Why wasn't she now repulsed tasting her own juices? All Elfi felt was the
animal arousal which this Woman seemed to bring to the surface from within her
body.

  Marsha just watched as Mistress Tiffany seduced her daughter. She was
powerless to intervene. What would Elfi think of her, would she hate her?.

   Tiffany felt the resistance in Elfi's lips fade away. She knew Her Lesbian
kiss would break down a Woman's resistance to Her seduction. She knew one of the
more sensitive erogenous zones on a female was her mouth and She was going to
attack it for all it was worth. The Lesbian kiss lasted for what seemed like an
hour to Elfi, but she didn't care.

  She felt now so safe and comfortable sandwiched between her Mother and her new
Mistress. She melted under Ms Tiffany's expert talented lips, eagerly accepting
the wet tongue which had just brought her so much pleasure a minute ago. She
could still taste her juices, she enjoyed her taste and wanted the kiss to
continue, but it stopped. She felt Tiffany slip from her arms and watched as She
left the room.

The view of her backside was intoxicating, Her buttocks, full and firm, Her
muscular legs looked great with those high heels.

  Marsha also watched Tiffany depart the room and wondered what she was up too.
Then Marsha came back to her senses and realized if she was to save her
daughter, it would have to be now, when the sinful influence of her Mistress was
not so strong.

  Marsha spoke, "Elfi, you've got to leave now while Mistress Tiffany is gone.
I'm don't have the willpower to deny Her when She's in the same room with me.
You've got to save yourself."

  Elfi was frightened by what her Mother had said? save herself?? She knew that
this, what had just occurred was wrong, that being naked and doing the things
she was doing with this Woman and HER MOTHER were wrong, BUT she also knew that
a new chapter in her life had been opened up and she wasn't sure she was ready
to close the book on it yet.

   "Mom, I can't leave you here, you don't have any power to fight Her off.
Maybe, we together can overcome Mrs. Tiffany's power of seduction and save us
both."

To be continued

If you liked this story, let me know if it should be continued.  If not, then
don't email me and I'll get the message.

  Thanks Marsha
e-mail: mom of une@aol.com




				MARSHA MEETS HER NEIGHBOR

By Marsha W.


Chapter 4

  Before Marsha could answer, Mrs. Tiffany Tiffany walked back into the room
wearing her long satin, red gown splitted at the site, which flowed down to Her
ankles. Both Marsha and Elfi noticed an obvious bulge in front of the Sexy red
gown She was wearing by her crotch. Both were puzzled and yet transfixed by the
sight of it.

  "Mistress, I don't want my daughter now involved in this anymore, You can do
with Me as you please, but I beg you again, to let Elfi go."

  Mistress Tiffany slowly approached both naked Girls, She knew Her powers of
persuasion could not be denied by either one and Her next plan of action would
seal their fate.

 "So Marsha, you don't think your little Girl is ready to experience the dark
side of love, do you? I feel differently, I know what I felt and tasted when I
kissed her little pussy and asshole. I felt her juices as she exploded in My
mouth. Let's let Elfi decide if she's really ready to leave behind the pleasures
she's been exposed too."

  They both turned and looked at Elfi.  She looked down and spoke, "No Mistress,
I, I'm not ready to leave. I'am, I want to stay and have you Teach me."

    Marsha was shocked by her daughter's words. What could have possibly changed
her mind in such a short time. The only conceivable answer had to be her
Mistress and Her ability to control Her Subjects.

  "That's My good Girl", Mistress Tiffany said. "I'm going to open your body and
your mind up to pleasures you've never thought they possible. We'll begin right
now!. I want you, My little sweet Princess Elfi, to take your Mother over to the
stool in the middle of the floor. Have her stand on it. Then, I want you My
sweet Girl, to prepare your Mother to receive My manhood!".

   With that, Mistress Tiffany pulled the flap of her, Sexy long red silken,
Gown to the side to display the biggest cock Marsha had ever seen before. Little
Elfi had seen only pictures of the male penis in her health books at school, but
this didn't look like any of those.

  This black cock was strapped around Her Mistress's waist, with a black strap
which appeared to pass between Her legs and up between the crack of Her
beautiful ass, holding the cock securely and pointed upward. The size was
another matter, it was huge! Marsha had never seen a cock this big. Elfi, on the
other hand, having never had sex with a man before or having never seen a penis
in it's erect state, had nothing to compare it against.

  "Come on Mom, let's get you ready to pleasure Our Mistress."
  "Elfi," her Mother said, "She'll kill me with Her cock if She tries to fuck me
with it." But Elfi took her Mothers hand and led her up on the stool.

  "Elfi My darling Girl, I want you to do to your Mother what I did to you just
a minute ago. Do you think you can do this for Your Mstress Tiffany?".
  "Yes Mistress, I'll do as You command."  With that, Elfi's little hand slipped
between her Mother's legs.
  "Elfi, please don't do this," her Mother pleaded.

  Elfi's dainty, little fingers cupped her Mother's pussy lips and found they
were quite wet. She ran her finger through her slit, feeling it getting wetter
the deeper her finger slipped.
   Marsha involuntarily parted her legs, giving Elfi greater access to her sex.
Elfi smiled knowing that it was she who was causing this wetness to occur. She
slowly inserted another finger into the slit, also gathering up more lubricant
seeping from her Mother's hole.

 "Elfi My Girl," Mistress Tiffany said, "take all your fingers, get them real
wet with Our Slut juices, and stroke your Mother's pussy inside."

  Elfi did as she was told. Her whole hand by now was wet with her Mother's
juices.

  "That's MY sweet Girl," said Mistress Tiffany. "We need to prepare her for My
cock. Put your thumb into the palm of your hand and curl your fingers somewhat
like this."

  Mistress Tiffany held Her hand up... She knew this is how the hand must be
shaped if it was to be inserted into a vagina.

  "Now Elfi My lil Princess, slowly push your whole hand up into her pussy!".
Elfi slowly worked her hand into her Mother's pussy.

  "Elfi, don't do it, you'll stretch me to far, it'll hurt too much," Marsha
pleaded.
    
  "Nonsense," Mistress Tiffany shouted, "Your pussy stretched a lot further than
that when you had My little Elfi, so now stop whining and enjoy it. Elfi My
darling princess, curl your fingers up as I'm instructed!". And just as her
Mistress had promised, her entire hand slipped past the entrance and into
Marsha's womb.

  "Elfi, feel at the top of her vagina, do you feel that spongy substance,
that's a very erogenous zone for all women. Move your fingers across it gently."
When she did this, her Mother moaned and started squirming around on the stool,
almost falling off.

  "See the effect your having on Our Slut, your Mother, she can't stand still it
feels so good," said Mistress Tiffany. Elfi was glad she was able to bring such
pleasure to her Mother.

  "Okay Elfi, didn't I tell you it really wouldn't hurt the Slut, your Mom?".
Mistress Tiffany was training Her newest, youngest Slave Girl, to trust Her and
win over her confidence from her Mother.

  "How does it feel Slave Marsha to have Our Daughter's, My little Girl's whole
hand inside your body?".

  Marsha couldn't speak, at least not at the moment. The feeling of being so
full had taken her to a new plateau of sexual arousal. The feelings being
generated by her daughter went beyond thoses Mistress Tiffany had taken her too
previously out by the pool. Mistress Tiffany understood Marsha's non-response,
this was exactly what She had wanted.

   Marsha broke her silence when she said, "Oh God, Elfi, I'm coming!". Marsha
nearly fell to the ground by the force of her orgasm. She'd never experienced
anything like it before. She soaked her daughter's, her Mistress's Girl's hand
down to the elbow with her juices. Her breasts feelt like they were going to
explode off her chest. She looked down at her nipples and they stood out a good
inch and a half from her breast. She didn't know her nipples could extend that
far. 

  It was when she was looking down at her chest that she caught sight of her lil
daughter looking directly into her eyes.  Elfi had taken on a new sexy glow, one
resembling her Mistress when she had sucked her to a climax. Was Elfi falling
under this woman's spell? Had she lost all control over her daughter to this
mean Enchantress?.

  Elfi couldn't believe the power she was projecting over this Slut, her Mother.
She saw how weak she had made her, how very vulnerable she had become to her
touch, how willing she had become to letting Elfi do as she pleased with her
body. So, Elfi thought to herself, this is how it must feel to control someone
sexually. How you train someone to become "your" sex slave.

 Mistress Tiffany approached Elfi now from behind. Resting Her hand on Elfi's
bare shoulder, She said, "Good Girl Elfi! Our Slut, your Mom is ready now to
accept My cock."

  Elfi withdrew her hand from her Mother's pussy, it was soaked to her elbow.
Elfi stepped aside while Mistress Tiffany dropped her robe to the ground.

    Marsha stood before Tiffany like a sacrificial lamb awaiting its fate.
  
   Mistress Tiffany really presented quite a striking appearance, standing six
foot tall, her 38C breasts riding high on her broad chest, a trim waist which
flowed in to Her rounded broad hips, not to big, but proportioned to Her body
frame. Her sexy garter belt framed Her cock nicely.

   Marsha stood before her Mistress like a deer caught in the headlights of a
car. She numbly felt her legs being lifted up under her knees. Mistress Tiffany
lifted up her whole body like a little rag doll, supporting her body in Her
hands, Marsha's hands went around the back of Mistress Tiffany's neck. Marsha
was quickly brought back to reality when she felt that horse size cock bump
against her pussy lips.

   "Come here My Princess Elfi", Mistress Tiffany said, "help Me put My cock
inside Our Sluttish Slave."

   Elfi was taken aback by what she saw... her Mother being held in the arms of
a gorgeous Woman, suspended over a 12' cock, about to be speared up by it and
she was going to be a willing participant in making this happen.

  What had happened to the once innocent 13 year old Girl? who never would have
dreamed she'd be doing what she had done over the past two hours?.

   Elfi approached them and grasp Mistress Tiffany's cock, Her cock, thought
Elfi. She knew it was a fake false cock, but on Mistress Tiffany, it looked so
real. As she guided the strap-on dildo towards her Mother's pussy, Elfi was
awestruck by how strong this Woman must be, to be able to hold her Mother like
she was a mere child. As she slipped the head past her Mother's lips, she heard
her groan. 

    Looking up, she saw Mistress Tiffany kissing her Mother, and she was kissing
Mistress Tiffany back. It was just as if Elfi wasn't even there, neither woman
paid her any attention. They were too involved in making love to each other.

    Elfi watched her Mother being lowered onto that huge cock, watched her eyes
open wide as her pussy expanded to accept its oversized girth, watched as inch
after inch, her Mistress'es cock sunk deeper into her Mother.

 "Slave Marsha, how does My cock feel in your tight little pussy?".
 Marsha didn't hear her Mistress at first, she was solely focused on how full
she felt, wondering if she'd be able to take the whole cock in her pussy.

  "Oh Mistress, your cock feels soooo gooood!".
  "Better than your former husband's cock?".
  "Mistress, please don't make me answer that question in front of my daughter,"
Marsha replied.

  Mistress Tiffany surprised both Marsha and Elfi when She swung her powerful
arm and slapped Marsha on her ass.

  "Elfi isn't Your daughter anymore! She's My Princess, Our sweet Girl!".

  When Marsha felt the slap, she initially felt pain, but then a warm, glow
spread across her buttocks. Then another blow fell on the other cheek of her
ass. This time, only pleasure was felt.

  Marsha just moaned after the second slap. Mistress Tiffany was pleased by the
unexpected response to her slap. Mistress Tiffany seemed to have awakened an
unknown feeling in her slave, a feeling Mistress Tiffany would pursue at another
time.

  Elfi also was surprised by the slaps to her Mother's butt, but most surprising
was the response she saw coming from her slut Mother. Could this have real
caused her to derive some sort of pleasure from being spanked?? When she used to
be spanked by her Mom, she didn't remember it feeling that good? She noticed,
however, when Mistress Tiffany slapped her ass, her Mom would moan softly and
sink further down on Mistress Tiffany's cock. The more She slapped, the more
cock She fed into Her own pussy.

  Slap after slap rained down upon her Mother's butt, until it had turned to a
pretty pink hue. By the time the slapping had ended, Marsha had swallowed the
entire 12 inches of cock inside her now stretched pussy.

  Marsha couldn't believe it when she felt Mistress Tiffany's balls bounce
against her cunt. She had taken all of that horse cock inside her body. It felt
like it was lodged deep in her cervix, a place nothing had ever been at before.
Mistress Tiffany was pleased that Her slave had taken all of Her cock. She began
to rotate Her hips, drawing Her cock out to where only the broad head was left
lodged between the wet Marsha's pussy lips, then She plunged it in to the hilt.

    Marsha climaxed that very instant, not even knowing whether if it was the
sheer forcing of the penetration or whether a combination of that and having her
little daughter present while her Mistress fucked her so deeply.

 Elfi sat back on her heels, looking up at Mistress Tiffany's cock plunging in
and out of her Mother. Over and over Mistress Tiffany rammed Her cock into her
Mother as she watched her juices drip off the balls attached to the cock. Her
Mother's head was resting on Mistress Tiffany shoulder as she hung there in her
Mistress's arms, with her legs wrapped around Her waist.

   Mistress Tiffany continued to fuck her for over fifteen minutes; Marsha had
lost count the number of sweet climaxes she had experienced. She had gone limp
and weak from the number and intensity of her climaxes.

  She felt Mistress Tiffany's fingers touch her butt hole, testing it and then
sinking in to the first knuckle. Marsha immediately felt the stirrings of yet
another strong orgasm. As Mistress Tiffany continued to pump Her cock into
Marsha. She inserted the second finger into her ass; that did it. Marsha passed
out, her legs fell off from Mistress Tiffany's hips.

   "Elfi, I want you to go to My dresser, open the top drawer". Elfi did as she
was told. She was beginning to worry about her Mom, she still hadn't come too
yet. 

   Mistress Tiffany could see the concern in the young Girl's face, and said,
"Don't worry about Our Slave Marsha, she's still coming from the fucking I gave
her, she'll be okay in minute. In fact, you're going to help me bring her back
to life. Do you see the red strap one just like the one your Mother is hanging
from on my hips?".

  Elfi looked into the drawer, there was the most unusual shaped cock she had
ever seen, and the biggest! It had pointed spikes protruding from it and it must
have been at least 15 inches long and just as thick as the one Mistress Tiffany
was wearing.

  "Elfi, strap YOUR COCK on. I'm going to have you help Me bring Our Slave
Marsha back to life."

  Elfi reached into the drawer and touched the strap-on. The red spiked dildo
was so soft and pliable, but it was also pretty heavy. Having watched how the
cock fit on Mistress Tiffany, Elfi stepped into the straps.

  "Elfi, you look Enchanting", Mistress Tiffany said. "Turn around and look at
yourself in the mirror. Wrap your fingers around Your cock, that's right Your
cock. Do you feel it's power? When you get Your cock up your Mother's ass,
you'll feel the power that transcends from it into your body and mind."

  Elfi looked at herself in the mirror and couldn't believe how beautiful she
looked. It was as if the cock was actually hers, not just strapped to her body.
She had to reach down and grasp it in her hands. Her little fingers couldn't
reach around the shaft. The spikes tickled her palm, she thought that it might
feel the same to the person who was being fucked by it. That person, she
thought, was going to be her own MOTHER.

  "Come here Elfi, let's really make your Mom happy and bring her out of her
deep climatic sleep. Take that KY Jelly off the dresser, rub it up and down Your
cock. That's right, I'm going to lie down on the bed with your slut Mom on top
of Me. That should bring her ass high up to the right height for you to
penetrate your Mom's ass hole". Mistress Tiffany replied.

  She couldn't believe what a willing participant Elfi had become. Not only had
She successfully gotten Elfi to stick her fist into her own Mother's pussy in
the living room earlier, she was now about to fuck her own Mother's sluttish
ass.

 Elfi felt so grown up and powerful in the presence of Mistress Tiffany, a woman
who made her feel important. She was now the center of her attention, not her
Mother. Elfi wanted to please Mistress Tiffany again by following her
instructions.

   She approached the bed and saw her Mother's splayed buttocks before her, that
big black cock still buried to the hilt inside her pussy. Her little pink
rosebud winked at Elfi as she approached the bed.  Mistress Tiffany's legs were
draped over the side of the bed with her feet resting on the carpet. Marsha's
ass was high in the air, making her asshole an easy target for Elfi's cock. As
she stood next to the bed, she spread her Mothers ass cheeks as far as she could
to make room for her big cock. Bending her knees slightly, the mushroom head
touched her little pink rosebud.

  Her Mother, still in a trance like sleep, was relaxed, which made the initial
penetration easier. The KY Jelly helped lubricate her asshole and with a little
force, Elfi was able to sink the head of her cock into her Mother. Marsha had
awakened and was a little dizzy and unfamiliar with her surroundings.

  She remembered passing out while riding her Mistress's cock, but now she was
on her on knees, her Mistress's cock still buried deep in her womb, but
something was different. She froze, felt her asshole now being penetrated by
what felt like was a telephone pole. With her pussy already full of her
Mistress's cock, the sudden intrusion of her asshole by someone was more than
Marsha could stand.

  She let out a cry for the person to stop trying to fuck her in the ass. She
just wondered who was this man. There was no one in the house except for her
Mistress and HER DAUGHTER, ELFI.

   Looking over her shoulder, Marsha was able to see in the mirror who was
trying to rape her ass, it was her OWN DAUGHTER, ELFI. Just as she felt she
couldn't stand it anymore, Elfi stopped her penetration to let her Mom grow
accustomed to the size of her cock.

  "Elfi, spank your Mother's ass, hard.  That'll make her forget about the huge
cock in her ass". And then Elfi, in order to please her Mistress, and because
she had seen how her Mother seemed to like to be spanked, lifted her little arm
and brought it down hard on her Mother's ripe ass.

  "Elfi, please don't spank me," her slut Mother pleaded. Elfi knew her Mother
did really liked her butt to be spanked, so she continued to slap both hot red
cheeks, watching them turn to a bright red. Each slap enabled Elfi to push
another inch of cock into her asshole, until she finally had the entire cock
buried in her Mother's ass.

   Elfi nearly climaxed, her clit was one big raw nerve ending. Each time she
thrust her cock, her climax got closer and closer as her clit bumped against the
hard nodule located on the back of her cock. Her slut Mother was lying still, on
top of their's Mistress now, resting from her multiple climaxes.

  Elfi grabbed a hold of her Mother's hips and began to saw her cock in and out
of her asshole. Each stroke brought her close to her own climax. She began to
pound away, for a good ten minutes, until she felt a warm glow, deep within her
pussy, she knew the feeling from before and knew the pleasure which would soon
be hers in just a few minutes.

  Marsha couldn't believe the pleasure of having both of her holes stuffed with
a cock. Each movement sent shivers through her clit, into her cervix and now,
into her womb. She had two huge cocks lodged in her and all she could do was lie
there and let them have their way.

  She could feel her daughters hot juices coating the cock in her ass, helping
to lubricate the deep strokes she was taking.  Elfi seemed to be enjoying
fucking her, she was really pounding away in her ass, causing Marsha to climax
again... how much more could she take?.

  Mistress Tiffany, tired of playing the passive partner in this double-fuck of
her slave, motioned for Elfi to dislodge her cock from her Mother's ass.

  Elfi, disappointed at having to stop, pulled slowly out of her Mom's ass. She
looked down and saw her asshole remained open, Elfi wondered if it ever would
shrink back to its normal size. Mistress Tiffany rolled Marsha off on her side
on the bed. Mistress Tiffany's black cock waved wetly in the air.

   "Elfi, come here and suck My cock," Mistress Tiffany commanded.

  Elfi knew the juice on Her cock was from her Mother's climax, but She
hesitantly crawled up between her Mistress's leg's, grasping the mighty cock and
slipped her lips over it's huge head. Her first taste of pussy, her Mother's hot
pussy, and she found the taste didn't repulse her, in fact, it turned her on
knowing that it was her Mom's pussy juice she was savoring.  Elfi gave Mistress
Tiffany a long, slow suck.

   Marsha, lying on her side watched her little Girl suck on Her Mistress'es
cock. That same cock that had just fucked her so thoroughly, her juices coating
its long shaft. Her daughter's small mouth barely fit over the large head.

  Marsha felt the guilt of having gotten her daughter involved in this. She knew
it was wrong, Elfi was so young and innocent, yet as she watched her lovingly
suck on her Mistress'es cock, Marsha felt that familiar stirring in her pussy,
she was actually getting turned on while watching her daughter suck that huge
cock, her firm little butt raised up in the air, the wet long, thick spiked cock
dangling between her little legs.

Mistress Tiffany looked down at Elfi; Her pussy starting to quiver from the
pressure of the knob being pressed unknowingly by Elfi as she sucked Her cock.
Then Mistress Tiffany glanced over at Marsha and smiled as she watched Elfi's
mother stare in dis-believe as her daughter sucked Her cock.

  Mistress Tiffany now reached down and slipped her fingers through the soft
long strands of Elfi's hair, guiding her head up and down as she sucked as much
of Her cock as she could manage to take down her little throat. Mistress Tiffany
grasped her head and pulled her face off her cock, encouraging Elfi to slide up
her body.

  As Elfi felt her Mistress pulling her up on top of her, she also felt her
Mistress' cock brush across her stiff, hard nipples, then her firm tummy, until
finally, her cock was pressed tightly against her Mistress'es, her little
breasts pressed firmly into her Mistress'. Elfi felt so warm and secure, her
naked flesh kissing her Mistress'es.

   Mistress Tiffany rolled Elfi over onto her back, her legs parting on their
own, allowing Mistress Tiffany to lay between those firm, little legs. Reaching
down, Mistress Tiffany lifted Her legs up and wrapped them around her back. She
looked down at the young Girl beneath Her, only Elfi's strap on kept Mistress
Tiffany's cock from slipping into the young Girl's pussy.

  "Marsha", reach over and unhook Elfi's cock from her hips, said Mistress
Tiffany. Marsha, without hesitation, reached over and unstrapped the cock,
pulling it off her daughter's hips. Marsha immediately realized why her Mistress
had requested Elfi's cock to be taken off as she saw her Mistress raise her hips
up and slip her cock between her daughter's legs.

  Elfi couldn't have stopped her now even if she wanted too, her legs were
wrapped around Mistress Tiffany's waist, her tight pussy lay open to her
Mistress'es large cock.

  Mistress Tiffany, first looking over at Marsha, then turning. She slowly
lowered her red painted Mouth down over Elfi's smaller, full lips. It was
electric for them both as their mouths made contact. Mistress Tiffany kissed the
young Girl, softly at first.

  She let her lips caress Elfi's, feeling her lips begin to kiss back. Then
Mistress Tiffany pressed her hot mouth firmly over Elfi's as she slipped Her
tongue between Elfi's yielding lips.

  Mistress Tiffany had never tasted a more innocent mouth before... her breath
was heavenly. Her tongue danced around the young Girl's mouth, until she slipped
it to the opening of Elfi's throat. Feeling no resistance, only the heavy
breathing through Elfi's nose, Mistress Tiffany slipped her long tongue deep
down Elfi's throat. And in a deep throaty Lesbian kiss Mistress Mistress Tiffany
bound the young Girl even more into Her dark Lesbian Web of Dominance and
Submission..

  Elfi was on cloud nine. She'd never been kissed like this before. The kiss
made her tingle all the way down to her toes.

  Mistress Tiffany's mouth tasted so sweet thought Elfi. She loved the feel of
her lips as they pressed tightly around hers. Elfi was also acutely aware of
Mistress Tiffany's large breasts pressed tightly into hers. Her nipples felt
like pokers burning into her nipples as Mistress Tiffany magically applied just
the right amount of pressure.

  When Elfi felt her Mistress'es tongue press against her throat, she unbeknown
instinctively tensed up, but then relaxed as it slipped down her throat.
Mistress Tiffany's tongue seemed to go on forever thought Elfi as her breathing
became some what difficult. As Mistress Tiffany now sensed Elfi's uneasiness,
She pulled her tongue back, afraid it might cause the young Girl to gag.

  Marsha, watching her Mistress kiss her young daughter, knew what Elfi did
really experiencing at this moment.

 She knew the effects of a kiss from her Mistress must be having on her
daughter.  How helpless she was to such an assault from a woman who knew how to
turn another woman on, simply from a kiss. As Marsha continued to watch, she saw
Elfi's throat bulge, god, she must be French kissing her, thought Marsha. The
bulge grew down her daughter's neck as Mistress Tiffany continued her tongue
fucking of the mouth  from her daughter.

Marsha noticed how Elfi's hips were highly thrusting up against Mistress
Tiffany's cock. She saw how wet the huge cock was becoming, wet as it slid
between the blood engorged lips of her daughter's pussy lips. The cock was also
lubricating Elfi's little asshole as it slipped between her firm buttocks. It
looked so obscene to Marsha, to see another Woman mounting her young daughter, a
big black cock running between the lips of her daughter's tender pussy,
caressing both her pussy and asshole with each stroke.

  Mistress Tiffany knew it was high time to initiate Elfi into the world of
lesbian love. The excitement of being her first lover was too much for Mistress
Tiffany. Just from thinking about what was about to happen caused Mistress
Tiffany to experience a mild orgasm.

  The kiss of life continued as Mistress Tiffany adjusted Her cock over Her
little lover. Mistress Tiffany wanted this to be the perfectest moment, She just
wanted to ensure that Both of these Women would be Hers to do with as She
pleased.

  In a commanding voice, Mistress Tiffany instructed Marsha to take her cock and
place it at the entrance to her daughter's virginal pussy. Marsha, in a trance
like state, reached out and guided the warm black cock toward the entrance of
her daughter's little pussy.

  Mistress Tiffany smiled down at Elfi who laid quietly beneath Her. Her face
glowed with the heat of the moment.

  "Elfi, your Mother has guided My cock to the entrance of your little pussy, do
you want Me to be the one to take your cherry?  Your virginity?", asked Mistress
Mistress Tiffany seductively.

   Elfi was so totally aroused by all that had happened that she said, "Yes
Mistress, please make me a Woman. Please fuck me like you fucked my Mother."

  Mistress Tiffany looked to her left and smiled at Marsha. "I'm going to fuck
your lovely sweet daughter and I want you to lay your head between Our legs and
suck My cock each time I pull it out of your sweet daughter's tight pussy."

  Marsha slipped between her Mistress' and Elfi's legs, her head only inches
from her daughter's pussy. She saw the big black cock lodged between Elfi's
vulva, it's head passing between the lips as it made it's way forward toward's
her hymen.  Mistress Tiffany bend forward and whispered into Elfi's ear.

   "Elfi, you're My special, little Girl now. There will always be a special
bond between us... you'll love Me for the rest of your Life, because I'll be the
one who took your maidenhead".

  With that, She slipped her long tongue slowly into Elfi's ear. Elfi gasped at
what her Mistress had whispered into her ear, and as she felt now her tongue
slip deeply into her ear. At the same moment, she winced in pain as her
maidenhead gave way to her Mistress'es big cock. Elfi wrapped her legs tightly
around her sweet Mistress' waist as the pain continued, the long cock continued
it's path down into areas she'd never felt before.

  Mistress Tiffany paused as she felt the maidenhead break, giving her body time
to adjust to the size of Her cock. Mistress Tiffany had never felt such a tight
pussy before... Elfi was going to be her little favorite Girl fuck, She'd never
would getting tired to fuck her young lover! As She felt Elfi begin to raise her
hips up, a sign Mistress Tiffany had been waiting for.

  Mistress Tiffany began to feed Her cock to Her young lover's cunt, slowly,
inch by inch, plowing new fertile territory.

  Marsha stared in wonder and amazement as she watched Elfi's pussy open to
accommo-date the big intruder.

  She watched as Mistress Tiffany expertly guided her cock deeper and deeper
into her young daughter, careful to touch all sides while being sure to make
contact with her fully engorged clitoris. Mistress Tiffany really knew how to
fuck a Woman.

    As the cock was pulled free of Elfi's pussy, Marsha instinctively wrapped
her lips around it. She tasted her daughter's juices, not repulsed but excited
at how sweet Elfi's juices tasted. She released the cock, once cleaned, and
watched it disappear into Elfi's little pussy, now over half of it buried in her
daughter's pussy.

To be continued...

If you liked this story, let me know if it should be continued.  If not, then
don't email me and I'll get the message.

  Thanks Marsha
e-mail: mom of une@aol.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marsha


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





