BDSM Library - Amanda's Big Mistake




Amanda's Big Mistake
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda awakes only to find she is strapped down on a table. As she desperately tries to understand what is happening; her mind begins to play tricks with her. This is a true story.
Introduction

     Amanda awakes only to find she is strapped onto a table. As she desperately
tries to understand what is happening; her mind begins to play tricks with her.
This is a true story; and proves that an uncontrollable imagination can
sometimes be dangerous.




                          By Angelgirl

                           Amanda's Big Mistake [Book3]
     

As I lay on my back I could feel the cool air licking my body.  I knew there was
a thin fabric covering me but underneath I was naked.  I tried to open my eyes
but for some reason I was surrounded in darkness.  As I tried to lift my arms I
felt the straps that bound my wrists down tightly.  I was soon aware that my
entire body was strapped down onto what felt like a hard table.  I tried to
force my mind to clear, to understand how this could be happening to me.  Why
was I strapped to this table, and how did I get here?  My mind was spinning
wildly and I felt as if I was floating high in the air; as if I was only
half-awake.  I could sense vibrations underneath me that must have been coming
from the table.  I heard the squeaking sounds that wheels make.  

"Someone is pushing me on a table," I thought fearfully. 

"Who is there?  Why are you doing this to me?"  I yelled in a pleading tone.

"I'm surprised you're still awake," I heard a man's voice saying above me.  "I
guess I will need to give you another injection." 

"Please let me go.  I'm so scared," I began to beg. 

"I was pleasantly surprised when I realized it was you Mandi," the voice said
again.  This time I noticed it had a strangely familiar ring to it. 

'Oh God, he knows me, he knows who I am,' I thought as panic filled my heart. 
"Who are you?"  I pleaded as tears began to pour down my cheeks. 

"Don't you recognize my voice?"  I heard him say, almost sarcastically.  "It's
me, Bruce; Bruce Steel." 

"Noooooooooo!!!!!!!"  I screamed out, unable to control myself as my mind raced
back to where I had first seen that name. 

He had responded by e-mail to one of my stories I had posted on the Internet. 
It was after I posted my second story that I saw his response.  He told me he
loved, "Amanda's Secret Memories."  We quickly became good friends.[so I
thought]. 

Our correspondence was innocent at first, but quickly developed into a sexual
theme.  His letters always caused me to rip my panties off and masturbate. 
Moreover, it seems I did the same to him with my letters.  I even sent him three
pictures of myself masturbating on my bed.  It wasn't long before I had given
him my phone number. 

He phoned me almost every night; I never knew that phone sex could be so
fulfilling.  It wasn't because of me that we had never met.  I had asked him on
several occasions if he wanted to meet me.  He told me that I wasn't ready to
know who he was.  He said that if I learned of his identity too quickly, I would
be horrified.  I never believed him; that is, UNTIL NOW!

When the table finally stopped rolling it jolted me back to reality.  Somehow,
Bruce must have abducted me.  I knew that I had been drugged; my head was
spinning so wildly that I could hardly stay conscious.  Then I felt a sharp
prick in my arm and knew that someone had just stuck a hypodermic needle into
it.  I could feel the cool fluid rushing into my vein. 

"It is time for you to sleep," he said coolly.  "I promise not to remove
anything of importance while you are out.  I consider myself a master with the
knife." 

I couldn't hear his voice any longer; only the strange numbness that was
traveling from my knees to the very tip of my nose.  At the same time I felt the
sheet being removed; it no longer covered my body.  His warm hands rested on my
tummy and it felt like he was pushing down with the weight of an elephant; the
pain was terrible. 

"Please, please," I begged.  "Please stop, please stop." 

The words were echoing only in my mind; I was unable to open my mouth.  The
numbness had completely overtaken my body.  I felt myself drifting into
unconsciousness; the darkness was all around me.  I fought with all my strength
to remain conscious.  It would have been so much easier to give in and slip
away.  Then all of a sudden it was as though a bright light had just burst
before my eyes.  I peered through the haze into the light and could see a hand
in front of my face.  It was as if it were my very own.  It was holding a
gleaming scalpel, poised over a soft plain of quivering flesh.  As my senses
cleared, I could see that it was the belly of a woman.  I watched through the
eyes of the holder as he plunged the knife into her belly.  A small squirt of
blood shot into the air.  The eyes that I had no control over slowly began to
look upward past the girl's naked breasts, till they rested on her face. 

"EEEEEEEEeeeeeeAAAAAAAAaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!" I heard myself screaming into the
darkness.  I was looking down onto my body.  He was cutting into my belly. 

"Oh God, no!!  Please, please," I begged.  "Please don't let this be happening!" 

There was no one to hear my pleadings; it was as though I didn't exist.  I
watched as the knife drew a line on my belly.  Blood was running from the large
slash that was beginning to appear. 

"Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!"  I screamed in terror as the blackness
began to overtake me.  This time I did not fight; this time I welcomed it.                    

Only He Existed Now!  ONLY HIM.... ..........  ONLY  BRUCE.............. 
ONLY.......  "BRUCE STEEL"---

The first time I saw her name, "Angel Girl", I was intrigued by her.  It has
been a little over a year since I first saw it in a chat room.  I was very
active in these rooms using names like Dr.  Death, The Rapist, Ted Bundy, etc. 
I really enjoy scaring women.  I love threatening them and telling them that I
will find them, rape and torture them.  However, I had a different feeling about
this "Angel Girl".  Her name just sat quietly on the screen; she never typed
anything at all.  I had been thinking about trying something different; I was
getting tired of just fantasy.

Whenever I saw her name I would log in under the name 'Bruce Steel'.  I was sure
she would notice that name as no one used anything that resembled a real name
online.  After a few weeks of just monitoring the room the same as she was doing
I decided to make my move.  I wrote "Hello, Angel girl," and sent it to her by
private message. 

I continued to do this for the next few weeks; never getting a response.  I
decided to give it one more try before I gave up on her. 

"I almost feel that we are a couple of Oddballs, you and I.  We both sit in this
room without typing anything.  I've only built up enough courage to talk to you
because I feel we are somehow alike.  I am sorry for bothering you night after
night.  I promise this will be the last time."

I sent the message to her and  immediately a private message appeared on my
screen. 

"I'm sorry I have been such a prude," she answered.  "It's not really because
I'm shy that I don't write.  It's just that I'm not sure what I want to say." 

Before that night was over she had revealed so much about herself that I felt I
had known her for years.  She was a talker; I liked that.  I was recording every
word she said.  I knew that sooner or later she would reveal enough for me to
put all the pieces together.  The hunt was on.  I knew that very first night she
would soon be mine. 

Over the next few months "Angel Girl" and I chatted several times a week.  She
would tell me the events of her day, but was very careful not to reveal her
identity.  She had once told me she lived in Seattle and worked as a nurse.  It
was late October when she first told me about the stories she had written and
posted on the internet.  She said she had been afraid to tell me about them
because she feared I might hate her.  She said they came from her darkest side. 
She told me the name of the site.  After reading her stories, my opinion of her
changed completely. 

"What a fucked up bitch"' I remember thinking.  "She is totally into violent
sex, rape, torture, and murder.  She even fantasizes about it happening to
herself.  If I handle this slut right I can have more fun with her than I ever
imagined possible."  The next time I chatted with her I told her over and over
how proud I was of her opening up to people.  I said that I also had the
feelings she did but was always too frightened to admit them, even to myself. 

She didn't answer me and her name disappeared from the chat room.  I was
beginning to feel I had somehow scared her off. 

I decided to look through the bits of information I had kept about her.  She was
twenty years old.  She had long curly blond hair and green eyes.  She was
4'11''tall and weighed 102 pounds.  She lived in Seattle and worked as a nurse. 
She told me her real name was 'ANN' but for some reason, I didn't believe that. 
I didn't have enough information to find her. 

Just before Christmas I saw her in the chat room again.  I sent her the simple
message, "Hi."  Her response exploded onto my screen; I could almost feel her
emotions.  I could tell she was crying; she was so apologetic. 

"Please forgive me for being so rude.  You are the kindest person I have ever
talked with.  You are always there for me.  You are my best friend.  I have been
having so much trouble lately," she answered. 

I knew that if I was ever going to lure this cunt into my trap that I would
never have a better chance then now.

 "I can't take your pain "Angel Girl".  It is breaking my heart.  You have
become the most important person in the world to me.  You must let me help you;
you must.  Please tell me your phone number.  Let me phone you.  Let me hold
your soul in my heart.  I know this is meant to be; you know this is meant to
be.  It is destiny that we find each other." 

'Come on, pig,' I angrily thought to myself.  'Send me your fucking phone
number.  How much more of this do you think I can put up with before I puke?' 

My eyes widened as I looked onto the screen.  There it was; her phone number.  I
phoned her immediately and was greeted by a beautiful voice; almost child like . 
I was trying to imagine what she must look like behind all the blubbering she
was doing.  I wanted to ask her what she was wearing and if her pussy was wet,
but I knew I would blow it if I asked those things now. 

"My boyfriend left me after I showed him my story ("Amanda's Nightmare")," she
said sobbing. 

"Great," I thought.  "No fucking boyfriends or husbands to worry about."  She
was wide open for that big spear into her heart and I was just the guy to give
it to her.  I knew that the hook was buried deep; all I had to do was reel her
in.  Funny thing; up to this point she hadn't asked  anything about me.  Now she
wanted to know everything.  I told her a bullshit story about how my wife and
kids were killed in a highway accident.  There isn't a cunt alive that won't cry
a big tear for that story.  I told her I had a small pig farm a little north of
Whistler in Canada, and that I lived alone. 

It didn't take long before we became good friends.  I phoned her almost every
night.  I didn't want her to know my phone number.  I told her that the heavy
winter snow had knocked down the phone line to my farm.  It would be spring
before it would be hooked up again.  I called from a different payphone every
night. 

"I have feelings like the ones in your stories but I have never been able to
talk about them to anyone before now," I confided to her. 



Angel girl decided that I was a poor soul who needed help with his sexuality. 
She would tell me how much she would like to be my slave.  She would tell me
that I could tie her to my bed and use her any way I wanted.  I would act as if
reluctant, but excited by her ideas.

 "Only if you wanted me to.  I could never hurt you," I would say in response. 

"You have to become more aggressive and act as if you are a sadist.  Tell me you
want to rape and torture me.  You know that's what turns me on," she said with a
slightly pissed off tone.  I couldn't believe that this cunt was actually trying
to teach me how to rape and torture her.  If she knew what I had planned for us
her blood would have turned cold. 

We began playing out fantasies on the phone.  I would rape and lightly torture
her; but she was always in charge; always telling me what to do.  I went along
with it knowing that I would soon have my chance to do things my way. 

By mid-January our phone sex must have been melting the lines between Seattle
and Whistler.  Our fantasies would quite often end by me hacking her up with a
butcher knife and feeding her dead flesh to my pigs. 

"She  really is a kinky bitch," I would think.  "It's when I am killing her that
she always cums.  I wonder if she really is this crazy?"  I told her that I
wanted to see her.  My request seemed to really freak her out.  I thought I had
fucked it all up and it was over.  Then suddenly, she chilled out and offered to
e-mail me a picture of herself. 

I couldn't believe how beautiful she was.  She was stunning.  She was everything
she said and more.  She was petite and looked like a model; perfect in every
way.  She sent me three pictures, all nudes.  Her breasts had these gorgeous
nipples, outstandingly erect.  As I was drooling over her pictures a light went
off in my brain.  Although these were beautiful pictures they revealed nothing 
about her.  She had managed quite well to guard against revealing anything
personal about herself in them. 

On the phone that night I talked sweet talk to her continuously.  I told her how
beautiful I thought she was.  I talked about how perfect her eyes and mouth
were.  How her breasts drove me wild with desire.  It wasn't until I was sure
that she was swooning in my pool of bullshit that I hit her right between the
eyes. 

"I have to admit "Angel Girl" that I wonder if these are really pictures of you. 
It is hard to believe you are the beautiful woman in these pictures.  It really
looks more like a professional model.  I find it hard to believe that you are
this goddess." 

"Angel Girl' began to cry like a child asking me what she could do to prove it
was really her in the pictures. 

"I'm probably the first guy in history to ask a girl to send a picture of
herself with her clothes on, after she's just finished sending me nude pictures
of herself, especially when she is so beautiful." 

"Angel Girl" didn't stop to think about it.  She told me that she and a bunch of
other nurses had just celebrated a baby shower.  She said she had picked up the
pictures of it this afternoon and they were on her desk right now. 

"You will have to believe me now.  I will send you these pictures too," she
sobbed over the phone.  As we talked she sent picture after picture.  She was
describing each picture as she sent it. 

'I've finally got her.  I've really got her,' was all I kept thinking to myself. 
When I opened my e-mail later that evening there she was in all of her glory. 
There was a picture of her and several other nurses standing in front of a
hospital.  The name of the hospital was just above their heads.  In another
picture her coat was hanging open and her nametag was easily detectable.  Now I
knew her real name.' 

Another picture showed the group climbing into a car that had my little slut
behind the wheel with the license plate fully visible.  I had her now, it would
be easy to find her, but I had other plans for her. 

I wanted to see just how far her dark side would make her go.  I wanted to see
just how far I could push her.  I couldn't wait to speak to her again. 

"I love you," were my first words to her.  "I must hold you in my arms.  I need
to hold you, kiss you, and make love to you," I pleaded with her. 

"I hope that you have more plans for me than that," she said laughing.  Then,
suddenly serious, she asked "Do you plan on bringing the ropes or do I have to
get some?" she laughed; but then serous again.  "I don't know if I'm ready to
let you know where I live quite yet.  I really don't know anything about you.  I
guess I am a little reluctant to let myself be that vulnerable to you.  But I
really would like to know you.  I just don't know what to do.  " 

I was ready for this; I had a plan well worked out.  "I understand exactly how
you feel," I assured her.  "I would think you a very foolish girl if you allowed
me into your life without knowing who I really was. I have a reasonable
solution.  It will be just like we are going on a blind date.  When a girl goes
on a blind date she meets the man somewhere; like in a coffee shop for example. 
That way she doesn't have to reveal her address to him.  In fact, she could
leave all that information at home.  That way even if she decided to spend the
night with him he wouldn't be able to find out anything about her she didn't
want him to know. 

"You want to meet me in a coffee shop?" she asked sounding disappointed. 

 "I don't think I have anything to fear from you.  Do I?  I mean you don't plan
on raping me or anything like that.  Do you?"  I asked; deliberately trying to
put the full focus of uncertainty on myself. 

"Yeah, you might be safe," she said laughing.  "But I make no promises.  What's
your plan?" 

"Have you ever been to Whistler?"  I asked. 

There was a short pause before she answered.  "No, I haven't.  I don't really
like skiing," she replied. 

"I'm sure you and I will find other things to entertain ourselves with," I said
in the sexiest voice I could manage.  "If you came to Whistler by bus and left
all your personal information at home it would be just the same as a blind date. 
Don't even bring your purse with you.  Pack just a few things into a bag.  Come
up here and spend the weekend with me," I coaxed.  "If by Sunday you have
spilled open your soul to me and revealed everything about yourself, I will
drive you home.  If you decide not to tell me anything about yourself, well,
then you can get back on the bus and leave.  You will be in total control." 

She fell for it like a duck full of buckshot.  She agreed to leave Seattle on
Friday morning.  I would be waiting for her at the bus stop. 

I stood  almost unable to move or breathe as I watched the passengers' step down
from the bus.  I felt my heart jump into my throat when I saw her standing at
the door of the bus. 

"It's her.  It's really her.  She really has come," I thought to myself as a 
feeling of exhilaration tingling up my spine.  My heart was pounding so hard I
was beginning to feel dizzy again.  I had to remind myself to calm down.  I
needed to convince myself that everything was going to be fine. 

I watched as the bus drove off and all but one of the passengers went on their
way.  She was left sitting alone on the bench.  Her long slender legs were
crossed in front of her.  She was anxiously glancing back and forth up the road. 
I finally stepped out from the shadow of the building and waved to her. 

When she saw me, I gestured for her to come over to me.  As she started to walk
across the road I turned and walked to my truck.  In just a moment she was
looking at me through the passenger door window.  I leaned over and unlocked the
door.  She climbed into my truck, her body sliding across the seat and her skirt
riding almost all the way up to her panties.  I could easily see that she was
wearing no nylons.  My heart was pounding so hard that my breathing had actually
become erratic.  I wanted to rape her right then, right there, right NOW in my
truck.  My cock felt like it was going to explode through the fabric of my
pants. 

"Hi Bruce, I'm ANN," she said nervously.  But with a little laugh. 

"I noticed the name tag on your uniform, Mandi."  I said with a sly smile.  

"I wondered if you would have," she laughed uneasily. 

We sat for what felt like an eternity staring into each other's eyes.  I kept
looking down at her long slender legs.  I leaned forward, wrapping my arms
around her.  I put my lips against hers.  Her lips felt warm and soft.  They
tasted somehow like strawberries.  Our mouths both opened and our tongues began
to play.  I could feel the pressure building in me again.  If I didn't stop now
I would be ripping the clothes from her body in the very next moment. 

"Slowdown, back off, take it easy," I started telling myself.  "I can play with
this cunt for days if I don't blow it." 

"Oh God, I'm so glad you're here," I said as I broke off our embrace.  As I
pulled away I could see tears glistening in her eyes. 

"I'm glad that I came to," Mandi said.  "I know I did the right thing.  You seem
like a sweet guy." 

"Well Mandi," I said, "We had better get going.  It's about an hour's drive to
my farm." 

Mandi didn't stop talking as we drove down the highway; she wanted me to know
everything about her.  She talked about her mother and her sister.  Even about
her past lovers.  She spoke about her writing and said she brought everything
she had ever written with her for me to see.  She had also brought along some
stories by another girl, wonderful erotic stories.  I don't think I was really
paying  much attention to what she was saying.  The only thing I wanted I
already had.  It was sitting right beside me.  Soon, it would be mine. 

"I don't see anything," Mandi said as I turned off the highway onto the gravel
road.

"We are on my property now," I answered.  "The house is two miles off the
highway."

"OOOOOHHHH," she moaned.  "So Private.  We can make all the noise we want," she
giggled. 

I watched as she lifted her feet up propping them on my dashboard.  Her skirt
rode up exposing her panties.  She spread her legs slightly, and lowered her
hands between her legs.  I almost drove off the road when I saw what she was
doing.  She was rubbing the crotch of her panties with her lovely tapered
fingers.  Mandi was obviously trying to excite me; and it was working.  I had a
feeling of satisfaction come over me as I watched her teasing away.  I knew that
she must feel very comfortable and safe with me to be acting like this so soon
after we met.  I couldn't wait to get her home and begin the games.     

As I drove into the yard I activated the garage door opener and the doors began
to open.  Billy, my dog was barking wildly at us. 

"Don't worry," I said.  "It's only Billy; he's very friendly."  As we got out of
the truck Billy immediately spotted Mandi.  He went running over jumping up on
her excitedly almost knocking her over. 

Billy was a good dog but sometimes he got a little too excited.  I don't know
what it was about women.  He acted as if they were all his best friends.  He
didn't even come over to greet me. 

"What kind of dog is he?"  Mandi asked. 

"I'm not really sure," I answered.  "I think he might be a Wolf.  Or, he could
be at least partly Wolf.  He wandered onto my farm three years ago.  He was just
a pup.  He's been here ever since." 

"I'm sure glad he's friendly.  He's so big!" She exclaimed with a sigh of
relief. 

We went into the house and I sat down on the living room couch.  I felt like I
had just run a marathon.  I watched my prize walking around looking at
everything. 

"Do you mind if I look around your house?" she asked. 

"Not at all.  We have all the time in the world.  Take your time," I answered
her.

 All the time she walked around Billy was walking right behind her.  When she
returned to the living room she had removed her coat and shoes.  She was
standing before me in a short black skirt and sheer white blouse.  I could see
her bra outlined over her heaving breasts as she filled her chest with air. 
I could feel the pressure building up in me again; I hadn't had any cunt for two
months.  I tried to imagine what it was going to feel like ramming into her.  I
sat looking up at this beautiful creature smiling down at me.  I knew that she
was as ready as I for the fun to begin. 

She raised her hands to her blouse and began to unfasten the buttons; but it was
time for the game to be played my way. 

"Stop.  Please stop," I said in a pleading voice.  "This is all wrong.  I am
supposed to be your "Master".  You should be frightened of me.  I'm supposed to
be a rapist, your rapist." I cried meekly as I watched her giggling. 

"Keep laughing, cunt!"  I thought to myself.  "We will see how much laughing you
do later." 

"I don't want you to do anything unless I tell you to do it," I said in a
harsher tone.  "From now on you have to call me Master." 

It worked; she began to play the game my way. 

"Yes Master," she giggled while looking at me.  "I'll do anything you say,
Master.  You can do anything you want with me, Master." 

I loved it.  She thought I was some nerd that was totally incapable of hurting
her.  I felt more powerful at that moment than I had in months. 

"Take off your blouse," I ordered.  I watched as she slowly removed her blouse
and laid it over the chair beside me.  "Now, remove your bra," I ordered,
watching as her arms disappeared behind her back and her bra went loose on her
breasts.  Her breasts dropped slightly as her bra released them.  She lifted the
bra from her body and dropped it to the chair.  I gasped at the sight of her
breasts.  They stood straight out, staring at me like the large brown eyes of a
deer.  Her nipples were large and erect. 

"Mine, All Mine," kept running through my head.  "I can do anything I want with
those tits.  Anything I want." 

"Strip naked," I ordered her, not wanting to waste any more time by watching her
slowly remove her clothes.  My lust was almost out of control.  I watched as she
removed the remainder of her clothing and at last stood naked before me.  The
lust within me was almost more than I could bear.  I wanted to attack this frail
creature like the predator I truly was but there was something in me receiving
great pleasure holding myself back.  All the lust and desire was increasing,
building inside me, but I was controlling it.  This was something new to me; I
loved the feeling.  A part of me was saying, bring out your knives and cut her
to little pieces.  Another part kept saying, no - enjoy the pain of controlling
yourself.  Enjoy playing with this cunt. 

I could feel the beads of sweat on my forehead as I stood up and walked towards
her. She was perfect in every detail; her beautiful round ass; her soft white
skin and her breasts standing straight up with her nipples sticking straight
out. 

"Spread your legs," I ordered dropping to my knees in front of her. 

She obeyed me immediately, spreading her legs apart.  I tilted my face so that
it was just inches from her cunt.  I could feel the heat radiating from it.  The
air was full of her scent; like the musky smell of strawberries.  It was covered
in a light layer of fine blond hair that looked more like fluff.  I stood up
lifting her into my arms.  She felt as light as a child; almost like a little
girl. 

"God! I can't take much more of this," I thought to myself as I carried her into
my bedroom and dropped her roughly onto the bed.  Her eyes popped open suddenly,
looking up at me. 

"Close your eyes bitch," I ordered roughly as I watched her giggle and close her
eyes.  "It's time for you to get what's coming to you," I snarled. 

I used ropes to tie her ankles and wrists to the four corners of the bed.  When
I was finished she was spread eagled, wide open on the bed. Feelings came over
me again to use my knives on her beautiful body; but again I was able to
convince myself to wait.  I used an old scarf as a blindfold; then looked down
at the helpless creature lying on my bed.  She was so beautiful; and she was all
mine.  It was becoming harder to control myself; I desperately needed relief.  I
had planned to eat her sweet cunt first, but the rage in me was driving me wild
as I looked down at her glistening wet cunt. I suddenly ripped off all of my own
clothing and positioned myself between her legs.  I looked down at my throbbing
manhood.  It was pounding and pulsating like a wild animal.  I had no choice;
there would be no foreplay, no caressing or playfulness.  She had no idea what
was about to happen to her as she lay breathing softly.  Her fantasies were
about to be torn from her. 

I dropped like a raging beast onto her.  My cock found its mark; ripping into
her body.  She stiffened and her scream filled the room.  I began thrusting into
her like a wild beast.  I knew she must have been experiencing pain but I didn't
care.  I thrust against her, harder and harder, faster and faster, tearing into
her hot wet belly. 

"AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhaaaaaaaaaa," I heard filling the room as electricity 
ripped through my groin.  I was sure my first shot would burst her belly wide
open as I pumped my seed into her.  I didn't know who was screaming louder, her
or me. 

I dropped my entire weight onto her and laid there breathing heavily.  I could
hear her sobbing and crying; it hadn't gone the way she expected. 

"This will probably be the end of her being my obedient sex slave; but who gives
a fuck". I thought to myself.  "She's tied up; I'll butcher the slut as soon as
I get my energy back." 


I went to the kitchen and got a beer; then I went to the living room and sat
down on the couch.  Her bag of goodies was laying there beside me.  I decided to
go through it. 

There were several stories in the bag, some neatly typewritten; and others that
were only hand written. I started looking through her stories till I came across
one that looked different from the others.  On closer inspection I realized it
was the story written by her friend. I began to read and couldn't put it down;
it was that good.  This was another cunt that had rape and torture fantasies,
but this one really knew how to write about it; my cock was beginning to swell
again.  After reading just a few pages I was as hard as a rock. 

"Mandi is going to get hers earlier than I had expected," I thought, smiling
down at my raging cock.  The story was totally about being raped and tortured. 

 The entire time I had been sitting on the couch I could hear Mandi whimpering
in the bedroom but for the last ten minutes there had been no sounds coming from
that direction. 

"Has that cunt somehow managed to untie herself?" I thought.  "She isn't going
to be willing to play any more.  I should get my knives and finish her off." 

As I strained my ears I realized she was still whimpering; but very quietly as
if only to herself. 

"What is that cunt up to?" I thought as I got up from the couch and walked
quietly towards the bedroom door.  As I drew closer I could hear her moans
getting louder. She was speaking; but I couldn't make out what she was saying. 
As I approached the bedroom door my hand went for the light switch on the wall;
but then it froze. I almost had a heart attack.  Someone was on the bed with
her.  Then I realized it was Billy; he had crept up onto the bed and was lying
between her legs.  I watched as he sniffing her dripping cunt.  Mandi must have
sensed he was there but thought it was me. 

"Just let me go!" she was saying.  "That wasn't very nice.  I got nothing from
it except pain.  I want to go to the bathroom."  She was speaking in a pleading
tone; I guess she didn't want to make me mad. 

I stood motionless watching as Billy crept even closer to her split pussy.  I
had never seen Billy take that kind of interest in a human before.  I was
interested to see what he would do.  His cold nose must have touched her cunt. 
She stiffened and her body jumped. 

"What was that? What was that?" she asked fearfully. 

Billy lay flat on his tummy staying as low as he possibly could.  It looked like
he didn't want her to see him.  He couldn't know she was blindfolded and tied to
the bed.  His mouth opened and his tongue shot out so quickly that I almost
missed it, but she certainly didn't. 

"Oh, God," I heard her sigh. 

His tongue shot into her dripping gash and out again so fast it was
unbelievable.   With each lick she would moan and lift up her butt into the air. 

"What are you doing to me? It feels so good.  Oh God, oh God," she kept moaning
as I slowly turned the dimmer to brighten the room a little more; just enough to
see the developing show.  Billy's long wet tongue was darting in and out of her
pussy in steady rethem and Mandi was lifting her ass as high into the air as she
could.  Her beautiful cunt was right in front of Billy's face. 

I crept over beside the bed and lowered myself next to Billy.  He didn't seem to
notice I was there.  I put my hand under his neck and slowly slipped my fingers
down the length of his lower jaw; resting just under his tongue. 

I started to flick my fingers between the soft folds of flesh causing Mandi to
thrash around like a fish out of water.  I thrust one finger into her ass and
Mandi let out a surprised yelp; but I knew this time it wasn't from pain. 

I began probing inside her anus; first one finger; then two; then three.  I
started pumping slowly at first, then faster and harder. 

"What are you doing to me? You are going to kill me.  You are going to kill me,"
she whimpered. 

Billy was biting all around her clit; it was turning bright pink from his sharp
teeth and had grown into a large mound.  It looked like a thumb trying to push
out from under the thick flesh.  Billy was thrusting his tongue deep into her
and nibbling at the hood; it looked as if he was actually trying to push it back
to expose her delicate clit. 

I kept pumping my fingers into her tight ass as Mandi thrashed about like a wild
woman.  She was screaming wildly begging me to stop as her body glistened in
sweat. She lifted her back arching it like a small bridge.  Billie's hot tongue
was licking against her clit, still trying to expose it; but it just didn't want
to come out and play with us. 

I knew that she was close to something; either it was the wildest orgasm of her
life, or we WERE killing her.  For a moment I almost felt jealous.

 "What a way to go," I thought smiling wickedly to myself. 

I laid my hand on her pubic mound and began to pull back on the stubborn skin, I
could see the hood stretching but still her tender clit hid beneath the folds of
soft flesh.  I lowered my fingers to just above her clit; grabbing hold of the
loose skin and began to pull.  It was as if  Billy knew exactly what I was
trying to do.  He began to lick feverishly on her as I pulled her skin almost as
hard as I could.  The more I tugged the wilder she seamed to get.  All of a
sudden there it was, sticking straight up like the tip of my little finger; raw
and wonderfully fresh looking.  It looked like it had never seen the light of
day before.  As quickly as it popped out it was gone again; but this time into
Billy's mouth.  I could see he was nibbling on it with his front teeth and Mandi
screamed hysterically as if her body was being ripped in half.  Then she gave
one more blood-chilling scream and collapsed totally motionless. 

"Holy Fuck! I think we did kill her," I thought looking at her motionless body. 

I was so fucking horny that I didn't care if she was dead or not as I grabbed
Billy by his collar and pulled him from her.  To my amazement he growled as he
fell to the floor with his cock fully erect and sticking straight up. 

"Too bad," I thought.  "He does all the work and gets nothing for it." 

I didn't have any more time to worry about Billy; if Mandi was dead I wanted to
get into her cunt before it got too cold.  As I moved between her legs I noticed
the bed was soaking wet from a white liquid dripping from her cunt. 

Cum! Female Cum!  I've never seen girl-cum before.  "She must have dumped a
bucketful onto the bed," I thought smiling to myself. 

I looked down at her cunt; it was so wet and soft looking.  I couldn't wait
anymore.  I rammed my cock into her; it was burning hot inside.  The next thing
I knew she was thrusting her hips up to meet me.  Mandi wasn't dead after all. 
She was fucking back at me like a wild bitch; she wanted more.  Our pubic bones
were slamming together when I started to cum again, harder than the last time. 
I could feel my cock filling her with my hot seed as I collapsed on top of her
again. 

"I love you Master," I heard her saying.  "I love you.  I love you.  I have
never had anything so wonderful happen to me before.  I'm sorry I doubted you
Master, I never will again.  You can do anything with me.  I am yours.  I love
you, I love you." 

I couldn't believe my good fortune; the game was going to continue.  The slut
was more willing now than before!  I looked over at Billy who was sitting on the
floor watching us.  His cock was still swollen and hard. 

"I owe it all to him," I thought.  "I must do something to make it up to him. 
Or rather, Mandi must do something to make it up to him," I thought laughing
quietly.

I untied one of her wrists.  She could take it from there, I needed a beer. 

"Hey Mandi," I said as I left the room. "You want a beer?" 

"No, I'm too exhausted to move right now.  I think I'll just lay here for a
little while," she said giggling. 

As I sat with my beer Billy came and lay at my feet.  His cock was still
sticking out of its sheath looking swollen and sore.  I bent down and gave it a
little flick with my finger.  He whined as if I had just kicked him. 

"Don't worry Billy,  Daddy will make everything okay," I said smiling down at
him. 
After a short while I could hear moaning coming from the bedroom again. 

"I'm lonely Bruce," she called out.  "Aren't you coming back to me?  Don't you
want me anymore?"  She was trying to tease me again. 

"Get your ass out here now," I called back to her. 

When she came into the living room I chose my words carefully.  I wanted her to
be in the right frame of mind. 

"Your Master says, "Take that housecoat off and stand before me."  My heart
began to pound as I watched her drop the housecoat to the floor and come over to
stand in front of me like an obedient slave. 

"You have been a bad girl.  You shall be punished," I said smiling. 

"What have I done wrong?" she asked in confusion as her eyes widened. 

"Don't question me bitch," I shouted at her.  "Cast your eyes downwards."  I was
thrilled to see she was obeying my commands without any further protests.  She
was accepting me as her Master.  Everything was going perfectly. 

"I am going to blindfold you.  You don't deserve to see," I said as I wrapped
the scarf securely around her eyes. 

"Now, get down onto your hands and knees," I ordered her as my heart pounded
harder and harder.  I could feel the beads of sweat forming on my forehead as I
removed the belt from my pants. 

"I am going to beat your beautiful soft ass till it bleeds.  If you complain in
any way I will simply beat you harder," I said. 

Mandi didn't move or make a sound as I walked behind her soft white ass.  I
wanted so badly to whip it into a bleeding pulp but my plan was going so well; I
needed to control my emotions.  I swung the belt down slowly at first.  It made
a splatting noise as it hit her bottom. 

Mandi stiffened when it hit her; but I knew it hadn't hurt.  I continued softly
whipping till I could see she was beginning to relax.  The crack of her ass was
relaxing and beginning to open.  She was moaning softly and spreading her legs
for me.  I could see her pussy peeking shyly up at me. 

"I can't believe how kinky this cunt is," I thought to myself with delight. 
"This is really making her hot." 

Although I wasn't hitting her very hard the white flesh was beginning to turn 
bright pink.  I decided to give her a few harder whacks just to see if I would
get a negative reaction.  Without warning I brought the belt down onto her ass
as hard as I could.  Mandi's only reaction was to rapidly spread her legs even
wider.  I lashed at her several more times and could see the welts beginning to
form.  I knew that if I saw blood I wouldn't be able to stop myself.  I stood
with the belt dangling by my side staring down at her bright red ass.  I figured
it must be quite numb by now. 

She was moaning loudly and rocking back and forth.  Her legs were spread so wide
that the lips of her cunt were stretched open.  I got down on my knees behind
her and thrust two fingers into her; it was unbelievably steamy hot. 

"You CUNT!!"  I yelled at her.  "I am punishing you and you are like a bitch in
heat.  You have not been punished enough.  Drop your fucking head to the floor. 
NOW!"

My heart was racing as I watched her lower her head onto the floor causing her
back to sharply arch.  Her cunt was high in the air.  I got down on my knees and
began licking the sweet folds.  Her juices were flowing freely; almost burning
my tongue as she pushed her cunt into my face. 

"Don't move! You fucking bitch," I yelled at her.  "Unless you want more of this
belt!" 

Mandi stopped moving her ass and held herself still with her legs and pussy
spread wide open.  If she wasn't ready for it now she never would be.  She was
moaning like a bitch that would die unless she got some fucking very soon.  I
certainly didn't want to disappoint her.  Billy was lying on the floor just a
few feet behind us, watching everything that had transpired.  His eyes were
staring intently at Mandi's cunt.  I moved to the side while motioning to Billy
to come closer.  I began spreading the lips of her pussy wider and stuck my
fingers into her.  I then let Billy sniff and taste the juices on my fingers. 
He immediately began licking my fingers as I moved my hand closer to her pussy
with Billy following.  I was spreading the lips of her pussy wide open now and
Billy wasted no time; his tongue darted into her.  She gave her loudest moan yet
as I removed my fingers and slowly backed away.  I sat down at the end of the
couch.  I had an excellent view from this angle.  Billy's tongue was performing
its magical work on her pussy again.  She was howling from the pleasure he was
giving her. 

"If he makes her cum before he mounts her he will lose his chance," I thought to
myself.  "Come on Billy.  Fuck the bitch!"  I almost screamed it out loud. 

Mandi was going crazy; squealing like a wild sow.  I could see that Billy was
more than ready.  His cock was huge and thrusting straight out under his chest. 

Billy jumped up onto Mandi's back wrapping his front legs around her waist and
under her hips.  He was pulling himself forward, using her hips for leverage; it
all happened in a matter of seconds. 

Billy's cock was filling her before she began to realize what was happening. 

"No, No!  What's happening?" she shrieked as she lifted her head desperately
trying to see what had mounted her; forgetting that she was securely
blindfolded. 

"No, No!  No, please!" she screamed.

 Billy wasn't listening to her pleadings; he was pulling against her hips harder
and harder trying to gain full entry.  He had managed to push into her about six
inches and he still had another four full inches to force into her.  That
remaining four inches would be his "knot."  I estimated it was about the size of
a football.  I couldn't imagine how he was going to get that into her without
ripping her totally apart. 

"I'll bet you never thought you'd get something that big fucking you," I said
laughing rudely.  I didn't care one bit that she had no idea how big of a cock
was being shoved into her. 

Mandi was struggling to get away but Billy's massive weight was holding her down
easily.  She was screaming and crying frantically begging me to take him off of
her. 

"Please, please, don't do this to me.  Not a dog.  Please, not a dog!" she
begged. 


"You said you liked my dog.  I guess you just can't make up your mind," I said
snickering loudly.  It was time to test the limits of my power over her; to see
just how far I could push her. 

"Stay still bitch," I abruptly snarled in an angry tone.  "You are my property. 
I will do with you as I please.  Now shut up and hold still!" 

To my utter amazement she stopped pleading.  All I could hear was the slapping
of Billy's knot as he tried to force himself into her stretched pussy. 

"Spread your legs wider bitch," I yelled sternly.  I watched gleefully as she
obediently spread her legs even wider.  I could see her pussy opening up just a
little more each time Billy thrust forward. 

"Relax your cunt.  Let him in!"  I yelled almost in a frenzy myself. 

I don't know if it was because she did as I said or if it was Billy's
determination but the next thing I knew Mandi was screaming like a stuck pig. 
Billy's cock had completely disappeared inside of her.  I couldn't believe her
cunt had opened up wide enough to receive his knot. 

Billy's entire cock was now buried all the way inside of her.  His rapid
thrusting seemed to slow just a little, as soon as he had thrust it all the way
up into her.  He seemed to be clutching her body tightly against him.  He was
rocking his cock inside her. Mandi dropped her head down to the floor again. 

I had never understood why anyone would want to have sex with an animal before
that moment.  It was the most beautiful sight I had ever witnessed.  Their
bodies were molded together so perfectly.  It was as if they were one. 

Mandi's cunt must have been filled to the hilt, far better than any human could
do.  Billy was beginning to quicken his pace.  He was pulling back as far as he
could and then slamming forward again.

I couldn't believe what I was hearing; Mandi was moaning.  I realized that she
was rocking with him.  The lips of her pussy were spreading so wide that when
Billy pulled back I thought she was going to split wide open. Mandi was moaning
like a bitch about to explode.  She began to scream as an orgasm swept
throughout her body.  It must have been the last straw for Billy.  He started
howling wildly.  I was getting light-headed. I was witnessing the most exciting
event I had ever seen. 

Mandi and Billy were cumming at the same time.  Mandi was squealing and Billy
was howling. Their cum began to pour out from around Billy's cock. I wondered if
he would ever stop cumming inside of her.  The two of them fell over onto their
sides and laid there stuck together for fifteen minutes.  I sat on the couch
unable to take my eyes from them. 

I began to feel hurt and angry.  Billy was laying there with his cock buried
deep inside her with the dumbest look on his face.  He looked like he had just
blown his brains into her.  Mandi was lying face down on the floor.  Her
blindfold had long fallen off, but her eyes were closed.  She had a huge smile
on her face.  She looked like she never wanted Billy out of her.  They both
looked too fucking pleased with themselves for me. 

'I am really getting pissed off now.  She enjoys fucking my dog more than she
does me,' I thought to myself. 

A terrible feeling of inadequacy was beginning to creep over me.  I felt nothing
but hate for her at that moment.  I wanted revenge. I wanted to hurt her.  I
felt like cutting her throat open. 

Again, I had to control myself.  I had to tell myself it would be so much more
gratifying to take my time.  Just as I was deep in thought, trying to control my
rage, Billy finally pulled his cock out of her and walked into the kitchen.  I
could hear him drinking water.  I heard him drop down onto the carpet beside the
back door. 

My eyes then turned to Mandi.  She had rolled over onto her side and drawn her
knees up to her chest.  Her gaping cunt was looking right at me.  With each of
her heartbeats I could see some of Billy's cum dribbling from her ravaged hole
and onto the floor.  Her twat looked like it had been stretched to the limit. 
It was staring up at me now, wide open and dripping.  It looked as if it was
laughing at me; telling me how pleased it was.  It was saying that it needed
more than I could ever give it; that I could never really satisfy it. 

'I hate that cunt more than I have ever hated anything.  I will think of some
way to make it suffer,' I thought. 

Never had I wanted to hurt someone more than I wanted to hurt her and her
laughing cunt. Mandi lifted her head and looked up into my eyes.  My heart
started pounding again.  I wondered what she would say. 

"You have ruined me Bruce.  I am an animal fucking whore.  I have never
experienced pleasure like that in my life.  I never knew it was possible.  You
are truly my Master.  I would do anything for you." 




At first I was enraged by what she was saying.  Then I realized she was still my
slave, more willing than ever to please me.  A  sinister smile fell across my
face as a thought came to me. 

'Perhaps I will be able to use her to play out a fantasy I have had for a long
time.  If she is willing I will surely get my revenge on her laughing cunt.' I
thought as Mandi crawled up onto the couch beside me. 

"You smell like a dog," I taunted.  "Go take a bath.  Then get your ass into my
bed." 

I must have fallen asleep before she finished her bath; it was midday before I
woke.  Mandi was lying beside me fast asleep.  She smelled fresh - like
strawberries again.  I went into the kitchen and poured myself a cup of coffee. 
I could hear her stirring. 



When she came into the kitchen she was wearing a most satisfied smile on her
face.  She looked radiant.  She was wearing a sheer silk nightie; it barely
covered her ass.  She appeared more beautiful than ever, if possible.  She sat
on my lap and smiled as she looked deeply into my eyes. 

"Good morning Master," she said.  "What can I do to please my Master today?" 

Her long legs were slightly spread and I put my hand on her knee slowly running
it up her bare leg.  I felt my fingers coming to rest on the light fluffy hair
surrounding her pussy.  Mandi moaned and threw her head back as I forced the
lips apart and began to probe her insides.  Her cunt was ready for action.  I
had the feeling it was laughing at me again.  I felt the rage swelling up once
more inside of me. 

"Ouch!  You're hurting me!" she cried out. 

I had my thumb braced on the outside of her pubic bone and three fingers inside
of her laughing cunt.  I had begun squeezing my fingers together hurting her; I
felt like ripping it from her body, but I had other plans in reserve for this
cunt.

"What surprises do you have in store for me today?" she asked giggling. 

"You'll find out.  Don't worry, you'll find out soon enough," I answered.  I
wasn't going to tell her about the plans I had for her tonight.  I didn't want
to give her a chance to think about it.  We went into the living room.  Mandi
was certainly a non-stop talker.  If she wasn't being fucked she was talking. 
She pulled out her bag. 

"Do you want to read some of my stories?" she asked coyly.  "Or would you enjoy
it more if I read them to you?" 

"Yeah, sure.  Go ahead," I said smiling.     

'What a sick fuck she is,' I thought to myself.  One of the stories was about
two sisters, a brother, and their two-year-old girl.  I myself draw the line at
kiddie-porn.  If the bitch isn't at least ten years old she isn't ripe enough to
be butchered in my book. 

I almost blew it as she told me about what she had been writing; she wasn't
willing to allow me to say anything against it.  I decided to shut my mouth on
the subject.  After all, she would never finish the fucking story anyway. I
would soon be doing the world a great favour. 

"If you don't read anything else you should read the story written by Heather,"
she said smiling. 

I didn't tell her that I had started to read that girl's story already.  Before
I knew it she had talked the afternoon away; it was early evening.  She had
drunk several glasses of red wine and was feeling very frisky by now.  I felt it
was time to tell her about my plan.  Well, at least part of it. 

"Will you do anything I ask of you?"  I said solemnly to her. 

"Yes Master.  I'll do anything you ask," she answered. 

"I want you to prove it to me tonight," I said coldly. 

"What do you mean?" she asked, her eyes widening. 

"I want you to do something that you might think is humiliating.  Or even
degrading," I answered. 

"After I fucked your dog!  What could possibly be more humiliating?" she asked,
and then laughed loudly at that thought. 

"I have some so-called friends who like to play practical jokes on me.  I would
love to get back at them.  Till now I haven't known how to go about it.  I've
had a plan for some time, but I never thought I would be able to pull it off." 

Mandi was very interested.  "What is it?  What is it?  What do you want to do? 
What do you want me to do?" she begging me to tell her my artful plans. 

"They hang out at a local bar.  About two hundred yards behind the bar is an old
fire shed.  It is used for storing old equipment by the volunteer fire
department; it is  never kept locked. 

The building has only two doors, one at either end.  I thought it would be a
great joke to lure them into the building and then block off both doors so they
couldn't get out.  If they knew it was me doing it they would know it was a joke
and just wait for me to open the doors, but if someone they didn't know lured
them into that building and then locked the doors on them I'm sure they would
think they were being left to die in there.  It is well insulated so no one
would hear them calling out for help; it doesn't even have windows." 

"You want me to be the one to lure them into the building, don't you?" she asked
as if honoured.  "How do I get them into it?"

I led her into the bedroom and stood her in front of the full-length mirror.

"With this," I said.  "With the most fuckable body they have ever seen.  No one
could resist you!" 

"Oh God!  Oh God!  How?" she asked, a little fearfully for the first time. 


"It's simple," I said.  "You will look more desirable than you have ever
appeared before." 

"You want me to look like a_  _ ___ ____......"

I cut her off.  "A Slut!  Yes, a sleazy fucking slut.  A beautiful sexy slut
that is ready for any kind of action," I said staring into her eyes.  "Will you
do this for me?  Will you obey my commands?" 

"Yes, Master," she said softly.  "I'll do anything you want.  Tell me what to
do.  I trust you with my life." 

"We will park the truck behind the fire shed.  I will enter the bar first.  I
don't want anyone to see that we are together.  You will come into the bar after
me and I will secretly point out my friends to you.  You will use your whore
charms to lure them outside and into the old building.  You will run through the
front door and escape quietly out the back door, where I will be waiting for you
in the truck.  I will block the doors once you come out.  And then we will come
back here and fuck till the dawn," I said smiling at her. 

"How do I get them to follow me into the building?" she asked naively.  She was
going along with my plan more easily than I had ever imagined she would! 
However, I didn't want her to see my excitement. 

"Flirt with them. Drink with them.  Let them touch your soft tits and wet cunt.  
In other words, make them think you want to fuck all of them," I answered
coldly. 

"How many men are there?" she asked eyes wide, and rather startled. 

"There are usually four or five ," I answered.   

"Oh.  Good.  I thought there might be a lot more," she said in a relieved tone.

I waited on the couch for my sacrificial lamb to shower and prepare her laughing
cunt for the evening's entertainment.  I told her that I wanted a preview of
what she would look like.  When she finally walked out into the living room, I
could feel the heat swelling up in my groin.  She had let her hair down across
her face.  She was wearing her short black skirt, but now it was hiked up even
further.  The hem was at least six inches above her knees revealing her
beautiful pair of shapely legs.  She was wearing a white see-through blouse with
no bra and her dark pink nipples were clearly showing.  I summoned her to me. 
Like a good slave she stood motionless before me. 

I undid more buttons on her blouse till it was open to her waist. 

"Are you sure?" she asked nervously. 

"Trust me.  You do trust me don't you?"  I asked looking into her uncertain
face. 

"Yes Master.  I trust you with my life," she answered. 

I smiled as I ran my hands up her smooth legs till they came to rest at the
waistband of her panties.  I hooked my fingers underneath the taut waistband and
pulled them down to her knees. 

"You won't be needing these tonight," I said smiling.  Mandi slipped out of her
panties without protest. 

When we arrived at the fire shed I parked the truck behind it.  I leaned over
and kissed her.  At the same time I slid my fingers up under her skirt; her
laughing cunt was dripping already.  The bitch was on fire. 

"You are really looking forward to this aren't you?"  I asked. 

"Yes Master.  I am very excited.  I thought I would be scared to death, but I'm
not.  I know that you will be looking after me," she answered. 

"I'm going to look after you all right," I thought smiling to myself. 

 "Wait five minutes and then come into the bar.  I will point out my friends to
you.  After that it's up to you; I will be waiting in the truck.  Take your time
and make sure they are really horny and hot for you before you leave," I
cautioned her. 

As I entered the bar I was pleased to see it was packed full of guys.  The truth
was I had only been to this bar once before.  Most of the patrons were natives
from a local reserve. I quickly scanned the different groups of men sitting
around the tables.  I didn't see any women at all in the bar; just a bunch of
very drunk Indians.  There was a rowdy table at the back with six young bucks. 
I had just decided they would be the lucky ones when I saw Mandi walk in.  For a
moment I wondered if she would go through with the plan until I saw her remove
her coat. She sat at the bar stool and crossed her legs; her skirt had ridden
high enough to show she had no panties on; she was making no attempt to pull it
down.  For a moment the bar became quiet as all eyes were on her. 

"I'll have a glass of red wine," she cooed to the bartender.  When our eyes met
I discreetly pointed at the six men still sitting at the back of the bar.  Mandi
gave me a quick knowing smile and rose from her chair walking seductively to the
jukebox .  She bent forward peering into the index of the jukebox.  She kept
bending forward until she heard one of the young bucks drop his beer on the
floor.  That was her signal they could finally see she had no panties on. All of
the young bucks were looking straight at her ass.  I could hear them talking
rapidly among themselves and making sexual jesters.  They were becoming very
excited.  I honestly hadn't thought she had it in her to flash her pussy at them
so quickly. 

She seductively danced over asking if someone could spare a quarter for the
jukebox; they jumped up offering her the money.  She was dancing beside the
blaring jukebox when one of the braver young bucks came up to her and asked if
he could dance with her.  Mandi didn't say a word to him as she placed both her
hands around his neck and pushed her pelvis deeply into his crotch. He put both
his hands on her ass pulling her even closer to him. They danced very slowly in
front of the other men;I could see him looking for encouragement from. It didn't
take the other's long to get into a frenzy yelling at him to go for it. They
were telling him to throw the slut onto the floor and fuck her in front of them.
Their encouragement seemed to be giving him confidence.  He pushed her head back
and started kissing her as his hands disappeared under her skirt.  Mandi didn't
push his hands away and everyone could tell his fingers were inside her wet
cunt. He pulled his hand out just long enough for his friends to see it was
sparkling with her juices.  The crowd was going wild; they all wanted a piece of
her.  I knew that it wasn't going to be long before these men were completely
out of control; so I decided it was time to leave and prepare for the upcoming
show. I looked back one last time; she had been pushed into the table and all
the guys were grabbing at her. I could see several other guys coming over.

"I hope she is able to get out of there." I chuckled as I walked outside. "If
she thinks she's parting now; she hasn't seen anything yet." 

I walked down to the old building and went in through the front door. It was
cold, damp, and dark inside.  I strolled through to the back door and pushed it
open.  My truck was waiting there for me. 

I took two large pieces of lumber from the truck and placed them against the
door.  I pulled on the door, testing it, trying to open it.  It wouldn't budge. 
I got into my truck and drove around the building parking on the other side of
the street. I had to wait only a few minutes before I spotted Mandi suddenly
bolting out of the bar. 

She must have let things get a little out of control in there; she was running
towards the old building with no shoes on her feet.  Her blouse wide open
trailing behind her like a small cape; her naked breasts bouncing wildly as she
ran.  She had only a few seconds head start before the next person ran out of
the bar.  It was the young buck I had seen her dancing with.  As I watched there
was a steady stream of men pouring out of the bar behind her.  She yanked the
front door open and ran into the darkened building.  The door slammed loudly
behind her. 

I began to count the number of men following her. 

"Fifteen!  Fifteen!  Holy Fuck!  There are fifteen guys chasing her," I laughed
to myself

 Three of them had already entered the building and there were still more
coming. I could hear them laughing as she ran into the old building; they knew
there was no escape for her laughing cunt.  I tried to imagine what was
happening inside.  Mandi must have reached the back door by now only to find it
jammed shut.  She would probably be turning around right about now to see the
drunken Indians closing in on her.  She would be screaming for me to help her;
and begging them to let her go.  I watched as the last man entered the building
and the evening fell into silence. 

As I looked out over the moonlight night everything seemed so peaceful.  How
could anyone imagine what was happening inside that old deserted building?  How
could anyone possibly know there were fifteen drunken Indians and my lovely
trusting slut inside that building?  After a half hour spent staring at the dark
silent building I really wanted to know what was happening inside.  Just as I
was about to get out of my truck and venture out I saw the front door opening
and two of the older men come out.  They lit cigarettes and were talking and
laughing together as they walked up the trail towards the bar. As they walked
past me I could hear some of what they were saying.

"That was the best white fuck I've had in years." the larger of the two said."
Did you see those two youngins fucking her up the ass at the same time?"

"I don't think she cared about that" the other said. "She had three cocks forced
into her mouth and CrazyBull was trying to scalp her". 

"I guess those two old guys have had just about all they can take," I thought
chuckling to myself as the men opened the door of one of the trucks parked in
front of the bar.  They began to take out armloads of bottles.  Then they turned
away and started walking back to the old building.  As they walked past me I
could see they were each carrying bottles of whiskey.  They strode through the
old door with their many bottles clutched to their chests. 

I had suffered enough.  I opened my glove box and pulled out a box of Kleenex. 
I unzipped my fly and pulled out my swollen, throbbing cock.  I wrapped several
sheets of Kleenex around its head and began stroking.  I was trying to imagine
what must be happening to Mandi right now.  The thought of fifteen drunken
Indians having their way with her body was more than I could take; I was filling
the Kleenex with cum within seconds, and screaming at the top of my lungs; I
couldn't stop myself.  I rolled down my window to get some fresh air.  My heart
was pounding like a hammer as I threw the Kleenex out of the window.  I watched
as steam lifted from it in the cold night air.  I kept looking at my watch
checking to see how long it had been since they first entered the building. 
Mandi had been in that building for over an hour.  I wondered what her cunt must
feel like now.  I wondered if it was still laughing.  For that matter I wondered
if she was still alive.  I hoped she was; I didn't want it to end too quickly. 
I assumed she was still alive; fifteen drunken Indians couldn't be in there with
a dead body.  She was still alive and she was getting exactly what she deserved. 
My thoughts were interrupted when I saw five guys coming out of the building. 
They were laughing and making obscene gestures.  Two of the men left the group
and went to their trucks driving away.  The other three went back into the
building after taking a long piss. 

"Now there are only thirteen guys for Mandi to party with," I chuckled rudely to
myself. 

For the next few hours I saw several men come out; take a piss, have a smoke and
return to the building.  It had been almost four hours now; it was 3:00 AM.  The
door opened once more and a bunch of guys began to pile out.  I counted twelve
of them walking up the hill to their cars.  Had I counted wrong?  Had there only
been fourteen guys with her all along?  Or was there still someone inside with
her?  I waited almost another half hour before I finally decided to go down and
look for myself.  Just as I stepped out of the truck I saw the door opening; it
was the young buck she had originally been with. As he was passing he saw me
standing beside my truck. 

"Are you going back for some more cunt?" he asked thinking I was one of his
drunken friends.  "There isn't much left," he said gloating as he held up a
large clump of hair in one hand and waved a hunting knife in the other. 

"Sorry brother.  I didn't know anyone wanted more of her." He slobbered

"Holy fuck!  He has scalped her!  Fuck, this is just too good to be true!" I
thought.

I couldn't wait to see what was left; my imagination was running wild as I
walked up to the door.  Was she dismembered?  Did they slit open her guts?  I
couldn't wait to see the mess. The first thing that hit me was the stink.  I
couldn't believe how bad it smelled in there. 

I found Mandi spread out lying silently on a pile of firefighters' jackets.  I
trained the beam from my flashlight onto her.  I couldn't believe the amount of
cum she had all over her body.  She was spread wide open; and it looked like she
was dead.  Then I saw her chest moving; she was still alive.  The funny part was
she didn't really look all that bad; just filthy, and covered in cum. 

"I guess Indians have different ideas about raping a cunt than we white guys do. 
If it had been fifteen white guys with her there wouldn't be anything left," I
thought laughing quietly to myself. 

I was pleased she wasn't dead; it meant I would be able to continue with the
games.  I looked her over as closely as I could.  She didn't seem to have any
cuts and she still had her teeth.  Her hair had been cut off, but her scalp
hadn't been touched.  I picked her up into my arms; she was a slimy stinky mess. 
I carried her over to my truck but I wasn't going to let that cum soaked bitch
ride up front with me.  I threw her over the side into the back; she landed with
a thump but otherwise didn't make a sound. 

It was only half an hour ride; she had enough cum on her to keep her warm till
we got there.  When we got home I looked into the back; she still wasn't moving. 
I decided to leave her there until I got the table in the barn prepared for her. 
When I came back I saw that Billy had jumped into the back with her.  He was
licking the cum from her. 

"Get the fuck away from her.  You will make yourself sick," I yelled as  I
picked her up and carried her to the barn.

 I stood her at the edge of the table and pushed her backwards onto it.  I
spread her arms out over her head and strapped them to the far corners of the
table.  Then I spread her legs and secured her ankles to the opposite sides of
the table; her cunt was being pushed out and up by the edge of the table.  I
turned the hose on and began to hose her body off.  Her body was covered in
bruises and her cunt was swollen and red.  It looked pathetic; it wasn't
laughing anymore. 

Mandi didn't seem to realize she was strapped to the table I used for butchering
animals. Again the urge came over me to get my knives and cut her into little
pieces. 

"Why not?  What else is she good for," I thought as I looked down at her
battered cunt. 

I placed the case full of knives on the table and opened it.  I looked down at
her trying to deside just where to begin.  Her cunt was looking up at me and
seemed to be laughing again as I looked through my selection of knives. There
was very little I enjoyed more than skinning a living creature.  I decided to
use my smallest knife; I didn't trust myself with one of the larger ones.  I
wanted it to go slowly.  I waved the blade slowly in front of her face;
something was definitely wrong; she wasn't reacting.  I placed the tip of the
blade just under her left nipple and slowly pushed till it disappeared under her
breast.  She didn't make a sound as I drew the blade across the bottom of her
nipple.  Blood was running down her belly; around her pubic bone and between her
cunt lips; dripping onto the floor.  Just one more push and her nipple would be
mine; but it really bothered me when blood got onto the floor.  I withdrew the
knife and went to get a bucket to collect the blood.  I placed it on the floor
between her legs; blood was going drip, drip, drip. 

"Did those bad men hurt you Master?" I heard her pitiful voice asking.  "They
didn't hurt you, did they Master?, I would die if they hurt you."  She seemed to
have no idea of what was happening to her. 

  "Before this night is over I'm going to cut you into little pieces," I said
trying to strike fear into her. 

"That's nice Master.  I'm glad you are okay," she replied smiling up at me. 

"That cunt is laughing at me again," I thought to myself as I looked at her
spread legs.  "It's that clit doing all the laughing. It's always hiding." I
said as I lifted the skin over her clit.  "I know what you need,". 

I pulled up on her hood and put the edge of the blade just underneath.  I began
to slowly move the blade upward about an inch and a half.  Then I slid it across
another inch.  I slowly drew the blade down the other side until a large flap of
skin dropped into my hand.  There was a look of confusion in her eyes.  She knew
that something had happened, but she wasn't sure what it was. 

"I have circumcised you.  Now your clit can never hide from me again," I laughed
loudly; holding the flap of skin for her to see. 

She stared blankly at it as I flicked her exposed clit with my finger.  She
grunted a few times but there was no real reaction.  Her severed hood was
bleeding profusely; there was a steady stream of blood running into the bucket. 

Suddenly I felt tired and bored.  I missed the screaming and begging. Mandi
wasn't playing by the rules. 

I cleaned off my knife returning it to the case.  I was still holding the flap
of skin I had cut from her cunt.  I put it into my mouth and lovingly rolled it
around on my tongue; it tasted like her.  I began to chew its rubbery texture;
the taste exploding in my mouth; I swallowed it.  I left her strapped to the
table, dripping blood into the bucket as I walked from the barn. 

"Maybe she will be a little more responsive in the morning," I thought as I
walked back to the house. 

 It was 6:30 a.m. and the sun was just breaking the horizon.  I decided to have
a coffee before turning in.  As I sat sipping my coffee I noticed Mandi's bag on
the floor and decided to take another look through it.  The first thing I saw
was the story written by her friend Heather.  I decided to read a little more of
it before turning in. I read the last chapter several times. I could understand
how they had become friends.  It gave me ideas I had never thought of.  Heather
had written about a fetish called B.A.T.S..   ['Burning at the Stake.']

"What a beautiful way to end our relationship," I thought to myself. 

Heather had taught me a new game; I wondered how popular it was as I laid down
on the couch. I didn't wake up until 4:30 p.m.  By the time I had more coffee
and changed my clothes it was almost 6 p.m.  I decided to go out and see how
Mandi was doing. 

"Bruce!  What is happening?  Why am I strapped here?  Please let me go.  I hurt
so much," she begged; aware of her surroundings again. 

"I read your friend's story." I said to her.  "I really liked the ending; the
part about [BATS]." 

"That's her fantasy.  Not mine," she pleaded, her voice rising loudly. 

"Admit it," I laughed.  "You are Heather, aren't you?  You wrote that story,
didn't you?"  

"Please, Oh, Please, No!  It's not me.  I'm not Heather!" she begged. 

I was just playing with her; I knew she wasn't Heather. There was no comparison
to their writings.  I looked into the bucket on the floor; she had bled a quart
of blood; she would be weak.  The thought of her offering no resistance pleased
me. 

"We have a long way to drive," I said as I removed the restraints from her arms
and she crumpled into a pile at my feet. 

"We are going to my hunting cabin; it's very peaceful there." I laughed as I
threw a blanket over her. 

I picked her up and carried her to my truck.  I opened the passenger door and
dumped her inside. A fear came over me; what would I say if the highway patrol
stopped me.  I guessed I would be dead meat as I roared off down the highway. 
It was starting to get dark. 

Mandi complained all the way; she kept blubbering about being good and not
wanting to die.  She just wouldn't shut up.  I couldn't wait to get to the
cabin. 

It was almost ten p.m. as we arrived at the cabin.  There was no place more
peaceful and quiet than my Daddy's hunting cabin.  He built it when I was five
years old.  We came every year; hunting black bear until one killed him. 

"My dad built the perfect device for skinning bears," I said to Mandi.  "It's
simple but effective.  Just a big steel pipe buried in the ground with a pulley
on the top and a long steel cable attached to it." 

 She hadn't heard a word I said.  She was rolled into a ball, fast asleep.  It
was very cold outside; she would be frozen by the time Heather's game was
underway.  I wondered if she might appreciate it a little more because of that. 
I decided to leave her in the truck while I got everything ready. 

The pole, cable, and pulley, were still in place.  I tied one end of the cable
to the front bumper of the truck and the other looped over the pulley at the top
of the pole and dangled onto the ground.  Next, I went to the woodshed and
filled the wheelbarrow with wood.  I made several trips back and forth to the
pole. 

"I hope Mandi appreciates the nice pile of wood I have made for her," I thought
laughing to myself.

It was a pile about four feet high and the same distance out all around the
pole. I had cut it two years ago; just look at it and it would burn.  My heart
was pounding wildly as I looked up into the sky.  The moon and stars had
vanished.  Mother Nature was cooperating just like she did every night at this
time of year.  Mist from the nearby lake was drifting over us.  Soon it would be
hard to see more than fifty feet. 


"This is going to be perfect," I thought.  "Light won't travel more than a
hundred feet.  Mandi and I can play in total privacy." 

I could feel my heart pounding in my throat as I walked towards the truck.  I
opened the passenger door to see Mandi was still sleeping.  I reached in
grabbing her by her wrist and pulled her out of the truck.  She fell to the
ground hard; howling from the pain.  I began dragging her towards the woodpile. 
I could have stopped and let her walk; but I felt so powerful doing it this way. 
I dropped her beside the pole. 

"Please Bruce, it's so cold.  Please give me something to put on.  I'll freeze
to death like this," she begged.

 I could hardly hear her words as I picked up the end of the cable.  I grabbed
her hands placing them together and began wrapping the cable around her wrists. 
I must have wrapped it twenty times before I stopped; her hands were already
turning blue. 

"It's too tight.  I can't feel my hands," she sobbed.  "Please Bruce, can't we
go into the cabin?  Please?  I'll be good.  I'll do anything you want.  Please
let me go, please!" 

Mandi had no idea how much her begging was exciting me; it was the very reason I
did this. Hearing them beg for mercy was like music to my ears.  She was playing
the game perfectly now.

 I walked back to the truck and began backing it up.  As the cable drew tighter
around Mandi's wrists she screamed the entire time it pulled her up the pole.  I
stopped when I saw her feet dangling just above the wood; her body glistened
white as snow in the lights of the truck.  

I went to the shed for a can of kerosene and soaked the wood all around the
perimeter of the pole.  I didn't put any close to her struggling body.  I didn't
want the whole thing to flare up out of control; we had all the time in the
world. 

 Mandi was kicking the pole with the back of her heels and they were already
beginning to bleed.

 "That won't do," I thought to myself.  "I'll have to do something." 

I cut a green branch from a nearby Alder tree; it was almost six feet long.  I
climbed the pile to where she was hanging; she started pleading with me.  She
was sobbing and begging, but I didn't hear the words.  Her sobbing only filled
me with renewed energy and desires.  I tied one ankle to one end of the Alder
branch and her other ankle to the opposite end of it; she looked more beautiful
than ever.  Her legs were spread so wide it looked like she was doing the splits
for some demented cheer. Her circumcision was bleeding again. Her cunt glowed
bright red in the lights from the truck.  I placed my fingers between the lips
and they slid into her with no resistance. 

"Please.  Please take me down; please let me go.  Please take me into the cabin
and make love to me.  I want you inside me Bruce.  Please let me down," she
pleaded. 

I could hear her words again; I didn't like that. But then I realized why; my
cock was throbbing wildly in my pants.  I desperately needed her cunt.  I looked
into her eyes; they were pouring tears and pleading the same as her voice. 

"Oh well, all right.  Just one more time," I said, smiling deceptively back at
her.

 I saw a look of relief come over her frightened face; it wasn't there for long. 
I opened my fly and released my hungry cock.  The cold night air felt wonderful
on it's hot flesh.  Mandi's legs were spread wide and her pussy was well
lubricated by the blood still dripping from her clit.  I held my cock
positioning it between the bloody lips; then thrust forward as hard as I could. 
I felt it bury deep inside her and heard a loud ringing sound; almost like a
bell.  It was her spine slamming against the steel pole; there was nowhere for
her to go except into the pole.  Her spine was making it ring like a giant bell. 
I slammed into her harder and harder, trying to make it ring even louder.  I was
having so much fun. 

Just as I was about to cum I noticed her partly severed nipple from the night
before.  I opened my mouth and began to suck on it.  Liquid was filling my
mouth; I knew that it was her blood.  I tried to imagine what she must feel like
right then; her spine slamming repeatedly into the steel pole, her raw and
bleeding clit being ground harder and harder against my pubic bone.  And now her
nipple about to be ripped from her body; I bit hard and pulling my head back;
her screams were deafening. Her nipple gave way to my gripping teeth and in an
instant it fell into my mouth.  I felt warmth on my face as blood squirting from
the hole in her breast.  My cock began to erupt inside of her and I could hear a
roaring through the trees; my entire insides were exploding into her.  I was
unable to stand any longer as I dropped to my knees.  My eyes were level with
her pussy; I could see cum and blood mixing together.  Her cunt wasn't laughing
any more; it almost looked as if it were begging for mercy. 


"I'm not finished punishing you," I said looking directly into her cunt.  "I
have one more punishment for you." 

I climbed down from the woodpile and stood looking up at her; it was time to
finish the game.  There was a bucket of kerosene on the ground beside me.  A
stick with a rag tied to the end was waiting inside it.  I raised the stick and
used a match to light the rag; the flame lit up the night sky.  Drops of flaming
kerosene were falling to the ground as I stood at the edge looking into her
eyes.  She still looked beautiful; her light skin shone against the dark night. 

  "No, no, please, I don't want to die.  Please don't do this to me.  Please,
please.  I am so scared.  Please stop.  Please let me go," she pleaded again and
again. 

  If she only knew the truth; that the only reason I hadn't dropped the torch
was because I was enjoying her whimpering so much.  At that moment I knew what
it must feel like to be a God.  I had the power of life or death over her; and I
chose death. 

As I lowered the torch towards the edge of the woodpile I felt the power surging
even stronger within me.  The torch had barely touched the wood when it sprang
to life.  The fire raced rapidly around the pile joining at my feet; the entire
outer edge of the pile was now burning.  I could hear the wood crackling as it
began to burn. Only Mandi's wild cries could be heard over the sounds of the
burning wood. 

"Oh God, Oh God, I'm so sorry," she was sobbing loudly. 

"The Bitch thinks God will help her," I thought scornfully to myself.  "It will
be The Devil that reaches out for her." 

"I really wish I had brought along a camera.  The next time I do this I'm going
to have a camera or a camcorder.  This is so much fun," I thought. 

The smoke was rising into the air and Mandi was finding it harder to breathe;
she coughed steadily from the dense smoke surrounding her.  I stood motionless,
almost unable to move as I heard her squealing and watched her futile struggles
to free herself.  The smoke was now filling her lungs; I knew the end would be
soon.  The flames suddenly blazed above her on all sides, surrounding her body. 
It all happened so quickly.  I could only see her through the flames now.  I
could see the long flames licking out around her; it was as though they wanted
to seduce her. 

I moved as closely as I dared; only a few feet away.  She was looking down at
me; her eyes fixed into mine.  The flames were licking between her spread legs. 
I watched the fluffy hair between her legs ignit and the flames greedily licking
at her cunt.  It looked like they were trying to enter her.  Her screams were
being drowned out by the roar of the fire as all at once her entire body seemed
to turn to flame. It danced high, reaching up into the night sky.  All I could
see was the flame. 
It was now over; there was nothing more to see.  I went back to my truck and
shut off the engine.  The roar from the raging fire was deafening; it made my
heart felt like a lump in my throat. 

"This has been the most wonderful night of my life.  I have never experienced
such emotions; I never knew it was even possible to feel so alive," I said aloud
into the night.

 I felt exhausted as I dragged myself back towards the dark cabin.  I collapsed
onto the bed.  I had never felt so tired in my life.  I was falling into the
darkness.  My only thoughts were of Mandi,,,,,Beautiful 
Mandi,,,,,,,Mandi,,,,,,,,Mandi,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,MANDI,,,,,
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,MMMM,,,, 
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmm,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,....


"I'll CALL THE DOCTOR!!!!!!"

Were the first words I heard bursting through the fog.  I felt like I was going
to be sick.  My belly felt like it was being eaten by the flames.  The pain was
almost unbearable.  My head was throbbing.  There seemed to be hundreds of
bright lights shining down on me. 

"Is this Heaven?  It feels more like Hell.  I know I have done some shameless
things in my life, but I never expected to go to Hell. This certainly can't be
Heaven; I'm in far too much pain and I feel so sick." I thought as my head spun
wildly. 

The words echoed in my mind; {"I'LL CALL THE DOCTOR"}. I felt totally confused. 
I was still alive and I wasn't tied to the burning stake any longer; was all I
knew for sure but I had no idea where I was or why this was all happening. 

"And how is my favourite patient doing?"  I heard Bruce's voice saying in a
cheerful tone.  "When I saw your name on the chart I couldn't believe my eyes." 

"What is happening to me?  I am so confused!  Tell me!"  I begged. 

"You don't remember how you got here, do you?"  He laughed.  "No wonder you're
acting so strangely.  You're in the hospital.  You were admitted to emergency
with a ruptured appendix.  I didn't get to see you until after you had been
sedated." 

My eyes began to see more clearly; focusing on the handsome Doctor standing over
me.  I was in the post-operative recovery room of an unfamiliar hospital.  It
wasn't where I was employed.  There were strangers all about me.  My mind began
to clear and I began to remember what had happened to me.  I had gone downtown
to buy myself a new bathing suit.  I was in the changing room taking off my
clothes. I had been looking into the mirror just before I was going to put on
the bathing suit.  I was admiring my slim naked body when the pain hit me.  It
was as though my tummy had just burst open.  I had never felt such pain before. 
I remembered falling to the floor as I screamed for help.  Then everything went
black. 

"I feel like such a fool," I sobbed as I looked up into his soft brown eyes.  "I
thought that something terrible was happening to me.  I guess it was like a
nightmare.  It seemed so real.  And you were the one that was hurting me.  Can
you ever forgive me?" 

"When your appendix burst it released a lot of infection into your bloodstream. 
It's not uncommon to experience hallucinations under those conditions.  We've
pumped a lot of antibiotics into you.  You should be back to normal soon. 
You'll only have a small scar on your tummy; I told you I was a master with a
scalpel." 

I felt like such a stupid cunt.  How could I have let my imagination run so out
of control?  I hoped that this beautiful man standing over me didn't think of me
as a complete nut case. 

"Do you still like me Bruce?"  I asked him tremulously. 

"I think I should be asking you that very same question," he said as he sat on
the edge of the bed. 

He told me he was worried I might not be comfortable with his dark side if I
knew he was a doctor.  I in turn, confessed to him that I was a nurse and had
entertained the same fears.  We both had a long relieved laugh over that. 

"Do you remember me asking you if you would like to go up to Canada with me?" he
asked.  "I own a cabin in Whistler and I would love to have you there for a
weekend." 

A cold chill ran down my spine as I heard him speaking the words.  I did
remember him saying something about Canada in our conversations, but I had
honestly assumed it was just talk.  I felt ashamed of myself for allowing fear
to invade my mind once again.  It was obvious to me that my subconscious had
used these little bits of information to create my nightmare.  I pushed the
fears aside and smiled up at Bruce. 

"I would love to go to Whistler with you," I said as I felt Bruce's right hand
tunnel under the covers and rest itself on my tummy.  He seemed to be checking
the stitches. 

"I have to tell you something Mandi," he said softly.  "When you were brought
into emergency you were completely naked.  I couldn't help looking at your body. 
I had a lot of trouble keeping my professional self and my personal self
separated.  You are more beautiful than I had ever dreamed." 

I could feel the beginnings of moisture between my legs as I listened to his
sweet words.  I felt his hand sliding down to the centre of my belly; then down
further.  It slid up and over my freshly shaven pubes.  I lifted my hips up to
him as his hand searched for my womanhood.  I gasped as his fingers spread the
lips,,,,,,___  ____     _________   _______. 

But wait a minute ..........  That's another story, isn't it? 
                                                                      
I hope you enjoyed my story. If you have I would love to hear from you.  Please
email me.          
                                                                     
ANGELGIRL                                                              
can-angel@canada.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angelgirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





