BDSM Library - Classmates




Classmates
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young military member returns home on leave and meets a female classmate that he just can't seem to remember... but who has designs on him...
Classmates

I had graduated from high school a couple of years before, and hadn't really
kept close contact with too many of the guys and girls life was beckoning and I
was heeding it's call. I had gone away and joined the military, saving my
country while I saved my money for college.

Coming home for a two-week leave, I re-acquainted myself with a couple of old
friends. We went out drinking, took in a movie, and things of that nature.

My comrades had left, and I was standing alone in front of the theater. They had
to work on the next day, and I was used to standing the mid-watch, so I was in
no way ready for bed.

As I considered what to do with the rest of my night, I noticed a sultry young
thing approaching. There was something vaguely familiar about her, but I
couldn't place her. She had golden-blonde hair, medium length and very curly.
The long ringlets bounced around her soft face as she drew nearer. In the light
cast off by the street lamps and the theater marquee, I noticed that her silk
blouse clung seductively to her, accentuating the small, but bare breasts
beneath the flimsy material. She wore short-shorts and had on leather thong
sandals. Her legs delicious and delicate from the red painted toe nails all the
way up to the barely covered crotch. I forced my attention back to her face, and
noticed the exquisite, pouting lips and playful eyes.

To my surprise and my pleasure, she stopped by me.

"Hello Donald", she whispered in a sexually provocative voice.

I had to look around, I knew that I might have seen this girl somewhere, but
there was no way I'd forget knowing her. I had no idea who she was.

"You don't remember me?" she asked and the lips accentuated their pout.

"No but I do want to get to know you," I answered.

"Well, why don't we go back to your place?" she said.

I swallowed hard. My place was my parents' house, and I didn't want to bring her
back there. Too many questions.

"I'm only in town for another week, why not your place?"

"O.k.," she said and took my by the hand.

We went to her car, and she handed me the keys.

"Why don't you drive?" she said and I accepted the keys and opened her door for
her. "You always were the gentleman," she purred.

Now I was puzzled. Who was this girl? Had my friends set me up? She was so hot,
there was no WAY I'd forget knowing HER!

She gave me directions and I drove along the nearly deserted streets. She slid
near me, and began tracing her index finger up and down my right arm. It was
exquisite and erotic and yet uncomfortable as I drove.

"I always wanted to get my hands on you... no that's not right... I always
wanted to be helpless and have you get your hands on me," she said and suddenly
her hand had dropped into my lap.

The erection was instant, there was a definite desire here, and I wanted her
nearly as bad. Still, for the sake of safe driving, I removed her hand from
where it massaged my cock through my jeans, and suggested she save it for later.

"Oh Donald, I've waited this long what's a little while longer?"

We drew near her apartment, and I parked the car as directed. We climbed from
the car, and headed toward the security door. She inserted her key, and I held
the door for her. She entered and it seemed that the ass was moving even more as
she walked before me. I looked and sucked in my breath as we walked.

Her apartment was the picture of femininity. Pink and white, lacy and soft,
overstuffed teddy bears and exotic perfumes.

"Do you like?" she asked.

"Yeah."

She led me to a very large sofa. It too had frilly and lacy pillows, and was
plush and soft. I sat down and she offered to get me a beer.

When she returned with the beer, she had changed. Gone were the shorts and
blouse, present was a baby-doll nightie, bright red with black trim. She walked
barefoot across the white carpet. She handed me the beer and opened her arms to
me.

I set the beer down and drew her close to me. I wrapped my arm around her waist
and drew her pelvic region against mine. I gazed deeply into her eyes and she
closed them and offered her mouth. I accepted and kissed her deeply.

I felt her knees get weak, and held her upright with the arm around her waist.
She pulled away and stood before me.

"Wow," she said, "I always thought that would be great."

"All right, now I've got to know where do we know each other from?"

"You really don't know?" she said as her hand went to delicately cover her
mouth.

"No I don't ."

"I knew you in high school," she said.

"What's your name again?"

"My name's Raquel but when you knew me it was David," she said softly and looked
toward the floor.

I was stunned. I was sickened. I was totally incensed. I couldn't speak or move.

"I thought you were playing along; I thought you..."

"SHUT UP!" I screamed at her... at him... at whatever IT was now.

Raquel stood before me, eyes lowered.

"I'm sorry," she said. I could hear the sadness and remorse in her voice.

"How could you... HOW COULD I?"

 "No Donald, it's not YOUR fault," she tried to comfort me. She reached out with
that delicate hand that had been a MAN'S!

I don't know whether to blame my own anger, or military training, or what, but I
reacted to my emotions and the heat of the situation. I pulled my hand away, and
then caught her with a chop directly where the neck and shoulder's meet. Raquel
dropped like a rock.

For a moment I was afraid I had killed her. My anger subsided and fear kicked
in. I dropped to my knees and checked her pulse and her breathing. Both were
present, strong, and regular.

As I knelt next to her, something inexplicable happened. I was gazing at her as
she lay unconscious, sprawled on the white carpet. I let my eyes trace her, from
those blonde curls, down the red and black teddy that now lay slightly askew and
exposed her right breast just a bit. The breast was definitely feminine, small
and soft, but the nipple was rigid and inviting. I brushed my hand lightly
across it, then drew it back. My pulse was rocketing my blood through my body.
My cock began to ache as it became too large for the captivity found itself in.

My eyes traced down the teddy to those legs. Perhaps they had once been a man's,
but David had never been very manly. I remembered that he was always soft, and
though he'd never been known to be gay it must have been horrible to want to be
straight just not a man!

Again I reached out and touched her. The legs were soft and smooth and I ran my
fingers down the smooth flesh. Moving all the way down to the feet, I lifted one
leg and looked. They were clean, and groomed; pedicured nicely. They were soft
and definitely not masculine. I had savored far worse in my lifetime.

I was overcome. I lifted Raquel from the carpet and carried her to the sofa. The
pain that was my erection cried out for relief, and I stood there with her at
her couch. It was a pretty picture, her curly hair falling all about her face
and shoulders as she lay across my arms. Her head rested on my chest and
shoulder, her arms and legs dangled loosely. I lay her gently upon the plush
fabric of her sofa and stepped back.

"I've always wanted to be helpless at your hands." Her words echoed in my ears.

I reached behind the end table and snatched the telephone cord from the wall.
Rolling Raquel onto her stomach, I bound her wrists securely behind her. Then,
snatching the cord from one of her lamps, I rolled her back onto her back and
lashed her ankles together. I strolled into her bedroom, and found a pair of
panties. I came back and forced them into her mouth and stood back and admired
the view.

About ten minutes later she woke. She pulled gingerly at her bonds, and looked
at me. I sat there and smiled.

"Well, you did say you wanted to be helpless, right?"

"Mmmpfff."

"Yeah, I thought that's what you'd say," I said.

"Mmmpffgff dyoonnn."

"Sorry, I speak three languages, but gaggage ain't one of them."

"Mmmgpppffff."

She wasn't screaming and she wasn't fighting the bonds. I had to know what she
was thinking.

"If I pull this gag out and you scream, I will hurt you."

"Mmmpfff," she said softly.

I pulled the panties from her mouth.

"This is what I've always wanted."

"Yeah, well it's a little weird for me I replied."

"I know. So what are you gonna do?"

I was astounded. I was having this normal conversation with a gal who was a guy
and I'd knocked out and tied up.

"I don't know seeing you helpless really got to me," I said.

"Yeah, I see," Raquel said as she moved her head toward my crotch.

"I don't know if I can DO it," I said.

"Would it be better if I was unconscious?"

"What?" I asked.

"Well, you got all hot when you knocked me out..."

"Yeah, but it was spontaneous I could have killed you just as easily."

"But you didn't and you won't," she said. She was making sense as much as
anything this night had.

"So now what?" I asked.

"Well, if you're game I've got some stuff in my bedroom top left drawer. Go get
it."

I moved into her bedroom again, and found the drawer. Inside I found a brown
bottle and a stack of square white sections of cloth. The bottle bore the simple
label. Chloroform.

I stood and looked at it, and thought about it. If she WAS out, I could
pretend... Hell, she was MORE of a woman than half of the girls I'd dated; they
always seemed to WANT to be IN CHARGE. What was better, hooking up with some
chick who wanted to be you or doing a former guy who wanted desperately to be
feminine for you?

I returned from the room with the bottle and a pad.

"How do you know I won't hurt you after I knock you out?" I asked her.

"I don't know, but I KNOW, if you know what I mean," she explained, "If you had
really wanted to hurt me, you'd have done it after you hit me. Now I consider
the risk to be worth the possible reward."

I looked at her; it was an odd situation. She was beautiful; lying helpless
before me. I knew that my loins would not know the difference I knew that my
desire was there. I uncapped the bottle.

It was not like most scenes I had seen, there was no terror in her eyes; there
was expectancy. I placed the soaked cloth across her nose and mouth. She
breathed in deeply several times. I watched the eyes glaze over and the lids
give in to sleep. As I pulled the cloth away, I bent down and gently kissed the
full, pouty lips. I dropped the cloth to the floor, and moved my hands to the
baby-doll in the baby-doll. I pulled the cloth away to expose her small breasts.
They moved gently up and down in slumber. Hesitantly I tasted of the flesh. I
was surprised As I moved forward and put the thought of David behind me, and
savored the taste and feel of Raquel, I breathed deeper and harder. My cock
swelled up larger than I had ever remembered. I finally pulled myself free of my
jeans.

As I relieved Raquel of her ankle bonds, I rubbed the engorged penis along those
delicate feet and legs. I moved toward the rest of the clothing. What would I
find?

As I wrestled the cloth from her body, I saw that the surgery had indeed been a
success. There was no sign of anything masculine about her pubic region. The
hair gracefully accentuated the man-made receptacle. I denied my mind it's
moment of doubt and mounted her.

It wouldn't have mattered what I rubbed against, her pussy, mouth, foot, hand I
was ready to explode. When I had finished, I lay there next to Raquel on her
sofa. I watched her breath in and out I rubbed my hand across the smooth flesh
of her breast again.

I rolled her over and untied her hands. Then I picked her up and carried her to
a large chair. I sat down and nestled her in my lap. My cock was coming to life
again, and it danced around between her thighs. I leaned her head against my
shoulder and sat with her sideways in my lap.

Gently I stroked her hair, and softly kissed her full lips again. She began to
stir.

"How was it?" she purred as she ran her hand up and down my erection.

"Wonderful, but I thought you'd like to be awake for this one," I offered.

"Whatever makes you happy," Raquel said.

"I looked into those sweet eyes and knew that I'd be made happy for a long, long
time. I carried her toward her bed and she kissed me deeply and passionately. I
knew that I'd be using the Chloro again some time, but not this time. This time
we were consummating and I wanted her to know that and to know that I'd found a
WOMAN to love.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  T W Cloth


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





