BDSM Library - Angie's First and Last Movie




Angie's First and Last Movie
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young woman goes to LA to become a movie star. Meets a man who promises to cast her but she doesn't know it will not only be her first film, it will also be her last and the part she plays is not a role sought by any starlet with dreams of fame.
Angie's First and Last Movie
By
Marion

Angie had been encouraged by everyone in her high school to pursue an acting
career, including her drama teacher. She was a beautiful girl, stood 5'8" with
milk white skin, deep auburn hair and a face that provoked stares. She was also
a talented singer as well as a very competent actress. So, at 18, right out of
high school she kissed her widow mother and hopped on the train to LA.

After six months she had run out of money and was working nights as a waitress
in an LA nightspot and seeking auditions during the day. It was at Freddies',
the bar, where she met Norman Charles.

Norman was a good-looking man in his thirties who was a semi-regular at
Freddies'. They had several mini conversations until one slow night he invited
her to sit down in his booth. He told her he was in the film business. This
excited her, so she sat down and found herself succumbing to his invitation to
appear in one of his films.

He said she might have to do a couple of nude scenes, if she was willing to do
so, he could see that she got a role.  After a moment she said of course, she
wouldn't mind if it was artistically necessary for the film. He wrote a phone
number on a napkin and suggested she give him a call the next morning.

Angie didn't sleep all night in anticipation of her call to him and the prospect
of actually being in a movie! When she called a woman with a soft sensual voice
answered the phone. Angie asked for Mr. Charles, but the woman said she was
expecting the call. He was out, but had left instructions: Angie was to pack all
of her personal information with her, including the napkin with Mr. Charles
phone number. As for clothes she didn't have to worry, Mr. Charles had all of
the costumes she would need. The woman said he was adamant in the fact that he
did not want her to leave any personal information in her apartment about
herself nor should she leave any word regarding the fact that she was being
considered for a movie. While she was curious about these instructions, she was
anxious to get into a movie, so she agreed and assured the woman that there was
no problem. The woman then told Angie that a car would be by to pick her up in
two hours.

Almost to the minute she was waiting in front of her apartment when a black
Escalade pulled up in front of her apartment. The passenger window rolled down
and the driver, a blond woman in her twenties smiled and invited her to get in.
She opened the door, put her small bag on the floor and climbed into the
passenger seat. From the sound of her voice, Angie knew this was the woman on
the phone. She introduced herself as Tara and asked if Angie had followed the
directions.

Angie smiled and replied: "Yes!"

A concerned look on her face the blond continued to press: "You are absolutely
positive that you left no indication of where you were going or what you were
intending to do?"

"No Mam!" Angie responded with a little irritation.

"Did you tell anyone what you were going to do?"

"No!" Angie said with as much emphasis as she could muster without sounding
angry. "Why are you so concerned? Jesus, if I don't make the audition, it sure
as hell won't be the first time I washed out!"

Tara smiled. "You won't wash my dear, I'm sure of that!"

Angie felt the flush of enthusiasm! "You think so? You really do think I'll make
the movie?"

"I'm sure of it!" Tara responded. "If you followed Master's instructions,
you..."

"Master? You mean Mister Charles?"

Embarrassed Tara swallowed hard and apologized; "It's ah, just a word we use to
refer to him." She forced a smile and a chuckle.

As the Cadillac wagon cut it's way through New York traffic, Angie's mind raced
as she contemplated her appearance in a film and the reactions of her mother and
friends when they saw her on the big screen! Before she knew it she noticed they
had made their way out of the city and were on the Jersey side of the Hudson
River.

After an hour on the road Angie asked: "Geeze, how far is the studio?"

"Not too much further." Tara responded as she took the two of them into rural
New Jersey. Before long Tara turned off the interstate and then off a primary
arterial and onto a rural country road. It was a single lane blacktop.

"Pretty remote place, huh?" Angie asked. "Her stomach turned as she grew
nervous. What kind of film was this?"

"Yep. Few more minutes and we'll be there."

The Escalade turned off the blacktop onto a gravel road and threw gravel dust
behind the vehicle. As they were passing a dense woods Tara slowed the vehicle
and pulled into a gravel driveway hidden in the trees. The drive was several
hundred yards long before it cleared the woods and came to an open area with a
farmhouse and several out buildings.

"What the hell is this?" Angie queried.

"You'll find out soon enough darling!" Tara responded as she pulled the Escalade
up to a large circular cement block building. "Here we are!" She added as she
put the shift in park and opened the door. "Everybody out!"

With some reluctance, a lump in her throat, Angie opened the door, already
regretting her decision to come without getting more information up front.

Tara led her to a metal door and held it open for her. As she walked inside Mr.
Charles and two other gentlemen were sitting around a desk. Behind the desk was
a heavy set man who looked to be in his fifties. He was smoking a cigar. As he
noticed the tow women he got to his feet.

"Ah, this must me Angie! Welcome my dear!" Turning to Mr. Charles, "My
compliments, Charley! She'll do nicely! Quite nicely!" He crossed over to Angie,
cigar in his mouth as he cupped her face in his fat hands. "Yes! Open your mouth
my dear."

Without thinking Angie opened her mouth.

"Wider my dear, wider!"

She stretched her jaw until it hurt wondering what the hell was going on.

"Very nice!" He stated. "Now my dear, would you remove your clothing for us?"

Angie was dumbfounded. "What? Why?"

Mr. Charles held his index finger to his mouth and said "Shhhhh! I told you you
might have to get naked."

"Yes, but...!"

The fat man's hand slapped her face! "No fucking buts young lady! You hear me,
no fucking buts!" His teeth were gritted together and there was no doubt he was
angered.

With hands shaking, she nervously began to unbutton her blouse. She was shaking
as she held it out for someone to take or seeking a place to hang it.

"Just drop it!" one of the men said in a cold voice.

She let it fall to the dirty floor. She then undid the clasp on her skirt and
let it also fall to the ground around her ankles. She was now in panties, a bra,
ankle socks and her saddle shoes.

"Common!" The old man barked! "Get on with it!"

She reached behind her back and unsnapped the bra and pulled it off her
shoulders. Her well formed, firm breasts hardly moved once the bra was off. The
men smiled at each other and two patted Mr. Charles on the shoulder.

"Common Cunt! Get rid of the panties!" One shouted.

Angie was stunned by is comment. "Wait a minute, you can't..."

She couldn't finish the sentence as the old man's hand once again caught the
side of her face! "Just shut the fuck up and get those panties, shoes and socks
off!"

Angie started to cry the tears she had been holding back. She instantly broke
into sobs and attempted to cover her breasts with her arms. "I want to go home!
I don't care about your stupid movie, I want to go home!"

The men all broke into laughter as the youngest one came to her and ripped her
panties off! "You stupid ass whore! From now on, for the rest of your sorry ass
life, this is your home!"

Startled her eyes found Norman Charles. "Mr. Charles?" She was begging for
clarification. Without speaking the words by speaking his name she wanted to
know what the other man meant? What about the movie? Would he offer some help?
What was happening?

Without speaking he pulled his chair over to her and made a gesture which
indicated she should sit. As she complied he said; "Cuff her!"

The two younger men put cuffs on her wrists and anchored them to the arms of the
chair. In the meantime Tara put plastic straps around her ankles so they were
secured to the legs of the chair. When she was secure Mr. Charles set his butt
on the desk, crossed his arms and began to clarify the situation.

"Angie, you are going to be in a movie, just as I promised."

"See, I told you!" Tara said.

"Shut up Bitch!" He barked at her. "Anyway, as I was saying, you will be in a
movie. We are the partners in a film production company called RSP Productions.
This gentleman is Orville Ramsdorm, our majority owner. This here is Jim Arrons
and this is Peter Fromm. We are all investors and we are depending on your
performance. I know you won't disappoint us. Jim and Peter will be in the movie
with you helping you with your performance. You know who I am. I'm basically in
charge of finding our stars, like you! By the way, RSP stands for Reality Snuff
Pictures. Do you know what snuff pictures are?"

Eyes filled with tears and voice shaking she shook her head no as she spoke the
word. "No."

"Well, what it means is your first starring role will be your last!"

"I, I don't understand?" Tears streaming down her face.

"Well, by the end of the picture you're life will be snuffed out! You'll be
dead, never to perform again! That's why it's so important that you give us your
very best performance!"

Angie began sobbing uncontrollably and in frustration, struggling at her cuffs!
"No! No! God No! Please Dear God No!"

Mr. Ramsdorm said, "Get this fucking cry baby out of here! Tara, get her fucking
shoes and socks off, get a training collar on her and put her in her cage until
we are ready. I've got a couple of regular customers coming to watch the
filming."

"Yes Master!" Tara responded as she slipped a strap around her neck. In the
portion that touched the neck there were sharp tacks used for training if women
like Angie attempted to escape. One the collar was on she opened the cuffs, cut
the plastic straps around Angies ankles. She then led Angie into a small room at
the far end of the building where there were at least a half dozen metal dog
runs with wire mesh all around the cages. Each was about six feet by six feet.
She opened one cage and pushed Angie inside. "Listen, don't give them any
bullshit. If you're quiet and do like they say, they'll make it quick, otherwise
they'll make you suffer." She secured the lock and left.

As she scanned the room she saw two other women sitting in cages. She tried to
get them to speak. "Hey! Hey! How long have you been here?"

Neither woman would respond. She tried again and didn't notice Norman Charles
approach.

"They've already given their performances." He said a smile cutting across his
face. "They're stars already!"

"Are? Are they dead?"

"Been that way since late last night when we finished their film. They were
great! The blond killed her sister for us by fucking her with a butcher knife!
Good stuff! We'll make a pretty penny off of that one!"

"She killed her own sister?"

"Yep! Didn't have much of a choice. Ramsdorm's pit bull was horny and hungry. If
she refused we knew that would really make some great film, but she decided to
take the low road and kill her sister! Selfish pig!"

"My God!"

"Well if he is your God, you might want to start asking him to save your soul,
cause I guarantee you your flesh will be dead by tomorrow's sunrise!" He
chuckled and began to walk away.
"Wait! Wait!" Angie cried out.

"Yes?" Isn't there anything I can do?"

"You enjoy orgasms?"

"Yes. Yes, I do, why?"

"Then fuck yourself my dear because the ones you'll get on film won't give you
what you hope for!" He turned and left.

She sunk to her knees and bawled uncontrollably.

Hours past as she lay there huddled in the corner of her cage. She contemplated
suicide, but there were no knives or pills or anything sharp to cut her wrists!
Her suicidal thoughts were finally interrupted when Peter unlocked the gate to
her confines and ordered her out! He was naked. His body was covered with a
thick coating of black hair and his cock must have been seven or eight inches
long hanging limp. As he held the gate open he slipped on a soft leather head
cover so that he would not be recognized on the film. As he put it on Angie
froze in her tracks, screamed and attempted to remain in the cage! Peter grabbed
her!

"Common you stupid fucking cunt! You're going to be a fucking movie star!"

He pulled her from the cage and dragged her into the center of the building
where large tarps surrounded a movie set. On one side was a bed in a bedroom
setting, on another was a dungeon like setting and on a third side there was a
box on the floor and a rope hanging from the ceiling with a hangman's noose. The
fourth side was were the cameras and director and the camera men worked. Angie
was surprised to see Tara there. She too was naked and crying.

Jim Arrons, the fourth guy she met earlier was apparently directing. "Okay
ladies, here's how it's going. Cooperate and we'll have some fun with this, get
temperamental and I'll see to it you are fucked up good and believe me I know
how to induce pain! Got that?"

"Yes Master." Tara responded choking on the words.

Angie nodded, "Yes."

"Good! Now here's how it goes. Angie, you come into the bedroom and see Tara
strapped to the bed by your husband, who is played by Peter. He is whipping her
cunt with a cat o nine tales. You get excited and start to play with yourself
like a real slut! You fall to your knees in front of Peter and begin to suck his
cock as you continue to masturbate! He ultimately shoots his load in your mouth.
Then he gets angry. Who the fuck cares why, but he get angry at you! He looses
the cuffs holding Tara and orders you both to the cellar. Take two: were in the
dungeon. You are strapped to the table and we see Peter ordering Tara to stuff
cheese up your cunt and smear soft cheese on your tits! Then he orders her to
sit in that chair and tightens the straps so that she is held there while he
plays with you. Got it?"

"Yes sir, but cheese? May I ask...." Angie responded.

"Of course you may. Peter, get the cage."

Peter retrieved a cage and brought to Jim. "These are white rats my dear, they
love cheese. You are going to feed them!"

"No! No! I won't! I won't do it! Dear God, No!" Angie screamed and tried to run
out of the shooting area. Mr. Ramsdorm stopped her and hit her hard in the
stomach! "Get the fuck back in there or I'll kill you myself, right now!" He
barked. "Fuck it! Cut the preliminary scene, we'll go right to the rats! Fucking
cunt!"

Angie was screaming as they took her to the table and strapped her body so that
she couldn't move! Her legs were raised so that her ankles were bound to her
thighs and a spreader bar was placed between her knees to give the rats complete
unabridged access to the cheese that would be stuffed in her tender pussy! She
begged and screamed as Peter yelled to the cameraman, "Get some of this shit on
tape, it'll make good film!"

Secured, Tara was instructed to fill Angie's cunt and smear her breasts and face
with Limburger cheese. While doing so she was instructed to caress Angie and
kiss her as if she was making love to her. Tara worked beautifully and Angie
actually enjoyed her kisses and caresses. She managed a whisper, "Help me,
please!" Tara only responded with a helpless glance.

Ramsdorm approached the table holding a white rat in his hands. "Well my sweet
little bitch I want you to meet Harold." He held the rat to Angie's face and
instructed; "Kiss him won't you? He's dying to kiss you! You smell the wonderful
lunch daddy has prepared for you?" He was petting the rat as he spoke. "I said
kiss him you bitch!" He barked. Not knowing why she responded affirmatively she
turned towards the rat and made a kiss with her lips. He then placed the rat on
the table and added: "Time to eat baby! Roll film!"

"Rolling!" Came the response.

Angie started screaming and attempting to twist her helpless body as she felt
the white rat begin to sniff her vaginal area. The cameraman was also at the
base of the table following the rat as he began nibble the cheese! Angie's body
was convulsing uncontrollably! Her  hips had been secured but she managed to
move them enough to frighten the rat for a moment.

"More rats!" Ramsdorm ordered. And three more rats were placed on the table. One
on each breasts and one on her upper chest so it could enjoy the cheese crammed
up her nose and around her mouth!  Poor Angie screamed, but no one would help!
As he directed the cameraman, Jim opened his slacks and began to masturbate.

Peter, still naked with his face covered came into the picture, crawled up on
the table and standing over Angie began to piss on her and the rats! His urine
didn't bother the feasting rats! One had his head buried in her cunt as he
devoured the cheese. It was noticeable his teeth were cutting into her vagina
walls by the way her hips spasmed and by her screams!

Blood could be seen dripping from the opening of her cunt and from one of her
breasts! This excited Ramsdorm and he too began to masturbate as he murmured;
"Eat the fucking cunt! Kill the bitch my babies!"

Her hands bound to the chair, Tara was also excited her hips humping the air!
"Oh my God, she's being fucked bloody by a rat! Oh my God!" She screamed.

Angie's screams were garbled and she was becoming hoarse from screaming!

Peter got down between her legs and pushed the rump of the rat buried in her
cunt. "Eat the bitch you mother fucker! Eat her fucking cunt out!" He urged, his
cock hard and filled with excitement.

"Loosen her hip straps!" Jim yelled.

Peter loosened the straps on her hips and the ones holding her chest down! "Now
bitch! Now let us see you fucking jump!"

Her right breast, the one closest to the camera, the nipple was hanging by a
thread of skin and was now bleeding profusely as was her vagina! All that could
be seen of the rat in her vagina was the wire like tale and the base of his
rump. He had obviously cut through the walls of her uterus and was feasting on
her womanhood! Her lips and nose were also bloody and she kept fighting to keep
her mouth closed so that the rat on her lips could not taste her tongue!

As the camera moved to her left side they could see that the rat on that side
had avoided the nipple and had pursued the fat underside of her breast. A huge
chunk of flesh was missing and blood was streaming down onto the table. Angie
was gagging as vomit spilled from her mouth!

"The vomit! Get the vomit!" Jim yelled to the cameraman.

"Got it!" Came the response.

"Okay, cut!" Jim yelled. "Lets put the rats away and see what we got left of
this cunt!"

After a moment Peter started laughing and everyone turned to find out what was
so funny.
"Rat's stuck up her fucking cunt! Can't get  him out!"

Everyone laughed.

"Well, pull the fucking thing by the tail!" Ramdorm ordered.

"Yes sir, I'll try!"  He grabbed the tail and pulled as Angie let out a
blood-curdling scream! The rat came out but obviously his claws had ripped her
vaginal wall and threads of her body hung from his sharp claws!

"God damit! I'll bet we didn't get the scream or the rats claws on tape did we!"
Ramdorm screamed in disgust! "What the fuck are we here for? To let good shots
go to hell?"

"Sorry boss." The cameraman responded.

"I ordered cut, my fault." Jim added.

"Careful, or I'll put the two of you on that table!" Ramsdorm responded.

Silence filled the room for a moment as the crew gathered around Angie. She lay
silent, her eyes open and filled with panic. It was now obvious how much damage
the rats had done to her breasts and face.

Chuckling Ramsdorm said; "My dear you are one sorry fucking mess! I told you not
to play with rats! Slutty fucking whore, you just don't listen!

Angie managed to spit up towards him, but did not have the strength to spit so
that it would hit him.

Everyone laughed.

"Still got some life in the bitch!" Peter said.

"Well, my boy, we're going to have to depend on you to change that, aren't we?"

"Yes sir, with pleasure sir!" He responded.

"All right gentlemen, let's get her over to the noose!" Ramsdorm instructed.

They loosened her straps and carried her over to the box in the third set. They
had to hold her up on the box as they slipped the noose around her neck!

"Now my dear, you will perform for us the dance of death!" Ramsdorm said with a
smile.

Angie couldn't respond. Her eyes were glazed as blood dripped from her right
nipple and a steady stream of blood flowed from below her left breast and her
torn cunt. She was weak and knew she was near death.

"Now don't go and die on us to soon, we have to make sure our customers get
their monies worth!" Ramsdorm added as he walked back to where the director was
sitting.

Peter lighted a big Churchill cigar and took several puffs until end glowed a
bright red.

"Ready?" Jim asked.

"I am." Peter responded. "Are you ready my dear?" He asked with a chuckle.

No response except for the hate in Angie's eyes.

"Roll tape!" Jim instructed.

"Rolling." Came the response.

The cigar clamped in his mouth, the majority of his face still hidden by the
mask, Peter stroked his cock as he played with Angies bloody vagina. He probed
until most of his hand was buried inside her cunt and she screamed! When she did
he yanked  his hand out and reached up and slapped her face with his blood
covered hand! "Shut up you fucking pussy! Shut the fuck up! You wanted to be a
star and now you are one you ungrateful pig!"

He then took the cigar out of his mouth and held it the nipple of her left
breast. Another scream another slap! Then he planted the hot ash on her left
nipple and pressed it in! "You want to scream, I'll give you reason to scream
you cunt! You spoiled fucking brat!"

Her body lurched from the pain and one foot fell off of the box.

"So you want to commit suicide, is that it?" He asked sarcastically. "You want
to cheat me and your fans out of some screams you selfish whore? Fuck you! Fuck
you!" With that his fist smashed into her gut knocking her off the box as she
gagged, vomit spilled from her mouth and she struggled for air! He let her swing
for a moment and then caught her and put her feet back on the box. "Not quite
yet my dear. Soon, but not yet!"

"First, let's see what you are made of in there. Lets see what you got!" He
grabbed a twelve inch hunting knife and teased her by probing her flesh with it.
Laughing he ran the sharp blade under the right breast so it began to bleed like
the left one. "Yes! Very pretty!" he said, admiring his work. "And let's see you
see to be doing fine without the nipple you gave to your rat pet, it's obvious
you don't need this one!" With a flash his blade cut through the nipple of her
left breast. He caught it in his hand and stuck it in her mouth! "There you go
my dear, fresh as can be!"

She gagged and spit it out! This infuriated him as he grabbed it and forced it
back in her mouth, held her mouth and nose until her adam's apple signaled she
had swallowed it.
"That's better!" He said with a smile. "See you liked it didn't you? Now how
about a little pussy?" His knife cut out a fatty part of her groin still covered
with public hair. "I didn't have a chance to skin it, but enjoy!" He stuck the
hair covered fleshy cunt meat into her mouth and again held her nose and mouth
until she swallowed it. "Good girl! See, your fans are going to love this part
of your movie!"

Running the blade of the knife down the crack of her pussy the edge cut into the
soft flesh and blood started covering her cunt hair. The point then found the
opening of her vagina and he said, "Time to fuck little girl!" With that he
shoved the knife deep into her already bloody cunt! The scream was deafening! He
continued to work the knife in and out of her cunt until blood was pouring out
onto the floor covering his hand and arm! "Oops!" He said, "Don't tell me you
didn't want a hysterectomy? Oh gosh, my mistake!" He broke into laughter. "I'm
just a "practicing sadist, sorry!" he added.

Moving a chair over in front of her he climbed up and stood face to face with
her. "You know what? Your fans tell me you're a snooty little bitch who is
really vain about her looks. What do you say we fix that? We'll widen you smile
and maybe take a little off the nose. You like that?"  She didn't respond. "Okay
if you say so." He placed the knife inside her lips and cut two inches into her
cheeks on both sides. Then with a flash he cut off the tip of her nose! "She
passed out and slumped, the rope choking off all air.

"Well, it looks like our little starlet didn't like her nose job or the smile we
gave her! Well then, fuck her! Fuck her to hell!" With that he buried the knife
in her upper abdomen making sure he penetrated her heart!

He slashed her again and again as Jim yelled, That's a wrap!"

As the camera stopped Peter kept plunging the knife into the dead body! "Fucking
snobs! Fucking bitches come out here and look down on everyone else! Fuck you
you bitch! Fuck you!"




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Marion


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





