BDSM Library - Hermione's Plan: Deflower Jinny




Hermione's Plan: Deflower Jinny
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Hermione plan to practice Harry to master of sex. She deceived Jinny to become his victim. Sub Story of Harry Potter's Sequence.
Hermione's Plan : Deflower Jinny
written by J.K.Snape

In the evening, Harry, Ron and their friends join bathing at Hogwart big bath
room. After 2 years in Hogward School of Witch and Wizard, Harry get used to
public bath with many other friends. He heard that girls are share their tube
too. That make he feel horny thinking about girls - Chloe and Hermione - naked
and wash their body.

"What's you thinking Harry?, I see your dick get hard" Ron kidding with him.
Harry blushes
"Not really, just think about girl's bathroom. Is it the same as here?"
"I don't know. Never get there or Professor McGonnagal will kill me so as my
mom"
"I..I did" Neville speak silently.
"What? How?" every boys pay attention on Neville.
"I got lost a..and I try to find the way. I found myself in girl's bathroom.
Look the same as here by more sweet scent"
"and then?" Ron asked
"I'm nervious so I ran away"
"Oh! Neville. You should explore more if you have chance"
"I think there is nothing without the girls, You know that. Girl's bathroom
interest us because of the girls" Harry said
"You grow up! Harry. But I bet you wish to see Chloe in there" Ron mentioned
about Chloe a beautiful seeker that Harry fell in love with.
"Anyway, I never seen a real naked girl before. Even Hermione." Ron put himself
in the bath tube. Harry try not to face Ron when he said about Hermione. Ron
never know his affair with Hermione. Actually it's really affair after all. It's
because her wrong spell while she try to remove her pubic hair. Harry has to
stick his wand and cast spell inside her cunt. He never have sex with her even
he have suck her juice and her mouth has been raped. If Snape didn't interupt
him, he may shave in her acclaimed virgin cunt.

"Oh shit Harry stop it before your dick grow bigger than your head !" Ron said
loadly make him shy
"Stop it Ron. Can't I fantasized alone " Harry protested
"Harry, you have such a big dick. Make me jealous" Ron said and look to his.
"Yeah. Some girls may scream as death if she got yous" Chermus kidded.

Harry worryed if Hermione can take his dick eventhough her mouth can take it.
What's different size betwwen her mouth and her cunt. He wondered.

On the boy's bathroom wall, there is a hole with the eye sneaked on them. Those
eyes is Jinny's, Ron's little sister. She was 12 years old with slim body, Large
brown eyes and family's red hair. She's watching with the hand touching her
place. She fell in love with Harry at first sight but Harry seem not to attract
to her. She keep watching him and help herself until she find this hole.

"Oh Harry. I don't know you have a big dick. I don't know how my narrow slit can
take your. Even then I want you a lot" Jinny moan

Jinny has masterbate since Harry have save her life at her 1st year. She always
remember his touch when carry her body back from the tunnel. When her budding
breast touch his chest. But he so gentle and famous especially always hanged
with his brother Ron. So she didn't have much chance to see him. Jinny keep
thinking without notice someone come near her.

"You shouldn't be here, Jinny" Hermione whispered at her ear.
"Ahh !!" Jinny screamed with shocked
Boys hear scream and said to go and see what happen.

"Hermione !!" Jinny speak loadly.
"Shu!! Quiet. You wouldn't like to let the boys know you are peeping them.
Right?" Hermione whispered.
"But how you get here"
"There's no time for this. I will help you escape but you have to promise to do
something for me"
"What is it ?"
"Promise first and I will tell you when we move"
"But.." Jinny hear boy's noise near her room.
"Yes or No. Free or Catched" Hermione was  theatening her."Harry won't like you
to sneak him naked, right?"
"Ok I promise. Can we go now?"

"POP !!" Suddenly Jinny found herself sit on Gryfindor corridor and Hermione
appear in the next second.
"You can teleport ! I don't know you can." Jinny sound surprise.
"I succeed  it just last month. Now we talk about thing I want you to do" Jinny
have fear in her eyes
"What's you want me to do ? Hermione"
"You like Harry a lot. isn't it?"
"Yes, but.."
"He doesn't think about you that way" Hermione speak for her
"Hermione. What I can do to make him like me more ?"
"It's exact like what I want you to help" Jinny is totally confuse. "I want you
to have sex with Harry"
"WHAT? I'm only 12. How can I.."
"You old enough to help yourself masterbate. I don't think it's too far"
"I.. I just touching mine, you know, I never go that far" Jinny blush with shy
reddish face.
"Do you orgasm?" Hermione ask striaghtly.
"Yes, sometimes"
"This may make Harry interesting in you as a girl not a child"
"But what you got if I do it ?"
"I want you to train him to be a great wizard. He should know how to fuck" even
Jinny shy to hear "F" word but she notice that Hermione was so sexy with saying
"Fuck"
"But.. He never alone. How that I get into him?"
"I will set arrangement for you. Don't worry just prepare yourself"
"Prepare myself. Ah Yes It's my  first time. I scare a bit and wonder what I
should do?"
"I will teach you but now I have to do my homework. Meet me at 5 , Tomorrow,
here " Hermione speak quickly and turn to move to her room.
"Hermione wait !!" Jinny stop her
"What Jinny?"
"I want to say thanks"
"Your welcome. Oh, it will be nice start if you sleep naked today "
"Hah? There is the others. I shy"
"There all girls. Do as I say. OK?" Hermione leave Jinny in fussing.

Another day, Jinny feel tried because yesturday she didn't have a nap. She
thought about having sex with Harry and strange agreement with Hermione all
night. Jinny seem lack of confidence and cannot accept what Hermione try to make
her do. So pervert ! she thought. How Hermione does that pervert thing. To force
her to open her leg for a boy so easy, make her a whore.

"Jinny !" Hermione  suddenly appears make her scream.
"What Hermione?" Jinny still surprise
"Are you ready ? To make it  with Harry ?"
"Oh Hermione I think I am.."
"You won't do it ?"
"Uh.. yes." Jinny feel guilty.
"You promise"
"Yes but I think I can't"
"I think so, so I make it easy for you"
"How ?"
"Imperio !" Hermione cast spell to Jinny. Suddenly, Jinny feel like in the sweet
dream and want to being touched.

Hermione move to Jinny's undeveloped breast and sqeeze it.
"I know you are young and virgin. So pain to being tear virginity by someone's
big cock like Harry's, but everyone has to have the first time, You understand?"
"Yes, Hermione" Jinny don't know why she easily obey to Hermione. She know what
happen but can't resist. Hermione grab her nipple and softly play with it
through her robe and bra.
"Follow me"

As Hermione speak suddenly Jinny feel herself in the bathroom. Even it look the
same but she can notice that there is boy's bathroom, she watch Harry yesturday.
Why here? She scare what Hermione might tell her to do.
"Strip you cloth, don't you feel like to clean yourself"
"Yes, Hermione" Jinny feel frighten when her hand start to grab the edge of her
robe and pull it up, slowly reveal her young body.
"Fine body. You have such a smooth skin" Hermione touch it after Jinny take her
robe away."Boys like to sliding into a girl like you. What are you waiting for?
Show your nipple and pussy now" As she order, Jinny slow take off her bra and
panty. Hermione move close to her and turn her body face to the tube.
"bend down" She said and force her to bend her down till her face lay on the
edge of bathing tube cause her ass raise up and outstanding.
"So nice, spead you leg" Jinny so embarrassing in the gesture. She feel Hermione
bent to close look in her between leg and scream out when Hermione stinck her
finger in her virgin pussy.
"So tight. You are so small. I curious if I make this mistake. Anyway, I read
the book about anatomy. It said vagina can adjust to the size of the penis. I
wish Harry won't do it roughly."

Jinny shock as death when she hear the door slam. Someone coming while she is
spreading her pussy. She can't move or hide. Her body won't listen to her.
"Jinny, what are you doing? " Jinny remember that is Harry voice.
"Hah ! , He is on time." Hermione said
"I better go out" Harry said and move
"Stop him !" As hermione order Jinny is standing and point  her  wand to the
door "Ammo Herori !!". The door is locking in loud noise.
"What are you doing Jinny? Let me go. People shouldn't see two of us in here
especially while you are naked" Harry hide his face while talking to her

"Two ?" she think. He doesn't see and hear Hermione. Why? Maybe it's Hermione
spell.
"Why Harry? Don't you like my body" Jinny mouth speak the word that come from
Hermione
"Not like that Jinny, You know I'm your brother's best friend" Harry speak when 
fail to unlock the door.
"Jinny, show him your pussy" Hermione tell her.
"No !" her conscious refuse but her knee bend to sit on the bathroom floor and
open her ankles wide apart revealing her pussy fresh in his eyes. Harry stunned
with what he saw.
"You want to slide in virgin, won't you" Jinny totally lose herself and let
Hermione guide her body to show whatever she has.
Harry walk to her slowly and bend down take to her.
"I won't do if you refuse, I won't love you Jinny, do you still won't to do it
?" Jinny almost cry in her mind with his word.
"Fuck me" Her mouth told him.
"OK" Harry take all his cloth off. Jinny frighten with his huge cock and looking
Hermione with weak eyes beg her to stop all terrible that gonna happen. Hermione
stand still and grazing Harry's dick. Harry start touching her shoulder and slid
his hand all over her skin. He lick and kiss her neck. Move close to body untill
her naked body is embraced by his body. His both hand grab each of her ass and
push it apart result her anal hole feel the cold air. Harry  raise Jinny's
little body up and place her anus on his lap. Jinny feel awkward when her anus
touch the tip of Harry's penis.
"I can't believe it. He gonna take your asshole first" Hermione speak with
surprise. "Jinny don't try to resist. It will make it worst. Try to take take
his dick in"

Speak is easier than doing it. Even Jinny can't control her body, Her muscle
around her anus refuse his tip as her weight make her sit on his cock deeper.
"Ah Jinny. Don't resist ! please let my cock go inside" Harry said and rub her
nipple to release her tension. Jinny feel heat on her pink nipple.
"Oh Jinny your are only a child, so young"
"Ahh ! It's very hurt Harry" Jinny bury her face in to his chest and cry when
Harry completely bury his dick into her. Jinny feel penetrate and ache in her
asshole.
"Oh Jinny you are breeding" Hermione cry out.
"Hermione" Harry remember her voice and turn back but can't see her.
"Jinny. Is hermione here ?" Harry ask while Jinny still crying.
"Yes, she force me to have sex with you"
"What ?"
"Shit ! Spell decline. I have to go now" Hermione disappeal quickly
"Only me can see and hear her, but she gone now"
"She's so cruel, so you don't need to make love to me"
"No ! Harry I like you a lot but I don't think to be the way" Jinny protest
"Fine ! So.. Can we go on?"
"Uhm.. I think.. I think it's ok.. if you do it without my permission" Jinny
hide her face while try to tell what her want.
"What does it mean? No permission. Do you like me to rape you?"
"I'm not a pervert, but after such a thing happen. I think will more enjoy if
you pretend to rape me"
"I don't know if I can do good. I have raped no one before. But I will do it -
rape you another hole"
"I still virgin, so..rape me hard"

Harry can't believe how all things happen. How Hermione deceived such nice girl
like Jinny to become slut that like to be abused. He think so hard while knock
Jinny on the floor, bound her hand with magic, rip her leg apart and hardly push
his fully erect cock striaght into her vulva. Jinny cry with pain of her virgin
tissue penetrate and being ripped. Harry force his cock
bury and completely disappear in her cunt. Jinny start throbbing and moan.

"Is this a magic Harry? Feeling so good, so wonderful"

Harry place her legs on each side of his shoulder and thrust his dick in and out
roughly. He start moaning.

"I'm coming Harry, I cum"
"No, you can't, I'm not allow" He pull he dick off and turn her to sit on her
knee and pump her from backside. He raise one of her leg to the air and side
fuck her with his hand grab her pussy and ass. Pull it to crash his thigh and
thrust more and more. He can hear his cock breaking with her vagina wall.

"I love you doing that. Ahh ! Am I breed?"
"You're breeding from both pussy and ass, Jinny"
"Hermione, she is bitch, fucking slut. doing this to me. I gonna curse her."

Harry now grab her both legs in the air and continue pump her fast. Jinny have
to hang with the edge of the tube prevent her from falling because her little
body now up to the air. Harry standing behind  her between leg and fuck hard
again.

"Ah Harry AH----" Jinny throbbing and scream.
"I cumming" Harry moan loudly and shot his cum to full her tiny vagina until it
leek outside down her leg.

Both Harry and Jinny exhaust and try to relief.

"I love you Harry, you do it so good"
"I can't love you. I told you"
"I know but I happy that I lose my virgin with you"
"Don't tell anyone, especially Ron"
"I know"

Harry wash her up and bath together before someone will find them. Jinny still
hurt and breed.
"I better heal you, I know some spell" Harry said with guilty eyes
"Don't be so sad, it's not you false. It's Hermione"

After that Harry and Jinny hide in Gryfindor Secret Room to use spell heal her
cunt. Jinny is on her knee, half naked bend her pussy to Harry. He sit behind
her with book and a wand in his hand. He use the wand touch her pussy lip to see
inside.
"You look terrible, Jinny. If Ron see this he might kill me. Are you still
hurt?"
"Yes, it's hurt more now"

"You won't try to be a pervert doctor, right ?" Hermione suddenly appear. Harry
is in shock but Jinny look her with anger.
"I'm looking two of you. You're fucking so loud, don't you think?  I have to
spell on everyone come near there, include Neville"
"What's you think you are doing? You make me rape Jinny." Harry shout at her.
"Don't you like your training, Harry? I think Jinny enjoy it. Her voice seem
enjoy" Hermione protest
"You're so cruel" Jinny said in tear.
"Now we better hurry heal your cunt. God ! Harry. Are you sadism?, It's look
terrible."
"I wish you be abused some day" Harry still angry.
"Anyway, we can solve this. I can use some good spell to heal yours, Jinny"
"I hate you, Hermione"

Harry hope that no one with find him and hermione use spell with Jinny sit half
naked show her pussy in the air. Look so strange.

"Agh---" Jinny scream after Hermione use 2-3 spell.
"Sorry Jinny it will hurt a bit but better heal this in a minute"
"Are you sure with your spell? Last time you trouble me with your icy pussy."
"You said like you don't like it. It's icy before you make it juicy"
"Were you two fucking?" Jinny said in shock.
"Not really?" Harry protest.
"We never fuck. He just thrust his dick and fuck my jaw" Hermione ironic
"It's call deep throat" Harry protest
"You're totally barbarian" Hemione shout to him.
"And you still force me to fuck him?" Jinny angrily speak to her.
"Do you like it ?"
"...." Jinny can't answer. Yes, she like it but she doesn't want Harry to feel
her cheap."I like a whore and you are psycho slut"
"And what about Harry ? Is he only the one couldn't be blame?"
"I don't blame him. Ah !"
"Sorry. OK, you will be alright in an hour." Hermione turn to Harry "Harry, I
want you to be great in bed and learn how to please a girl, so..could you
forgive me for all this happen?"
"You better ask Jinny. She hurt a lot because of you."
"I said only if you have enough experience than I will let you fuck me, do you
remember?"
"Yes"
"Are  you still interesting ?"
"Yes" Harry look to Jinny, She has a bit bitter in her face.
"You will meet a lot of training, I will tell you if I'm ready." Hermione said
and quickly leave the room.

Jinny get up and dress in proper. She come close and look at Harry. At the
moment, Harry know what he should do now is kissing her, but should he?. Jinny
doesn't wait him. She standing on her tip hug him and have deep kiss with him.
So long time until she step back and starring in silence. She hide her face only
one word come out of her mouth.

"Good night" Jinny said and rush off the room.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kevin Clik


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





