BDSM Library - A Man's Two Favorite Properties




A Man's Two Favorite Properties
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Master enjoys both his favorite and most valuable properties. Story was written by request by slave star for a gift for her Master. I am glad they liked it.
"A MAN'S TWO FAVORITE PROPERTIES"
(STAR'S STORY)
Part one

Slave star finished her hair and make up. She again dried her hairless cunt as
she looked at the clothes her Master had laid out on the bed for her. It was a
semi- formal occasion. His prize racehorse was running in the Rainbow Futurity.
A purse of $250,000.00 US, was at stake. He had chosen a long black skirt with a
slit on the side, the usual hose and garter belt, 6-inch heel and a white shear
blouse. Star knew that in the right light he tits would be easily seen through
the blouse. There was also some thing under a towel on the bed. She had been
told to uncover it after she put on her hose and garter belt. As usual no bra or
panties.

Slut star attached the last snap to the top of her hose and turned to the towel.
She was not a new slave but her Master has a way to keep her from getting used
to any torment. She removed the towel. She found some thing that sent shivers up
her back. A thick six-inch butt plug with numerous nubs covering the entire
surface. Along with the plug was a leather harness.

Without any lubricant star knew what to do. Taking the plug she placed it on the
chair. Kneeling down she lowered her head and opened her mouth. Sucking the plug
in she bobbed her head, sucking and licking the rubber device, coating it with
as much spit as she could.

After a minute she hear her Master walk in, he already was dress and had been on
the computer and phone. The slave did not stop, she knew better. The slut kept
giving the plug a good suck job. He smiled, turned and left his whore to her
job.

 When star thought she had it wet enough she stood. Bending over she held the
plug to the chair and lowered her ass. Before it touched her asshole, star
rubbed it on her soaking wet cunt. She managed to get the first few inches into
her hole and coated with her juice. She could not take too much time as He was
waiting. She sat back and relaxed her muscles. With a steady pressure the
torturous plug slowly disappeared into her tight asshole! The slave gritted her
teeth as she felt the painful pleasure of the intrusion.

Her ass closed over the thin base of the plug. She took a moment for the pain to
subside, and calm her breathing. Clinching the ass around the plug star walked
to the bed and picked up the harness. She had worn these before to keep in a
variety of plugs and dildos but this one was a little different. It was a little
thinner than most. She cinched the belt portion around the waist and ran the
strap down between the cheeks of her ass. After the strap passed the base of the
plug and just before it reached her cunt, it split in two. Star pulled it
through and attached each end to the buckles in the front. A moment of study and
it dawned on the. She adjusted the leather as it appeared to be intended. The
straps went on each side of her cunt, there were small alligator type clips
riveted on the straps. Pulling her labia she pinched open the clips, when the
flesh was between the jaws she slowly released the clip. It pinched as the metal
closed down on the sensitive skin. The slave repeated the procedure with her
other lip. She slowly stood up in front of her full-length mirror. The harness
effectively kept the plug in her ass while keeping her cunt opened wide. She saw
her cunt sparkle as her juices oozed. Her clit was hard. Hearing her Master yell
"Cunt are you fucking ready yet!" Her answer was "Almost Sir!"

She quickly put on the dress, shoes and soon to be embarrassing blouse. Ear
rings and a set of pearls finished her outfit.

At a jog she ran to her waiting Owner. Standing in front of him, with her wrists
crossed behind her and head down slave star presented her for inspection to her
Master Michael.




Part 2

They were running a bit late, for which star would be punished. He snapped his
fingers and pointed to her dress. Star reached down and pulled up her dress, to
show him that she had the harness properly installed. He also ran his hand over
her bare mound. He was pleased at how smooth she was, although he would not show
it to her then. The Master walked around her back and gave her a slight push.
She understood the signal; quickly she raised the back of her skirt and bent
forward. Again he ran his hand over her flesh. He tapped the butt plug hard; the
vibration sent shivers through the humiliated slave.

"Time to go, my dear" said Michael as her grabbed her shoulder, pulled her up
and gave is property a sweet peck on the cheek.

Poor star followed Michael; her first steps were just plain strange. She has had
plugs in her ass many times but the clips on her cunt, they pulled painfully at
each lip. Star was glad she had long sleeves on as she was covered with goose
bumps.

At the car, her Master even opened the door for her. Because the skirt was too
long and he did not want it wrinkled, star was allowed to sit on the skirt
instead of her bare ass.

On the drive to the racetrack they spoke of the race, the horse and many things
like the regular couple most people thought the were.

They pulled into the track and waited on the valet parking line for 5 min or so.
One of the valets opened star's door and reached out for her hand. Taking it she
placed her leg out on the ground. Her lovely leg pushed through the slit in the
skirt. As she stood up the busy valet did not take notice at first then did a
double take when he saw that he could barely see her firm tits and hard nipples
through her shear blouse.

Star's Master held out his arm, she took it with pride and love. The walk to the
Jockey Club was torturous for star. Michael kept up a fast pace, the plug moved
in her ass and the clips pulled relentlessly on her stretched cunt lips.

Reaching the entrance to the Club, Michael kissed star on the cheek and
whispered "Ready my sweet slut, stand tall and stick out those great tits."

The hostess greeted them by name, before she turned to lead them to their box,
star noticed the hostess, taking a quick glance at her shear-clad chest.

The sat at in the box, Michael shook hands and greeted the many people he knew.
Some of the people star already knew others her Owner introduced to her. With a
proper word and a slight submissive bow, star returned the greetings. Knowing
them or not she got the usual looks. She turned rather red with the most obvious
stares.

The plug pushed further up her ass as she sat and watched the first couple of
races. She cheered for the horses that her Master had bet on. She had better, at
the end of the day she would receive a swipe of the crop for each ten dollars he
lost. He bet heavy.

Michael would send his slave to place the bets; he loved to watch her wiggle
away on her high heels, knowing what lay under that skirt.

Star went to the bathroom between races. In the stall she checked the cunt
clips. Repositioned them when needed and although forbidden she would give her
hard clit a nice rub!!

When she returned to her seat, her Owner knew what she had done, as her nipples
had grown hard.

Michael would creep his hand along her skirt until he reached the slit, then
slip his hand up along her silk covered leg. As it had a thousand times before
it sent shivers up star's back and goose pimples rose on ever inch of her hot
body.

Several times she felt his fingers touch her wet hot hole.

Time for the Feature Race was approaching. If his horse lost she knew she would
spend several days tied in their basement dungeon!




Part Three

The horses paraded past the grandstand, Michael handed star the binoculars. She
found his horse and jockey, with dark and light green silks. Michael's tall and
lean redheaded exercise girl was on the lead horse. Star was always jealous of
her and the voluptuous blonde groom. Her Master leaned over and showed her the
program. She followed his finger, " No. 8, Shooting Star". She smiled and kissed
him on the cheek.

She watched the tote board count the odds, 30 to 1, 26 to1 the odds counted down
as Shooting Star piled up the bets at the windows. Slave star moved in her seat
and felt a wet spot on her seat. Between the cunt torment and the excitement of
the race she was flowing like a river.

The horses were being loaded in the gate. They were having trouble loading the
number ten horses. The tote stopped, the favorite was 2 to 1, and Shooting Star
came off at 10 to 1, "not bad" she thought as the last horse came off at 22 to
1. But a shiver shot through the slave as she realizes that her Master had bet
$5,000 on his horse. If Shooting Star lost, that could mean anywhere from 50 to
500 strokes, depending on how the horse placed. 50 for second, 250 for third and
500 for anything after that, plus the dungeon.

The horses were at the gate, they looked ready, "THEIR OFF!!!" Every one jumped
to their feet, the noise of the crowd grew. Star jumped up and raised her arms,
being carried away with the crowd, but it took a second for the teeth on the
clips and the harness pressing the plug up her ass to bring her back to reality
and control her excitement.

At the first turn Shooting Star was forth, but gaining. Just pulling out of the
turn Shooting Star pulled up to third, hitting the stretch the horse extended
its stride, and the Jockey had not even gone to the whip. Shooting Star was neck
and neck with the second horse and behind the lead by only one length. As they
entered the turn it was still neck a neck behind the leader.

Half way through the turn, the Jockey went to the whip! Star watched him use in
on the horse's flank. Another shiver shot like a rocker up her spine, Michael
had promised her, that was the whip, which he would use on her if he had too!

Hitting the home stretch, Shooting Star had passed the second horse, was now
half a length behind the leader and gaining! The noise grows. Shooting Star is
gaining, just a few furlongs to go! The two leaders have left the pack behind,

Star's thought left the race, "At least I will get only fifty." She thought.

Closer and closer they raced, so close they could not tell one horse from the
other!! The line gets closer and closer, then it happens, Shooting Star's head
pushes into the lead, three furlongs to go. His chest passes the ex-leaders
nose, closer and closer!!

OVER THE LINE!!  It was close; Star waited breathlessly for the tote to announce
the winner. Her immediate fate rested on that simple light. Her Master was
already shaking hands. Then the lights lit up, to slave star they were like a
Christmas tree.

Shooting Star had one! She fell back into her seat in relief. The celebration
had begun as her Owner pressed the flesh and received the pats on the back. He
finally turned to star and held out his hand, she took it and stood, he embraced
her hard. He had just won $300,000 with the bet.

In the rush to get to the winner's circle, the harness pulled so hard one of the
cunt clips pulled painfully off her flesh. He tits bounced and she was more
consciences of her hard nipples that before.

The usual pictures were taken the checks handed out and the hands shaken. The
groom and the trainer walked the Horse back to the Piss Stall, to get a sample
for drug testing. After that it would be to the wash stall and his reward. The
celebration went on for a while in the Jockey Club. By the time it wound down it
was dark out. Master Michael excused himself and took star by the hand. The
valet brought their car and they drove off headed for a private celebration at
the horse barns.

The Master's barn was off toward a far corner of the track property. As they
drove down one row, they met two security guards in a truck. Master pulled up
next to them, greeted them by name. The returned the greeting and congratulated
him on the win. "Party time?" on said. "Yep"-said star's Owner as he handed him
an envelope. They thanked him and drove away. Michael turned to star, knowing
she was curious, they took good care of Shooting Star all season and besides we
do not want to be disturbed. As they drove poor star finally got a chance to
speak, "Master may I speak?"  "Of course little one." He said.

" One of the clips came off your cunt as we were leaving, you slut is so sorry.
May this bitch put it back on?" He smiled "That is all right little slave, it
will be off shortly anyway."

Star got a shiver, as she realized that she would be deeply involved in the
celebration.

They pulled up to the barn. His area was at the end, which included a Tack room,
a stall for each of his three horses, and a large, wash stall.

The groom and excursus girl, Gail and Cheri had set up several tables and a nice
spread of cold cuts. The Trainer Hal was talking too a couple star did not
recognize. The man was average about 55 the woman, his spouse, was short and
rather heavy. The other couple, who came over to great Michael, was old friends
of his and knew the relationship between he and star. Star found them rather
attractive. Although star had served them naked at times she had never been
called on to use her sexual talents to entertain them. She did suspect the woman
was a sub like her.

Star stood quietly while Michael greeted everyone and gave the horse a hug on
the neck. In a moment Cheri greeted star and handed her a case. The boss said
for you to go into the Tack room and open the bag.

Star retreated into the room full of halters, blankets and saddles. In the case
was a note, "Free your self from the harness and strings. Put on the clothes and
come out ready to serve my guests, quickly!" signed Michael.

Such a relief to remove the last painful clip from her labia. Her muscles had
closed so tightly it was very uncomfortable to remove the plug.

Inside was a very brief French Maids uniform. Sleeveless and the skirt almost to
the bottom of her ass cheeks, star squeezed into it. No stockings but 6 inch
heels that locked on her ankles. A little white apron and a frilly hat completed
her outfit. Star stood by the door and stared at it for what seemed forever,
gathering her courage to be seen by a whole group of new people. She reached
around feeling her that her asshole was stretched wide open then she touched her
cunt in an attempt to soothe the pain. Finally pulling down the dress as far as
it would go, star stepped out into the warm night.




PART 4 FINALE

Slave star immediately picked up a tray of snacks and in her best serving
manners started working her way around the small group. She served like she did
her Master, bending over at the waist, so those in front could have a good look
at her fine cleavage and those in back of her bare ass and cunt.

Her Master clapped his hands for everyone's attention. " Ladies and Gentlemen I
would like to thank the people who helped this fine steed to prevail." He handed
out checks and shook hands with the Trainer and the two girls. Star was jealous
as they both kissed her Owner on each cheek. The other thing that she noticed
both girls had changed into light dresses, held up with tied spaghetti straps.
Both very short. As the evening progressed the girls started paying more
attention to the horse. She also noticed the only man that kept his hands off
their attractive friend was her Master. He stood with a glass of wine and smiled
as the Hal rubbed the woman, rose, on the ass.

Star was filling a glass when she turned around there was rose, naked, being
lead out of the tack room by her husband, a leash was attached to a thick red
collar. As everyone, including star, looked on, he paraded her around in front
of the stalls then inside the wash stall. There he pulled her around it several
times then put her on her knees in the middle of the floor.

He then offered the slut to anyone who wanted her for then next couple of hours.
The heavy woman started to remove her blouse, her husband thanked him for his
offer and Hal had his pants open and was pulling a chair toward the slave. The
slave's husband leaned close to Michael. Star over head the conversation, it
brought a great happiness to her heart, her Owner thanked him very much for his
generous offer but star was enough for him.

Hal pulled the slave's leash toward him and soon had his dick in her mouth.

Star was the star of the evening, strutting her stuff in the high heels and the
short dress. Whenever she would bend over, not only did others look but also her
Master would even walk a few steps to she the cute ass he has seen so many times
before.

The heavy woman now with her big tits exposed was leaning against her husband
who in turn was leaning against the wall. He was playing with her tit as they
watched the slave blow the Trainer Hal. The suck slave's husband sipped his
glass of wine and picked though the table of snacks, just outside the door. Star
wondered how he could be so casual about his wife sucking off another man.

Star had opened a new bottle of wine and went back in the stable. Hal was just
shooting his load into the slave woman's mouth, the heavy woman was standing
next to him and when the sexy star looked over at Shooting Star she did a double
take. There were Gail and Cheri, naked, except for gold chain necklaces,
brushing and grooming the stallion.

Star moved across the stall to the older man. She filled his glass, as she
turned he pulled at the bottom of her short uniform. She stopped as he picked it
up a little. Star looked at her Master, he nodded "Yes" holding the bottle in
one hand she bent slightly forward and lifted her skirt. The man smiled at her
bare firm ass and nodded back to her Owner. Not knowing she could be any redder
she turned another shade of red as her put her skirt down and turned to Hal. He
had just zipped up his pants after his fine blowjob and was holding his glass
out for a refill.

The heavy woman had taken Hal's place and pulled her dress up. She had a hold of
the kneeling slut's leash and was pulling it toward her pussy. The slave's
husband but glanced her way as his attention was to the horse and the two naked
young women.

"OK BITCH!" barked Gail, "The stallion is ready!" she said to the more docile
redhead Cheri. Cheri just lowered her head, put down the brush and knelt,
shuffling under the magnificent beast.

Star's owner gave the older man a nudge and pointed to the redhead. Hal already
was watching close. Of course the heavy woman was not interested as she was
pulling the slut's face into her crotch and moaning on her way to her second
orgasm.

Her Owner's action also drew slave star's attention to the big stud. To her
amazement Cheri reached up and began massaging the horse's cock sheath. With one
hand she was moving her hand along the sheath with the other she reached up
cupping his balls she gently rubbed them.

Michael forgave star's lack of attention. He smiled broadly not only for star
but also he has seen these sluts do this a number of times before! That is one
reason he keeps them around.

The lovely read head's firm body stretched up to reach each part of the huge
stallion. Her body was almost as firm as star's. It did not take long for the
big horse cock to start working it's way out of the sheath. When the head of the
cock peeked out, Gail gasped and broke into goose bumps. Shooting Star was used
to this treatment. It was a bonus that Michael allowed the two women and of
course the horse.

The cock steadily became hard and pushed its way forward. Cheri left his balls,
using both hands she stroked the hard dark meat. Both hands wrapped around the
rod hardly encompassed the mass. With each forward stroke Cheri managed another
inch. A foot showed and more coming! Slave star just stared mesmerized. Then it
hit her; her leg started to get wetter, a lot wetter. Her breathing was hard;
she tried to control her emotions. The slave flushed red as a beet! Her Master
noticed it even in the dim light! One of the largest waves of humiliation flowed
over star.


"star!" said her Master firmly. That snapped her out of her own world back to
reality.

He held up his glass. Sexy star scurried over to him to fill it. As she poured
the wine she held her head extra low, "this slave begs your forgiveness, Sir.
When do you wish to punish your property?" she said low and most meekly.

"You are forgiven my love, if you perform well shortly." He replied.

Star was both pleased and puzzled. She continued to circulate filling glasses,
but every chance she got she sneaked a look at the Redhead.

The heavy woman had cum five or six times and was standing next to her husband,
watching the slut jerk off the horse. He had a large bulge in his pants and as
she sipped wine she rubbed his crotch.

The horse was now at his zenith, at least 16 inches. He had precum dripping from
the head, Cheri would catch it in her hand then lick it clean. Hal had
positioned a small bench under the big horse and picked up his glass. Big tited
Gail had released the halter and was crawling under Shooting Star!

Slave star gasped as she figured out what was coming!  Gail lay down on the
rough horse blanket that covered the table. She placed her bare feet in a pair
of stirrups attached to the table and spread her legs wide. Her pussy was
completely bare as was all the subs there. Gail nodded to Cheri. The redhead sub
rubbed the precum all over the end of the stallion's hard cock. She then took a
palm full and spread it over her friend's cunt.

Shooting Star was a little skittish but had been through this many times and new
the pleasure he would get. Cheri guided the huge meat into Gail's gaping hole.
The blonde gritted her teeth and pushed popping the head and 6 inches into her
in one swipe. A gasp of pleasure was all she said. It only took a few seconds
for her to start humping the huge fucking cock!!

Finally the suck slave's husband sat at the chair; she quickly lowered his pants
and started her cocksucking, with great pleasure and love.

Star again stopped; she could not believe what she was seeing. The blonde was
grunting and moaning as she took up to 8 to 10 inches. Although in her early
twenties she had been fucking horses and ponies since she was 15. The slut groom
pushed down on the stirrups pushing her hips into the air, ramming the hard
horsemeat deep into her body. Cheri now like star, pussy juice crawling down the
insides of her thighs, wanted the cock. She had only been fucking animals for
less than a year, controlled by the dominant Gail.





"star!" barked her Owner, "put down the wine and stand over here." He pointed to
a spot in the middle of the stable.

Very anxious to make up for her screw ups, star quickly put down the bottle, and
jogged as fast as the high heels would let her. She stood in front of her
Master, feet shoulder width apart; wrists crossed behind her and head slightly
bowed but not enough so her face could not be seen. Of course her eyes were
downcast to the floor.

All eyes except the horse fucking Gail, turned too her. Even the cocksucking
slave was allowed to stop and watch.

"Strip!" he said and took a sip of wine.

star reached for the small zipper on the back of her uniform. It opened and she
gave the black and white dress a tug, she slipped it down to her legs, and
stepped out of it. She gave it a quick fold and resumed her position except that
she held the dress at waist level.

Michael took the dress and tossed it on a table, just as Gail screamed loudly in
pleasure as she came for the third and last time, Her body could not stand
anymore. Cheri helped pull the cock from her sopping cunt. A noise like pulling
your foot out of mud came from the slut's hole. The stud had not dropped his
load, which was saved for someone else. Gail knew what was expected and made
sure to quit before he came. Cheri helped her up and they kissed deeply for a
minute.

Michael broke up the feel up and necking session "Ladies!" he said. Turning to
star he said softly ass the naked women approached, "Go with them and make me
happy, What happens now is my order. Do not embarrass me!"

"Yes Master" was all star said.

The two women each took an arm and lead star to the brown handsome creature.
"Your Master wants you to reward Shooting Star for his win." Said Gail.

A visible tremor shot though the beautiful slave! She almost pulled away but
just then a breeze shot though the stall, it called the wet fluid on the inside
of her thighs. This reminded her, "This excites me." So star knelt down next to
the beast. Cheri knelt next to her.

Cheri took star's hand and placed it on the huge penis. It was soft and hot to
the touch. Cheri moved the slave's hand up and down the flesh. She felt it pulse
and twitch. The redhead gave her instructions in a low mellow tone. After a few
minutes of stroking and bringing the cock back to full erection, Cheri had star
collect the precum on her hand. Star was allowed a few moments to play with it,
feel it and smell it. Cheri again pulled star's hand to the head of the dick and
gather more lubricant. "Lick it up slave." Ordered the redheaded bitch. "It is
your Masters wish, you must do it!"

Slave star slowly stuck out her tongue and tasted the bitter fluid. She curled
up her nose, "Lick it all up, you will get used to it if your Master gives you
that honor." Said Cheri.

Star did as she was told, licking the stuff like she licks a bowl of ice cream.
The second taste was not as bad. "More" she was ordered and complied.

While she was learning the first steps, her Master moved a folding chair to the
best vantage point to watch is two most valuable pieces of property. The cock
slave was still working on her husband. The horny heavy woman had big tit Gail
between her legs this time and her husband was pounding away at the groom's
asshole. Hal just stared at the action, like Michael.

Star knew what was coming and gave in immediately. Cheri leaned over and licked
the horse's cock up the shaft a bit. She looked at the slave and motioned to
her. Star leaned over, still stroking the rod near the head, and licked the
strange head of the dick; it was big, irregular and tasted like the precum. Star
licked the cock gaining more confidence and more turned on as she did. The slave
took time to lick up one side and down the other. Star took the flat of her
tongue and ran it over the head and down the shaft to meet Cheri's tongue coming
up. Their mouths met for a deep kiss, star's first female kiss.

When the broke the kiss Cheri whispered, "Suck him now for you Master."

Star was too hot by now to care as if she would anyway. She opened her mouth
wide, the cock head just fit. Like she has done to men's cocks for years, star
worked her head up and down the rigid shaft. Any problem with taste disappeared.
The slave slut was working the cock deeper and deeper into her hot mouth. I
would not fit but she so much wanted it down her throat like her Master's. The
video was running and Hal started taking pictures but that only lasted a few
minutes, he dragged the hot blonde stable girl from the horse cock and had his
cock jammed down her throat.

Star's mind was into her task, nothing else mattered, including thoughts of her
Owner. The slave closed her lips tight around the horseflesh and sucked hard as
she moved her head back took a breath, closed her lips again and sucked back the
other way.

Her hands were pumping the rest of the 16 inches, but in another lapse of
training one hand left the huge penis and wondered down her body, rubbing one
tit, pinching a nipple then ran it down to her bald pussy. Her finger found her
clit and without thinking of what she was doing, star started rubbing it. For
this the Master would punish her.

The horse started becoming agitated but being well trained kept his place. The
heavy woman barked "That's it cunt suck that horse dick you fucking whore
bitch!" Gail then sent her over the top again. The main fucking Gail in the ass
started slapping it hard, it was plump and made a fine target.

Star did not let up her beastie blowjob. She knew her Master wanted the horse
rewarded for his fine race and she would do anything not to disappoint Michael.

The sight of the tight ass blonde sucking that huge cock and his wife sucking
his cock sent the friend blew his load into his slave's hot mouth. She cleaned
him off; her face was covered in cum. He ordered her to help star. The slave
crawled over to the other side of the horse took the cock in hand and started
helping star jack off the long meat.

The dark meat of the long hard penis contrasted well with star's tanned face. In
and out it went deep to the back of her mouth. When she would pull it out she
would either lick the head completely of give it a long hot open mouth kiss. The
slave finally took her finger from her clit when she felt the stud start of
harden more and buck, trying to thrust himself deep in his mare.

The flood started, white thick cum shot from the stud's big dick. Star was ready
but still it surprised her. Load after load shot, she gulped and swallowed all
she could and when she had to take a breath, the other slave would make sure the
hose was aimed at her face and tits.

Everyone had cum and was watching the humiliation of the most obedient slave
they knew. Michael was pleased as his dick was and had been rock hard for a
while, in anticipation for giving his slave star what she needed.

Star was moaning and encouraging the beast, in louder than normal for the slave
she yelped for the horse to cum and to "fill me with your cum please Master
Shooting Star, more please!"

Cum shot all over the slave, it was in her mouth, running down her chin, on each
cheek and running from her shoulders to her tits. She kept jerking on the big
dick. The other slave had stopped and was licking their overflow off her hands.

Cheri and Gail had brought a heavy sawhorse out; Hal threw a Western Saddle over
it.

As planed out by Michael his two naked employees waited until the horse had had
his pleasure. Not giving the worked up slave a chance to cool down the each
grabbed and arm and pulled her out from under the animal. She dripped cum on the
floor as then threw her over the saddle. In a New York minute they had each limb
attached to a leg of the sawhorse. This spread the slave wide open.

With no fooling around or second thoughts Michael, now naked for the waist down,
plunged his rock hard dick deep into the bound slave's soaking wet pussy. In
spite of her wetness star had to let out a yell "AAAHHHH YES SIR!! FUCK MEEE".

Taking handfuls of her thighs he rammed his prick deep each time. Star felt it
hitting the top of her cunt each time. She was so wet and open her pussy could
have taken his cock and balls. Michael felt her wetness drip onto his balls
cooling them. It was not long before her Master felt his sperm boiling up. "You
may cum bitch cum for me, cum now!" he ordered.

Star let loose just as her shot is huge load deep in his favorite property,
beside his second favorite property. Star and her lover and Owner came together,
hot hard and long!!!!


Star was released from her bonds and was served a drink by the cock slave,rose..
Everyone started to straighten up for the ride home. It was late, star was
exhausted and so were some of the others. Slave star was to be treated to one
final humiliation, as each guest and Hal left she kissed their shoe and thanked
them for coming to see her, even the other slave.

The two naked stable sluts started cleaning up. Michael made a call on his cell
phone then told them to help star put her skirt and blouse back on. Star was not
allow to wipe the cum from anywhere but her eyes, and had to eat that.

Star was sitting in the truck, in orgasmic and humiliating bliss as the Security
truck pulled up.  The two men gawked at the naked bitches. The women were
ordered to give the men a "tip" for working hard all season. They were soon
lying down in the tack room each with and attractive woman sucking on their
cocks.

Driving down the highway Michael looked over at his slave lover. Star was
waiving in and out of sleep. "Happy Dear?" he asked. "Yes Master I am." She
responded. "I Love You" he said, Star leaned over put her head just touching his
body, "I LOVE YOU TOO, MASTER" she said.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Traveler


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





