BDSM Library - The Sibling Bond




The Sibling Bond
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Submissive teen-ager and her dominant brother find others with similar tastes. Complications ensue.
THE SIBLING BOND

                                   ONE

	Seventeen-year-old Linda Harrison rose eagerly from her chair when her
straining ears finally heard the sound of the front door closing downstairs.
Checking an impulse to rush immediately from the room, she forced herself to
remain where she was until she heard the sound of her parents' car starting up
and driving away. Then, her heart beating rapidly, she left the room and walked
across the hall, where she knocked on a door and opened it.
	Her brother Chuck, one year older than she, turned from his desk,
swiveling his chair to face her.
	"They're gone," she said.
	"I know." He grinned at her.
	Linda felt a weakness in her legs as her handsome brother gazed at her
standing there in the doorway. She knew her eyes were bright with anticipation
and her breathing was faster than usual. She began to tremble slightly as Chuck
deliberately let his eyes move over her, from her long dark-blonde hair to her
sandaled feet. She wore a blue blouse, beneath which the shapes of her tautening
nipples could be faintly discerned, and a short skirt which displayed most of
her shapely young legs. Chuck raised his eyes to her face again, and she
swallowed.
	His grin widened. "You're really eager for it, aren't you, Lin?"
	She colored slightly, but did not lower her eyes. "God, I've been
thinking about it all day," she said breathlessly. "I mean, do you realize this
is the first time they've gone out for nearly two weeks? It's--it's hell just
waiting for a chance...."
	"Makes it all the better when it comes," Chuck said. He swiveled lazily
in his chair.
	"Chuck...let's get started...please...."
	"Sure, Sis." His eyes glinted. "Let's see...who'll we get this time?"
	"Couldn't we just...just be alone this time? Just you and me?"
	He shook his head. "You wouldn't like it so much that way, and you know
it. You love me showing you off to other guys. How about Tommy Barstow?"
	"He's a blabbermouth. He'd tell everybody at school."
	"Hey, I know--Joe Felston."
	Linda wrinkled her nose in disugst. "God--he's so weird-looking!"
	"Just the man. You get the stuff while I call him."
	She knew it was no use to argue, nor did she really want to. As Chuck
went into the hall to use the phone, Linda went to his closet, where she
unearthed a box hidden under a pile of old clothes. From the box she pulled out
a number of ropes cut into assorted lengths, some handcuffs, a rubber gag, and
other equipment. As she laid it all out on Chuck's bed, she could hear him on
the phone.
	"Hello, Joe?...Hi, this is Chuck Harrison...Yeah, not bad, how about
you...Look, what are you doing, anything special?... Well, the thing is, how
about coming over here for a while...Got something I'd like to show you...It's a
surprise...No, I can't tell you over the phone, but you'll like it--I
guarantee... Right...Okay, great, see you in a few minutes." He hung up.
	He came back and sat in his chair again. "All set."
	Linda stood by the bed, hovering over the materials laid out on it. "You
going to tie me now, Chuck?" she breathed eagerly. "Tell me what you want to
use, I'll bring it to you."
	"Hold on, Sis, you know better than that. I can't tie you with your
clothes on--I'd have to rip them off later."
	She felt the weakness in her legs again. "You...you want me to take them
off? Or do you want to do it?"
	"You do it this time. I'll watch. Strip that hot little body for me."
	Licking her dry lips, Linda slowly began to undo the buttons on her
blouse as she stood facing Chuck, who watched her closely, his own breathing
starting to speed up now. When all the buttons were open and the blouse parted
just enough to reveal the inner slopes of her breasts, she unfastened the little
wrap-around skirt and let it fall. She had on tiny bikini panties, below which
her smooth thighs curved enticingly.
	Then, watching her brother's face, she gradually drew the blouse open,
baring her firm, luscious breasts, then pulled it off and dropped it on the
floor.
	Chuck drew a deep breath. "Damn, those tits!" he breathed. "Every time I
see them, I can't believe it. You sure have a great bod for such a young chick,
Sis."
	Linda blushed. "What are you going to do with it?" she whispered.
	"Take the pants off and let's find out."
	The girl pulled off her panties eagerly, then kicked off her sandals,
leaving herself completely naked. She turned completely around under Chuck's
admiring gaze.
	"Now?" she asked, looking longingly at the equipment on the bed.
	Chuck nodded. "Okay. Bring me over some rope. Nothing too complicated to
start with."
	Linda picked out several lengths of rope and carried them over to him.
She placed them carefully in his lap and stood before him, her breasts rising
and falling with eagerness.
	"Tie me good, Chuck," she pleaded. "I need it so much..."
	"Turn around," he ordered.
	She did so, and without having to be told, put her hands behind her
back, the wrists crossed. Chuck rapidly bound one of the ropes tightly around
her wrists several times and tied it securely. Linda gasped with pleasure as he
passed the remainder of the rope around her waist and pulled it taut, cinching
her waist and locking her wrists against the small of her back.
	"Oh, that's good, Chuck," she murmured. "God, it's good..."
	Chuck chose a shorter length of rope and, bending down, tied one end
around each of her ankles, leaving enough slack between so that she could take
short, hobbling steps. "That'll do for a start," he said. "Let's go downstairs
and get you ready for Joe."
	Chuck left the room and started down the stairs. Linda followed him
slowly, her hobbled legs making it difficult for her to walk, especially with
her hands fastened behind her. When she reached the stairs she found that her
ankle-rope was not long enough to allow her to negotiate them.
	Following Chuck's instructions, she had to sit down on the steps and
slide down them in a sitting position, one by one. Chuck watched with interest
the exciting play of her legs, and especially the bouncing of her thrust-out
breasts, as she made her way down.
	When she reached the bottom she was panting. Chuck helped her to stand.
She leaned against him. "Chuck..." she gasped.
	He knew what she was going to say. "What?"
	"Chuck, please...hit me. Please. Please, hit me..."
	"Not now, Lin. There's not much time."
	"Just once. Please. Look..." She hobbled to the lower part of the
banister and bent herself over it. Her head hung down the other side, her hair
almost reaching the floor. Her rounded buttocks stuck out temptingly.
	"Just one, Chuck. One hard one, okay?" she pleaded.
	"With the belt?"
	"Yes...Oh god, yes..."
	"Right." Chuck pulled the belt from his trousers and doubled it over. He
raised it high as she moaned in pleasurable suspense, then brought it whistling
down in a cracking blow across her bottom.
	She cried out with the thrilling pain. "One more," she gasped. "One
more..."
	Chuck enjoyed beating his sister enough to give in to her plea. He
brought the belt crashing down again, this time catching her on the tender flesh
at the back of her thighs. Linda screamed.
   		"That's all for now," Chuck panted, dropping the belt. He helped
Linda straighten up. 	Her mouth was slack, her eyes glazed. "Chuck..." she
whimpered. She fell against him and 	rubbed her nude, bound body into 	
him.
	"Later," Chuck said hoarsely. "Come on now." He led her around to the
other side of the banister and placed her with her back against the stair rails,
facing into the living room. He untied her hands and retied them in front of
her, then tossed the rope over the banister, guided it back through the stair
rails and pulled it tight, thus hauling Linda's arms up over her head. He kept
up the pressure on the rope, stretching the girl taut until her arms and body
strained. Linda moaned ecstatically.
	"How's that?" Chuck gritted.
	"More..." she panted. "Tighter...Pull it tighter..."
	Chuck pulled on the rope with all his strength, and Linda cried out
again as her body was stretched to the utmost. She hung from her wrists, only
her toes touching the floor.
	"Oh, beautiful, Chuck..." she cried joyfully. "Oh god, it's so...so
good...I feel so...helpless...Can't move...."
	Chuck tied off the rope and then stepped back to look at the beautiful
defenseless body of his sister hanging before him. The uplifted position of her
arms flattened her breasts only slightly, and they stuck out toward him
challengingly. Her smooth flesh was pulled tight over her ribs and the curve of
her hips, and her legs writhed as her feet sought purchase on the floor.
	"You sweet, tied-up bitch," he muttered, and stepped forward to put his
hands on her.
	Linda groaned wantonly as he touched her. He ran his hands over her body
exploringly, then toyed with her breasts. The nipples were rock-hard as he
squeezed them between his fingers. Linda whimpered as he played with her, her
head rolling, her eyes glazed. He trailed one hand down her stomach and between
her legs. She groaned again, loudly, and her body twisted.
	"God, you love being like this, little Sis. Little hot piece. You really
love it."
	"Yes....Love it....Jesus...hot piece....Ohhh god...."
	The doorbell rang.
	Chuck stepped back, smiling into Linda's eyes. "Ah, that will be Joe."
He left her there and went into the foyer to answer the door.. The front door
was just out of her sight, but she heard it open.
	"Hi, Joe," Chuck's cheerful voice said. "Glad you could make it, old
buddy. Come right in."
	"Hi, Chuck," another voice said. "What's all this about a surprise? I
don't--"
	Then the two boys came into sight, and Joe stopped short. His eyes
widened, his mouth dropped open at the unexpected sight of Chuck's beautiful
long-haired sister, completely naked, tied up, dangling helplessly against the
stair railings.
	After a long minute, Joe swallowed hard. "Jesus Christ!" he choked.
	Chuck grinned at him. "That's it, buddy. That's the surprise. She's all
yours. And mine, too," he added.
	Joe turned to him, still in shock. "You mean--you mean I can...we can
just..."
	"Yep. We can do anything we want with her. anything at all. And she'll
love it. Won't you, Sis?"
	Linda nodded.
	Then her belly began to churn with a mixture of fearful apprehension and
excited anticipation as her brother and his friend walked toward her....




                                                          TWO

	Joe was showing a real talent for this stuff, Chuck thought admiringly
as he watched his sister crawl painfully across the floor. The other boy had
surprised him. The two previous schoolmates he and Linda had invited over to
share in their special games had been far less eager to engage with any
particular heartiness in the more far-out aspects of those games, the things
that really turned Linda--and himself, too, Chuck admitted--on. They were
enthusiastic enough about having sex with Linda, no problem there, but tended to
be unimaginative and even reluctant when it came to assuming mastery and dishing
out the discipline that drove his sister up the wall and turned her into a
helpless mass of seething desire.
	But Joe had no such inhibitions. In fact, once he had gotten over his
initial stunned surprise at the situation he had suddenly found himself in, he
had thrown himself into it with great gusto and enjoyment. And an unexpected
competence.
	Chuck recalled the feverish gleam of excitement in his friend's eyes,
the audible rasp of his breath as the two of them had approached his sister's
dangling form. Chuck had stood aside to allow Joe free access to the beautiful
straining body suspended from the stair rail. In front of the naked girl, Joe
stopped. Almost involuntarily, his hand rose and reached out toward the luscious
flesh. Then he checked himself, and glanced over, a bit nervously, at Chuck, as
if for reassurance. Chuck grinned at him and slowly nodded his head. Joe turned
back to look at Linda. Her mouth was slack, her eyes glazed. She was waiting.
	Joe hesitated no longer. He raised his hand and placed it on the girl's
thrusting breasts. A small gasp came from him, matched by a similar sound from
Linda. A second later, his left hand came up to cover the other breast.
	Chuck could see a definite and growing protuberance in the front of his
friend's trousers as Joe, with a kind of awe, moved his palms over the succulent
mounds of flesh. His sister's nipples, he knew, would be hard as rocks.
	After a few moments Joe's hands stopped moving, his fingers closing
around the full, taut globes. Holding her breasts in his hands, he looked into
Linda's glassy eyes. Those eyes focused for a moment, staring back at him.
Something in them made the expression on his face change slowly. The awe
disappeared, was replaced by something quite different. The girl must have read
something in his eyes, too.
	"Yes," she whispered. "Hurt me."
	Joe began to squeeze.
	Slowly, steadily, his fingers tightened on Linda's breasts. A low sound
came from the girl's throat, a sound which grew gradually louder and fuller as
the pressure of his grip increased. Her eyes glazed over again and her head
rolled, but he still watched her face as he continued to squeeze remorselessly.
His fingers dug deeply into the yielding flesh, which bulged up between them as
if trying desperately to escape the inexorable pressure. Still he kept it up,
until his knuckles were white and his hands quivering with the force he was
exerting on her tender bosom.
	The sound Linda was making had become a full-throated groan,
interspersed with gasping noises. Her face was twisted with pain and ecstasy.
Now, while Joe still kept squeezing her with all his strength, she moved her
head forward, her mouth wide and eager, blindly and avidly seeking his lips.
	Joe met her moaning mouth with his own. Their lips mashed together, and
they kissed savagely. The girl thrust her tongue into his mouth, passionately
straining as if to reach inside him and taste the dark source of her pain. She
continued to moan and gasp as the kiss went on, their lips working as though
they were trying to devour each other; and Joe still did not relax his terrible
grip on her breasts.
	Even Chuck had hardly ever seen his sister so wildly aroused. The
continuing pressure seemed to lash her into a frenzy as, hanging from her
wrists, she arched the lower part of her body forward in an attempt to make
contact with the youth who held her. Her legs swung back and forth, scrabbling
for a hold on his, but the rope on her ankles prevented her from getting
purchase.
	Curious to see what would happen, Chuck stepped forward and bent down to
untie the hobbling rope. As she felt her legs freed, Linda immediately arched
her torso toward Joe and wrapped her legs tightly around his. At first the boy
was nearly thrown off-balance, but he managed to recover without breaking either
the kiss or his hold on her.
	With her legs clasped around his thighs, some of the strain was off the
girl's wrists, but the ropes still held her arms tautly stretched. With her
lower body pressed tightly to that of the boy, she squirmed and writhed and
twisted against him. Both of them were getting so worked up that Chuck could
hear their panting breath whistling in their nostrils. He knew his sister well
enough to realize that she was not far from orgasm, and it looked as though her
gyrations were rapidly bringing Joe toward his own point of climax.
	Chuck watched for another few moments, then decided it was time to take
a hand. "Okay, kids," he said, stepping toward them. "Break it up."
	Neither Joe nor Linda showed any signs of having heard him. Chuck raised
a hand to his sister's long blonde hair and, gathering a fistful, slowly but
firmly pulled on it until her head was forced backwards, away from Joe's. With
his other hand he grasped one of Joe's wrists and twisted it with his football
player's strength so that the other boy relinquished his hold on Linda's
breasts. Chuck then shoved him hard enough to separate the two bodies. Joe
stumbled halfway across the room, cursing. Linda dropped back into her dangling
position with a cry of pain and frustration.
	"Goddammit!" Joe yelled at Chuck, rubbing at his wrist. "What the hell
are you doing? What the fuck's going on here, anyway?"
	"Relax, buddy." Chuck grinned at him. "Sorry I had to be a little rough,
but the two of you were getting kind of carried away there, and I just wanted to
make things last longer." He looked at his sister. Linda was moaning and
panting. On her heaving breasts, the marks left by Joe's fingers could be
plainly seen. Her nipples were pointing straight out in throbbing erection.
	"See," Chuck went on, "it's better for Linda if she doesn't get off too
quickly. Know why? Because the frustration makes her suffer more--and the more
she suffers the better she likes it. You dig me?"
	"Chuck," the girl groaned hoarsely. "Oh Chuck, please..."
	Joe, recovering his breath and his temper, nodded slowly. "Yeah," he
acknowledged. "That makes sense, I guess." He regarded Chuck with a knowing
gaze. "And the more she suffers the better you like it, too, right?" he said
slyly.
	Chuck shrugged. "Sure. And from your reactions, I wouldn't say it
exactly turned you off either, old buddy."
	The two friends grinned at each other, silently acknowledging the mutual
darkness inside them.
	Joe turned his eyes to the bound girl. "What happens now?" he inquired.
	"Chuck..." Linda moaned again.
	"Know what she wants?" Chuck asked Joe.
	"I'd say she wants to be fucked," Joe said. "And goddam, I'm ready to
oblige!"
	"Not yet." Chuck, standing near his sister, placed a hand lightly on her
breast and tweaked the straining nipple between two fingers. She whimpered. "She
wants something else first."
	"What?"
	"She wants to be whipped."
	Joe's mouth opened, but nothing came out. He stared.
	"Don't you, Linda?" Chuck murmured.
	The girl turned her face to him. Her blue eyes were soft and melting.
"Oh yes...yes, Chuck...please...."
	"Would you like to whip her, Joe?"
	Joe swallowed. "Yeah," he said in a choked voice; then more strongly:
"Hell, yeah!"
	"All right, Linda," Chuck said. "If you want to be whipped, you'll have
to ask Joe to do it. Ask him nice, now."
	Linda turned her lovely pleading eyes to the other boy. "Please, Joe,"
she moaned in a strained, breathy voice. "Please whip me. Whip me hard. Please,
oh please....Joe, please...please do it...oh god, please...."
	Joe stood motionless, absorbing the spectacle of this beautiful naked
girl, her voluptuous body stretched and helpless, the cruel marks of his fingers
still imprinted on her breasts, begging him to hurt her even more.
	"Maybe he needs encouraging," Chuck urged. "Tell him what you'll do for
him." His eyes were sparkling with enjoyment.
	"Anything," Linda panted. "I'll do anything, Joe....Anything you
want....You can have me....I'll be your slave....Please...."
	"Tell him what a great lay you are," Chuck ordered.
	"I am...I'll be so good, Joe....I'll be the best you ever had....I swear
it....I'll suck you, Joe....Chuck says I'm great with my mouth....It's yours,
Joe....My whole body is yours.... Please whip me...Do it now....Please,
PLEASE...NOW...."
	The bulge in Joe's pants had grown till it now threatened to burst
through the material. "Why don't you take your clothes off, buddy?" Chuck said.
"Might as well be comfortable. That's what I'm going to do." And he began to
strip off his clothing.
	But Joe still did not move. "What--what will I whip her with?" he
stammered.
	"Use your belt," the other boy answered. "We don't have a real whip. But
a belt does just fine if you use it hard enough."
	Joe nodded. He unfastened his belt buckle and pulled the belt slowly out
of his trousers. Linda made a small sound, like an eager puppy.
	"Looks like you get your wish, Sis," Chuck said. "Here, let me set her
up for you, buddy." Naked now, he reached for his sister and turned her around
so that her back was toward them. He then grasped one of her ankles and pulled
her leg out to the side, forcing it upward and outward until it was almost
perpendicular to her body, and he was able to tie the ankle to one of the
vertical stair rails. He did the same with the other leg, so that Linda hung in
a wide-open inverted Y. Her very shapely legs were stretched so tightly that the
strain made her thighs tremble. Linda groaned in pleasurable pain at the
increased restraint. Her body was pressed up against the stair rails, her
surging breasts bulging through them. Her beautifully rounded buttocks seemed to
thrust outward, flexing involuntarily under the rigor of her bondage.
	"There you are, Joe," Chuck grinned. "A perfect target." He patted his
sister's inviting ass, then stood aside. The gleam in his eyes was stronger as
he gazed on the helpless, twitching, moaning girl, and his formidable cock was
standing at full erection. "Go ahead, buddy. Let her have it."
	Joe licked his lips. He was as eager as Chuck, but less experienced, and
he held the belt a bit awkwardly. He took a breath, stepped forward and swung at
his lovely target, but the blow was badly aimed and without much force, and the
belt glanced lightly off Linda's right hip. The girl made a little sound, more
of frustration than pain.
	Chuck shook his head. "You need practice, friend. Here, let me show you
how to do it." He held out his hand for the belt, and somewhat reluctantly Joe
relinquished it to him and stepped back as Chuck took his place.
	This time Chuck did not double the strap, as he had before. he held it
firmly by the buckle and let the length of it dangle to the floor as he took his
stance, feet apart, body turned at just the proper angle for maximum impact. He
drew the belt back, carefully eyeing his squirming objective; then swiftly
raised his arm and brought it forward with all his strength. The belt whistled
through the air, and landed with a loud, savage crack across the center of
Linda's buttocks.
	The girl gave a loud cry, and her entire body jerked sharply, thrusting
itself hard against the stair rails. Her ass writhed. There was a red mark
across it where the belt had struck. Linda's head fell back, as though her neck
was too weak to support it; but the expression on her face was sheer ecstasy.
	"More," she panted. "More..."
	Chuck started to raise the belt again, but Joe stepped forward to stop
him. The sight of the girl actually being whipped had evidently had a
galvanizing effect on him. He seemed sure and confident now as he took the belt
back from Chuck.
	"Okay, I get the idea," he said. "Let me now."
	Chuck stood aside, grinning.
	Joe had learned fast. He eagerly hefted the strap and swung, smashing it
across Linda's buttocks with at least as much force as the blow Chuck had
delivered. Her shriek was louder this time, and her body again heaved in its
bonds.
	"Good boy," Chuck said softly. He gently, almost unconsciously caressed
his erect prick. "Give it to her again."
	Joe had a different idea. "Chuck," he gritted, "get her hair out of the
way."
	Chuck looked at him in surprise for a moment, then turned back to the
panting, writhing girl. At first he hesitated; then, with a half-shrug, he
stepped toward his sister. He gathered the long, straight blonde hair that hung
down nearly to her waist and drew it aside and over her shoulder, leaving
exposed the lovely expanse of her bare, tautly stretched back.
	Joe licked his lips. He lifted the belt; his arm swung back, then
swiftly forward; and the strap cracked fiercely across Linda's back, just below
the shoulder blades.
	She screamed. Her breasts bounced with the force of the blow and
squeezed themselves further between the stair rails as her body jerked away from
the pain.
	The boy with the belt was breathing hard. He paused, as if to see
whether the girl, or her brother, would object or stop him. But there was no
protest. Chuck was stroking his cock again, and Linda was groaning softly. And
waiting.
	He brought his arm back. The belt smashed again into the girl's back, a
bit lower this time, and again she screamed loudly. Chuck was thankful that they
did not have nosy neighbors.
	Joe did not hesitate any more. Four more times, five, six, the belt
whistled with all the force of his arm and smacked without mercy against the
smooth flesh of the bound girl's back. With each blow Linda's cries and groans
increased in volume, and her body writhed more violently. Chuck could see that
the whipping was bringing his sister to the point of orgasm. She was twisting
and squirming with passion as well as pain, and rubbing the front of her body
hard against the rails.
	Chuck, still fondling his throbbing erection, watched carefully as Joe
delivered yet another blow acorss his sister's back, by now striped with red
welts. He still wanted to deny Linda her climax; and it seemed that the last
blow had pushed her almost to the brink. She was gasping and whimpering as she
wriggled her buttocks in a frustrated attempt to rub one of the wooden rails
against her crotch.
	"Okay, Joe," Chuck said sharply. "That's enough."
	A pitiful cry came from the girl. "No!" she pleaded breathlessly, still
grinding herself frantically against the stairway. "One more. Just one more.
Please...just one...."
	"Nope." Her brother was firm. "You know the rules, Sis. You don't come
until you have a nice big cock stuffed up inside you. Wouldn't you like that?"
	"Ohhh...yes...yes, Chuck...do it...god...do it to me now!"
	"Well, I think Joe here should get first crack, don't you? He's been
working so hard and all..."
	"Anybody!" Linda shrieked. "Do it! Fuck me!"
	"Joe? You want to fuck her now? You can do it just as she is--it's a
perfect position."
	Joe, sweating a bit from his exertions, hesitated a moment; then he
shook his head. "No," he replied hoarsely. "Not that way. Take her down."
	"Anything you say, buddy." Chuck quickly untied the ropes holding
Linda's ankles, then took out his pocket knife and cut through the rope that led
from her bound wrists to the banister; but he left her hands tied. He held her
as he took her down, but when he let her go, Linda's cramped and stiffened legs
would not support her, and she crumpled to the floor.
	Meanwhile Joe had been hastily removing his clothing. Naked now, his
body was thin and unprepossessing, especially in contrast with Chuck's muscled
hardness. His cock, while not quite as large as Chuck's, was equally erect and
rigid.
	"Okay, pal," Chuck grinned. "Here she is. Come and get it."
	"No," Joe said again. With great deliberation, he walked to a chair on
the far side of the room and sat down. "I want her to come to me," he said
firmly. "And I want her to do what she said. With her mouth. I want her to get
her ass over here and suck me off."
	Joe's words and the tone of command in his voice surprised Chuck, but
they had a different effect on Linda, who was lying in a twitching, gasping heap
on the floor. She raised her head slowly and looked over at him, a beatific
expression on her face. Her eyes gazed meltingly, almost adoringly, into his.
	Joe looked back at her steadily. "I'm waiting," he said.
	"Yes," Linda whispered. And then, with her hands still tied in front of
her and her legs stiff and awkward, she began slowly and painfully to drag her
bruised body across the floor, toward the boy who waited for her.  




                                                             THREE

	Which was how Chuck came to be watching his sister as she crawled across
the room, and to be admiring his friend's unexpected flair for authority.
	The girl's progress was slow and arduous. Half-sitting, half-reclining,
she pulled herself along the carpet with the help of her bound hands.
Perspiration dappled her body, giving a sensuous sheen to her flesh, and her
breasts bounced attractively with each jerky movement. Halfway across the room
she managed to clamber to her knees; but even then her crawling was made
difficult by having to support herself on her hands with wrists tied together.
	Finally she reached the chair in which Joe was sitting, and crawled
between his widespread legs. Crouching there on hands and knees, she again
looked up into his face with that slavish expression in her eyes. Then she
lowered her head to his crotch, and, as if committing an act of worship, took
his erect penis between her lips.
	Joe could not suppress a gasp of pleasure as her mouth closed over him.
A small sound came from Chuck too, and he moved to get a better view. He had
learned from previous experiments that nothing turned him on more strongly than
the sight of his sexy sister, naked, preferably bound and in pain, with another
man's cock jammed into her mouth.
	For a few moments Linda simply held the rigid tool gently with her lips,
half its length buried in the warmth of her mouth. Then she began touching the
head lightly with her tongue, while Joe's body stiffened in the chair. But after
a few such caresses, she drew back, letting the now moist and throbbing prick
slide out of her mouth. For a moment she watched it quiver in the air, and then
with a soft moan she began to lick it lovingly. All over.
	Her eager tongue covered every inch of Joe's straining pole with long,
slow strokes. She licked it lengthwise, from base to tip, and then back,
starting at the sensitive underside and working all around. She varied this by
also licking from side to side; and when she touched a particularly sensitive
spot--as evidenced by a soft hiss from Joe--she would pause there and wriggle
her tongue in a little circle over the area. Joe clutched at the arms of his
chair and squirmed with pleasure under her ministrations.
	The only sound in the room came from their combined panting --Joe's,
Linda's, and Chuck's--and the faint liquid sounds made by Linda's busy tongue.
Once or twice, withouth pausing in what she was doing, the girl glanced over at
her brother, who watched intently, his hand on his cock; and the sight of him,
watching and waiting, brought a moan of anticipation from her as she increased
her efforts.
	When all of Joe's prick was slick and shining from her tongue, she
dropped her head to lick at his balls, lowering herself to rest on her elbows in
order to reach them. After bathing them tenderly and thoroughly, she returned to
the cock, this time caressing it with her soft lips as well as her tongue,
kissing, nibbling, licking until at last the writhing boy in the chair could
bear no more.
	"Suck it," he panted harshly. "Suck me, damn you!"
	Linda obeyed him. She took the head of his prick into her mouth as
before, and closed her lips around it. Then, slowly, she began to take in the
rest of it. Her mouth slid down over the length of the sizeable tool.
	It slid down.
	And down.
	And further down.
	Joe gasped with astonishment and delight as more and more of his
erection disappeared between the girl's hungry lips. The tip of it nudged at the
back of her mouth, signaling that her capacity had been reached; but her throat
worked once, twice, and her mouth continued to descend on him. And she didn't
stop, not until his entire shaft was buried in her mouth, her soft lips
encircling the very base, her nose embedded in his pubic hair.
	Joe's head rolled from side to side. "Jesus!" he croaked breathlessly.
"Jesus!"
	Chuck smiled tightly, never taking his eyes from Linda. "Told you she
was good, didn't I?"
	The other boy's reply turned into a groan as Linda's tongue went to work
again, swirling over his cock while she held the whole of it in her mouth. The
tongue continued to stroke him as, very slowly, she let her head come up,
sliding her lips upward over his prick. Her cheeks hollowed slightly as she
sucked at him. When she reached the top, with only the tip of it still in her
mouth, she paused for only a moment, then started down again. All the way down.
And her tongue never stopped moving.
	Now Linda was sucking in earnest, her head bobbing slowly but steadily,
her lips never releasing Joe's staff from their close embrace. Up and down she
went, with a deliciously tormenting lack of haste; her deliberate tempo
gradually increasing, but so gradually that any change was almost imperceptible.
Joe was squirming and making strangled noises in his throat, his eyes sometimes
closed in ecstasy, other times avidly watching the girl crouched at his feet,
using her mouth so devotedly for his pleasure.
	Chuck had waited long enough. He now approached the others and lowered
himself to the floor next to his kneeling sister, still watching her sucking
mouth. Linda caught his eyes and stared directly into them as she moved up and
down on Joe's cock, knowing how the sight of her turned him on.
	Chuck raised a hand and placed it on Linda's back, lightly stroking the
flesh that Joe's belt had bruised. Linda gave a soft moan around Joe's cock.
Chuck's hand moved over her skin and slid around underneath her crouching body
to cup one full, dangling breast. The girl breathed hard through her nose. Her
nipple was rigid under his palm.
	To encourage her in her labors, Chuck moved his hand to take that stiff
nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He felt her quiver in fearful delight,
waiting for him to squeeze it. He did so. Hard.
	She made a series of whimpering noises in her throat and sucked harder.
Chuck reached for the other breast with his free hand and vised that nipple in
the same manner. Kneeling up behind her now, while keeping his hold on her nips,
he teasingly rubbed his huge erection against her thigh. Her whimpers turned
into high nasal yips, and she twisted her lower body against him. He knew she
was dying for him to take her right now. But he held off.
	"Finish him off, Sis," he rasped, squeezing her nipples even more
tightly. "Finish him off and I'll fuck you."
	A passionate groan came from the girl. She speeded up her movements,
bobbing faster and faster up and down on Joe's rod until she was pumping him
frantically with her mouth, twisting her head from side to side at the same
time, and lashing him with her tongue. Under this treatment there was no way
that the boy in the chair could hold out very long. His breath came in gasps and
his squirming buttocks arched right up off the chair, feeding his dick even
harder into her face.
	Feeling his climax approaching, and egged on by the hard promise of her
brother's cock and by his fingernails now digging sharply into her nipple flesh,
Linda worked even harder; and soon Joe gave a hoarse cry and his body spasmed in
the chair as he released great spurts of semen into the girl's throat.
	Linda swallowed it all.
	And she milked him with her lips as he came, to make sure everything
came out that could come out. And when he was done she licked the last lingering
drops from the tip of his cock. And she held him in her mouth until, drained,
emptied and spent, his shriveled prick slipped of its own accord from her lips.
	The girl raised her head and took a couple of deep, shuddering breaths
through her mouth. Then she turned to Chuck. She was trembling with need. Her
eyes begged him.
	"Now, Chuck!" she whimpered. "Oh, please, now!"
	Chuck was as ready as she. "Yeah, Sis," he gritted. "Now. You bet now."
And, releasing her breasts, he tumbled her over roughly onto her sore and
abraded back.
	Linda cried out with pain and joy. Eagerly she swung her legs wide,
writhing her hips. Her brother flung himself between her thighs and quickly
positioned his cock at the entrance to her waiting vagina. Then, with one swift,
powerful thrust, he shoved his awesome prick up to the hilt inside her.
	It was as though Chuck had put an electric charge up her cunt. She
shrieked like a banshee, and immediately went into wild convulsions, her head
rolling, her body bucking and twisting and scrabbling toward its long-delayed
climax. Within moments she came, venting her ecstasy with an ear-splitting
scream, and almost throwing her borther off her by the violence of her orgasm.
	But it was just the beginning. Chuck, without waiting for his sister to
recover, began to screw her with slow, hard, steady strokes. Linda, moaning and
babbling incoherently, brought her bound arms down over his shoulders to clutch
at him as best she could. Her luscious legs lifted and wrapped tightly around
his waist as she swiveled and pumped her hips, meeting his thrusts eagerly.
While Chuck's movements were steady and controlled, his sister's got wilder and
more spasmodic, until once again she went into a shuddering, gasping climax.
	Still Chuck kept on, working harder and faster now but still not losing
his cool, while Linda took everything he could give and begged for more with her
flailing hips and twisting, perspiring body. Only once did exhaustion seem to
slow her responses; but her brother knew how to remedy that. He lowered his head
to her right breast and sank his teeth into it. Not only did this bring her
alive again, it sent her swirling toward still another pinnacle of passion.
	Twice more Linda climaxed before Chuck was ready to come; and when he
finally did, with a loud growling noise and a savage pumping of his hips, the
sensation of his masterful prick spasming and shooting off inside her sent her
off into a final screaming orgy of abandon.
	Then, at last, brother and sister, completely spent, collapsed in a
tangled heap upon the carpet, to lie panting, gasping and fulfilled in each
other's arms.

                                             #

	Joe, resting in his own glow of contentment, had watched the performance
of his friends with awe and wonder. But he was even more amazed at what happened
after they had recovered their breath. For instead of exhaustedly calling it a
night, as he had expected--he had been at the point of getting up to dress and
go home --Linda had pointed out that their parents weren't expected back until
after midnight, and that they still had another two hours.
	She wanted more. And Chuck was more than willing to oblige.
	And Joe was certainly not about to object.
	So now he watched as Chuck, having finally unbound his sister's wrists,
proceeded to spread-eagle her on her stomach in the middle of the living-room
floor. Her arms and legs were spread wide and tightly stretched, each wrist and
ankle tied with a length of rope which was then fastened to a heavy piece of
furniture or stationary object. Thus secured, she lay with her face on the
carpet and purred happily as Chuck, having made a final check to see that all
the knots were tight, idly ran his hand over the curves of her sweetly jutting
derriere.
	The sight of the widespread naked figure made Joe's recuperating cock
begin to stir again. "Damn," he said softly. "What a fantastic chick!" He shook
his head in wonder. "That's the kind of sister to have, all right. Christ, my
sister would probably have a heart attack if I ever even touched her!"
	Chuck grinned. "Yep, she's an unusual girl, all right," he agreed,
slapping Linda's rump affectionately. "In fact, I've never known any chick who
loves it like she does...and the WAY she does."
	"You better believe it," Linda murmured.
	"There must be some, though," Joe said. "Right? I mean, there must be
other girls who like to be...you know, tied up and all. And...and hurt...."
	"Masochists, they call them," Chuck said, sticking a finger into Linda's
asshole.
	"That's what you are, Sis. You know that?"
	"Mmmmm," the girl responded throatily.
	"Well, there's gotta be more of them," Joe insisted. "I mean around
here. Right in school, I'll bet."
	Chuck shook his head. "Nope. I've never been able to spot any."
	"Well, they wouldn't go around with a sign or anything. I mean, they
wouldn't want everybody to know, right? Like who knows about Linda? I sure
didn't until tonight."
	"Just a couple of guys we've had over here before," Chuck said. "And
they won't say anthing 'cause they know I'll knock their heads in."
	"Jerks," Linda put in. "They couldn't really get into it like you did."
She smiled up at Joe.
	"So I say there's gotta be more!" Joe insisted. "And if we could find
them....Wow!"
	"Yeah, right," Chuck said. "But how do we find them? What about it, Sis?
You know most of the girls at school. You know any who might be...like you?"
	"Uh-uh," the girl said. Then, after a pause, "Well...I don't know--I
mean...I don't know any REALLY, but...well, there's one or two I WONDER
about....You know, just from talking to them and all...."
	Joe leaned forward in his chair. "Hey, I bet you could find out, right?
Find out for sure, and let us know?"
	Linda hesitated. "Well...I don't know..." she said again. Then she shook
her head against the carpet. "Anyhow, I don't want to share you guys with other
chicks. I'll do anything you want, you don't need anybody else."
	Joe and Chuck looked at each other. Then Joe slid out of his chair and
crouched down in front of Linda. With a sudden movement, he grasped a handful of
her long hair and pulled her head sharply up and back. A surprised gasp came
from the girl.
	"Now listen, bitch," Joe said. "You're damn right you'll do anything we
want. And what we want is for you to find out about those girls. Understand?
That's an order. You find out for us, and do it soon. You got that?"
	"Yes, Joe," the girl said softly. "All right. Whatever you say."
	"Right." Still holding her hair, Joe sat himself on the floor, at right
angles to the spread-eagled girl, his crotch just under her face. He lowered her
head to his lap. "Now suck me. Get me good and hard, because I want to fuck
you."
	He was already good and hard, but Linda obeyed willingly.
	Chuck had feared that Joe was going too far; but now he began to think
that in spite of their far-out games, he had never truly realized the full
extent of his sister's submissiveness. If she could really find them other girls
with the same desires as herself...The thought was making him hard again.
	After Linda's talented lips and tongue had worked on him for a few
minutes, Joe called a halt. "Okay," he panted. "I'm ready to fuck you now."
	"Hey, I've got a great idea," Chuck said. "Why don't you slide
underneath her, and I'll get on top. Then we can both screw her at once."
	"Oh, wow!" Linda whispered, and shivered with anticipation.
	Joe stared at his friend, and then at the tautly spread body of the
prone girl lying practically flat against the floor. "Are you crazy?" he
demanded. "How can I get underneath her? You've got her so tight you couldn't
get a toothpick in there!"
	"You can do it," Chuck said. "She'll stretch some. Go on, try it, you'll
like it."
	"Well..." Joe shrugged. Still doubtful, but willing, he lay down next to
Linda and with some difficulty proceeded to wriggle his body under hers. The
going was slow but, he had to admit, enjoyable, with all of Linda's delectable
flesh to slip and slide against. The ropes cut deeply into her wrists and
ankles, and as he forced himself further beneath her they could hear tiny
popping sounds, made by the further stretching of already strained muscles and
sinews; but the girl seemed to be enjoying it as much as he was, judging from
the deep groans and animal-like noises that came from her.
	She kissed him as he finally made it into position directly underneath
her, his rigid and more than ready cock pointing straight up at her open pussy.
Her body was jammed against him from shoulders to crotch, pressing him almost
painfully against the floor. Her breasts were mashed so tightly into his chest 
they were nearly flat, and he could feel the hard nipples digging into him like
fleshy daggers.
	He was panting into her mouth, and she dipped her tongue into his, then
moaned without breaking the kiss when he reached down to make the connection
between them. With just a slight flexion of his hips he was inside her, deep,
deeper. All the way.
	Linda made an attempt to squirm her hips in response to him, but she was
now stretched so tightly that she could do no more than flex the muscles of her
ass and contract her cunt around him as best she could. With her weight
compressing him, Joe did not have much more freedom, but he was at least able to
raise and lower his hips enough to create the desired friction.
	"Hold on a second," Chuck said. "Let's do this right." He knelt between
his sister's outstretched legs, straddling Joe's, then reached down with both
hands and pulled Linda's asscheeks wide apart. Gathering a large gob of saliva
in his mouth, he dropped it onto the girl's open but puckered asshole, then
worked it into and around the opening with his thumb.
	Linda's breathing became loud and uneven, though her mouth was still
pressed to Joe's. Chuck now leaned forward and placed the tip of his prick
carefully at the small round opening. Holding her buttocks wide, he slowly but
firmly began to press forward. The tip, then the head of his powerful cock
disappeared inside.
	The girl broke the kiss and raised her head, giving a sharp hiss as her
tight sphincter muscles yielded to her brother's invasion; then she began to
moan loudly and steadily as Chuck pressed inexorably onward. Little by little
his staff burrowed its way into the snug anal passage, and Linda's groans
intensified.
	"Does it hurt, Sis?" Chuck demanded, pressing on. "Does it hurt good?"
	"Yes...oh, god, yes...it hurts...oh, it's heaven, Chuck...don't
stop...ohh, Jesus...hurt...yes...ohh...ohhh..."
	Like a considerate brother, Chuck granted his sister's wish and didn't
stop until the entire length of his pole had lodged itself like a tightly
encased sausage in the back passage of the twitching, babbling girl. Now
skewered front and rear, Linda mewled with ecstasy and lowered her head again to
lick passionately at Joe's ear.
	"Okay, buddy," Chuck panted. "Let's give it to her good."
	They gave it to her good. And Linda nearly went straight out of her
mind.
	There was a little awkwardness at first, caused by Linda's immobility
and the initial tendency of the boys to hump away at her eagerly, without regard
for the constricted position or for each other's rhythm. But in a few moments
they had settled into a smooth, synchronized pattern of alternating strokes. As
Joe thrust up into her, Chuck pulled back; then Chuck came down again as Joe
backed off. They kept this up in a steady, piston-like tempo, and in a very
short time the helpless girl between them was again shrieking out her climax,
her pleasure-dominated body spasming repeatedly in her bonds.
	The boys went faster. Linda's head was rolling from side to side, her
lips slobbering over Joe's face, unearthly noises coming from her mouth. They
boys were panting heavily. All three were covered with sweat. Linda squalled
weirdly as another climax hit her. Her brother and his friend never stopped
their steady but always accelerating thrusts in and out of her battered cunt and
asshole.
	The girl was sobbing wildly now in a transport of almost supernatural
joy. She could not stop coming. She had crossed the ultimate border of
sensation, and her body was now in nearly continuous climax. Her sobs and
screams, the reflexive jerking of her imprisoned body, and the continual
spasming of her anus and vagina as she came and came, worked on the senses of
the two youths until they both felt their own control beginning to slip.
	Their thrusts became still harder, deeper, more savage. As though they
were jealous of her ability to experience multiple climaxes to their one, they
pounded at her from front and rear, battering toward that climax with a violent
abandon that only heightened her already unbearable pleasure. Howling, she
strained toward a final overwhelming explosion as they pounded still faster...as
they stiffened against her...as they groaned with the intensity of their
powerful ejaculations....
	"OOHHHH GOD!!!" Linda screamed at the top of her lungs. Then she lost
consciousness.

                                                                #

	Some time later, the Harrisons returned home. Joe had gone. Everything
appeared absolutely normal. Chuck was up in his room, studying industriously.
His mother chided him fondly for working so late and suggested he go to bed. He
kissed her goodnight and obeyed.
	She peeked into her daughter's room. She was pleased to see that Linda
was in bed, sleeping peacefully. In the darkness she could not see the rope
marks on her wrists and ankles, or the stripes and bruises on her body. Or the
smile on her face.




                                                                 FOUR

	About a week later, as they were walking home from school together,
Linda said to Chuck: "I think I've got one."
	"One what?" Chuck asked absently.
	Linda made an impatient gesture. "A GIRL," she said an a tart voice.
"You know, like you wanted me to find. Remember? A girl who likes...what I like?
Remember?"
	Chuck was instantly attentive. "Yeah? Who?"
	"Well, I'm nut really SURE about it....I just think so.... I mean I'm
pretty sure now, but--"
	"Who, damn it!"
	Linda looked around to make sure she was not overheard. "Jane
Burkheimer," she said.
	Chuck looked surprised. "Jane Burkheimer?"
	"Now I'm just saying I THINK so, Chuck...."
   	They walked for a few moments in silence, Chuck reflecting on this piece
of news. "Goddam!" he said after a while.
	"What does THAT mean?" his sister demanded.
	"Well, Jesus, I mean you just can't tell, can you? Janie Burkheimer." He
shook his head. "She just doesn't seem liike the type. I mean she's completely
different from you. She's more of an intellectual-type chick."
	"Hey, thanks a lot! And I'm Dumb Dora, I suppose!"
	"Come on, Sis, you know what I mean. She's the kind who always gets the
good grades and all. And she's real quiet and sort of...reserved, you know?" He
paused. "Not bad looking, though," he mused. "Not bad at all."
	His sister snorted.
	"Don't be jealous, Lin," Chuck grinned. "Hey, how did you find out,
anyway?"
	"Well, like I said, I'm not absolutely positive. But see, a while ago
there were a bunch of us talking about that girl that got raped--you know, when
they had that big trial and everything. And she told about how these boys took
her into this basement and made her have sex with them and all, remember?"
	"Yeah, that's what she SAID," Chuck said skeptically.
	"Anyhow, the thing is Jane was interested, I mean REALLY interested.
Sally Bergen had just read this whole article about it, and Jane kept asking her
questions, you know? And I thought she was...well...sort of turned on by the
whole thing. I mean, I didn't think much about it at the time, but then
when--when you and Joe asked me about other girls...you know...I kind of
remembered. Because she talked about it again later, and I thought it was
strange...."
	"Hmmm. Well, that's interesting, but it might not be--"
	"No, but wait! See, when you said to find out and all, I--I tried to
think of something....I mean I couldn't just come right out and ask her. So the
other day in the cafeteria I got to talking to her about books and stuff, and I
mentioned about that book you gave me--The Story of O--you know?"
	"Hey, yeah!" Chuck said enthusiastically. "Great idea! How did she act?"
	"Well, she said she'd heard about it but she'd never read it. But she
said she'd really like to, and could she borrow it from me. So I started talking
about some of the stuff in the book, and like she was really playing it cool,
but I was watching her real close this time, and she was sort of eating it up,
you know? I mean I watched her eyes and all, and...well...it just seemed..."
	"Hmmm," Chuck said again.
	"So I lent her the book, and the NEXT DAY she told me she had read it
already, and she'd give it back to me later. I said did she like it, and she
just said it was interesting, like she didn't care much. BUT--then she started
talking about a certain part in the story, and she was REALLY getting into it.
Like she got carried away or something. And then all of a sudden she stopped
short and kind of blushed, and then just walked away. But she STILL hasn't given
me the book back. So..." Linda shurgged. "That's it. What do you think?"
	Chuck was silent for several moments. Then he said, "Well, it certainly
sounds possible, Sis. It does sound possible. You might really have found
something." He paused again, thoughtfully. "I'll have to check old Janie out,"
he said.
	They walked the rest of the way in silence.

                                                                #

	Next day Chuck waited for his opportunity. He found it early in the
afternoon, when he saw Jane Burkheimer at her locker between classes. Her locker
was located at the far end of one of the halls, actually an extension to the
long corridor. There were no classrooms there, so the area had relatively little
traffic. At the moment there was no one else in the immediate vicinity. Chuck
approached the girl.
	As he had said, she was not at all bad-looking. She was a slender girl,
but her slim figure was nicely curved; he especially noted her high,
well-developed breasts, trim waist and elegant, shapely legs. Her dark hair
framed her oval face and hung nearly to her shoulders. She had good features,
particularly her deep brown eyes, which gazed seriously out at the world from
behind plastic-framed glasses. It was the glasses, he decided, with their
bookworm connotations, that had kept him from noticing how attractive she really
was. That had been a mistake. He sure hoped Linda was right about this girl....
	"Hi, Jane," he said casually.
	She turned from rummaging in her locker. "Hi, Chuck," she said. She
seemed a little surprised that he had stopped to talk to her. He was a year
older and a grade ahead of her, as well as a kind of school celebrity because of
his football prowess, and though she was acquainted with him, he had never paid
any particular attention to her.
	"How's it goin'?" he asked.
	She shrugged. "Okay."
	"Good." Chuck leaned easily against the row of lockers, watching her.
"Hey," he said after a moment's pause, "my sister was telling me she lent you a
book the other day."
	A barely perceptible flush came to Jane's cheeks, but it disappeared
quickly as she turned back to her locker. "Yes," she said in a casual tone.
"I've been meaning to give it back to her. Is she anxious to have it?"
	"She can wait," Chuck said, and then he added, "What did you think of
it"
	Jane was busily searching through some books on the locker shelf,
choosing those she wanted for her next class. "Oh, I thought it was
interesting...in a way," she said, not looking at him. "You know, as a study
of--of abnormal psychology and so on...."
	Chuck nodded thoughtfully. "Uh huh." He watched her for another moment.
	"Linda thought you liked it," he said.
	"She did?"
	"Yep. She thought you really dug it a lot."
	The girl finished selecting her books and closed the locker, still
avoiding his eyes. "Well, as I said, I thought it was a--"
	"Yeah," Chuck interrupted. "See, what I think is, I think you identify
with the chick."
	"What?" she looked at him, startled.
	"You know, the girl, the woman in the book. O. I think you identify with
her. I think you'd like to be her."
	Jane recovereed her poise. "I don't know what you mean," she said
coolly, and started to walk past him.
	He blocked her way. "Isn't that right?" he insisted. "Wouldn't you?"
	"Certainly not. Please get out of my way, Chuck, I have to get to
class."
	Chuck did not move. "Come on, Janie. Tell me the truth. Come on, tell
me."
	The girl flushed again, from anger or embarrassment or something else.
"I don't know what you're talking about!" she said hotly, but her eyes again
avoided his. "Get out of the way." She tried to walk around him, but he
continued to block her path.
	Chuck looked around. The next class period was starting, and the hall
was deserted. He turned back to the perturbed girl.
	"Listen," he said seriously. "I know what you want. I KNOW."
	"Now look, Chuck..." she began.
	"Jane." He said her name quietly, but with a certain force behind it
that stopped her. He waited then, looking at her with a direct expectancy which
compelled her, after a moment, to meet his gaze. Only when she had done so did
he speak again.
	"Jane," he said, more softly but still authoritatively. "Give me your
hand."
	She blinked, confused. "What? Chuck, I'm--I'm late for class...."
	"Give me your hand," he repeated. He held out his own hand, palm up,
waiting.
	Jane stared at him. He looked back at her levelly, simply waiting. After
a moment something changed in her eyes. Her lips quivered slightly. "I--I
don't..." she stammered, then stopped. Chuck said nothing. He held his hand out
steadily. He waited.
	For what seemed like a very long time there was no movement. There was
no sound. Then, very slowly, as if against her own will, Jane's hand began to
move. Her right hand was holding her books; but her free left hand rose slowly
from her side, reached hesitantly, tentatively outward, then placed itself in
his. It was trembling.
	Chuck closed his hand around hers, grasping her fingers in his fist.
Still looking into her eyes, he began to squeeze them together, not too hard at
first, but gradually exerting more pressure. At the same time he began to bend
the fingers backwards.
	The girl grimaced with pain and made a motion as if to pull back her
hand. "Chuck, don't!" she said unsteadily. "What are you doing? You're hurting
me!"
	Chuck kept up the pressure, increased it, bent the fingers back further.
Jane gasped sharply and now made a serious effort to pull away from him, but she
could not. "Chuck, don't!" she cried again. "Let me go! That hurts! Stop it,
Chuck! Stop it!"
	But he did not stop it. "You like it," he said evenly.
	Her eyes widened. "No!" she protested. But her breath was coming more
quickly, and there was a high flush on her cheeks. "Let me go, Chuck," she
panted. "I don't...I don't know what you...Oh don't!" For he was exerting more
strength than before.
	"You love it," he said. "Don't you? Don't you, Janie?"
	"Chuck..." she said, but her voice had changed. She was pleading now.
"Chuck, don't...please...oh please....Let me go.... Oh god, don't...stop
it...oh...oh...oh..."
	Chuck felt a surge of exuberance and an enormous excitement. Linda had
been right! He had gotten to her. She was panting hard; her body was trembling,
her eyes glazed. He pulled her toward him by her imprisoned hand. Her books fell
from her other hand and dropped to the floor as she came closer to him. Their
bodies were almost touching.
	"Chuck...please don't...oh, please Chuck...."
	Keeping his painful hold on her hand, Chuck forced it around behind her
back, twisting her arm behind her. She stiffened and bit her lip to stifle the
cry that came from her. "You like it," he repeated doggedly. "Tell me. Tell me
the truth, Janie. You want it! Tell me!"
	"Oh...yes...yes...oh my god...yes...."
	"Good girl," he said softly, and twisted her arm painfully high up
between her shoulder blades.
	With a keening moan of anguish, passion and surrender, she collapsed
against him.
	Chuck's blood raced at the sensation of the girl's shapely, quivering
body pressed to his, her heaving breasts pushing into his chest, tiny whimpering
noises coming from her throat. Only with his sister had he ever felt this degree
of excitement, this sense of complete mastery and accepted domination; and he
was used to Linda. Not that she ever failed to excite him; but this girl was
something new--and different. More serious. More mysterious. Less experienced in
the way of her sexuality. Even--he would bet--virginal.
	He knew she could feel his rigid erection pressing into her belly just
above the level of her crotch. He pushed forward with his hips to jam it harder
against her. He felt her stomach muscles tense in a reflexive effort to pull
away from it; but a tiny jerk on her arm softened her resistance. Her legs
weakened, and the lower part of her torso leaned more tightly against him.
	Her body was writhing involuntarily, her breath coming in gasps as he
maintained his grip on her, but she was no longer pleading with him to release
her. Her arm was twisted so high up behind her back that it seemed to be nearly
at the breaking point. Without relaxing the inexorable pressure, Chuck spoke in
a hoarse voice.
	"Kiss me, Janie," he said.
	Several seconds went by before the gasping girl responded. Then, slowly,
she raised her head, uplifting her distorted face to him. Her eyes were
unfocused, her lips open and quivering. He lowered his mouth to hers. He kissed
her hard, his tongue thrusting deep into her mouth. She moaned helplessly. Her
mouth opened wider. She clutched at him spastically with her free hand. Her body
squirmed, her breasts rolling and flattening on his chest....
	He broke away. He didn't want to; he wanted to push her down on the
floor and take her right then and there. His arousal was at such a pitch he felt
he might even have taken the risk of someone coming along and catching them.
	But he had to show her he was in control. He called the shots.
	He broke the kiss, released her arm and stepped back from her, ignoring
her bewildered cry, holding her firmly at arm's length until she was able to
stand on her own, though she swayed slightly. She stood dazedly rubbing her
aching arm with her other hand while her breathing gradually slowed and her eyes
came into focus. Then she simply stared at him for several moments, almost in
horror.
	"Oh my god," she breathed.
	Chuck smoothed his hair, pulled himself together, made sure his voice
would be firm and controlled before he spoke. "Meet me after school," he said.
	The girl swallowed, hard. Then she shook her head strongly, so that her
dark hair flew around her face. "No," she said firmly. She turned away and knelt
to pick up her dropped books.
	"In back of the building," Chuck said. "The corner of the parking lot."
	"No! I can't! No!"
	"Be there," Chuck said, and walked away from her.
	
	                                          #

	He wasn't really sure she would come; but he wasn't worried. He knew her
secret now. If not today, she would come around eventually. He would just have
to work on her.
	But she came. He had almost given up and left when he saw her.
Hesitantly, almost furtively, she walked through the parking lot, glancing
around anxiously as if afraid someone might see her.
	Chuck, seated behind the wheel of his second-hand Ford, waved to her out
the window. "Hey, Jane," he called. "Over here."
	She jumped at the sound, then slowly approached the car, stopping
several feet away.
	"Hi," Chuck said. "Get in."
	She stood still. "Chuck, I--I don't...I mean I can't..."
	"Come on, Janie," he said impatiently. "You came, you're here, so let's
not kid around. Okay?"
	The girl swallowed. "I...I have to go home," she said.
	"Bullshit. Get in the car."
	Still she hesitated. "What for?"
	"So we can get out of here, what do you think?"
	"Where...where do you want to go?"
	Chuck took a small gamble. "Goddam it, Jane, stop jerking off! No more
questions. Either get the hell in this car or get out of here."
	The girl's eyes widened. She turned around and walked swiftly away. She
went about twelve steps. Then she stopped. She stood motionless for a long
moment. Then she turned around, walked back, came around the car without looking
at him, opened the door on the other side and got in. Immediately Chuck started
the car and drove out of the lot.
	They drove for several minutes in silence. Jane stared straight ahead
through the windshield. She sat up tensely in her seat, her hands clenched in
her lap. After a while she said in a low voice, "All right, I'm here. Now where
are we going?"
	He didn't answer right away, but when she started to ask again he told
her. "We're going to Joe Felston's place."
	Jane stared at him.
	Chuck knew this was a delicate moment. He had not really wanted to get
Joe involved right away, knowing another presence would make Jane even more
skittish than she already was. But Joe had learned everything from Linda, and
there was no keeping him out of it. Besides, his parents were vacationing and
his house was empty, which solved the big problem of where they could go.
	"You know Joe, don't you, Janie?" Chuck sad as casually as he could. "I
think he's in your class."
	"What--what--" the girl stammered. "Chuck, I...I don't understand."
	"It's okay," Chuck said. "Joe's a good friend of mine. So we're going to
his house. There's nobody home there."
	She shook her head in disbelief. "You mean he...you...you told..."
	"Be cool, Janie. Joe knows what you want, just like I do. The two of us
are going to give you the time of your life."
	Jane turned pale, then a deep red. "Stop the car," she demanded.
	Chuck kept driving.
	"Chuck, stop the car! Let me out!"
	"No way, Janie," Chuck said.
	"If you think you can just--" she began furiously.
	"Yeah, I do," Chuck interrupted. "I think I can just do anything I want.
That's why you're here, remember? You like to be shoved around. Want me to twist
your arm again? Remember how good it felt?"
	"Damn you!" Jane whispered.
	"Sure. Damn me and damn yourself, but it's all bullshit. You're here
because you want more of that, and we're here to give it to you. So if there's
two of us, all the better for you. Right?"
	Jane bowed her head. She was trembling. For a good while there was
silence in the car. The girl seemed to be struggling with herself; then finally
she appeared to reach a decision. She took a deep breath and looked up.
	"Maybe it's better that way," she said in a low voice.
	"Sure it is," Chuck said.
	"Chuck, listen," the girl said, looking away from him through the
windshield. "I'm...I mean I never...I've never..."
	"You're a virgin."
	"I...yes."
	"That's okay. We'll take care of that."
	"Listen to me," Jane insisted. "I--I have to tell you...what I want.
Yes...I'm a virgin. And I don't want to give my virginity away."
	"What!"
	"That's right. I want--"
	"Hold on! You're still kidding yourself, Janie. You can't hold on to it
forever. What the hell are you here for if you don't want to lose your
virginity, for Christ's sake?"
	"That's not what I said. I didn't say I didn't want to lose it."
	"You didn't?"
	"No. I said I didn't want to give it away."
	"Well, what the hell....You mean you want to sell it?"
	"No. I mean I want to have it TAKEN away." Jane was still looking
straight ahead. "I want to be raped," she said.




                                                                  FIVE

	"I think that can be arranged," Chuck said.
	His voice was calm, but his heart was beating faster and his cock was
stiffening. He could hardly believe it. Quiet Jane. Just like his beautiful
sister. And how many others, he wondered. Who else?
	But for now there was Jane. And what she wanted. To be raped.
	They rode for a time in silence. When Jane spoke again he had to strain
to hear her over the noise of the car. "I'll fight you," she said.
	"Okay."
	She looked at him then. "I mean it. I'll fight. I'll fight hard. You'll
have to really do it." She paused. "Because if I can stop you," she added
slowly, "it's no good."
	"No problem," Chuck said. "Don't worry about it. I play football,
remember? And I'll have Joe to help me." He shot a glance at her. She was
slightly flushed and breathing quickly. "Fight all you want," he went on. "It
won't do you any good. You're gonna get raped, all right. We'll hold you down
and spread you out and rip off your clothes, and then--" He paused for effect.
He was exciting himself as much as her. "Then we'll fuck you. We'll fuck the
hell out of you."
	"Ohh," the girl moaned softly. She closed her eyes. "If you can do
that..." she breathed after a moment. "If you can really do that...then I
think...I feel that--that..."
	"That what?"
	"That I'll belong to you," she whispered.
	"You will," Chuck said, and pulled up in front of Joe's house.
	Joe opened the door at Chuck's ring. He smiled when he saw the girl.
"Hi, Jane," he said in a friendly manner.
	Jane, still a bit flushed, barely nodded to him. She walked past him and
entered the house. Chuck followed, but stopped just inside the door and pulled
Joe aside, while the girl went through the small foyer into the living room,
glancing about her warily.
	"What's happening?" Joe asked.
	"It's all set," Chuck said in a low voice. "Hope you're feeling strong,
buddy."
	"What do you mean?
	"The chick wants to be raped. Like for real. And we're just the boys to
do it."
	Joe's mouth fell open. "Jesus!" he whispered.
	"Yeah. And we might as well not waste any time. You ready?"
	"I..." Joe took a deep breath. "Hell, yes!"
	"Let's do it." Chuck led the way into the living room.
	Jane was standing in the middle of the room, still looking nervously
around. When she saw the two boys walking purposefully toward her, she
immediately turned and began to run.
	They grabbed her.
	She had not been kidding. She fought as hard as she could. Though her
strength was no match for theirs, she used every ounce of it in an attempt to
fight them off. She struggled and kicked and flailed at them, and at first it
was all they could do to hold onto her at all. Finally they each managed to get
a grip on one of her arms, limiting her movements, but they still had to hold
her tightly while avoiding her wildly kicking feet. Her body jerked and twisted,
fighting fiercely to get free. At one point she broke Joe's grip on her right
arm and used it to beat and claw at Chuck's face, leaving a deep screatch just
under his eye before Joe recaptured her.
	"Christ!" Chuck yelled. "Hold her, damn it!"
	"I'm trying!" Joe panted, gripping Jane's arm harder and twisting to
avoid a hard kick in the shin from her right foot. "Jesus, she's wild! You sure
she wants this?"
	"Yeah." With his free hand Chuck reached up to seize a fistful of the
girl's straight black hair. He pulled hard at it, forcing her head back until
she was looking into his eyes. "Don't you, baby?" he gritted.
	Jane spat in his face.
	His eyes widened in surprise and anger. "You bitch!" he shouted, and
releasing her hair, he slapped her, hard. And then again.
	He saw the sudden strange brightness in her eyes, the response to the
pain, but her struggles did not lessen. She still fought with everything she
had, squirming desperately, kicking, even trying to bite.
	All three of them were panting heavily now. Chuck was attempting to kick
Jane's legs from under her, but was not succeeding. With a curse, he pulled the
arm he was holding behind her. "Hold her arms," he ordered Joe breathlessly.
"Hold both of them. And for god's sake, don't let go!"
	Too winded to reply, Joe obeyed. Grasping one of the struggling girl's
wrists in each hand, he held them behind her back, maintaining his grip with
difficulty, while Chuck bent down and, barely avoiding a wild kick in the face,
encircled the flailing legs with his arms and pulled them out from beneath her,
bringing her crashing to the ground with a cry.
	Her sudden fall broke Joe's hold on her arms, but Chuck immediately
threw himself on top of her, crushing her body under his, and quickly grabbed
for her flailing hands. He held onto them until Joe again seized her wrists and,
pulling her arms high over her head, pinned them to the floor with all his
strength.
	Chuck pushed himself up and slid down the girl's body until he was
sitting on her legs. Jane was now rendered relatively immobile, though she still
squirmed and heaved, refusing to give in. She was gasping for breath now, as was
Joe, and Chuck was not much better off. He took a moment to recover, gazing down
at the pinioned, writhing girl.
	Her glasses had become dislodged in the struggle and were sitting
crookedly on her nose. Chuck reached for them and pulled them off, then threw
them aside. Jane made a strange sound, as if he had hurt her. Without them she
looked unexpectedly vulnerable, but she twisted more frantically than before.
	"Christ!" Joe panted as he concentrated on keeping Jane's wrists pinned.
"We ought to tie her up!"
	"No," Chuck said decisively. With her arms stretched over her head,
Jane's heaving breasts stood out prominently, straining against the material of
her blouse. Deliberately, Chuck dropped his hand onto one. "We'll do this all by
ourselves," he said.
	He squeezed the breast cruelly. Jane began to whimper. Her eyes closed.
Her head rolled from side to side. "Don't," she moaned. "Oh, don't!" Her
struggles subsided, but only slightly. Chuck grinned. He took his hand from her
breast and inserted it into the collar of her blouse.
	"Okay, Janie," he rasped. "Time to get naked."
	"No!" the girl cried.
	"Oh, yes." It would have been simple to unbutton the blouse, but Chuck
was beyond that now. Hooking his fingers into the neck of the garment, he tugged
sharply downward. A button flew off, and there was the sound of ripping
material. Chuck tugged again. More buttons popped, and in a moment he had torn
the blouse all the way down the front. With a satisfied grunt, he pulled it
open, drawing the bottom of it out of her skirt and spreading it wide on either
side of her.
	She wore a white brassiere, above which the slopes of her breasts curved
with a tempting fullness. Below it her smooth flat stomach went up and down like
a bellows with her gasping breath. Combined with the play of flesh and muscle
caused by her twisting, squirming body, the effect was extremely sensuous. Chuck
saw Joe lick his lips and exclaim under his breath.
	When he reached for her brassiere, the girl tensed her body and gave a
mighty heave, making a futile attempt to throw him off her. Chuck just grinned
again and clutched at the front of the bra. He pulled strongly, but the garment
held firm. Muttering a curse, he hooked a hand beneath each of the thin shoulder
straps and pulled with all his remaining strength. The force of it lifted the
girl's upper body off the floor. Fiercely and angrily Chuck jerked at the straps
until finally one of them gave way. In a moment the other followed suit. Jane
bit her lip and gave a helpless moan as he pulled the bra down off her breasts,
letting it lie like a crumpled ribbon beneath them.
	"Well, now," Chuck panted hoarsely. "Just look at that!"
	The lovely reddish-pink nipples that crowned Jane's perfectly rounded
and quivering breasts were standing up hard and stiff, almost visibly throbbing
as they rose and fell with her heaving bosom. Chuck's hands went to her breasts
immediately, and after caressing and kneading the naked globes to his
satisfaction, he took those tiny spires and rolled them thoughtfully between his
thumb and forefinger. The panting girl turned her head to look up at him, her
eyes wide with fear or expectancy. He looked directly into those eyes as he
closed his fingers on the tender nipples, pinching them lightly at first and
then gradually increasing the pressure until his fingers trembled.
	Jane's head went back and a series of guttural, animal-like cries came
from her throat. Chuck maintained his grip until the thrashing of her body
slowed and then virtually stopped, and she lay exhausted, groaning, her breath
coming in sobbing gasps. Then he released her breasts and slid further down on
her legs so that he could get at her skirt.
	"Oh, my god," Joe muttered thickly, squirming in anticipation as he
continued to hold the girl's wrists down. "Hurry up, for Chrissake, or I'm gonna
shoot in my pants!"
	Chuck ignored him. He grasped the hem of Jane's knee-length skirt and
pushed it up until it was bunched up around her waist. Her thighs were as
shapely and inviting as her calves, and her crotch was protected by a pair of
thin white panties. Again the girl gave a wordless cry of protest as he reached
for this last garment. It took him three mighty tugs to tear it away from her.
	A soft, silky growth of dark pubic hair lay just above the mysterious
juncture of her tightly closed thighs. Joe made a breathy, groaning noise. Chuck
now raised himself to his knees, still warily keeping Jane's legs trapped
between his, and with great deliberation unzipped his trousers. The sound
brought the girl's head around again; she stared at him like a hypnotized bird
as he slowly worked his engorged cock out of the opening of his fly. Freed, it
stood tall and rigid at eager attention, jerking slightly, a small clear drop of
anticipatory fluid seeping from its tip. Jane's eyes went round and she drew in
her breath with a hiss.
	"There it is, baby," Chuck said roughly. "That's the thing that's going
to take your virginity in just about ten seconds."
	"No!" the girl breathed, in a voice that was barely audible; but she did
not take her eyes from the looming phallus.
	Chuck now raised himself off her legs so that he might get between them.
He was on guard against any more attempts she might make to kick him; but
instead she quickly crossed her ankles and locked her feet tightly together.
	Chuck shook his head at her. "That won't help you, Janie. You're gonna
get it no matter what. So relax and enjoy it." He grasped a slim ankle in each
hand and pulled. Jane stubbornly resisted, using what was left of her strength
to keep her legs together. But it was no use; with a little effort Chuck soon
managed to unlock her ankles, and then inexorably forced her legs apart, wider
and wider, crawling up between them as he did so. Now she did try to kick, but
could only do so blindly and ineffectively. As Chuck slid between her knees, he
lifted the thrashing legs and levered them up over his shoulders. Holding them
helpless, he pushed forward. Her hips were forced upward, her crotch open and
defenseless. Her vaginal lips gaped, revealing the pink, unexplored flesh behind
them.
	"Okay," Chuck rasped breathlessly. "Here we go."
	Jane tried fruitlessly to twist her crotch away from his advancing
phallus. "No!" she cried. "No, don't!"
	"Too late now, baby," Chuck gritted. "You wanted this...and you're gonna
get it." And, splaying the girl's legs further apart, he maneuvered himself
until his eager prick rested at the very entrance of her cunt.
	Still she tried vainly to squirm away. "No!" she yelled again. "No!
Please!"
	"You're gonna get raped, Janie," Chuck panted. "Right now. Ready, baby?"
	One last time the girl put everything she had into an effort to get
away. Her entire body heaved and twisted wildly. Joe had all he could do just to
hold onto her wrists. Chuck kept hold of her legs, keeping his cock where it
was, ready to do its work. He waited her out.
	At last she had no more strength to resist. She lay gasping for breath,
moaning and exhausted. She waited helplessly, her eyes tightly closed.
	"Look at me, Janie," Chuck said.
	"Jesus!" Joe cried. "Fuck her already! I can't stand it!"
	"She'll get fucked, all right," Chuck said hoarsely. "I want her to look
at me when I bust her damn cherry."
	The girl moaned piteously. Her eyes stayed closed.
	Chuck pinched the flesh of her thighs cruelly with both hands. "Look at
me, damn it!"
	Jane's eyes opened. There was fear in them. There was pain. There
was...waiting. "No," she whimpered.
	Chuck grinned down into her face. "Yes," he panted triumphantly. "Yes,
Janie. Now!"
	And with all his strength, he thrust himself up inside her.
	She screamed as her maidenhead was ripped away.
	She screamed again when Chuck gave another great lunge, pushing even
deeper into her virgin cunt, burying his large staff in her almost to the hilt.
	He held himself there, not moving now, looking down at her.
	Her eyes were still open, but unfocused. She gave a series of loud,
painful groans; and then she was silent, except for the gasping sound of her
breathing.
	After a long moment, Chuck very slowly and deliberately began to fuck
her, pulling his cock almost all the way out of her and then feeding it back in
with controlled, unhurried strokes, which brought a frenzied groan from Joe,
still holding the girl's arms. Jane showed no response; she lay limp, panting
and glassy-eyed.
	"Hey, Janie," Chuck said, still moving at the same slow tempo. "Know
what I'm doing? I'm raping you. You hear me? I'm raping you, Janie."
	There was a soft moan from the girl.
	"That's right," Chuck said, encouraged. He speeded up his strokes just a
little. "Just like you wanted, baby. You're being raped. Quiet little Jane is
getting raped."
	Jane moaned again, louder. Her eyes closed and then opened wide, clearer
now.
	Chuck went faster.
	"Like it, Janie? Huh? It's about time you got fucked. You're really a
sexy little piece. I'm gonna fuck the hell out of you. And then Joe's gonna fuck
the hell out of you. He's gonna rape you, too. Right, Joe?"
	"Bet your ass," Joe growled hoarsely.
	"And she's gonna love it. Aren't you, Jane? You love it now, don't you?"
He moved harder. "Don't you, baby? Huh?"
	A gasp from the girl, and then more moaning.
	"Sure you do." He was speaking more breathlessly as his strokes grew
more energetic. "You dig being raped. Right? Come on, tell me, Janie. Tell me
you love it. Tell me!"
	"Ohh..." the girl groaned. "Ohhh..." Her body was beginning to respond;
her hips moved slightly, involuntarily, under his thrusts.
	"Tell me!" Chuck demanded again. "Tell me or I'll stop." And he did,
suddenly, stopped moving and held himself still.
	Joe made an agonized noise in his throat.
	A surprised whimper came from the girl, then a wordless cry --of
protest.
	"Tell me you love it," Chuck said softly.
	There was a long pause, filled with the sound of their panting.
	"Yes," Jane whispered finally. "Yes..."
	"Yes, what?"
	"Yes!" she cried. "I love it. I love it! Do it!"
	Chuck did it. He went at it harder than before. Now it was as if a dam
had broken inside the girl. She arched her body to meet his assault. A crescendo
of cries and groans came from her throat. Her head rolled from side to side. She
babbled.
	"Do it! Oh god, yes! Rape me!" she shrieked. "Harder! Harder!"
	Chuck slammed into her, pounding her hips against the floor, bending her
legs back painfully, his fingers digging into her thighs. She screamed shrilly;
and then her body stiffened, and her eyes went wide, the pupils rolling back in
her head as the savage force of her first coital climax smashed through her. She
screamed again, coming with a series of racking spasms which twisted her impaled
body until the boy on top of her had to grit his teeth to keep from joining her
in orgasm.
	He managed it however; and when finally she was finished and lay still,
limp and panting and semi-dazed, he was still hard and stiff inside her.
Breathing heavily, he pulled out of her and pushed himself up on his hands and
knees, still triumphantly erect, grinning down at the conquered girl.
	"The rape of Janie Burkheimer," he said softly.
	The girl moaned.
	"Jesus," Joe said. His voice was a breathless croak. "Aren't you
gonna..."
	"Later," Chuck told him. "Your turn now."
	Joe eagerly crawled around to get into the position Chuck had occupied,
scrabbling at his trousers as the other boy made way for him. As he drew out his
more than ready cock, Jane made a whimpering sound and tried to curl herself
into a ball.
	"No," she breathed. "No more. Not now. Please..."
	"Come on now, Janie," Chuck said. He grabbed her hands and pulled them
back over her head, holding them as Joe had done, stretching her body flat as
before. "Joe wants to rape you, too. And you want him to. Don't you?"
	"Please..."
	Chuck tightened his hold on her wrists, squeezing them with his powerful
hands.
	"Don't you?"
	Jane said nothing, but her breath rasped in her throat and her nipples
were erect again.
	"Open your legs for him, Janie. Go on. Spread them nice and wide."
	There was a pause. Then with a groan she obeyed. Her thighs gaped. Joe
fell on top of her.
	It didn't take long. Joe came with a rush. He lay gasping. "Damn," he
muttered. "Should have lasted longer. All that waiting, and watching you and
all....Shit!"
	Chuck shrugged. "So do it again," he said.
	Joe's eyes brightened slowly. "Yeah. Yeah, why not?" And he did it
again. Slower this time. With ample attention to Jane's lovely breasts and legs
and body. While Chuck held her wrists pinned, though it was doubtful if that was
still necessary.
	Finally Joe came again.
	And Jane came too. Again.
	Joe rolled off her and lay on his back beside her, a look of
satisfaction on his face. Chuck released her wrists and placed himself on the
other side of her sprawled body. Gently, he stroked her. Her face was slack, her
eyes unfocused.
	"You belong to us now, Janie," he said softly. "Remember? Remember what
you said?"
	"What'd she say?" Joe asked with lazy curiosity.
	"She said if we could rape her, then she felt she would belong to us.
And now she does. Don't you, Jane?"
	The girl's eyes focused slowly on his face. He smiled at her. He stroked
her breast. He rubbed his stiff cock against her thigh. "Tell us, Janie. Tell us
you belong to us."
	The girl swallowed. "I..." she began. "I don't..." And then she began to
tremble. Her eyes closed. "Oh god," she whispered. "Yes. Yes. I do. I know I do.
I belong to you."
	"Good girl," Chuck said. And then he stood up and began to take off his
clothes.
	Joe followed suit. Neither youth had previously had time to do more than
open his zipper and release his cock. Now Jane's eyes flickered nervously from
one to the other as they stripped themselves naked. Her gaze rested finally on
Chuck, with his impressive build and his large, still-rampant phallus.
	Naked, Chuck planted a foot on each side of the girl's body, looming
over her deliberately. Then he lowered himself slowly to his knees, straddling
her chest, and knelt upright so that the stiff, throbbing penis arched out over
her face. It was streaked with dark reddish-brown stains left by the rupturing
of Jane's maidenhead.
	Chuck pointed to the soiled cock. "See that? That's blood, Janie. Your
virgin blood." He paused. "I want you to lick it off," he said.
	The girl's eyes, which had been fastened as though hypnotized on his
prick, now lifted to his, widening in her startled face.
	"Do it, Jane," Chuck said, his voice soft but commanding. "You belong to
us, and you do what we tell you. You understand that?"
	After a moment, Jane nodded wordlessly, her eyes never leaving his.
	"Now lick your virgin blood off my cock," Chuck said.
	Her eyes fell to the erect phallus again. Then she lifted her head, and
brought her face close to the straining lance. She took a deep, shuddering
breath, and then her tongue came out, touching the waiting flesh. She began to
lick.
	She licked all the blood off his cock.
	When she had finished, her head fell back. She lay unmoving except for
the rise and fall of her breasts in rhythm with her uneven breathing. Chuck's
cock was clean now, damp with her saliva. Joe's, despite its double workout, was
beginning to rise again.
	"You like the taste of cock, Janie?" Chuck asked.
	The girl did not reply.
	"Sure you do," Chuck went on. "And I'm gonna give you some more right
now." He leaned forward slightly, supporting himself on his hands, then lowered
himself until the tip of his prick touched the girl's lips. An involuntary
whimper came from her.
	"Open you mouth, Jane," Chuck said.
	She did not obey immediately. There was a long pause. Chuck did not
repeat his order. He waited, motionless, his straining dick still resting on the
soft, quivering lips.
	Jane opened her mouth.
	Chuck fed his cock into it.
	He lowered it gradually into her mouth, bit by bit, until a little over
half of it had disappeared between the now widespread lips. This was obviously
as much as the girl could take without choking. With deliberate slowness, he
pulled back, until only the tip was still in her mouth; then inched it forward
again.
	"Suck it, Janie," he said to her. He moved back and forth with a slow,
even rhythm. "That's right," he breathed. "Suck it nice. Use your tongue on it,
too. Lick it. Yes. That's it. Good girl."
	"Is she doing it?" Joe asked breathlessly.
	Chuck continued his steady motion, unhurriedly fucking the girl's mouth.
"Sure she is." His voice was beginning to betray the effect of what he was
doing. "Sure she is. Didn't you hear her? She does whatever we tell her. She's
our little slave girl." He was moving slightly faster now, his voice less
steady. "Aren't you, Janie? Our little sex slave, that's what she is. And you
know what? I'm going to christen her. I'm gonna christen you, Jane baby.
Christen you our slave. Like...this!"
	And at the point of climax, he pulled his cock from her mouth and
spurted jet after jet of thick gism over her pretty, innocent-looking face.
	Startled, she tried to twist her head away, but she could not escape the
repeated spurts of long-delayed come that exploded again and again from Chuck's
spasming prick. It splashed on her lips, her cheeks, her eyes and forehead. Some
got into her hair, and a few last drops fell on her neck and breasts.
	After her first instinctive reaction, she did not try to avoid the
sticky baptism, but lay still and accepted all he could give her. When at last
he was drained dry, Chuck swung himself off her body and sat heavily on the
floor beside her, breathing hard and looking down at her sperm-smeared face.
	"Beautiful," he panted.
	"Jee-zus!" Joe moaned hoarsely. his cock was now in full cry again.
"Jesus Christ! Me now! I want to--"
	He was interrupted by a noise from somewhere in the house. It seemed to
come from upstairs. it sounded like a bed creaking. Or trying to.
	Chuck looked at Joe, alarmed, but the other boy was grinning suddenly.
"Holy shit!" Joe exclaimed. "I forgot all about it! I've got a surprise for
you!"
	"What the hell..." Chuck began. 
	"Come on," Joe said eagerly. "Let's go see it. Let's all go! It's right
upstairs."
	Chuck hesitated a moment; but then, looking at his grinning friend, he
began to suspect the nature of Joe's surprise. He shrugged his shoulders and got
up. "Okay, let's go see it. Come on, Janie, you too."
	He reached down and grasped Jane's hand. Joe took the other, and
together they hauled the limp but unresisting girl to her feet. She stood a
little unsteadily at first, come dripping from her face, the tattered remains of
her clothing hanging uselessly on her body.
	"You don't need that stuff," Joe said to her. "Get rid of it. We want
you naked, like us. Right, Chuck?"
	Chuck nodded.
	Silently, Jane pulled off the torn blouse and bra, and slipped out of
her skirt. Before dropping the skirt, she raised it to her face as if to wipe
off some of the gism Chuck had deposited.
	"Leave it!" Chuck said sharply.
	She left it. The skirt fell from her hand. Naked, she stood awkwardly
before them. She asked hesitantly, "May...may I have my glasses, please?"
	"Sure," Joe answered. He retrieved the glasses and handed them to her,
and she put them on. "You've gotta be able to see the surprise. Come on, let's
go."
	He led the way out of the room and up the stairs. Chuck followed,
leading Jane by the hand. Upstairs, Joe took them into what was evidently his
bedroom. As they entered, Chuck's grin became as wide as Joe's; while Jane gave
a startled, almost horrified gasp, her eyes going very wide.
	The surpirse was Linda. She was stark naked, and she was tied
spread-eagled on her back on Joe's bed, with a gag in her mouth.




                                                             SIX

	"How about that?" Joe chuckled gleefully.
	"Figured it was something like that," Chuck said. "Hi, Sis."
	Jane was staring fixedly at the nude, widespread figure on the bed, her
mouth working. "What--what are you doing to her?" she gasped. Her voice
trembled, but Chuck noted with satisfaction that there was fascination as well
as concern and astonishment in the way she gazed at Linda's tightly bound
helplessness.
	"Don't be silly," he said. "She loves it. But what's the gag for?" he
asked Joe.
	"Just so she wouldn't make a lot of noise and make Jane nervous," the
other boy replied. "She wanted to join our party, but I told her she'd have to
wait her turn. I thought I'd better keep her quiet till we were ready for her.
But I guess she doesn't need it now." He walked to the head of the bed and
untied the strip of cloth that kept Linda's gag in place, then pulled it out of
her mouth. Chuck smiled in appreciation when he saw that the gag was Linda's
wadded-up panties.
	It took several seconds after the gag was removed for Linda to be able
to speak. "My god!" she gasped when she found her voice. "You guys took long
enough! Sounded like you were having a ball down there." Her eyes took in Jane's
naked figure at the foot of the bed. She grinned. "Hi, Jane. Enjoy yourself?
What's that on your face?" she asked slyly.
	"I'll show you what it is," Joe said roughly. "You talk too much anyway.
I got better things for your mouth to do." And tangling his fingers in Linda's
long blonde hair, he pulled her face up to his crotch. Her mouth opened quickly
and swallowed his still-erect cock.
	Much as he always enjoyed the spectacle of his sister with a stiff prick
in her mouth, at this moment Chuck was even more interested in the varied
expressions that played across Jane's face as she watched the spread-eagled girl
work her oral magic on Joe's eager penis. She caught her breath in astonishment
when the entire length of the boy's tool disappeared into Linda's mouth. And as
the blonde girl's encircling lips moved up and down, up and down over that
length in slavish response to Joe's tuggings at her hair, as her talented lips
and tongue worked eagerly to bring him to what was at least his third climax of
the afternoon, Jane alternately blushed and paled; her breathing became
agitated; she licked her lips unconsciously. Her rounded eyes seemed to bulge
behind her glasses, but she never moved them from the scene before her.
	Despite--or because of--Joe's painful grip on her hair and the
uncomfortable position of her straining body, Linda was whimpering with passion
as she sucked the mouth-filling pole. Joe's previous activity allowed him to
last longer than usual, but after a while he too began to emit little moans. His
body twisted, and his hips jerked back and forth, slowly and then rapidly,
fucking his throbbing prick into Linda's receiving mouth. He had apparently
forgotten his promise to show her what the stuff was on Jane's face; for when he
came he shot his load directly into her throat, and Jane gasped again when Linda
obligingly swallowed everything he gave her.
	At last Joe released her and staggered back. Linda's head fell back on
the bed, mouth slack, eyes rolling. Her body writhed in its bonds, her breasts
heaving.
	"Ohh god," she moaned. "Somebody fuck me. I'm so hot. Please..."
	"Poor kid's been waiting a long time," Joe smirked. "Go on, Chuck, do
her a favor."
	But Chuck had a different idea. "Tell you what," he said softly. "Why
don't we let Janie do it? Might as well break her in all the way, right?"
	Joe's face lit up at this new idea, and even Linda stopped moaning long
enough to look interested. But Chuck was watching Jane. He smiled into her eyes,
which were staring at him with fear and amazement.
	"You heard it, Jane baby," he said to her. "Go bring Linda off."
	Jane was shaking her head reflexively. She swallowed. "I...I can't," she
whispered. "I couldn't. I--I've never..."
	"You never made it with a man before today either," Chuck reminded her.
	"There's always a first time. Do it!"
	"Try it, you'll like it," Joe laughed.
	The dark-haired girl bit her lip. "Please...don't ask me..."
	Chuck stepped forward, seized Jane roughly by the arm and turned her
toward the bed. "Look at Linda," he snapped. "Look at her! See how she's tied
up, Jane? Stretched out and helpless, so we can do anything we want to her? That
turns you on, doesn't it. You'd like us to do that to you. You want to be down
there like that. Right? Ropes pulling you apart until you can't even move.
Right, Jane? A goddam human sacrifice, to be taken and used however we want.
Right?" He squeezed her arm, fingers digging into the tender flesh. "Right,
Jane?" he shouted. "Right?"
	"Yes!" she screamed. Then she began to cry. "Yes," she sobbed. "You know
I do. Why do you keep asking me? You know now. You know what I am."
	Chuck spoke in a softer tone, but there was still an edge to his voice.
"Because I want you to realize something, Janie. I want you to understand that
not only are we your masters, but we are the only ones who can help you. The
only ones who can give you what you need." He still kept his grip on her arm.
She was squirming with the pain, but he kept speaking in an almost hypnotic
tone. "We'll do it, Jane. We'll tie you down and keep you helpless, and rape
you. Over and over. As often as we want--and as you want. You'll be alive, Jane.
For the first time. Alive. Or--you can go back to your books and be frustrated
all your life." He let her go slowly. "Now. Go make love to Linda."
	The girl swayed slightly, rubbing her arm. She took a deep, rasping
breath. She took a step toward the bed. Then another. At the side of the bed,
looking down at the bound girl, she stopped.
	"I don't know what to do," she whispered.
	"Sure you do," Chuck said. "You've read about it in books. But I'll help
you. First kiss her. Kiss her nicely. On the mouth."
	Jane hesitated another moment. Then, as if in slow motion, she sat down
on the side of the bed. The gism had dried on her face, leaving white streaks
and splotches, some of them moistened by her recent tears. Linda looked up at
her with lust and expectation in her face. As far as Chuck knew, his sister had
never had sex with a woman before either; but Linda was willing to try anything.
	Jane trembled a little as she leaned down toward the other girl,
bringing their faces close together. Linda's lips parted in anticipation. Jane
kissed her.
	"That's it," Chuck said. He watched the kiss closely. Linda's mouth was
open and pliant, while Jane's seemed stiff. When the whimpering blonde tried to
thrust her tongue between Jane's lips, she broke the kiss and pulled away.
	"No, don't stop," Chuck ordered. "Keep kissing her, Janie. Relax. Let
her put her tongue in your mouth. That's right. That's better. Doesn't feel so
bad, does it? Now put yours in her mouth. Go on, Jane. Good. Good. Keep it up."
	It was some time before he allowed the kissing to end. When he did,
Linda was panting and groaning, and Jane was flushed.
	"Look at Linda's breasts, Jane," he said. "See how firm the nipples are?
How they stick out? She really wants you. Touch them, Jane. Hold her breasts.
Yes," he went on as Jane obeyed. "Feel them. Stroke them. Don't those nips feel
hard? Now pinch them. Go on, do it. Linda's like you, Janie. She loves pain.
Pinch them!"
	Although Jane attempted to comply, her nipple-squeezing was less
forceful than Chuck--or Linda--would have liked. Joe, however, came to the
rescue. "Let me help you," he said, and reaching down, he vised Jane's
fingers--holding Linda's nipples--in his own. Linda gave a loud cry and her
bound body thrashed in pleasurable agony.
	"All right," Chuck said when Joe had released them. "Now put your mouth
down there, Janie. Suck on her tit. Open wide, that's it, take it into your
mouth. Tongue that nipple. Lick it. Good. Now the other one. Kiss it, yes, lick
it all over. Bite it! Good girl! Listen to how she loves it!"
	Linda was emitting hoarse animal-like sounds, interspersed with gasps.
Her hips began to roll from side to side in a limited but rhythmic motion, as if
to invite the other girl's attentions to that part of her body.
	"Okay, Jane," Chuck said after a while. "Now slide your mouth down her
body. Slowly. Very slowly. There's no rush. Linda's not going anyplace. Kiss
your way doen. Taste her skin, Jane. Lick it. Yes. Let me see your tongue on
her. Good girl. Slowly down. That's it. Doesn't she taste good? Down further. Go
on. Down. Down, Jane. Down..."
	Jane had to shift her position on the bed as her mouth slid gradually
lower on Linda's quivering flesh. She crouched now near the foot of the bed.
Following Chuck's instructions, she had kissed and licked her way in an indirect
path from Linda's breasts down to her navel, and across the smooth flat expanse
of her stomach. Her mouth rested now at the upper border of Linda's blonde pubic
hair.
	"Down, Jane," Chuck said again.
	She kissed her way down through the soft triangle. Linda's hips arched
off the bed as far as her spread-eagled position would allow. The ropes cut
deeply into the flesh of her wrists and ankles as she strained upwards to offer
Jane better access to her eventual goal.
	"Okay, Jane. Kiss her there. Put your mouth right on her cunt."
	And Jane, with only the briefest of hesitations, obeyed him.
	Linda drew in her breath with a loud hiss, and her body arched itself
even higher if possible, pushing against the other girl's mouth.
	"Eat her up, Jane. Lick that cunt. All over. Very good. Now...stick your
tongue inside her. Go on. All the way in." Chuck had to raise his voice to be
heard over the noises Linda was making as the crouching girl followed his
commands. He watched his sister go crazy under the ministrations of Jane's
deeply probing tongue and mobile lips. Jane was really gitting into it too, in
spite of herself.
	"All right," he said at last. "Now for the big time. Find her clitoris,
Jane. You know where it is--right about where yours is, baby. Find that little
clit with your tongue."
	They could tell when Jane found it. By Linda's scream.
	"Beautiful!" Chuck shouted.
	Linda screamed again. Her body jerked sharply.
	"Good girl, Janie!" Chuck approved. "Lick that thing! Not too hard now.
Tease her a little. Oh, you're doing fine, baby. Lick it good. A little faster.
Oh yeah! You got it now, Janie. Go to it. Finish her off."
	And indeed Jane did seem to have gotten the hang of it. her mouth and
tongue worked industriously on Linda's clitoris, licking, sucking, nibbling.
Linda continued to cry out in passion. Her head thrashed from side to side. Her
body heaved and strained. Jane worked harder.
	"Bite her!" Chuck yelled. "Bite her clit!"
	Jane bit her.
	It sent Linda over the top, with a frenzied shriek and a series of wild
spasms which almost threatened to break the ropes that held her. When it was
over she collapsed back on the bed, covered with perspiration and fighting for
breath.
	Jane raised her head. Her face was smeared with the secretions of
Linda's cunt. She was panting. her nipples were throbbingly erect.
	"That turn you on, Janie?" Chuck grinned.
	Joe spoke up. "We ought to make Linda do HER now."
	"That makes sense," his friend said. "Would you like that, Jane?"
	"I--I don't know..." Jane stammered.
	"Well, let's find out," Chuck said. "Go sit on her face."
	Jane was hesitant, but Chuck and Joe, one on each side, half-pulled,
half-guided her over the stretched-out body until she was straddling Linda's
head, her back to the two boys, her crotch pressing down with all her weight on
Linda's mouth. Linda, still panting hard after her wild climax, had to struggle
frantically to draw breath through half-obstructed nostrils.
	"Okay, Sis," her brother said happily. "Turn about is fair play and all
that. Get your tongue up there and show Janie how it feels. Do a good job and
I'll give you a good fucking before we let you loose. How's that?"
	Jane stared at him over her shoulder. She looked shocked.
"You...Chuck--you don't mean that, do you?"
	"What? Sure I do. Why not?"
	"But she's--" Jane began; but at that moment Linda's obedient tongue
must have found its target. Jane's words turned into a gasp. her eyes went very
wide and her body stiffened. "Oh," she said softly. "Oh!"
	For a while thereafter she did not say anything more. She moaned. She
whimpered. She squirmed a great deal. And finally she gave a shrill cry and
nearly doubled up with the force of her climax. She fell backward onto Linda's
body as the blonde girl pulled in great gulps of welcome air.
	"Nice goin', Sis." Chuck was casually stroking his aching cock, which
had been hard again for some time. "You've earned your reward. Clear off there,
Janie, and let me at her."
	Jane was still recovering from her orgasm; but she looked up at Chuck
from where she lay, the shocked expression on her face again.
	"Chuck...you can't," she panted. "You can't do that!...Not with Linda!"
	"Why the hell not?" Chuck demanded.
	Jane pulled herself upright, facing him. She stared at him in amazed
indignation. "She's your sister!" she cried.
	Joe and Linda both burst into laughter at this evidence of Jane's
innocence, but Chuck just looked at her.
	"So what?" he said.
	"But--but your own SISTER..." the girl quavered. "It's... Chuck,
that's...that's INCEST!"
	Chuck was still stroking his cock. "That shock you, Jane?"
	"Well...yes!" Jane said almost defiantly. "Yes, it does."
	Chuck smiled slowly. "Tell you what, Janie. Tell you what." He paused,
as though thinking. "You've got a brother, don't you?"
	Jane did not answer. She just looked at him. And then, very suddenly,
she went dead pale.
	Joe's eyes lit up. "Hey!" he said excitedly. "Are you thinking what I'm
thinking?"
	"Come on, Chuck," Linda moaned from the bed. "Do it to me now!"
	Chuck ignored them both. "Don't you, Jane?"
	Jane's mouth moved, but no sound came out. She nodded jerkily.
	"I thought so. What's his name again?"
	The girl swallowed. "P-Paul," she whispered.
	"Paul, right. Let's see, he's older than you, right?"
	She nodded again. "He's in college. He's away at school." Her voice
trembled a little.
	"But he'll be coming home for Easter, right? Next week?"
	She was silent. There was fear in her eyes.
	"You know what you're going to do, Janie?" Chuck said.
	The fear grew stronger. She shook her head, not so much in answer to
Chuck's question as in horrified denial of what she knew was coming. "No," she
choked.
	"You're going to seduce your brother," Chuck said.
	"No!" Jane cried. "No!" She looked around wildly, as if to escape. She
turned to Joe as though for help, but his gleeful expression crushed any hope of
that. The girl began to tremble. Her face was even whiter than before.
	"Yes," Chuck said evenly. "That's an order, Jane."
	"Chuck, please...I can't....Not my own brother....I couldn't!..."
	"Sure you can. I bet he'll jump at the chance."
	"No....Please, Chuck...I can't...please...please..."
	"Stop that!" Chuck said roughly. "I gave you an order, Jane. You're our
slave, remember? Or do I have to remind you again?"
	There was a pause. Jane's eyes dropped to the floor. She was still
shaking. "I'm your slave," she whispered brokenly. "I want to be. But I...my
brother...I..."
	"You'll do it," Chuck said adamantly. "When your brother comes home,
you'll seduce him. You'll get him to fuck you. You'll suck his cock. And then
you'll come and tell us all about it."
	Jane began to cry again, softly.
	"You understand, Jane?"
	Her bowed head moved once, in a barely perceptible nod.
	"Hey, wait a minute," Joe spoke up. "How will we know she's really done
it? I mean she could tell us she did and we wouldn't know for sure, unless we
asked her brother, and that would be--"
	"Jane wouldn't lie to us," Chuck said. "Would you, slave?"
	She gave a negative jerk of the head. A tear dropped to the floor.
	"I got an idea," Joe said. "Why don't we set it up so we can watch? That
would really be a kick!"
	Chuck frowned thoughtfully. "I don't see how we could..." He paused. "It
sure would be interesting though, wouldn't it?" he grinned. "Maybe we can figure
something out. Maybe we can."
	A low sob came from the girl.
	"Don't make such a big deal out of it, Janie," Chuck said. "It's not so
bad. in fact, incest can be a lot of fun. Watch, I'll show you."
	He walked over to the bed and looked down at his sister's outstretched
body. "You ready, Lin?" he asked mockingly.
	"Oh god," Linda whimpered. "You know I am, you bastard! Do it to me!"
	Without warning, Chuck's hand flashed out and slapped the girl sharply
across the face.
	"You know better than to talk to me like that," he rasped. "What's the
matter with you?"
	Linda's eyes melted. "I'm sorry, Chuck," she breathed. "I'm sorry. Hit
me again. I deserve it."
	"You silly little slut," Chuck said. He hit her again.
	"Ohh Chuck. Please fuck me. Please." She writhed in her bonds. "Please
fuck me. I've been waiting so long. Please."
	Chuck knelt on the side of the bed. He pushed his hips forward so that
his straining cock arched directly over her face. "This what you want, Sis?" he
teased.
	Linda lifted her head, mouth open, tongue reaching eagerly for the
throbbing pole; but he kept it tormentingly just out of her reach, swaying it
from side to side. Her eyes followed it like a hypnotized bird. She moaned in
frustration, her head dropping back to the bed.
	"PLEASE, Chuck. Give it to me. Stick it in me."
	"Beg me some more," Chuck said. "I like it."
	And while Linda begged and pleaded and babbled until she was nearly
incoherent, Chuck took his penis in his hand and deliberately rubbed it over her
face, sliding it back and forth and around, avoiding only her mouth, leaving a
thin trail of cock-seepage across her features. Then he moved lower, trailing
the big prick between her breasts, then rubbing it over each of them in the same
manner.
	By the time her brother swung himself into position between her legs,
Linda's words had become meaningless, frantic sounds. They grew in intensity as
he dragged his rock-hard shaft over her belly, and finally placed it carefully
at the entrance to her cunt. Again, as she had with Jane, she managed somehow to
arch her lower body off the bed, pulling hard against the ropes that held her.
	Chuck looked over at Jane. "Watch this, Janie. I'm going to fuck my
sister. Watch how easy it is."
	And he thrust himself up to the hilt into the girl beneath him.
	Linda shrieked with joy. Chuck did not bother now with subtlety or
timing; nor did he worry about hurting his sister, who he knew wanted to be hurt
anyway. He dropped his considerable weight on top of her, stretching himself
full-length over her body and wallowing in the sweet abundance of her flesh,
while he fucked her hard and steadily, his hips rising and falling with the
force and inevitability of an automatic pile-driver.
	His weight mashed Linda into the mattress and caused the ropes to bite
deeply and painfully into her wrists and ankles. With each thrust of his
smashing hips, her arms and legs were stretched so tightly that they seemed
about to be pulled out of their sockets. Linda loved it. She squalled in abandon
as she began to climax. Chuck kept on.
	"See, Jane?" he panted as he continued to pump himself in and out of the
flattened body beneath him. "See how nice it is?"
	Jane, in spite of her initial shock, had been watching with helpless
fascination. But now, as if made self-conscious by Chuck's words, she turned
away from the spectacle.
	"Hey!" Joe said. "Chuck told you to watch, baby." He came up behind her
and grasped her shoulders, turning her forcefully toward the bed. "Now watch!"
	Jane watched. Linda came again. Chuck kept on.
	Joe slid his hands down from Jane's shoulders and slipped them around
her body until they were covering her breasts. He pulled her back against him,
holding the firm mounds tightly. "You've got nice tits, Janie," he said into her
ear. "Real nice."
	Feeling her nipples hardening, he allowed them to poke out between the
spread index and middle fingers of each hand. Then he pinched the little nubs
between the fingers, lightly at first, and then quite hard.
	Jane drew in her breath with a sharp hiss. Joe grinned and pinched
harder.
	"Like that, baby?" he murmured.
	The girl made a little moaning noise, which might have been an
affirmative answer or merely a reaction to pain. As Joe maintained his grip on
her nippples, the soft moaning continued. Her body began to writhe.
	Chuck was oblivious to them as he went on inexorably hammering at his
sister, whose abandoned wailing seemed to grow louder with each stroke.
	Joe had Jane pressed tightly against him, and the movement of her smooth
ass against his crotch as she squirmed now began to arouse him again. He
tightened his hold on her, squeezing her breasts hard and vising the nipples at
the same time. Jane was breathing heavily. Her hands came up almost reflexively,
as if to try to pull him away from her breasts, but she made no such futile
attempt. Her hands simply covered his and stayed there, trembling.
	She was writhing more strongly now, and her movements had coaxed Joe's
cock into full erection. He pressed it hard against her. "That feels good,
Janie," he said, clutching her tits with all his strength. "Keep it up."
	"Oh!" Jane gasped. "Oh...oh god!"
	"You really dig it," Joe grunted. "Just like Linda. I want to fuck you
baby. Fuck you again. You want it too. Don't you, cunt?"
	Jane's head jerked up and down. "Yes!" she cried.
	"Bet your ass," the boy gritted. "Come on." He pulled her backwards
until they reached a soft chair near the wall. Joe sat, bringing Jane down on
top of him. He still held her breasts. "Now we can fuck and watch them at the
same time," he panted. "Okay, Janie. Put me in."
	The squirming girl reached down between her legs and lifted herself so
that she could grasp the boy's cock in her fingers. Without hesitation, she
adjusted herself above it, spreading her legs and positioning the stiff rod
until the head of it was poking between the lips of her vagina. Then, with a
wild groan, she lowered herself, slowly taking the whole of him inside her.
	"Oh yeah!" Joe said huskily, still holding on to her breasts as she
squirmed on his cock. "Now move it, baby. Up and down. That's right."
	Jane's movements were jerky and uncoordinated, but she managed to fuck
herself up and down on Joe's prick, finding what leverage she could in her
rather awkward position. Her dark hair, now tangled and matted, bounced in
rhythm with her movements. They were both breathing hard.
	Chuck kept on screwing.
	"Joe," Jane gasped. "Call me...call me that again."
	"What?" Joe asked hoarsely.
	"What you...what you called me before....Say it again.... Please..."
	Joe remembered. "Cunt!" he rasped.
	"Ohh....Oh yes..." Jane moved faster, her body twisting.
	"Cunt!" Joe repeated, emphasizing the word with a vicious squeeze of
Jane's breasts. "Dirty...fucking...cunt!"
	"Ohhh...oh god, Joe...ahh...I--I'm...AAAAHHHH!!" Her head fell back,
mouth open and yelling, and her body went into a series of spastic heavings as
her climax jolted through her.
	Her coming seemed to have set off the couple on the bed, for as if on
signal, Linda screamed out her ecstasy in yet another climax, and a few seconds
later Chuck finally finished, battering at his sister more brutally than ever as
he exploded inside her. He collapsed heavily on top of her, in no particular
hurry to relieve her of his weight.
	Only Joe had not yet come. His dick was still hard inside Jane's tight
vagina, which every few moments gave a pleasurable spasm as an after-effect of
her orgasm. But as these became less frequent, he was about to order the girl to
start moving again, when Chuck at last got up from the bed and came toward them.
	"See that, Jane?" he said smugly as he approached. "Nothing to it." He
stopped directly in front of their chair, grinning down at the limp, drained
girl on Joe's lap. He suddenly shoved his hips forward, pushing his dangling
cock, slimy from his and Linda's combined juices, close to her face.
	"Clean me off, Janie," he ordered.
	Jane opened her mouth and took his prick inside. She cleaned it off with
her tongue and her lips. She sucked and licked it thoroughly, and she didn't
stop until he pulled away from her.
	"Okay," Joe said. "Now me." and pulling his stiff rod out of her, he
opened his legs and let her slide unceremoniously to the floor. She landed on
her ass, looking surprised. "Use that mouth on me now, bitch," Joe said. "Finish
me off and make it good."
	Again Jane obeyed. She bowed her head and put her mouth over his swollen
pole. She took in as much of it as she could, though she was not able to take
nearly as much as Linda had. But she did her best to suck him well, and before
long her bobbing head and dutiful tongue brought him to a grunting climax in her
mouth. Because it was his fourth, there was really not much sperm, but what
there was she made herself swallow, as she had seen Linda do.
	"Chick's learning fast," Chuck said approvingly.
	Joe nodded. "She just needs a little pain to turn her on. She likes to
be called dirty names, too," he added. "Get up, cunt!"
	Jane got to her feet and stood before them, naked and silent.
	"Sure she does," Chuck said. "She's a dirty little whore. Aren't you,
Janie? Tell me."
	"Yes," Jane whispered.
	"Yes what?"
	She swallowed. "I'm--I'm a dirty little whore," she said.
	"And a cocksucking slave," Chuck said.
	"And...a cocksucking slave," Jane repeated. She shivered.
	"And you eat shit," Chuck said.
	"And I eat shit," the girl breathed. Her voice was unsteady. Her eyes
were shining, and her nipples had begun to stiffen.
	"Christ!" Joe said. "She's turned on again!"
	"Tough," Chuck said carelessly. "No more fun and games today. It's time
we got home. Let's let Linda loose."
	The two boys released the blonde girl from her ropes. She had been tied
up so long that she could hardly move at first, and the increased circulation in
her hands and feet was quite painful. The boys enjoyed her pain.
	At last she was able to get dressed, and the boys started to go
downstairs, where they had left their clothes.
	"Wait!" Jane spoke up. "What about me? My clothes are ruined. I--I don't
have anything to wear home."
	"I'll get you some of my sister's stuff," Joe said. He left the room and
came back carrying a sweater and skirt. "This is some old stuff," he said, "so
she won't miss it. It might be a little small for you, but it's better than
nothing."
	Jane put on the clothes. They were indeed small for her. The blue
pullover sweater was so tight that it molded every curve of her bra-less
breasts, clinging to their lovely shapes like a coat of paint and clearly
outlining the little bumps of her nipples. The skirt was not as tight, but it
came down to only a few inches below her crotch, leaving most of her shapely
legs exposed.
	She caught sight of herself in the bedroom mirror and actually blushed,
which seemed incongruous after her previous nakedness. "Don't you--can't I have
something else?" she asked tentatively.
	"That's good enough," Chuck said. "That's very sexy." His eyes gleamed
as another idea struck him. "In fact," he said slowly, "I think you should wear
that outfit to school. I bet it'll make a big hit."
	The girl looked at him, startled, hoping he was joking. He wasn't.
	"Oh no, Chuck," she said, a little wildly. "Not like this, no, I--" She
stopped. Chuck just looked at her.
	"Not like this," she said softly. "Please."
	Chuck just looked.
	Jane bowed her head.
	Chuck spoke. "The day after the Easter vacation," he said, "you will
wear those clothes to school."
	After a brief pause, Jane nodded slowly.
	Joe came to stand beside Chuck. "Say `Yes, Master'," he commanded.
	"Yes, Master," the girl said.
	"Just like that," Chuck went on. "Without underwear."
	She gulped. "Yes, Master."
	"And meanwhile, when your brother comes home next week, you will seduce
him, just as I have told you."
	"...Yes, Master..." Her voice was very faint.
	"And Jane--from now on, whenever I give you an order--or Joe does--no
matter what it is--I don't want any argument. I don't want any objection. I
don't want any hesitation. I don't care what it is, I don't give a shit whether
you like it or not. You do it. That's all. Just do it. Immediately. You
understand that...slave?"
	"Yes, Master," Jane said.




                                                 SEVEN

	They had found a way.
	Jane's father, a widower, had converted the basement of their house into
a large paneled den, game room and what-have-you, complete with billiard table,
ping-pong table, and a small bar.  He also kept his painting equipment there. He
was an artist, but his painting was confined to his off-hours; he worked in the
art department of a local advertising agency.
	In this setting, Chuck and Joe decided, Jane's seduction of her brother
would take place.
	What made it particularly ideal for their purposes was that there was a
small bathroom adjoining the game room, separated from it only by a thin wall--a
partition, really. They had spent part of an afternoon drilling two very small
holes into this partition at eye-level. The holes were barely noticeable except
under close inspection; but by putting an eye to them while standing in the
bathroom, the boys could see a good portion of the main room--a portion which
included the sofa which Jane had been instructed to make the locale of the
action.
	They stood at their places now. Jane was with them. She was wearing the
same outfit Joe had given her at his house--the tight sweater and the short
skirt. With nothing beneath. She was very pale. Her sharply outlined breasts
strained the material of the sweater with her apprehensive breathing. From time
to time she glanced pleadingly at Chuck. Chuck ignored her.
	They were waiting for her brother to come in.
	"Where the hell is he?" Joe said irritably.
	"He'll be here any minute," Chuck said. "Jane said he told her he was
just going to the store. Right, Jane?"
	Jane nodded jerkily.
	"But what if--" Joe began; but he stopped when they heard the sound of
the front door opening upstairs. They listened. The door closed. They heard
footsteps moving around over their heads.
	"It's him, right?" Chuck whispered.
	The girl nodded again.
	Chuck waited until the footsteps stopped, to see if perhaps Jane's
brother would come down to the basement on his own; but it sounded as though he
had settled down somewhere upstairs.
	"Okay," he said to Jane. "Go ahead."
	Jane swallowed hard. She was trembling. But she knew what she had to do.
She turned and walked out into the main room of the basement. She went to the
bottom of the stairway leading upstairs, and called out.
	"Paul?" Her voice sounded strange.
	Her brother's voice answered. "Yeah?"
	"Can--can you come down here a minute? Please?"
	"Okay."
	The girl walked back to the center of the room. Near the couch. Where
she knew she was in full view of the watching boys. She stood there, waiting,
trying to keep herself from shaking.
	In a minute there was the sound of someone coming down the stairs. "Hi,
Jane," Paul's voice said. "What's up?"
	He came into the boys' view now. He was about twenty, tall and thin,
with long sandy hair. He had a studious air about him, and, like his sister, he
wore glasses. He was, it seemed to Chuck, definitely struck by the
unaccustomedly sexy outfit Jane was wearing, but trying not to show it too
obviously.
	"Hi," Jane said nervously. She started to say something more, but had to
swallow a gulp in her throat.
	Paul looked at her face more closly. "Hey, what is it?" he asked.
"Something wrong? You look strange."
	The girl gulped again. "Paul," she began. "Do you...do you think
	I'm...um...attractive?"
	He frowned puzzledly. "What? Well--well, sure. I mean--you know, yeah.
Sure." He shrugged. "What's this all about?"
	She took a deep breath. "Do you think I'm--sexy?"
	Paul stared, then gave a little laugh, trying to pass it off lightly.
"Sure. Sure I do. Especially in that--those things you've got on now. I mean
they're kind of--small for you, aren't they?"
	"I could...take them off," Jane said. Her voice shook just a little.
	Paul's mouth opened, then closed again. He looked stupefied. "What?" he
said finally, as though he hadn't heard properly.
	"Would you like me to?" Jane said.
	It was her brother who gulped this time. "Jane," he said hoarsely. "What
the hell...what are you doing?"
	Chuck could sense the white-faced girl gathering her determination for
the next statement.
	"Paul," she forced out, "I want you to fuck me."
	The young man stood stock still, staring at her in disbelief. Chuck and
Joe watched tensely. They felt that this was the decisive moment. If Paul was
shocked into running away now, their scheme was a failure.
	Paul's mouth moved, but nothing came out for a moment. "Jesus Christ,"
he managed finally. He said it again. "Jesus Christ, Jane. You--you're my
SISTER!"
	It sounded just like what Jane had said to him about Linda, Chuck
reflected.
	"I don't care," Jane said.
	She did care, Chuck knew. She cared terribly. But she was doing what she
had to do.
	"Jane...my god...we can't..."
	Jane didn't say anything more. She crossed her arms in front of her,
grasped the bottom of the tight sweater and pulled it off over her head.
	Her face was no longer pale; it had turned a flaming red. But she stood
there and let him look at her.
	"Oh my god," Paul said weakly.
	Jane dropped the sweater on the floor. Her glasses had been pulled off
with it and were still entagled in the material, but she did not attempt to
retrieve them. Her hands went to the button of the skirt.
	"Jane," her brother protested half-heartedly. "Jane, wait--"
	The skirt fell around her feet.
	"Oh god," he whispered again.
	Naked now, she stood for a moment while he took her in. Then she stepped
toward him. She began to unbutton his shirt.
	He was twitching, as though he wanted to run away but couldn't. "Jane,"
he groaned. "We can't....Jane, listen... Jane..."
	And then he grabbed her.
	A hoarse cry of lust escaped his throat as he crushed her naked body
against him. Blindly he sought her mouth with his. Like a dutiful slave, she
kissed him back, opening her mouth to allow his eager tongue inside, matching
his thrusts with her own tongue when she sensed that was what he wanted,
pressing herself tightly against him from head to toe as his hands wandered
searchingly over her body.
	At last he released her, stepping back a bit so he could touch her
breasts, cup them in his hands. Once again she began undoing his clothing, and
now he helped her, feverishly pulling at his garments until he was naked too.
	She pulled him toward the couch. Good girl, Chuck thought. Ever
obedient. She lay down on the couch on her back, legs apart, arms outstretched.
Chuck's cock was hard. Not only because the sight of the naked girl offering
herself to her brother was so erotic, but also because he knew she was doing it
because he had ordered her to.
	Paul stood above her, breathing hard. He almost seemed to be hesitating
again, even now. Jane reached up and touched his stiff cock. With a groan, he
threw himself on top of her.
	There was some initial fumbling, but soon he had found her and was
inside of her, pumping madly. Jane's instructions were to make it as good for
him as she could, and she did that. She held him tightly in her arms and wrapped
her legs around his hips. She thrust herself upward in rhythm with his
uncontrolled lunges, matching him stroke for stroke, while at the same time
swiveling her hips and squirming her body beneath him.
	Chuck was aware of Joe breathing heavily beside him, awed as he was by
the girl's abandoned fucking. He wondered if Joe noticed the tears dropping from
her eyes and rolling steadily down the sides of her face as she assiduously
pleasured her brother.
	It didn't take very long. Whether Paul was not very experienced, or
whether the novelty of screwing his sister was too much for him, his control was
not too strong. He gave a loud gasp and then came with a series of shrill moans.
He lay on top of her for a moment, panting hard, and then pushed himself up to a
sitting position. He looked dazed.
	Jane sat up too. She was also breathing heavily. Surreptitiously she
wiped the tears from her face. Paul didn't notice.
	"My god!" he breathed. It seemed to be his favorite expression.
	Jane said nothing. She was waiting to get her breath back. Her task was
not yet over.
	"Jane," Paul said hollowly, "don't...don't tell anybody. I mean--I mean
don't ever tell anybody. Jesus!"
	Jane shook her head.
	Paul started to get up from the couch. Jane stopped him. "Wait," she
said. She had further instructions, and she was going to carry them out.
	She slipped off the couch and went to her knees on the floor. She didn't
move between his legs, because then her back would have been to the partition
and the watching boys, and she knew they wanted to see as much of the action as
possible. She approached him from the side, kneeling at his feet.
	Paul's eyes widened as he realized what she was going to do.
"Hey--wait--" he said nervousely. "Jane...I don't think..."
	But Jane had already lowered her head to his lap and taken his limp,
slimy penis into her mouth.
	He made a loud hissing noise, and his head fell back against the top of
the couch. "Oh my god!" he bleated.
	Jane worked hard at his cock, sucking and licking it steadily, using
mouth, lips and tongue to coax him back into erection; and before long he was as
hard and stiff as before. She then proceeded to suck him off with all the skill
her limited experience and natural talent could muster, while he groaned and
gasped and writhed on the couch.
	Chuck's cock throbbed painfully in his pants as he watched the naked
dark-haired girl sliding her slave mouth over her brother's straining pole.
Slowly at first, using her tongue to maximize his pleasure, then gradually
faster and harder, taking as much of him into her mouth as she could, her hands
stroking what her mouth couldn't reach, her hair swirling around her bobbing
head. He wondered if she was crying again, but he couldn't tell whether it was
tears or perspiration which dampened her face.
	Even though he had just climaxed mightily a few minutes earlier, Paul
was not going to hold out much longer against what his sister's mouth was doing
to him. His breath was rattling in his throat and he was squirming and twitching
spastically. Jane never let up. her head moved steadily up and down, her tongue
working, her cheeks hollowing as she sucked. Chuck could hear her breathing hard
through her nostrils. His prick jumped. What a great thing he and Joe had found!
	Paul was hunched over his sister's head now, his hands clutching at her
hair, his eyes wide but sightless. He made a noise like the barking of a dog as
he climaxed again, shooting his sperm into Jane's still sucking mouth. She
swallowed it down, swallowing each spurt as it came from his jerking prick, and
she held him in her mouth until he had drained himself completely and gone limp
again.
	Then, finally, she released him and pulled away. She sat on the floor,
her body slumped, her head bowed, breathing hard but otherwise unmoving.
	Paul took a few minutes to recover. Then, somewhat weakly, he raised
himself from the couch and stumbled toward his clothes. He pulled them on
clumsily, saying "Jesus" and "Oh my god" at regular intervals.
	Dressed, he gazed down uncertainly at his sister. "Jane,   I--" he
started. "Jane, my god, that was--"
	Jane didn't say anything. She continued to stare at the floor.
	"My god," Paul said finally, and fled up the stairs.
	They heard the front door open and close as he went out.
	After waiting a moment to make sure he was gone, Chuck came out of the
bathroom, followed by Joe. Both boys were grinning hugely. Jane did not look up
at them.
	"Jane, you were great!" Chuck said happily. "Just great!"
	"Fantastic!" Joe agreed. He chortled. "And the best part of it all was
Paul's face!"
	Jane said nothing. A tear fell from her eye to the floor.
	Chuck's eyes narrowed. The grin slowly vanished. A wave of pure lust
washed over him, and when he spoke his voice was quite different.
	"Look at me, Jane," he said.
	The girl slowly raised her head and looked up at him, blinking away the
moisture in her eyes.
	Without warning, Chuck raised his hand and swung downward, hitting her
brutally across the face. The blow knocked her sideways, and she lay on the
floor, gasping with pain but too surprised to cry.
	"You talk to us when we address you, slave," Chuck said. "You understand
that?"
	The girl nodded.
	"I can't hear you, bitch," Chuck said softly.
	"Yes," Jane whispered, then added, "Master."
	"Good. Now get off the floor, slut. I want you on your hands and knees.
That's where a slave belongs."
	Jane obeyed him. She was a classic picture of servility, crouching on
all fours, naked, her head bowed, her breasts dangling. Chuck sat on the couch,
gazing at her silently for a minute. Then he leaned back and raised his legs,
resting his feet on her back as if she were a footstool. Jane didn't move.
	"Now," Chuck said, "we'll talk about what to do with you next."
	Joe, however, had no doubts. He was swiftly stripping off his clothes.
"Damn, I KNOW what I want to do with her," he said. "Watching her screwing her
brother made me so hot, I want to fuck her tits off!"
	"So do I," Chuck said. "But Jane's got something coming first. She needs
to be punished, don't you, slave?"
	Jane nodded, then said, "Yes, Master."
	"Of course." Chuck swung his feet down now and sat forward, and the girl
raised her head to look at him. There was a faint glimmer of excitement in her
eyes. Chuck smiled at her, and the smile sent a shiver over her body--a shiver
of fear and of uncontrollable need.
	"She's a very bad girl," Chuck went on. "She's a filthy little whore
who's just fucked her brother. Aren't you, whore?"
	"Yes," Jane breathed. She swallowed. "Yes, I am."
	"Fucked him and sucked his cock with her slut mouth," Chuck said.
"That's incest, cunt. You have to be punished for that. Don't you?"
	Jane was breathing heavily. "Yes," she moaned. "Yes, Master. Punish me."
	"What should we do with this brother-fucking little bitch?" Chuck said
to Joe.
	Joe already knew what Chuck planned to do. They had discussed it
earlier. The exposed beams in the basement ceiling provided too good an
opportunity to pass up.
	"I think," Joe said gravely, "she should be strung up from the ceiling
and whipped."
	A soft, breathless moan came from the girl. Her eyes shone with lust,
and her nipples hardened into firm little stones at the tips of her dangling
breasts.
	Chuck smiled at her again. "Would you like that, slave?"
	"Oh," Jane whispered. "Oh yes. Oh god. Yes. Please. Do it. Please."
	"All right," Chuck told Joe. "Get the rope." They had brought rope with
them. As Joe went to get it, Chuck took off his clothes, revealing his thick,
throbbing erection. He stroked his prick a few times, sorely tempted to stick it
right then into Jane's cunt, or her mouth, or her ass--but he held the
temptation at bay.
	Joe brought the rope. Together they hauled the girl roughly to her feet,
and tied her wrists together in front of her. With another, very long piece of
rope attached to the rope around her wrists, they led the naked girl under one
of the wooden beams. Joe stood on a chair to guide the end of the rope over the
beam. Chuck grabbed the dangling end and began to pull.
	Jane's arms rose over her head. As Chuck continued to pull slowly on the
rope, the arms tautened and strained. A soft hissing sound came from the girl.
Chuck pulled.
	Her body began to stretch. Her breasts rose and tightened, flattened a
little, the nipples jutting out like small spikes. There were tiny crackling
noises as the joints of her shoulders and elbows protested the unaccustomed
pressure. Her ribs stood out against her white skin; her belly hollowed; her hip
bones were prominent beneath tightly drawn flesh.
	Jane began to whimper.
	Chuck pulled.
	The girl's head fell back, her mouth wide open and gasping. The ropes
cut deeply into her wrists as the entire weight of her was put on them. Her body
was now pulled so taut she seemed elongated, her bones standing out as though
she were a skeleton with a thin layer of skin glued over them; but the effect
was offset by the undeniably feminine shapeliness of her figure and the smooth,
inviting sweetness of her young flesh.
	Joe, gazing at the sight from his perch on the chair, gave a low,
appreciative whistle.
	"Yeah, she's something, all right," Chuck said, his voice a bit strained
with exertion. "You like this, Janie?"
	"Yes..." Jane gasped. "Yes...oh yes..."
	Chuck pulled.
	Jane's feet began to leave the floor.
	Her breath came in quick, panting moans. her legs writhed as her feet
struggled reflexively to maintain contact. Only her toes touched the floor now.
By holding very still, straining her legs, she could keep her balance on them
for brief periods.	
	Chuck pulled on the rope.
	The girl hung in space.
	"Okay," Chuck said, and Joe grabbed the rope and tied it off tightly
around the beam. He jumped down from the chair, and the two boys stepped back to
gaze at the hanging girl.
	She was moaning like an animal, her head hanging back, her body twisting
slowly, her legs still futilely reaching for purchase. Perspiration already
trickled down her sides. She was in great pain. And she was, Chuck knew, happier
than she had ever been in her life.
	"Ready to be whipped, Jane?" he said.
	"Aahh...oohh...yes...yes...yes..."
	"You heard the lady," he told Joe. "Whip her."
	"You bet!" Joe said, and eagerly went to get his belt from his discarded
trousers. Returning, he looked at his friend suspiciously. "What are you gonna
do?"
	Chuck grinned at him. "I'm going to fuck her."
	Joe gaped. "You mean...at the same time?"
	"Why not?"
	"Jesus," Joe said. Then: "Why don't YOU whip her and I'LL fuck her!"
	"Later," Chuck said. "There's plenty for everybody." He walked up to the
dangling, moaning girl. "You're beautiful, slave," he said, putting his hands on
her breasts.
	"Please..." Jane panted hoarsely. "Please..."
	"Please what?" He pinched the hard nipples.
	"Aaaahh! Ahh! Oh. Oh yes...oh god, yes...."
	"Jane," Chuck gritted, twisting her nipples while she writhed and
groaned in ecstatic pain. "I'm going to fuck the shit out of you, and Joe is
going to whip you until you scream for mercy. Then he'll fuck you and I'll whip
you even harder. After that maybe we'll both whip you at the same time. One on
each side. All over your sweet little whore's body. Until you wish you were
dead. You hear me, Jane? You hear me, you cock-sucking slave cunt?"
	Jane was nearly out of her mind with the beautiful, overpowering joy of
her pain and his words. "Oh my god," she gasped, struggling to force the words
out. "Chuck...I love you, Chuck...I love you!"
	For a brief moment, Chuck was taken aback. Then he laughed. "Okay,
baby," he said. "Show me!" He reached down and took hold of her legs, grasping
each one beneath the thigh and pulling them up on either side of his waist. He
had positioned her at just the right height for what he meant to do. He moved
forward until his body was against hers.
	"Wrap your legs around me," he told her. "And hold on."
	She obeyed, her legs trembling with strain; but their hold on him
partially alleviated the tension on her wrists. Chuck grasped her by the
buttocks and bent his knees a little, adjusting himself; then he straightened as
his stiff prick found the entrance to Jane's cunt. He thrust himself strongly
into her, and she cried out as he slid all the way inside.
	His long pent-up tension and the twitching and wriggling of her
pain-filled body nearly made him come immediately; but he exerted all the
control he had. This was going to be something special.
	He nodded over Jane's shoulder at Joe. "Okay. Do it."
	Joe took his position a few feet in back of the girl. He dangled the
belt from his hand. He licked his dry lips.
	"Be careful," Chuck warned him. "You better not hit ME, or I'll--"
	"Don't worry," Joe said. He hesitated. "How hard should I..."
	"Beat the crap out of her," Chuck said.
	He felt Jane shudder against him.
	Joe raised his arm, brought the belt back, and swing it with all his
strength.
	It hit Jane across the lower back, just above the crack of her ass. It
made a sound like a pistol shot.
	Jane screamed. Her body jerked forward with the impact, nearly knocking
Chuck off his feet. But he stayed where he was, his cock lodged inside her as
her hips jerked and writhed against him.
	"Jesus, that was beautiful," he said hoarsely. "Do it again."
	Joe did it again. The belt struck a little higher this time. Again the
girl screamed, again her torso slammed against Chuck's her cunt squirming like
mad around his aching cock.
	"Fantastic," Chuck panted. "Just fantastic. Kiss me, Janie."
	Jane was sobbing now, tears rolling down her face. She brought her head
up and blindly found his mouth with her own. She ground her lips against his,
her tongue reaching desperately, as though to thrust itself down his throat. Her
straining, squirming body was plastered against his flesh. He heard the wicked
whistle of the belt again, and when it slammed across the girl's back she
screamed into his mouth.
	He tore his mouth away. he knew he could not hold out much longer, and
he felt that Jane was on the verge of climax too. He wanted Joe to get in a few
more licks with the belt--for the pleasure of both of them.
	"Come on!" he gasped harshly. "Faster!"
	Joe obeyed him with a will. Four, five, six times in quick succession
the belt hissed throught the air and cracked across the girl's naked back. her
screams became one continuous shriek, broken only by sobbing gasps for breath.
Chuck held on to her crazily bucking body, the blood pounding in his head and
the noise of her screaming in his ear crowding out all consciousness except for
the incredible pleasure of her twisting flesh against his body and her widly
jouncing cunt encasing his nearly bursting cock.
	He thought she was coming, but he wasn't sure, and anyway he didn't care
any more. he closed his eyes and gave himself up to the overpowering sensation;
and as the belt struck home yet again over the sweet flesh of the hanging girl's
back, he gave a loud groan and shot his load at last, exploding again and again,
sending great spurts of sperm deep, deep into her clutching, spasming tunnel.
	For several moments afterwards he was only dimly aware of his
surroundings, so great had been the force of this dazzling orgasmic experience.
He stepped back from the girl, who hung once again from her wrists, still
sobbing and gasping, though her screams had diminished into weird-sounding
groans. Joe, still holding the belt, was saying eagerly: "My turn, Chuck. You
whip her now, okay?"
	But they were both struck into stillness by the sound of hurrying
footsteps upstairs. The noise and excitement had evidently prevented them from
hearing the front door. Before they could move, they heard someone rushing down
the stairs to the basement. And then they were staring at the figure of a man
standing at the foot of the stairs, gaping in frozen horror at the scene before
him.
	It was Alex Burkeimer--Jane's father.




                                                            EIGHT

	Struck dumb with shock, his jaw slack, his eyes bulging, Alex Burkheimer
stared helplessly at the incredible sight of his daughter, naked, strung up to
the basement ceiling, and flanked by two equally naked boys, one of whom
brandished a blatant erection, as well as a belt with which he obviously had
been beating the girl.
	Burhkeimer was about fifty, a rather tall man, thickening now around the
waist. His brown hair was greying rapidly, as was the thich mustache which gave
him a somewhat bristly look. This was offset, though, by the glasses which
seemed to run in his family. At the moment his mouth was working reflexively,
but he was making only a low choking sound.
	The surprised boys gazed back at him, as frozen as he. The first
reaction came from Jane, who upon seeing her father gave a cry of fear and
shame, and tried helplessly to turn herself away from him.
	At last Burkheimer was able to speak. "Take her down," he got out, his
voice sounding hoarse and trembling with rage.
	Chuck swallowed, thinking fast. "Look, Mr. Burkheimer," he said quickly.
"We can explain all this. See, it's just--"
	Burkheimer suddenly charged across the room toward them. "Take her
down!" he shouted.
	Chuck put up his hands in a pacifying gesture. "Sure. Okay." He got the
chair Joe had stood on, mounted it and quickly undid the rope, letting the girl
down gradually. She sank to the floor. Joe, dropping the belt, went to her and
fumbled with he rope around her wrists until he got it loose. He was shaking
with nervousness. Chuck jumped down. Jane had tried to rise, but her legs
wouldn't hold her; she lay huddled into a ball, her back to her father, sobbing.
	Burkheimer was shaking too, but with shock and anger. "Monsters!" he
shouted. "You dirty--"
	"Listen, Mr. Burkheimer," Chuck said desperately. "Just let me--"
	"Shut up!" Burkheimer exploded. "Filth! Perverts!" His face was mottled,
his breath coming hard. "I'm calling the police!" he declared, and turned,
moving toward the stairs.
	Chuck rushed past him and stood at the foot of the staircase, blocking
his way. "I wouldn't do that, Mr. Burkheimer," he said, trying to keep himself
calm. "It would just cause a lot of trouble. If you--"
	"Get out of my way!" the man demanded.
	"Please," Chuck said, not moving. "If you'd just let me explain--"
	"Explain!" Burkeimer looked as though he was going to burst. "Out of my
way!" he said again.
	"I can't let you, sir," Chuck said. "You don't want to get Jane in
trouble, do you?"
	"Why you--" The man stood glaring at him. He obviously knew he could not
get up the stairs if Chuck wanted to prevent him; but he seemed to be ready to
try.
	Chuck was still thinking rapidly. He called to Joe, and the other boy
came over to him. "Listen," Chuck told him softly. "Go upstairs and call Linda.
Tell her to get her ass over here. Quick!"
	Joe nodded and scooted past him up the stairs.
	Burkheimer took a step toward him. Chuck talked fast. "Just listen a
minute, Mr. Burkheimer. Please. See, this was all just a sort of--of game we--"
	"Game!" the man spat out, incredulous.
	"Sure. See, nobody's really hurt. We weren't doing anything to Jane that
she didn't want us to do. We--"
	"You bastard!" Burkheimer shouted. "You were beating her! Tying her up!
Having--having--"
	Chuck shrugged. "She likes it," he said simply.
     		The man stared at him, speechless for a moment. "Liar!" he said
at last. "Filthy, lousy liar!"
	"I'm not," the boy said. "Ask her."
	"I will not!" Burkheimer said, but his tone was hollow. "I know my
daughter. I--" He broke off, as though his strength had suddenly left him. He
seemed to sag all over. He walked slowly to the couch and sat down heavily.
	"I don't understand," he said, shaking his head. "I don't understand
what's--" He looked over at his daughter. "Jane... Jane, are you...all right?"
	Jane nodded jerkily, not looking at him. She had found Chuck's shirt on
the floor and pulled it over her huddled body.
	"Did they...Were you..." Burkheimer stammered, but he couldn't complete
the thought.
	There was silence. Chuck wished Linda would get there. Their house was
not far away.
	At last he heard the front door open. Joe must have been watching for
her. He met them as they came down the stairs.
	"Stay here," he said to Joe. "Watch him. Don't let him come up." He
grabbed Linda and pulled her to the top of the stairs.
	"What the hell is this all about?" she demanded. "You didn't even tell
me you were coming here, you rat! What--"
	"Shut up!" Chuck said. "Listen. We're in trouble. Old Burkheimer found
us with Jane, and we've got to keep him quiet. He's liable to do anything. I
want you to make it with him. That way he'll be--"
	"What! With that old fart?" Linda shook her head. "No way! He must be--"
	Chuck slapped her hard across the face, forehand and back, and then
again, forehand and back. He knew it was the quickest way to convince her, and
he was right. Her eyes melted, and her body swayed toward him.
	"You'll do what I say, bitch!"
	"Yes," she said softly. "All right, Chuck. I'll do it."
	"Now get down there and get to it."
	He followed her down the stairs. Burkheimer was still on the couch. Joe
had put on his trousers. Jane had disappeared, evidently into the bathroom.
	"Mr. Burkheimer," Chuck said. "I think you know my sister, Linda."
	Burkheimer looked up. He seemed to have regained some of his strength,
though he still seemed unsure of what to do about the situation. "Now look," he
said to Chuck. "If you think you can just get away with--with what I saw here,
let me tell you--"
	"I think, sir, you just don't realize the--the way things are," Chuck
said. "See, we kids today are a little freer, probably, than in your generation.
No disrespect, sir," he added hastily. "But see, we can have fun without so many
restrictions, because we're not up tight about sex and stuff. I'm sure you
understand that--and I think you'd understand even better if you
could--well--participate. That's why I asked Linda to come over."
	Burkheimer stared at him. "What are you saying?" he demanded.
	"She's very pretty," Chuck said. "Don't you think so?"
	"Well...yes..."
	"Would you like to see her naked?"
	Jane's father was unable to answer.
	"Show him, Linda."
	Linda took off her clothes.

                                                                  #

	Alex Burkheimer had been a widower for years. He had not been celibate
during that time, but there had not been many occasions lately when a young,
beautiful, innocent-looking girl with long blonde hair and a marvellous figure
had undressed in front of him. Within himself he knew that by allowing this to
happen, he was forfeiting the chance to do something about the shocking scene he
had witnessed--but he could not bring himself to stop it.
	The naked girl walked toward him. His eyes went over her full, firm
breasts, her jutting hips, her wickedly curved legs. There was an undeniable
bulge in his pants.
	He glanced over at Chuck and Joe. Were they going to watch while... He
realized suddenly that Chuck was still naked, and that this naked girl was his
sister. Kids were freer, all right. He thought of Jane. He saw her hanging by
her wrists, her body stretched taut, her head back, her tight breasts with the
pointing nipples heaving with her gasping breath, the marks of the belt against
the smooth expanse of her back....
	The guilty image faded out of his mind as Linda sat down in his lap.
	She put her arms around his neck, her face close to his. Her mouth was
open and inviting. His nostrils detected the faint clean scent of her naked
body, the girlish sweetness of her breath. In spite of the last ragged voices of
prudence which still sounded in his brain, he was helpless to keep his hands
from touching the bare creamy flesh of her thighs, or from sliding up over the
curve of her hips to the silky skin of her back.
	"Ooohh," she said very softly, and her parted lips quivered deliciously.
	He was lost. He kissed her.
	She moaned sexily against his mouth as her soft lips yielded to his
eager kiss. Her tongue came out to meet his, stroking it with languorous
eroticism within the cavern of his mouth. His head swam with a nearly forgotten
intensity of passion as the kiss went on. He felt the firmly resilient bulge of
her breast against his chest, and the blood throbbed in his cock as it thrust up
painfully against his trousers.
	The girl wriggled closwer to him, and the hard bulge of his erection
pressed against her thigh. She gave a little gasp and drew her mouth away. She
smiled at him.
	"Oh, Mr. Burkheimer," she breathed. "That feels wonderful!"
Deliberately, she squirmed again, rubbing her leg wickedly against the stiffness
at his crotch.
	This time it was he who gasped. Linda continued to writhe gently on his
lap, keeping up the delightful stimulation of his engorged prick. Now he bent
his head to press his lips to the flesh of a naked breast. The girl sighed with
pleasure as he opened his mouth to take in the hard nipple, along with as much
of the surrounding flesh as he could. His tongue laved the small, firm nubbin
while his mouth sucked eagerly at the luscious mound.
	"Ohh yes," the girl said breathily. "Oh, that's nice. Do it harder. Bite
me!"
	He nibbled gently at her nipple, marveling at its rubbery yet tender
consistency.
	"Harder," Linda pleaded. "Harder!"
	But he was afraid of hurting her. Instead, he brought a hand up to play
with that breast while his mouth moved over to feast on the other.
	She crooned into his ear. "Aahh. Oh that's good. That's so good." She
was still twisting slowly against him. "I want you to fuck me," she whispered.
	Her words brought his excitement to a new pitch--even though, with the
rational part of his mind, he knew what she was doing. He was aware that she was
not all that turned on by him, a fifty-year-old man whom she hardly knew. He
knew she had been put up to this by her brother in order to keep him quiet. But
he didn't care. She was here, naked and ready. He wanted her.
	He raised his head from her breast. She looked so young and
unspoiled--she was probably underage, he realized. He wanted to see those words
coming from her innocent-looking mouth. "Say that again," he said in a croaking
voice.
	"I want you to fuck me," she repeated softly. Seeing that her words
aroused him, she went on, looking straight into his eyes. "Fuck me. Fuck, fuck,
fuck,. I want you to stick your prick all the way inside my cunt and screw me to
death." She jiggled her leg against his throbbing bulge. "Would you like that,
Mr. Burkheimer?" she said with a hit of a giggle.
	He grabbed her and kissed her again. While she explored the inside of
his mouth with her questing tongue, her hands went to the buttons on his shirt.
She fumbled at them, undoing a couple and then tearing the shirt open
impatiently, sending the remaining buttons popping. She ran her hands down his
hairy chest, then leaned forward against him without breaking the kiss, turning
her body so that both breasts mashed against his bare flesh. he felt the hard
points of her nipples burning into his skin. She moved her upper body so that
her breasts worked against him. He moaned into her open mouth.
	When they broke apart again her hands immediately dropped to his
trousers. She unbuckled his belt, opened the button and eagerly pulled down the
zipper of his fly. When her hand touched his cock, he gasped. Gently she pulled
it out into the open. It stood tall and proud, jerking from time to time with
the strength of his desire.
	"Oh, wow!" Linda sighed, and stroked the quivering pole with a soft
hand. "I want that inside me," she said. "All of it. Now."
	And without giving him a chance to move, she rose from his lap for a
moment and then straddled him, kneeling on the couch with a leg on either side
of his. She hitched herself closer to him and reached for his straining phallus,
holding it straight up and positioning her cunt directly above it.
	"You don't have to do a thing, Mr. Burnkheimer," she said sweetly. "I'll
do the fucking. You just sit there and enjoy it."
	She lowered herself slowly, guiding the tip of his cock into her with
her fingers. Then she took her hand away, and as she lowered her body further,
taking all of him gradually inside her, Burkheimer's head fell back against the
back of the couch, and he drew in his breath with a sharp hiss, which mingled
with the low animal-like cry coming from the mouth of the girl.
	She didn't stop until she had taken all of him inside her, and was
sitting on his thighs, her buttocks two soft squirming pillows against his legs.
She stayed there for a moment, her hips twisting in a slow, involuntary motion.
Her eyes were half glazed and she was panting softly.
	"Ooohh," she moaned. "Oh, lovely. Ohh. Ohh."
	He felt that she was truly aroused now, and felt a surge of pride that
his ageing prick could still do that to a girl. He himself was breathing hard.
Her sweet, tight twat gripped his cock from root to tip in its velvet grip, and
sent tingles of passion crackling through his body.
	Then she began to move. Slowly at first, very slowly, a small, almost
stationary movement which barely lifted her buttocks from his legs, but which
set the walls of her cunt caressing his turgid dick like a warm, enclosing hand.
He heard his own breath whistling in and out of his mouth, and his hands found
her smooth thighs and slid back and forth as if of their own accord over the
curving flesh.
	Gradually, almost imperceptibly, Linda's movements intensified. Her cunt
began to slide up and down over his throbbing tool, making long, steady sweeps,
punctuated by tiny shifting movments of her hips. These soon began to quicken,
until she was fucking him in earnest, her body rising and falling rhythmically.
He could feel the muscles working in her thighs as they pumped her up and down.
Her breasts began to bounce and jiggle. He raised his hands to them, cupping
them in his palms and squeezing gently.
	She smiled at him. They were both breathing hard. "You like it?" she
asked breathlessly. "Fucking me?"
	"You're fucking ME," he reminded her.
	"Yes. Fucking you." She had remembered how her words excited him.
"Fucking you. Fucking you," she said, in panting rhythm with her increasingly
strong up-and-down movements. "Fuck... Fuck... Fuck... Oh yes... Fuck..." She
was bouncing hard now, her legs pumping, her body twisting over his cock, her
hair loose around her face and bobbing in a crazy rhythm of its own.
	"Linda," Burkheimer panted. "How...how old are you?"
	She smiled again. "Seventeen."
	"Jesus!" But he was more excited than ever.
	"Seventeen...is the best age...for fucking," she got out.
	He was not about to argue. What he was about to do was come. So was she.
She was jouncing and squirming and gasping, and if he could only hold out...
	"Squeeze me," she moaned. "Squeeze my tits!"
	He squeezed.
	"Harder! Harder!"
	He thought he must be hurting her; but he squeezed harder.
	"More! Damn you! Harder!"
	Her tone angered him a little. If that was what she wanted... He
tightened his hands as hard as he could over the beautiful bouncing mounds.
	"Aaaahh!!...Ohhh god!!...Yes!!...Aaaaahhh!!!"
	He had never known anything like the violence of her jerking, spasming,
twisting climax. Inevitably it set him off too, and with a loud groan he shot
his load up into her while she was still bucking and heaving above him.
	Finally she collapsed, leaning heavily against him, her head on his
shoulder and her rasping breath warming his neck. When they had both more or
less recovered themselves, she pushed herself up and rolled off him, slumping
down beside him on the couch.
	"Wow!" she said, still somewhat short of breath. "You're something else,
Mr. Burkheimer!"
	"I think," he said hoarsely, "you may as well call me Alex."
	"Okay, Alex." She grinned at him. He saw the marks of his fingers on her
breasts.
	"She's not bad either, is she, Alex?" Chuck's voice said.
	He looked around suddenly. He had actually almost completely forgotton
about Linda's brother and the other boy. Now he saw that Chuck had been watching
them from one end of the room, where he now sat casually on the pool table,
still naked. Joe was nowhere to be seen, and Jane had not reappeared. He
remembered guiltily about Jane as he hastily fumbled with his pants, zipping
hiself up.
	"Where's...where's Jane?" he said to the boy.
	"She's still in the bathroom," Chuck replied. "Joe's in there with her.
See, he didn't get his turn with her before, and he's a horny little bastard."
	Burkheimer understood that, having watched him ball his young sister,
Chuck now felt he could say anything to him with impunity. He thought of his
daughter with puzzlement and sorrow--and something else he didn't want to
examine. He shook his head. "Jane," he murmured, half to himself.
	"You shouldn't think badly of Janie," Chuck said. "She's a real nice
kid. She's just discovering her sexual needs, that's all."
	He shook his head again. "But she's always been so...so... quiet and..."
He trailed off.
	"Don't worry about it," Linda put in. "She's okay."
	But he could not leave the subject alone. There was something he had to
know. He looked over at Chuck. "You...you said something... You were beating
her...tying her up... You said she...she LIKES it!"
	"That's right," Chuck said. "She digs pain. And bondage. And being
ordered around, like a slave."
	"So do I," said Linda.
	Burkheimer stared at her. "You mean...you--you actually LIKE
being...being hurt and..."
	"Sure," Linda said. "Lots of girls do. Men too. Don't you ever want to
get rough with a girl?"
	"No," he said. "No. Of course not."
	But...Jane...
	He couldn't keep it hidden from himself, and now suddenly he felt that
he could talk freely to these young people. What did it matter, anyway?
	"When I saw Jane," he said. "When I came down here and saw her...hanging
there...I--well, I was outraged and horrified, and afraid for her too, of
course. But--"
	"Go on," Chuck said.
	"She was beautiful," Burkheimer said in a low voice. "Hanging there like
that. Beautiful. Her--her helplessness. Her naked body. Stretched like that.
Vulnerable. Her...breasts. Her hair...hanging down. Her mouth open. The...the
marks on her skin. Her pain. God!" he exclaimed, and put his face in his hands.
	There was a silence. Then Burkheimer spoke without raising his head.
	"When I saw her like that...I--I wantd to..."
	"You wanted to fuck her," Linda said.
	He turned his head to stare at her. "Oh, no. No! My own daughter?" He
shook his head violently. "No!"
	"You wanted to whip her," Chuck offered.
	"No." Though this answer was softer, it sounded more self-convinced than
the last one. "No, I didn't. Really I didn't."
	"Then what?" Chuck asked.
	"I--I wanted to paint her," Burkheimer said.

                                                          #

	Chuck recalled that Burkheimer was an artist. He had seen some of his
paintings hanging around the house, and his easel and a table covered with
artists' supplies stood in a corner of the basement room. Jane had told him once
that her father had even sold a few of his pictures, although he made his living
doing commercial work.
	He was a little surprised at Burkheimer's statement, but he didn't show
it. "Interesting idea," he said.
	"Far out!" Linda chimed in.
	"It was just a--a momentary craziness," Burkheimer said. "It
just...flashed over me. To get that--that kind of...helpless beauty...in a
picture...It would be..." He stopped, giving a forced laugh. "Well.
That's...what I felt." He shook his head as if to dismiss the subject.
	Chuck shrugged. "Well, why not?" he said. "You can still do it."
	Burkheimer gaped at him. "What?
	"Sure. Nothing to stop you. We'll put her up there again, just like
before. She'll love it. And you can paint her all you want. How about it?"
	The man swallowed hard. "No," he said roughly, after a pause. "I
couldn't."
	"Why not?"
	Burkheimer moistened his lips. He rubbed a hand over his face. He
cleared his throat. "I--she's my daughter," he said weakly. "How could I--" Then
he said: "Anyway, a painting--it takes too long. Too much time. It wouldn't
be--"
	There was a pause. Chuck waited.
	"I could do a drawing," Burkheimer

	                                          #

	Chuck slid down off the pool table. "I'll go get her out here," he said.
"They should be finished by now."
	He went into the bathroom, and a moment later came back, followed by
Jane and Joe. Joe was naked again, but Jane was wearing Chuck's shirt, which
covered her almost to her knees. She did not look at her father.
	"Guess what, Janie," Chuck said. "We're putting you back up there. Your
father wants to draw your picture."
	Startled, Jane looked up at the grinning boy with widened eyes.
	"Yep," Chuck said. "You should be flattered. he thinks you're beautiful
like that. Okay, you don't need that thing now. Take it off."
	Now the girl gave a quick, apprehensive glance at her father, then
looked away. Her face reddened, but she unbuttoned the shirt and took it off.
	Burkheimer's heart pounded as his daughter's body was revealed. It was
lovely, well worth painting simply for its own beauty. He stifled the other
feelings that it aroused in him. He thought of leaving, forgetting the whole
business. But he didn't.
	Chuck had gotten the ropes they had used, and was approaching the girl
with them. "Okay, Janie, just like before. Give me your hands."
	Jane held her hands out in front of her, crossed at the wrists.
	The sight of the naked girl docilely offering herself for the rope was
so erotic to him that Burkheimer felt faint. He had never known this part of
himself before, and he would not have believed it of himself. But his mouth was
dry as he watched Chuck tie Jane's wrists together. He then led her under the
beam, and together the two boys pulled her up and tied the rope, so that she
hung from her wrists just as she had been when he had come down the stairs.
	He gazed at her for long moments without moving. The sight was
incredible. He had to capture it on paper. With eager haste, he rose and went to
the table in the corner. He found a large sketch pad and several drawing
pencils, and, clutching them, came back to the couch, where he had the best view
of her. Linda still sat beside him. The two boys came to stand near the back of
the couch and watch.
	He found a fresh page in the sketch pad and, pencil poised, stared up
almost reverently at his daughter. The strain was already beginning to tell on
her again, and her head had fallen back, her mouth open to pull in air. Trickles
of perspiration slid down her sides.
	"Oh Christ," Burkheimer whispered. "Look at her."
	"Like you said," Chuck answered. "Beautiful."
	He began to draw. He worked feverishly, unaware of anything outside of
what he was doing. More than anything he had ever wanted, he wanted to get down
what he saw. Everything. The agonized tension of the taut, straining body. The
way her breasts were pulled up and flattened by her stretched arms, yet retained
their shapeliness, bulging above the sharply defined ribs and tight belly--with
the hard nipples jutting straight out from their pink centers. The dangling
pillars of her legs, swaying softly in the unsupporting air. The way her hair
hung down from her flung-back head. The open, panting mouth like a symbol of her
vulnerability. The way the reddish marks left by the belt made an erotic pattern
of pain on the sweet creamy skin of her back. The utter, overpowering beauty of
her helplessness, her suffering, her bondage.
	He drew for a long time. At first there was no sound except for the soft
sibilence of the pencil moving over the paper. Then, gradually, Jane's strain
began to become audible. her labored breathing filled the room, and soon she was
panting loudly. After a while she began to moan. The moans increased in volume
and intensity. They filled his head; they inspired him.
	By the time he was finished, Jane was sobbing and gasping and bringing
up deep, inhuman groans from the depths of her body. Her head rolled from side
to side, and the sweat streamed down her skin. The ropes were cutting cruelly
into her wrists and her body seemed stretched to the braking point. Yet she had
never uttered a word of complaint or a desire to be taken down.
	At last Burkheimer could do no more. He dropped the pad on the couch
beside him. "That's all," he croaked. "Get her down now."
	They did so. Jane again lay huddled on the floor, rubbing her
rope-marked wrists. Linda picked up the sketch pad and the boys huddled around
to look at the finished drawing.
	"Hey, that's good," Chuck said appreciatively. "Damn good."
	It WAS good, Burkheimer knew. He had been truly inspired, and had
captured the essence that he wanted through the intensity of detail he had
concentrated on. He would eventually convert the drawing to a full-fledged
painting. He could never sell it, of course, or even show it to anyone. He would
keep it for himself.
	He was excited, and incredibly aroused. His cock had been stiff and
throbbing all the time he was drawing, but now he was more aware of it as it
bulged powerfully against his pants.
	Linda noticed the bulge. Grinning, she reached out and touched it. "That
really turned you on, Alex, huh?" she laughed. "You've got a hard-on there like
a baseball bat." She unzipped his fly deftly and once more pulled out his
straining cock. It jumped in her hands. "Let me take care of it for you," Linda
said.
	"Hold it, Sis," Chuck put in.
	"What's the matter?" she asked, releasing Burkheimer's prick
reluctantly.
	Chuck said, "I think Alex would like it better if Janie took care of
that for him."
	Burkheimer turned to stare at him. "No!"
	"Why not?" Chuck said.
	"No, godammit! Not that! She's my DAUGHTER, for god's sake!"
	"So what?"
	"No," Burkheimer said.
	"I thought you stopped being up tight, Alex. You can't deny you want
her. She'll do it like a flash if I tell her to, and she's probably horny as
hell from hanging up there so long. So who would it hurt?"
	"No," Burkheimer said.
	"You don't have to actually fuck her if you don't want to--if you're not
ready for that yet. Let her get you off with her mouth. She's getting pretty
good at that."
	Burkheimer gulped. "No," he said. "No."
	"I think you'd really dig that, Alex. Let's try it."
	"No..." Burkheimer said weakly.
	"Jane," Chuck called. "Come on over here and suck your father off."
	"No...please..." Burkheimer said.
	"Let's go, Janie. You don't have to get up. Just crawl over here. Come
on."
	Jane managed to get to her knees and crawled slowly and painfully to
where her father was sitting on the couch. She stopped at his feet. Burkheimer
made a half-hearted motion to get up, but Chuck placed a hand on his shoulder,
and he fell back.
	"You don't want to leave, Alex. Jane's going to show you what a great
little cocksucker she is. Just like she did with her brother."
	"Her...Paul?!" Burkheimer started, then sagged, stunned by this latest
of the many shocks he had received today. But his prick was as stiff as before,
and a tiny drop of moisture was seeping from the tip.
	"Show him, Jane," Chuck said.
	The girl raised her head briefly to look at her father. He saw shame in
her eyes. And he saw lust there too. "Daddy..." she breathed in a tiny voice.
	"Do it," Chuck said.
	Jane lowered her head and took her father's cock into her mouth.
	A loud, involuntary groan came from his throat as his daughter's mouth
closed over him, enveloping him in its wet, warm softness. He groaned again as
he felt her sweet agile tongue caress him, stroking slowly over the throbbing
underside of his prick. And then her head began to move.
	Her lips were soft and magical, sliding over his sensitized flesh. Her
mouth was a cavern of untold delights, inhabited by a tongue that stroked and
circled his cock, searching out the most sensitive spots whenver they came
within its reach.
	Her head bobbed steadily, her clasping lips feeding him in and out of
her wonderful mouth with loving strokes that nearly drove him out of his mind.
He could not believe what was happening. His own daughter sucking his cock! He
looked down at her. Yes, it was Jane, his naked daughter, kneeling at his feet
with his rampaging prick in her lovely mouth. He could see the belt marks across
her white back, and his cock jerked between her lips. With a moan, he leaned his
head back and gave himself over to her ministrations.
		Somewhere outside the roaring in his head, he heard Chuck's
voice. "You're a lucky man, Alex. You 	have Jane living with you all the time.
You'll be able to have her do this whenever you want."
	Jesus. Jane's head was moving faster, her mouth taking him in deeper. He
couldn't think straight.
	Chuck went on. "And you can fuck her--you'll want to do that now. I'll
tell her to do anything you want. See, she's my slave--and Joe's. But we'll
share her with you. She'll like that, won't you, Jane?"
	The girl on the floor made a muffled sound around his cock. It was
crazy--but he was crazy too. He twisted in his seat as Jane's mouth sent him
spinning toward climax.
	And Chuck was still going on. "And of course you'll be able to tie her
up anytime you like, and draw her--or whatever. So you see..."
	The voice faded out of his consciousness as the blood pounded in his
ears. But the words remained in his brain. Tie her up...anytime you
like...anytime you like....
	He gasped, arching his lower body from the couch, jamming his cock
deeper into the girl's face. His rolling eyes fell upon the drawing of her,
hanging by her wrists, aching and beautiful. Anytime you like....
		He gave a loud, hoarse cry and exploded again and again into his
daughter's	 sucking mouth.




                                                  NINE

	On the first morning after the Easter vacation, Chuck stood talking with
four or five other boys on the wide stone steps in front of the school building.
He had gotten there early, because he wanted to be there when Jane arrived.
	The previous night, at Joe's house, Chuck had reminded Jane that she was
to wear the clothes Joe had given her to school. He had also given her some
further instructions.
	He and Linda had always taken pains to keep their unusual relationship a
secret--except for a very few carefully chosen friends. They had not wanted to
take any risks that might get them in trouble, especially as they were brother
and sister. But now Chuck was feeling the heady sense of power more and more,
and with Jane he was tempted by the thrill of exhibiting the hold he had over
her, flaunting the fact that she belonged to him body and soul.
	When he had told Jane some of the things he had in mind for her, she had
cried. Her shameful tears had so excited him that he had thrown her down and
fucked her brutally. She had come three times, in violent, heaving, squalling
orgasms. When they had finished, he had told her that if she no longer wanted to
be his unquestioning slave, she was free and he would never touch her again. Of
course he had already known what she would say.
	At last Jane appeared. She was indeed dressed as ordered. The wickedly
tight blue pullover molded her shapely breasts as though it had been glued to
her skin, and the nipples made very noticeable bumps in the clinging fabric. The
little skirt revealed a breathtaking amplitude of bare, sweetly curving thighs.
He could sense her nervousness and discomfort as she began to mount the long
flight of steps.
	He was not the only one who had notice her. The boys in his group had
stopped talking to stare at her, and he could see many other boys--and girls
too--among those hanging around on the stairs or on the street in front of the
building turning to look at her in astonishment, awe or admiration.
	Those who knew her, of course, were amazed to see this serious,
studious, quiet girl suddenly showing up in such a flamboyantly revealing
outfit. But even those who were previously unacquainted with her were taken
aback--and most of them turned on--by the sexiness of her appearance.
	"Holy shit!" one of the boys in Chuck's group exclaimed. "Is that...Jane
Burkheimer?"
	"It sure as hell is," another boy said. "But Christ, I never knew she
was built like that. Look at those legs!"
	"I can't believe it!" the first boy said. "What's gotten into her?"
	"Oh fuck, I know what I'd LIKE to get into her!" a third chimed in. "Oh
mama, I'm dyin'!" He shifted his pants to adjust them to his burgeoning hard-on.
	Jane was climbing the stairs slowly, lookng neither right nor left. She
could not have been unaware of being the focus of attention. As she got closer,
Chuck saw that she was blushing furiously. In spite of her deliberate pace, her
breasts bobbed enticingly as she walked.
	"Jesus, look at that!" the second boy said hoarsely. "She's not even
wearing a bra, for Christ sake!"
	Chuck spoke up quietly. "She's not wearing panties either," he said.
	They stared at him. He grinned. His moment was at hand.
	"How the hell do you know that?" the second boy, whose name was Tim,
asked challengingly.
	"Because I told her not to," Chuck said.
	Tim burst into laughter. One or two others joined him, although there
was something about Chuck's manner that kept the rest of them silent--and
curious.
	"Sure, buddy," Tim said derisively. "You tell all the chicks wht to
wear." He laughed again.
	"Nope. Just her," Chuck said. "She does whatever I tell her to do."
	"Come on, Harrison," the third boy, Frank DiCarlo, demanded. "What the
fuck are you talking about?"
	"I'll show you." Jane was almost level with their group now. He called
to her. "Jane. Hey, Jane, come on over here."
	She came.
	"Hi, Jane," Tim greeted her, looking her boldly up and down. The others
were doing the same, either openly or more discreetly. Jane nodded briefly and
looked at the ground in front of her.
	"The guys were admiring your oufit, Jane," Chuck said. "They all think
you look sexy as hell. Right, fellas?"
	Everybody agreed.
	"Thank you," Jane said, very low, not looking up.
	"Tim here likes the fact that you're not wearing a bra," Chuck went on.
"So I told him you weren't wearing panties either; but he doesn't think I know
what I'm talking about. So you tell us, Janie. Do you have panties on?"
	Jane swallowed. "No," she whispered.
	There was a stir among the group of boys. Jane was no longer blushing;
she was pale.
	"Why not, Janie?" Chuck said.
	"Because--because you told me not to."
	Chuck basked in the gasps and stares of the boys around him. This was a
new dimension to the thrill of domination--to have his power recognized and
acknowledged by his peers.
	"All right, Jane," he said quietly. "Now tell the boys what you are."
	"I--I am your slave," Jane said.
	"Good. Now tell us what else you are."
	The girl took a trembling breath. "I'm a worthless little slut," she
said.
	"Right," Chuck said. "And what else?"
	"I'm a cock-eating whore."
	"Go on."
	"I'm a silly cunt," Jane breathed.
	"And?"
	"And a piece of shit."
	"What do you like to do, Jane?"
	"I like to suck cock," the girl whispered. There were tears in her eyes.
	"Speak up, Janie," Chuck said. "The boys want to hear you."
	She said it louder. "I like to suck cock."
	"Whose cock, Jane?"
	"Yours," Jane said.
	"What about other guys? Like these guys here? Wouldn't you like to suck
their cocks?"
	Jane was silent.
	"Wouldn't you, Jane?" Chuck repeated.
	"I--only if you told me to," Jane said.
	"Good girl," Chuck said., "If I told yo to, you'd do it, right?"
	Jane nodded, not looking up.
	 "If I told you to fuck them, you'd do it, right?"
	"Yes," she said.
	"And if I told you," Chuck went on relentlessly, "to get down on your
knees--right here, right now--and take out old Tim's cock and suck him off until
he shoots down your throat--what would you do, Janie?"
	She looked up at him, one swift, strained glance, and then looked down
again.
	"I'd do it," she said.
	"All right, Jane," Chuck said. "Maybe I'll let you give one of the boys
a treat later on. You can go now."
	Jane hurried off into the school building.
	Chuck turned to the gaping, dumfounded boys to receive his homage.
	
                                                            #

	Joe was late getting to school because he had spent the night with
Linda. His parents were still away, and Linda had told her mother and father
that she was going to stay over with a girl friend; so they had been able to
have a whole night at his place. Linda had spent most of it on her knees, on the
floor by the bed, her body sprawled forward across the mattress, with her arms
stretched in front of her, her thighs lashed to one side of the box spring, her
wrists to the other. Joe had found this an excellent position; he could get at
her ass from one side of the bed, or her mouth from the other side; and her back
and buttocks made extremely tempting targets for whipping with his trusty belt.
He had taken ample advantage of all these opportunities, to Linda's great
satisfaction as well as his own.
	The night's activities had so exhausted Linda that she had been unable
to get up for school that morning. Joe had been greatly worn out himself, but he
had forced himself to get up because of Jane.
	He was beginning to feel a bit left out of the intensifying relationship
between Chuck and Jane. Not that he hadn't had as much sexual activity with her
as Chuck had; but he resented the fact that she seemed more drawn to the older
boy, and also that Chuck tended to act as if she were really his property, to be
shared with Joe only incidentally. After all, the idea had been that she
belonged to both of them. Chuck had been full of plans about what he was going
to do with her at school today. Well, he had a few ideas himself.
	Chuck was a year ahead of Jane in school, and so had no classes with
her; but Joe had several. The first of these was a class in European history,
taught by an elderly man named Johnson. It was the second period of the day, and
Joe rushed from his first class to get there before Jane.
	He saw her in the hall, about to go into the classroom. Even after his
long night with Linda, his dick twitched when he saw her in his sister's
too-small clothes.
	He caught up with her. "Hi, Jane."
	She turned and looked at him. Her face was pale and strained.
	"What's the matter?" he asked.
	"it's--it's these clothes," she said in a low voice. "Everyone is
looking at me."
	"That's the idea," Joe said.
	"I know."
	"Humiliation," he said.
	"I know."
	"You like it."
	"I...I don't..."
	"Touch me," he said.
	"What?"
	"On my cock. Right now."
	She glanced around wildly. The hall was full of students hustling by on
the way to their next class. "People will--"
	"Right now!"
	She put out a shaking hand and held it over his crotch. He watched her
face. Some of the people passing stared at them. Some of them slowed and looked
back as they went by. One or two stopped in their tracks, astonished or amused.
	"Okay," he said.
	She dropped her hand. "God!" she said.
	"We're just starting," he said. "Let's get to class."
	They entered the classroom. Jane started toward the back of the room,
but Joe stopped her. "Sit up front," he said. "Right here." He indicated a seat
in the very front and center of the room, directly facing the tacher's desk.
Jane gave him a worried look, but obeyed. Joe sat in the seat just behind her,
pulling it up close to the back of hers. The seats were the standard classroom
style, with one arm which curved around to provide a small survace for writing.
	When she sat down, Jane's skirt was pulled so high that it barely
covered her crotch, and he was not surprised that she was the object of rapt
stares from each male student as he entered the room. Jane folded her hands in
her lap to give her as much modesty as possible. Until he told her to remove
them. Then she kept them clenched tightly together on the writing surface,
looking straight ahead.
	Mr. Johnson, the teacher, entered as the bell rang. He was at least
seventy years old, a scrawny little man with thin white hair and old-fashioned
rimless glasses. He went to his desk and took his seat, arranging books and
lecture notes in front of him. Then he raised his head to look over his class.
	When his eyes fell upon Jane, he blinked, almost audibly. For just a
moment he stared, frozen. Then he looked away. But his eyes came back to her as
if with a will of their own. Joe could see him swallow hard. He cleared his
throat loudly, then tore his eyes away again and began his lecture.
	He started out in his usual dry, pedantic manner, but every few minutes
his eyes would be drawn back to the girl whose bare shapely legs were exposed to
his gaze, and whose nipples were poking out at him through the figure-molding
sweater. Each time he looked at her, his voice faltered a little, until he got
hold of himself and pushed on.
	Jane was busily taking notes, trying her best to ignore the situation.
Joe watched Johnson closely, and when he sensed that the teacher was about to
allow himself another look, he leaned forward, placing his mouth close to the
girl's ear.
	"Cross your legs," he whispered.
	Jane caught her breath and looked around at him swiftly, her eyes wide.
"I can't!" she whispered pleadingly.
	He poked her sharply with his pencil. "Do it!"
	And as Johnson's eyes turned toward her as though pulled by the force of
gravity, Jane crossed her legs.
	Her skirt was pulled back even further by the movement, and Joe, looking
over her shoulder, saw that her thighs were completely uncovered, and that only
a tiny fraction of an inch more would expose the beginnings of her pubic
triangle. He also knw that Johnson, from his more fortunate viewpoint behind his
desk, could hardly avoid getting a glimpse of pink pussy between the crossed
thighs.
	The teacher's voice went suddenly hoarse; he had to stop to clear his
throat. His face seemed redder than before, and when he resumed his manner was
nervous. His glance turned on the girl with greater frequency; indeed, his eyes
hardly left her for more than a few seconds at a time. And he was not the only
one whose attention was diverted. The students in the surrounding
seats--especially the boys sitting on either side of her--seemed far more
interested in watching Jane than in listening to his lecture.
	After a fw minutes, Joe lenaed forward and whispered in her ear again.
"Now cross them the other way," he told her.
	He saw her hands clench. Then, as carefully as she could, she uncrossed
her legs and recrossed them the other way.
	Johnson's voice ground to a halt. He coughed chokingly, his face getting
still redder. It took him a minute to recover. Then, making a great effort to
keep his eyes on his notes, he attempted to continue. But he sounded wheezy, and
his hands were trembling slightly. Finally he gave up.
	"That's all for today," he rasped. taking off his glasses to wipe them.
"Class dismissed."
	"Stay here," Joe whispered to Jane.
	The students, joyful at being dismissed an unaccustomed twenty minutes
early, piled out of the room--not without a final glance at Jane on the part of
most of the boys.
	Only Joe and Jane were left in the room with the teacher. Johnson
glanced at them sharply--his glance lingering on the girl.
	"What is going on here?" he said to Jane.
	Jane said nothing. She hadn't moved.
	"Mr. Johnson," Joe said, "I noticed how you were looking at my girl."
	Johnson peered at him. "Your girl?" he repeated. "Indeed. She's been
giving quite a blatant display. I'm really surprised at you, Miss Burkheimer."
	"Come on, Mr. Johnson," Joe said. "you've been enjoying the hell out of
it. She's a damn sexy girl, isn't she?"
	"What's this all about, Felston? I don't have time--"
	Joe looked at his watch. "You have fifteen minutes before the next
class," he said. "If you want, I'll leave you alone with Jane for that time.
She'll do whatever you want."
	Johnson gazed at him. "I see," he said finally. "And why would you do
that, Felston?"
	He was actually a pretty shrewd old goat, Joe thought. "Well, I'm not
doing too good in this class," he said straightforwardly. "You might want to
give me a passing grade..."
	Johnson nodded. He smiled a rather sad smile.
	"You," he said after a pause, "are a clever but unprincipled young man.
And I am an admittedly susceptible but, I'm afraid, completely impotent old one.
So you see, Mr. Felston, your plan is wasted on me. I have long since lost the
power to do anything about my senile desires. You may leave now, both of you.
And, Miss Burkheimer, you will not come to my class dressed like that again."
	"Wait a minute," Joe said hastily. "Listen, Mr. Johnson, you still--I
mean you still like to look, right? I could see that. Wouldn't you at least like
to see the rest of her? All of her? Right now?"
	Jane looked down at her hands.
	Johnson turned to look at the girl again. There was a pause.
	"You tempt me," he said in a soft voice.
	"I'll make sure nobody comes in," Joe said. He went to stand with his
back against the door. Then he said, "All right, Jane. Show him the rest."
	Jane uncrossed her legs. Without getting up, she crossed her hands in
front of her and pulled the sweater up and over her head. She laid it on the arm
of the chair.
	Johnson licked his parched lips, his eyes on her outthrust, quivering
breasts.
	Then she stood up, unfastened the skirt and let it fall around her feet.
She stood there, not looking at either of them. Johnson's shaky breathing was
loud in the quiet room.
	"Lovely," he muttered. "Lovely."
	"Walk around a little, Jane," Joe said from the door. "Let him see all
of you."
	Naked except for her shoes, Jane began to walk up and down the width of
the room in front of the teacher's desk, keeping her eyes straight ahead of her.
Johnson watched her avidly, the jouncing of her breasts, the slight, involuntary
sway of her hips, the movement of her buttocks, the delicate play of muscle
beneath the smooth flesh of her thighs and calves. Joe was not unaffected by the
sight himself.
	After what seemed like a long time, Johnson spoke. "All right. That's
enough." As Jane swiftly pulled on her clothes, he leaned back weakly in his
chair. "That was very nice," he muttered in a cracked voice. "Very nice indeed.
I only wish I could--ah, well. Thank you, Miss Burkheimer. Felston, you will
pass the course. Now please go away."
	When they were out in the hall, Jane slumped against the wall and put
her hands over her face. "Oh god," she whispered brokenly. "Oh god."
	"Stop it," Joe said. "You loved it."
	"I was so ashamed! It was awful!"
	"Sure. But your nipples are hard. And if I put my hand on your cunt
right now, I'd find it sopping wet. Wouldn't I?"
	"Yes," Jane said.

                                                          #

	Chuck had ordered Jane to cut her last class of the day, and to meet him
at her locker after the class period had started. He was waiting for her, along
with Tim.
	He saw her turn the corner into the short extension of the corridor
where her locker was located. When she saw the two boys, her step faltered. She
approached them slowly.
	Chuck smiled at her. "Hi, Janie," he said. "Glad you could make it.
Remember I told you I might let you give one of the guys a treat today?"
	Jane nodded mechanically.
	"Well, Tim here is the lucky fellow. You're going to suck his cock for
him, just like we talked about this morning."
	She bit her lip. Tim was grinning lewdly.
	"And you're going to do it well," Chuck said. "Aren't you, slave?"
	"Yes," she whispered.
	"All right. Go ahead."
	She looked at him, startled. "I--right here?"
	"Right here. Everybody's in class now."
	"But--but someone might--I mean anybody could be--"
	"That's what makes it interesting,"Chuck said. "Now do you have any more
stupid question, you impertinent little cunt?"
	She gulped. "No, Chuck."
	"Then stop stalling."
	The girl went to her knees in front of Tim. He unzipped himself and
pulled out his already stiff cock. It was thick and veiny, and not particularly
clean. Jane took a breath, and then she leaned forward and opened her mouth to
take it in.
	Tim groaned and leaned back against the wall of lockers as the kneeling
girl began to work her mouth over his tool. Chuck watched avidly, at the same
time keeping his senses alert for the sound of anyone who might chance along the
empty corridor. Discovery could be disastrous; but he had not been able to pass
up the chance to have Jane perform in such precarious conditions.
	She was doing her work well. "Good, isn't she?" Chuck said as Tim's
breathing got louder. "Trained her myself."
	"Oh, Jesus!" the other boy gasped. "And this bitch was always so fuckin'
high and mighty! Walkin' around here like she was better than anybody! With her
smart-ass brains and her books and her fuckin' glasses. Cool as a goddamn
cucumber. And--And--"
	"And now look at her," Chuck said. "Degrading herself on her knees like
the cocksucking little whore she is."
	He saw a shudder go through the kneeling girl.
	"I want to fuck her," Tim said suddenly.
	Chuck shrugged. "Why not?"
	Tim pulled his prick from the girl's mouth, then reached down and hauled
her to her feet. He turned her toward the lockers, standing behind her. "Bend
over," he said roughly.
	Jane looked at Chuck.
	"Do what he says," Chuck told her.
	She bent over.
	"Brace yourself against the wall," Tim ordered, pushing her feet apart.
	She stood bent forward sharply from the waist, her arms stretched in
front of her, leaning on her hands braced against the row of lockers, her legs
spread. Tim grabbed the bottom of her skirt and pushed it up, tucking it into
the waistband and leaving her crotch and buttocks exposed. He stepped against
her and bent his knees, his hand going down to guide his cock to the opening of
her cunt. Then he thrust up into her.
	Jane cried out at the sudden penetration, and her head came up sharply,
her face an intense mixture of pain, humiliation and arousal. Tim gave an
animal-like grunt of satisfaction and reached around her leaning body to grab
her breasts with both hands. Holding on to them tightly, he began to pump
himself rapidly in and out of her.
	The gir's body juddered with each thrust, and small whimpering noises
came from her mouth. Chuck's eyes glittered as he watched. He was turned on by
the scene, by the fact that Jane's need for domination was even stronger than
her fear of discovery, by Tim's casual debasement of her and her response to it.
	He stepped close to the jerking, panting girl and clutched a handful  of
her hair in one hand, turning her face toward him. She cried out softly. Tim was
moving faster, battering against her bent-over body.
	Chuck looked down into her glazed eyes. "You sweet, cock-loving little
bitch," he crooned. "Look at you. Your father should draw a picture of this,
too. I'd like to hang it up in the hall here and let everybody see what a
groveling little slave you are."
	"Chuck," Jane moaned. "Oh Chuck..."
	Chuck spat in her face.
	Jane gasped. A blissful expression suffused her distorted features.
"Yes, Chuck!" she cried. "I love you, Chuck....I love you...."
	As before, Chuck was disconcerted by this statement. It roused feelings
in him he could not cope with. He tightened his grip on her hair, pulling her
head back painfully and bringing a little shriek from her mouth.
	"You silly slut," he said roughly. "It's not me you love. It's this!" He
twisted her hair. "Being fucked! Being hurt! Being treated like shit!"
	"You, Chuck...you...I love you...." The words were torn from her lips as
her body was jarred repeatedly by Tim's pile-driver lunges. Her arms trembled
with the effort to keep herself from being driven into the wall.
	"Shit!" Chuck replied. He addressed himself to the other boy. "Fuck the
hell out of her, Tim. Drive it up through her belly. Pull her tits off--the
crazy bitch eats it up!"
	"The chick's got a terrific twat," Tim panted. "I could fuck her all
day. Great mouth, great cunt--what's her asshole like?"
	Chuck felt an uncharacteristic hesitation in himself. It made him angry.
He gave another cruel twist to the girl's hair. "How about it, Janie? Shall I
give Tim a crack at your ass?"
	Her rolling eyes focused on him fearfully. "I--I--I never--" she
stammered breathlessly.
	"I know," Chuck said. "I've been saving it. But what the hell. Tell him
you'd like it."
	"You do it, Chuck...." she moaned. "Please...you..."
	"It's Tim's show right now, baby," Chuck said remorselessly. "But you'll
dig it. It'll hurt like hell. It'll drive you right up the wall."
	Jane made a whining noise. "Ohh god..."
	"Thought that would get you. Tell him to do it."
	Tim had stopped fucking and was standing with his cock buried in her
cunt and his hands still mauling her breasts, waiting.
	"If--if you want me to, Chuck..." she breathed.
	"Tell him!"
	"Do it," Jane whimpered. "Do it. Fuck my ass...."
	"Sure thing, baby," Tim said happily. He withdrew his thick, ropy prick
from her cunt and carefully placed it against the tiny opening of her anus. He
was lubricated with the juices from her cunt, but the small aperture was too
tight to admit him. Cursing, he removed his hands from her breasts and placed
them on her buttocks, pulling in opposite directions to spread them as far apart
as possible. This stretched the hole wide enough for him to work the tip of his
cock into it; and from there on it was a matter of brute force. Grabbing her
breasts again, he pushed against her with all his strength, and Jane whimpered
loudly as the tip of his pole dug more deeply into her. He grunted, pushing
relentlessly. The girl began to emit little panting cries, her body squirming as
it tried instinctively to draw away from him; but she still kept her weary arms
braced against the wall.
	Chuck still had his grip on her hair, holding her head back. Her wide,
staring eyes were glued to his face as Tim worked his slow, painful way into her
bakcside. Then, suddenly, her sphincter muscles gave way; and as Tim, with a
hoarse sound of triumph, thrust inexorably the rest of the way into her asshole,
huck swiftly placed his free hand over her mouth to stifle the scream of pain,
violation and unimagined joy that was forced out of her.
	He kept his hand there as Tim proceeded to fuck her anus, for Jane was
lost to all thought of prudence in the throes of ecstatic agony. Her bent body
now rocked forward and back, riding with the rhythm of the marauding prick,
thrusting back to meet and welcome its every stroke. And when she climaxed,
seconds before Tim did, he was afraid that, despite his muffling hand, her
ragged, inhuman scream of completion would be heard through half the school.
	But still no one came to disturb them, and the now-depleted couple broke
apart, Tim disengaging himself and staggering back, and Jane slumping weakly
against the wall of lockers. Chuck released her hair, and the girl slid in an
exhausted heap to the floor, gasping for breath.
	"Okay, as long as you're down there," Chuck said roughly, "you might as
well clean Tim's cock off for him. With your mouth, of course. Considering where
it's been, he might appreciate it."
	The panting girl did not protest. As a grinning Tim stepped up to her
she reached weakly for his limp, soiled penis and fed it into her open mouth.
She sucked and licked at it until it was clean, her laboring breath whistling in
her nostrils. When she was finished, Tim stepped back and sighed contentedly,
zipping himself up.
	"Thanks, kid," he said. "And thank YOU, buddy."
	"Any time," Chuck said.
	"See you around." And Tim turned and walked off, whistling.
	Jane collapsed against Chuck, wrapping her arms around his legs, her
body sprawled carelessly on the floor.
	"I do love you, Chuck," she moaned. "I do. I do."
	He looked down at the panting, trembling, submissive girl groveling at
his feet, abused and degraded and completely fulfilled. His slave.
	"I love you too," he said.

                                                              #

	They walked out of the school together. "Chuck, what if he tells?" Jane
said. "Tim? What if he starts spreading stories..."
	"He won't," Chuck said. "Don't worry."
	"But what about those other boys this morning? They might--"
	"They won't," he said. "They don't want to louse up their turn at you."
	She looked at him, then away. "You mean..." she said in a small voice.
Then: "All of them?"
	"Sure. To start with."
	"Oh," she said.
	"Any objections...slave?"
	"No, Chuck," she said. No--Master."
	"Good," he said. "I'll drive you home now."
	School was letting out for the day as they left the building. They
headed for the parking lot and Chuck's car. As they were about to drive off, a
boy came running up to the car, calling to Chuck. It was Frank DiCarlo, one of
the boys who had been in the group on the steps that morning.
	He peered in the car window, his eyes greedily devouring Jane's clearly
outlined breasts.
	"Hey, Chuck," he said eagerly. "My turn tomorrow, okay? How about it?"
	"I don't know, Frankie," Chuck said. "We'll see." He started the motor.
	"Ahh, come on, buddy. I'm your man, right? Tomorrow? Or..." He leered.
"How about right now?"
	"Hey, keep your pants on, Frank, okay? I have to take off now." Chuck
grinned at his friend, and at the girl beside him. "And anyway, Jane's busy.
She's going to be sucking my cock all the way home."
	He drove off.




                                                    TEN

	Linda had slept soundly for a long time after Joe left her that morning.
She woke up around eleven, feeling somewhat refreshed but still stiff and sore
from the night of bondage and beating. She felt glowingly fulfilled nonetheless,
and each ache carried its memory of pleasure.
	For a few minutes she lay in bed, too lazily relaxed to want to get up
and dress. But she was hungry too, and finally she decided to go downstairs and
find something to eat. It was nice to have the house all to herself, especially
someone else's house; and there was the delicious guilt of not being where she
was supposed to be, in school. She smiled to herself as she got out of bed,
moving a bit stiffly. She still did not feel like putting her clothes on, so she
found an old terry-cloth robe of Joe's and slipped into it. Then she went
downstairs.
	When she had nearly reached the bottom of the staircase she looked
across the hall through the door to the living room, and stopped short with a
startled gasp.
	There was a woman sitting in the living room.
	She was a slim, petite but shapely woman in her early twenties. She had
a round, rather pretty face, framed by her short brown hair. She wore a neat
rust-colored dress. She was sitting in an easy chair, smiling calmly at the girl
on the stairs.
	"Come on in, honey," the woman said cheerfully. "I've been waiting for
you to get up."
	Nervously, not knowing who the woman was or what she was doing there,
Linda descended the rest of the staircase and entered the living room.
	The woman watched her closely. "Well, now, you are a good-looking young
thing, aren't you?" she observed.
	"Who--who are you?" Linda stammered.
	"Oh, I'm Audrey. Little Joey's big sister, you know? Ah, but Joey's not
so little any more, obviously."
	"But...I thought..."
	"I know, you thought I was far away in the big city. Well, I do come
home from time to time--I just don't always announce it. So I got into town last
night and hied myself to the ol' homestead for a bit of rest--and my goodness,
the things that were going on!"
	Linda felt herself flushing. "You mean...you..."
	"Oh yes, honey. I heard. Hell, I listened. I mean, I couldn't possibly
sleep with all that racket going on. Anyway, it was damn interesting. I had no
idea my little brother was into that kind of stuff." She shook her head.
"Whooeee!"
	Linda felt weak. She did not know what to say. She gulped. "I--we
just--I mean--"
	"Oh, listen, don't sweat it, hon," Audrey said. "Everybody to his own
thing, I say, what the hell. But godDAMN! And you're such a pretty kid, too. You
really dig the s&m bit, huh?"
	Linda was silent. She felt self-conscious and awkward standing there in
Joe's robe, and embarrassed by the fact that Joe's sister had been a secret
audience for what had gone on during the long night. Had she peeked through the
keyhole or something, and seen as well as heard? Ordinarily the idea might have
excited her, but right then she wanted only to get out of there. She decided she
would just go upstairs, get her clothes on and leave. But before she could move,
the woman spoke again.
	"Well, sure you do," she said, answering her own question. "That was
obvious. God, I never heard such yelling. What the hell was he hitting you with,
anyway?"
	So she hadn't seen. Linda hesitated, then took a deep breath to get a
grip on herself. She looked the woman in the eye. "His belt," she said.
	"His belt, huh? I thought it must be a cat-o'nine-tails or something.
Still, I guess a belt must hurt quite enough. Must leave real marks, too. Does
it?"
	"Yes," Linda said.
	"Let's see them," Audrey said.
	Oh-oh, Linda thought. What had she gotten into? She didn't feel like
finding out just then. "Excuse me," she said politely. "I'm going to get dressed
now."
	"But I want to see your marks," Audrey said.
	"Look, I have to leave, okay? Nice meeting you and all  that--"
	"Honey," the woman said. "What's your name?"
	"Linda."
	"Linda, would you like me to let your dear ol' mommy and daddy know what
I heard last night? Not to mention Joey's mommy and daddy, who of course happen
to be mine also. Would you?"
	"No," Linda said.
	"Then be a good little girl and let me see your marks."
	Linda stood still for a moment. Then, with a sigh of resignation, she
turned around so that her back was toward Audrey. She undid the sash of the robe
and slipped it off her shoulders, lowering it to her waist and holding it there.
	Audrey gave a long, low whistle. "Jesus!" she muttered. "You do love to
take punishment. Too bad I'm not into that stuff. But I'm strictly
straight--well, more or less. Are there more? Lower down?"
	"Yes," Linda said.
	"Show me."
	Linda dropped the robe.
	"Shit, that's even worse!" Audrey said. "My little brother ought to get
a dose of that himself sometime. See how it feels. But you sure have a pretty
ass, honey. Turn around now and let me see what else you've got."
	Linda turned.
	"Oh, yeah." Audrey's eyes glittered. "You are some little girl, all
right. You know, I'm not really a Les--I get off on men better than anything.
But I know when I see something I like. Come on over here, hon."
	Slowly Linda crossed the room. She was not really in the mood for this,
but if a little sexual activity would keep Audrey from making trouble for her
and Joe...
	As the blonde girl walked toward her, Audrey hitched herself up slightly
in the chair and pulled the skirt of her dress up over her rump. Her legs, like
the rest of her, were slim but nicely curved. She hooked her thumbs into her
panties and pushed them down and off. Then she scrunched down in the chair,
thrusting her crotch forward, and pulled her legs up so that her heels rested on
the seat of the chair, her knees spread wide.
	"Do me a little favor, honey," she said to the naked girl who now stood
before her. "I'm sure you know how to do it."
	Linda knelt in front of the chair. Her head moved between the outspread
thighs. Her tongue came out and went directly to Audrey's clitoris.
	The woman in the chair gasped. Linda's tongue moved skillfully.
	"Oh, yes, you do," Audrey moaned. "You do know how...Ohh, that's
fine...just marvellous...keep it up, dear...."
	Linda kept it up. Before long, Audrey was squirming in the chair and
panting like a racehorse. her hands came down to clutch at the girl's hair,
holding her head in place. Linda's tongue found every niche and crevice of her
cunt, delved deep into its recesses, explored its top, bottom, and sides, and
always came back to the little quivering button which was the source of so much
erotic delight.
	Audrey's hips arched from the chair, mashing her cunt in the girl's
face. Her body twisted uncontrollably. She screamed and came.
	Her body flopped back in the chair. She gasped for breath. She released
Linda's hair, but when the girl started to get up, she stopped her.
	"Not yet, honey. That was so great. Do me some more."
	"Wouldn't you like to do me?" Linda said boldly.
	Audrey shook her head. "No way, honey. I told you, I'm not really that
way. I just like to take it sometimes. Hey, but don't worry--I think I can fix
something up for you."
	What did she mean by that, Linda wondered. But Audrey was pushing her
head back between her thighs. Obediently, her tongue went to work again.
	"Terrific," Audrey breathed. "You're the best, baby. Don't stop now,
okay? I just have to make a phone call."
	She heard the woman pick up the telephone that stood on a little stand
beside the chair, and punch in a number. She went on with what she was doing.
	"Hello," Audrey said. "Hello, Darryl? Hi, sweetie. It's me.... Oh,
pretty good, and you?... Yeah, got in last night. Hey, listen, baby, you're not
gonna believe this. Guess what I'm doing right now...." She laughed. "Well,
that's close. I'm getting my cunt sucked....Yeah, no shit....But by a girl--and,
listen, a doll you would die over....Yes....She's just your type, too. About
seventeen....Long blonde hair, blue eyes....No, I'm serious....And a figure
that's just fabulous!...Never mind, it's a long story....Sure, that's why I
called you. It's a birthday present....So what? Celebrate it now....Yeah, come
on over, you know where it is. See you later."
	She hung up abruptly, because Linda had pulled away from her, beginning
to protest. "Hey, wait a minute--"
	"Take it easy, honey, it's okay," Audrey said. "This guy's a great
friend of mine, you'll dig him. He's really cool. We'll have a ball, the three
of us. Doesn't that sound good?"
	"But I don't--"
	"Sure you do. I know you're a little sexpot. I heard you last night,
remember? And you want me to keep it mum, remember?"
	"It's blackmail," Linda muttered, but she had to admit to herself that
the situation was beginning to get to her. Sucking Audrey's cunt had aroused
her, and she no longer felt as indifferent to the idea of fun and games as she
had earlier.
	Twenty minutes later Audrey had come twice more, and Linda was still
sucking, when the doorbell rang.
	"That's Darryl," Audrey panted. "Go let him in, honey. No, don't bother
with that," she said as the girl reached for the discarded robe. "Go as you are.
It'll be a nice surprise for him."
	Linda felt a sneaky, squirmy snake of excitement crawling inside her at
this humiliating demand. As she walked naked to the door her heart was beating
rapidly, with anticipation as much as embarrassment.
	She opened the door.
	The man who entered was about thirty, of medium height, with fashionably
styled brown hair, and very handsome. He stopped short just inside the door, his
dark eyes shining as he gazed at the naked girl who had just let him in.
	"Well, well, WELL," he said softly. "What have we here? You ARE a
beauty. And so young!" He raised his voice. "Audrey? Where the hell are you?"
	"In here, babe. Bring him in, Linda."
	Linda preceded him into the living room. She knew he must be noticing
the belt marks on her back and buttocks, but he said nothing.
	"Audrey!" The woman rose to meet him and they embraced, then kissed
passionately. Audrey held him tightly, arching her body against him and
squirming in his arms.
	"Hey!" he said finally, pulling himself away. "Take it easy, woman. How
am I supposed to concentrate on this gorgeous little girl if you get me all
riled up for your sweet little body?"
	"You're going to have to concentrate on both of us, lover. I'm giving
you this little crumpet for a side dish, but I want my share too. And I know you
can do it." She turned to Linda. "This man has not only got the biggest cock in
the state, he's also got the most fantastic control of anybody I ever saw. He
can just go on forever, if he wants to. So here we are, baby. Do your thing."
	"I can but try," Darryl said. "But I haven't heard a word from Blondie
over there. With the lovely face and the gorgeous tits and the pretty red
stripes all over the back of her. What's the story here, anyway?"
	"Tell him, Linda," Audrey said.
	So she told him.
	"Well, I'll be damned," he said softly when she finished. "A real,
full-fledged masochist. How lovely."
	"I thought you'd like it," Audrey said.
	"I love it. I just love it. And there she is, all naked and trembling,
ready to sacrifice her body to me if you don't give away her secret."
	"Bullshit," Audrey said. "She's practically coming already just from the
idea of being forced into this. She's probably more excited than you are."
	Darryl smiled. "Good," he said. And he began to take off his clothes.
	When she saw his erect cock, Linda gasped out loud. It was by far the
largest she had ever seen, even larger than Chuck's huge member. It appeared to
be as thick as her fist, and its length seemed to go on forever as it jutted
massively into the air. She felt weak in the knees, and the snake in her belly
squirmed again. She wanted to fall down and worship it, wanted to crawl to it
and pay it homage. She wanted it deep inside her, all the way, filling her,
stretching her, tearing her apart....
	"I told you, honey," she heard Audrey say.
	Darryl turned to the brown-haired woman. "You're overdressed, lady."
	Audrey skinned quickly out of her dress. Her body was compact and curvy,
with a springy suppleness that gave her figure a sensuousness that was not
apparent when she was dressed. Her braless breasts were small, but perfectly
rounded and extremely firm, like two overgrown apples.
	"Sexy as ever,"Darryl said.
	"Yeah, but your dick is really yearning for the young stuff. So go
ahead, baby--I'll just watch for awhile."
	"How is she at cunt-licking?"
	"The greatest! I came three times."
	"Then presumably she should be at least as adept with the opposite sex."
	"If she can get her mouth around that telephone pole of yours!"
	Darryl pointed his incredible phallus at Linda. "You like this, Linda?"
	The girl gulped. Her heard was pounding. She nodded weakly.
	"Then bring your sweet little mouth over here and see if you can eat
it," Darryl said.
	Linda began to walk toward him, but the weakness in her knees had spread
to her whole body, and her legs were shaking. She did what she had wanted to do
anyway--she fell to her knees and crawled.
	"Lovely," the man murmured.
	She crawled on all fours across the room, keeping her eyes on his
fantastic prick, breathing harder as she came close to it. She had to have
it--down her throat, up her cunt, in her ass; she didn't know if she could take
it in any of those places, but she had to try if it killed her.
	When she reached him she flung her arms around his legs, moaning as she
nuzzled the gigantic thing against her face. She kissed it, slid her mouth along
its length, licked it with her tongue. She kissed and licked his balls. She
wanted it inside her, but she couldn't, it was too big....
	"Swallow it," Darryl said.
	"I--I can't...It's--"
	He suddenly pulled away from her. She sprawled on the floor. He crouched
down beside her.
	"Linda," he said intently. "Listen to me. You like to be hurt, don't
you?"
	She nodded helplessly.
	"If I hurt you, will it make it easier for you to suck my cock?"
	"Yes," she breathed. "Yes."
	"I want to hurt you, Linda. You have beautiful breasts. I'd like to hurt
them. I'd like to mark them the way your back is marked. Would you like that?"
	She closed her eyes. Her head was swimming with unbearable excitement.
"Ohh yesss..." she moaned breathlessly.
	Darryl turned to Audrey. "Find me something to use. A belt is too
inaccurate. Something solid, but not bulky. Not too long. A ruler. Yes. Your
brother should have one someplace."
	Audrey went. Darryl ran his hands down Linda's back, feeling the welts
Joe had made. The pain made her gasp. She wanted more.
	Audrey returned, holding a ruler, a thin, narrow piece of wood a foot
long. Darryl took it. He swished it through the air experimentally. It made a
wicked whistling sound. "Good," he said. Then: "Lie down on your back, Linda."
	She did so, feeling the rough carpet against the welts. She squirmed her
back to make it hurt more.
	"Put your arms over your head," Darryl said.
	She raised her arms, stretching them flat on the floor above her head.
It pulled her breasts higher, flattening them just a little and presenting their
entire surfaces to his mercy.
	"Are you ready, Linda?"
	She nodded, panting, her eyes closed.
	She heard the whistling sound, and then a sharp crack as the ruler came
down on her left breast, just below the nipple. And then she was flooded with
the most exquisite pain she had ever felt. It was sheer agony and total bliss.
She heard the sound of a scream dying away, and realized it had come from her
mouth.
	"More...." she moaned, fearful that he would stop.
	He brought the ruler down on the same place on her right breast.
	This time she heard herself scream, was aware of screaming, and of her
body twisting with the beautiful pain. She wanted this forever. Even Chuck had
never done this for her.
	"She's too loud," she heard Darryl say. "We'll have to stop. Someone
might--"
	"No!" she gasped. "Gag me. Please!"
	"You're wonderful, Linda," Darryl said. "Audrey, get me something."
	Audrey found a small towel. Darryl stuffed it into her mouth. Her moans
were muffled. She strained to get enough breath through her nostrils.
	The ruler came down on the left breast. This time above the nipple. Her
scream was like a stifled siren through the towel.
	Crack! The right breast.
	As her body heaved and rolled, irresistible instinct made her bring her
hands down to clutch at the tormented globes. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
Her throat was raw with screaming.
	"Do you want me to stop, Linda?"
	Struggling for breath, she forced her eyes open, to look at him. She
shook her head.
	"Take your hands away," he said.
	She put her arms back over her head.
	The trembling, exposed breasts waited. Like iron spikes about to be
hammered down, the hard nipples thrust up from their centers.
	The ruler found one.
	And then the other.
	Linda came.
	As she went into orgasm, Darryl pulled the towel from her mouth for fear
that she might choke herself. But before she had fully come out of it, he had
decided she was ready for choking with something else. He lay down on his back
and pulled the spasming, sobbing girl over him, pushing her head down to his
crotch.
	"Now," he gritted. "Now, Linda. Now take it!"
	Linda was more frantic than ever for the feel of his incredible cock
inside her. Willingly, eagerly, she opened her mouth to get it there. But the
size of it! She stretched her mouth as wide as she could, straining her jaws to
get just the head of it inside. Still gasping and crying, her breasts aching
gloriously, she wriggled her head, trying to work her mouth down over the ridge
of flesh that obstructed it. Finally she managed, and then by very slow degrees
was able to get another couple of inches into her struggling mouth.
	But he wanted her to swallow it! And she wanted to! She had always been
such a good cocksucker, able to take even Chuck's outsized tool down her throat.
But this was impossible!
	She tried. She pushed downward, opening her throat as much as she could
as the stiff head probed at the back of her widestretched mouth. Her lips
strained even wider to accomodate the thickening shaft. She started to choke.
She pushed on.
	Panting through her nostrils, moaning and whimpering and shanking, she
ignored the gagging battle her throat was putting up and forced her mouth
further down. The thing battered at her resisting esophagus. And then she
swallowed it. Her throat was still fighting it; it seemed to be splitting her
open as it went in; but it was going in! She had done it.
	But there was more to come. A lot more. And she wanted it all. Adjusting
herself to better align creaking jaws and aching throat, she forced herself
down, down over the mammoth pole as the flesh scraped against her teeth and she
felt herself stretched impossibly inside, from pharynx to thorax. She would
never be able to eat or speak or breathe properly again.
	And then she was there. She had taken it all. She felt his pubic hair
against her face, and dimly she heard him groaning, heard Audrey mouthing
exclamations of amazement.
	She had him. Now she began to suck him.
	It was difficult at first, carefully moving her head back, and then
jamming that thing into her throat again. But it got easier, and she was happy.
Happier because it hurt so much.
	It seemed like hours that she sucked him. She recalled what Audrey had
said about his control. She was right. Linda worked harder. She wanted him to
come down her ruined throat in torrents, fill her belly with his semen. But he
didn't come.
	She nearly cried when he pulled her away from him. But she only had time
to gulp a few desperate breaths of air down her suddenly emptied throat before
he had pushed her onto her back and was on top of her, spreading her legs with
his.
	"Oh yes!" she cried wildly, thrusting her tender back against the
carpet.
	"Fuck me! Yes! Fuck me!!"
	She felt the huge battering ram at the entrance to her vagina. She
spread her thighs as wide as she could, hoping she could take him with less
trouble this way than in her mouth. But she wasn't any too sure.
	But he was. He pushed in steadily and hard while she yelled with the
splitting joy of it, pulling back a little when he reached an impasse, then
pressing inexorably on. He was obviously very practiced at working his
frightening prod into the tightness of cunts. She had never been stretched so
far or filled so deeply. And when she thought he must be completely inside her,
there was more. Always more.
	Her head rolled. Her legs flailed the air on either side of his
advancing hips. Wild cries came from her distorted mouth. She was on the verge
of climax again before he had really started. Finally he was there, piercing her
and displacing her insides up to her navel. She clutched at him, wrapping her
legs around his waist, pulling him down against her bruised breasts, howling
like a dying animal as she came.
	And then he began to fuck her.
	She couldn't believe it. He was a machine. He went on and on, and there
was no stopping him. No matter how she tried, or what she did, she couldn't make
him come. She came. Over and over again. Until she was a mindless, jerking,
gibbering, yelling, sweating mass of sensation, in virtually continuous orgasm.
Until finally she gasped out words she had never thought to hear herself say.
	"No more...please...I can't...."
	Then he stopped.
	But he still hadn't come.
	He pulled away from her, leaving her twitching and exhausted on the
floor, floating through previously unsuspected realms of ecstasy. Through a haze
she saw him turn his undiminished, glistening pole toward the wide-eyed Audrey,
who with an abandoned cry of need fell to the carpet before him.
	She would never know how so petite a woman could possibly manage to
accomodate that elephant-like cock. But the man was inside her in seconds, and
pumping away as if he were just starting out. Audrey thrust back at him, her
supple, steel-spring body twisting and bucking, a small whirlwind of activity
beneath his powerful form. Linda watched as he gradually reduced the thrashing,
clawing, squalling woman to the same state to which he had brought her.
	But Audrey did not plead for respite. Even after she had climaxed with
awesome violence so many times that she was nearly beyond feeling, beyond
response, unable to make her body function any longer, she lay splayed on the
carpet, unmoving, moaning softly, while he continued to fuck her with slow,
relentless strokes.
	Worn out and depleted as she was, Linda's aching loins tingled at the
spectacle of this man's tireless strength. She had to be close to him, just to
touch him, to make contact with his power. Stiffly she dragged herself toward
the unseeing couple, reveling in the pain and soreness throughout her body.
	When she reached him, she ran her hands eagerly over his rhythmically
moving form, caressing the wonderful hardness, feeling the smoothly flexing
muscles beneath the flesh. She kissed his body--his shoulders, his back, his
legs. Lovingly she ran her mouth and tongue over his pumping buttocks. And then
she spread his ass cheeks and laid her face between them, inhaling the funky
aromas, uncaring that his rising and falling rear was buffeting her steadily in
the face. She found the ring of his anus with her tongue and licked it, then
made her tongue stiff and pushed it as hard as she could into the tiny opening.
	Darryl gave a hoarse roar of delight, and she believed that at last he
was about to come inside the panting receptacle of Audrey's body. But instead he
pulled out of her, rolling over onto his back, with his thrusting weapon
quivering in the air, looking larger than ever, the veins standing out against
the taut skin of it as though they were about to burst through.
	Linda fell upon it, kissing and licking it, stroking it passionately,
willing it to release its power. With a whimper of anticipation, Audrey
scrambled to join her. There was enough for both of them. Two mouths sucked and
nibbled at the straining pole, two pairs of hands caressed him, two bodies
pressed themselves against his hardness as they worked frantically to achieve
the final benison of his long-whithheld climax.
	And finally they succeeded. His hips arched from the floor, his colossal
cock trembled like a windswept tree, and he gave a savage shout as the thick
semen exploded from him in great powerful spurts, shooting high into the air,
and then falling in a thick, sticky shower over their eagerly upturned faces.




                                                         ELEVEN

	Alex Burkheimer sat in his bedroom, preparing his canvas for the
painting he planned to execute from the drawing that was now in front of
him--the drawing he had made of his daughter, naked and strung up to the ceiling
in his basement.
	He had moved his easel and painting equipment up to his room because he
didn't want Jane to come upon him while he was doing this. He and Jane had not
referred to that bizarre afternoon in the basement room since it had occurred,
almost a week ago. They had, in fact, pretty much avoided each other since then,
which was not hard to do in the nearly empty house. Jane had always been an
independent child, and they often took their meals separately. When they had
come together in the past week, they had been polite but distant, almost like
strangers. But there was a palpable tension in the air, a pervasive sense
of...waiting...
	He shook his head. He would have to do something to resolve the
situation--have a talk with her, discuss openly what had happened. It had been a
terrible mistake, a sudden, unbelievable nightmare which had caught them up
unawares. They must try to forget it. It would never happen again. What she did
with her friends...well, there was nothing he could do about that, he supposed.
She was nearly a grown woman. It was her choice. But he wanted nothing more to
do with it. Nothing.
	Meanwhile, there was the picture....
	He stared at the drawing in front of him. He had looked at it many times
during the last few days, but actually he had no need to. It was there in his
mind all the time, complete in every detail, every line and curve.
	And so was the model.
	No matter how many times he had perused the drawing, each time he looked
at it anew his mouth felt dry and his heart began to beat faster. He had done
his work too well; had captured the scene so vividly that when he gazed at the
silent, inanimate lines on the paper he could actually hear in his mind the
sound of her moans and sobs, and see the spasmodic jerking and writhing her her
suspended, helpless body.
	Her beautiful body....
	He forced himself back to the task of priming his canvas. But his hands
were not steady, and he had to stop. He was aware that he had a hard-on. Despite
himself, his brain swarmed with the remembered images. Inexorably, his eyes
turned to the drawing again. He sat looking at it this time for many minutes,
unconscious of the fact that his ragged breathing was loud in the quiet room,
lost in the overpowering evocation of his daughter's erotic and insanely
pleasurable torment.
	And again the drawing merged with the reality, and he saw the breasts
quiver, the feet dance slowly in the air, the drops of sweat dribbling down her
legs. He heard the gasps coming from her open mouth, and in his feverish fantasy
he even heard a sound he had not been present to hear--the cracking of the belt
across her flesh.
	And then, amid the other sounds, he heard Chuck's voice.
	"You'll be able to tie her up anytime you like, and draw her....We'll
share her with you....She'll like that....Tie her up...."
	No.
	To have more pictures...to see her in other positions...to gaze on her
nakedness....
	He couldn't.
	But he saw her in his mind, a succession of imagined
pictures--spread-eagled on her bed; bent double over the back of a chair; lying
on her side on the floor, with her legs drawn up behind her, bound wrists
fastened to bound ankles; standing on her toes facing a thick post in the
basement, her arms tied around it, her breasts flattened against it, lashed to
it with numerous coils of rope around her body and legs, only her buttocks
jutting out bare and defenseless....
	Anytime you like....Anytime you like....
	And then he heard the sound of the front door as his daughter entered
the house.
	For a long moment he did not move. Then, as if in a trance, he rose and
went to his bedroom door.
	"Jane," he called. "Will you come up here, please?"
	"All right, Daddy," came Jane's voice. He walked back to his chair.
Hastily, he put the drawing of her away. He would simply talk to her, he told
himself. Try to smooth things over....
	Jane came into the room. She moved a few steps inside the door, then
stopped. She seemed very calm. "Yes, Daddy?" she said.
	He couldn't speak for a moment. She stood there quietly, his daughter,
and waited. His eyes couldn't stay on her face. She wore a casual blouse and
slacks, nothing provocative, but he could see what was beneath them. In his mind
he could see it. And she knew. Her face showed nothing, but she knew. She
waited.
	"Jane," he whispered finally, "I want to draw your picture."

                                                      #

	She lay on his bed, naked and bound, legs quivering with strain,
shoulders nearly dislocated, torso arched painfully, writhing and moaning,
panting and sweating, and loving every minute of it.
	If he had had any doubts, he was convinced now. His daughter loved to
suffer. That passion had now grown strong enough to override all feelings of
shame, modesty or conventional behavior. When he had told her what he wanted,
she hadn't said a word. She had simply taken her clothes off, not even bothering
to turn away from him. She had brought him rope. Together they had worked out
the position, but it was she who had insisted on its severity. He would have
been more lenient, to spare her. But when he would have tied her hands behind
her at the wrists, she forced her arms as far in back of her as they would go,
until each of her hands cupped an opposite elbow. With her forearms lashed
together, her shoulders were pulled sharply back, thrusting her breasts out
boldly and tightening the flesh over her shoulder bones until they seemed about
to burst through the skin. When he spread her legs, tying each ankle with a
length of rope which then was fastened to one of the bedposts at the lower
corners of his large king-sized bed, she kept urging him to pull the ropes
tighter, and still tighter, until her legs were stretched taut as they could
possibly get, and then still tauter, stretched so wide apart that he thought she
would split, her crotch only a short distance from the foot of the bed, her
vagina splayed forcibly open.
	Now she lay on her back, her strained legs trembling with the tension,
her wonderful breasts jutting straight up, forced into even greater prominence
by the agonized arch of her upper body, lying on her tightly bound arms. To
prevent her from raising the upper part of herself from the bed, he had come up
with the idea of using one of his late wife's metal hair-curlers, which he had
clamped into Jane's hair and tied with a length of twine fastened to the head of
the bed.
	All she could do now was to writhe her torso slightly, an act which set
her high-set breasts deliciously bobbling. But their nipples were stiff and
pointing, and every sound of pain, Alex knew, was also a cry of joy.
	He sat in his chair and watched her avidly, his sketch pad set up on his
easel. As though he were already a veteran, after one experience, at drawing
bound and helpless girls, he was waiting for the proper moment, waiting until
the strain had more of a chance to set in, when she would begin to gasp with the
pain, tears in her eyes, squirming mindlessly against the relentless ropes,
dampening the sheets with her sweat.
	Meanwhile he was more than content to watch the deepening stages of her
suffering. It was so incredibly arousing that he had to hold himself in his
chair.
	Jane abandoned herself to pain as if it were a lover. Her open vagina
moistened as that lover brought a groan from her mouth. With every heaving
breath, her thrusting nipples reached out to it. Her twisting, twitching body
was dancing for it alone.
	His own breath quickened, his heart pounded as he watched this erotic
loveplay. Like this, she was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. He
groped for his pencils, his eyes reluctant to leave her straining body for an
instant.
	Now he began to draw. The arch of the upper body over the crushed arms.
The distorted, panting mouth. The rolling head, held in position by the cruel
piece of metal that pulled at her hair. The breathtakingly flat sweep of her
stomach. The damp triangle of pubic hair. The agonizingly taut, widestretched
legs, in which the tortured tendons now stood out in relief against the curved,
sensuous flesh of thigh and calf.
	He was lost in the picture, driven on by the groans and gasps which were
now steadily increasing in volume and frequency. He did not know how long he
worked; but when he stopped at last her entire body was trembling with strain
and agony. Tears dripped from her eyes, and he didn't think she was even aware
of the nearly continuous moan that came from somewhere deep inside her, broken
only by heaving gulps for breath.
	Her lover was taking her.
	He pushed himself up from his chair with an effort. he must release her
now. His legs were weak, and the blood was pounding in his head. His cock pushed
demandingly against his pants; he had had a huge erection since long before he
had started to draw.
	But he would not give in to that again. He must not. He would release
her. He moved unsteadily toward the bed. jane's glazed eyes turned to him,
focused for a moment. "Daddy..." she moaned.
	"All right, dear. I'm going to untie you now." But he didn't. He stood
over her, unable to move, unable to do anything but look at that wonderfully
tormented body. It was calling to him with its eager enslavement. The upthrust,
shuddering breasts were begging him, the cruelly pulled-apart legs were begging
him. And her eyes were begging too--and not for him to release her.
	He heard a new, deeper groan and realized that it had come from his own
throat. As if with a will of its own, a trembling hand rose, reached toward
her--and touched its palm lightly to the very tip of one rigid, jutting nipple.
	Two groans now mingled in the charged air of the room. "Daddy..." Jane
whimpered. "Daddy..."
	"Oh jesus," Burkheimer whispered. The hand closed softly over the
upreaching mound of flesh. He caressed it reverently. Then he drew away.
	"No," he gritted hoarsely. "No!"
	The girl on the bed squirmed feverishly within her bonds, trying to arch
her body still further toward him.
	"Please..." she moaned breathlessly. "Please, Daddy....Do it to me...do
it...."
	"Don't, Jane," Burkheimer groaned as he walked around to the foot of the
bed. "It's not right," he said, gazing down at the quivering inner surfaces of
her tightly stretched thighs, and the open, moist entrance to her cunt. "You're
my daughter," he whispered helplessly, unzipping his fly. He knelt at the foot
of the bed, and lowered himself between the sweet tortured limbs.
	"God forgive me," he said brokenly, and slowly fed his stiff phallic
pole into the lovely warm hole of his daughter's cunt.
	"Yes!" Jane cried. "Yes! Oh Daddy, please! Give it to me!"
	He gave it all to her. He swam in overwhelming sensation. He pulled out,
pushed slowly in. He was fucking his bound daughter.
	"More! Daddy, more!"
	He had no more to give. He went faster, harder. She squalled in painful
delight. That was what she wanted. More pain. He pumped into her. He was holding
himself above her, propped up on his hands. her face was twisted with lust. Lust
for sex, lust for torment. This was Jane. His sweet, lovely daughter. Absurdly,
he realized she was not wearing her glasses.
	"Fuck meeee...."
	He fucked her.
	"Daddy..." she gasped. "Lie on me....Fuck me with all of you....Crush
me....Oh yes, crush me!..."
	Yes! He was her lover now, provider of pain. He slammed himself down on
top of her arching body, his passion heightened by her shrill scream. He crushed
her down even harder against her tied, drawn-back arms, pressed her hips down
into the mattress, mashed her upthrust breasts against his unyielding chest. His
weight put an incredible extra strain in her impossibly stretched legs, and
caused the metal roller to pull cruelly at her hair. He didn't care now. She
wanted this, and he did too. He plunged into her harder than before, keeping his
weight on her while moving his hips like a triphammer.
	Jane was yelling in his ear, a scream of agony and triumph and violent
fulfillment, a tribute to her twin lovers, himself and pain. It turned into a
deafening banshee-like shriek as she came at last, jerking and heaving beneath
him for long, long moments before she tapered off, sobbing with exhaustion and
joy.
	Carefully then, he lifted his weight from her body, but he did not pull
out of her. Incredibly, unbelievably, he had not yet come, was still stiff and
aching inside her cunt.
	But he waited for her to recover, held still until her melting,
climax-softened but still paini-dazed eyes focused on him yet again.
	"Ohh god...Daddy..." she panted. "You didn't..."
	He began to move again inside her.
	"Come, Daddy," she breathed, writhing her hips for him with painful
effort. "Come in me. Come inside your little hot slut of a daughter."
	And he did, with all the power of hell behind him.




                                                      TWELVE

	"...And every time," Jane was saying, "he says he just wants to draw my
picture. But we both know how it's going to end up when he's finished." She was
kneeling in front of the chair in which Chuck sat, fully dressed but with her
wrists bound together in front of her. Her hands were in his lap, stroking his
huge erection through his trousers as she spoke.
	They were in the basement room of her house. Nearby, Joe slouched on the
sofa, his fly open and his stiff prick straining upwards through it. Before him,
Linda, also dressed, crouched on all fours, her head bowed, sucking slowly and
lovingly on the long, lust-engorged cock.
	"Last night," Jane went on, "he hung me up from the beam again, but by
my ankles this time. I was hanging upside down, with my hands tied behind me. My
head was only about a foot from the floor. When he stopped drawing, he knelt
down and put himself in my mouth, and I sucked him off upside down." Her voice
was soft, but her eyes glittered at the memory.
	Chuck laughed. "He's really coming out, your daddy. I guess we showed
him where it was at, all right."
	"The old guy better take it easy, though," Joe put in, his voice
hoarsened by the effect of what Linda was doing to him. "He'll give himself a
heart attack if he doesn't watch out."
	"He's not THAT old," Jane said defensively. "He's very strong. And he
can...keep going...for a very long time." She flushed a little.
	"Hold on there!" Chuck said, grinning. "Family loyalty is all
right--every slave should have some--but let's not get carried away. I don't
mind your daddy fucking you, but just remember, he doesn't own you. I do."
	"You do, Chuck," Jane said softly. "Of course you do."
	Joe sat up suddenly, pushing Linda away from him. "Wait a minute!" he
said resentfully. "What do you mean, YOU own her? She's supposed to belong to
both of us, remember? WE own her!"
	Chuck and Jane exchanged a glance. Chuck took a breath. "Not any more,
buddy," he said. "Things have changed a little."
	"What are you talking about?" Joe demanded.
	Chuck's hand went out to touch Jane's hair. "Jane and I
are...well...we've kind of got something special going, okay? We dig each other.
So--Jane belongs to me now. She's going to be my own personal slave from now
on." He shrugged. "Sorry, Joe--but that's the way it is." Then, seeing the
expression of disappointment on the other boy's face, Chuck went on. "Hey,
listen, buddy, it's not all that bad. I mean, it's not like you'll never make it
with her again. I'll lend her to you any time you want--as long as you don't get
too greedy, of course--and she'll still do whatever you tell her. Won't you,
Jane?"
	"Yes, Chuck," Jane said.
	Joe looked a bit less unhappy, but he was still chagrined. "Shit," he
muttered, slouching back on the couch. Then a thought hit him, and he sat up
again.
	"Listen, Chuck," he said hopefully. "If you're going to have Jane for
your personal slave...then how about me having Linda for mine? That's only
right. I mean, why should you have both of them? How about it?"
	Chuck looked over at his sister, still crouching on the floor. He
hesitated a moment, then grinned slyly, ignoring the plea in the blonde girl's
eyes. "Sure," he said. "Why not? That seems fair. I give her to you."
	"Chuck!" Linda cried protestingly.
	"Shut up, Sis. You belong to Joe now, and that's all there is to it."
	"But, Chuck, I--"
	Joe grabbed a fistful of Linda's long hair and yanked her head sharply
backward, bringing a shriek of pain from her. Holding her there, he looked down
into her beautiful blue eys, which slowly began to melt. "You stupid bitch!" he
gritted. "Do I have to slap your face in for you?"
	"Please..." Linda breathed.
	Without lettting go of her hair, Joe obliged. Linda cried out happily at
each blow.
	"Now, be quiet," Joe said when he had finished. "You're going to love
being my slave, you silly twat. I'll treat you even worse than Chuck did. I'll
whip you till there's not an unmarked spot on your body. I'll keep you tied up
so much you'll forget how to move. I'll fuck you in every hole you've got, and
make some more myself. You'll hurt so much you'll be in fucking masochists'
heaven. You hear me?" he said loudly, tugging even harder on her hair.
	Linda was panting and moaning. "Oh yes, Joe...yes...yes..."
	"Good." Deliberately, Joe gathered a large glob of saliva on his tongue.
He let it grow larger while he looked down at her twisted face. His tongue came
out, and the spittle rolled down, to hang for a moment from the tip. Linda
watched it as though hypnotized.
	The glob dropped into her open mouth.
	"Swallow that," Joe said.
	She obeyed.
	Joe let go of her hair and leaned back. "All right, slave," he said. "Go
on with what you were doing."
	"Joe," Linda said timidly, "will you make me do things  like--like you
did with Jane? Like making her strip naked for old Mr. Johnson? Will you, Joe?"
	"I'll make you do it in front of the whole class," Joe said.
	Linda drew in her breath with a sharp hiss. With tears of joy in her
eyes, she bent her head and resumed sucking on her new master's cock.
	Chuck had watched the scene with satisfaction. Now he spoke. "And don't
worry, Sis--we'll still have a lot of great times together. I'm sure Joe will
lend you to me often--just like I'm going to lend Jane to him."
	"And to Daddy too?" Jane asked.
	"Of course," Chuck said. "We wouldn't want to deprive your father of his
artistic pleasures."
	"Hey, where is the old boy, anyway?" Joe put in.
	"Upstairs, in his room."
	"We ought to tell him about our little arrangement. See if he wants to
be part of it."
	"He will," Jane said smugly.
	"Well, let's find out," Joe said. "Linda, go ask him."
	Linda reluctantly took her mouth off his cock and got up.
	"Oh, and take your clothes off first," Joe said.
	When Linda was naked, Joe tied her hands behind her. "There," he said
finally.
	"Now go find Alex and see what he has to say about all this."
	The naked girl left, going carefully up the stairs. It was a long while
before she came back again.

                                                            #

	They were celebrating.
	To affirm the fact that they were still going to be the closest of
friends and lovers, the two couples had wished to join themselves all together
in the act of love. The boys had found a way.
	Jane and Linda were lying on their sides on the floor, their bodies
bound tightly together. They lay in opposite directions, with their heads at the
level of each other's crotch. Their hands were tied behind them. Long ropes
encircled their upper bodies at several points, wound so tightly that they cut
deeply into the tender flesh. Their torsos were plastered together, their
breasts mashed against each other's stomach. Their upper legs thrashed
aimlessly. Each girl had her face buried between the other's thighs, her neck
straining as she lapped industriously at a wriggling vagina. They had been
ordered to keep their tongues busy in each other's cunt, and not to remove them
until further notice.
	The boys were behind them, one on either side of the bound bodies, also
lying in different directions. Chuck had his enormous cock buried in Jane's
asshole, while Joe's rampant prick was pumping deep into Linda's. Both of them
were thrusting strongly and mercilessly into the writhing, squirming, moaning
girls.
	Even though their mouths were somewhat muffled by their positions, the
girls' cries and moans filled the room, drowning out the labored breathing and
happy grunts of the boys who plugged away at their anuses. They were primitive,
animal sounds of pleasure and pain, and pleasure in pain, cries of torment and
ecstasy beautifully and inextricably mixed. They were all lost now in the
overwhelming intensity of sensation, the boys pounding harder, the girls
twisting deliciously in their bonds as the blissful agony went on and on.
	While a few feet away, on the sofa, Alex Burkheimer sat with pad in
hand, rapidly sketching the fantastic scene before him, feeling the familiar
throbbing in his loins, knowing it would soon be assuaged, and thinking that,
after all, his lot was the sweetest of all.

                            
                                                    	THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pamela


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





