BDSM Library - The Damned




The Damned
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a tale of torment in a strange country where the government was a dictatorship denying basic rights to its people. Any rebels who resisted the government or acted against its wishes were persecuted severely. This is the story of Kathy, a university student who experiences torture at the hands of the government.
The Damned

This is a tale of torment in a strange country where the government
was a dictatorship denying basic rights to its people. Any rebels who
resisted the government or acted against its wishes were persecuted
severely. This is the story of Kathy, a university student who
experiences torture at the hands of the government.

Kathy was a student at the university. At 21, she was, like most
students of her age, idealistic and passionate about the cause for
freedom and democracy. She had joined a group of other students who
risked their very lives to power the democratic movement. The
government however was hell bent at destroying the entire rebel
movement and went to severe lengths. Kathy wrote letters and
communications to influential people in other countries explaining
what they could do to help the movement work and the advantages they
would get.

She was, besides being intelligent, very beautiful. She had dark brown
hair, an athletic body, taut breasts. Any woman would be proud to have
such a body. She would usually pass the letters and communication she
wrote through a contact who would pick it up from a certain
letterbox. She also used to send radio messages over a specific
channel to inform of any news to the rebels hiding in the forest.

Unfortunately some of these went into the hands of the secret
police. One evening, as she was returning home, walking the usual
route from the university to her house, a black van pulled up near
her. Men wearing masks ran out, grabbed her and threw her into the
van. She fell on her face. They cuffed her hands behind and one of 
the guards placed his boot on her head, crushing her skull. She
screamed and asked them what was going on, but no answers were
provided. She was wearing a pair of jeans, a blue blouse. In her
position her blouse had been pushed up revealing her back to the
leering guards.

The van drove for a long distance and then seemed to pause for a brief
while. She heard the sound of large metal doors opening, she wasn't
sure. She lay on the floor with the boot still to her head. The van
stopped again, this time the sliding door on her front was opened. The
guard got down, giving some momentary relief to her head. Hands
roughly grabbed her by her hair and threw her down on the ground. As
she struggled trying to get up on her knees, she received a kick on
her abdomen and a sharp command barked at her, "Get up". As she tried
to talk, she received a harsh slap and fell back. They barked at her
once again, she realised that she better not talk to these hooligans.

She was pushed rougly and violently toward the near building and then
through one of the corridors. The sun was already set, leaving the sky
with the twilight. The corridors were lighted by electric lamps. They
kept pushing her with the gun butts and batons they were carrying till
they came near an office. The door was half open. The guards pushed it
open and gave her a mighty shove. She lost her balance and fell
in. She again heard one of them barking at her to get up and got a few
kicks on her butt. She managed to scramble up and face an officer
sitting on the other side of the desk. He was looking at some
documents in front of him. He was wearing a uniform, which she noticed
was highly decorated. He was quite handsome and had a badge saying
"Capt. Ramonez". 

He raised his head and looked at her. "Are you Kathy Schnarre?", he
asked in a deep commanding voice. I took the opportunity to talk,
"Yes, I am sure this is some mistake, why have I been brought to this
place? Where am I? What ..." At that point one of the guards hit her on
her spine with his gun butt. There was a cascade of blows from
them. They stopped as she was held in front of the captain by the
guards, one of the grabbing her hair quite painfully. She looked at
the man in front of her. He stood up from the chair and came near
her. He looked at her quite closely and then told his guards, "You got
the right girl, I'll talk to her tomorrow, I hope you know what to do
now." He got a nod from one of his guards as the girl looked
bewildered. She had no idea what was going on. Someone had found her
out, but there was nothing she could do about it.

The guards dragged her down the corridor and then through a flight of
stairs. They went through a corridor in the basement and reached
another room. One of the guards opened the door and then pushed her
in. She was expecting to be thrown into a cell and left alone to
contemplate alone. She was wrong. The guards entered the cell
together. There was a low table on the left corner from the
entrance. The guards pushed her towards it and made her bend over the
edge. The room was bare except for this and had a film of
dust. It was about 10x10 feet and had two ventilators on the wall
opposite to the door. There was a ladder on that wall and a few
ringbolts almost to the centre. The wall to the left was void of
anything. It had been whitewashed recently. There were dark stains on
the wall opposite to the door beside the ringbolts.

She was now afraid that she was going to be raped. She wasn't a
virgin, but being gang raped wasn't somethign she was prepared
for. She waited as one of the guards unzipped her jeans and pulled it
down. Then, once it was crumpled near her foot, he asked her to kick
it away. She was almost shivering now and she hesitated. The guard
violently banged her head on the table and she kicked her heels off
along with her jeans, stepping out of them. One of the guards took a
knife and tore her blouse from behind. He then grabbed it at the nape
of her neck and started tearing it off. The rags that remained on her
body were also torn off. She was now wearing only her white brassiere
and slip as she trembled. 

The fear was already making her sweat. A film of sweat as forming on
her body already. She was trembling. They caught her by her hair and
roughly dragged her towards the ringbolts. Her handcuffs were
momentarily removed and she was made to kneel facing the guards. Her
hands were cuffed over her head through one of the ring bolts. The
dirty dusty floor already chafed her knees as she knelt. She couldn't
lower herself because of the way she was cuffed. She looked at the
guards trying to feel for what they were about to do with her. 

Just then, another guard entered the room. He had something in his
hand which she noticed was a knuckle duster. The others stood back
leaning on the empty side walls as he approached her. Another guard
followed him with a chair in his hand as he approached her. Her hair
which was long enough to cover her breasts was now dishevelled and
blocking her eyes. The guard set the chair right in front of her. The
guard with the duster sat on the chair set in front of her and gave a
menacing look.

"You should have thought twice before you considered betraying our
country." he said in a harsh tone. You and your friends will be
captured and disposed. She looked at him in the eyes and
spat at him. It missed his face and landed on his uniform. He wiped it
off with a rag cloth. Without warning his fist flew into her
face. What ensued seemed to her like an explosion. It broke her nose,
sending a stream of blood instantly. She tasted blood in her
mouth. Another blow landed on her cheek. The next one was aimed at her
jaw. She almost thought he'd cracked her jaw. The pain pulsing through
her skull was unbearable. She was too dazed to even look at him or
brace for the next blow which hit her left breast like it was a
punching bag. The pain shot through her breast like a searing
burn. The punches and beating continued for over a quarter of an hour
before it stopped. Her beautiful face was now reduced to a mass of
grotesquely distended flesh seeping blood. The exposed top of her
battered breasts were now covered in a reddish blue hue. Sweat was
dripping from her body onto the floor. Her dishevelled hair was now
matted with the sweat and blood. Her white brassiere was now almost
dark brown in front. She noticed one of the guards came near her and
held her head up with her hair. She was now slapped by another
guard. Each slap was vicious and powerful. She couldn't turn her head
to avoid it because her head was being held by the other guard. Then
another guard appeared in front of her and jabbed the baton into her
groin. It felt as if pain had overtaken all her senses. Her muscles
cringed and she tried to close her legs to cover her groin, but
noticed that they were being held by another pair of hands. She almost
started crying as the next blow came to her groin. More blows fell on
her groin and abdomen as she was held defenseless. Now her slip was
also had red patches. Some of the more furious blows hit her ribs and
the side of her abdomen. Her breathing was now feverish. She was
sweating much more. Suddenly she felt her handcuff being removed from
her left hand. She was now turned around and cuffed back. 

They continued hitting her with the baton. Each blow sent her entire
body into the wall. They beat her kidneys and her buttocks with
increased fury. This lasted almost for an hour. Then there was a brief
pause in the beatings. She thought that her torture was over and she
will be left. Suddenly to her horror, she was turned around
again. This time the blows were given by bare hands on her face, her
breasts and her stomach. 

Her whole body was now a mess covered in bruises with blood trickling
from her broken nose and torn lips. She was certain that some of her
teeth had been shattered and her ribs had been cracked. Her body was
on fire.

The whole ordeal lasted almost over 3 hours. It was finally over after
she became too weak to even grunt after a blow. The handcuffs were
removed and her hands were cuffed behind her back. She was now
literally dragged through the corridors to a narrow 6x6 feet cell
which had a bucket on one corner. She was thrown inside and after a
few kicks to her buttocks and groin, they left her. The shock and
unbearable pain were too much for her. She dragged herself to the
bucket which had the waste of some earlier inmate and puked into
it. Blood and vomit came out of her as her whole body spasmed in the
pain. Without any water to clean herself, she sank down on the dirt
covered floor and fell asleep. 

Sometime, early in the morning, barely hours after she had gone to
sleep, a guard opened the door and threw in a dirty rag gown and woke
her up by kicking her on her groin. She looked, trembling at the
towering form of the guard in her room. He barked at her, "wear this
and get ready." She managed to croak "water" but the guard did not
take notice of what she said and left the room.

She now noticed that her body was aching far more than it had the
previous night while she was being beaten. The pain was almost
overwhelming and she couldn't move her wrist properly. She had the
urge to urinate and tried her best to stand up and walk towards the
bucket. She struggled to stand leaning on the wall and then managed to
pull her slip down partially as she relieved herself. She noticed that
it was blood red. As she finished she noticed that the blood on her
had dried and caked. She pulled up her slip and staggered back. She
picked up the ragged gown and put it on. Then she noticed the sinister
purpose, it was meant to be easily removable and was ideal for their
interrogations by torture.

She had barely finished putting it on, she heard footsteps. The door
opened with a thud and two guards entered the room. She was picked up
by her arms and dragged out of the cell. Her hands were cuffed behind
her and she was led through the corridors back to the room where she
was taken on the previous day.

She was roughly pushed into the room. She managed to keep her balance
this time however and staggered towards the table. There was a
circular wooden stool in front of the table this time. She saw the
captain sitting at the table who looked at her and said, "Sit." She
sat down on the stool. It was extremely uncomfortable, she would have
been much better off standing. 

The captain took a closer look at his captive. Her face was distended,
one of her eyes was swollen and almost shut. Her lips were also
distended and puffy. There were stains of blood all the way down her
neck disappearing into the ragged gown she was wearing. The gown
covered her only till just above her knees. In her sitting position on
the high stool, it covered the upper portion of her thighs. There were
marks of bruises on her thighs and her calves too.

She was too weak to think of anything but her pain. A guard behind her
grabbed a handful of her hair and placed another hand on her jaw
forcing her to look at the captain. The captain, who had just lit a
cigar looked at her and asked, "Katherine Schnarre, that is your
name?" She nodded. A guard barked, "we haven't cut out your tongue
yet, speak bitch!" The guard holding her hair twisted it to make it
hurt and she answered "Yes" in a hoarse voice. "I'll be calling you
Kathy", the captain said. "It seems you have been involved in a lot of
work against our government. We intend to get rid of the rebel menace
quickly and you have some information that will help us do it very
quickly. You have been involved in a lot of communication with rebel
sympathizers all over the world and also establishing links with the
rebels in the jungle. All you have to do is to reveal some information
that you know now and give us details like frequencies and ciphers we
need to intercept future communication. The more co-operative you are,
the better your treatment will be. I will personally make sure that
these animals cannot touch you (he pointed to his men figuratively)
and also make sure you are released without a record.", "On the other
hand, if you wish to keep silent, I can let them start the more
painfull third degree procedures. I am sure you will realise that what
you had last night was just a few slaps and kicks and are nothing like
the tortures we can inflict on your soft body. I reccommend that you
talk, I will see to your safety ... you can have my word of honour."

She looked at him, still defiance floating in her thought, as she
answered, "You will be brought down along with your government, the
people will have freedom and I am not going to betray them. I can't
see any honour in your word" and tried to spit at him with her dry
mouth. The captain gave an evil smile and said, "you are
underestimating what can be done to your body to make you talk, it is
a pity no one takes the easy route. They all like to suffer just like
you." 

A guard walked in with an syringe in his hand. He raised the sleeve
of her gown and gave her the injection. The captain was pacing towards
the door and came back after some time. She was still held by her hair
by the guard standing behind her. "I don't like to wait for
information. It will be so much more better for you and me if you
talked, I will have my information, you can go out free." She looked
at him defiantly and rasped, "Do all that you can, I am not going to
talk." He paused briefly and looked at her and gave an evil smile, "I
will meet you in the evening, I hope you won't be so haughty then."
She was roughly pulled off the stool by the guard behind her and
dragged through the corridor in the basement. This time, they came to
a different room. All the while she was hearing scream and sounds of
beatings. Some screams were coming from the rooms just ahead of where
they had stopped and they were anything but human. She wondered what
was being done to the captives.

The door near them opened and a man in civilian clothing appeared. He
looked at her and said, "so this is the new girl you were talking
about. You haven't hit her too badly like the last one, I should enjoy
working on her." Then he called one of his assistants who grabbed the
girl and pushed her into the room. The room had a small table and a
bed and was about 12x6 feet. The bed looked like an old hospital metal
bed. It had four cuffs on the corners and instead of solid metal had a
mesh on its body. Other than the man and the guard, there was no one
else in the room. She was asked to kneel in the corner near the
entrance. The man in civilian clothes went to the table and was
fiddling with some equipment (apparently an electrical
transformer). Shortly afterward a guard entered the room with a bucket
of water and placed it near the table. Then he came to the civilian
and addressed him as Doctor. 

The Doctor asked him to be present for the first few minutes in case
he had any problems. The other guard came near her and uncuffed her
hands. As she knelt, chafing her wrists, the doctor came near her and
said, "Stand up and take off your clothes." She looked a bit hesitant
as she slowly stood up, her body still aching from the beatings. He
added, "I hope you don't want these men to be touching you on your
privates .. Get on with it." She took the gown off herself and then
looked pleadingly at the Doctor. He gruffly remarked, "I don't have
time for this, You blokes get to her and take those things off." to
the guards. They quickly came near her. Her bra hasps were unhooked
and they pulled it off to reveal her breasts which were less marked
and stained by the earlier day's proceedings. They pulled her panties
down her legs and asked her to step out which she did. The Doctor
looked at the guards and said, "take her out, clean her and bring her
back within the hour." She wondered why he mentioned an hour as she
was pushed back through the corridors to a men's toilet.

She was taken near one of the urinals that was empty. The place
smelled foul as handcuffs were slapped back on her hands and she was
hung up from one of those pipes. She was now standing beside a male
urinal almost hanging by her wrists as her toes barely touched the
ground. Her naked body trembled. She looked at the guards,
scared. They gave a leering smile and then one of them said, "it will
be easier if you offer no resistance, it is much more painless that
way." Three more guards entered the urinal and looked at her naked
body, making lewd comments. She was now certain of rape, but how
painful was it going to be, she had no idea. The guard in front of her
took his baton out and asked, "Are you a virgin?". "No", she said in
her raspy voice. "Let's check" was his reply as he smiled at his
friends. Then he jabbed the baton into her vagina and almost lifted
her off her toes with his thrusts. Being raped with the baton was a
horrible experience and she squealed and grunted. He pulled out the
baton after he was satisfied. She hung there, covered with sweat and
panting. Her genitals red from the abuse. She felt a hot liquid
trickle out, she was bleeding. "shit! look, she's bleeding, maybe she
was a virgin!" The guard put his dirty hand inside her and said, "I
think so." He then smeared the blood from her groin on her face over
the blood already caked on it and said, "bitch has been lying to
everyone, let's do her real nasty!" 

Just then, one of the guards undid her cuffs, and they turned her
around facing the vile wall that was still wet with urine and her one
sweat. She was now trembling as she felt her ass cheeks being parted
by the guard and suddenly she felt a wave of pain hitting her as the
baton was thrust into her rectum. She screamed with all her strength
as her body was thrust towards the wall with each push. She was almost
certain that her insides had been torn. She was now turned around
again and the vile baton was now thrust into her mouth as she retched
and gagged at the unanticipated entry. It had been covered in her
blood and shit. They made her lick it clean as they massaged her
groin. One of them had a filthy rag which was soaked with water from
the tap nearby. It was thrust into her genitals and rubbed in an act
of cleaning it. She was experiencing unbearable humiliation. The pain
was nothing compared to the experience. The guard also removed the
mess from the inside of her thighs, cleaning her as if she was some
machine. The baton in her mouth was being played with as she gagged
and coughed trying to lick the vile mess off it as they instructed. 

They used water once more on the cloth as they rubbed some of
the blood off her stomach and midriff. The handcuffs were now removed
and she was thrown on the floor. Her hands and feet were held by two
guards while a third stuffed the dirty rag into her mouth and gagged
her. They took turns having her. They stopped after all of them had
used her at least twice. All the while, she was choking into the awful
gag. She was then turned around and sodomized. Some of them abstained
from the vile act as they felt it was too messy. (Little did anyone
care about the victim.)

After they were done with her, she was lifted and dragged towards a
urinal. Her gag was removed and she was allowed to puke into the
urinal. The baton they had used inside her was cleaned. She was then
dragged to a shower and cuffed to a pipe. They took turns playing with
her hosing different parts of her body and passing lewd comments. She
now had a horrible feeling about being alive. She was also beginning
to feel disoriented and unstable as they took her back to the room
without bothering to towel her off. She was pushed into the room and
forced onto the bed, still wet. Her hands and legs were cuffed to the
sides of the bed. The doctor had a sponge in his hand and he applied
the water from the bucket near her on her woods wiping off any grime
or blood left on it, leaving her soothed a bit. Then he did this to
her genitals and ears very carefully. 

He looked at her and said, "I am not sure you know how painful this is
going to be, but it will be much better for both of us if you started
talking now." She remained defiant and looked away from him. He said,
"I actually enjoy it this way."

Stretched, the way she was, she could only move about her head but she
couldn't thrash on the bed to hurt herself too badly. She watched from
her position as the doctor wore a large leather glove. One of the
guards also wore a glove. He checked something on the machine on his
table and then walked toward her lying form. She was aware that she
will soon experience electric shocks, but she had no idea, how painful
it was going to be. She waited trying to calm herself down for what
was about to hit her. The water on her body was cooling it
quickly. Memories of the rape were still in her mind, but the cool air
touching her wet body was making her feel more naked than she actually
was. Her brown pubic hair glistened with the wetness as she squirmed
trying to find a comfortable position to lie.

The doctor was having a casual conversation with the guard. She could
hear him enquiring about someone personally. Then he walked towards
her. The guard brought a chair for the doctor as he sat beside
her. The doctor touched her nipples, as if in foreplay and played with
them in his ungloved hand, one after the other. It was very
humiliating as she watched her body respond to his touch. Her nipples
grew taut as she fought the sensations of pleasure, squirming at his
touch. He smiled and said, "I like this." 

"It will be very painful, I'll get you something to bite on. We'll
start for a few minutes and then you can listen to the questions." His
voice was cold and without any emotion. He put on the glove and
brought a cattle prod, better known as the picana near her. She
watched him as the guard came near with a small stick in his
hand. "This will do", she heard the doctor saying. The guard roughly
opened her mouth and thrust the stick giving it to her as if it were a
bone for a dog. There was a rope hanging from the end of the stick
which was tied tight around her head, so she couldn't get rid of the
gag. Then the doctor walked to the table and set something. She heard
a humming noise as he approached her.

He sat down on the wooden chair beside her as she braced herself. He
now playfully touched her abdomen with his gloved hands. She cringed
at his every touch muffling into her gag. She waited for the pain to
hit as he toyed with her for a while. Then, he turned the current on
while it was touching her navel. She bucked, grunted and shook like
bronco, shaking her hips up and down in a desperate attempt to reveal
the pain. He stopped after over a minute. Her whole body shook as she
panted. She groaned, the pain, too much for her to bear. She now
shuddered as he moved it closer to her rib cage just under her ample
breasts and turned it on. She shook violently, with what seemed to be
increasing pain. After what seemed to be an eternity, he
stopped. Drool leaked from her mouth as she breathed heavily through
her gag. The prod was now positioned on the base of her left
breast. She tried to plead for mercy as he turned it on. Her whole
vision was now clouded in a reddish haze as she shook violently. Her
whole body chocked as her muscles spasmed and her scream contained
within herself. He released the shock after making sure she had
suffered her worst ... at least for then. Her body was still shaking,
unable to believe the degree of pain she had received. She spasmed,
gasping for air as the pain pulsed through her naked body. 

The guard came nearer and losened the string tying her gag pushing it
down and letting it rest over her throat. He quickly moved back as her
torturer put the vile prod into her mouth. She panicked trying to escape
and then felt the current through her mouth. She made gurgling noises
and more drool leaked out of her mouth as her whole body jumped on the
bed. He stopped when her eyes were completely blood shot and her nose
started bleeding. 

He settled down on the chair beside her as she spasmed and trembled on
the bed. "This was on a mild setting, I can make it much more painful"
he said smiling. She was now shaking from the shocks and from the fear
of this inhuman monster of a doctor. She felt dirty as the drool
dripped down to the sides of her face and neck. "Let's start with the
questions, shall we?", she heard her torturer say.

He then said, "what's your name, dear" in a voice that was eerily
pleasant. She managed to croak "Kathy", He casually pinched her
nipples, "I believe I wanted your name not what you were called." His
pinching slowly turned to torturous as she managed to say "Katherine
Schnarre" as tears welled from her eyes. "Please don't do this to me",
she managed to plead. 

"I didn't remember giving you permission to talk, maybe you want it up
your cunnie", he said as she shuddered at the thought. She was sure he
was capable of doing something like that. She noticed that she was
feeling very thirsty. He now said, "Who are your contacts in the
resistance? Name any two of them and I'll call off this session." She
was trembling now, her mind screaming at her. She could never take
another few minutes of the torture. She raised her blood shot eyes at
him and said, "I really know nothing about any resistance, please
believe me" she started sobbing, trying to convince him that she knew
nothing. 

Her torturer, however knew better than she did. He got up from his
chair and indicated something to the guard. He came near her and put
the stick back in her mouth as she tried to babble into it. Her
torturer came near and without remorse, continued for over an hour
shocking her all over her torso, her breasts being his favorite
targets and a few times her nipples and then her arm pits, her face,
ears and neck too. She felt she was going to die as the shocks coursed
through her naked body. Sometime while was shocking her nipples, she
lost control of her bodily functions and urinated on the bed. There
was a bucket just underneath which collected the dripping liquid. 

To her, the pain was so overwhelming that she barely noticed her loss
of control. She writhed in agony for over an hour before he stopped
again. This time, the questions were accompanied with slaps by the
guards. She answered some of them about her knowledge of different
towns and townsfolk, but kept mum about the resistance for which she
got harsher slaps on her breasts.

The torturer now motioned to the guard who inserted the saliva soaked
piece of wood, back into her mouth. The bucket which was now a mixture
of slimy water and her urine was now emptied on her. She trembled as
the shocks started again. He aimed for her sex, as she writhed in
agony. The session lasted over an hour as he burnt her intimate parts
with the prod. He finished when she stopped responding. 

She heard remarks as if in a dream from her torturer that she won't be
joining him for lunch followed by jabs on her naked sex. 

She was now untied from the bed and thrown on the floor. As she slowly
gained consciousness, she was pointed at her clothes on the floor and
instructed to wear it. It took all the strength that remained in her
body to collect her underwear, wear it and then pull the gown over
her. She was now taken out of the room and led up stairs out into the
open and through a clearing into another building. Walking, by itself,
was an ordeal to her as she reached the other building. She heard
screams of many women as she neared a room. The door opened and the
guards entered, pushing her in. She stood there shocked at what she
saw ...

(To be continued ...)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Del1verer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





