BDSM Library - Amanda's High School Lover




Amanda's High School Lover
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Amanda falls head over heels for a young guy at school. She has no idea what's in store for her.
BY  ANGELGIRL


"Amanda's  High School  Lover"   [Book4]

INTRODUCTION

      This story begins three years after I met Billy and his Daddy. My life has
completely changed since that day.  I still see Billy on occasion but I think
I'm too old for him now. I'm fourteen; and he likes girls that are just starting
puberty; like I was when they abducted me.  My relationship with my daddy has
improved 100%; I finally know how to give him pleasure. But that's another
story. I found it so strange when my father began talking about one of the boys
from my school.  I should have known from the beginning there was something
wrong.  My father has always claimed me as his possession but now he seemed to
be directing me towards the boy.  He told me that I should have male friends. 
He said he knew Raymond and considered him perfect for me.  I should have known
it was too good to be true.   

                                                                                                                         
"The Story"
 All week long I couldn't think of anything except Friday night.  It was going
to be the first dance of the year and I would finally get to meet Raymond.  I
was a freshman at St. Mary's High School and Raymond was in his senior year.  If
I hadn't chosen to sit in the schools gym during lunch breaks I never would have
met him.  I would sit high up in the bleachers so I wouldn't be disturbed by
other children.  I didn't have much use for children my own age, I considered
myself to mature to associate with them. Then one afternoon things changed.

 I was sitting in the bleachers as usual, when I heard a loud crash over my
head.  I dropped my pop spilling it onto the floor.  I saw a basketball bouncing
back towards the gym; and a young guy standing there looking up at me.

"I just wanted to see if you were alive or not," he laughed loudly.

"You Fucking Ass Hole," I yelled back at him.  "You made me spill my pop."

My display of temper only made him laugh louder. I couldn't stop from looking at
him as I got up to leave; he seemed to stand out from everyone else.  His eyes
seemed to be burning into me as I walked towards the exit; it felt like I was
walking in slow motion.  His white shorts fit tight as skin on his muscular legs
and his narrow waste expanded into a beautiful chest with wide shoulders.  His
blue eyes seemed to sparkle like diamonds; and his broad smile was almost
impossible to turn away from.  His hair flowed across his forehead in waves of
pure gold.  As I reached the exit I was unable to turn away from his hypnotic
smile.  I could feel tingling throughout my body and a wetness between my legs. 
I stood like a statue staring back at him.  He started to laugh.  It was as if
he knew what he was doing to me; but still I couldn't take my eyes off of him;
he had the most beautiful body I had ever seen.  I heard laughter coming from a
bunch of boys sitting on the other side of the gym; they had been watching me
the entire time.  My cheeks began to redden with embarrassment.  I knew they had
seen his effect on me.  I turned quickly to leave but in my haste I bumped into
another girl.  She looked to be about seventeen years old.

"His name is Ray Richards," she said.  "I'd stay away from him if I were you. 
He's a real prick."

"What do you mean?"  I asked; trying to hide my excitement and obvious interest.

"He's broken a lot of hearts in the time he's been here.  Let's just say he
likes to play very rough.  Stay away from him; hurting people is what he does
best"

As the girl ran out of the gym there were tears in her eyes.  It was obvious she
was talking from experience.  I looked back towards the gym only to see Ray and
his friends had left.

 That night as I lay in bed I couldn't get the image of his muscular body from
my mind.  It was almost midnight and I was still awake.  I could feel the
wetness as my fingers traced the outer edges of my vulva; it was puffy and so
sensitive.  I opened my legs and placed a pillow over my swollen clit.  I
squeezed my legs pulling it in. It wasn't long before I erupted in a beautiful
orgasm.  The pillow was soaked from my juices.  I couldn't believe that a school
boy was having this effect on me.  He couldn't have been more than eighteen
years old; but for some reason I couldn't get him out of my mind.

  Later that night when my father came to me I told him what had happened and
the effect it had on me.  I expected him to be enraged and even anticipated a
beating when he found out I had masturbated.  But instead he calmly asked the
boy's name.  When I told him it was Ray Richards I was surprised to see a smile
appear on his face.  He said he knew the boy; that he had met him several times
at a friend's home.  He said it would please him if I were to pursue a
relationship with the young man.  After my daddy left I was so happy I couldn't
sleep the rest of the night. I kept thinking about Ray and what he might be
like.

    Over the next two weeks I saw Ray in the gym almost every day, but neither
he nor his friends acted as if they saw me.  I started sitting closer to the
court each day until I was just one row up.  It was Friday, the day of the
school dance; I had to do something to attract his attention I could hear him
laughing and saying that he wasn't taking anyone to the dance.

"All the girls in this school are too immature for me," he was saying.


Ray had no idea how wrong he was.  I hadn't been a virgin since I was ten years
old; I wanted to tell him.  I couldn't understand what it was about him that
excited me so much.  All I knew was that I wanted his attention more than
anything else.  I lifted my legs onto the seat in front of me.  I was wearing a
short skirt and knew if he looked he would see my panties.  I could feel my
heart pounding wildly.  I looked down into the book on my lap but I wasn't
reading it; out of the corner of my eye I was watching Ray.  I could see his
friends laughing amongst themselves as they pointed in my direction.  Ray had
his back to me.  He was the only one not to see my wanton act.  I dropped my
eyes back into my book.  I felt like such a fool for what I had just done.  I
lowered my legs and was about to leave when I heard a voice.

"Are you going to the dance?"  The masculine voice asked.

He appeared from nowhere; I looked up to see his thick legs just a few inches
from my face.  They were covered in fine blond hair.  I gasped as my eyes rose
to his crotch and saw the bulge.  I had to stop my hand from reaching out to
touch him; my body wanted him so badly.  I was sure he thought me a virgin ripe
for the taking; he had no way of knowing the truth.  I was going to enjoy
playing the innocent girl for him.  If he knew how badly I wanted his affection
I'm sure I would have scared him away.

"I might be going," I said smiling up into his face, not really wanting to look
away from his swelling crotch.

"I read the story you wrote," he said with a smirk.  "I loved it.  I think it
was the wildest thing I ever read.  I have wanted to meet you ever since.  You
must be a very interesting girl.  I would love it if you would save a dance for
me."  He said as he turned back towards his friends.

I was in shock; "How did he read that story.  I got in so much trouble for
writing it. I had to see the school psychologist for months after. 

 "The teacher flipped when she read it." I thought as a cold chill ran up my
spine.

  We were told to be creative. She had said the more creative and original our
stories were the better our marks would be.  I decided to write a story about
someone I had been infatuated with most of my life.  I wrote about the "Marquis
de Sade".  In 1772 he used Spanish fly to drug two girls so that he could have
his way with them.  I thought it was a wonderful story; but the experience
taught me a very important lesson.  I could never let anyone know the thoughts
that were in my mind.  Somehow Ray must have gotten a copy.  My father said he
knew Ray, could he have given it to him.  I felt both ashamed and proud at the
same time.  Knowing that he had read my story and was still interested in me
excited me terribly.

"If after reading my story he is interested in me there must be more to him than
just a beautiful body," I chuckled to myself.  "I can't wait to find out what he
is really like."

I had just stepped out of the shower and was drying my body when I caught my
reflection in the mirror.  I remembered the first time I had seen a woman
looking back.  It had been almost four years ago now, when I was ten years old. 
It was the first time I had been with Bobby and his father.  It was the day I
lost my virginity; and almost my life.  My pussy was swollen and red from the
abuse it received.  My breasts were covered in teeth marks, and my nipples
looked raw.  As my mind wandered I could feel the lips of my freshly shaved
pussy filling with blood. I looked quite different now; my hips were wider and
my waist seemed narrower.  My breasts had growing to a respectable 36C cup.  My
curly blond hair was almost down to my waist.  I still weighed a hundred pounds
soaking wet and I was just over five feet tall.  I wondered if my plan to play
the naive virgin for Ray was still a good idea.

"Just because I wrote a story about rape, drugs, and promiscuity doesn't mean I
am that kind of girl," I laughed to myself.  "I am going to play the little
virgin to the hilt.  I am going to have so much fun teasing Ray."

I placed small dabs of "Tommy Girl" under my breasts and around the outer lips
of my pussy; it was twitching wildly with anticipation.  I finally understood
why Ray excited me so much; he was a boy; I would be able to control him.
Something I had never done in my entire life. For the first time I would be the
"Master".  The thought of making him plead for what he wanted really turned me
on.  I would drive him crazy before I would let him have me.  I decided to wear
the most erotic underwear I had.  I slipped into a pair of red crotch-less
panties and a bra that pushed my breasts so high they were almost popping out. 
Next I squeezed my body into a long tight fitting black dress that plunged
indecently low in the front.  With my breasts bulging in my bra and my dress cut
so low it looked like they were going to burst out at any moment.  The long
skirt was slit up the sides almost to my waist; it looked more like a long
native loincloth that a skirt. I spun around in front of the mirror revealing my
legs all the way to my panties; I was ready to drive Ray crazy.

"I see you are ready to go to the dance," my father's voice boomed from behind
me.

I turned to see him staring lustfully down on me.  From the look in his eyes I
wondered if I was going anywhere.  But again he surprised me.

"I couldn't let you go without seeing you one last time. You look beautiful
tonight; I want you to enjoy all the fruits of your womanhood.  It will give me
such pleasure imagining what is happening with you.  Something tells me you are
in for the experience of your life. You will be a different woman.  Now go to
your young man and make me proud."  He said in a strange way.

I arrived at the dance about eleven p.m. as I didn't want to spend time
socializing.  The gym was packed with people; they all looked like children to
me.  Many of them were sitting in the bleachers necking. Hardly anyone was
dancing.  I wondered if I had made a mistake coming so late; maybe Ray had found
someone else; then I felt a hand brushing against me.

"May I have this dance? With the most beautiful girl in the room?"  The voice
said.

I would have recognized his voice anywhere. I turned to see his outstretched
hand waiting to take mine.  He pulled me tightly to him; I could feel my breasts
pushing into his chest.  As the dance ended he gave me a spin; my skirt flew
into the air splitting wide open. His eyes widened when my body revealed itself
to him.  He pulled me back into his arms and began to tell me how beautiful I
was.

"That is the sexiest dress I have ever seen; and you are absolutely beautiful in
it."  He said; getting braver as each moment passed.

 During the next dance I turned my body sideways; my hip fit perfectly between
his legs.  I began pushing it into his crotch; I could feel his manhood
reacting.

"I could use a little air," he said.  "Would you walk outside with me?"

I felt so pleased; my plan to drive him crazy was working.  He led me to a
secluded bench under some trees.  Ray lit a cigarette and asked if I would like
one.  I told him I didn't smoke as I watched him put his hand into his pocket
and pulled out a small bottle.  He offered it to me.  I didn't really feel like
drinking; I didn't need any.  I could already feel the wetness between my legs,
but if I was going to play the innocent virgin I would need to pretend he was
getting me drunk.  As I put the bottle to my lips I expected the sharp taste of
whiskey; but was greeted by a sweet pleasant flavour.  I had planned on taking
just a small sip, but found myself drinking down two large gulps before I handed
it back to him.

"What was that?"  I asked as I felt it's warmth throughout my body.

"It's my secret recipe," he said smiling down at me.  "I call it, "Panty
Remover"."

I was surprised to hear him speaking like that; I didn't think he would be so
bold; but I decided to play along.

"Well then, you had better give me some more," I said giggling like a
schoolgirl.

I took another sip; and just as I was about to bring it down I felt Ray's hand
over mine.

"If I am to have my way with you, you will have to drink more than that," I
heard him say rather coldly.

I could have pushed his hand away, but for some reason I enjoyed him acting
forceful; after all wasn't that what I wanted.  He held the bottle until I drank
three more gulps; I could drink quite a lot of alcohol; but for some reason I
was starting to feel light-headed and relaxed, almost heavy.  I felt Ray's arms
going around me, pulling me into him.  His body felt hot and hard.  I could hear
his heart pounding.  He eased my head back and placed his mouth over mine; his
tongue rushing past my lips.  It felt longer and hotter then any I had ever felt
before. It felt like he was smothering me; I wondered why I was experiencing
such weird sensations.   Then I felt his hands touching my breasts; he seamed to
be touching me everywhere at the same time. Hands were on my knees spreading my
legs apart, and others were sliding up my leg pushing my panties to one side as
fingers pushed into me.

"Holy fuck! Is she ever hot!!!"  I heard a voice I didn't recognize saying.

The sound of the strangers voice shocked me back.  It was impossible for Ray to
be touching me in so many places at the same time. There were several forms
lurking around me; but for some reason my eyes wouldn't focus.  I knew it must
have been Ray's friends.  I was about to scream when I heard Ray speaking.

"All right guys, back off.  She's my date. She'll need more to drink before she
is ready for this. Just back off before she starts screaming her fucking head
off. "He said to them.

I didn't really understand what was happening; I just knew he was mad at them
and it made me feel protected when I felt the hands leaving my body.  I was
happy that Ray was looking after me.

 "You can't imagine how badly I have wanted you; you are the kinkiest slut I
have ever known. When I read your story I knew I had to have you. I even talked
with your father about you; he said you were perfect for me.  Tonight my torment
will end; tonight you are my slut; my fucking slut.  I have never needed
anything as badly as I need your fucking whore body tonight."

 I couldn't understand what he was saying; my head was spinning wildly. But his
words seemed to be melting my heart; my fears were gone now.  It felt like my
body was turning to lava; a fire was burning in me like never before. 

 I didn't even mind when I felt the hands returning.  I knew it wasn't Ray
trying to push his fingers into me.  My head was pulled back and the bottle
pressed against my lips once more; until I drank several large gulps.

"That should be enough," I heard Ray laughing." The slut should be ready now. 
Her daddy says she likes it real rough; is everybody ready to give the cunt what
she wants?"

I heard a roar of approval erupt from the boys as I tried to understand what was
happening. 

 "My daddy would never say things like that to him.  "He must be trying to
impress the other boys." I thought to myself trying not to be upset.

 "Get the car, and make sure no one sees you."   Ray told someone.

I felt like a rag doll; I had no strength.  I tried to speak, but I couldn't
move my jaw.  Even my eye lids seemed hard to control.  I should have been
frightened, but instead I felt somehow at ease.  The words Ray had spoken just a
few minutes earlier had completely vanished from my mind, I felt as if I was on
a cloud; nothing seemed real.  I could feel hands on my body again; one pushing
into my pussy and being very rough.  It pushed so hard that my bum started
sliding on the bench; I wondered why it wasn't hurting.  I was sure he was
trying to shove his entire fist into me; but instead of hurting it sent
wonderful shivers throughout my body.

A car pulled up; and arms wrapped around me lifting me to my feet.   I couldn't
move a muscle; I was totally limp.  I realized that Ray must have put something
into the drink; I was fully conscious but I had no control over my body.  They
carried me to the front seat of the car and Ray got in behind the wheel.  A boy
got in on the other side; and three others climbing into the back.  I should
have been terrified; but instead I felt wetness between my legs.  The thought of
these five boys lusting for me was really exciting me.  What could be the worst
that could happen?  I was sure I wasn't going to be hurt.  They were just a
bunch of guys about to bang a drunken virgin. The thought of being fucked by
them was making me drip.  I had fascinated so often of having several men at the
same time.  I imagined it as the ultimate form of attention; them all trying to
give me pleasure at once.  I had no idea how wrong I was. 

A boy from the back seat stood up and leaned over me.  I felt his fingers
pushing under my bra.   I shrieked when he pulled it over my head.  The straps
were snapping as it ripped from my body.  The large strap around my chest was
the last to yield.  My flesh burned as if singed by fire as it shredded from me. 
The boy beside me started to join in; they were pulling at my clothes from all
sides.  In just a few seconds I was completely naked; unable to move; I was at
their mercy.  They were laughing as if they were all going mad; I had somehow
been drawn into a nightmare

"Pull her into the back seat," A voice yelled out.

Two of the boys from the back grabbed me under my arms and began to pull me.  My
spine felt like it was going to break as it slid over the back of the seat. 
They stopped when my bum was rocking on the top.  Ray grabbed onto my left ankle
and pulled it across his chest till it went out the drivers' door window.  The
boy in the passenger seat did the same with my other leg; forcing it out the
passenger door window.  I screamed in agony as they shut the windows; it felt
like they were cutting my feet off.  My head was dangling inches just from floor
in the back seat; in front of me was one of the boys.  He leaned forward and
began biting and pinching my nipples; the pain was unbearable, I tried to move
away but couldn't.  The boy in the front leaning over me; I could feel his
breath on my pussy; then his fingers began pushing into me.

"Are you ever a crazy fucking slut.  You really "DO" like this don't you?  Your
cunt is soaking wet," he yelled at me.

He was right; Just a few seconds ago I had thought I would enjoy their
attention.  I was sure they wouldn't hurt me. But now all my clothes were in
shreds.  My nipples were bleeding and my ankles were squashed in the windows.
But the boy didn't really want an answer; he was to busy trying to force his
fist into my stretching pussy.  I heard a scream burst from my chest as he drove
to the depths; smashing my uterus.  Stars flashed all around me.  Their laughter
seemed to be fading; I was in a dark place, [at least for a moment].

I woke up to the sound of my own teeth chattering; I was lying on cold hard
concrete; there were legs all around me.

"The cunts awake!"  I heard someone laughing loudly.

 The next thing I knew a foot buried itself in my tummy.  I groaned loudly as I
rolled backwards still unable to control my movements.  All five of the boys
were standing in a circle around me as I lay on my back with my legs and arms
spread wide apart.  Then they began kicking me; I could do nothing to protect
myself.  All I could do was lay there feeling the pain.

"Don't damage any of the good parts," I heard Ray's voice yelling. "Hold the
slut down for me."

Two boys held my arms while others grabbed onto my ankles.  A stabbing pain shot
through my body when they grabbed onto my ankles, it really felt like they were
broken. I was totally unable to move; I wondered why Ray wanted them to hold me
down.  I guessed it just made him feel more powerful.

Ray stood over me as he removed his pants.  His cock jumped to attention as he
dropped them to the ground.  His penis looked huge as it swayed over me like the
limb of a tree.  Before I knew what was happening he dropped onto me driving its
full-length into my battered pussy.  My insides were hurting terribly; that
boy's fist had damaged something.  Ray's long cock was filling me with pain as
he savagely pounded into my defenceless body.  I had anticipated this moment for
so long; I wanted him so badly. I thought it would be beautiful.  Now, all I
could feel was pain; Terrible pain.

"Look!  The  fucking cunt is crying," one of the boys shouted, seeming to give
Ray the incentive to thrust his cock into me even harder.

"Oh fuck, is she ever a hot fucking slut," Ray yelled as I felt his sperm
filling my insides.

 He didn't even look back as he walked away; telling the others that I was all
theirs.  They seemed to go wild; like a pack of wolves during a feeding frenzy. 
They started fighting, trying to decide who would have me next.  After a few
minutes they all turned towards me. They lifted my limp body and draped me over
a small steel table on my belly with my head and legs hanging over the ends. 
Someone spread my legs apart and others tied my ankles and wrists to the table. 
I felt a stabbing pain in my anus as someone began shoving his cock into my
bowels.  It felt like I was splitting wide open; I tried to scream but only a
whimper came from my lungs. His hands were digging into my hips as he pulled me
to him. At the same time someone else was pulling my hair and lifting my head aa
his fingers pried my mouth open.

"Suck it slut. Open you're fucking mouth and suck my cock or I'll beat you're
fucking head in." The voice screamed from above me. 

 I had no control as his fingers pried my mouth open for his waiting cock.  He
was smashing into my face so hard my nose was making a crunching sound. He must
have broken my nose; his cock was dripping with my blood. I thought I was going
to die when he thrust it down my throat and I was no longer able to breath. I
guess I was lucky; it didn't take him long to cum. He pulled his cock out and
shot his hot sticky cum all over my face. 

For the next few hours I was passed around like a toy; one boy would finish with
me just to have another take his place.  My face was covered in blood and their
cum.   I had made the mistake of my life thinking they would be kind; I knew
that my chances of surviving were slim. I began seeing stars again; I didn't
know if I was dying or not; I didn't care; I welcomed the blackness.

When my senses came back my head was pounding like it never had before.  Every
beat of my heart was like a sledgehammer pounding on my brain.  My eyeballs felt
like they were going to pop from their sockets.  I was confused as I tried to
focus on my surroundings; the garage had turned upside-down.

I was hanging by one foot high in the air.  They had tied one of my ankles with
a rope and the other had been left loose causing my legs to drape wide apart.

"The cunts awake again," I heard someone laughing loudly.

"It's time for you to entertain us. It's time for your enema," Ray said in a
chilling voice.

Ray pushed a small barrel on wheels towards me.  It had a hose attached to the
top that looked like a garden hose.  At the end of the hose was a scary thing
that looked like a gun; it had a trigger and a long barrel.  Ray lifted it to my
face; he wanted me to look at it.

"I think you need a grease job; you are up the hoist.  You must be there to get
a grease job," he said sarcastically.

He squeezed the trigger on the gun and I heard a blast of air come from the
small barrel on the floor.  It almost sounded like a gasp.  At the same time a
large globule of grease oozed out of the gun as Ray lifted it between my legs.

"Please Ray!" I blurted with all the strength I could muster. "Why? Why are you
doing this to me? Please don't ,,Please let me down."

He acted as if he hadn't heard a word I said as he lowered the cold steel;
violating my already bleeding pussy. He didn't stop until I was screaming in
pain as it pushed into my cervix.  The barrel on the floor seamed to be keeping
pace with my screams as it gasped over and over; filling my insides with it's
thick fluid. The pressure was beginning to overwhelm me; a stabbing pain filled
my tummy; I was sure the grease had found the opening to my overies. There were
thick blobs of grease covered in blood falling past my face to the floor.

"I guess tank No. 1 is full," I heard Ray laugh.

All the boys were standing in a circle around me laughing and cheering as he
pulled the long barrel out of my pussy. Blood ran down my belly and off my chin
onto the floor; he had surely ruptured something inside of me. 

Just when I thought it might be over I felt him insert the nozzle into my
rectum.  The gun started making the gasping sound again; and I could see my
belly starting to swell; I was sure he would kill me this time.  He was going to
continue filling my bum with grease until I ruptured. I knew I was going to die.
I closed my eyes and began to pray; to God, [or the Devil], whichever one wanted
me the most.  I begged not to die this slow and terrible death. I prayed that my
heart would stop so I could be spared this suffering.

"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck!!!"  I heard Ray yelling.  "The fucking thing is out of
grease."

It fell like he had already pumped two gallons of the thick goo into my
intestines.  I felt ready to explode.

"I guess we'll have to do it the hard way" Ray laughed.

All of them began cheering as Ray pulled the grease gun out of my ass and
disappear for a moment.  Then he was back; holding a baseball bat in his hands. 
Seeing him standing over me with a bat in his hands somehow gave me the energy
to speak.

"Please Ray.  Don't do this.  Please stop.  I hurt so badly," I pleaded.

"Shut up you fucking slut," he screamed back at me.  You are getting exactly
what you want.  You're nothing but scum.  Your daddy told me everything about
you. He told me you have dreamed of this happening.   He even asked us to make a
video so he could watch you die for him. You are giving your daddy the ultimate
gift; so shut up and make him proud."

Before I had a chance to comprehend what he was saying the bat hit me in the
centre of my tummy; making a splat as it slammed into my belly.  Everyone
started to cheer as grease shot out of my bum in all directions. 

My eyes were fixed on Ray as he passed the bat to another of the boys.  The boy
stood in front of me as if he were waiting for someone to throw him a ball; then
all of a sudden he swung hitting me on the top of my hip. 

I heard it more than felt it; the crunching sound of bone breaking.  I guess I
was going into in shock, I couldn't feel anything.  The bat was passed from boy
to boy, each one taking his turn swinging at my helpless body.  I had become
totally numb; each time a boy swung at my body I could hear my bones crushing
under the pressure but I felt nothing at all.  I prayed that each time would be
the last when I felt my head violently swing backwards; one of the boys had
smashed the bat into my face.  Bright lights flashed before my eyes, and then
there was blackness; dark peaceful blackness.  Thanking death for finally
answering my prayers were my final thoughts.

"I was in a dark Smokey room.  I seemed to be lying on the floor; but it wasn't
a floor.  It was so hot that my skin felt as if it was on fire; yet there was no
fire.  There was a large form towering over me.  At first I thought it looked
like my Daddy; he was ten feet tall and naked. His body was bright red and
seamed to glow.  I was sure I could see a Serpents tail hanging from between his
legs.  I knew that I must be dreaming.


"You pleasure me far to much to die" he said smiling down at me.  "I am not
finished with you.  You will not die this day.  You will live to suffer more; to
give me more pleasure," his booming voice said as I felt the heat of the room
turning into cool night air.

My body was bouncing on a very hard surface; I was in the back of a pickup
truck.  I began to cry and curse "GOD" when I realized I was still alive.  My
body was smashed beyond recognition and I was still alive.  Pain was screaming
into my brain from all directions as I felt the truck coming to a stop.  People
were climbing into the back of the truck.

"I think this pile of scum is still alive," I heard a surprised voice saying.

"Who gives a fuck!  Quit worrying.  Her daddy said we could do anything we
wanted with her. He said the more we messed her up the more he'd like it. I'm
sure he will be pleased when he sees the video. He said he'd make sure the
police never get on our trail; through the douche bag over the bank. The crabs
will finish the job for us," I heard Ray's voice yelling.

They lifted my body into the air and began to swing it back and forth.  I wasn't
afraid, I had welcomed death before and this time I was begging for it.  They
threw my body like a catapulted rock through the air.

"This is what "Angels" must feel like," I thought as I sailed through the soft
air.  "I must surely be dead now."

I was crashing through branches and could feel my flesh ripping till my battered
body crashed to the ground.  Again I could see the Devil's smiling face looking
down on me.  This time I was sure it was my daddy's face.

"Your destiny is to suffer. For me!  I have not enjoyed such pleasures for
thousands of years.  I will not allow you to die, your suffering has only just
begun," I saw him laughing as I rolled towards the raging river bank.

I knew even he could not stop my death if I fell into the river. I had beaten
him; I would be with the Angels.  All of a sudden my body stopped as if it had
run into a truck.  At the edge of the water laid a freshly fallen tree.  My body
slammed into it wrapping around it.  I was sprawled over the tree with my
fingers dipping into the cool water of the river and my feet touching the ground
on the other side.  Sadness overwhelmed me as I fell into unconsciousness.

In my deep sleep the Devil kept coming to me. He was telling me over and over
how important I was to him.  How I gave him more pleasure than any other
creature he possessed.  He told me that as long as I continued to give him
pleasure I would never die.  He said that I was his slave and he my only true
Master.

 It was almost morning when my eyes opened.  I could smell the fresh scent of
the fallen tree.  I tried to move; but I couldn't move my body off the huge
tree..

I heard the barking of a large dog; it sounded like it was charging straight at
me.  It's barking was getting much louder.  Snarling and barking the dog
appeared in front of my face. It looked almost like a wolf as it stood in the
water glairing its teeth at me at me.  I could see confusion in its eyes; it was
probably trying to figure out what I was.  My face was smashed; my body swollen
and broken.  I was naked and covered in blood. I probably looked more like food
than anything else.  I was considering lifting my head to allow the dog to rip
my throat and finally give me piece but the dog had other ideas.  In a flash he
was behind me; sniffing between my legs.

"Just like a guy. It didn't take him long to figure out what I am," I thought to
myself not really thinking of the consequences.

His soft tongue began probing and licking between my legs; it actually felt
good.  He seemed to be soothing my burning hole until I felt it jump up onto my
back and wrap his forearms around my hips.  I screamed with pain as his giant
cock found its way into my tortured and bruised pussy; it felt like a freight
train was ramming itself into me.  Then; over the sounds of the dog's loud
panting I heard someone yelling; it was a voice I had never heard before;
someone was trying to pull the dog from me. 

"Brutus!! Get the fuck off her!!" the voice was yelling .

The dog was pumping frantically.  I felt the first of its hot splashes as it
began to explode inside of me.  His master pulled him off my back but his cock
was still locked inside of me.  The man came around and placed his fingers on my
neck; he was trying to see if I was alive.  I tried to speak but all I could do
was grunt.  I saw him pull a cell phone from his pocket.  I could hear him
yelling that he needed an ambulance.  I couldn't help but see the humour in what
was happening.  There was my hero standing in front of me phoning 911, trying to
save my life, and behind me was his dog with its cock buried deep in my cunt. 
Stars began flashing before my eyes again.  It was the last thing I remembered
of what happened on the river.

I drifted in and out of consciousness for several days.  The only thing I knew
was I was in a hospital.  During my delirium the Devil kept coming to visit me. 
He told me that I wasn't to say anything about what happened to anyone.  If the
police asked I was to say that I was abducted as I walked home from the dance
alone.  We would deal with the boys in our own way he said.  I couldn't tell if
it was a dream or my daddy telling me these things.  When the police came I told
them nothing.  I had intended on telling them everything, but I could only say
what my daddy [or the Devil] had told me.  I couldn't believe that I felt so
loyal to someone that probably didn't exist; but I felt compelled not to defy my
Master.

It isn't like I had bad feelings towards Ray; I'm to blame more then he is for
what happened.  After all, I did make myself available for them.  They just did
what most guys would like to do with a drunken slut."

The fact was; I still felt fond of Ray.  It really wasn't hard for me to keep my
mouth shut about what had happened.  I didn't want to get him into trouble. 

The next day I was feeling much better when my daddy came to visit me.  He had
that same smile I had seen in my dreams.  It rattled me somewhat.

"I am very proud of you Mandi," were the first words he spoke.  "I said you
would be a different woman; but I didn't expect this.  You are a fucking mess."

I began to cry when I heard his words.  "Am I really that bad daddy?"  I
pleaded.


"I didn't even know it was you; your body really took a beating.  Those boys
must've had quite a time with you.  You will tell me every detail when you are
better.  I can't remember a time when you have excited me more than this.  It's
going to cost a million bucks to get you put back together, but I'm sure you
will make it up to me."

My head was spinning.  I didn't know if it really was my daddy standing over me
or just another dream of the devil.  Strangely, I felt proud.  I had somehow
pleased him, he was pleased with me.  I drifted into a deep sleep.  When I woke
my daddy was gone. Only the Doctor was there. He told me that when the
paramedics arrived there was no one at the river except me.  He told me that I
was the luckiest girl alive.  I had so many injuries that could have been fatal
if they had just been one inch one-way or the other.  My daddy sent me to an
upstate New York hospital.  I had twenty-seven operations.  Eighteen stainless
pins were put in my bones, and over 300 stitches.  I felt like Frankenstein, but
after two years I looked like Reese Witherspoon.  My body had healed, but my
soul was still in agony.

 I had been out of the hospital for six months when I had another dream.  It was
my Master, the Devil.  Once again he had the face of my daddy.  He told me that
I was boring him; I had done nothing to give him pleasure since I left the
hospital.  He said he hadn't made me the most desirable and beautiful
16-year-old for nothing.  He asked if I was content to be ordinary and do
ordinary things.  I didn't answer; I lay frozen in my bed.  He asked if I no
longer wished to give him pleasure.  He said he would leave if I wanted him to. 
I couldn't tell him to go; to leave me; I wanted to please this being.  I wanted
to give him pleasure.  To feel his approval was all I asked from life.  I would
do anything for him. 

He told me that Ray thought I was dead.  He said Ray had gotten the girl I had
bumped into on the bleachers pregnant; and they married last year. The girl bore
him a daughter.  He is already sticking his fingers into the babies little pussy
and he lets his friends rape his wife.  He would let them kill her if he didn't
need her to raise the child for him.  He asked if I would like to go back to
Bellingham and see Ray.  Fear revelled through my body that I didn't know
existed; I remembered what they had done to me.  What could make the Devil think
I would want to go through that again?  But before I could speak he continued.

"What do you think his reaction would be if he saw you?  What do you think those
boys would want to do to you?"  The Devil roared into laughter.  "What if I told
you it could be very different.  I know you would like to see Ray; you would
like it to be different with him.  It would give me great pleasure watching you. 
Remember my dear Mandi; you can serve no greater Master.  Any and all things are
possible through me.

The next day I made a few phone calls to Bellingham.  I talked with Ray's new
wife for several hours.  She said she had heard the boys bragging many times
about what they did with me.  They told her it would be her fate when they tired
of her.  She was amazed to hear I was still alive.  We became fast friends.  It
seemed like we had known each other all our lives.  She said she was really
looking forward to my visit.  One month later I was standing on the front porch
of their modest home; my long curly blond hair licking the exposed flesh of
waist.  I was wearing a tight fitting T-shirt with no bra that was cut off just
under my breasts.  My dark pink nipples were bulging through the thin fabric.  I
had a pair of very low cut shorts on; I felt more sexy that I ever. 

Ray's face turned white when he opened the door to see me standing there.  I
could see a woman standing behind him with a baby in her arms.  Her face was
swollen and covered in bruises.

"Aren't you going to invite me in?"  I asked as I tucked my hands behind my bum;
not wanting him to see I was trembling with excitement.  The shock in Ray's face
quickly changed as his eyes fell onto my body; I could see the lust boiling up
in him.  I didn't know what the Devil had planned for me; but it wasn't revenge
I was seeking.  I wanted Ray; I still wanted his fury in me.  The rage in his
eyes was making my temperature sore; and I could feel wetness between my legs
soaking my panties.  I would leave revenge to his wife; I prayed she would stick
to our plan. I had asked her to give me a few hours with him, she had promised
me that.  But as I looked onto her face I could see only hate for him.  She
would cut his heart out in an instant if she ever had the chance.

 Ray's hand slipped between my legs; his probing fingers hurt.  He almost lifted
me into the air as he pulled me into the house and closed the door behind us. He
spun me around slamming my back into the wall; I felt the breath rush from my
lungs.   He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back as his mouth roughly covered
over mine. His hand slapped viciously on my belly; and began to disappear under
the waist band of my shorts. He was defiantly the Ray I remembered; I was about
to be raped right in front of his wife. As he ripped the T-shirt from my body
and lowered his mouth to my breasts I could sense his wife quietly walking
towards us.  All of his attention was on me as his fingers searched for my
womanhood and his teeth bit into my nipples.  Our plan was working perfectly;
exactly as we had hoped it would. She was standing behind him now. I could see
her arms rising into the air..  The gleaming _  __  ___   ___,,,,,,.Now wait a
minute. That's another story.  Isn't it?

I hope you have enjoyed my little tale. If you have I would love to hear from
you.                 ANGELGIRL
                                                      [  can-angel@canada.com]




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Angelgirl


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





