BDSM Library - Descent




Descent
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: He took a woman, and brought her down, step by step.. to show her what she was, but how low she could go?
Descent


	She arrives, a wonderful strong proud woman.  He meets her at the door. 
When she opens her mouth to speak, he lifts a finger to her lips, touching
gently, silencing her.  She smiles slightly, and follows her lead.  She, too,
likes to play.  He leads her to the back room, the play room she has always
called it, and stops her in the middle.  She watches him quietly as he moves
behind her.  His soft breath teasing at her neck, her ear, sending gentle
tingles thru her.  His hands come around, catching the lapels of her suit jacket
and slides it off her shoulders.  She chews her lip quietly as his hands then
move to the buttons of her blouse. She feels his warmth against her back,
supportive and comforting as slowly one by one her buttons open.  She shrugs her
shoulders as he slides it off, leaving her is the white teddy that barely covers
her ample breasts.  He slides the zipper of her skirt down slowly, knowing full
well the longer he takes the tighter the lump in her throat gets, the slower her
breathing becomes as she allows him his way with her.  The skirt drops to the
floor, billowing around her 3 inch black heels.  He walks around her silently,
drinking in the sight.  Her long legs covered in the white stocking, captured at
the thighs by the garter belt.  The little white bow on the teddy buried between
the soft rising of her breasts is the finishing touch.  He looks to her, nodding
softly, pleased.  She knows he likes her in white.  Inhaling once as he drinks
in again, letting his eyes caress her.  Another time he will want her like this,
but not tonight.  He slips the straps off the teddy, sliding it down her body. 
He releases unclips the garters clasps then removes the belt before crouching
down.  She watches him as he slowly rolls the stocking down, his flesh brushing
softly against hers.  One by one, her feet are tapped and she raises them for
him to remove her shoes.  Her body sinks down the final four inches.  He stands
before her, hovering.  The height difference is substantial, making her feel
very small in his presence.  She looks up to him, her face already flushed as
she stands naked before him, eyes twinkling in the excitement that only he can
give her.  He feeds on the sight of her, the nervousness that also hides in her
eyes, the rise and fall of her bosom from shallow breaths.  Her throat ripples
as she swallows, there is a struggle in her to keep eye contact.  She has no
idea what he will do.  This woman had entered and given herself over to him.  
He offers her a soft smile.
	She relaxes at his smile, feeling it cam the tension growing in her
belly and smiles back.  He chuckles softly, almost cruelly,  and shakes his
head.  Before she can know what the chuckle means, he backhands her hard.  Pain
smashes into her face, her body flying back, crashing into the wall, hair
whipping around, dancing across the red stinging flesh.   Before she can
recover, the palm of her hand comes down hard, slapping against her other cheek.  
She cries out, as her body crumbles to the floor, knees driving into the cement
hard, pain shooting up, the double blows dizzying her.  Her hands drop to the
floor before her, gasping as her face throbs in two solid pain filled prints. 
She flips her hair back, eyes wide, looking to him, needing to see his face, to
understand the sudden attack.   And she realizes, this is not a game.  He slips
a collar around her neck, a thick leather mean for a dog, jerking once sharply
on the short one foot chain attached to the front of it.  Her chin lifts,
stretching out her throat in it's hardness, forcing herself to feel the ease of
breath.  Then scampers quickly, letting out a whelp as he pulls her across the
floor, knees scratching and scraping at the unfinished floor.  Pushing her head
down closer to the floor, locks the other end of the short chain to a hook on
the floor. 
	She's on hands and knees, can't move very far. He walks around her as 
her eyes following him.  Her body turning, not far as the chain holds her to the
floor, and holds her on her hands and knee.  Her nervousness grows as he circles
her slowly, not knowing what he plans next, what she'll be forced to endure. 
Aching to hear his voice, calming words, even commands, something to give her
directions.  Only the lingering stings in her face keeping her tongue still. 
His boots click softly against the floor as he continues walking slowly, looking
at her, examining her.  She keeps shifting, a nervousness growing, her lips
parting as her nervous breath quickens with the patter of her heartbeat.  The
tension building like a stone in her belly until she has to bite her lips to
keep from screaming at him to "just do it!".  It, being anything he is planning,
anything that pleases him, anything to end the buildup of the tension. 
	His eyes catch with hers and slowly slips the belt from the hoops of his
jeans. 
	She whimpers, body yanking back on hands and knees, eyes locking to the
terrible belt, the painful evil leather belt, her escape stopped as the short
chain holds her tight, pulling the collar tight around her throat.  Her head
bows down, frightened, trying to express her demureness, her obedience. But he
doesn't buy it and he starts talking to her.  Words, spoken softly as he slowly
walks around her, clicking of his boots on the cement floor.  But cutting words,
word that leave no doubt in her mind that he knows what she is.  And even if she
will not face it willingly, with his help, she will face it.  Words that cut so
deep into her soul that she cringes at the truth in them.  She bows down lower,
her face almost touching the floor, her body trembling before him, afraid, not
of the cruel belt in his hands, but in what he will inflict, what he will bring
out in her.....and what she will become.  Already she is begging silently, thru
eyes, demureness and whimpers, fighting the fear in her chest, the tears
stinging her eyes.  But again, he doesn't buy it.  He raises the belt high.
	Her scream begins even before the cruel leather smashes across her left
ass cheek, she scrambles, trying to escape, but the chain keeps her within his
reach.  He follows her, slow steps, he's in no hurry.  Her frightened eyes look
up, her body trembling, already the welt growing on her flesh.  The belt flies
down again.  He back arches, sobs fill the air.  His soft words do anything but
sooth her.  He is making her know what she is as he walks after her scampering
body and lays the belt in again.  As the blows rain and his words feed into that
place inside her she hides from even herself, her tears finally burst out.  She
releases them freely as the belt continues to kiss her flesh, lighting welted
fires in her back and ass,  occasionally screaming out as he whips it under to
catch at her dangling breasts.  Then as suddenly as it started, it stops.
	He crouches down in front of her trembling body, grabbing her hair,
pulling her to face him and studies her.  His hand reaches out, a finger
caresses against her cheek and catches a tears.  His eyes never leave his as he
slips the finger into his mouth and tastes her fear.
	She wants to speak to him, say words that come from the woman.  But he
has no desire to speak with the woman, he wants the slave within.  He stands
again and the belt flies, smashing into her ass, cheeks shivering with each
blow, deep red welts beginning to color her flesh, the tender thighs, across the
back again and again, even allowing the end to curl around and whip into the
delicate flesh of her underside, watching her body shudder in pain, hearing her
screams of agony.  Only when she is sobbing and begging, whimpering like a
chained beaten animal is he ready to stop.  Then he crouches down again, this
time seeing more than just tears in her eyes.  He sees her fear, even terror,
her ache inside as her body rocks in sobs. and he whispers softly, "Are you my
slave now."
	She sobs out, chin quivering, and leans into him.  "Oh yes Master,
please, i am your slave, i am for you.  I need to be Master as much as i need to
breath."
	"And what if i wish to continue beating you?"
	"Then i beg you with everything inside me to beat me until your arm
aches.  This body is yours to take and hurt as you please and in that i find my
happiness."
	There is truth in her words that reach deep into him, giving him that
warm feeling only she can.  She opens her mouth to speak, but he shakes his
head.  Her mouth closes instantly and he stands up, slipping the belt thru the
hoops of his jeans and walks away.  Her eyes follow him, trembling, unsure, he
knows she fears that he will leave her, that he will turn off the light and go
upstairs.  He'd done it before.  But he doesn't, he returns to her with a bag of
things he had gathered early.  He watches her, knowing the questions in her
mind.  And more questions that would come if she knew of the the muzzle, leash,
dog bowl, newspaper and butt plug; a specially designed butt plug he'd
purchased.  Specially designed because of the actual human hair tail that
matches her own color.   But he has no desire to speak with the slave, he wants
the beast within.  He drops the bag in front of her.  Her eyes wide, flipping
back to him then again to the bag.  He turns it over and dumps the contents
before her.  Her groans fills the room.  He grabs the muzzle and without concern
presses it over her mouth, shoving the bit between her teeth, catching her
tongue and tightening it well at the back of her head.  He watches the fear in
her eyes, so lovely, so intoxicating.  Next comes the plug.  Crouched in front
of her, he picks it up, dangling the long tail in front of her eyes.  Taunting
her how it matches the other hair on his pet, his dog.  Telling her how it is
just for her.  Reminding her that all dogs need a tail to wag.  Then he picks up
the lube, squeezing generously.  He takes his time, fingers spreading the globes
slowly, then wrapping his hand around it, stroking it until it glistens, seeing
how her wide eyes follow every movement of his hands. 
	"All right little pet.  Now i will give you your tail.  No sounds from
you except those from the beast i am turning you into.  Do you understand?"
	She nods slowly, unaware that with her mouth muzzled, there is little
else she can do.  He moves behind her and places a hand on her ass cheek. He can
feel the the tremble in her body.  He reaches down with one hand, spreading the
cheeks and places the tip against her ass.  She tenses and he waits, twisting it
but not pushing as she gathers her courage for him.  Then he presses, pushing
until the head of the plug squeezes in.  A whimper fills the air as her body
jerks forward.   Tsk Tsk Tsk.  She know better than that.  He grips the base and
rams it in hard.
	She screams out, her body bucking forward, a howl that vibrates of the
walls.  Her ass burns mercilessly.  He twists it inside her, pressing till it
completely fills her insides as she trembles and writhes before him.  Her ass
bucks back, shaking, wagging and the tail dances for him.  He laughs and smacks
her ass hard.
	"Now wag that tail for me puppy dog."
	Her face burned, but the screaming in her small stretched as urged her
on.  Her hips shake, jerking side to side, the tail flipping from side to side. 
His laughter at her actions only fueling her shame deeper into her, and soon she
is surrendering to it.  Whining like the dog as each wag only taunts her used
asshole.  He laughs again and swats at her ass, driving the heat thru her and
tells her what a good pup she is.   
	He releases the chain that holds her to the ground and attaches the
leash.  A quick yank and she scrambles after him.  There are tears in her eyes,
and her body writhes, but her hands slap down on the cold floor and knees move
quickly.  But not quickly enough.  He stops her trek over back to the few items
left, and picks up the newspaper, rolling it into a tight tube.  Pulling the
leash in one hand and walloping her ass with the rolled up newspaper as she
walks around the room.  After a few circles, he is far from pleased.  So he
drops the newspaper onto a shelf a they pass and grabs a crop.   Slicing it down
instantly to her thighs.  She grunts out around the muzzle, yanking on the
leash, eyes filled with tears.  He wraps the leash around his palm several times
and starts pulling her faster, the crop snapping down to vulnerable flesh and
she scrambles faster and faster as he drives her around the room, listening to
the sobs and whimpers, soon enough the whining of an abused dog.  But he doesn't
stop until her ass it ablaze with stripes, her knees and hands scraped from the
cruel floor and she glistens in sweat.  Only then does he leads her back to the
middle of the room, to the bowl he's left there.  He crouches down, gripping her
cage of the muzzle and pulls her eyes to his.  She's gasping, eyes puffy and
red, whimpering to him for the slightest touch. 
	"Is my little pup thirsty from your little run?"
	She closes her eyes, knowing he will make her drink from the horrid
bowl.  She knows he will make her endure it no matter how embarrassed it makes
her.  And she knows she has no choice.  So she nods her head, her throat
parches, exhausted, feeling weak within his control.
	"Speak, if you are thirsty, pup."
	She shudders in shame, but doesn't hesitate.  Knowing what he wants and
she barks out 3 times. 
	He smiles and unclasps the muzzle, sliding it off.  She roles her jaw,
stretching out the misery the bit had inflicted, swallowing several times to wet
her tongue, licking her dry lips.  He places the bowl on the floor and stands
up.
	"Oh dear, pet.  I forgot the water.  I guess we are going to have to
improvise."
	Confused, she looks up in time to see his exposed cock and the stream of
piss as it shoots out to the bowl.  She sobbed out like the beast.  But he
didn't want to speak with the beast.  He wanted her lower. 
	The stream shoots out, splashing into the bowl before her.  The beast
turns her head away as the vapors billow up, invading her nostrils.  Drops
splash out to the floor, bouncing off the bowl, spraying at her flesh a bit. 
She pulls back, only to feel the tug of the collar, realizing her still holds
the leash.  The cannot back away, she cannot get away, there is no escape from
the beast.  The the stream slows he steps closer to her, grabbing her hair and
yanking her face up to his.  there is laughter in his eyes, a grin on his face
as he shakes out the last few drops to her face.  Her eyes snap shut as the red
fills her face, feeling less to him than any animal.  Her soul screaming out, a
burst of something inside, perhaps pride, the last of her pride, fighting to
save her and she yanks her head back, ripping out of his grasp.
	But instead of being angry, he laughs. 
	"Awww, does the little bitchpuppy not want her drink?"
	Her head shakes, why she doesn't speak out to him, refuse him, something
that denotes her humanity she will ponder for months after.  Instead, her head
shakes and she yanks back, growling to him as she pulls against the leash he
holds in his hand.  She gets nowhere, he only coils the leash tight around his
palm until his fist is at her neck.  He pulls her eyes to his, lowering down and
glares into her eyes.   
	"You will deny me nothing, fuckbeast.  You will endure it, and because
you so badly behaved, you will show me how badly you ache for it."
	She sobs out, forgetting herself and yanks again, jerking and crying,
whimpering and fighting.  Her knees forcing back, trying to rip away from a grip
that doesn't even budge with her efforts.  He pulls down his first, yanking her
upper body lower and re-attaches the one foot thick chain, locking her to the
floor.  He removes the leash and tosses it over into a corner.  She stops her
struggle, no jerking, just a strong pull against the chain, only to feel the
collar pulling painfully at the back of her neck. 
	He uses he foot and slowly pushes the dog bowl across the cement floor,
the scraping fighting to e heard over her ragged breath.  Her eyes following it
all the way until it is on the floor before her.  she swallows hard, her eyes
turning away.
	He crouches beside her and gentle brushes the hair from her face. 
	"There, there. pet.  You could have done this the easy way.  But now you
will do it the fun way.  Well, fun for me, at least."
	Her shoulders droop, feeling the futility of any battle that crossed her
mind, feeling his strength in the gentle caresses as much as she would any
strike of a belt and she cries softly.  Her eyes flicker to the bowl, nostrils
stinging in the scent, stomach churning.  She closes her eyes and whimpers out
all the dread and fear that growls deep in her gut.
	He leans in and whispers to her, ever so softly, almost lovingly.  "You
came to me as my woman, and i stripped that layer from you as i would an onion. 
You suffered the pain as my slave, but i stripped that layer away as well.  You
turned into an animal for me.  A lowly animal who crawls and whimpers and wags
it's tail."
	He pauses, feeling her body shivering next to him.  His words sinking
in, feeding her, finding that place inside he reaches out to.  She sobs softly,
feeling her resolve fading away with each word, knowing she will be whatever he
turns her into, that she will suffer him, endure him, endure almost anything for
him and shuddering, wondering where it will end, what will be left of her when
he is done with her. 
	"Do you want to drink from the bowl, little pet?"
	Her head shakes frantically, fear gripping her throat, her mind silently
screaming that she can't do this, she can't!  Trembling hard, but her words come
out as whimpers.  Her humanity is gone, she could not even speak at that moment
even if he allowed it.
	She never saw the smile that curled is lips as he saw how much she would
hate this, her dread almost visible. 
	"But you will drink from your bowl, pet, you will cease being an animal
and become a piss drinking piece of fuck meat.  You will lap it up and do it
with enthusiasm."
	Her head just hung, crying, feeling his words, knowing exactly what she
was to him.  His voice lowers even softer, his words barely a whisper as his
lips tickle against her ear, sending warm breath to taunt at her flesh.  "And
you will cum like a piss hungry piece of shit while you lap up my piss."
	She sobs out, but before she could do any more, his hand slide between
her thighs, finding her wetness there.  She groans, her face turning beat red,
crimson even, a shame beyond anything she has felt this night burning thru her
body as he finds her secret.  The secret he already knew, the secret he has
always known, that only in his use, his abuse, her suffering to him, the shame,
the degradation, does she find her true place, her true happiness. When her
facades are ripped away, when she lives for her pleasure, only then does her
cunt drip.   He slaps her thighs, "Open, piss whore."
	Her thighs spread, her dripping sex open to him and his fingers play
with the clit.  The clit already pressing out past the hood, hard and throbbing. 
Before long, her hips are twisting slightly, back arching, grinding her cunt
against his touches.  His other hand grips a handful of hair and shoves her head
down.  There is resistance but she lowers slowly.  Her belly twists as her mouth
nears the bowl.  Inches from it, her resistance increases, whimpering faster,
harder, panic overwhelming her.  His hand pulls from her cunt and slams into her
already welted ass, driving the plug deeper into her.
	She yelps out, body jolting forward and her face drops into the bowl. 
Piss splashing into her face, seeping between her lips.   Before she has a
chance to pull back, his hand slaps in again and again, the pain searing across
her ass, body jolting and bucking, her tail twitching, wagging.
	"Drink, pisswhore!  Lap it up!"
	She cries out, her tongue lapping out, choking hard, her belly retching
hard as she drinks down her first mouthful of piss.  His hand keeps slapping in,
right cheek, left, back and forth, driving her mouth back to lap up more and he
watches as her tongue flicks at the now cold putrid urine.  He stops slapping,
long enough to grab the tail of her plug.  He twists it hard in her.  She growls
out loudly into her bowl.
	"Suck it like the eager piss drinker you are, fuckmeat."
	She howls out, tears blinding her, spilling out to the bowl, mingling
with the piss. Her lips curling up, and dipping down, sucking hard as her
stomach churns violently, gulping down mouth after mouth.  Lost in the misery as
he starts pumping the plug in and out of her ass.  Her body writhes before him
loosing herself in the pain and degradation.  Her mind slipping away, leaving
her, mouth filled with his taste, her nostrils flaring, sucking in breath,
burning from the vapors.  She never even notices as the pain in her ass stops,
and his hand slips back under her, between her thighs.  He releases his grip on
her hair and now uses both hands behind her, one on her cunt, three fingers
pushing deep into her, driving a moan out of her soul as she laps at his piss. 
The other slowly pumping at the plug, his eyes never leaving her face as she
laps at the bowl.
	He watches as her struggles change, he can see her sinking into the
creature she is becoming.  Her stomach's retching eases, her belly becoming
adjusted to the taste, her mouth, wet with tears and piss, twisting as she laps
at the bowl, her eyes closed, her thighs wide, back arching as her ass and cunt
thrust back against him.  His thumb finds her clit, driving her juices out,
coating his hand, slithering down her thighs.  Moans seeping out of her as she
gasps between breaths as she drinks. 
	Then he starts talking to her again.  His words so quiet she isn't even
sure if it's him or her own mind, but somehow, she knows everything she is comes
from him, everything inside her belongs to him. 
	"That's a good little piss whore.  Lap it up, drink it down like.  Feel
your body bucking back to my hand as you degrade yourself for me.  Feel your
shame, fuckmeat.  Feel it so deep inside you that you never remember anything. 
Give yourself up and show me exactly how low and pathetic you are.  Show me piss
drinking fuck beast!"
	As he speaks, her body bucks harder into his touches, her tears stream
out continuously, over her shame filled, piss covered face, into the bowl only
to be lapped up and swallowed with his urine.  He could feel her shuddering, her
climax so close, her cunt clenching tight around his fingers.   He pumps his
fingers hard, jamming them in and out, the plug raping her ass as he drives her
deeper, feeling her as putty in his hands, his to torment and use, to abuse in
any way.  Feeling an incredible surge of his own power.  He continues speaking
to her.
	"This entire weekend you will know the shame and horror of being my
urinal, cuntmeat.  To me you will be nothing but 3 holes and a tongue for my
use, and your misery, I will take you when i want, how I want and you will have
no say.  You will feel your place as my animal, my bitch, a living cunt, my
urinal, whatever I please and you will soar in it.  Only when you surrender so
completely that you will never again hold back your mouth when my cock is shoved
into your throat to feed you my piss, when you surrender to the shame of being
taken outside to piss and shit, when you know nothing expect the real purpose of
life is to suffer for me, only then will i let you find your way back up to
being a dog, or, if you behave, a human again."
	She moans loud, grunting out as her cunt shoves back, quaking before
him, tears dripping as much as her cunt juices, the piss almost gone, her her
tongue dragging against the bowl as the laps of the last of it.  He barks out to
her. 
	"Cum for me, you piss licking animal!"
	And with that, her soul sinks to that final degradation, her body
shudders and her head snaps back, pull piss covered lips wide as she howls out,
her body shuddering hard, rockets of electricity shooting thru her, pumping back
as the climax trembles thru her again, howls, animal like howls.  She stiffens
hard, every muscle clenched, ever fibre alive, drooling, shivering as she
writhes and twists lewdly, feeding her cunt on his hands as she cums.
	He rubs pounds her cunt with his fingers as she rides it out, then grabs
her hair, yanking her back to fall into him and shoves his fingers into her
mouth.  Lost in the lust, in that deep place he has sent her, her lips wrapping
tight, suckling hard on his fingers.  He feeds her own tastes as he pulls her
into him, holding her tight as her body rakes in sobs and aftershocks of her
climax.   Shame burning so deep in her, his gift of misery.   He smiles down to
her, a smile she cannot see thru clenched eyes and kisses her softly on her
forehead. 
	Her weekend had just begun. 




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  rebel


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





