BDSM Library - Two Girls Team Up




Two Girls Team Up
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Eric finds himself in a tight situation when two of his friends, Jane and Lauren, discover that he has some dirty little secrets.
Two Girls Team Up


        I was afraid this might happen.......why couldn't I just let it go?  I
created this prison long before they came along....I should never have opened my
mouth, nor left so many trails behind......I miss my life, my friends, and my
freedom............Everyday I lose more control......everyday they learn more
about me and use it to their advantage....they have mastered the art of
seduction and betrayal..........I have really become a slave.......

	It all started with my own hands.... I was sitting in front of the
computer browsing through Female Domination websites, searching for a fix.  I
had an idea to start writing my own web page that would provide any woman Step
by Step instructions to exploit a mans submissive fantasies.  I was aroused the
entire time that I typed.  Before I knew it I was on my seventh page.  I saved
the document to my file folder, brought myself to an incredible orgasm, and went
to sleep.  About a week later I printed it out and read over it.  It was then
that I realized how dangerous the information could be if the wrong woman were
to read it.  It was a basic blueprint to my uncontrollable fantasy of female
domination.  I had held nothing back.  I explained how deeply rooted and
engraved these thoughts had become after the 15 or so years I thought about it. 
I explained in detail how I was mainly aroused by the thought of being lured
into an inescapable trap or predicament by a deviant woman.  I even explained
how a woman could use her body to mesmerize and distract me from the logic of
what she was doing.  This was dangerous information, something that should be
left within my head.  So I immediately deleted it from my computer.  However I
decided to keep the print out so that I could use it to arouse myself when I
jerked off.  I kept it in between my mattress for safekeeping.
     	I had been sleeping with this girl Jane on and off for a few months. 
She was obsessed with me, but I had no interest in her further than sex.  She
was a legal assistant and a bit loony.  I had convinced her to tie me up a time
or two, but she never quite got into it or understood it.  She wasn't a
supermodel either.  She was skinny, with red hair, small tits and long seductive
legs.
	I was friends with another girl, Lauren that was 31 and modeled for
various porn and fetish magazines.  She was about 5' 10" with blond hair and a
curvatious, voluptuous all American kind of figure.  We had been friends for a
long time, however I was reluctant to ever tell her about my fantasies because
she was such a close friend.   On several occasions I had aided in putting her
into bondage for some of her photo shoots.  It wasn't long before I was trying
to convince her that we could get a camera and start our own web site.  Maybe
even get a digital camera for short streaming videos.  She was very interested
so we began to do some research.  We convinced Jane to do some shots for
armature sections in some magazines.  Soon, Lauren was persuading me to do the
same for a few fetish magazines so that we could make some fast cash.  Jane and
Lauren were becoming quite close since we were always together working on our
new idea.
	One night we had all gone out drinking and returned to my Apt.  Lauren
decided to go home, so Jane and I began to fool around.  I was pretty drunk and
horny and I was trying to get her to tie me up again.  She wasn't in the mood to
play games so I decided to show her exactly how much control she has at her
fingertips by showing her my entire paper.  She read it while I was in the
bathroom.  When I came out, she was just sort of staring at the floor with the
papers turned over beside her.  I asked her if something was wrong.  She looked
up and assured me that nothing was wrong.  At this point I just wanted to have
sex. I thought maybe she thought I was weird or something. So I just had sex
with her and went to bed.
	In the morning I went out to the kitchen and found Lauren was already
there with Jane eating breakfast.  We gathered our film and cameras to go to
Jane's house.  She had a nice two bedroom outside of the city.  We did most of
our shoots there since it was nicer than Laurens apartment or mine.
	Once we arrived at her house, Lauren started to take out all of the
fetish and bondage gear we had in the closet.  Jane suggested that we do my
shoots that day since I had been putting it off for so long.  I tried to shrug
it off again, but I was just out voted.
	
	Lauren and Jane positioned me on the floor in the middle of the
basement.

          " Do you have any Ideas?" Jane asked me.  She exchanged a strange
smile with Lauren.
	I hesitated for a minute, realizing how awkward they had been towards me
all morning.  It seemed as if they were kind of ignoring me all morning.  Every
time I would walk into a room they would stop talking as if I had interrupted
some private conversation. My heart started to race as I suddenly remembered
showing Jane what I had written while I was drunk last night.  In fact, I didn't
remember putting it away, nor did I see it on the table in the morning.
           "ummm, I'm not sure" I said as I moved over to the couch.  " Maybe we
could take some action pictures of me tying one of you two up."
    	
 	Jane nodded her head and went over to Lauren and whispered something
into her ear.  I still wasn't convinced that Jane hadn't said anything to Lauren
or shown her, so I was hoping they would agree to my idea just incase.

	Deep down inside, I could feel the excitement that was growing just
thinking about the two of them dominating me.... But at the same time I was
scared that they would actually start to enjoy it and keep me as a slave.  Yeah,
I thought about being a slave a lot, but I wasn't sure if I could really go
through with it.
	Billions of "what ifs" were running through my head, yet I was becoming
completely aroused.  I looked up from my stare to see Lauren and Jane moving a
coffee table to the center of the room.  Once they had it in position, Jane
began to set up the digital video camera on a Tri-pod.  Lauren went up stairs. 
Now was my chance to ask Jane about the paper.
	"umm Jane" I said in an embarrassed kind of voice. "You didn't tell
Lauren about the thing I wrote did you?"
	She looked over at me and gave me a reassuring look. " Awww, your so
cute" she said. " Did you think I had shown her?  I guess that's why you don't
want to be tied up for this.  Most days you would jump at the opportunity.  I
thought something was up."
	"So you didn't?" I asked again
	" Of coarse I didn't tell her" she replied while getting the ropes,
chains and other props out of the box on the floor.  "I have never told her
about any of the times I tied you to the bed have I?"
	 I shook my head "No, I guess I didn't think about that. It was just
that I shouldn't have even shown you what I had written.  I didn't even remember
that I showed you until a few minutes ago.  I guess I was just freaked out. I
apologize." As far as I knew she wasn't lying. So I began to help her set up.
	A few minutes later, Lauren came down stairs in a little schoolgirl
outfit with her hair in pigtails.  I sort of laughed at myself.  I guess I was
still expecting her to come down in some dominatrix outfit.  "I'm ready master,"
she said with a giggle.  "Your not going to hurt me are you?"
	I felt relieved now that my secret was safe, but now I was mad that I
had not chosen to be tied up.  It would give me an experience that I could jerk
off to later on that night, plus I would have pictures.  "Wait, I'm sorry. I
have another idea." I blurted out. "Maybe I should be the one who gets tied up
for these pictures. We always tie you up."
	"Make up your mind" Lauren said "I'm not going to change outfits all
day"
	"Well, maybe we could have you tie me up in that outfit first." I
suggested,  "It might turn out good.  Then we could do another set in a
different outfit."
	Jane thought it was a good idea.  She suggested that Lauren tie me down
to the coffee table while she went upstairs to get dressed for the next set. 
She explained to us that the new digital video camera could just run while she
was gone.  Then we could go back later and captures stills off of it on the
computer.
	Lauren agreed so I walked over and sat on the coffee table.  Jane set
the camera to record while exchanging a big smile with Lauren.  "Try to make him
completely immobilized." She said as she started to go upstairs. "Do you think
she can Eric?"
           "Probably not " I replied "But I will act completely helpless for the
pictures"

	"Take off all your clothes and lay on your back" Lauren said with a
smile. "I don't get to say that often"
	I sort of hesitated for a second.
	"Its okay, you've seen me naked lots of times. Don't be embarrassed."
Lauren said
	I removed my clothes and laid down on the table.  I felt her begin to
wrap one of my ankles to one of the legs of the coffee table.  "That's a little
tight," I told her. She really was making it quite tight. She didn't say
anything so I sat up and looked down at her. "Hello, can you here me?" I said
	"Don't be a baby" she said  "Its not like your going to be like this all
day"
	I just shook my head and laid back again.  She proceeds to do the other
leg the same way.  Once she was finished she picked up some more rope and looked
down at me. "I have a good Idea" she said, "This will make some great pictures." 
She moved the camera to a new position then straddled the table and me so that
she was facing my feet. She lifted up her skirt so that I could see her white
cotton panties and sat right on my chest draping the back of her skirt over my
face. " Wow, you certainly responded well to that," she said as she watched my
dick harden.
	 I was in heaven.  I could feel her wrapping the rope around my stomach
and the table. I actually started to imagine that she had read my paper.
Thinking of all the things she would do to me.
	She stood up a minute later swung her leg over and looked down at me
again. "I'm getting the feeling that you must like this a little," she said.
"Your dick is hard as a rock."
	"I think any guy would be turned on if some girl was sitting on his
chest while his head was under her skirt." I said.
	She bent down to tie my wrist to the coffee table making quick work of
both of them. "How's that? She asked as she stood up. "Can you get out? I've
never done this before."
	I tugged at the bonds and really tried to get out but I found that I
could barley move at all. "Nope." I responded, "You're a natural. It's a little
too tight though.
	"Deal with it" she said with a smile "This IS your fantasy right?"
	I felt my heart jump in my chest. "What do you mean?" I asked
	"Well Jane and I were eating breakfast this morning and I started
reading your little paper you had written. You should have never let her see
that you know.  She is so infatuated with you that she would do anything to keep
you around.  Didn't you know that?"
	"It was just a thing I wrote for a web site" I said, " It was fiction,
your just fucking with me aren't you?"
	She started to laugh, "awww you look scared.  Should I untie you?"
	" Yes, please, this has me a little freaked out."
	"Let's wait until Jane comes back down. You can ask her to untie you. 
In fact, let me go get her."  She turned and went quickly upstairs laughing.
	I felt for the first time complete and total terror.  I couldn't believe
this was actually happening. The worst part was that I didn't have to be at work
for another few days and nobody else knew where I was. I started to try
franticly to get myself loose. After a few minutes I gave up.  They left me down
there for some time.  I was beginning to go insane.  Soon I heard both of them
giggling as they came down the stairs.
	"Eric, Eric, Eric...... You poor pathetic fool." Jane said. "Of coarse I
didn't TELL Lauren, I let her read it for herself."  They walked over to me and
stood on either side looking down.  They were both dressed in Jeans and
T-shirts. Lauren and I thought that it was time for you to live out your dreams.
We could use a good slave anyway"
	"This is a joke right" I blurted out " You can't really keep me forever"
	Lauren bent down and picked up a ball gag that she had placed next to
me. "If you truly believe that, why are you so scared? We have you now. You
can't escape and it's about time we shut you up. OPEN UP!"
	I tried to resist but Jane grabbed my balls and gave them a hard
squeeze. I opened my mouth and Lauren put the gag on and locked it with a pad
lock. "Get used to the way this gag feels, because you will be wearing one most
of the time now." She looked over at Jane and they both started to laugh
hysterically.
	"Look at the fear in his eyes." Jane said,  "His eyes will tell us
everything we need to know.  I've been waiting for this day for a long time." 
Jane crouched down and looked into my eyes as she stroked my hair.  Lauren
crouched down as well shaking her head with a smirk on her face. Jane started to
explain to me how long they have been planning for this.  "You see Eric.....When
you asked me to tie you up the first time I thought you were a bit strange but I
figured I'd give it a try.  I remember looking down at you after I was finished
tying you down and feeling this incredible rush.  I remember thinking of all
kinds of things I could do to you.  I loved the control."
	"She called me the next day to tell me" Lauren interrupted  " God, when
was that? Almost a month ago I think.  Anyway, she was so excited about what had
happened that we started joking about how we could use this against you.  When
Jane came over that night we looked up some web sites that featured Women in
Control and started to talk more seriously about trying to really make you our
slave."
	"See Eric, we've been poking around at your house and on your computer
for a few weeks now." Anne said with a menacing smile on her face. "It didn't
take us long to figure out how pathetic you were. We found magazines, Videos,
and printed stories from Internet sites. All of them were about men in
situations much like the one your in right now. When you showed me that paper
you wrote, I thought to myself this boy is SOOOO fucked and he doesn't have a
clue. Poor, poor, pathetic, slave."
	
	I felt a lump in my throat, my heart was racing and my stomach was
saturated with that feeling you get as you start to go down the biggest drop of
a rollercoaster. When you think to yourself  "I know I got on this ride and I
can't turn back but, Holy Shit! I hope I don't die".. I felt panic, adrenalin,
desire and fear combine inside. They can't be serious. And why is my dick HARD!
 	They started to feel all over my body, looking at each other and
giggling.  Lauren whispered something in Jane's ear and they both nodded.  They
stood up and picked up some of there things.  "Well, we're going up stairs for
the night. I hope you will be ok down here. Well, leave the light on so you
don't get too scared.  Were also going to leave the camera on so we can monitor
you from up stares.  Did Jane tell you about our new web site?"  I shook my head
no. "Jane, you didn't tell him?"
     	"I'm sorry. It must have slipped my mind. It's called OurStupidSlave.com
and you're the star!  Cyber Space is the only other place you will exist outside
of this house until we completely destroy the man you were before you came into
this basement. Your financial life, your personal life, and your mind are all
going to get fucked. And you will still beg us to fuck you." Jane said
pretending to feel sorry for me.  They both turned around and started up the
stairs.
	"Don't go any where." Lauren said as she turned around at the top
laughing. "I'm sure your mind will do plenty of walking for you tonight." Then
she closed the door.
	She was right; I could barely keep up with all of the thoughts and
questions running through my head. It was maddening. The only thing that I was
totally sure of was that I wanted to have my hands free to jerk off. I knew at
that point just how powerless I was to my own sexual desires...If they really
wanted to enslave me, they would succeed. 	




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mind Prison


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





