BDSM Library - Camping With My Master




Camping With My Master
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Dominant man takes his submissive slave on a camping trip with him for the weekend.
CAMPING WITH MY MASTER, part 1

by jennifer r.


It was so hard to believe that today was my two month 
anniversary of belonging to my Master, the time had passed 
so quickly.

i smiled as i sat on my heels, kneeling on my Master's cold 
tiled kitchen floor, as he approached me with a yummy 
chocolate cupcake that had a single lit candle in the 
center of it.

"Make a wish jen." said my Master as he held the cupcake in 
front of my face.  i blew a little stream of air and the 
flame flickered out.  i knew exactly what i wished for.  i 
wanted this relationship to go on forever.

As he fed me the cupcake bite by bite from his fingers, my 
Master explained to me that to celebrate our two month 
anniversary, we were going on a camping trip in the 
mountains.  i was so excited to try our relationship 
outdoors, as we had always done everything so far inside 
his house, and this would certainly be something different.

"Are you excited about going camping jen?" he asked as i 
licked my lips clean of the chocolate cupcake icing that 
didn't make it into my little mouth.

"Yes Master." i replied.

"Good.  You deserve a special treat for being such a good 
little slave jen." he said, filling me with pride.

i had met my Master over the Internet of all places, and 
after one month of on-line chatting, and two months of 
phone calls, we decided that we had to meet.  We lived in 
two large Canadian cities that were only three hours apart 
from each other so it was easy to finally meet.

i remember how nervous i was to finally meet my Master in 
person, reminding myself that i had wanted this kind of a 
relationship for years, and that i was no longer going to 
deny my submissive feelings.  i had talked to a lot of 
dominant men on the Internet in the Adult Chat Network, 
trying to separate the possibly dangerous men from the ones 
who were just trying to find someone to play out their 
silly fantasies with, and who were safe.  The Internet was 
a good source for that because it was so nice and 
anonymous, and that if things didn't feel right, you could 
simply turn off your computer and walk away.  i knew 
however in my heart that this was the man i had dreamed of.  
i just knew that it would work.

My Master and i met at a restaurant inside a busy mall in 
my city, and when my eyes found him for the first time, he 
looked exactly like he had in the pictures he had been 
emailing to me.  He was so handsome and was in totally 
wonderful shape.  He stood just over six feet tall and had 
one of those very strong square jaws, and an attractive 
face.  He also had an adorable dimple on his chin.  He had 
an amazing resemblance to Ben Affleck, and i was very happy 
with his appearance.  That was an important thing for me.  
If i was going to give someone control of my body and my 
heart, i wanted it to be to an attractive dominant man.  I 
am very attractive, and men are usually all over me anyway 
no matter where i go, so i wanted to take my time to find a 
man who i was aroused by, and my Master certainly fit that 
category.

i could see the spark in his eyes when he saw me just 
moments later.  i felt a rush of butterflies go through my 
tummy as he started walking up to me.

Our first meeting lasted much longer than we had originally 
planned.  We talked about so many different things, and the 
chemistry was just there, we clicked so magically.  It was 
so hard not to begin my training as a submissive slave that 
day, but we had both vowed that nothing would happen on our 
first meeting until we both consented that our second 
meeting would be the beginning of our relationship.

In the following weeks, we would meet each weekend.  It was 
so difficult trying to explain to my family and friends 
that i would no longer be available from Friday evening to 
Sunday evening, and of course i couldn't tell anyone about 
what i was doing, it was just too embarrassing.  Having 
submissive fantasies was such a private thing for me, and i 
never felt comfortable talking to anyone i knew about them.  
Yet they were so incredibly powerful that nothing would 
stop me from seeking out what i really wanted.  To be used 
as a slave and to belong to a strong man who would know all 
the right things to do.

My Master never disappointed me.  He was much stronger and 
more dominant than i had ever imagined, and he really 
enjoyed pushing my limits, and going far into our 
Master/slave relationship.  Our meetings always took place 
at his house, although knowing i was still in university, 
and was kind of broke, he always paid for the gas to drive 
three hours to his city, and then three hours back.  He 
said that if we were still together in six months that he 
would buy me a new car!

He was a lawyer in a major legal firm, and money was never 
a problem for him.  He really had so many things going for 
him, but the one thing he had been trying for so long to 
find was the right slave for him to dominate.  And it 
worked out so well that i could still remain in university 
and he could work at his business.  But the weekends were 
always ours.

We didn't make love until our forth meeting, and i drove 
home that Sunday evening in more pain than i had ever been 
in.  He was very rough and i was thoroughly whipped as he 
needed to punish me for a task that i couldn't complete 
successfully.  When we made love, his full dominant side 
really came out.  i knew i would be sore for days between 
my legs after that, but as i drove home, i cried tears of 
happiness in that i had found the most perfect man to live 
out my fantasies with.  He was just so wonderful in every 
way, and i knew that i was falling in love with him.

And that brought us to today.

My Master supervised as i packed up his car with all of the 
camping supplies he had prepacked before i had arrived this 
Friday evening.  He always had me doing work for him.  One 
afternoon, in the hot summer sun, he made me dig up his 
entire garden, completely nude.  That night i was sunburned 
and my muscles were so sore as i had never worked that hard 
in my life.  But i loved every second of it.  i loved that 
feeling of being ordered around and not being able to make 
my own decisions anymore.

He drove us out to the mountains, which were only about an 
hour from his house.  I sat in the passenger seat, as he 
told me that we were going to be camping in a secluded 
campground in Banff.  My Master explained to me that we 
would be doing a lot of hiking in some very secluded woods, 
so that the chances of seeing someone would be very rare, 
and that i could expect to be without clothes for most of 
the weekend.  i was glad that it was a nice mid September 
day, with temperatures in the low 20s, so at least i 
wouldn't be chilly.

"We'll be there in forty five minutes jen.  I want you to 
take off your t-shirt, lay on your back, put your head in 
my lap, look up at me, put your hand in your panties and 
play with yourself.  Understand?" my Master asked sternly.

"yes Master." i replied as i pulled my t-shirt up over my 
head, carefully peeking around to make sure that there 
weren't any other vehicles near us on the highway.  All i 
had left on me was a pair of khaki hiking shorts, white 
socks and running shoes.  It felt so strange to not have 
anything above.

i submissively laid down on my back, placing my head 
between my Master's belly and the steering wheel, looking 
up at his smiling face.  i had to undo the button of my 
shorts and unzip the zipper so that i could slip my right 
hand inside my panties to my already sticky lips.  it was 
so amazing how i could always be in a constant state of 
arousal just being with him.  i started to rub my lips and 
my clit with two fingers as he commanded me to.

"You're such a horny little slut, aren't you jen."

"Yes Master." i replied, as i did not take my eyes off of 
him, as he had ordered me to.  He steered his car with his 
left hand and used his right hand to play with my breasts 
and my nipples while i played with myself.  i had always 
been self-conscious of my breasts because of their small 
size.  i used to be teased in high school because i was 
always the smallest one in class.  i had hoped that one day 
i would have a late growth spurt and that i would become 
taller and more curvier, but it never happened.  And now at 
25, i had the same petite body i had at 18.  i was only 5 
foot 1 tall, and my breasts were still 32a, but my Master 
never judged me on them, and he always let me know how much 
he loved them.

i started to moan and push my hips off of the seat a little 
as i rubbed my clit and my now slimy pussy lips.  My Master 
started to pinch and tug on my now pointy nipples, looking 
down to make sure that i was still watching him.  i was 
making some little noises now as the pain from my nipples 
and the pleasure coming from my hips was filling my mind 
with sensation.

Every once in a while, a large truck would pass the right 
side of the car, and a trucker would have a perfect view of 
my half naked body laying sluttily over the front seat.  i 
totally blushed as i would peek over to see if someone was 
looking at me, and sure enough they were.  i darted my eyes 
back up at my Master, and listened to several horns honking 
throughout the car trip.

"Take your hand out and let me smell your fingers jen."

"yes Master."  I pulled my hand out my panties and lifted 
my arm up so that my Master could smell my juice coated 
fingers.  He laughed.

"You are always wet down there, aren't you.  Suck off your 
fingers for one minute, then put them back in." my Master 
commanded.

i did as i was told, sucking off the strong tasting juices 
from my two fingers.  My period was due to come next week, 
and my juices always tasted more pungent in the days before 
it came.  After sucking them for what i felt was a little 
more than a minute, i replaced them into my panties, and 
continued to play with myself.

By the time we arrived at the entrance to the park, my 
Master ordered me to sit up straight and to put my t-shirt 
on again.  i did as he ordered, and he paid the fee to 
enter the park.  The sun had just started to set and i knew 
it would be fully dark in less than two hours.  It only 
took about twenty five minutes to pull into the campground 
that my Master wanted to stay at, and i was thankful to see 
that there wasn't anyone in sight, probably for miles.

"We're here jen." he said as he stopped the car.  "The 
first thing i want you to unpack is the lawnchair and the 
cooler.  I am thirsty and I want a beer from it.  I'm going 
to sit and watch you set up camp.  I expect you to have the 
tent set up in exactly half an hour from now or you will be 
punished.  Do you understand jen?"

"Yes Master." i said as i quickly opened up the trunk and 
began pulling out the cooler.  It must have weighed almost 
fifty pounds, and i could barely lift it out of the car.  i 
was already out of breath, and there was so much work to be 
done.

Finding the lawn chair, i unfolded it and brought it over 
to where my Master was standing.  i placed it behind him, 
and handed him the cold beer he had wanted.

"Stop jen." said my Master.  "I want you to take off your 
t-shirt and your shorts now.  You can finish your work 
wearing only your panties, your socks and your tennis 
shoes."

"yes Master." i replied.

With the sun beginning to set, the warm afternoon air was 
quickly beginning to cool into a typical fall evening.  I 
pulled off my t-shirt again and then stepped out of my 
shorts, which was difficult because my shoes had to pass 
through the leg holes.  Now my body was completely exposed 
except for my feet and the tiny area of my front that my 
blue thong panties covered.  i hated wearing thongs as they 
were so uncomfortable.  They always managed to dig really 
far up into my little butt behind me, and walking in them 
felt so strange.  However, my Master made it clear from our 
first meeting that he wanted me to wear them always when we 
were together, and we went out to buy an entire set of 
thong panties for me.

"Excellent jen.  You are so fucking hot.  Now come here, 
and let's see if your cunt is still hot." said my Master.

"Yes Master." i replied as i walked over to him.  He pulled 
my panties to the side around my crotch and began to molest 
my pussy lips, causing me to moan and squirm.

"You're still pretty hot down there.  This should cool you 
off a little." said my Master as he took his ice cold beer 
can and placed it directly on my outer pussy lips.  i 
whimpered as the cold beer can sent shivers up and down my 
body, causing little goosebumps to pop up all over my skin.  
He held it there for about thirty seconds before he took it 
away and then pulled my panties out, letting them snap back 
at my pussy, making me jump.

"There.  Now I'm going to sit here and drink my beer.  
Start unpacking the camp jen, you only have twenty five 
minutes left before i have to punish you."

"Yes Master."

Quickly, i began taking several items out of the trunk.  As 
i began to unpack the tent, finding a nice clearing for the 
base of it to go, i wondered if i was the only woman in the 
world to be setting up a tent almost completely naked.  As 
i spread out the tent bottom, i made sure to squat and bend 
over lewdly, knowing that my Master would like seeing me in 
erotic positions.  i worked quickly, not wanting to be 
punished.  My Master was really dominant when it came to 
punishments, and it was during them that my limits for pain 
was really tested.  Although i didn't really like how the 
severe pain felt on and in my body that he sometimes caused 
me, it still aroused me completely, because i was not in 
control of what was happening, and that i couldn't have 
stopped him even if i wanted to.  My Master did not want to 
use safe words, something i had read a lot about in my 
research about dominant submissive relationships, because 
he was looking for complete control based on trust.  And i 
trusted my Master completely, even when i was totally 
frightened of him.  This was not a game to him at all, but 
a serious relationship.  There were times when his 
seriousness about all this scared me.  But i wanted this so 
much and loved the feelings i would have inside me just 
knowing that i came into this by choice, but that my choice 
meant i lost all control over anything that happened.

The tent was not easy to set up as i was not very good at 
camping.  Some mosquitoes were starting to come out now, 
and they were annoying me as they buzzed around me, trying 
to bite me, which was very easy as i had so much skin 
exposed to them, but it only made me work quicker than 
ever.  If i moved around quickly, they didn't have time to 
land.  i finally was able to get all of it standing as i 
finished hammering the stakes into the ground.  There!  i 
finished.  i know i must have been very close to the half 
hour time limit, but since my Master didn't say anything to 
me, i assumed i was ok.

"Very good slave." said my Master coldly.  "With the 
exception that you are one and a half minutes over the time 
limit."

My heart totally started beating so fast and my tummy sunk.

"But...but..." i started to say, but then i quieted down, 
knowing that there was nothing i could really say.  i 
failed in the task that my Master had set out for me.

"You will be punished for that later slut.  For now, I want 
you to finish putting the sleeping bag inside the tent, and 
getting out the cooking supplies.  I'm hungry and I want 
dinner served in the next hour."

"Yes Master." i said, feeling nervous about what punishment 
i was going to receive.  i knew it would hurt so much, it 
always did.

Finishing up the inside of the tent, i zipped it up so that 
any bugs wouldn't be able to get inside, and then i started 
to prepare the food supplies that my Master wanted.  There 
were now more mosquitoes buzzing around me and i had been 
bitten several times, despite moving even more quickly.  It 
got to the point that if i didn't move my head, i would 
hear an annoying little bzzzzzzzing sound by my ears, and i 
would shake my head back and forth, causing my long hair in 
my ponytail to go swat around the sides of my neck.  
Finally, i couldn't take it anymore, those mosquitoes were 
driving me crazy.

"Ummmm, Master?  Can i put my shirt back on?  i am getting 
bitten by mosquitoes." i asked.

i watched as my Master instantly stood up, walked over to 
me, and grabbed me by my ponytail, pulling me harshly down 
to my knees into the dirt.  i gasped from the rough 
movement of my body being jerked downwards and then cried 
out in pain as my Master slapped my breasts with the palm 
of his hand, two times on each breast.  He then let me go, 
and i instantly moved my hands up to rub my sore stinging 
boobs.  i knew better than to ask a question, and i knew i 
deserved what happened to me.

"Do I give a flying fuck whether or not you're getting 
bitten slut?  I gave you an order and i expect you to get 
that order done without whining.  Is that clear?"

"Yes Master!" i replied enthusiastically as i quickly 
turned back to my job, feeling my breasts still stinging 
from being slapped.  The mosquitoes were still annoying me, 
but i found that if i kept in a constant state of movement, 
then they wouldn't have the opportunity to land.  As i 
finished, i saw my Master putting mosquito repellent on his 
cheeks, his neck and his hands, which were the only parts 
of his body exposed to the outside air.  i was practically 
naked!

"i'm finished Master, but i don't know how to start a fire 
to cook dinner Master." i said, hoping he wouldn't punish 
me for not knowing something.  He was always very fair, and 
only punished me when i deserved it.

"That's fine jen.  You must not be much of a camper, eh?" 
chuckled my Master.  "I'm going to teach you how so that 
you can make dinner for us tomorrow night.  Turn on the 
portable lamp so we have a bit more light here, it's 
getting hard to see."

"Yes Master."  i turned on the camping lamp which gave out 
enough light for my Master to begin starting the fire.   i 
placed it down beside him, and then watched him.  As he 
started the fire, i continued to swat those nasty little 
mosquitoes away from me and fidgeted from side to side, 
feeling like they were going to drive me crazy.  They 
weren't bothering my Master of course, but they were 
starting to get all over me, and i was having a much harder 
time keeping them from biting me.

My Master noticed my fidgeting and he stopped to look up at 
me.

"Slut!  I want you to stop moving around and start watching 
me!  Keep still or I'm going to fucking tie you still.  Is 
that understood?" he said sternly.

"yes Master." i said as i clenched my teeth and watched him 
without moving, hoping that he would quickly finish.  
Mosquitoes were now landing all over me, poking me and 
driving me almost insane.  i found that if i shivered a 
little, that they wouldn't be able to fully bite me, but it 
was a great relief when my Master finally finished the fire 
and began heating up some baked beans, some stew and some 
toast in pots on a metal grill over the roaring fire he had 
made.  i was relieved to stand near the heat as i found 
that it totally kept the mosquitoes away of me, even though 
it was uncomfortably hot.  Anything was better than those 
pesky mosquitoes.

"Now that is how you build a fire jen.  After we eat, we're 
going to clean up everything so a hungry bear doesn't come 
snooping around in the middle of the night, and then we're 
going inside, we have a busy day ahead of us tomorrow, and 
I want to wake up early."

"Yes Master."  i hadn't even thought about bears until now, 
that was a scary thought.

"Now, while supper cooks, I want to take care of your 
punishment, and then we can eat." said my Master with an 
evil smile in his face.

My heart sunk at that thought, i was almost hoping he had 
forgotten about that, but he was far too intelligent to 
ever do that.

"Or do you think those bites all over your back and legs 
are punishment enough?  Tell me jen." asked my Master.

i had been in this situation before, and knew better than 
to try and barter with my punishments, so i answered my 
Master by saying: "No Master, i deserve to be punished for 
not setting up the tent on time, and the mosquito bites are 
not a part of that punishment i deserve Master."

Wow, if my friends ever heard what just came out of my 
mouth, they would be shocked!  i am not very submissive at 
all in my everyday life, and would never show my submissive 
nature to anyone that i know.  But here, it was so easy, 
and it felt so natural, so right.  i loved this situation 
and thanked God that i finally was doing something about 
it.  It took me five or so years of procrastinating until i 
realized that this was my destiny, and was the only way to 
satisfy my submissive desires.  Reading dirty stories on 
the Internet just wasn't doing anything for me anymore.

"Good girl slave." said my Master as i watched him taking 
the belt out from around his pants.

"I want you to stand with your legs about three feet apart.  
You will place your hands behind your head and bend 
forward.  I think you deserve ten hits with the belt.  Do 
you agree jen?" my Master asked coldly.

"Yes Master." i said as i assumed the position he commanded 
of me.  i tensed up my body, waiting for him to hit me, 
knowing how much it always hurt when he used his belt on 
me.  It left big red welts that took two or three days to 
completely vanish, and sometimes left some very light 
bruises.  i knew i should have worked harder to finish my 
task on time, so i knew that this was rightly my fault, and 
that i deserved to be hit with his belt.

SWAT!

i cried out in pain as i felt my Master's belt hit my poor 
little butt cheeks so hard that i stepped forward, before 
quickly stepping back into position.  Oops.

"That one doesn't count jen.  You know better than that.  
Don't move this time!" said my Master sternly as i prepared 
myself for the next hit, feeling my poor butt totally 
stinging.

SWAT!

i cried out again but this time i didn't dare move my feet, 
i just flinched and shook my body a little, trying to cool 
down the severe pain that i felt on my butt cheeks.

SWAT!

i cried out again as this one hit my thighs, just under 
where my butt rounded off.  Oh my God, it hurt so much, but 
there wasn't any way i was going to move again.

SWAT! 

The third hit was almost exactly on the place where the 
first two had hit, and it stung three times harder than the 
first ones did.  The pain was radiating from my sore butt, 
and i knew i was going to be feeling this all night.

SWAT!

SWAT!

SWAT!

i came so close on the sixth hit to turning around and 
begging my Master not to finish.  His leather belt was 
really pounding my little butt cheeks and i was almost in 
tears, trying to control the pain that i felt in my body.  
i think my Master sensed that, because the seventh hit came 
over my back.

SWAT!

The change of location startled me, but it was actually a 
relief that it didn't hit my butt again.

SWAT! 

This one landed on my thighs again, oh my God, i felt so 
slutty letting a man do this to me, and actually wanting 
it.

SWAT!

Another hit on my thighs, and i was so grateful that there 
was only one more to go.

SWAT! 

"Noooooooooo!" i shouted out as the tenth and last hit was 
the hardest one yet, and it was back on my little butt!  i 
knew my Master had put his entire arm strength into that 
one, he just had to because it felt like it cut my skin 
open.

My hands instantly flew to my butt and i started to rub it 
over and over, trying to spread the pain away from that 
concentrated area in my poor little bottom.

"Very good jen.  You took that well.  Now I'm sure that the 
next time I tell you to do something, you will accomplish 
it ON TIME!"

"yes Master." i said as i returned to my position by the 
fire, scratching away at three new mosquito bites that some 
opportunistic mosquitoes made when i remained still to take 
my punishment.

i watched my Master finish cooking the food, and i was so 
happy to get to eat as i was starving, but also freezing 
now, and i knew the food would make me feel warmer inside.  
My Master filled his plate with a heap of stew and beans, 
and two and a half pieces of buttered toast.  My plate 
consisted of a little helping of each, and a half piece of 
toast.  He placed it on the ground, and i assumed my 
position on my hands and knees, bending my upper body and 
my shoulders down to start eating my food using only my 
mouth, like a dog.  My Master never allowed me to eat food 
with my fingers, he enjoyed watching me eat this way.

After we finished, i felt so much better to have something 
inside my tummy.  My Master drank down another beer as he 
watched me put the fire out and clean up all of the 
remaining food and items around the campsite.  Once 
everything was safely put away back into the car, i 
returned to my Master to see what he wanted to do.

"Ok jen.  Now, we are going to go to bed because tomorrow, 
we have a forty kilometer hiking trip i want to take you 
on.  It's not an easy hike, we'll be going up about two 
thousand vertical feet and over some very rough terrain, 
and through some deep thick bush.  You of course will be 
completely naked throughout our hike, with the exception of 
your shoes and socks and a thong.  Oh yes, you will also be 
carrying the backpack for us, after all, I don't want to 
become tired during this hike.  I'll make sure it only 
weighs about twenty pounds or so for you.  You're in great 
shape jen, so I know that you and your sexy little legs can 
handle this.  If you start to slow down, I'll attach clips 
to your nipples and pull you along like a dog.  Is that 
clear?"

"Yes Master." i replied, taking in everything my Master 
told me.  How was i going to be able to carry a twenty 
pound backpack for forty kilometers?  I only weighed about 
95 to 98 pounds and though my legs were in good shape from 
running, i didn't know if i would be able to manage 
carrying such a heavy load for so long, especially if we 
were going to be going up the side of a mountain.  And what 
if we ran into some people?  How would i react to someone 
seeing me like that up close?  So many thoughts ran through 
my mind, as my Master led me towards the tent.

"Now, for sleeping arrangements.  I only packed one 
sleeping bag jen.  Who do you think should get it?"

Obviously i knew what the answer needed to be.

"You should Master." i said, wondering what that meant for 
me.

"That's right jen.  Now that leaves you with three options 
as I see it.  The first option is that you could sleep on 
the floor of the tent next to me.  Option number two is 
sleeping in the car.  And of course, there's always 
sleeping outside on the ground, although it's supposed to 
drop to around freezing tonight.  What do you prefer jen?" 
asked Master, waiting for my response.

Oh my God, there was no way i would survive being outside 
any longer with these horrid little insects buzzing all 
around me.  i just had to convince him to let me inside the 
tent with him.

"Oh Master, i love being around you, please allow me to 
sleep inside the tent with you."

"But jen, you seem to have made so many new friends out 
here.  Are you sure you don't want to continue to get 
acquainted with them?" 

i knew my Master was just toying with me.

"Oh but Master, i have so many bites already, and i want to 
be near you all the time, please let me stay inside the 
tent with you tonight, please Master." i begged.

"Well alright.  That is so sweet of you to want to be with 
me.  Get in the tent jen." he replied, causing me to exhale 
a sigh of relief.  i unzipped the tent and crawled in.  It 
wasn't a very big tent, but at least i was away from those 
horrible bugs.  My Master climbed in behind me, carrying 
the portable lamp, and zipped the tent closed.

"Take off your shoes, your socks and your thong jen, I feel 
like fucking the shit out of you right now." he said to me 
as he started to undress.

"Yes Master." i replied as i did what he wanted me to.  i 
was so ready to have him make love to me, i wanted to feel 
his beautiful penis pumping away inside me.  i loved how 
submissive i felt with him, like i was his own private 
little slave.  Which i was.

After completely undressing, i moved over to my Master, who 
was laying on his back, completely naked.  My eyes traveled 
over his incredibly muscular body.  He was a terrific man 
who totally kept his body in good shape.  His penis was 
about seven inches long when it was all hard and pointy, 
and about two inches thick, it was just perfect, although 
it hurt me so much whenever he forced it inside me, and he 
was never gentle, he liked rough love making.

"Sit on my face slut.  I want to suck your tight little 
pussy for awhile.  Get me hard while I do that." ordered my 
Master.

"Yes Master." i replied as i lifted my leg over his head, 
and lowered myself down onto his face.  The instant his 
tongue made contact with my pussy lips, i just melted, 
loving how he would eat me out.  i hate when men eat me out 
who have no clue what they are doing, but my Master knew 
exactly how to suction on my clit like a little vacuum and 
nibble on the lips of my pussy so well.  He could always 
make me release, or if he purposely didn't want me to, he 
could always stop at just the right time.  This was a real 
man, not some of the losers i had dated in the past.

i lowered my body over him, feeling my nipples making 
contact with his hairy belly.  i took his penis into my 
fingers and started to play with it.  it is so cute when it 
is kind of all shriveled and tiny.  i am always amazed to 
watch how big they can grow from being so small.

i began licking it all over for him, running my tongue up 
and down the sides of it, and then all around the big top 
part of it with the hole going in it.  My Master had such a 
nice strong sweaty manly taste always, and i loved licking 
his penis knowing how much it made him happy.  Below, i 
could feel my Master roughly licking his tongue all over 
and around my lips, totally making me aroused as he did 
that.  i could feel his face stubble scraping and 
scratching against my inner thighs, but i loved how it 
felt, it just sent shivers up through my back.

i began humping his face back and forth a little, trying to 
direct his tongue towards my clit, needing to feel his 
entire mouth and lips wonderfully sucking and licking me.  
His fingers grasped my butt cheeks, which were still 
painful and tender, and he opened them up so he would have 
better access to licking all the skin around my pussy.  i 
started to moan, and i wiggled my hips even more around his 
face, as the muscles in my tummy began shivering and 
tightening up as i was building up so nicely from him.

After making sure that my Master's penis was completely 
covered in saliva as he liked, and when it was standing up 
all full and pointy, i placed him inside my mouth and took 
it in me as deep as i could without gagging.  i flicked my 
tongue back and forth along the upper side of his penis, 
but it was hard to do as his big thick penis was totally 
pushing my tongue downwards to the bottom of my mouth, 
trying to make room for itself in me.  i squeezed my inner 
cheeks around his penis for him, as i sucked him over and 
over again into my mouth like he was a straw.  i let my 
saliva dribble down the part of his penis that i could 
never fit into my mouth so that i could take my head off 
and lick it back up the length of his tall penis in my 
fingers, and then i would place it back in my mouth to suck 
on some more.  i gently rolled his big hairy balls around 
in my tiny fingers, so happy knowing that there was sperm 
inside them for me.  My Master started pushing one of his 
big thick fingers inside my pussy and he was licking my 
little butt hole with his tongue.  i know he liked that, 
and i kept squishing my juicy pussy against his chin and 
his knuckles while he continued to lick me and helped me 
build up.

We ate each other out for about ten minutes.  My Master 
then pushed me up and off of him, and then directed me to 
climb into the sleeping bag underneath him.

"Yes Master." i said as i excitedly climbed into the much 
warmer air of the sleeping bag, feeling my little mosquito 
bumps all over my back being scratched by the flannel 
material inside.  i was still so itchy but all i could 
concentrate on now was how much i wanted to feel him 
pushing his penis inside my pussy muscles, opening me up 
and pounding me like i knew he would.

Once i was inside, my Master climbed in with me, completely 
covering me.  He weighed more than two times what i did, 
and i felt so aroused having such a big large strong man 
putting his heavy weight onto me while he made love to me, 
it made me feel even more submissive.

"Open your legs slut, I'm going to fuck you now." said my 
Master, and i loved how he just told me straight out what 
he wanted, with harsh words and a strong deep manly voice.  
i just loved him so much and i was so thankful that i met 
him.

Opening my legs apart inside the sleeping bag, i felt my 
Master start to rub his hard penis top over and around the 
lips of my pussy, and i braced myself for the moment i knew 
would come very soon.

"Oooof!" i breathed out as he started pushing his penis 
into me.  It always hurt so much at first as i was being 
opened up by him.  His penis just kind of buried itself 
into me, pushing my pussy apart so roughly, that it burned 
even though i was all wet and slimy inside from being so 
aroused.  i moaned aloud as i ran my fingernails up and 
down the sides of his muscular arms, trying to get adjusted 
to the feeling of such a large strong penis ramming its way 
inside my tight pussy.  It was almost overwhelming to feel, 
but my Master was relentless and never stopped pushing and 
pumping until he was fully buried inside me, all the way, 
my pussy totally stretched around him, making me hurt so 
much.

"How does that feel slut?" my Master asked.

"Good Master!" i replied as i wiggled my butt into a 
position that felt the most comfortable for me, feeling 
that huge bulky feeling inside me, especially around my 
inner lips, where it always hurt the most.  Now my Master 
started pounding his penis into me, hitting the entrance to 
my womb really hard, sending little shocks through my body.  
My Master enjoyed making love very roughly, and i wouldn't 
dream of letting him do that to my body in any other way 
that didn't make him totally happy.

i moaned and pumped up against him as my Master completely 
ravaged my tight pussy with his huge cock.  For five 
minutes, he pounded and pulled away inside me without 
stopping, passionately kissing my lips roughly as i could 
feel his huge body slamming into me over and over again.  
My butt was sore from the whipping, and it burned having it 
pressed so roughly into the sleeping bag, and my breasts 
were sore too being squashed against his muscular chest as 
he did it to me really hard.  i loved how the top side of 
his penis would kind of grind against the bottom of my clit 
while he pumped me.  It was never enough to make me 
release, but it felt so good.  To me, it wasn't important 
whether or not i released, as long as my Master received 
his pleasure.  That was my role in his life.  It wasn't the 
other way around, i existed to serve him.

i heard him starting to breathe kind of funny, and that was 
always the sign that he was about to put his sperm out.

"Oh fuck you little fucking slut, you cheap cunt!" he 
cursed out at me as he pumped deep inside me even harder.  
i loved how he called me such mean, humiliating names, it 
only made me feel more submissive to him.

"I'm going to cum slut!  Get your mouth over here!" he 
ordered as he sat up, unzipping the sleeping bag, and 
allowed me to wiggle free from underneath him, and not a 
moment too soon!  The moment i moved my head towards his 
penis, he unleashed a literal flood of white sperm onto the 
inside of my mouth which i held open as wide as i could.  i 
felt his warm slimy sperm slide all over my tongue and my 
teeth, pooling all over the insides of my cheeks, filling 
every nook and cranny that it could in my mouth.  My Master 
didn't like me swallowing his sperms until he could look at 
it gooped all over the inside of my mouth.  He liked it 
that way, and i was his slave so i did it for him.

i watched as the cute little hole on the top of his penis 
opened up and spurted over and over again towards my mouth.  
I could feel the semen pooling around in my mouth now, and 
i had to breathe through my nose and not swallow for him 
until he finished doing that.

"Oh yes jen, you are my little slave aren't you." he 
groaned, and i nodded in response as i couldn't talk.

"Now let me see, open up for me." he said as he took the 
portable lamp and held it up to my face while i kept my 
mouth open, knowing he could see all of his milky sperm 
floating in my mouth, mixing up with my saliva, covering 
all my bottom teeth.  i felt so slutty when he did this to 
me, and the taste of his cum in my mouth was so strong and 
unmistakable, but i loved it knowing that it came from him, 
and that it was me that brought it out of him.

"Good girl jen.  I pumped a lot of it tonight, I had been 
saving up for you." my Master told me as i felt so proud 
knowing that i was the special slave in his life that he 
had always wanted.  i wiggled my tongue around in the pool 
of sperm in my mouth, keeping my head tilted back so that 
none of it would leak out.  That would certainly get me 
punished, and i didn't want to be sleeping outside.

"Now swallow it." commanded my Master.  i swallowed all of 
his sperm down in about three gulps, with most of it 
sliming down my throat on the first swallow.  i licked my 
lips and the insides of my cheeks to scoop as much sperms 
as i could off of them so i could swallow them too.

"Now clean my cock off with your mouth, I want you to get 
all of your juice off of it." my Master ordered as i 
proceeded to lick him clean, tasting my juices.  i even had 
to clean off his balls as the hair on them was matted down 
from my juices.  Once i had finished completely licking him 
clean, i returned to my sitting position and looked up at 
my Master, still licking my lips clean.

"You are such a slut, do you know that jen?" 

"Yes Master." i replied, smiling at him.  i loved trying to 
get him to smile at me, although he tried so hard not to, 
trying to keep in the role of a dominant Master.  He turned 
his head, and i think i got him to smile, but i wasn't 
sure.

"I'm going to go outside and brush my teeth and take a piss 
and then when I get back, I'll get you ready for bed." said 
my Master as he unzipped the tent.  That reminded me about 
how badly i needed to pee.  My bladder felt like it was 
going to burst open now.

"Master, can i quickly pee too?" i asked.

"Well you can jen, but if you step out of this tent, there 
is no guarantee that you'll be getting back in.  And I have 
the keys to the car." replied my Master.

i knew i would be trying to sleeping tonight needing to pee 
so badly all night, as there was no way i was going to risk 
being put outside with all those mosquitoes.

"i'll stay here Master." i said.

"As you wish." he replied as he went outside to do what he 
needed to do to get ready for bed.  He returned about five 
minutes later with a tote bag in his hands.

"Those mosquitoes are vicious out there jen, it's a good 
thing you're in here, eh?" he asked.

"Yes Master."

"Well, just to make sure you don't go out to play with your 
new friends tonight, I think I'm going to have to tie you 
up while I sleep.  What do you think slave?"

"Yes Master."

"Good.  Now lay on your stomach jen." said my Master and i 
did as he asked.  i felt him grabbing my arms and pulling 
them behind me.  Using two pairs of Velcro handcuffs, he 
handcuffed my left wrist to my left ankle, and my right 
wrist to my right ankle.  i knew that it was going to be 
uncomfortable trying to sleep tonight.  Even worse was the 
fact that i wouldn't be able to scratch the mosquito bites 
on my skin that were still driving me crazy.  But worst of 
all is that i wanted to rub my clit and cum tonight, but 
that was going to be next to impossible to do like this.

"There, that's better." said my Master as he crawled into 
his nice warm down-filled flannel-lined sleeping bag that 
was on top of a comfy air filled mattress while i had to 
lay on my stomach and my breasts on the cold plastic tent 
floor that was immediately over some little rocks on the 
cold bumpy ground beneath it.  This was not going to be a 
comfortable night.

"Good night slut, and sweet dreams.  Tomorrow is going to 
be a great hiking workout, so get a good night's sleep." 
said my Master as he turned off the portable camping lamp, 
leaving us both in complete darkness, with the only sounds 
being heard was that of crickets and some branches blowing 
in the wind outside.

"Good night Master." i said as i turned my body onto my 
side, in a more comfortable position.  I found that if i 
lifted my left leg up that my left arm wasn't so 
uncomfortable, and then i could fall asleep on my side in 
this awkward position.

As i closed my eyes and listened to my Master's heavy 
breathing, i smiled, knowing that i was getting exactly 
everything what i had always dreamed about, and that it was 
with the perfect man.  Tomorrow was going to come soon, and 
i tried to get some sleep in the chilly tent.

jennifer r.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Jennifer R


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





