BDSM Library - Halloween Submission




Halloween Submission
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A submissive recounts his mistress's halloween costume and the events that ensue.
Halloween Submission


Halloween


Costumes
"I have a great costume for the party tonight. It's going to be great. You'll
love it, I'm sure. You wont believe your eyes when you see it." You inform me.
"Oh yeah, what is it?" I ask.
"Well, I am not going to tell you now, you are just going to have to wait. Its
going to take me awhile to get ready though. I guarantee that the wait will be
worth it later." You tell me in a bit of a taunting voice.
"Hmm, well in that case I will just hold off on the questions and let you do
what you need to."
"Good boy, and as for what happens later, its still up to me, right?" you ask
me.
"Of course, what ever you come up with, I'm yours." I state.
"Oh, your such as good little slave." You whisper and giggle

I can hardly wait to see what you have in mind for this evening. You never cease
to amaze me with your imagination. You told me this morning that it would take
you quite a while to prepare for the party, that your costume wouldn't be
complex, just time consuming to get it all the way you wanted it. I felt bad
that I had chosen such a simple costume. I dug out a pair of my scrubs that I
wore when I worked in the O.R. put my stethoscope around my neck, stuck a pair
of trauma shears in the waistband at the small of my back, instant trauma
surgeon.  When I told you what my costume was, you didn't sound too disappointed
that I didn't put much thought or effort into my choice. In fact, you seemed to
like what I have chosen. I can't imagine why, I know I didn't put as much into
mine as you must have into yours.

I arrive at your place to pick you up, knocking on your door, your friend opens
the door.
"Hello there, doc, she's just about ready. Your going to probably going to have
to take your own pulse when you see her." Your friend tells me. She was right.
I take a step in to your place; I hear the door close behind me as you walk out
from around the corner. I am stunned and amazed.
Your costume is out of this world, literally. An alien, a creature from another
planet, you have transformed yourself into a blue-skinned extraterrestrial. As I
look you over from head to toe I see that you have hidden your hair under a wig
that is dark blue. You are wearing what looks to be a silver leather bra and
tight silver leather pants. The skin that is visible has been painted a light
shade of blue. The makeup around your eyes and your lipstick is a darker shade
of blue. It looks like you have even made blue freckles on your face, arms and
chest. I can see why you told me it would take you a while to get ready.
"So, what do you think?" you ask.
"Incredible, stunning, beautiful, out of this world." I stammer.
"I knew you'd like it. It's theater make-up." You tell me as you run a blue
fingertip from your lips down your chin, tracing a line to your neck and through
your blued cleavage.
"It only comes off with soap and water, not just water alone. I don't have to
worry about it rubbing off on clothes or sweating it off." You advice me while
twirling around so that I can see that not a spot on you back has been missed.
My mind begins to wander as to how far that make-up has been applied.
"She had to help me get the spots that I couldn't reach, guess you'll just have
to wait to find out just where that is, now wont you? " you whisper with a wink
to me. "After the party, the fantasy becomes reality, you have to play along or
it will be over. I went through a lot of work for this, you wouldn't want to
disappoint me, now would you?" you ask me. I shake my head that I wouldn't, I
have a feeling this is going to be a very interesting and fun night. I can't
wait to see what you have in store.

The Party
 The party was every enjoyable. Our costumes went over very well.  Several
people asked me to do physicals on them or asked if I was Dr. Greene from ER.
People asked you what you were doing here on earth. You told them hunting
humans.  Every time you said that, you gave me quite an interesting look.
However, as fun as the party was, it didn't compare to what happened after the
party and we walked out to your car to leave.

Abducted
As I bend over to unlock the door for you, I feel you throw your weight against
me, pushing me hard against the car. Stunned, I drop the keys, I feel you hip
hold me against the car as you grasp my right hand and pull it behind my back,
quickly followed by my left. With the same movement I feel handcuffs close
around my wrists. I turn my head to see what you are doing but the only thing I
can see is blackness as you tie a blindfold around my head. I open my mouth to
ask what you are doing.
"What aremmmph." My words are muffed as you force a ball gag into my mouth. I
feel you securing the straps behind my head.
"Shut up, human." You mutter to me.
I feel you remove the trauma shears that where in my waistband. I have a feeling
I know what is next, but can't imagine that you would do something quite so rash
out in the open.
I was right and wrong. I knew what was coming, but was wrong that you wouldn't
do it.  I feel the shears cutting the back of my scrubs apart. After a few cuts,
you rip the scrub top off and I hear it as you throw it down to the ground. Next
I feel the scissors at the small of my back. I try to mumble; you just push me
harder into the car. I hear the snips as you cut my scrub bottoms and my boxers
away. I feel you untie my shoes and pull them off, quickly followed by my socks.
Now here I stand, on a darkened street, naked, cuffed, gagged, and blindfolded.
I can feel heat radiating from my face, as I must be as red as you are blue at
this point in time. I am both scared and excited that someone may come across us
as you restrain and strip me. You manage to get me tied up and naked in a matter
of three or four minutes, but it seems like forever. I then feel your hot breath
on my ear as you whisper to me.
"You humans, such easy prey."
With that, I know the fantasy has become reality. I also know the fantasy is
that I am being abducted by an alien. I have a feeling this is going to be
something akin to an episode of X-files.  With that, I hear the car door open
and you push me inside. I wonder again what would happen if someone saw us as we
drive off.

Restraint
As you pull me out of the car, I walk with a stumbled gait; it's hard to move
without being able to see where I am going. I can feel you grasp the chain
between the cuffs and push my back with your other hand.  I can feel the hard
ground under my feet; I know I am still outside.  I am guessing at your place,
as I couldn't see where we were going the whole way.  I am again, a bit scared
and excited to be made to do this, somewhere where we might be seen. I hear your
keys, and then a door open. You push me inside, I then hear the door slam shut
and lock.
"Time to have some fun with the human." I hear you mumble.
"Keep going." I hear you mutter. I slow down unsure of my next step. This is
greeted by two hard slaps to my butt. I start walking again. You press against
my right shoulder, causing me to make a left turn. I take a few steps to then
feel a tug at the chain of the cuff, causing me to stop.
"Hold it right there." I hear you tell me. I hear some rustling in the
background but can't imagine what you are doing. I then feel you grasp my left
wrist, just above the cuff. I feel the soft leather of another restraint being
applied. I then hear a small "click" which I know must be a little padlock. I
feel the same sensation shortly with my right wrist, followed by my ankles and
then a collar around my neck quickly followed by an accompanying "click" of a
lock.  Then I feel the metal handcuffs being released, only to hear them closing
somewhere else. I would guess at my ankles. I feel you push me just a bit,
trying to take a step, my guess is confirmed, as I am only able to move my feet
only inches apart. I feel you hand on top of my shoulder, pressing down.
"Sit down, human. I have one thing left to do to prepare you." I sit, ideas
wander through my head, but who know what you have in mind. I feel you grasp
both wrists; place them on a table that I must be seated at. I feel some tugging
between the two for a moment, which stops then is quickly followed by a strong
pull at my wrists, pulling me into the table, extending my arms and pulling so
that my face is on the table. I feel a bit of slack, but only for a moment then
it seems to be a steady pull. I try to pull up, but can't, I must be tied to the
table. I then hear the flick of a match followed by the smell of a scented
candle.
"Extend your fingers and don't move them again until I tell you to." I comply.
I can feel you doing something to the tips of each finger, but can't imagine
what. I also detect another smell over the candle next to me but can't place it.
After about what I would guess of twenty minutes of you doing something to my
fingers, I hear you get up and walk away. Knowing better, I just sit there, face
against the table, arms outstretched, awaiting your return. I can hear some
rustling in what must be the bedroom. It is hard to measure time in a situation
such as this, however I feel like I have been tied to the table for close to an
hour before you return to untie me. I feel a tug at the cuffs, leading me in the
direction of the bedroom; I am only able to follow in small steps, as my legs
are still cuffed together at the ankles. After a few steps the hard floor
changes to carpet. A few steps after that, I hear your voice again.
"That will do, hold still now." You tell me in a calm, steady voice. I hear the
handcuff come off from the rings on the leather cuffs around my ankles, quickly
followed by my wrists, which must have been bound with rope.


Exam Bed
"Up, human, up." I hear you command me while pushing me onto the bed next to me.
I climb up onto in, on my hands and knees. That must have been too much of an
inviting target as I feel a sharp sting from your hand as you smack my ass. I
grunt through the gag that is still in place.
"Lay on the pillows next to you, belly down." You command. I feel next to me and
find two pillows lying on top of each other lying lengthwise with the bed. I do
as you tell me to. I then feel my left wrist pulled out in front of me, I would
imagine that I am being tied down. Shortly I feel the right wrist follow suit. I
again feel the same sensation at my right leg.
"Raise your left leg a bit." I comply. I feel you grasp my penis and slowly move
it so that the tip is pointing toward the foot of the bed. Just the slightest
touch is enough to cause an erection at this point in time.
"Excited, human? You'd think that you were abducted and raped by aliens
everyday." You giggle. I feel you other hand on my butt pressing me back into
the pillow, pinning my penis in quite an uncomfortable position. If I continue
to have an erection, it will be painful, as it wont be able to move into a
natural position. I try to reposition my leg so that I can get myself out of
this predicament. I hear a smug laugh behind me as you again press my ass down,
into the pillow and tie my left leg down. I feel a moistened finger run up and
down the shaft, causing me to swell. I struggle against the cuffs and rope that
hold me in place, biting into the gag and moaning at the awkward position I am
now in.

Explanation
I feel the blindfold lift.
I see you standing in front of me with a hand on your hip and a smug grin on
your face. You are normally quite beautiful, but with the make-up and the shiny
silver garments, the look you have achieved is incredible.  
"I don't think this is needed any more. I want you to watch your captor as I
perform my experiments and torture. You see, for the next 48 hours I am going to
perform some tests and have a little fun, at your expense.  Of course you may
not last that long, human." You state with a giggle. I can tell just by your
expression and tone of voice that you are really getting into this. Fantasy has
become reality.  I begin to think that this night is going to be quite exciting,
and then it hits me, you just said 48 hours, two days. Before I can really start
to think about what is in store you begin to speak again.
"I don't really care if you survive or not, human. Oh and by the way," you move
closer to whisper in my ear. "I use the word human like you would use the words
'bitch' or 'slut', because that is what you are." I feel your hand on my butt.
"My little lab rat," you squeeze my butt firmly. "My little slut." You state
with an evil tone as you move your hand over slightly and slide a finger into
me. "I know you have a name, I don't care what it is though, you are just a
little human plaything. The word human is very derogatory where I come from."
You whisper with a superior tone to your voice as you wiggle your finger inside
of me. "Just know that every time I use the word human, I am talking down to
you." You giggle as you withdraw your finger and slap my ass very firmly, which
causes me to pull tightly against my bonds.
"You humans have such a desire to escape as well, don't bother trying, the
straps that are locked to your wrists, ankles and the collar you are wearing
will explode if they get more than 30 feet away from this" You hold up what
looks like the keyless entry to your car.  I look to your eyes to see you wink.
 "I doubt I have to explain what the red button is for, do I?" you ask
quizzically. I shake my head that you don't.
"Good, don't make me use it" you threaten, with a smile as you set it down on
the bookcase next to the bed.
"Besides, I have marked you, you wouldn't get too far." You state, while
pointing at my hands. Not sure what I am looking for I exam my hands shocked see
that my fingernails are now as blue as yours.  I try to wipe them on the bed,
but the paint is quite dry.
"Oh, don't worry, human, its only temporary. However you wont find anything to
remove that substance anywhere here." I think for a moment, you're right. Even
if I didn't have leather cuffs locked to me, I wouldn't go out with painted
fingernails. I feel my face blush as I examine them. I here you giggle behind
me.
"I just love testing the blush response, as you can see, I don't blush. You do
it so well, too. I am going to have to remember to perform that test as much as
possible.



Alien history
"You can see it is a bit hard to blend in here on this planet." You state as you
remove your shimmering silver bra. This reveals to me the impressive make-up job
didn't just end with your cleavage. Your entire breasts are light blue, as the
rest of your skin that is visible, with the exception of your nipples, which are
a darker shade of blue. You cup your breasts, flaunting them, knowing that I am
just dying to touch, lick and suck on them, as you continue:
"While the anatomy is pretty much the same," giggle "the skin tone just stands
out. You see, on my home planet, about one thousand years ago, the people of my
planet, the Azureians, were about two or three generation from extinction. A few
outlaw scientists took it upon themselves to fix that. They began to use the
science of eugenics, which is the manipulation of genetics and controlled
breeding of the primary species of the planet, and created my race, the
Ceruleans.  For reasons, which I will explain in a moment, my race was able to
save the planet from extinction.  By that third generation, when extinction was
predicted, the population of the planet had tripled.  No longer concerned with
the death of their race the populous of the planet turned in fear and hatred
against my people, the flame that had sparked the fire that saved the planet.
Hunted almost to their own annihilation, my people turned again to outlaw
science and created biological weapons that were lethal to all but the strongest
Azureians and of course the Ceruleans. Through a new eugenics program, we became
the dominant race on my planet."
I watch you walk out of the room; you are gone for a few minutes and return.
"Eugenics gave us a distinct advantage." You state, as you turn your back to me.
You slowly begin to slide out of your iridescent silver pants. As you do I see
that not one inch of skin on your body is still flesh colored, it is all blue. I
marvel at the effort that you have put into this. I can't imagine how long it
must have taken to do this make-up work; you look like something straight out of
a movie. I also notice that you are wearing your blue vinyl strap-on harness. As
you turn around I see a huge, blue silicone dildo in your harness, it has a
large head and exaggerated veins on the shaft. I guess it must be almost 8
inches long and about 2 inches around.
"With both sex organs, I can pass my traits on to another female or pass them on
to my offspring should I find a suitable male. At least that was how it was done
a few hundred years ago. Now that we are the dominant species, we do just that,
dominate!  And that is what I am going to do to you, human.  "  You state as you
slowly approach, stroking your cock. The fantasy that you have come up with is
now fully real, now that I know what you are going to do. I let myself fall into
the fantasy; the idea of being used by an alien suddenly becomes very erotic.
Needless to say that translates into swelling between my legs, which in the
position my dick is in becomes painful, as the erection I have is huge now. I
wrestle with the restraints and groan against the ball gag.
"Oh, you like the thought of that do you, human?" you ask in a wicked tone. You
reach down and squeeze my dick, hard. "Good, because while I do have experiments
to conduct on you, I do intend to pleasure myself as well." I groan that I am
willing subject.  Gripping my penis ever harder, you whisper in my ear. "You may
be willing now, human, but you might not like some of the tests I am going to
run on you, so I am going to leave you tied up. For the whole experience." Next,
the lights go out, but just for a few seconds, you turn on lamps on either side
of the bed, however there is something unusual about them. They are black
lights. The effect this adds is quite eerie. The tint of your skin is now a very
iridescent blue and your dildo seems to be glowing on its own.  Now it does
almost feel like I am on another planet. I watch as you start a multi-disk CD
player, at a low volume I hear Metallica.
"Aggressive music for my aggressive nature." You tell me matter-of-factly. "Now,
what should I do to you first?" you ask with an evil smirk.

Alien Oral Exam
  I try to mumble protests, but come out as nothing more than muffed whimpers.
"I can't have you complaining either, so I am going to keep that mouth filled or
sealed the whole time as well. In fact its time to fill it with something else
now. I need a little pleasure before I get started on you. A bit of an oral
exam, if you will, even if you wont."  You giggle with an evil grin. You
disappear for a moment and return with what looks like a yogurt container. I
watch as you slowly crawl up on the bed with me, crawling around on your blued
hands and knees, with your cock hanging between your legs. It seems to be
producing its own light with the black lighting. You prop a few pillows against
the headboard and position yourself so that you are sitting, with your legs
spread and your blue cock in front of me. Reaching down to me, you remove the
ball gag. My jaw aches a bit because I have had it in for so long. I open and
close my jaw a couple of times to loosen the muscles in my jaw. As I open my
mouth again to stretch out my jaw, my mouth is suddenly filled with your glowing
silicone cock.  I try to spit it out, but you reach behind my head, and force it
deeper in my mouth
"Time to suck my cock, human. Do a good job and maybe I'll cum in your mouth."
Stunned I look up to see you holding a container of vanilla yogurt. I think I
have an idea as to what you mean. I begin to suck on the tip that you have
forced in my mouth. As I do this I see you reach for a small silver vibrator.
You move it toward your cunt, which I can see is quite wet now. You twirl the
tip in your juices and slide it inside yourself. I watch as you turn it on and
suddenly feel the dildo in my mouth begin to quiver because of the proximity. I
moan with the new sensation as well.
"Mmmm...do you like that you little slut?" I moan again that I do as I start to
move my lips up and down the shaft of your blued cock. "You're a good little
cocksucker, human, suck on it, that's right...mmmm...let me see you lick it,
human." You command me, as you pull out of my mouth. I begin to lick at the
shaft, over the exaggerated veins contoured into the surface, up and down, over
the enlarged head. As I do this I watch the silver vibrator sliding in and out
of you at a quick pace. I hear and feel you moan with each thrust. As I lick the
head of your cock you again shove it deep into my mouth. With that I watch as
you quicken your pace, thrusting your vibrator faster and faster within
yourself. I hear your breathing quicken and your moans get louder, I know that
you are just a moment a way from cumming. Knowing this I begin to moan louder
myself, realizing that this act it quite a turn on for you.
"Oh, mmmm...yes, slut, suck my cock. Ohh...mmmm..." barely able to finish that
sentence, you begin to have an orgasm. Listening to your breathing and cries, I
can tell it is quite a powerful one.
"Ohh... I'm cumming, ohh...very good, human." You tell me as you pull out of my
mouth. I watch you stick the dildo deep into the yogurt.
"Now, human, lick the cum off of my cock." As you pull it out, several inches of
it is covered with what would be a white substance, now blue in this light,
which I am now to imagine is your cum.  Just the thought of this causes me to
turn several shades of red.
"Aww, is the little human slut shy about swallowing alien cum?" I blush further,
you giggle, grasp my cheeks and squeeze so that my mouth opens, and with that
you force the cream covered dildo into my mouth. The taste is rather good, after
all it is just yogurt, so I suck it clean.
"I rather enjoy cumming in your mouth, you'd better get used to swallowing it.
When I cum, its in huge amounts." You state as you withdraw your cock and stick
it back into the container, again covering it in the blue cream. This time I
offer less resistance, opening my mouth, again sucking it clean. While I am
swallowing what you have offered this time I watch as you stick two fingers in
the container, scooping out quite a bit, you pull out of my mouth and observe as
you smear it over the entire surface of the dildo.
"Keep going, I'm not even close to finished cumming yet." You mutter, with that
I lick the entire shaft, cleaning it from the cream. I know my face must just be
as red as an apple by now, or rather purple as a grape, thanks to the black
lighting.  Yet again you submerge your cock in the cream, remove it an present
it for me to clean with my tongue.  After three more immersions into the yogurt
and my mouth I have just about empted the container. I watch as you take two
fingers and scoop the remaining cream out. At the same time you have positioned
your silicone cock in front of my face and have began stroking it with your
other hand. I listen to you as you build up to an imaginary orgasm. When you
simulate cumming, you wipe the cream in your other hand all over my face.
Smearing in around my mouth, cheeks, a bit on my nose and even some in my hair.
After a few scoops, smeared over my face you get up and crawl off the bed. I
again, turn a bright shade of red, knowing that in the fantasy you have just
humiliated my by cumming all over my face. The smug, evil grin on your face
confirms it.
"Don't even think about trying to wipe it off, human. I want to see my blue cum
on that cute little red face of yours." I feel the heat radiating from my
cheeks. You just giggle, stick your tongue out and take a lick of my face. I
moan from the pain in my dick as it swells against the pillow. This doesn't go
unnoticed by you, as I hear you giggle more.  As I think you have walked away I
move my tongue out to try to clean the tip of my nose where the drying cream has
become an irritant.

Resistance is Futile
"Couldn't resist could you?" I hear you whisper in my ear. Damn, busted, I think
to myself.
"I knew you couldn't. I just wanted the opportunity to show you what happens if
you don't to as I tell you early in this little encounter. I will show you what
punishment entails in a moment, but first..." I see in your right hand the blue
lipstick that you must have used. As it approaches I try to turn my head, to no
avail. You coat my lips with the dark shade of blue. "It is a localized reaction
humans get from sucking cerulean cock, your lips turn blue for awhile. Don't
worry, it wears off... eventually." I hear with the tone of voice that I had
better not try to wipe it off.  You step back to admire your make-up job and
giggle, and then walk away. I am sure my face is again, very red.  The next
thing I see is the ball gag as it comes over my head and is pulled tight into my
mouth and cinched off behind my head. I then feel a sharp smack across my butt.
Quickly followed by nine more of them, very hard, very fast. I then feel you
reach over, down between my legs and lightly kiss my dick. It had shrunk with
this onslaught. The moist contact from your lips is more than enough to cause it
to swell again, which in turn becomes painful as it pushes against the pillow,
trying to move into its natural position. I hear you giggle at your handiwork. I
sigh, signaling my discomfort. That is rewarded with more spankings, which
continue until after I have cried out for you to stop through the gag.  Again
you reach over to my dick, which has again shrunk, this time you take it in your
mouth and quickly move your tongue over it, until I begin to swell, which causes
you to stop and release it and watch it smack the pillow, trying to pull
forward.
"Don't cross me, human. My hand can do this all night, I doubt that your ass and
dick can." You chuckle.  "Well, that was a good start to satisfying me, but
research beckons"

Alien Experiments
"Now, lets get ready for some experiments shall we?" I remain silent. You reach
under my chin and grab the ring on my collar; you attach a small metal chain and
then tie it off to the headboard. I am now unable to move my head in any
direction. 
"You see, through eugenics, several senses were removed, to make us stronger.
Mainly those of feeling cold, hot and my favorite, pain." I hear a giggle as you
pinch my butt. "So, I enjoy testing responses to those stimuli."  I feel you
climb up onto the bed with me and straddle my back. I can feel your strap-on
lying on my back as well. I feel a soft, wet kiss at the back of my neck as I
see you reach up to a large cup and remove a piece of ice. The ice looks blue
with the new lighting. I feel you place it at the back of my neck, I jump with a
start, which isn't very far as my bonds hold me tight.  I shiver as you slowly
run the ice down the middle of my back. I can feel water trickle down my sides.
Gradually, I feel the ice slide between my butt cheeks, as you hold it right at
my ass. I try to pull away, as the cold is quite unbearable, but to no avail. I
can hear you softly moaning and purring behind me, I know you are enjoying this. 
The water that has melted off runs down my butt, and all over my balls. I
continue to fight, which just causes you to push the ice harder against me.
"It's getting too small." I hear you state, in reference to the ice. I sigh,
believing that this means you are going to remove it. I was wrong. With a quick
push, I feel the ice slide up inside of me. I moan as the numbing sensation now
comes from within. An unusual and pleasant feeling, but pleasant isn't what your
looking for right now. I feel my butt spanked by a large paddle. You swat the
numb area where you have placed the ice at least ten times. This is not enough
for you, as you move to each cheek and continue your spankings. Soon I begin to
squirm, trying to get out from underneath of them, which is impossible. I begin
to cry out through my gag, begging for you to stop, this just encourages you to
spank harder, but only for a few more blows. In this light, my ass must be
purple by now, not red. A few seconds after you finish your paddling, I feel a
kiss and one lick on each cheek. I see you reach for the ice again. I watch the
blue ice disappear behind me. I then sense the ice on my sore butt, I feel you
trace circles on each cheek, moving from one to the other. The ice turns the
pain in my butt numb, not exactly pain, but not very comfortable either. Again I
struggle against your stimulation, its no use. I hear you giggle more as I feel
the water run down my ass in every direction.
"Too small again." I hear you mumble. I feel you trace wavy lines with the ice
over my ass, and then feel it again slide up into me.  I feel you hop up and off
the bed and leave the room for a moment. As you return I can smell the scented
candle from earlier.
"This, human, is pain gel." You tell me as you drip some on to your fingers so I
can see. I watch it harden.
"No human has survived this, so as we go, you can beg for mercy, and I might
consider it, then again I might not."  You giggle. I watch you walk behind me. I
prepare myself for the pain. I feel you quickly drip a line from the middle of
my back down to just above my ass. The pain is intense, but only lasts for an
instance. I bite the gag and make no sound.
"Hmmm.." you sigh. "Not much of a response." I feel it now dribble on each of my
butt cheeks, again quick, sharp pain followed by the feel of it hardening. I
continue to bite into the gag silently. I then feel it drip on my asshole. I
chew hard on the gag, moaning, unable to control the sound I make.
"Was that 'Mercy', human?" you look into my eyes, I turn my head away. You
giggle.
"No? Well, what a brave little human. Don't worry, I'll break you yet." I then
feel a few drops of the wax on my balls. I bite hard on the gag as I ready
myself, and then feel the burning as you pour it on them. My dick swells.
"Not the reaction I was expecting. Not even close. Hmmm, I may have to keep you,
make you mine." I laugh through the gag. This earns me a huge smack on my sore
ass, followed by wax on my dick. Unable to remain quiet, I cry though the gag,
which is muffled. I again gnaw on the gag.
"Do you give up human? Will you submit to me?" I shake my head no. I watch you
blow out the candle. "Very well, human, I have other ways of making you mine." I
hear you tell me in a mock angry voice. I can hear you giggle behind me. I
suddenly feel a piece of ice on the wax on my back. You trace the ice over every
place you have dripped wax, my butt, asshole, balls and my dick. The ice soothes
the pain and soon becomes numb. I lay still as you cool my wax-covered parts.
Soon the ice is again too small and you place it where you have placed the other
two pieces before it.

My Specimen
You walk up next to me and remove the ball gag from my mouth and offer me a
glass of fluid to drink. I sip it up, I can tell it some kind of juice, but I am
not sure what kind it is.
"More?' you ask, I nod. "Good, glad to see you like new tastes, that's going to
be important here soon." You giggle as I drink. I open my mouth to ask just what
that's supposed to mean. Before I can get the words out you slide another gag in
my mouth. This one is a large rubber ring that sits behind my teeth, keeping my
mouth open. I feel it tighten as you secure it. You take a step back to admire
it, smile and then move your lips to my open mouth and force your tongue in; I
am unable to do anything but allow your probing. My dick swells, painfully,
against the pillow as I enjoy this passionate kiss.
"Did you like that you human slut?" you ask sensually, I nod. "Good, I'm glad
you like having things shoved in that open mouth. Now, more research, I need a
sample." I give you a quizzical expression, not sure what you mean. "Semen. I am
going to pleasure myself a bit as I obtain it as well." You tell me as you rub
lubrication on your glowing blue cock.  I try to talk now that my mouth isn't
full. I still can't, the ring gag stops my talking just as well as the ball gag. 
I also notice you set a smaller dildo at the headboard, a smaller version of the
one you have strapped on. I feel you untie one of my legs and readjust my dick
into a natural position. Waves of relieve wash over me, as my erection swells,
unrestricted. As I enjoy this, you secure my leg again.
"Time to take some alien cock, human." You tell me as I feel you craw up onto
the bed with me. I feel you rub lotion on my ass, then dribble more on my hole.
I feel your finger probe me.  I squirm against the intrusion.
"Oh, stop fighting, human. You'll enjoy this." You moan in my ear. I feel you
straddle me from behind. You set your cock in the crack of my ass and slide it
up and down in the lube. I feel the head of you cock at my ass as you grasp my
hips. Slowly, I feel you push in, I try to tell you to take it out, try to tell
you it hurts, but only garbled sounds escape.
"Shhh, just relax, the pain will subside in a moment." You whisper. After a few
seconds it does.  I feel you push deeper inside of me, feel my ass close around
the enlarged head and exaggerated veins of your cock. After a few more moments
of waiting for me to adjust to having your cock inside me, you begin to slowly
pull back, pushing against my hips. I moan as you do. With that you begin
rhythmic thrusts in and out. Gently you continue. The sensations this creates
are hard to describe, painful at first but slowly they become pleasurable. I
moan as your thrusts continue. Soon I feel your hands slide from my hips, slowly
up my back and down my arms. You interlock you fingers with mine I feel your
breasts pressed against my back, the hardness of you nipples also against my
back only causes my dick to swell. You continue your soft thrusts, with your
hips. I groan as you continue pressing your cock inside of me. I feel you pull
back and then slide in, deep until I feel your hips against mine. I squeeze your
fingers in mine as you press in me. I feel your heavy breath on my neck as you
pull back. I moan as you simultaneously lick and suck at the nap of my neck as
you slide deep in me.
"You like this don't you, human?" you whisper. I try to groan that I do. "Shhh,
you don't have to tell me, I already know."  You move your right hand down to my
cock. "Show me you do, cum in my hand." You whisper "I want to see you come,
with my blue cock in your cute pink little ass." I moan again. I feel your hand
on the head of my penis, slowly stroking me. Your other hand squeezes mine as
you slowly continue to pump into me. Again, you begin to suck on my neck,
rubbing your breasts into my back. More than I can stand, I explode into your
hand. My moans are contorted from the gag in my mouth. I can't bite into it as I
cum; I begin to wonder why you have changed gags. Then I find out. The second I
finish cumming in your hand you quickly slide your hand out from underneath me
and push your cupped hand against my open mouth. You flatten your hand and slide
it away, my cum drips into my mouth. Shocked, I try to spit it out but can't
because I can't close my mouth. I then try to force it out with my tongue, but
before I am able to do that, you have grasped the small dildo from the headboard
and forced inside the ring and secured it to the gag. I shake my head from side
to side trying to dislodge it. I can feel and taste the warm fluid in my mouth.
As you have kept me from cumming for the better part of a week before this,
there is quite a bit.
"Oh, you enjoyed my cum, but not your own, huh?" you ask. I nod. "Well, that's
too bad, I think you know what I want you to do with it now, don't you?"
I shake my head.
"Oh, yes you do. Now think about this for a moment. You can nether spit it out
or swallow it with that gag in. I have no problem just letting you lay here all
night with a cum soaked dick in your mouth, but I doubt that's what you want is
it?" you ask. I feel my cheeks heating up, as I indeed know what you want. 
 I shake my head. I feel it start to dribble down out of the sides of my mouth.
"I didn't think so. Now if I remove it are you going to do what I wish of you?"
you whisper. I make only a slight nod. I hear a giggle as you remove the gag. As
you do, I feel you press your cock deeper in me. I do as you wish, swallow. You
giggle and remove the smaller dildo from the ring gag, still covered in my cum.
"You missed some." You whisper. I look at you with a scowl. You just giggle
more.
"All of it, human." As you press the dildo to my sealed lips. When I don't open
I feel you pull back with your hips and give a hard, deep thrust. This causes me
to involuntarily open my mouth, which gives you just what you wish. Closing my
mouth, trying to keep it out, doesn't work as I close my mouth around the far
end of the shaft.
"Oh this is so cute, a nice thick blue cock in your little ass and a cum-covered
cock in your little mouth at same time." I feel my face heat up again at this
remark. "Keep those lips closed tight, now." I hear you tease, as you pull out
on the small dildo. I can feel more of my cum sliding off onto my tongue as you
withdraw it. I see your grin as you do this. I just continue to scowl. The taste
is difficult to describe, I so want to spit it out, but don't dare, as I know
there will be consequences if I do. I hear a soft pop as the small dildo escapes
my lips.  I feel your cock pull completely out as well. I moan as I feel it
leave.
"I have to set up for the next round of testing, human. You will be allowed to
rest now, but not for long." You giggle.  I sigh, I don't know how much more
testing I can take.  So far you have abducted me, bound me, painted my nails so
I can't leave, had me suck your silicone cock, lick your "cum" off of it, had
hot wax, ice and spankings applied liberally to my body, had your cock in my
ass, had me cum for you only to be forced to swallow it and lick more of it off
another dildo.  I don't think I can resist much longer.

Breaking Point
Standing next to the bed I see you approach with a length of black nylon cord
and a large wooden dowel that must be close to five feet long.  I can see two
large eye screws in each end. I also notice three large padlocks in one hand. I
watch your gorgeous blued body approach; it is also hard to miss your large cock
hanging in front of you.
 "Well, my research had discovered that you poor male humans are worthless after
you cum.  So I thought a demonstration of what a genetically engineered cock can
do." I have an idea how you intend to demonstrate that, but only to a certain
degree.  You kneel down behind me.
"Spread your legs, human." I do. "Wider than that." I move wider. Then I feel a
smack on my butt. "Wider, human."  I stretch my legs out as wide as I possibly
can.  I feel you reach to the cuff around my ankle; I look down and see you take
the thick dowel and lock it to the cuff on my right leg, quickly followed by my
left leg. A homemade spreader bar, if I try to make any movement with my feet, I
am sure to fall. I watch as you stand on a chair and run the nylon cord through
a hook on the ceiling. I look at your blue ass, as it is only inches in front of
me, I imagine running my hands up and down your blued skin, then my tongue. I
begin to feel a slight swell between my legs, not very much however; I am still
spent from your last "test". As you step down, you look to see if you have had
any effect.
"You see, pitiful." As you grasp my penis and let it fall. I feel my cheeks heat
up. This gains me an evil smile as you walk behind me again. You remove the
D-ring that was holding my cuffed wrists together and replace it with a padlock.
As you reach above me to grasp the black cord your stiff cock rubs in between my
open thighs. I can feel you tying the cord off to the lock on the cuffs. You
walk back in front of me to get the other end of the cord. I watch walk away
from me with the rope over your shoulder, once you reach the door, you turn and
begin to pull on the rope. As you pull, my hands slowly rise behind me. You
continue to pull on the rope, as you do, I am forced to bend over so that my
arms can continue to rise. I moan throughout this procedure, knowing it won't do
me any good. Eventually I am to a point where my hands are higher than my head
and I am facing the ground. I raise my head to watch you tie the rope off to the
door handle. I am getting past the point to which I test my bonds; there really
isn't much of a point to it. I just accept it. That fact is pretty obvious to
you, which gives you quite a bit of satisfaction.
"Giving up, human?" I nod. "Good, you lasted longer than I thought you would.
Not all of the experiments have been so bad have they?" I shake my head; I have
rather enjoyed everything, but try not to show it. I know that would just egg
you on. I feel you run a fingertip up the crack of my butt, slowly up my back to
the back of my neck to the strap holding my gag in place. You remove and let it
fall to the floor, as you kneel in front of me and lift my head with your
fingertip.
"So you are telling me that your are ready to submit to your alien mistress?" I
nod again. A warm smile crosses your face. "That was the last experiment, lab
rat, to see how long it would take to break you. Now that that has been
accomplished everything else is just for pleasure, granted, my pleasure, but I
am sure you will enjoy it too." I smile, which makes yours grow wider.
"Now tell me, say it." You ask
"I am yours, alien mistress." I whisper to you.
"Very good, slave. Very good, mistress will do. By the way, 'slave' is a step up
from 'human'". I smile again, with that you grasp my face and begin to kiss me,
a deep passionate kiss lasting several moments. "Are you ready to please your
alien mistress?" You show me a container of vanilla yogurt. I nod, and slowly
open my mouth, ready to accept your cock once again. 
"Oh, very good slave. Its time to demonstrate the superiority of my cock now." 
You state as you slide your cock into my mouth. I suck on the head then begin to
move my lips further down the shaft, taking as much into my mouth as I can. I
watch as you rub your clit. We continue this way for a few moments until notice
you are coming close to cumming.
"Oh, very good slave, I love it when you suck on my cock it feel soooo good, and
you look so cute with my blue cock in your pink little mouth." I feel my cheeks
blush and hear you giggle. Which subsides quickly to the heavy breathing and
moans of your self-induced orgasm.
"Ohhh, yesss, slave, I am cumming. I am going to cum in your mouth again." You
remove the dildo from my mouth, submerge it in the cream, as you do this I open
my mouth with my tongue out, ready for you. After swallowing three more just
like this you step back.
"You see, slave? I came and came and yet I am still hard." I nod and open my
mouth again.
"Oh, I have broken you, so ready and willing to suck my cock, but that's not
what I had in mind for the rest of my demonstration." You giggle. You walk
behind me I hear the snap of the container of lube. I feel a gooey cold
substance at the crack of my butt, I feel it run down my leg. I hear the sound
of you coating you cock in the lube. Seconds later, I feel the tip at my ass.
With one gentle, but forceful push I feel the tip enter me. I groan out loud, as
this is the first time you have fucked me with out a gag to block all my
protests. With the amount of lube you have applied, your cock just slides right
in. I feel your hands at my hips, you begin to pull back slowly and stop, just
as you are about to pull out. You then begin to make slow, deep, rhythmic
thrusts. As many times as you have penetrated me, I have gotten used to it, the
pain subsides quickly, giving way to the pleasure of you inside me. After a few
minutes of these slow thrusts, you again pull back, almost to the point of
removing your cock from me. I hear a slight buzzing and guess that you are about
to insert your silver vibrator into yourself again. It was a good guess. You
turn the vibrator on high, and the vibrations are instantly translated through
the silicone cock, giving an incredible feeling deep within me as your continue
your deep, slow thrusts.  
"You like this don't you slave?" you query, I nod that I do. After a few more
moments of the slow thrusts I hear your breathing change again, I know what is
in store for you shortly.
"I said, you like this don't you, slave?" I nod again. "Then tell me you do."
"I like when you take me like this mistress." I mumble
"Oh, do you now, it doesn't sound like it." You moan.
"I love it when you fuck me in the ass with your blue cock, alien mistress."
"Mmmm, much better, do you like it deep and hard?" You whimper.
"Yes, mistress." I moan. With that you begin to increase the speed and force of
your penetrations
"Tell me..." you whisper.
"Harder mistress, deeper, please mistress, give it to me." I whine. You grasp my
hips firmly and comply. I know you are seconds away from cumming, I just wish I
was.
"Oh yes, slave, ohh, I am going to cum in your ass. Ohhhahh ooh..." I listen to
your orgasm. You continue your fast, hard, deep thrusts throughout your orgasm.
Quickly you pull out and I feel something else replace it, I am not sure what it
is, but with in a few seconds you somehow mange to empty what must have been a
whole container of yogurt inside of me. I feel your cock reenter me, pushing
your cream deep with in me as well as displacing some around my ass. I feel it
running down my leg. The sensation is incredible. Slowly I feel you slide deep
within me. Gradually you pull back and continue with slow, deep, gentle thrusts.
"Mmmm, do you feel that slave, I came in your ass. Do you like that?" you
whisper
"Yes, mistress, it feels incredible." I mutter.
"I knew you would, slave. I knew that you would love it when I blew my load
inside of you. Tell me." you ask.
"Mistress, I love how it feels when you came in my ass." I mutter again.
"Good slave, oh, it was incredible for me as well, and you look so cute with my
cock buried in you and my cum dribbling out of your ass." I blush. I feel you
pull out with a start. I moan as you do. I can feel more of your cream running
down my leg. You walk back in front of me; your cock is now mostly blue from all
of the cream. I see two things in your hands, the lipstick and a handful of
yogurt. I lift my head and pucker up, no resistance. You apply the blue lipstick
again, symbolizing the fact that I have sucked your blue cock. After that I move
my face so that you can smear your cream on my face. You just giggle as you do
your tasks. Once my face is coated, you reach for the gag on the floor, I open
my mouth and you place it back in and secure it.
"You are becoming quite the exceptional slave. Now, I have made rather a mess
out of myself, I need to go take a shower and get cleaned up. I look up at you
quizzically, wondering what you have in store for me, as I am no doubt more of a
mess than you are. "Oh, now don't look at me like that, yes you are no longer a
lab rat, but you are still my slave, if I decide to cum in you or all over you
or both," you giggle " and want to leave you like that, covered in my cum, well,
that is my prerogative. Isn't it, slave." I nod. "Good boy." I hear you trod
off.
It must have been close to an hour that you left me, in that awkward position,
bent over, arms suspended from the ceiling, and your cream dripping out of me,
drying on my legs and my face.

The Final Test
"I've been doing some thinking slave, come with me." You tell me as you untie me
from the ceiling and remove the spreader bar.  You lead me to the bathroom, my
hands still secured behind my back. You reach behind me and apply a handcuff to
one wrist. I hear the padlocks click open as you unlock them and remove the
leather cuffs.  Moving my hands in front of me you lock the other handcuff to my
free wrist. You remove the cuffs from my ankles and the collar from around my
neck. I offer no resistance at any point, which I can see doesn't go unnoticed,
gauging from the big blue grin on your face.
"I have one more test for you slave. But first I need to clean you up. Your
covered in both types of my cum, you cum and the pain gel from earlier. You are
a mess." You tell me as you start the water and get it to the temperature you
desire. You step in and pull me in by the handcuffs.  You secure them to the
showerhead as you begin to rinse me off.
"Let me show you something, see this?" You take a bit of the liquid soap and
wipe it on your blue skin, removing the paint. I nod.
"I have decided that if you can pass this last test, I will keep you as my own
human slave. Would you like that?" I nod that I would. "Good." You moan. "This
chemical will hide my blue skin, that way I can remain here and keep you for
myself." You whisper in my ear, I feel your cock between my legs. You take more
of the liquid soap and clean every inch of my body, removing all of the dried
cum, yogurt and wax.  Without saying another word you finish cleaning me, stop
the water, towel me off and replace all of the leather cuffs and locks, leaving
the handcuffs in place. You walk backward into the bedroom pulling me by the
chain in the handcuffs. I notice a very lustful expression on your face.
We stop at the edge of the bed, you step up on your tip-toes and give me a very
deep, passionate kiss, which causes me to swell.
"Shall I tell you what the test is?" You whisper in my ear.
"Yes mistress." I whisper back.
You step back and unlock the metal handcuffs, letting them fall to the floor.
You then climb up into bed and lay on your back.
"Satisfy your alien mistress." You moan.
I climb up in bed on top of you and begin to kiss you deeply as I pinch a blue
nipple with one hand and slide two fingers up inside you with the other. I hear
a deep sigh escape your lips. I feel your wetness increase, I remove my hand and
slide my dick deep inside you. I feel you shudder and hear a moan. Slowly, I
make love to my alien mistress, and while sucking on a blued nipple, I think to
myself how I will never tire of your imagination.




The Fantasy

Chapter I -The Question

  As I drive to your place, I wonder what might be in store for me this evening. 
We had discussed the basic topic of the evening. However, you would not reveal
what you had planed. I have been waiting for a month for this evening. A whole
month.  This month has been hell.

  Just about thirty days ago, we lay in bed together, late at night. This
started with a question.
"I was wondering, well, do you have any fantasies that maybe I can fulfill?"  I
asked in a staggered voice.
After a moment of silence, you replied.
"Well, I don't know, I hadn't thought about it for a while. This sounds more
like a leading question though. It sounds like you have something you want to
ask me."
"Well, I guess, sort of." I mumbled, as you placed a finger on my chin and moved
my face toward yours.
"What is it? Tell me." You said in a soft voice.
"I guess mine would be to give myself to you. To let you do what you want with
me."
"Oh," You say without emotion.  "A love slave kind of thing?"  You ask, again,
without emotion.
"Yeah, something like that."  I thought to myself that this must hold no
interest to you, judging by your attitude. We lay there for several minutes,
when suddenly you propped yourself up on your elbow, looked into my eyes and
began running your finger up and down my chest.
"I could do whatever I wanted to?  You'd do whatever I told you to do? You
wouldn't argue or try to fight?  Anything I want?" You asked in a sultry yet
excited voice.
"Anything you want." I stated in a soft voice, just hearing that question made
my heart race and I felt a swell between my legs.
"I think I might enjoy that," You said. " A lot." you whisper almost inaudibly,
almost as if you didn't want me to hear. "Tell you what, why don't you give me
some time to plan a night and get some ideas."
"Ok, I can do that."
"Can you? There's a catch." You state with a grin, as you continue to run your
finger up and down my chest, going lower each time. Suddenly you grasped my
penis, with a very strong grip, and lower your face to mine. "You cant touch me
until then, got it." You said, squeezing firmly.
"Yes, I understand, ok."
"Good."




Chapter II - The Wait

  As I continue to drive closer to your place, I think about that statement you
made that night.  I thought to myself then, how hard can that be to wait a few
nights until you were ready.  I had no idea that you had already begun to toy
with me. You made sure the only nights we didn't spend together were the nights
that I was working 24-hour shifts on the ambulance.
 The first few nights weren't too bad. When we would go to bed, you would wear
only a t-shirt. Taking it off just before you climbed into bed, gave me a kiss,
and then went to sleep.  A couple of nights later you told me I couldn't wear
anything to bed either. That wasn't to bad until the night you asked for a back
rub
  Lying in bed together you stated you had had enough of me not touching you.
You asked me to massage your back.  You rolled over on to your stomach and I
moved so that I was straddling you from behind. I began to massage your neck,
working my way slowly down to your shoulder. I felt you relax and groan in
contentment. I moved a little lower down your back and started rubbing toward
your sides of you chest.
"Don't touch my breasts." You said coldly.
 I sighed, and continued my task. I began to look down at your soft bottom. I
imagined your vagina only inches away. I thought of how it would feel for me to
be inside of you.  I began to swell with the contemplation of sensations that
occur only from this position. My lust for your beautiful body must have
translated to my fingers on your back.
"I know what your thinking. If you dick so much as touches my ass, let alone
anywhere else, I'll cancel our upcoming plans." You stated, again coldly,
without emotion. I think back to that night and remember how hard it was to
control myself.

 I remember the night that we had a date to go see a movie. I came over early,
as you asked, to pick you up. You answered the door wearing a large terry bath
towel. Inviting me in you said:
"I'm not quite ready yet." You said sarcastically.
"Yeah, I gathered that." I sat down in a chair to wait and looked over at you.
You pulled at the towel until it fell at your feet; you were naked under the
towel.
"I have to go take a shower still." You said with a large grin on your face. Of
course you didn't stop at that. You wandered about the room for a moment as if
you were looking for something you had set down. As you started to walk off, you
looked back at me, shrugged your shoulders and winked at me. The last thing I
heard before the water started:
"I'm locking the door, Brian."
Man, this was getting hard to deal with. I had no idea you could tease me like
this.  I could tell you were enjoying this as well. I had no idea that more was
in store.

   Yesterday was the worst.  It had begun after I had been asleep for only a few
hours. I woke up to the feel of your lips on mine. Softly you kissed me and
began running your hands up and down my chest.
"Keep your hands at your sides, Brian."
Your kisses began to intensify; I slowly opened my mouth, to feel your tongue on
mine.  As I tried to penetrate your lips, you grunted "no". As I pulled my
tongue back, I felt your follow.  Quick darting motions at first, then strong,
deep thrusts.  Your tongue wrestled with mine, forcing mine back and forth. I
lie there and enjoy being kissed like I have only dreamed. Your hands slowly
stopped moving across my chest. You then begin to suck on my ear lobe, again,
all I could do is lay there. I knew if I moved it would stop.  It took every
ounce of control I could muster not to push you off of me and ravish you.  I
heard soft moans from you as you move down to my neck. I too, was unable to
remain silent.  As I began to sigh, you reached up from my chest and placed two
fingers to my lips.  I thought it was a signal that I should remain silent.
However, you began to spread my lips with you fingers and slowly placed them in
my mouth until I began to suck on them. After a few seconds, you stopped kissing
me and removed your fingers.  Making eye contact with me, you made sure I saw
where you placed your fingers, between your legs. As you resumed your hard
passionate kisses, I listened to your groaning as your hand stimulated the area
where I could only wish to touch.  Moments later you halted your kisses, rolled
onto your back and continued moving your fingers in a stiff circular motion.  I
watched the expressions on your face, those of ecstasy, mimicked by the sounds
of pleasure that you uttered. I watched as your breathing changed to short deep
gasps, as you arched your back, the motions of you hand between your legs, your
other hand grasp the sheets as if you were holding on for your life. In between
gasps, groans and small screams, I heard you say:
"Don't you...wish...this was...your...hand...Oh my, god!"    You cried as your
orgasm flooded your body.
Once you regained your composure you locked your eyes with mine and raised the
two fingers that brought you to bliss and lowered them to you wet vagina. You
closed your eyes and made a small grunt as you slide them into yourself.  You
opened your eyes and raised your eyebrows as if to say "don't you wish this was
you?" I watched as you moved them back and forth, and slide them out slowly. I
could see they were glistening with your juices.  You reached over and in the
final tease, rubbed your moist fingers across my lips. Then with your evil
smile, you rolled over, facing away from me, as if I wasn't even there.  The
smell of your juices on my lips was intoxicating as it had been almost a month
since I had smelled them. I lay there and imagined how wonderful it would taste
and just as I was opening my mouth, I heard your cold impassionate voice that
you have been using while teasing me.

"A couple of things, Brian.  First, don't lick your lips; I am being nice enough
to let you smell me, but not enough for you to taste me. Second, I know your
dying to touch me, don't, not me or yourself."
"I understand." I stated with a note of disappointment in my voice.
"Oh and Brian?" you said softly as you rolled over and placed your arm across my
chest. "I have everything ready.  I want you; I want you to be mine. Are you
ready?" You asked in a passionate tone unlike the disinterested tone of a few
minutes ago.
"Yes, I'm ready, I'm yours." I said quietly.
"Good, I can't wait to make you mine, Brian."
"Nor can I."


Chapter III - The Beginning of the Evening

Finally the month of waiting, anticipation, and frustration have come to an end.
At least I think so.  I have no idea what you have thought up in the past few
weeks.  If the teasing has been any indication, it will be a very interesting
night indeed.  I have arrived at your place and after a few seconds of nervous
hesitation, I walk up to your door and knock.  As you open the door I am taken
back by how beautiful you are. You are wearing a low cut black shirt with a
black mini skirt and white tights with black shoes.  Simple clothes, yet they
accentuate your body so well. Of course you knew that I find the white tights
such a major turn-on.  I look into your face and see that you have your hair
pulled back just a bit and just have to admire you.  You move back just a step.
"Are you going to come in, or are you just going to stand there and drool?" You
ask, almost laughing.
"I'm sorry, you just look so beautiful tonight." I say as I walk inside.  As you
close and lock the door you come up to me, stand on you tip toes and give me a
quick kiss.
"You don't look so bad in those jeans and that t-shirt ether."
"Well, thank you." I say with a smile and a blush.
"Your nervous, aren't you?"
"Yeah, a bit I guess." I admit, you just giggle.  You walk away from me to get a
lighter and light the three scented candles that are around the room. Once that
is done you walk back over to me, smiling.
"What do you think of my outfit?" You ask as you twirl in a circle in front of
me.
"You look absolutely beautiful, I love the tights."
"Yup, I knew you would, and they are good for more than just something to look
at, don't you know?"
"Oh, how's that?" I ask.
"Guess you'll just have to wait and find out." You state with an evil giggle. "
I even had my nails done."  I look down your freckled arm to see your short
nails that are now a deep blue.  Another turn-on, you seem to know them all.  
"Well, I feel underdressed now, after all the preparation you went through."
"Nope, just a bit overdressed."
"Why do you say that?" I ask
"Never mind, now, are you ready, Brian?"
"Yes, I am." I state in a firm voice to hide not only my anticipation, but also
my nervousness. I watch as you walk over to the light switch.
"Good "you say as the lights click out and the candles take over the
illumination.  Walking back over to me I feel you grab my butt hard.
"Good, because your ass is mine now." You state through your teeth in and evil
yet playful tone.

Chapter IV - The Rules

  "Now, I am going to explain the rules to you. You had better follow them at
all times.  If you don't, you'll be punished or I may just decide to stop the
whole activity.  I'll get to what all punishment entails in a moment." You
explain as you walk around me in a small circle.
"First rule, well, it's more of a statement. You are mine now. You are my slave,
Brian. I use the term "slave" because that's what you are now.  You are my
properties, that bulge in those jeans, that is mine now. You cock is my toy to
play with."
"Second rule, needless to say, you will do what I say, when I say it." You state
in the cold tone that you seem to have perfected in the past few weeks.
"Third rule, you won't speak, unless spoken to, and when you do, you'll address
me as Mistress. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"Good, you're a quick learner." You say as you put you hand on my cheek.
"Fourth, this one shouldn't be too hard for you, you've had a lot of practice
recently. You wont touch me. Not unless I tell you too. You'll keep your hands
to yourself, when they aren't tied up." You state this fact while you stare up
into my face to observe my expression, which causes you to grin, that is
somewhere between playful and evil.
"Next, the word "no" is no longer in your vocabulary. If spoken or gestured,
there will be a price to pay for it.  I don't think these rules are too harsh. 
Now, do you agree with these rules, my little slave?"
"Yes, Mistress." I state, with some shock as to being called a slave. I am
beginning to believe that this may have been as much your fantasy as it was
mine.
"Good, because even if you didn't, it would be too late now."
 You turn and begin to walk away, just a few steps and you turn and state:
"Oh!  Did I forget to tell you the best rule of all? I make the rules. I can
change them anytime I like." You declare, followed by another one of your evil
little giggles.


Chapter V - Bare Realizations

  After your last rule you begin to walk off.  You walk toward the chair across
the room, moving in a sultry manner. I know that you're showing off your body,
swaying your hips, running you hand up and down your hip. Moving in such a way
that shows me every curve, which I can't touch.  You turn once you reach the
chair and sit down. Leaning back, you slowly cross your legs at your knees,
moving almost in slow motion.  I watch the white fabric expand and contract
across your legs. 
What I wouldn't give right now to be sitting next to you, running the tips of my
fingers around your knee, up your thigh to the hem of your skirt, following it
over and running my fingers in a circle on the inside of your thigh.
  "Pay attention to me now, Brian, not my legs." You utter as you rest you chin
in your hand, tapping your fingers on the arm of the chair.
  "Yup, you overdressed.  Strip, now, take off everything, including your watch.
I think that will be a new rule, you will be naked, unless I say otherwise."
As I begin to remove my shirt the thought of my punishment returns. I wonder
what exactly you have in mind. I sit down to remove my boots and socks,
wondering if its physical punishment. As I stand reaching for the buttons on my
jeans it crosses my mind that maybe its physiological. I have figured out over
the past month that you sure know how to tease. I think back over the past
month, how I haven't been able to have you. I look up out of the corner of my
eye as I continue unbuttoning. You have quite a grin on your face, this is
really exciting you. Just that though is enough to cause an erection just as I
slip out of my pants.   It is impossible to miss underneath my boxers.  This
causes me to blush to the shade of an apple. This does not go unnoticed by you,
as I here a small snicker. Once my boxers hit the floor, I look up to you, as
you give me another show of your legs in those tights. Standing up, you slowly
walk toward me; you extend a finger and place it on my chest. You begin to
circle me as you drag your finger across my body, from high on my chest to low
on my back, making circles, running it across whatever grabs your attention.

  "Very nice. I know it must just be killing you, to be standing here with me
dressed like this and not being able to do anything about it. Not being able to
run your hand up and down my thigh, not being able to suck on my fingertips, not
being able to feel how my butt feels through these tights under my skirt. That's
part of being a slave. Its all about my pleasure, not yours. Yours doesn't
matter, nor does it concern me. Do you realize that?  I know you haven't come
for almost a month now. That must just make this almost painful. Do you realize
the reason that you haven't come for so long now is because I haven't let you?
You have been my slave ever since the night that you suggested this. You didn't
realize that did you?"  You sound as if you are about to burst into laughter at
any moment.

My mouth drops open a bit as I shake my head. It hits me. She's right. I have
been under her control ever since that night. I don't know which is worse, the
fact that she had control over me for so long or that I didn't even recognize
it.

"Uh-oh, are you shaking your head "no"?  What did I say about that? Well, it
give me an opportunity to show you what I mean by punishment, so I'll let it
slide this time."

I'm not sure what that means. Am I in trouble or not? As I ponder this you walk
away back to your chair. This time you sit on the edge and don't cross your
legs.

"Come over here and lay across my lap, Brian." You say while motioning with a
blue fingertip toward you.
As I walk over toward you, I have a good idea what is in store for me. I walk up
to you and place myself across your legs, bracing myself with my arms against
the chair. I can feel my penis rub against your tights. I love how that feels
against my skin. However that thought dissipates with your next statement:
"This is the definition of punishment." With that, I feel you hand smack across
my butt. It stings, but I don't make a noise, thinking that if I do, you'll
smack me again. It doesn't matter, you continue with your spanking for a total
of ten smacks. My ass stings a bit after you finish. I wait for you to tell me I
can move.

"I can feel you cock on my thigh, Brian. I know you like how that feels. I
didn't give you permission for any pleasure.  I think I'll teach you a lesson
while I have you here." You whisper in my ear.

I know another spank is coming. The anticipation is almost as bad as the pain in
my butt. Finally you deliver your swat. You put twice the force in it than you
did the others, you continue your spanking, I loose track of the number. I am
unable to control the shock, and a small grunt escapes me as I bite my lip.
 "I think you learned your lesson, you may stand up now."  

Chapter VI - Restraint

As I rise, I feel the throb in my butt. I don't dare rub it, or another spanking
may ensue.  I notice you looking me over from head to toe. Your eyes stop for a
moment on my penis then fix on mine.
"You know, I have missed playing with my toy these last few weeks."  You
announce as you extend the tips of you fingers so that your dark cobalt nails
are visible. Slowly you begin to stroke the painted tips the length of my penis. 
Just your soft touch is enough to bring me to full erection.  I don't reveal
that I have missed your touch as well, not only missed it but longed for it. 
With your eyes locked on mine, you slowly move toward me.  Gently, you touch
just the tip of me with your tongue and lips. The warm, moist sensation that
surrounds me as you take all of me into your mouth is almost a sensory overload. 
Once you have me inside your mouth, I feel and hear a soft groan. You suck
tenderly for what seems an eternity, yet cannot be more that a few seconds. Then
as slow as you started you glide your tongue and lips back down me. A soft kiss
on the tip ends the month long boycott.
"That little taste was for my satisfaction, just so you know, not yours." You
say with a smile. "Now, I think it's about time to get you in a better position
so that I may enjoy myself more."
You stand and begin to walk away from me, looking over your shoulder, making
sure that I am watching every subtle move you make. Once you are several feet
from me you smile and say with a playful tone:
"Get on your knees, Brian."
As I move to accommodate you wish, I watch as with your back turned to me, you
start to bend over to unbuckle your shoe.  I watch as your skirt climbs ever so
slightly up the back of you thigh, stopping just below you bottom. Your bottom,
you are making quite an effort to make sure that it is the object of my gaze. 
As you unbuckle your first shoe, I can see that you're watching me through your
arms and legs.  You attention switches to your other shoe as you unbuckle it. 
Once you finish, you extend your thumb on your right hand and place it on you
ankle, your blue nail against your white covered skin.  Slowly, you begin to
stand. As you do, you drag your thumb gradually up the side of your leg.  Your
eyes alternate between your leg and my eyes. Once you reach the hem of your
skirt, you extend your thumb on your left hand as well and slide them both under
your skirt.
You seem to move in slow motion. The simplest tasks take minutes for you to
perform. I know that the main reason is my pleasure, if you can call it that. 
The way in which you can draw out movements
With both thumbs under your skirt, you begin to lift it. Naturally, you do this
at an unhurried pace.  It is obvious that you are aware of the effect that this
has on me. The least of which is the swelling between my legs. As the fabric of
you skirt climbs I am able to see the small blue panties that you have on under
your tights. Now that the top of your tights is visible, you place the tips of
your thumbs between your skin and the fabric. Sliding the tights down, you
wiggle your hips in such a way that I cannot miss your butt.  As you slip out of
the tights, you bend over so that you can step out of them.
  I look at your legs and glance at the point that they disappear under your
skirt. The point is only inches away from you butt. I think to myself, I imagine
my hands caressing your skin. I imagine the texture of your butt as I slowly run
my fingers over it, only to squeeze it firmly in my hand.    
As you finish removing your tights, you stand, letting your skirt fall back into
place. Draping your tights over your arm you turn to me.
"You look like your in you own little world there." You state as you walk
closer. Stepping behind me, you whisper in my ear:  " One were you would be
touching me, kissing me... fucking me."   You move your head and again whisper
in my other ear. "Not a chance, not tonight."  I can feel your warm breath on my
skin as you state this fact.
"In fact, I'm going to make it so you can't touch me.  Its time for me to show
you what else my tights are good for. Put your hands behind your back, Brian."
As you say this I can feel the tickle of a fabric against my skin along my back.
I place my hands together, behind my back.  I feel you grab my wrists and
forcefully move my arms into the position that you want. When you finish my arms
rest against each other, my palms almost to my elbows.
Suddenly I hear a smack of skin and feel a sting in my ass.  I jolt from the
surprise.
"Don't move or you'll get another one like that."  You whisper in my ear.
I cannot see what you are doing, but I can feel the material of the tights and
your fingers as you tie knots around my wrists and my arms just above my elbows. 
As you do this, thoughts cross my mind.  The thought of you tying me up, the
thought of being under your control. The notion of being your slave is enough to
create a painful swell between my legs.  Within a few moments the sensations
behind me cease. It is followed by the sound of rustling clothing.  Unexpectedly
a streak of blue fabric is dropped in front of my eyes, as my eyes focus I am
able to determine that the object happens to be the panties you were wearing
earlier. You wouldn't even allow me the enjoyment of watching you remove them. 
You wave them in front of my face a few times then drop them.  They catch on my
erect penis.  You notice this as you walk around me. The delight this chance
event gives you is obvious as you place you hand on my cheek and bend over, with
your face inches from mine.
"  Aww, those look so cute on you!"  You say in a silly voice.  " Maybe I'll
have to see what you look like with them all the way on."
 "You know, maybe I was wrong about one of the rules, maybe you should be
allowed to touch me." You say as you walk around and stand in front of me. You
spin around; bending over just a bit so you butt is right in my face.
"Go ahead, touch me, feel how soft my ass is, feel how wet my pussy is for you." 
You say in a soft alluring voice.
My heart skips a beat. Finally, after a month without the sensations your body
provides, I will be able to touch you. It seems to good to be true.
It is. Without thinking I begin to move my arms in front of me, when I am unable
to do so I recall the restraints. I pull harder, feeling the fabric of your
tights give just a bit. You wiggle your ass right in front of me, teasing. I
wrestle with the tights, pulling in different directions. My fingers fumble for
knots to loosen, and are unable to find them. I pull harder, with no result.
However you have done it, I cannot get untied.
"Oh wait, your all tied up, aren't you?  Too bad." You giggle.  " I'm glad that
I can make it so you cant get loose though."





Chapter VII - Your Pleasure

Your giggles ring in my ears.  That was quite a cruel trick; you really seem to
have a knack for this. You straighten up, turn around and stand as close to me
as you can.
"I'm really enjoying this, but I want more." You lift your skirt.
"All for my pleasure." You whisper. "Enough preparation, Brian. Pleasure me."

I look to see you have shaved your pubic hair into a small strip that surrounds
your vagina. My mouth begins to water, as I can smell your sweet musky scent. 
You don't wait for me to start, as you grab the back of my head and force my
face into you.  I begin to kiss you around the small patch of hair. I feel your
fingers tighten on the back of my head, signifying you want more than just small
kisses.  I open my mouth and begin to suck at your outer lips.  Without thinking
I try to move my hand forward so that I can spread them and lick deeper. I feel
the tension of your tights on my wrists and almost loose my balance.  You place
a hand on my shoulder to steady me. I feel your skirt resting on the top of my
head. I tilt my head back slightly and begin to lick and suck at your clit. I
hear you moan ever so slightly at this.   As I have repositioned my head the
fabric of you're skirt rolls of my head, into my eyes acting as a blindfold.  My
cock becomes hard again at the sound of your moans, as it always does.  You
remove your hand from my shoulder and place it between your legs to spread your
pussy wider.  The hand on the back of my head repositions my face so that I may
lick deep within you.  I relish the sensations and flavor that I have missed for
almost a month now. I continue thrusting my tongue into you and swallowing your
juices as they flow across my face.  I savor your sweet musky taste in my mouth. 
Your fingers begin to come together over your clit as you release your outer
lips. You move your fingers in a rhythmic circular motion, and I gather your
goal is orgasm. Within moments your moans intensify, and your fingers increase
their movement.  As your orgasm begins, you force my head harder into your mound
in such a way that your juices cover my nose, mouth, and chin. Your moans become
cries of pleasure in between your labored breathing.  As your fingers bring you
to orgasm, the hand on the back of my head moves my face so that your juices
flow over my entire face. You grind yourself into me so that not a spot on my
face is left untouched. As you regain your composure, you step back, letting
your skirt fall back into place.  Grasping my chin you lift my head so that my
eyes meet yours.
"That was incredible, my little slave.  I'll bet you enjoyed that almost as much
as I did. Your pleasure will come at a price though."  You bring your face
closer to mine, your eyes glancing over my face. Turning my head side to side,
you examine every inch and begin to giggle again. I realize that you are looking
over your juices glistening on my face.
"I got that all over your face. We're just going to let that dry. That sticky
mess will begin to become an irritant in about ten minutes. I don't think I'm
going to clean it off ether. Now as pleasurable as that was, I'm not satisfied. 
I need to grab a couple of things then we can continue."
As you walk off, I contemplate your last statement.  I realize my face will
begin to itch within the next ten minutes.  I can lick my lips, but your juices
cover most of my face.  There will be nothing I can do about that. I have no
idea how I am going to ether itch or remove the sticky fluid.  You return as
these thoughts run through my head.  I see you are holding a down comforter
under your arm. . In your left you hold a pink dildo and a smaller silver
vibrator. I wonder how you expect me to use it on you with both my arms tied
behind me.  You drop the blanket next to me on the floor as you move to the
coffee table.  You set both items down and walk back to me.


Chapter VII - Your Satisfaction

 You kneel down next to me and spread the blanket in a small square next to me. 
You then look at my erect penis.  You grab it firmly and look into my eyes.
"I know it's been almost a month since you have had any satisfaction. I don't
know how you did it. I couldn't have, I didn't." You mutter with an evil grin,
releasing me you nudge me just a bit to the point where I lose my balance and
fall onto the comforter.
"Get seated Brian." You say as you walk back to the chair and sit down. It takes
several minutes of movement in awkward positions, but with some difficulty I am
able to get into a sitting position on the blanket.
"Nope, there was no way I was going to go a whole month without satisfaction. So
I had to take it upon myself. Let me show you how."
With that, you also give me a wink. You walk gracefully to the center of the
room and place your hands on your hips. You extend the index finger on your
right hand, showing me the shimmer of the blue paint on the tip.  You slowly
place it in your mouth and remove it.  You then place it at the top of your
cleavage and run down your breasts, until it is under your shirt.  With that
finger you pull your shirt forward and look underneath the fabric.  Raising your
head, you quickly raise your eyebrows, as if to silently say: 'They look good
and you can't touch them.'  Letting the shirt snap back into place you put your
hands at the bottom of your shirt and leisurely remove it. This reveals your
beautiful breasts, held in place by a black lace bra. My cock grows painfully
hard again.  I only seem to notice this with each new erection.  I cannot tell
whether the grin on your face is from noting my arousal or from the fact I am
tied up.  You throw your shirt at me, hitting me in the face.  It falls to the
floor.  You reach behind your back and unsnap your bra.  You gently remove it
and let it fall to the floor in front of you.  You run your fingertips along
your back, under your arms, to your breasts.  You cup them for a moment. I
cannot help but think to myself how I wish it were my hands holding them. 
Releasing them you slide your hands back to your hips and reach behind you to
unzip your skirt.  I hear an unhurried zip, followed by gravity taking control
of your skirt. You shake your head and smile, knowing that I must be beside
myself with envy at this point.  Turning away from me, you bend over the coffee
table and grasp the dildo.  You look over your shoulder again, and motion your
eyes toward your body.  With you bent over, your pussy is visible.  I notice the
gleam of your juices increasing.  You stand back up, walk to the edge of your
chair and sit down, leaning back and spreading your legs.  I had no idea you
could have this much control over me, let alone utilize it as you have.  You set
your dildo on your abdomen and extend your index fingers on each hand.  You hold
them up to show me that they are painted blue.  I recognize the fact you plan on
taking every opportunity to tease me.  With each finger, you trace circles
around each nipple.  Closing your eyes and with an expression of bliss you pinch
and twist your nipples until they are hard. For several moments you play with
your nipples, licking your fingers, twirling them around the tips of each
breast. Opening your eyes, you look down at each breast then look me in the eyes
and lick your lips. Knowing full well that right now, I want one of them in my
mouth. I have missed the sensation of your nipple becoming erect in my mouth,
the sensation of your areola, growing firm under my tongue. Your eyes say one
thing. "You can look, but you cannot touch."  Leaning back in your chair, you
look at me for a moment, expressionless.  Grasping your dildo, you bring the
base to your mouth.  You rudely stick your tongue out at me then place it
against the base of your toy.  You the gradually lick your way to the top.  With
your eyes fixed on mine again, you suck on the tip of the phallus in the same
fashion you did with my cock earlier.   You close your eyes, open your mouth
wider and begin to move the dildo in and out, deeply in your mouth.  I bite my
lip to try to control my emotions, knowing what that must feel like.  Removing
the wet phallus from your mouth, you place it between your legs. You open your
pussy with your other hand.  Inserting just the first few inches, you open your
eyes to make sure my attention is focused on you.  I see you bite you lip, close
your eyes and thrust the remaining portion into yourself.  This swift action
causes you to make a noise that resembles a groan, a sigh, and a scream.  I
watch as you begin to rhythmically penetrate yourself. 

"Oh my god, Brian, I love the feel of my rubber cock inside of me. I know you
wish this cock were yours." You say in between gasps.

I watch you reach over to the table. When your hand returns to view, I see that
you are holding the silver vibrator your brought in with you. You pause your
motions long enough to turn your new toy on.  Once you resume your penetrations,
you place the tip on the area of your clit. You bring yourself to the point of
climax then remove the vibrator and stop your thrusts.  You lift up on you dildo
without removing it and place your vibrator at the edge of your pussy.  You
twirl the tip in the copious amount of fluid that glistens from your pussy. 
Removing the vibrator, you place one foot up on a nearby footstool.  Doing this,
you bring your anus into view.  I am stunned at your next action, not as much as
I am aroused.  Lowering the vibrator, you gently insert the tip in to your ass. 
You shriek and squirm in delight of this new sensation.  You resume your thrust
with your dildo and gasp at each one.  Within several minutes, you bring
yourself to an orgasm with a force that I have not seen before.  As you begin to
catch your breath, you gently remove the vibrator from your bottom.  You give a
heavy moan as your remove it completely, as it no doubt caused as much of an
enjoyable sensation as it did entering.  After turning it off and setting it
down, you remove your pink dildo, again with a groan.  You return it to the
coffee table and look at me.
"Now that was satisfying."  You say in a winded voice.  "Satisfaction my goal
tonight. I think you will be able to satisfy that." You tell me. "By the way,
how's your face doing?"
I had been lost in your activity and the sensation had gone unnoticed, until
now. I now note a dried, itching sensation over my face. I try to move my arm,
with out result. I shake my head, as if that would help. You walk behind me and
give me a forceful smack on my ass. We both know that I was not trying to say
'no', you are just showing off your dominance.



Chapter IX - Your Fantasy

. "I think its time I revealed my fantasy."

You assist me to my feet. I am a bit unstable as my legs are cramped and my
balance unsteady. You walk me backwards and sit me on the edge of the chair in
which you gave your earlier display.  You walk over to the coffee table and pick
up your pink dildo. You play with it in your hands, running it up and down your
body as you walk toward me.
"You see, Brian, it is my desire to force my man to become, for lack of a better
term, my bitch." You state.

Those words ring through my ears, and a twinge of shock and panic grip me.

"This is a role reversal.  I know this very unnerving and uncomfortable to you.
That of course is part of the fun, for me, that is." You declare in an evil
voice. "I will explain it to you to set you a little more at ease."
"This is my cock." You explain, holding the dildo in front of me. "Just like
this one is yours." You say while fondling me. "Well, it was yours, now its
mine, too." You say with a smile.
"Although I obviously don't have a sense of touch with this, it does provide me
pleasure by other methods.  You know how enjoyable it is to watch your cock
slide in and out of my mouth; it is the same for me.  We are going to start by
having you give me a blowjob. You are going to give me head, not some guy."  You
bend over, with your lips next to my ear.  "Remember, you can't say no, even if
you could, I would still force you.  Simply because I have the power, and
because, believe it or not, you will enjoy this."
"Oh, and after my blowjob, I'm going to take your virginity."
The fear and shock still grip me.  The information you have just declared
reverberates in my head. I'm not sure what you mean by that last statement, but
I have an idea.  I quickly review my options.  In less than a second I realize I
have none.  There is no way to get out of this.  Even if I should try, I know
that I will still end up performing oral sex on your dildo.  Just before you
speak again your last sentence comes back to me.  I may enjoy this. I find this
difficult to believe. I know in my heart that you wouldn't do anything to hurt
me, also.  I appreciate the fact that I have no choice. I am yours.
"So then, Brian, what is it going to be?  Are you going to try this?  Or, do I
make you?"
I slowly open my mouth in submission.
"Good boy." 

You place the pink toy between your legs, with the base against your soft mound. 
Slowly you walk closer to me. I can't help but be disconcerted by the fact that
you plan to make me suck on your dildo.  You grasp my chin and force my mouth
open. You bring your phallus to the edge of my mouth. With just the tip, you
circle my lips. It is still heavy with your scent. I feel the hard rubber as you
move from my upper lip to my lower.  After a few swipes around my lips you
decide that you've had enough of your teasing.  You withdraw just a bit. The
smile on your face is hard to miss.  With your mouth, you motion for me to open
mine. I comply; I know I don't have a choice at this point.  You slide the first
bit into my mouth.  The taste is hard to describe. A mix of rubber or latex and
of course you, as it was inside of you not too long ago.  You slide the toy
further into my mouth. It is hard to move my tongue; my mouth is bulging with
your rubber cock.

"Oh, Brian." You sigh. "You look so cute sucking my cock.  I can only imagine
how this feels when I do this to you."

I am not sure how to feel. I look down and see the pink phallus coming out from
my mouth, your mound only a few inches away from my nose.  I look up; you have a
constant smile, as if you can feel the moistness around your toy.  I try to
remember that this is just an extension of you. I begin to suck on your cock as
if it were your nipple.  This sensation is transmitted through the hard rubber
to your pussy.
"Oh, yes, suck on me. Suck my cock, slave." You moan.
I begin to imagine that this is really just a part of you. Its not that hard to
do, the taste, aside from the semi-rubber flavor, is just like that of you
vagina. You have completely covered this in your juices and their strong flavor
remains.  I have always loved how you have tasted; this is just a new way of
enjoying that. I close my eyes and give in to the fact that this is a part of
your body in my mouth. I begin to move my tongue over your cock. I pull my head
back a bit then forward, sliding it deeper in my mouth. I emulate motions that
you have made while sucking my cock.   As I always do while I am sucking on a
part of your body, I begin to moan, lightly at first.  The sensations of my
moans are transmitted through the toy directly to your mound.
"Mmm, you have a knack for this, slave, this feels wonderful. Time to move onto
bigger and better things though." You state as you withdraw your toy from my
mouth.



Chapter X - My Virginity


" Tonight you're going to lose your virginity. This will be just like a girl
losing hers. It hurts at first, and then it's uncomfortable to have something in
your body. That will give way to pleasure."  You bring your mouth next to my
ear. "I know you don't believe me yet, but eventually, you will be begging me to
give it to you." You murmur softly.  "Wait here while I get some things." I
watch as you leave.  The thought of this is a little disconcerting to me still.
I doubt that I will ever be asking for this either.
You return a moment later with a large pillow clutched to your chest, I can see
a bulge inside the pillowcase, and I can imagine what is in there.  You empty it
into the chair, behind my back.  You then walk over to where the comforter has
been lying and spread it out completely.  You lay the pillow on the blanket. You
then look up at me, smiling and biting your lower lip, you nod for me to come
over to you. I stand and walk to you.
"Lay down length wise across this pillow." You command. I kneel down next to
you. As I do, you reach behind me and untie my arms. I then lay on the pillow as
you have told me; it is quite a large pillow running from my chest just past my
groin. Before I can do anything with my arms you have tied a knot around one
wrist with you tights, slung it around a leg of your coffee table and begin
tying my other wrist.
"You didn't think that you were going to get out of being tied up now did you?"
you smile and state with a slight sarcastic tone.
 My arms are now stretched out in front of me, tied to the table. There is just
enough slack in the tights so that I am unable to pull the table closer and
unable to get even my elbows under me. Once again I am at your mercy. As I
listen to the rustling of your preparation, thoughts begin to cross my mind. The
thought of being completely yours crosses my mind again.  As does the thought of
having you do something to me that I may not want.  I am yours. I am your slave.
I am about to become your bitch. These thoughts begin sink in. Then the thought
of you ravishing me as I would you comes to me, it is an arousing thought. The
thought of you doing what you will with me causes a swell between my legs. I
roll a bit on the pillow to accommodate my erection, which doesn't go unnoticed
by you. As your grasp my cock firmly, you whisper in my ear.
"Oh, is my bitch getting a little horny? I told you, you would be asking for
this." You stand up and walk in front of me; you are now wearing black leather
strap with a dildo attached.
"Now I am going to give it to you." You say as you walk behind me. I feel you
kneel down between my legs. You run your hand up along my spine and lay across
my back. I can feel you dildo, your cock, poking me in one of my butt cheeks.
"One last little thing, I can't have you making too much noise.  So, open your
mouth."
As I open my mouth to comply I see a red ball with two leather straps attached
to it.  It's a ball gag. Before I can close my mouth you have place the gag at
my lips and tugged hard enough so that the ball fills my mouth. I can feel the
straps tightening around the back of my head. Once the motion has stopped, I try
to force the ball out of my mouth.  I am unable to budge it.
"Oh, don't even try to spit it out, it's in there to stay." You state
matter-of-factly.
 "Your ass is going to be my pussy. But your pussy doesn't get wet like mine
does, so we need to fix that."  I hear a squirt of what sounds like some sort of
lubricant "This is going to feel cold and different." You state.
I feel your finger as it passed between my cheeks, I can feel the chill of the
lubricant as it slides toward its goal.  I feel the tip of your finger just at
my anus. Then with one swift thrust you slide your finger into me. The
unexpected shock makes me jump. You move your finger in a circle inside of me,
while sliding in and out.
"Ohh, a little jumpy huh? I know my finger isn't what you wanted, but don't
worry, you'll get the real thing here in just a minute.  I just have to get you
wet first." You say in a teasing voice.  You withdraw your finger, spread my
legs wider and position yourself. I can feel the cold phallus just at my anus.
You bring your mouth next to my ear.
"I have to have you now. Its time for me to make you my bitch." You state in a
lusty voice.
"Just relax, don't fight it." You tell me.
I feel the tip of the dildo enter my ass. You slowly push what feels like the
first inch into me. It is cold and uncomfortable.
"This is going to hurt a bit." You begin to whisper, but before you finish the
word 'hurt', you slide the remaining length of your cock into me. My ass erupts
in pain. I try to yell for you to take it out. The gag muffles my cries. I try
to wiggle out from underneath it, but I am unable to as I am lying under you.  I
continue to yell through the gag. I try to pull my hands toward me to get them
underneath me; I am still bound with your white tights. I can't support myself,
let alone reach back to remove your toy.
"Shhh, quiet, give it a minute. It will go away, I promise. Bite the ball until
it does, just lay still." You calmly state in a soothing voice, as you run your
fingernails up and down my back. 
I listen to you. I stop moving; try to relax, stop yelling and start chewing on
the gag, fighting the pain. I lay there for several minutes. Shortly the pain
begins to dissipate. Now I just feel the fullness of your cock inside of me. It
is a completely different sensation then what I have ever felt before.  A few
more minutes pass and the pain continues to subside. You notice that I have
begun to relax.
"Its stopped hurting, hasn't it?" you ask quietly as you wiggle you hips, moving
the phallus inside of me.
I nod that it has.
"I told you it would, this is where it becomes enjoyable."
You begin slow rhythmic movements sliding your rubber cock in and out of me. It
becomes a pleasurable sensation as you withdraw it, a relief of the intrusion
into me. As you push back into me a feeling of fullness with a twinge of pain
envelops me.  The pain is a sensation that difficult to describe, it that sort
of a pain that occurs after strenuous activity.  A good pain. You increase the
frequency of your movements and the forcefulness of your penetrations.
"You like that Brian, don't you?" You whisper.
I nod that I do.
"Of course you do, you're a good little bitch." You state with a quick smack to
my butt. "Now you know what its like for the first time. It gets better each
time."  You tell me. "This will not be the last time, ether." You whisper.
 I shiver at the thought. My penis stings as it swells at the thought of you
making me yours.
"My little slave likes the sound of that, I see."  You declare as you hand
slides around my hip and grasps my penis. This only excites you more as you
grind harder into me. You stop, slowly pull back and wait for a moment. You
grasp the strap of the gag so that I have to face forward. Then, suddenly, you
thrust into me again while pulling on the gag. I groan in pleasure. Now instead
of a steady, constant rhythm, you begin a series of sporadic thrust, followed by
a long pause. The anticipation of your penetration has now become as exciting as
the actual sensation.
"Mmm, you look so cute with my dildo in your ass." You sigh. "You enjoy being my
little slave, don't you?"
I nod.
"Good, you're going to be my little slave from now on, aren't you?" You ask me
softly.
Again, I nod
"Very good, I thought as much. You have been such a good slave for me tonight. I
think it's been long enough. You have suffered and served very well. Just
remember, that since you are now mine, this next task is now mine to control
completely."   You tell me.  "I am giving you permission to come." You whisper
in my ear.
Those two separate thoughts run through my mind.  The thrill, that after a
month, I will be able to come and the relief and pleasure that will come a long
with that.  At the same time the feeling of excitement and uncertainty that will
come along with that.
"Grind yourself into the pillow your laying on until you come. I know that after
a month, you wanted something more than that.  Just remember that, now, its up
to me how this gets used, because it is mine, not yours any more." You firmly
state as you slide your hand around and grasp my cock and squeeze tightly.  I
catch myself in mid-thought. It's not my cock that you're grasping, it's yours
now.  With that I begin to slowly move myself against the pillow.  You wiggle
your hips side to side, reminding me that your dildo is still inside of me.  As
I push into the pillow, you pull your hips back, almost to the point of
withdrawing the phallus. I pull my hips back to push again into the pillow, as I
do, you forcefully thrust into me.  The sensation of thrusting myself against
you cock and stimulating mine at the same time is incredible. The feeling is
indescribable. As I push harder into the pillow, you thrust harder as I pull
back. The sensation is overwhelming.  I begin to move faster, only to have the
speed of your thrusts match mine. The stimulation is too intense, I am unable to
control myself and after a few moments I begin to groan through the gag.
"Oh, yes, my little slave, come for me." You shout. This is followed by several
hard spanks. " Come with my cock in your ass, like a good bitch."  I feel you
grasp my hips and grind into me as hard as you can. This movement grinds into
you just as much as it does to me, and I hear you begin to orgasm. With that I
can hold back no more. I have the most forceful orgasm I have ever had. I feel
my cock explode with what feels like a river onto the pillow as I yell against
the gag in my mouth.  I am lost in the moment, which seems to last forever. When
it subsides, I am out of breath, I feel my heart race, and I feel my cock
continue pulsating with come that has been stored for more than a month now. I
feel you with draw your dildo from me and lay across my back.
"Fantasy has met reality with amazing results. Thank you for sharing this with
me. I think fantasy will overlap with reality more often, Brian, my little
slave.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  tatt2dmedic


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





