BDSM Library - Once Married




Once Married
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man avenges the rape and torture of his wife by raping and torturing the loved ones of the perpetrators.
                       ONCE MARRIED

	He had been married once.
	His wife's name was Jeannie. With the light brown hair.
Long, lovely light brown hair with eyes to match. Sweet, loving,
smart and sensual. She was twenty-three years old, and they had
been married for two years.
	It was the trips to Vegas that did it. He'd always
considered himself a lucky gambler, but when the luck went bad it
stayed bad. He kept waiting for it to change back, until he had
to borrow to pay his losings. Those he borrowed from were not
happy when it turned out he couldn't pay them either.
	He didn't realize how bad the situation was until it was too
late and they were coming after him. So he had to go away for a
while. He would disappear, just until he had the money he needed.
He assured his wife he would be back soon, and warned her, just
in case, not to tell anyone where he was going. But he never
thought they would go after her.
	They were waiting for her in her apartment when she came
back from shopping. There were three of them. At first they were
very polite. They explained that her husband had defaulted on his
gambling debts and had now evidently run away, and all they
wanted of her was to tell them where he was. Of course she said
she didn't know, and of course they didn't believe her. They
explained that if she told them right away they would leave with
no further trouble. She would certainly tell them eventually, but
if they had to force her to tell them, not only would it be very
painful for her, but they would feel entitled to some
compensation for their trouble. The use of her very attractive
body, they told her, would be the compensation they would feel
compelled to exact.
	She said she didn't know where her husband was.
	They said they were sorry, but they would have to force her
to tell them. They asked her, politely, to take off her clothes.
	She told them to go to hell.
	They moved in on her.
	She fought. She screamed. She tried to get away.
	They picked her up and hung her out the window by her
ankles.
	The apartment was in a high-rise building, on the thirty-
second floor. They opened the window and pushed her through it.
Two of them held onto her ankles, one at each foot, and they held
her out from the building and let her dangle, upside down,
swinging a little, thirty-two stories above the street. She
screamed horribly, frantically, but no one on the street could
hear her from that distance, and no one glanced up to see the
screeching, dangling woman, her long hair hanging down, her hands
clutching desperately and helplessly at the empty air.
	It didn't take her long to tell them, screaming out the
information between sobs of terror and self-hatred. When they
pulled her back in, she lay face down on the floor for some time,
unable to move, just shaking and whimpering and clawing at the
floor as if she could burrow into it, and after that she gave
them no trouble at all.
	They told her to strip for them, and then to crawl for them,
and then to suck them off, and she did it all. They told her to
ask them to fuck her, and she did that too. They told her that if
she didn't make it good for them they would put her out the
window again, and so she gave them the best fucking any of them
had ever had. She was crying all the while, but they didn't mind
that.
	After that they kept her there with them for two days, naked
all the time, and they did everything with her they could think
of. When they left they hung her out the window again. They tied
a long rope tightly around her ankles and fastened the other end
to a radiator, and left her that way, naked and dangling and
screaming. By the time she was noticed and rescued, some time
later, she had gone, literally and permanently, insane.

                           #

	The woman was about twenty, tall and very slender, though
well curved. Her hair was short, straight and very dark, and she
had a deep tan. She hung naked in the middle of the room, her
arms stretched high above her head, wrists lashed together with
rope, the other end of which was tied around an exposed beam in
the ceiling. Her legs were spread widely apart, each ankle also
tethered with lengths of rope which were tied off to heavy pieces
of furniture. Her body was pulled taut, her stretched thighs
quivering, her arms strained to the limit, her small but sensuous
breasts almost flattened, though the nipples stood out pinkly
against her tanned skin.
	A man sat in a chair across the room. He was roped into the
chair with his hands behind him. His face was ashen, and blood
dripped from an inadequately bandaged wound in his knee, where he
had been shot.
	Another man--the man who had been married once--was sitting
at a table on one side of the room, playing solitaire. He played
slowly, calmly, with seemingly unending patience. At the end of
each game, he would look up at the woman. Sometimes she would
look back at him. Sometimes she would look away. Sometimes she
did not seem to be aware of his gaze.
	At one point the man in the chair asked the man who had been
married why he didn't just kill him and get it over with. The
other man replied that he knew why. The first man said if he
meant to rape the woman as some kind of revenge, why didn't he
just do that then. The other man replied that she was a very
strong woman and he wanted to break her first. And he wanted the
man in the chair to see that.
	Then he went back to playing solitaire.
	As time passed the woman's breathing became very audible in
the quiet room. Soon she was panting loudly, and then after a
while she began to moan. The man still looked up at her after
each game, waiting. The woman's straining body was gradually
suffused with perspiration. Her moans became louder, though she
was obviously trying to control them.
	The man played on.
	The man in the chair gave an occasional curse. The man at
the table paid no attention.
	After a long time the woman made a sound like a sob, and
helplessly released a quantity of urine onto the floor. The man
went on playing solitaire. After a time the urine was joined by
more solid matter, plopping gently onto the floor. The woman
began to sob, with despair as well as with pain and shame. The
man in the chair began to shout. The man at the table told him to
be quiet or he would shoot him in the other leg as well.
	After another long time the woman in a hoarse, choking voice
told the man that she would do what he wanted. The man calmly
finished his game before responding to her. Then he looked up at
her once more, and asked her if she was sure. The woman said yes.
The man reminded her that she had said that she would never do
it.	Not ever, under any circumstances. He asked her if she hadn't
said that to him, even while he was holding a gun on her. She
admitted that she had. The man asked her now to say again that
she would do it.
	She said it again.
	The man got up from the table and cut her down. She fell
into her own filth. The man told her to go into the bathroom and
clean herself up. The woman was unable to get to her feet. She
crawled into the bathroom. The man told her to leave the door
open. He sat at the table and watched through the bathroom door
as she painfully managed to get herself into the bathtub and turn
on the water. She was in there for a long time, but he waited
patiently. The man in the chair cursed him again. He would have
shot him in the other leg, but he didn't want the man to pass
out. He wanted him to watch.
	Finally the woman came out of the bathroom. She was able to
walk now, stiffly. She was still naked, but she was clean. The
man unzipped his fly and took out his cock.
	The woman hesitated. He just waited, watching her. The woman
looked at the man in the chair, then back at him. Then she walked
close to him and slowly got down on her knees. Then she took his
cock in her mouth and began to suck it.
	She did it mechanically, but he didn't care. He watched her
doing it, watched her head moving. Then he looked at the other
man. The man in the chair was crying.
	When the woman stopped for a moment the man told her to keep
going, and she did. He alternated between watching the naked
crouching figure with the bobbing head and watching the crying
man. Finally he came in the woman's mouth. She didn't have to be
told to swallow it. He had made it clear before he had hung her
up that that was what he wanted.
	When she was finished swallowing he told her to clean up the
mess she had made on the floor. He told her to clean it up with
her mouth. The woman stared at him. He looked at her, and then at
the place where she had been hanging. The woman started to crawl
toward the mess. The man in the chair began to shout again. The
man who had been married was tired by now and he shot the
shouting man in the head.
	The woman started to cry. The man told her not to bother
with the cleanup now; there was no point any more. He left her
there on the floor and went out of the house.

                        #

	The girl was sixteen and very pretty, with long blonde hair
and the body and legs of a woman several years older. Her hair
was twisted into a braid, the end of which was knotted, and
secured with strong thin wire, around a horizontal slat at the
back of the sturdy wooden chair in which she was seated. The
braid was pulled tight, and the resulting pressure on her scalp
pulled her head sharply back, so that it rested on the top of the
chair, her neck straining and her pain-clouded eyes gazing at the
ceiling. Her hands were pulled behind the chair, her wrists tied
together and lashed to the same wooden slat. These circumstances
caused her high, ripe breasts to thrust boldly outward. Her legs
were spread widely apart and hooked over the broad wooden arms of
the chair, each ankle roped tightly to one of the side rungs.
They were stretched so wide that her lower body was canted
forward, her open crotch prominently displayed as her buttocks
rested almost at the very edge of the chair seat.
	She was crying.
	There were still clothes on her body, but they hid nothing.
Her blouse gaped open around the taut, quivering breasts, her
brassiere dangling uselessly below them. Her short skirt had slid
down her sharply angled thighs until it rested about her hips;
the ruins of her panties lay on the floor beside the chair. The
man who had been married once stood in front of her. In his hand
was a short, thin, flexible switch.
	The girl's father was standing a short distance away, his
body lashed securely to a pillar that ran from floor to ceiling,
rope winding around his body from ankles to neck, so that he was
unable to move anything but his head. He was pleading with the
other man in a hoarse, desperate voice, making threats, making
promises. The man who had been married raised the switch and
brought it down with all his strength across the tethered girl's
breasts.
	The girl screamed horribly. The other man screamed too.
	The man with the switch raised it again. The girl screamed
before he brought it down. The switch whistled through the air.
It made a sharp vicious cracking sound against her inner thigh.
Her shriek now was inhuman. The girl twisted and bucked in the
chair, pulling mindlessly against the strong ropes, her hair
straining at her scalp. The girl screamed for her father to help
her. The man with the switch told her that her father would never
be able to help her again. He then began methodically to whip her
with the switch up and down her body, as hard as he could. Each
time he struck her she screamed , and the other man screamed also.
The switch slashed across her breasts, her torso, her stomach,
her thighs, moving down then up over her body, which bucked and
twisted and writhed, her eyes rolling frantically in her pulled-
back head, terrible screams emerging continually from her gaping
mouth until she was hoarse. Thin red welts marked her body from
shoulders to knees. The man stopped when the girl lost
consciousness.
	The man against the pole was crying. The other man untied
the ropes that held the girl in the chair. She slid to the floor,
moaning as she began to regain consciousness. The man dropped the
switch and began to remove his clothing. The man against the pole
began to shout. The first man waited until the girl was fully
aware again. When she saw he was naked she began to cry and again
called out for her father. The naked man got down on top of her
and spread her legs apart with his. He looked up at the man
against the pole and then thrust himself into her.
	The girl was a virgin. The man took her roughly as she
sobbed and twisted weakly. When he was finished he stood up and
took out his gun. The man against the pole began to rave and
curse. Knowing he was going to die, he lashed out at the man with
the gun, telling him about how they had raped his wife, telling
him how his wife had fucked them all, and sucked them all,
telling him that his wife had been the best fuck he ever had. The
man with the gun listened. Then he put the gun away. He got down
on the floor with the blonde girl and rolled her over onto her
stomach. With one hand he took hold of her hair and pulled her
head back so that she was looking up at her father. With the
other hand he pushed her right arm up behind her back, and kept
pushing it until it broke. The crack of the bone breaking was
distinct. The girl screamed horribly. Her body twisted in agony.
The man against the pole fell silent. The man who had been
married asked him if he wanted to tell him anything more about
what they had done with his wife. The man against the pole said
no. The man on the floor, still pulling on the girl's hair so
that she was forced to look up at her father, took hold of her
other arm and pushed it up behind her to the breaking point. The
girl screamed. The man against the pole begged the other man to
just kill him and leave the girl alone. The man on the floor
pushed the arm further until it broke. The girl howled like an
animal. The man let go of her hair and turned her over. Her
broken arms flopped about, and she screamed and screamed as the
bones ground together. The man moved up and put his cock into her
screaming mouth. The man against the pole began to cry again. The
man on the floor held the girl's hair with one hand to keep her
head still while he fucked her mouth. With his other hand he took
hold of one of her broken arms and moved it up and down. When the
girl passed out from the pain he took his cock out of her mouth
and shot his come all over her face. Then he got up, took out his
gun again, and shot the man against the pole in the crotch. He
shot him there three times, and then he sat down in a chair and
watched as the man slowly bled to death. Then he left.

                            #

	The woman was twenty-four. She had long auburn hair and a
full, rounded figure. She was tied spread-eagled across a small
table, her body stretched tightly. She was stark naked. There
were electrodes clamped onto her nipples and her clitoris. Wires
led from them to a small device held by the man who had been
married, who stood a short distance away. The woman's brother was
tied into a chair on the other side of her.
	The man who had been married turned the dial on the device
he held. He turned it about halfway. The woman's body arched off
the table, the ropes on her wrists and ankles cutting sharply
into her flesh as her vibrating body strained in agony. An animal
cry came from her throat, sounding like nothing either of the men
had ever heard before. The man kept the dial where it was for ten
seconds before turning it back. The woman fell back onto the
table, gasping for breath, and then began to sob.
	The man in the chair laughed.
	The other man stared at him. Then with an angry gesture he
turned the dial again, further this time. The woman's shriek was
ear-splitting. Every muscle in her body, every vein and tendon in
her arms and legs, seemed to stand out against her flesh as her
tethered body strained and convulsed in a quivering dance of
unimaginable anguish. This time the man kept the torment going
for fifteen seconds before turning it off.
	The man in the chair laughed again.
	The man who had been married took out his gun.
	The man in the chair told him he should have done that in
the first place, instead of wasting his time torturing that silly
bitch.
	The man with the gun said he wanted him to watch someone he
loved suffer, as his own wife had suffered at the hands of him
and his friends. He told him that the other two had each watched a
loved one suffer horribly before he had killed them.
	The man in the chair told him he was wasting his time, as he
didn't love anybody. Certainly not his sister. He said the man
who had been married could torture the stupid bitch all he
wanted, and he himself would only enjoy it. He advised the other
man to shoot him and get it over with.
	The man with the gun said it couldn't be that easy. The
woman tied to the table was sobbing, and now she began to beg.
She pleaded with him not to hurt her any more. She said she would
do anything. The man with the gun asked her if she would satisfy
him with her mouth. The woman sobbed and moaned. The man fingered
the dial. The woman screamed and said she would do it.
	The man in the chair laughed again. He told the man that
that was what his wife had said.
	The other man raised the gun. The man in the chair
stiffened. But the other man didn't shoot. He put the gun away.
Then he asked the woman if she would do the same thing to her
brother. The woman looked horrified. She couldn't bring herself
to speak. The man turned the dial. The woman began to scream
again even before he had moved it, and when he did the scream
turned into an eerie guttural sound that was sheer horror. It
took her a while to stop gasping and moaning and making
incoherent babbling sounds. When she was able to respond he asked
her again if she would use her mouth on her brother. She said
yes.
	The man in the chair told him he was crazy. He said he
didn't think he could even get it up for the silly cunt, and if
he did, so what? The other man said it didn't matter. He said
that once his sister had his cock in her mouth, he would die in
one of two ways. Or maybe three. The first way would be for his
sister to bite his cock off and let him bleed to death.
	The woman screamed.
	He would give her that option, he said. If she did that he
would not have to hurt her any more. If she did not, he would
just have to continue to administer the electrical treatments.
With his cock in her mouth, and the electricity flowing through
her body, one of two things would happen. Either in her spasmodic
reaction to the electric shocks she would bite down on her
brother's penis involuntarily; or he would have to administer such
a severe dose that the electricity flowing through her body, and
conducted to his through her moist mouth around his cock, would
electrocute both of them.
	The man in the chair said again that he was crazy.
	The other man said he already knew that.
	Then he untied the woman from the table. She was moaning and
trembling. He led her to the chair in which her brother was tied,
put her on her knees and tied her legs together and her hands
behind her back. He found a knife and cut the man's pants open,
exposing his genitals. Then he told the woman to take her
brother's penis in her mouth. The woman, shaking and whimpering,
appeared unable to move. The man who had been married turned the
dial.
	The woman fell onto her side, writhing and convulsing,
flopping about like a landed fish and howling like a dog. The man
turned the dial back, then almost immediately turned it up again.
The woman's body bucked and banged against the floor. Her eyes
bulged until it seemed they would explode. The man turned the
dial back. The woman rolled back and forth in a rocking motion
for a long time, twitching and mewling. Finally the man pulled
her up to her knees again by her hair. He waited, fingering the
device with the dial.
	The shaking, whimpering woman bent her head and took her
brother's flaccid penis in her mouth.
	The man who had been married told her to bite it off.
	The woman seemed to try. The muscles of her jaw moved
slightly. Her eyes glittered with terror. The sound of her rapid
fearful panting was loud in the room. She seemed to try again.
But she couldn't do it.
	The man who had been married sighed. Then he turned the dial
on the electrical device as high as it would go.

                            #

	The man who had been married returned to the city where he
had lived with his wife. He went back to his old apartment
building, took the elevator to his apartment on the thirty-second
floor and let himself in. Once inside, he went directly to the
window out of which the three men had hung his wife. He opened
the window. Then he climbed up onto the sill and jumped out.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pamela


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





