BDSM Library - Jane's Bitch




Jane's Bitch
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Two girls who share an aparatment find excitement and contentment together in lesbian D/s pleasures.
Jane's Bitch

by Brenda


Twenty-two year old Tori responded to an ad to share an apartment with
twenty-five year old Jane. The two got on very well together even though Jane
suspected Tori of being a lesbian with hot desires for her. Her suspicions were
based on the fact that she had found her dirty panties in Tori's room several
times. Tori also had a thing about her feet, always wanting to massage them for
her when she got home from work. Jane always considered herself as being a
straight cock-girl, but she sensed a deep submissiveness within Tori, and the
thought of taking advantage of that submissiveness and even sexually enslaving
the blonde intrigued Jane.

Jane began to show off in front of Tori wearing only sexy panties and stockings
and Tori began to do the same. One evening dark-haired Jane finally decided to
seduce pretty, blone-haired Tori. Jane, who worked in a lingerie shop,
complained of aching, sweaty feet. She smiled knowingly when Tori immediately
offered to massage her feet. "You are a gem, Tori," Jane responded to the eager
offer. "Let's go into my bedroom so that I can lie on my bed and truly enjoy
your massage."

They went to Jane's bedroom, both dressed in just panties and stockings. Jane
stretched out on her bed and Tori got on her side at foot of the bed. "That's so
lovely," Jane cooed with bliss at Tori's skilled touch. "I shouldn't let you do
it, though, not with my feet smelling so sweaty and cheesy."

"I guess there's all sorts of cheesy feet scents," Tori smiled, "and if your
feet had a bad cheesy scent, believe me, I wouldn't have offered to massage
them."

"I have a nice cheesy feet scent, then? Is that what you're saying?" Jane said,
smiling mischievously as she moved one foot to Tori's face and rubbed her toes
against the pretty blonde's nose. Tori made no move to draw away and stared into
Jane's eyes. After a moment Jane withdrew her foot. "I hope you don't think I'm
a dirty bitch for what I just done."

"Not at all," Tori replied, blushing deeply, their eyes still locked. "I... I
hope you don't think I... I'm a dirty bitch for doing this." With that, Tori
moved her face to Jane's foot and licked at her toes.

"Ooohhh, that's lovely," Jane cooed as Tori tongued up and down the sole of her
foot, the cheesy taste of the dark-haired girl making Tori's pulse pound wildly.
"I've never had my feet licked, and you look so beautiful and sexy doing it."

"I... I've never licked another girl's cheesy feet but you're so... so sexy, and
I... I guess I... I quite like doing it," Tori stammered, her voice husky with
passion.

"Shall I take my stockings off for you?" Jane grinned, teasingly withdrawing her
foot again.

Tori nodded yes. "I...I can't believe I want to... to lick another girl's feet
and suck her cheesy toes," Tori said, her pulse racing as she watched Jane
unfasten her stockings.

Jane removed her lace suspender belt and then made a show of slowly rolling each
stocking off. "Let me rub my cheesy feet in your pretty face first," Jane said,
moving both feet to Tori's face. "I want you to have my scent on you."

"Ooohhh, yes, mark me with your scent, the way a dog marks his bitch," Tori
cooed as Jane rubbed both feet in her face.

"I'd have to pee in your pretty face to mark you that way," Jane grinned.

"Oh, you sexy thing," Tori said, unable to resist grabbing one foot and tonguing
Jane's toes passionately. Both girls were now highly aroused, and they both
moved their hands inside their panties and began to masturbate as Tori licked
Jane's feet and sucked her toes. Jane brought herself off first, and Tori moaned
with orgasm soon after.

Trembling with passion, Tori crawled up on the bed and lay with her cheek
against Jane's thigh, her nose only inches from Jane's soaked panty crotch, her
nostrils flaring at the heavy scent of aroused cunt.

"That was lovely," Jane said after a moment. As she spoke, she moved one hand
down to caress Tori's hair. "Was it lovely for you also?"

"Yes, oh, yes," Tori replied.

Jane moved her hand behind Tori's head and pulled her face to her wet nylon
covered crotch. Then she closed her thighs around Tori's head, locking her feet
and resting them on Tori's back. "I like you, Tori. I like you quite a lot. And
I know you feel the same way about me. It was fate that brought us together."

Tori's nose and lips were pressed against Jane's wet panty crotch, her heart
raced with excitement and she felt giddy as she inhaled the scent of cunt.
Without hesitation she sucked on the soggy nylon material, the taste of pussy
juice and girl come mixing excitedly in her mouth with the taste of cheesy feet.

"Shall we have a nice sexy nap together like this?" Jane asked after a few
minutes of silence. "Let me turn over on my side."

Jane opened her thighs and turned slowly and deliberately onto her side, away
from Tori. Just as she hoped she would, Tori turned with her, keeping her head
between her thighs. "Move your head just a little... yes, just there. That's
just perfect," Jane said, guiding Tori into position so that her nose and mouth
were once more pressed firmly against the wetness of her panty crotch before
closing her thighs around Tori's head again.

Jane gently stroked and toyed with Tori's silky blonde hair as Tori caressed her
thighs and buttocks in return, both girls happy and content with the new passion
they had discovered for each other.

Tori finally managed to drift off to sleep, the smell and taste of Jane's pussy
strong in her nose and mouth. They woke up an hour later and Tori pulled the
back of Jane's panties down and played with her naked bottom.

"Ooohhh, what are you doing, you sexy thing?" Jane said, squeezing Tori's head
affectionately with her thighs. "I've scented and marked you with my sweaty feet
and girl come and now I do believe you're after my dirty ass."

"I'd adore being scented and marked by your sexy ass," Tori replied from between
Jane's thighs. "Let me take your panties off and you can sit up over me and rub
your ass all over my face if you'd like."

"I'd love to have my panties taken off and rub my naked ass all over your pretty
face. But I've got heavy streak marks in my panties from my dirty ass and I'd
mark you with the scent of my shit. I'd love to be like a randy dog with you
like that, but I don't know how far you're willing to go with me."

"I...I want to go all the way with you," Tori replied, her voice quavering with
aroused passion. "I want you to mark me with your dirty scent and taste, just
like a randy dog would do with a bitch in heat."

"Take my panties off, then," Jane said, opening her thighs and rolling onto her
back.

Tori removed the other girl's white nylon panties and stared at the heavy brown
skid marks made by Jane's dirty ass. Staring into Jane's eyes, she sniffed and
then licked them.

"All right, you beautiful blonde bitch," Jane smiled as Tori made whining noises
like a dog. "I'm going to give you what you want - what we both want. Lie down
on your back."

Jane knelt up as Tori stretched out on her back, and then straddled the blonde's
face, facing her feet, her plump, well-shaped ass directly over Tori's face.
"Let me rub my dirty ass in your nose and mark you with the scent of my shit
first, then you can lick it," Jane said, lowering her bottom in Tori's face.

Tori reached up and held Jane's cheeks wide open so that Jane could capture her
nose and face between the deep cleft between them. Tori whimpered and whined
like a real bitch in heat as she inhaled the strong musky scent of Jane's dirty
ass.

"Ooohhh, yes! Oooohhhh, you dirty, filthy bitch." Jane gasped as she finally
felt Tori's tongue licking at her asshole. "Just like a dirty dog sexing a bitch
in heat."

"I can taste your shit and I love it," Tori whimpered, passionately tonguing
Jane's anus.

Jane moaned with exquisite pleasure as she felt the blonde's stiffened tongue
worm into her asshole. "Tongue-fuck my asshole," Jane gasped. "Tongue-fuck my
asshole till I come. Don't you dare stop, you dirty bitch."

Tori trembled in extreme lust at the girl's words and with the bitter taste of
Jane's shit in her mouth. She wanted this every bit as much as Jane wanted it,
and all too quickly, Jane cried out and ground her ass in her face as she came
to a heaving orgasm.

Jane got off Tori and turned around and straddled her face again. "You've gone
almost all the way with me like a bitch dog, but not quite. I haven't marked you
with the scent and taste of my pee yet, have I?"

Tori raised her head between Jane's thighs and licked wildly at her gaping pink
cunt. "Do it, please Jane. Pee in my face and mouth and mark me as your bitch."

"Are you begging for it?" Jane smiled, sitting back on Tori's breasts and
looking down into the blonde's blue eyes. "Beg properly, like a bitch dog would
beg."

Tori began to whimper and whine like a dog and Jane smiled down at her. "Good
girl!" Jane said, reaching out and petting Tori's face and scratching behind her
ear like she would do with a dog. "I've always wanted a dog of my own but my
mother would not allow it. And I've heard that bitches are more faithful than
dogs to their mistresses. Do you want to be my faithful bitch, Tori?"

Tori whined and licked at Jane's hand. "Oh, you do, do you?" Jane smiled. "I'll
be a good and loving mistress but I expect perfect obedience and complete
devotion from a house pet. You'll have your own food and water bowel on the
kitchen floor and I'll reward you with your favorite dog biscuits when you
deserve them. We'll go shopping at the pet store tomorrow and get all the
equipment. I'll buy you the very best dog collar and leash and get a tag to go
on your collar with your name on it. I'll bath you everyday and brush and groom
your hair with your own dog brush, and put my finger up your ass several times a
day to make sure you don't get worms. Keeping a house pet involves a lot of
responsibility and effort, but I'm sure I'll be up to it. I'll train you to do
all sorts of tricks for me, too. I've already taught you how to beg. And when
you've been a naughty girl doggie, I'll discipline you with your leash like a
good mistress would do. I'm sure it's true what I've heard said about the more
you whip a bitch, the more she loves you."

Tori stared up into the dark-haired girl's face, her heart pounding with
excitement as she listened. She laved Jane's hand with her tongue and whined
softly. Finally Jane knelt up over her again and Tori stared up at Jane's gaping
cunt. She heard Jane grunt softly and suddenly her eyes and nose and mouth were
flooded with hot girl-pee. She whimpered and opened her mouth and gulped at the
golden flow as she frigged her own pussy. When Jane's gushing flood slowed to a
trickle she pressed her pussy to Tori's mouth and began ride the tongue that was
immediately proffered.

"Good girl! Good, good girl," Jane moaned as she felt herself building to
another orgasm. Tori reveled in the taste and smells of Jane's wet pussy flesh
and adored the way the girl was using her for her own pleasure. Sensing the
girl's imminent climax, Tori clamped her lips around Jane's erect little clit
and sucked strongly while she frantically frigged her own clit. Jane came first
and Tori whimpered her own pleasure as she lapped at Jane's sticky girl juices
and come.

Jane finally got off of Tori and stretched out on the bed on her back. Like an
obedient and loving bitch dog, Tori moved down on the bed and lay on her tummy
between her sweet mistress's thighs, pillowing her head on them. She glowed with
pleasure and pride as Jane lovingly stroked her hair and spoke softly to her. "A
lot of girl-dog house pets are made to sleep in a dog bed in the kitchen, but
not my good little girl-dog. Your mistress loves her girl-doggie too much for
that. You shall sleep curled at my feet on my bed or with your pretty face
between my thighs like this, ready to lick and please your mistress whenever she
needs it."

Jane yawned and a short while later drifted to sleep, her fingers softly toying
with Tori's hair. Tori nestled closer between Jane's thighs until her nose
almost touched Jane's dark-haired crotch, and eventually slipped into a deep and
contented slumber as she inhaled the heady scent of her mistress.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





