BDSM Library - Arrested




Arrested
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A married couple decide to go on a sexual adventure in order to spice up their sex life.  Along the way, a policeman runs across them and then things get really interesting.
  ________________________________________________________

     W I F E   F A N T A S Y   E R O T I C A   P A G E

  --------------------------------------------------------
  This work is copyrighted to the author (c) 2002.  Please
  don't remove the author information or make any changes
  to this story.  You may post freely to non-commercial
  "free" sites, or in the "free" area of commercial sites.
  Thank you for your consideration.
  --------------------------------------------------------

  ________________________________________________________




  Arrested  (MMF/F, slut-wife, lesbian)
  By WF WRITER (wifefantasy@hotmail.com)




ARRESTED
By
WF WRITER

	Debbie and Brian have been married for fifteen years with three
children.  Although Debbie kept her five-foot frame in great shape and her 36C
breast were still firm, at only 32 their sex life had become routine and boring. 
Debbie and Brian decided that they were going to have a Saturday night of sexual
adventure.  Debbie arranged for a babysitter for Saturday night and would not
let Brian into the bedroom while she dressed for the evening.  Brian waited
anxiously downstairs with a constant erection at the anticipation.  Already,
just planning the evening, added excitement back into their sex life.

	Finally, Debbie descended the stairs.  When Brian saw her he let out a
long whistle.  Debbie was dressed in a short, schoolgirl, red plaid skirt and
dark sweater.  She wore high heels with ankle straps, no stockings, and a black
ribbon choker around her neck.  Brian could see the outline of her beautiful
breasts under the sweater.  Debbie's nipples were already rock hard and strained
at the confines of the sweater.  Debbie glanced around to make sure no one was
watching and reached between Brian's legs and squeezed his balls and hard cock. 
Brian reached for Debbie but she slipped away from him.

	"Not yet," she said with a laugh.

	Brian gave final instructions to the babysitter.  He and Debbie left and
went to the car.  Brian was being exceptionally attentive and Debbie enjoyed
controlling him like she was.  Brian opened the car door for Debbie.  As she
slid into the seat she made sure that she gave Brian a clear view between her
legs.

	"My God," Brian exclaimed, "you've shaved."

	Debbie giggled.  Brian always begged her to shave her cunt, but she
refused thinking only sluts did such a thing.  But tonight was special, so
Debbie took the time to shave her cunt just for Brian.  Brian shut her car door
and rushed around to get in on his side.  As they left out of the driveway,
Debbie reached over and started stroking the bulge at the zipper in Brian's
trousers.

	"Do you like the way I look," Debbie cooed.  She knew her skirt was
pushed up to within an inch of her naked cunt.  Brian looked down at her legs
and then at her breasts and Debbie could feel his cock twitching.

	"You look great, Sweetness," Brian said with glee.  Brian reached over
and stroked the inside of Debbie's thigh just inches from her cunt.

	Debbie opened her legs slightly and let Brian slowly inch his hand
upwards.  While he drove, Debbie unzipped Brian's pants and reached inside and
wrapped her hand around his cock.  She started to slowly move her hand up and
down the entire shaft.  Brian's finger found the slit between Debbie's cunt
lips.

	"Damn, you are so wet," he said to Debbie.

	Brian slipped his finger in between Debbie's cunt lips and slowly
dragged it upwards finding the hard nub of her clit.  As Brian's finger started
a slow stroking of Debbie's clit, it was her turn to let out a deep breath. 
Debbie increased the speed of her strokes on Brian's cock and felt it growing. 
Knowing Brian is closed to cumming, Debbie removes her hand.  Brian protests as
Debbie closes the zipper to his pants.  Next she takes Brian' wrist and pulls
his hand from her wet pussy.  Debbie straightens her skirt and sits quietly
trying to suppress her own urges to have Brian pull over on the side of the road
and fuck her like crazy.

	"You are frustrating the hell out of me," Brian complains and pulls into
the parking lot of the theatre. 

	As Brian and Debbie exit the car, Brian reaches into his pocket and
tries to position his cock so his erection will not be so obvious to anyone.

	"What's wrong, Brian," Debbie giggles.

	Inside the theatre, Brian and Debbie choose the two seats farthest from
the aisle on the last row.  When the lights go down and the movie begins, Brian
immediately pushes Debbie's skirt up so that her cunt is visible.  He again
starts stroking her clit working the wetness from Debbie's pussy all around her
clit.  Debbie pulls Brian's cock from his pants and starts stroking him again. 
While she is stroking Brian's cock, she uses her other hand to expose her right
breast. 

	"Suck my tit," Debbie begs.

	Brian looks around at the dozen or so people in the theatre and all are
involved in the movie.  He leans over and takes Debbie's erect nipple in his
mouth and gently sucks the hard nub.

	"Suck my entire breast," Debbie orders.

	Brian works to get as much of Debbie's 36C tit into his mouth as
possible and starts to suck.  As he sucks the firm flesh in and out of his
mouth, Brian works two fingers into Debbie's cunt.  Brian slowly opens and
closes his fingers stretching Debbie's vaginal walls.  Debbie moves and Brian
releases her tit with an audible pop.  As Debbie leans over and takes Brian's
cock into her mouth, Brian glances around the theatre to make sure no one turned
at the sound of him abruptly jerked from Debbie's tit.  Debbie wets Brian's cock
with her tongue.  She starts bobbing her head up and down on his cock and Brian
is having difficulty keeping silent.

	"Let's get out of here," Brian says and pulls Debbie's head from his
cock.

	"But what about the movie," Debbie responds with a fake pout.

	"Fuck the movie," Brian replies and grabs Debbie by the hand and leads
her out to the car.

	While Brian drives quickly to a seclude area behind the warehouse where
he works, Debbie's hand has removed his cock from his pants again.  Debbie is
working vigorously jacking Brian off while he drives.  Brian finally pulls
behind the warehouse and shuts the engine off.  As soon as he stops, Debbie
pulls her sweater over her head.  Her tits bounce free off the sweater and look
great by the light of night.  Brian watches as Debbie raises her hips and strips
off her skirt.  Debbie is completely naked.

	"Lay back in the seat," Debbie orders.

	Brian does not even hesitate as he flips the lever and drops his seat
into a reclining position.  Debbie leans over and unsnaps his pants and grabs
the waistband on the pants and Brian's underwear.  Brian raises his hips and
allows Debbie to pull his pants down below his knees.  His cock is rock hard and
aching to cum.

	"Now, that's better," Debbie coos.

	Debbie bends over Brian's cock and rubs her tits over the head.  She
positions herself so that Brian's cock is between her tits, then holds her tits
together and slides herself back and forth, tit-fucking Brian.
	
	"God, your fantastic," Brian moans.

	Debbie slips down and takes Brian's cock in her mouth again.  Brian runs
his fingers into her long brown hair and pushes Debbie's head further down onto
his cock.  He is getting close and Debbie increases her intensity, sucking and
slobbering on Brian's cock. 

	"I'm going to cum," Brian said in a gasp.

	"What's going on in there?" the officer shouted through the window.

	Debbie quickly jumped into her seat and tried to find her clothes. 

	"It's the police Brian, hurry, get dressed," Debbie shouted.

	The policeman shines his flashlight into Brian's face.

	"Both of you, out of the car right now," the officer ordered, "stop what
you're doing and exit the car."

	Debbie only had time to put her skirt on as the officer opened her side
of the car.  She heard him radio his partner and request that he come out here. 
"Sam, I think we have a situation down by the factory that I may need your help
with."  Debbie was so embarrassed as she tried to cover her breasts while she
and Brian stood beside their car.

	"Well, looks like we got a couple of lovers," the policeman said, "looks
like I got here just in time."  He shined his light at Brian's still erect cock,
glistening from Debbie's salavia.  There was a pearly, white, drop of pre-cum on
the end of Brian's cock.  Debbie could not believe Brian was still erect.

	Next the officer shined his light on Debbie's hands covering her tits.

	"Drop your hands," he ordered.  Debbie hesitated and the policeman
radioed to Sam to call for backup.  Debbie just looked down at the ground.
"Miss, you will either follow my directions implicitly or you and your husband
will find yourself in jail.  It's your choice.  Now turn around and place your
hands behind your back."

	Debbie slowly turned around turning her backside to the policeman. "Now
if you show me that you can behave we can take these off, but you will have to
earn my trust first," the policeman said to Debbie as he slapped a pair of steel
handcuffs over her wrist.  Debbie cringed when she heard the handcuffs click
shut.  She knew that the officer could now do anything he wanted to her and she
would not be able to stop him.  Thank goodness Brian was with her.

	"Now turn around and face me," ordered the policeman.  Debbie felt so
ashamed and embarrassed.  Maybe if we cooperate he will just let us go she
thought to herself.  Slowly she stumbled around on her high heels and faced the
officer.

	"Damn, what a nice pair of tits," the policeman said.  "And look at the
size of those nipples."  Debbie blushed at his crude comments.  "Now turn around
again and lean over at your waist as far as you can."  The officer then ordered
Brian to help his wife lean over at her waist thus pushing her tight ass out for
the officer to inspect.

	"Spread those legs apart," the officer ordered.  Debbie tried to spread
her legs apart but instead lost her balance and leaned onto the hood of the car
instead.  The officer then kicked her legs apart causing her skirt to rise and
her shaved cunt to became visible to the cop's lusty stair.

	"Since you can't seem to follow orders very well I am going to have your
husband punish you."  Debbie and Brian looked at each other with fear in their
eyes. "You will either spank her, or go to jail.  It is your choice.  Hurry up
and make up your mind."

	Brian didn't know what to do.  He looked over at Debbie for direction
and she looked back at him with a confused look in her eyes.  Slowly she started
to nod her head indicating that Brian should follow the officers orders, "Brian,
we can't go to jail.  Please do what the officer wants."

	Debbie was an incredible sight, bent over the hood of the car, her arms
stretched out behind her locked in the handcuffs, her legs spread wide, and her
short skirt had ridden up the back of her legs and now just barely covered her
ass.  The high heels she wore accented her trim legs.

	"Don't move, no matter what Brian or I do, or it will be off to jail for
both of you," the policeman said.  Debbie felt him lean over her spread body and
he began to run his hands through her long brown hair.  She cringed when she
felt his cock bump against her ass.  It was large and very hard.

	"Now, I am going to start her punishment and you are going to finish in
the same manner that you see me.  If I feel that you are going easy on her then
it's off to jail with both of you.  Do you understand me?"  Brian felt like a
frog was stuck in his throat but he managed to answer, "Yes, officer, I
understand."

	The policeman approached Debbie and pushed her head down on the hood of
the car and then pulled on her hips stretching her torso out so her ass stuck
out obscenely.  Brian looked at his beautiful wife displayed in such a lewd
manner and was amazed at how hard his cock had become. 

	The officer then slowly pulled Debbie's skirt up exposing her firm ass
cheeks to his inspection.  He then knelt down and slowly ran his hands up both
of her legs until they reached her ass cheeks.  "God, what a fine ass you have,"
he said as he cupped both cheeks and squeezed. Debbie felt embarrassed that
someone other than her husband was running his hands all over her body. 
However, she felt a growing sense of excitement about what was to come.
	
      His hands began to grasp her cheeks roughly and pull them apart.  Debbie
began to move to escape when she felt one hand slap her ass painfully.  "I told
you not to move, obey me or suffer in jail."  His rough hands continued to
fondle her ass.  He began to separate her cheeks, running his finger along her
crack.
     
      The officer stood up and pushed her skirt back up over her hips.  He then
gave her a sharp slap on her ass.  Smack.  "Stay in position."  Smack another
slap on her ass.  His hand reached under her skirt and between her legs and
slapped the inside of her thigh.  Smack.
     
      "Brian, I want you to smack her ass good for me, or remember, you both
will have to pay the consequences."  Brian looked at his wife spread over the
car with her ass sticking in the air and wondered why his cock felt like it was
about to explode.  He lifted his hand slowly and then let it come down on her
ass.  Smack.  He then looked at Debbie and she nodded for him to continue. 
Smack.  Smack.  Smack.  Smack. 
     
      Debbie's ass was burning.  It had turned a bright shade of crimson.  She
felt so ashamed and humiliated being treated this way.  As Brian's hand came
down yet again, smack, a tear gently started to roll down her beautiful face. 
However, she was confused as to why she felt her pussy getting very wet and very
excited.

	Just then a second police car pulled up and out and "Sam" appeared and
to Debbie's surprise, Sam was a woman.  Debbie could see that she was in her
mid-thirties, very athletic body under the police uniform.

	"Do you think you can behave now, or do we need to keep these on," the
cop asked Debbie pulling on the handcuffs.  "No, I will behave, I promise." 
Debbie then heard a click followed by the release of her wrist.

      "What should we do with them?" the policeman asked his partner.

	"I don't know John, seems awfully cruel to leave the man here with blue
balls, perhaps though jail is the best thing," Sam said.

	Debbie started to cry and Brian pleaded with the officers.  John told
Debbie and Brian that if they did what they were told, they would not take them
to jail, but let them go.  Debbie and Brian agreed, but did not realize what
they were agreeing to do.

	"Finish him," John ordered Debbie.  At first Debbie was unsure of what
the officer meant, but then quickly figured it out with he aimed the flashlight
and Brian's still hard cock.  Debbie got down on all fours and took Brian into
her mouth again and started sucking him with long, strokes of her mouth.  She
heard another zipper and felt the weight of John behind her and her skirt
flipped over her back exposing her ass.  When she felt his hard cock at the
entrance to her pussy Debbie, stopped sucking Brian and turned back to John.

	"Please, I've never fucked anyone but my husband," Debbie begged.

	But it was too late.  As she got the words out, John shoved his cock
deep into her cunt.  He ordered Debbie to keep sucking Brian.  Debbie worked
hard on Brian's cock while the officer pounded her cunt from behind.  Brian was
getting close to orgasm and Debbie felt the beginnings of her own orgasm
building.

	"This can't be happening," Debbie thought to herself just as the orgasm
swept through her body.

	Debbie grunted and moaned around Brian's cock as she started to cum. 
John increased the speed of his cock in her cunt causing Debbie's orgasm to
continue.  Brian suddenly shot his load into her mouth and Debbie jerked  her
head away and spat the salty sperm onto the ground.

	"We'll have none of that," the officer said and pulled out of Debbie's
cunt.  "Turn around," he ordered.

	Debbie turned around on all fours and John took her head and shoved it
onto his cock just as it spurted the first load.  Debbie tried to pull her head
away, but John ordered her not to let a drop fall from her mouth.  Debbie
struggled not to swallow, but John was shooting gallons of sperm, filling her
mouth.  Finally Debbie submitted and swallowed the sperm, gagging on John's dick
as the foul taste consumed her mouth.  John removed his semi-rigid cock from
Debbie's mouth leaving her on all fours.

	"Your turn," he said to his partner Sam.

	Debbie started to get up when John ordered her to stay where she was. 
Debbie looked up to see Sam stripping out of her uniform.   Sam's tits were
about a 38D, firm without any sag.  Sam's last item of clothing was her thong,
which she removed to reveal a shaved cunt just like Debbie's.  Debbie glanced
over at Brian who leaned against their car, eyes glued to the nude body of Sam.

	"You ever eat pussy," John said to Debbie.  Debbie looked up just as Sam
approached her legs spread.  Debbie shook her head "no."

	Sam cupped her hands and moved her fingers back and forth motioning for
Debbie to crawl to where she was standing.  Debbie slowly moved toward Sam.  Sam
spread her legs a little further and when Debbie was close enough, grabbed her
hair.  Sam dragged Debbie's face into her pussy.  When Debbie's lips touched
Sam's cunt lips she tried to jerk her head away, but Sam held Debbie fast in
place.  Sam arched her hips forward and forced her cunt lips to open around
Debbie's mouth.  Debbie gingerly stuck her tongue into the opening between the
two soft cunt lips.  The taste was sweet to Debbie, not what she was expecting. 
Debbie tried to mimic the motions Brian used on her with her tongue.  She moved
her tongue up and down Sam's slit and across the officer's clit.  Debbie heard
Sam groan as Debbie's tongue swirled around her rigid, slender clit.  Debbie
gently sucked Sam's clit between her lips bringing more groans and gasps. 
Debbie could hear Sam's respirations increase and Sam started moving her hips
back and forward into Debbie's mouth.  Debbie alternated flicking Sam's clit
with her tongue and probing the policewoman's vagina.  Sam was working her hips,
flexing them into Debbie's mouth.

	Brian watched his wife and the female officer as he felt life come back
to his pJohn.  Debbie's hard, tight ass wiggled slightly as she lapped at the
pussy on her mouth.  Brian looked at John whom was gently stroking his own
erection.  John nodded his approval at Brian and Brian immediately walked up
behind Debbie.  Debbie felt Brian's hands on her hips and opened her legs to
invite his cock into her cunt while she continued to torment Sam's pussy.  This
time it was Debbie who moaned as Brian sank his rod into her well-lubricated
cunt.  Sam held the back of Debbie's head and ground her hips hard against her
mouth.  Debbie again took her clit and sucked it between her lips holding the
suction for as long as possible.

	Sam's head started to sway back and forth.  She pulled away from Debbie
and quickly pushed Brian backward causing his cock to slide out of Debbie's
cunt.  With Brian on his back, Sam squatted over his cock and lowered herself
down, taking Brian's cock into her cunt inch by inch.  Once her cunt rested on
Brian's pants, Sam started to bounce up and down then rub her hips from front to
back.

	While Sam fucked Brian, Debbie was left to John who once again went
behind her.  Debbie felt his fingers in her cunt and her orgasm immediately
started.  Debbie was lost in the throngs of cumming when John inserted two
fingers covered in pussy juice into her ass.  Debbie said nothing as she felt
the head of John's cock against the tight ring of her rectum.  John maneuvered
Debbie's hips slowly backward pushing the head of his cock just past her anal
ring.  Debbie felt as if she would split in two, her asshole burned.

	"Damn, you are so tight," John commented, the reached underneath Debbie
with one hand and started massaging her clit.

	Debbie could not stand the stimulation and shoved her hips backwards
taking all of John's cock into her ass.  She could hear the sound of Sam fucking
her husband behind her and this excited Debbie even more.  Debbie started
pushing and pulling her hips to John's rhythm and the pain slowly changed to
pleasure.  John continued to stroke Debbie's clit and with his free hand started
to pinch and pull her nipples alternating between her tits.  This was too much
for Debbie who experienced another massive orgasm.

	At the same time Debbie started to wail with her orgasm, Sam started
cumming also.  Sam moaned and begged Brian to fuck her harder while Debbie
simply alternated between whimpers and loud groans of pure pleasure.  Debbie
felt John tense up and then the warmth of his sperm exploded throughout her
colon.  Debbie and Brian only tried anal sex one time, but as Debbie's orgasm
ended, she made a mental note that they needed to try it again. 

	Debbie collapsed onto the ground with John's cock still buried into her
ass.  She was not aware when John removed himself.  Sam finished with Brian
about the same time and the two officers straightened their uniforms and left
without a word.

	Brian crawled over to where Debbie lay semi-conscious from her orgasms. 
He looked at his wife and the cum that dripped from her ass.  Brian felt his
cock growing one more time.  Debbie's cunt had been fucked, but neither Brian
nor John came inside her vagina.  Brian pushed Debbie over onto her back and
lifted her legs over her shoulders.  Debbie whimpered a little as Brian found
her cunt with his cock and fucked his wife with a fury.  Debbie started bucking
her hips up and down to meet Brian's thrust.  Within moments, Brian exploded in
orgasm.  Simultaneously, Debbie started her own orgasm.  Brian and Debbie were
cumming together for the first time in many years and the intensity was
over-whelming for both.  As their orgasms trailed off to a tJohnle of lingering
bliss, Brian collapsed on top of Debbie.

	When Brian awoke it was almost 1 in the morning.  They told the sitter
they would be home by midnight.  Debbie lay on the ground, naked, except for her
cum-stained skirt, sleeping.  Brian woke her and helped her into the car.  As
Brian used his cell phone to call the sitter, Debbie slowly dressed.

	After the sitter left, Brian and Debbie showered and went to bed. 
Before falling asleep Brian rolled over and put his arm around Debbie and kissed
her passionately.  Debbie responded by forcing her tongue into Brian's mouth. 
They broke the kiss and Brian could see the smile of fulfillment on Debbie's
face.

	"Sweetness," he said, "the babysitter will be back next Saturday, let's
go out again."

	Debbie nodded a "yes" and turned over onto her back as Brian took one of
her tits into his mouth.  Debbie could not believe the excitement the night put
back into their sex life.  As Brian mounted her cunt again, Debbie hoped they
would be arrested again next weekend.
     

PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR COMMENTS AND STORYLINE REQUEST TO wifefantasy@hotmail.com. 
I specialize in wife stories.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  WF Writer


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





