BDSM Library - IRC Slut




IRC Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: The personal record of a real life interaction between a masochistic slut and hardcore domme via the internet.
IRC Slut

     It did not begin innocently.  I knew what I needed.  I had been there before, and pulled
myself out.  I needed it again and couldn't stop myself.  This is a true record of what really
happened to me.  I am saving this all now so that, in six months or a year, I can come back and
remember.  

     My name is Sherri.  I am a very attractive and athletic woman 5 foot 7, 120lbs, long
brown hair, brown eyes, 35 inch C cup, and completely shaved down below.  I am not a lesbian,
but I am a bisexual woman who sometimes has a hunger for the juices of a woman.  I am
submissive.  

     On Tuesday November 5, 2002, I downloaded mIRC and went right online to the lesbian
domination channel.  I chatted on DalNET with several people and finally found a real woman
who emailed me her photograph.  I could tell by the photo she was real, not a knockout by any
means but I didn't care; I could only imagine her wet pussy.  Her nickname on IRC was
HardFemme.  We scheduled a meeting online the next day, when we would both have plenty of
time to begin and I would have all my toys handy.

We Begin.  Wed Nov 06 2002.
 hello slave, how are you today??
 anxious, Ma'am, I've been waiting for you
 have you.... are you ready to do whatever i say you do, cunt?
 getting wetter and wetter in anticipation of how you will use me
 yes Ma'am, whatever you ask
 I want you to get out a candle and light it...
 what are you wearing??
 panties and cropped tshirt
 take off your tshirt... and when there is a good buildup of wax I want to start
dropping some hot wax on each tit..
 yes Ma'am
 dribbling it on my left tit...
 mmm....
 and right....
 do you like the feel of the hot wax slut??
 yessss
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhh its very hot wax
 red
 ok now put the candle down and get out your riding crop and start wipping your
pussy for me..
 yes Ma'am, with my panties on or off?
 20 times just enough to sting each time... with your panties off...
 yes Ma'am
 off..
 now make sure each one stings your pussy...
 yes Ma'am, starting...
 done, ma'am, i spread my thighs and spanked my pussy ... stings a lot
 and its very wet down there
 I want you to drop some more hot wax on your stomach and above your pussy
and then get your clamps out and put them on your nipples...
 yes Ma'am
 dribbling wax on tummy...
 the more it burns the better...
 btw, did you want my window shades open or closed, as we discussed, ma'am?
 dribbling wax on tummy...its sooooo hotttt
 whenever you obey my orders I want the shades open so everyone can see how
much of a painslut you really are...
 running down either side of my cunt, ma'am
 ill open them now then ma'am
* HardFemme's pussy is dripping wet from what you are doing...
 open ma'am - i live in a townhouse accross from an apartment complex, so several
apartments can view me if anyone is there to look...
 putting clamps on my nipples, Ma'am
 I want you to give each of them a hard tug on each...
 yes Ma'am
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 im getting really hot ma'am
 me too slave....
 so hott
 tell me what to do, anything
 i love obeying your commands
 I want you to get out your vibrator and tease your clit...
 yes Ma'am
 but please dont let me cum for a loooong time
 hotter i get the more compliant i am
 dont tell me when to let you cum...
 im very very sorry Ma'am
 didnt mean to
 mmmmmmm vibe feels soooo good
 I will tell you when you should cum... and for that I dont think I will let you cum
slut...
 whatever you desire Ma'am
 keep playing with your clit till your pussy gets nice and wet....
 its drooling already - my ass and the seat are wet
* HardFemme now I want you to get your favorite ass toy and lube it up by slowly inserting and
withdrawing it from your pussy...
 yes Ma'am
 medium buttplug
 get your buttplug nice and lubed up...
 mmm fucking my cunt with it
 sloshy down there
 now take it out and stick it into your ass
 yes Ma'am
 pushing ...
 ohhhhhhhhhh yesss its in
 I want you to grab your biggest dildo and start fucking your pussy with it...
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhhh feels soo full....
 now fuck yourself with that dildo as slow as possible...
 yes Ma'am
 how wet is your pussy....
 verrrrrrry dripping drooly sloshy wet
 feels so good
 sooooooooo good
 do you want to cum??
 i want to do anything u want me to do
 feels so good
 get out the crop again and whip yourself another 20 times as hard as you can with
both dildos in you... on your pussy.
 yes Ma'am but it will be hard to get my pussy with this big dildo in
 i have some benwa balls i could put those in if u prefer
 you may take the dildo out but then you must whip your clit... 
 yes Ma'am as you wish
 shall i make sure not to cum?
 make sure you dont cum slut.... remember I control how much or little you cum...
 yes Ma'am
 1
 2
 3
 mmm... after you whip yourself 20 times you can insert the benwa balls in...
 4
 5
 678
 quicker but dont you dare cum fucking slut...
 91011
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 did rest fast...
 cunt is throbbing
 how many benwa balls into my cunt for u Ma'am?
 3-6?
 how many do you usually use?? How many do you have??
 two strings of 3
 thats what i have
 really only 3 fit at a time
 have been forced to try more but usually fall out
 shove them all in... and I think you almost are ready to cum but before you do
cum, I want you to do something...
 anuthing
 will do anything u want
 use me please
 please keep using me hard
 I want you to beg me to let you cum...
 dont want to cum want you to use my body make me be bad make me be your slut,
do anything u say, use my body, im so hot i need to be used HARD
 got 3 balls in
 going for 4...
 I want all 6 in...
 yes ma'am
 4 in....
 5.....
 hurry up I dont have all fucking day... and when your done that I want you to
pour some more wax on your tits and cunt...
 6 but have to keep legss clamped together
 hurts too
 ohhhh so fucking hotttttttt
 poring wax...
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
* HardFemme is soaking her chair with your playing with yourself...
 btw i can see a man at hs window cross street, may be watcihg me...pouring wax into
my lap...
 tugs on your nipples clamps....try to let him see you do it...
 k
 facing window and tugging....
 can you see if he sees you??
 sort of...hes looking but acting like he's not...
 balls keep falling out...
 should i wave??
 you may now take out the balls but I want you to grab that dildo you were using
earlier and fuck your pussy with it in front of the window for him.... yes, wave at him...
 can i let some balls out?
 show myself fucking for how long, ma'am?
 make it for a few minutes... that should catch his interest...
 balls out, be back in 3 minutes, I can see screen from there btw
 ok.. go slave and show him what a slut you are..
 I hope he is watching the great show you are putting on for him...
 i put on quite a show, fucking my cunt for him, he took out his cock and is rubbing it
for me to see..
 ohhhh Ma'am im so hot and horny
 i love obeying your orders
 i need to so bad
 nastier you are the hotter i get, the hotter i get the more i want. i love it
 go back to the window and give him another show... but this time use your fingers
like he has to...
 3 mins?
 yes...
 oh god..
 ive cum twice since we started this morning already...
 make sure he gets nice and worked up as you play with your pussy...
 is he ever - he keeps pointing at his cock and at me - i wasfucking my cunt with 4
fingers as he watched
 im so bad Ma'am wish you were here to thrash my hot cunt
 mmmm... did it excite you...
 yesssss u have no idea how hot i am
 would love to be suspended legs pulled apart and have you beat my hot cunt till i
cum  a hundred times
 I would love that too...
 i will do anything u want anything anything just command me i love obeying u
 make me abuse my hot body, anyuthing anywhere anytime
 god id set my cunt on fire for you
 can you still see if the man is watching you still??
 he is
 got 4 fingers up my cunt hes watching me
 I want you to stand by the window and spread your pussy lips for him and play
with your clit...
 so teasing
 wish u could beat my cunt fill it with rocks and spank it over and over
 how long do i play with my hard clit for him?
 play with it for 2 minutes and then finger yourself in the window till he cums...
 hhow do i make him cum?  just wait til he does??
 yes...
 may take a while..
 if it does I will make it up to you by abusing you even more...
 mmmmmm k
 let me know when he cums...
 he came, at last
 all over his wsindow
 I thought he would never cum...
 me too
 mmmm....did you love being watched like that...
 yessssssssssss
 would love to be fucked in the window
 maybe one of these days you'll have to invite him over to fuck your pussy nice and
good...
 ohhhhh if u want, ma'am
 i think he was suggesting that
 mmm... that might be a good thing, but another time... 
 yes Ma'am
 when u desire it
 now I owe you some play time... do you still have that candle burning??
 im so hot now i would do anything 
 yes Ma'am its burning
 I think you need some more wax on your nipples and pussy..
 yes Ma'am
 owwwwwwwwwww
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh goddddddd
 tell me how much you love me causing you pain slut??
 i love it so much sooooooooo much
 the more umake me do the more i love it
 i love the pain
 makes my brain and cunt boil
 every nerve jumping
 I want you to take off your clamps and play with your tender nipples... pinch them
and roll them in your fingers...
 yes Ma'am
 OWWWW
 ohhhhhhhh
 are they nice and sore??
 verrry
 verrrrrrrrrrrry sore
 verrrrrrrrrrrry hard
 good now I want you to try and bring on of your nipples into your mouth and
suck and bite on your nipple..
 ohhhhhhhh
 suck on them like your trying to get milk out them...
 ohhhhhhhh thats nice
 now bite down on them hard..
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 oh my god Ma'am im soooooo hot
 nastier you are the more i love it
 well slut... I have to get ready for work... be here tomorrow at the same time so
we can fool around...
 you make me sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hot im yr devoted cunt whore
 i will but are you done with me now?
 more later? im free till 5pm et
 I am done with you for now... maybe I will come back and play a little before 5....
 no cumming?  just leave me with throbbing drenched cunt?
 ill come back on at 4pm et and hope u will make use of me then, i wont cum
 but i will do absolutely anything you desire
 good that what I like to hear... I promise before you go later I will let you cum....
 if u wish, or not Ma'am
 that is much better... talk to you later, slave...
 i will do anything, fuck anything, abuse my body anyway u want
 i know dear... we will see later on...
 yes Ma'am

That's how I fell.  Like a good slave, I was back online that afternoon.  I lost the text of that
conversation, but this is basically what happened.  I was ordered to strip, but had stayed nude all
afternoon in my house.  She had me rub my clit until I was sopping wet and then take my riding
crop and whip my clit 30 times hard at the window.  Again I was seen, by another man across the
street.  He showed me his cock, so hard and drippy.  And then she made me beckon him over.  I
did.  He crossed the street, came to my door, introduced himself as "Mike."  On command, I
dropped to my knees, fished out his cock and sucked it until he shot his cum all over my face. 
After he was finished with me and left, promising to see me again, she had more commands for
me:  put 5 clothespins on each cunt lip, use tape to hold the pins back and keep my cunt wide
open, and pour lots and lots of hot candle wax all over my breasts, tummy and cunt until i had a
hardened shell on my front and down over my ass.  I did it all in ecstasy.

Then I had to go to my evening office job.  She said that during my lunch break I was to go to the
bathroom and pull on my nipples and rub my clit without cumming, until my cunt was so wet it
"wet" my clothes with my juices.

Thu Nov 07 2002
 I will always take care of you slave...
 ohhhh i am so ready to be "taken care of" hehe
 now tell me what you have been up to ??
 im nude, im fucking my cunt slowly with my large dildo, im very wet and horny
 did you get my earlier message about whipping your nipple 10 times each with
your crop??
 no but will do that now
 good...
 stings sooo much
 but I know how much you love that slut...
 yesssssssssssssss
 done Ma'am
 did you remember to open the shades for everyone to see??
 yes Ma'am
 good girl....
 dont know if anyone looking
 thats okay ... I am sure we will get some peoples attention later on...
 ohhhhh
 are you still fucking that dildo nice and slow like I told you to...
 yes Ma'am
 is your pussy nice and sloppy wet??
 very wet and swollen
 sloshy
 Ma'am, will u be needing to go to work soon?
 in about an hour... 
 will we play later today?
 yes we will play later as well...now I want you to take that dildo out of your pussy
and have it fuck your ass as you whip your clit...
 yes Ma'am
 i am required to run a work errand this afternoon and have to leave at 12:25
 im very sorry
 mmmmmm have got the dildo going into my ass, Ma'am
 thats okay...
 going in...
 ohhhhhh its in
 i have to take some papers to an office before it closes - do you want me to do
anything? meet you back here at 4?
 whipping my clit with crop....
 no go finish what you need to for work... but dont wear any underwear.... I want
your pussy exposed at all times...
 should i wear a very short skirt?
 yes... and make sure to drop something on the way to deliever your papers and
bend over so people can see you are wearing no panties..
 ohhhh k, and how soon can i meet you back here?
 I will be leaving at about 1 and back at about 2...
 2 central?  I can be here at 3 ET
 will wait for you, fucking my pussy slowly
 yes...
 good girl now go so you can get back quicker...
 yes Ma'am thank you

Thu Nov 07 2002
 yes... 
 i completed my task in two ways...
 how is that??
 hiking my skirt up in car so passersby could see i was "bottomless"...
 and bending over in front of records building so several people could see I was
pantyless
 ok, Ma'am?
 I'm back home and still have on my skirt and blouse, but ready for your use
 good...
 are you wearing a bra under your blouse??
 no Ma'am
 good... play with your nipples thru your blouse...
 k Ma'am
 mmmmmmmmmmmm
 mmmmmmmmm feels good
 raise up your skirt...
 yes Ma'am
 get out a vibrator and have it play with your pussy..
 ohhhh yeah
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 niiiiiiiiiiiiice
 take off your blouse and play with your sore nipples..
 yes Ma'am
 mmmm... I would love to be there and to suck and bite of your nipples..
 ohhhhhhh yes thatd be nice
 very hot
 now grab your crop and whip your pussy lips 15 times... nice enought to sting..
 very wet
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhhh god that stingss
 done Ma'am
 I want you to beg me to allow you to whip yourself more...
 please let me whip my nasty cunt more - it needs to be whipped hard, with the cat,
where everyone can see
 ppppllllleeeease, its such a naughty cunt
 gets me in such trouble
 needs to be whipped hard please
 whipped by you by strangers
 ok... get the catoninetails out and whip your pussy..
 how much?
 10 times as hard as you can...
 yes Ma'am
 I want to see you count out the number of times youve whipped yourself...
 yes Ma'am
 shall i start over?
 yes...
 yes Ma'am
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 yes slut... faster bitch...
 6
 7
 8
 9
 10
 how does that feel??
 hurtsssss
 hurts alot but my cunt is so hot
 and juicy
 get you dildo out and starts fucking it nice and slowly...
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh good
 how wet is your pussy now??
 very drooly wet, Ma'am
 all messy and juices running down my ass onto chair
 i try to spread juices around on my body 
 go infront of the window for 5  minutes and fuck your pussy with that dildo...
 ohhh god yes Ma'am
 may i take skirt off or leave it on?
 try and make sure that someone sees you... take your skirt off....
 yes Ma'am
 Ill be back in 5
 yes... i'll be waiting here with my wet pussy for you..
 lot of people around outside, coming and going...
 got one couple to look
 mmmm....
 dont think anyone else noticed
 hard to see over in apartments this time of day
 at least the couple looked
 i keep thinking of you smothering my face and rubbing your wet pussy on my mouth,
im so ravenous to be your fuck toy
 I am so wet from you exposing yourself to strangers...
 it is my pleasure to do as you command
 and the nastier the hotter it makes me
 I love that you obey my every command..
 im very happy to hear that
 i love doing what you ask of me
 do you still have your two candles???
 im incredibly hot and wet and turned on by you; yes i have one candle lit now
 have many candles in all
 well we will just need one for now... I want you to drop some hot candle wax on
your pussy lips... get them nice and coated...
 k
 ohhhhhhhhh
 oh godddd
 tell me how much it hurts??
 its soooo hot it burnsss
 runs into the folds of my cunt
 mmmm....
 down over my asshole
 how long has it been since you cum...
 since tuesday
 since tuesday morning
 ohhh got some on my clitoris
 how hot and horny are you??
 oh mistress i am so horny i feel i must fuck or die, i need it so bad...
 want to be fucked over n over
 by anyone, just so long as its nowww
 my nasty sick cunt needs to be beaten and taught
 beg me to let you fuck someone...
 not to be so bad so bad
 may i fuck please? please? anyone
 i will go to street and beg for cock
 need my cunt and ass filled so bad
 may i please fuck
 please let me fuck 
 please fuck my cunt and ass HARD
 i dont know if you want to fuck bad enough??
 how can i show you? anything you say
 use my poor cunt slut body
 do anything to fuck
 need my cunt and ass beaten
 filled with nettles
 god ma'am im sooooo hot i need it and i realy 
  really want to be used HARD HARD HARD
 I think I have a task for you...I will let you go out and fuck someone tomorrow
but first it  must be a stranger and secondly.... afterwards you must go out and find a woman that
will eat you out..
 i have a bathroom toilet brush...
 find a woman to eat me after i fuck?
 i have a bathroom toilet brush...ill fuck it for you
 find a woman to eat me right after i fuck?
 it doesnt have to be immediately afterwards but it must be tomorrow as I will not
be online...
 i will do whatever you ask - i must fuck a stranger tomorrow and then also get a
woman to eat my cunt, ok
 should i cum or not cum?
 not today? so willing to do anything today anything to anyone
 if you wish to cum then this will be the only time you will be allowed to... as for
today... I think I want you to get out that toliet brush...
 yes Ma'am
 when you bring it back I want you to start by rubbing it hard against your
nippples....
 yes Ma'am rubbing on my nipples...
 very very prickly
 i need to get my cunt pounded so hard ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 now grab the brush and rub it against your clit...
 ohhhh yes ma'am
 owwwwwwwwwww
 make sure you press down hard....
 yes Ma'am
 owwwwwwwwwww owwwww owwww
 think your up to fucking the toliet brush??
 do anything u want
 anywhere anytime
 I want you to shove that brush up you pussy and fuck it...
 oh god
 yes Ma'am
 tell me how it feels??
 hurts
 scratching my wholw cunt in n out
 fucking  it for u
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhh godddddddd
 would be so better if i were bound n u doing it to me
 wish u coyld see me fuck cunt for u
 in n out
 not so fast'
 i know... now pull it out...  and start using the dildo to fuck youself inch by inch
slowly...
 yes Ma'am
 i need to be fucked so badly
 once you have the dildo nice and lubbed up I want you to start fucking your ass
with it...
 yes Ma'am
 i need to be fucked so badly
 i need to be fucked so badly
 i need to be fucked so badly
 I bet you do... 
 I bet you would fuck anything just to cum...
 yes
 would fuck anything even not to cum
 i bet you would even take my fist up your pussy to make you cum all over me..
 just to feel cock moving in n out of my cunt
 gladly take your fist or any fist
 vey very gladly
 mmmmmmmmmm fucking my ass for u
* HardFemme is fingering her pussy imagining you fucking your ass... I have 3 fingers in my
pussy that is dripping wet...
 would fuck anything u want
* sherrislut wishes i could lick u clean
 could i please get fucked today?
 please?
 without cumming?
 yes you may but if you cum, I promise you that you will never be allowed to cum
again...
 if that were the case, i would have to live with u cause i am too incapacitated by lust
and desire already
 cant keep my hands off my cunt
 who shall i fuck, a stranger off the street?  inside or outside, tell me what to do.  i
wont cum i promise
 yes I love you fucking a stranger...
 get someone to come in?
 yes... to fuck your cunt or ass and cum on your face and leave
 yes..
 lemme see who's outside
 anyone even try getting a woman to fuck you with that double dildo panties you
have..
 i think i may have gotten the fedex man
 plus hes hot
 if you can get him to fuck you then go for it...
 big hot fedex man gonna fuck my hot cunt for you
 and cum in my face

I had gotten the attention of a fedex man who just happened to be outside.  I bekoned him over.  I
can't tell you how easy it was to get him to agree to fuck me; he was almost salivating on my
breasts.  He came in behind me and i bent over the desk.  I heard his zipper go down...

 now he's rubbing his cock on my cunt from behind ...
 mmmm.... make sure you treat him right but dont cum... or else...
 yes
 ohhhhhhhhhh hes pounding my cunt
 tell him to play roughly with your nipples...
 oh oh he isss
 mmm..... try to reach back and rubs his balls...
 ohhhhhh god it feels goooood
 mmmm yeah
 get him to fuck you up the ass slut..
 yes ma'am
 OHHHHH fuck he slamed it in
 ooooo ooo oooooo oooooo ooooooo
 tell me how much you love getting fucked by his big cock??
 oooooooo goddddddddd
 fuckin greattttt i looooooove his big cock
 love thank ypoyu
 thank you
 cock is so HOT
 balls slappping my cunt
 beg him to cum all over your face...
 mmm 
 yes ma'am
 oh christ
 squeeze your ass on his cock, milk his cock for his cum...
 fuck he shot his cum alllll over my face and tits'
 i rubbed it in all over
 mmmm.... suck on your fingers and tell me what it tastes like?
 mmmmmmm very very salty

I couldnt believe how quickly this guy wanted to go after he fucked me, like this was part of his
job everyday and he had to move on to the next slut.  

 k sorry ma'am he had to go quickly so i was getting him out the door
 thats okay slut... do you feel better now??
 it felt so good being full of cock
 thank you ma'am and i didnt  cum
 but i want to i love being made to be a slut for you
 fell like i could get fucked over and over all night
 my cunt is drooling so hard, my inner thighs are soaked
 when i spread my legs standing my cut drips on the floor
 the nastier you are, the hotter i get
 i cant keep my hands off my cunt
 tonight when you go to work I want you to have 3 benwa balls in your pussy...
 k
 yes ma'am
 mmmm what time do you have to leave for work??
 today, in about one hour
 you wont be on tomorrow?
 no, and yes I will be working saturday.. all day...
 You can email me other instructions.  so we have an hour, if you wish to use me i am
still able and willing to do anything you ask, and i am so so so hot
 oh yes... how is you clit doing??
 swollen and throbbing
 I think it needs some more attention dont you.... I want you to play with it using a
vibe...
 yes ma'am
 make your pussy nice and juicy...
 god it is
 when i spread my legs standing my cunt drips on the floor
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 I love how wet you get for my commands... I think now we need to get you to
drop some more wax on your pussy...
 god its throbbing and pulsing ma'am
 wax all over my cunt?
 owwwwwwwww 
 yes... and make sure a few drops fall in between your pussy lips...
 on my clit or into my cunt?
 or both?
 owwwwwwwwwwww
 oooooooooohhhhhhhh its getting all covered...
 both... make sure you cover it all... nice and good..
 the wax is dribbling into my open cunt hole
 wish i was with u now
 me too...
 bound
 tight
 I would love to tie you up with the rope and handcuffs and then tease your body
till you beg me to fuck you silly...
 lots of wax on and in my cunt
 mmmm....
 tie my tits n cunt tight
 begging now
 want your pussy nowwwwww
 I would tie you up so you lips were always parted and ready to take any cock...
 ohhhhhhh just promise to do it in the park at night and send 100 men to fuck me
 I have them fuck you raw, and have you begging for more cum....
 i have lots of scratchy hemp rope for u to use to tie me up
 mmmm...
 bathe me in cum pleeeeeeeease
 and then I would sit on your face and try suffocating you with my pussy...
 ohhhhhhh yesssss please
 mmmm... im rubbing my pussy right now thinking about it...
 im dribbling hot wax just thinking bout it
 on my thighs tummy tits n cunt
 and in my cunt hole
 n its running over my asshole too
 oh god how much I would love to grab a strap on right now and fuck your ass
and pussy raw...
 please i need u to do those thing 
 want it, want it sooo much, please
 I love a slave who begs...
 please fuck me, with the toilet brush
 please
 grab the toliet brush again and fuck your pussy fast and hard with it...
 its full of wax
 can i dig some out?
 yes you may dig the wax out before you start to fuck yourself with the brush...
 k got some out...brush going in
 owwwwwwwwww fuckkkkkkkkk
 owwwww owwwwwwwwwwww
 god it hurtssssss
 yes slut faster...
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 oh ohhh goddddddd
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 ooooohhhhh goddd hurtsssssss
 mmmm... im gonna cumm all over my chair....
 on my facee
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
* HardFemme gets on top of you and starts to dribble out some cum from her pussy...
 you can stop now.. and put a vibe into you pussy and turn it on...
 ohhhhhhhhhhh godddd
 need you to take my crop and whip my cunt as hard as you can  over n over and over
and over and over and over until i pass out
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 I want you to grab your crop and whip your pussy 40 times...
 oh godd
 yes ma'am
 do i have to count it to you?
 good cunt... no you dont have to count it... but each hit I want harder than the last
one and yes you may start softly...
 yes ma'am

I did it, and I can't begin to describe how hard those hits got.  By the end, I was sobbing and my
cunt was on fire.

owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
wwwwww
 is your pussy throbing...
 y
 yes ma'am
 I bet you wish you had that fedex guy there again to take care of your pussy..
 yes ma'am
 yes ma'am
 did he fill you up right??
 yes ma'am
 big cock
 did you play with his balls like I asked you to...
 yessssss i did
 mmmm.... i bet he squited you that much more for it...
 lots of cum all over me
 im covered in dried cum n cunt juices
 bits of wax..
 and my cunt is SWOLLEN red and throbbing
 are you going to work like that...
 anything before i put the benwa balls in my cunt??
 i have to yess
 may wash my face, k?
 yes that is okay...  
 when do you want to meet again - monday?
 if you are on Saturday otherwise Monday...
 mmmmmm benwa balls in
 may i wear panties?
 helps keep them from falling out
 yes you may wear panties... but during lunch time I want you to play with your
cunt with your panties on till your panties are soaked with cunt juice...
 yes ma'am
 no cumming til u say so, right?
 right... tomorrow you may cum with either the man or woman or both but not at
any other time...
 you really want me to cum tomorrow?
 its up to you but this will be one of the only opportunities you have to cum under
my service...
 will u reward or punish me if i dont cum?
 I will punish you if you cum more than twice in total tomorrow 
 what if i cum 20 times?
 then you definitely will be punished severely...
 mmmmm well Ill have to see if i can do 20 then
 I know that you can... and I will be ready to punish you on Monday if you tell me
that...
 and ill love it when you do - ill try to be an extra slutty whore for you tomorrow then
 fuck a whole lot of men and cum over and over
 mmmm.... tonight when you get home from work I want you to keep those
panties for me... I want to get them and smell how nasty wet my slut can get...
 k ma'am - balls in , thong panties on, blouse no bra, skirt, and shoes, no cum on my
face, but cumm all over my torso dried and my cunt and thighs are still wet with my cunt juices. 
what a fun night.  gotta run.  better start planning now for how your gonna punish me monday
cause i am ginna fuck and fuck and cum and cum and cum and cum and cum
 I hope so.. cause on Monday I will have you begging me for mercy or even
more...
 ;)
 well see if you are cruel or not
 please email me i wil be checking and will reply
 bye i love you
 I love you too slut...

On Friday morning, I emailed her:  HardFemme, at work on thursday night  i was in a daze, my
panties were soaked by the time i got to the office and i found i could not keep my hands off my
cunt.  i just had to touch and stroke it.  i tried to keep to myself thursday night and concentrate on
the paperwork i had to do, so that staying at my desk, i could keep my fingers of my left hand up
under my skirt and fiddling with my clit the whole time.  Again, at 10pm when i take a half hour
break i went to a remote restroom, locked the door, undressed, and pulled and twisted my nipples
and deeply fingered my cunt until i was so close to cumming again and again.  i left work and got
home after midnight, and collapsed in exhaustion. When i work up this morning, i took a long
long bath in hot water and washed and soothed my cunt and every other sore part of my body. 
still sore in my hot wet dripping cunt but it needs to be filled with cock and my body covered in
cum.  i need to make sure i am ready and prepared for what i plan to do.  Now that I am clean,
dressed in a short flared wool skirt, transparent panties, knee socks and flats, and a tight wool
turtleneck (no bra), I am ready to see how many times I can cum in a day.  Love, sherri, your
painslutwhore

And Saturday morning I emailed again:

Ma'am - yesterday morning i went on yahoo chat - the local romance channel.  it took me less
than 10 minutes to find a cute swinger named Eric who was only a couple miles from me.  After
flirting a bit, i asked him if he thought he could make me cum 20 times in a day - he said he could
and i bet him $100 he could not.  so, we agreed to meet at a starbucks about a block from my
house.  We met, he repeated he could make me cum 20 times in a day, so i asked him to come
home with me.  on the way to my house - walking - i stopped on the sidewalk and asked for his
hand, i put it up under my skirt onto my wet cunt.  i asked him to make me cum right there.  as he
held me, and rubbed my clit, it took me about 2 minutes before i was convulsing almost fainting
but ohhhh what a way to cum right there in the open on the sidewalk like that.  i bit down on his
shirt collar and at least didnt scream out loud.  After that his cock was so hard and had made a
wet spot on his pants.  i took him home and we spent the WHOLE DAY in bed.  He made me
cum 20 times and i paid him the $100; i made him cum 7 times.  He finally asked at one point why
i wanted to cum 20 times and i told him it was a bet from a friend that there was no way a woman
could cum 20 times in a day! Did i get my cunt licked? no.  But tonight after work i'm going to
drop by swingers club and see if i cant find a nice cpl to fuck me silly. oh and by the way, during
luch today at work, i came three more times.  your disobedient slut, sherri

Sat Nov 09 2002
 I'm at work cant really chat now, but wanted to say hi
 have to be VERY careful here ya know
 oh yes... I am dripping wet... I would to hear all about your adventures on friday
with Eric.... and then punish you for it...
 just plently of licking, rubbing and hard fucking of my cunt and ass
 in bed, in the shower, on the living room floor
 I bet your pussy was so alive feeling full of cock..
 I cant wait till monday and punish you for it too..
 being in your presence makes my cunt get wet instantly
 my cunt is suddenly drenched
 what are u wearing today??
 skirt blouse thongpanty

 chemise on, but no bra
 play with your clit... I love when your panties get wet from you being so hot..
 yes Ma'am
 through my panties, to wet them, right?
 yes... make them soaked so you reak of pussy...
 ohhhhhh wet...
 mmmmmmmmm
 can you smell your pussy..
 yes
 oh got you slutty whore you are making me just so horny right now.
 me too sooooo horny
 yesterday i had eric's cum alllll over my slut body
 I want you to raise your skirt and start fingering yourself but dont you dare cum
you whore..
 dont know his last name or how to ever reach him again
 yes Ma'am
 2 fingers in...and out and in...
 was it worth the $100 to have him use you like a slut??
 it was a fair bet and he won
 3 fingers in
 are you ready for your abuse monday?
 might cum now... ready? just need your commands SOOOO MUCH
 cunt is dripping on the floor
 unbutton your shirt, raise your chemise and play with your nipples..
 ohhhh yes Ma'am
 ohhh could get caught... godddd
 do you work in the office by yourself??
 no no anyone could come in
 make sure you pinch them and tug at them....
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhh god im sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo horny
* HardFemme tug your nipples as hard as you can
 do you have any binder clips??
 yes Ma'am
 put one on each pussy lip
 ohhhhhhhhhhhh fukkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
 now tug at the clips on your pussy lips with your other hand...
 yes Ma'am
 owwwwwwwwwww
 pull on them hard
 ohhh god ma'am i would do anything for u
 hurtssssss... sooooo hot
 gonna have to get fucked hard tonight
 do you have a stapler there??
 ohhhh ma'am yes
 I want you to take the clips off and use the stapler like a big dildo...
 yes Ma'am
 cant get caught, cant
 ohhhhh fuckkk shoving the stapler in n out
 well get going then but now I have two commands for you... one is that if you
want to cum tonight you have to fuck that stapler for 5 minues without cumming as fast as you
can and secondly tonight if you fuck a couple you must swallow pee and cum from both of them...
 ohhhhh i m fucking it
 will swallow
 from both of them...
 ohhhhhh godd yesssss
 gonna cum...
 have both of them piss in your mouth.. dont you dare cum you fucking bitch...
 ohhh soo close..
 ohhh soo close..
 I said no slut...
 ok ma'am
 stopped
 I said keep fucking yourself with it for 5 minutes... and not to cum... 
 ohhh god im sorry yes Ma'am
 that better you cum slut.....
 did not cum
 fucking - but slowly there is someone in the office other side
 i dont care, fuck that cunt hard and after you are done your 5 minutes... you may
go back to work..
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhh my cunt is soooo sopping wet
 mmmmm
 anything else now ma'am? anything?
 every hour on the hour I want you to raise you skirt and play with your clit thru
your panties...
 yes ma'am, oh god i think that woman is listening to my sloppy cunt
 good...
 she just walked behind me
 let her hear you fuck your cunt
 yes Ma'am, ohhhhh my panties are ripped and drenched
 she's just standing behind me, about 10 feet behind me
 I hope your panties soak your skirt and leave a big wet spot for her to see...
 i know you hope that - i think it will and i will be severely embarassed
 mmmm that is the point my dear...
 yes Ma'am
 but it makes me so hot to do what you ask
 anything you ask
 i thought you were going to make me staple my nipples or cunt even, and i was ready
to do it if you had commanded it

 take the stapler home as I will have much use of it..
 yes ma'am
 ok bye slut...

Ma'am:  Rubbing my clit every hour as you commanded - at work and at home - but missed the
6pm clit rubbing last night due to being busy at work and also did the 11pm very late and was
busy after midnight.  after we chatted yesterday, my cunt was drenched and yes there was a wet
spot on the back of my skirt.  nobody mentioned it but im sure MANY people saw (and smelled)
me.  it stayed wet a long time too and everytime i sat down it got wet again.  i was very
embarassed and humiliated, but it was just so hot and my cunt got all throbbing hot, like it is most
of the time since you started commanding me.

i went to a club around 10pm called entre-nous thats really a bar but on saturday nights its a
private swinger's club with a bifem-only lounge.  It was a nice place and the people were gorgous. 
I got involved in a game of "strip craps" at the bar with two couples and wound up with only my
shirt on, and it really didnt covered me - my panties and skirt got lost forever - and then, boom,
realized it was 11:40 and I hadnt rubbed my clit, so i went to the bathroom and did it there in a
stall but a woman opened the door on me and started watching.  Her name is Janis, and i told her
that my mistress had commanded me to rub my clit every hour.  she thought that was cool and
wanted to order me around but she was not really up to it.  she had me come dance close to her
and she fingered me to orgasm on the dance floor while we kissed.  Then i danced with her
husband!  I felt his hard cock pressed against me and put my hand in his pants and stroked his
cock and got his precum all over my hand.  I licked it off and then he invited me to their home. I
said that'd be great and they drove me to their place, janis and i necking in the backseat.  inside i
fucked her -- but not him. she and i 69'd while her husband fucked her pussy and filled it with cum
right above my face.  i got a few licks on his dick and ate his cum out of her creamy pussy.  At
one point she had to pee and I asked her to piss on my face in the bathtub - she agreed and it ran
down into my mouth and out all over my body - it made me feel like a total total whore to do that
for you.  She had me shower after that and called a cab for me to take home - had to ride home in
only my shirt and shoes, had to rub my clit in the cab at 3am which i think the driver saw although
i didnt try to show off , got home around 3:10 and went to sleep.

woke up at 9 and rubbed my clit for 5 minutes.  leaving in a bit to go to work but its so hard to be
discrete.  still, my cunt is drenched now and i fear my skirt will get wet spots again. wish i were
just tied up so i could say its not my fault.  brought the stapler home yesterday, mostly cause it
was still wet and smelled of cunt.  im afraid of what you might be considering.  i know i was a
terrible whore this weekend, but please Ma'am dont make me do that.  

once months and months ago i blindfolded myself and hogtied myself naked in my house with
lights off and drapes open and just laid there legs spread and cunt dripping wondering if someone
would see me and what they would think and if police would be called to come rescue me.  didnt
know what would happen.  thats what i feel like now with you - anxious and so fucking hot and
horny and wondering when i will get caught and whether getting caught would be even better
than the risk of getting caught.  makes me want to come be with you - just to be tied super tightly
and feel you fuck my cunt with a big fat rough stick and smother me with your sopping wet pussy.


Mon Nov 11 2002
 hello slut...
 hello Ma'am
 I see you had a very fun and exciting time this weekend
 yesss Ma'am i did
 are you ready to be punished for it...
 i am ready to do what you command
 very good.. let us start, what are you wearing??
 i am nude, Ma'am
 the shades are open, its raining here and my lights are on
 mmm... I think we should start with making your nipples nice and hard...
 yes Ma'am, pinching and pulling my nips for you
 good...nice make your nipples nice and hard...
 yes Ma'am
 when you have them nice and hard get out you nippless clamp and clamp them
very hard...
 yes Ma'am, do you want the clover clamps or regular ones?
 lets try the clover clamps...
 yes Ma'am, as they are tugged or pulled or weighted they get tighter
 theyre on
 mmm... I want you to make them very tight, as tight as possible... and then when
you are done... I want you to get out your clothes pins and put 6 pins in each tit...
 yes Ma'am
 let me know when you are done..
 one side done
 done Ma'am
 stings alllll over my tits
 ok now get out your crop... and give yourself 30 hits over your pussy lips and
then another 30 over your clit...
 yes Ma'am, should i count them? would be very hard to do it well and count
 no you can just do them.... I trust you...
 30 on lips...
 done, now clit..
 ohhhh 
 done
 how does it feel??
 my clit or my whole body???
 my clit is throbbing and stings
 my cunt is red and pulsating and wet
 mmm... and how does your whole body feel..
 my body is flushed and hot
 like high electrciity running through me
 now get 12 more clothes pins and pin 6 on each pussy lip...
 yes Ma'am
 6 on...
 done, do you wish me to tape them to thighs to spread my cunt open for you Ma'am?
 my cunt is drooling already..
 ohhhh sooo hot
 yes baby I love how hot you make me...
 tape them to you legs..
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhh my cunt is spread WIDE open and juices are freely flowing...
 grab your vibe and use it to play with your pussy...
 mmmmmmmmm yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhhhh 
 ohhhhh ma'am soooooooo hot so horny
 get soaking wet for me slut...
 mmmm yes Ma'am
 keep playing with the vibe and make it nice and slick... 
 im soooo wet...my ass keeps sliding off chair its all wet
 ohhhhh god ill cum if i keep this up..
 mmm... now when you get the vibe all wet I want you to shove it up your ass and
leave it in there... and dont you dare cum you fucking slut...
 no ma'am wont cum..
 now shove the vibe up your ass and play with your clit with your finger
afterwards..
 mmmm yes Ma'am vibe is up my ass..fingering my clit..
 how horny are you cunt??
 ohhhhh ma'am sooooo horny - goddd
 so happy to do anything u want
 I want you to give your clamps on your nipples a few more good tugs..
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhh
 god my panties are just soaked from you obeying my commands...
 good
 I would love to have you here so I could fuck you with my 10" strapon.... and
fuck you raw...
 ohhhhhhhhh 
 want your wet panties in my mouth
 soooooo wet
 I have an idea... why dont we trade wet panties so we can taste what the other
tastes like...
 need u to fuck me ma'am, need you to do terrible things to me..
 I think you need a thin dildo in your pussy to fuck yourself with...;)
 I just got a call from work I have to go into work for an emergency meeting... I
should be back before 1 pm your time... I hate to do this but I must...
 i will trade panties with you - when you get back
 1pm my time
 what do i do til then?
 ok... love you slut... and in the mean time I want you to go to the window with all
the toys you have in and on you and see if you cant get a lucky guy or girl to come into your place
to play while I am gone... and you are not to cum no matter what...
 yes ma'am
 see you later then
 see you later...

 i did as you asked Ma'am
 i found a man whose cock i sucked
 mmmm... did he cum all over your face and body?
 he came on my face and tits, yes Ma'am, but im not sure i did it right
 i took the clips off
 why is that??
 well i was not sure i could do it find someone i mean who would come in...
* HardFemme ponders for a minute
 so i took them off my cunt and tits but i  did masturbate in the window
 abd got the attention of a young man waling by
 walking by
 well I suppose I cant be too hard on you... I never did say that you had to keep
them on while you entised him into your home.. but I didnt say that you could so you should be
somewhat punished...
 so i got him to come up and i put on a show for him, had him jack off while i pit on a
show...
 then sucked him
 yes Ma'am whatever you desire
* HardFemme paces back and forth considering your punishment...
 yes Ma'am
 im nude still and very wet and hirny
 horny
 I think we should start by getting out your crop and whip each of your nipple 15
times as hard as you can...
 yes Ma'am
 and I want you to count each hit for me...
 yes Ma'am
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
 0
 11
 12
 13
 3 more whore
 14
 15
 16
 that was left nipple
 now right? cant do that side as hard . im righthanded
 good cunt... now the right nipple.. and do it as hard as you can...
 yes ma'am
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 keep going...
 8
 9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 owwwwwwwwwww
 are you ready for me to play with your pussy again??
 ohhhh my tits are red and nipples swollen
 ready for anything you want, ma'am
 now put the regular clamps on your nipples and grab out one of your candles and
light it..
 yes Ma'am
 clamps on .. candles already lit
 good... now I want you to drop a few drops on each of your pussy lips..
 yes Ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhh
 should see my cunt hole its pulsating
 afterwards I want you to remove so of that wax so you can start playing with your
clit... either with your finger or vibe or both...
 yes Ma'am
 just rubbing with my finger...
 im sooooo wet
 mmmmmmmmmm
 now I want you to slowly finger your pussy, sticking an inch at a time or taking
out an inch at a time...
 yes Ma'am
 I would love to watch you tease your own pussy and make it soaking wet...
 mmmmmmmmmmm its sooo wet
 wish u could see
 wish were yr fingers
 now try to fit as many fingers as you can while you finger yourself...
 ooh yes ma'am
 2..
 3...
 4....
 tell me how tight it feels...
 verrrrry tight
 stretching..
 oh god baby you have me so fucking horny.... 
 can get thumb in only a little...
 sorry to tease u ma'am
 rggggg pushing hard
* HardFemme has 3 fingers and is close to cumming all over her chair...
 cum on my face.. cum in my mouth pleasssse
* HardFemme sits on your face and starts cunvulsing as she cums all over your face and mouth...
 ohhhhhh fuck im soooooooo wet
* sherrislut gulp gulp gulp
 take your fingers out and fuck your self with the vibe but dont cum I want you
horny enough to fuck 100 guys...
 ohhhhh god yes ma'am ...
 fucking vibe...
 mmmmmmmmmmmm
 I want you so fucking wet that you will fuck every guy on your way to work...
 would never get there
 hehe
 oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh
 I would love to watch you as you have every guy cum in that nasty cunt of
yours....
 mmmm...
 i have to use condoms tho right ma'am?
 yes.. we wouldnt want you to get an STD or worse...
 thank u
 mmmmmmmmmmmm feel sooooo cummy
 or maybe Ill just have you fuck every girl you see and have you 69 with them as I
watch...
 mmmmm but harder to find other fems
 would loev to be gangbanged by women, mmmmmm
 playing with my cunt, cumming in my mouth
 that it would be... maybe just have you fuck by 10 guys and have them tie you up
and use you as they wish...
 ohhhhh my worst fantasy is to be tied in the woods naked and fucked and abused by
everyoine who finds me
 or made to cum by rubbing my cunt on a tree...
 tied like a wooden pony, with rough bark under my cunt and made to hump it....
 or maybe just tie you above a dildo on a stool just touching your pussy never
letting you down or fuck the dildo...
 ohhhhhh mean
 id beg and beg
 :>
 maybe I would leave to go shopping for a few hours while I record your begging
and play it back to you while I laugh at you...
 play it to strangers at a bar or club...while i stand there
 and then have them play with your pussy at the bar...
 ohhh god
 maybe even have you wear a leash to the bar and I drag you around like my little
bitch slut...
 ohhhhhhhhhh god i want u to
 and yet id be soooo humiliated
 and I would make you wear that plastic clothing that you can see thru and not let
you wear a bra or panties...
 oooooohh but my wet cunt would make the clothes all drippy
 mmmm.... then I would tell everyone at the bar how horny you were getting by
being exposed like that and how you wished everyone at the bar could eat you/fuck you...
 i would wish it
 do whatever you commanded, bend over and give everyone my cunt and ass
 are there places where u live where we could do this?
 or make you go out in public with dildos and vibes hanging out of your pussy and
ass...
 I dont know if around the immediate area but I am sure that within an hour or two
drive...
 alot of my fantasies involve the woods - the dirt rocks trees bushes - as well as being
displayed to strangers for u
 well trees, rocks, and bushes there are tons of areas here...
 any nettles?
 what are nettles??
 like stinging plants
 saw a video once of a woman made to lie down in nettles, had her cunt and tits
whipped with them, just about made me cum watching it
 oh yes we have lots of those... even plants that sting to the touch....
 ohhhhh
 I would grab some (as I seem to suffer very little from grabbing them) and start
whipping your nipples and cunt with them...
 ohhhhhhh goddddd
 and then I would grab a double dildo and fuck your cunt till you beg me to let you
cum... and then I would tease you by slowly fucking you... prolonging your pussy at that point
just before orgasm for a good hour or so....
 yessss anything you want...
 use my body my cunt ....
 im soooooooo wet ma'am
 my nasty sick cunt is sooooo bad 
 I want you to get out that stapler and start fucking your pussy with it and I want
you to fuck your ass with your vibe...
 yes Ma'am
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 its so cold
 now imagine its me shoving that stapler into your pussy..
 uhhhh
 does it feel like a nice thick cock in your pussy??
 no
 it feels like a big cold metal stapler getting rammed in and out of my cunt
 vibe is deep up my ass
 okay now take it out and whip your clit 20 times hard...
 with cat or crop?
 with cat... we havent used that today yet...
 yes Ma'am
 count?
 no just as long as you do it twenty times.... nice and hard...
 yes Ma'am
 starting..
 OWWWWWWWWWWW
 is your clit throbing now...
 very
 now play with it and give it some tugs... 
 yes Ma'am
 mmmmmmmmmm
 Id love to be there now to lick your pussy clean... and then maybe take a nibble or
two at your clit...
 bite it emmmmmm
 its cum alllllover yr face
 i guess it didnt bother tooo much that i whored myself out thisweekend??
 are u going soft on me?
 not too much but I did not approve of you disobeying me...
 no just punished you a little... tomorrow I will finish up your punishment...
 hmmmmmm but my little pussy is so hot - i might have to get all fucked out today,
hmm?
 yr just teasing me
 dont you dare... I will make sure you hurt tomorrow if you do...
 why tomorrow? if i get a good hot fuck today i might not want to play tomorrow
 well then I guess we should finish your punish today..
 my pussy is begging for a hot fuck, ma'am
 i want you to get out your clover clamps and clamp them as hard as you can...
 on my nips?
 yes... on your nips...
 theyre on
 now grab the crop then whip your nipple 10 times as hard as you can...
 yes Ma'am
 owwwwwwwww
 when you area done grab 15 clothes on each tit and make it the wood ones...
 yes Ma'am
 one tit done
 now the other...
 done - looks wild hurtsssss so much
 now I want you to put 5 pins on each pussy lip...
 yes Ma'am
 one side done...
 when you are done tape them to your legs so your pussy is nice and open...
 yes Ma'am
 done
 god it hurtsssss
 good hold on a sec..
 cunt is spread wiiiiiide open
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 now grab your vibe and rub it against each of the wooden pins...
 oooooo yes Ma'am
 ahhhhhhhhh
 hurtsssss
 now rub it up against the pins on your tits...
 ohhhhhhhhhh
 now do you think I am going soft??
 no
 thats better...
 my cunt hole is spasming again...openandclosing
 is your clit still throbbing....
 yessss
 I think another 10 whips of the crop should take care of it then....
 yess ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhh fuckkkkkkk
 fuck my cunttttt
 beg me to!!!
 shove your fist into my cunt, ram it pleeeeeeeeeeeassssseee
 anything - shove it in fill it up please fuck it hARD HARD HARD
* HardFemme makes a fist and shoves it as hard as she can into your cunt..and starts fucking your
pussy...
 whip it with ropes and chains.....
 ohhhhhh fuck just tell me... fuckin anything yopu want fucking fuck my cunt pleasxe
 a nythig n anywhere
 will fuck my cunt for you fill itt
 fill it with rock!
* HardFemme gets some of your rope and starts whipping your spread open pussy...
 telle me tell me ill do anything you want...please please
 nowsw so fucking hot want it want it my fucking cunt needs to be used and punished
 please please please please please please please
* HardFemme go to the window with your big dildo and fuck yourself in front of it for 5
minutes... show the world how much of a slut you are....
 wih all these clips on???
 yes...
 ohhhhh goddd
 yes mam
 brb
 mmmm... I love when you show the world the slut you really are...
 ohhhhhhhhhh ma'am i dont know i dont know if anyone saw but think maybe one
personat apartment across street....
 oh really was it the man that watched you last week??
 my cunt is soooooo hot ... yeah think it might have been one who saw, not mike they
guy i sucked off
 ok... the one that you masterbated together with...
 yeah...
 mmmm....
 yeah. seems like someone is there lookin...
 seems like godddd how humiliating - all these clips alll over my slut bodyy holding
open my slut CUNT
 play with your clamps on your tits and pussy..
 show him how much of a slut you really are...
 ohhhh think im being watched...
 show him how you like using a big dildo in your pussy or even use the stapler...
 make me be your bad slut please make me be yr whore anything you want i need you
to use me
 tell me wich u want what where how
 I want you to put the dildo up your ass and use the stapler in your pussy and fuck
yourself with it...
 oh my god..
 how badly do you wanna be my slut??
 ohhhhhh fucking my ass and cunt as u want...
 i love when u tell me what to do when yr mean and hurt my sick cunt
 if you were here I would use you like my favorite dildo and be even rougher...
 ohhhhh fuck just tell me what u want
 i think he's watching but so discrete, lol
 I want you to show that man how you fuck your pussy ... fast....
 i ammmmm
 uhhhhhhhgggggggggg
 mmmm... keep playing with yourself for him till he cums and give your nipples a
few good tugs....
 ohhhhhh my fucking cuntttttttttttttt
 yesss
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 yes get your vibe out and rub your clamps out...
 ohhhhhhh
 fuck hes there pointing at his dick and at me, ohhhhh god
 do you wanna fuck him??
 i want to obey u
 invite him over and let him fuck you...
 and cum?
 he can you cant...
 hes coming
 clips??
 leave them on your breasts... but you can take them off your pussy lips..
 he can fuck me with thme on or off
 yes...
 yes?
 yes but you can only take them off your pussy lips but you must leave your breasts
clamps and clothespins... 
 he wants them on - do you mind? do you want me to get fucked from behind so i can
type?
 yes you can keep them on and you can take it from behind if you want...
 ooooooooooooohhhhhhh
 how does he feel...
 mmmmmmmmmm hurtsssss outside feels gooooood in
 fukin ass with dilso while he rams my cunt
 mmmm....
 ohhh ohhhhh
 do anything for u
 goin in my ass
 play with his balls make him cum in your ass...
 hes in no hurry
 hed like to know if there is anything u want him to do
 just to use you in anyway he wants... tell him to use you like the slut you are...
 hes trying to fist my cunt...
 push your cunt as hard as you can against it...
 OH MY GOD hes fucking my cunt with his HAND
 fuck it nice and hard, take it all into your cunt...
 oyh y
 fuckkkk oh do you want him to spank or whip me? or wax? or eat his ass while he
waxes my cunt?
 must i not cumm?
 dont you dare cum... but give him the crop and let him whip you...
 y m
 and if he wants to pour wax over you cunt let him...
 yes mam
 what going on now...
 OWWWWWWW ohhhhh fuck he pured a huge amount of wax on my CUNT...
 mmmmm.. I wish that I could be there doing that you...
 ohhhh mam
 he fucked my mouth and came down my throat while whipping my poor wet cunt..
 he wants to know if there is anything else you want him to do for you now
 otherwise he says hes done with me for today
 he says he'll whip my cunt for u any day
 hes gone
 you are turning me on so much....
 my cunt is drenched and sore, my tits are on fire
 he whipped my cunt so hard he made the clips fall off
 mmmm....
 theyr still mostly on my tits - a few fell off
 and i feel l ike ive been drugged
 may i get some water?
 yes you may get water...
 is this more of the way you want me to treat you??
 yessss and i want you here to sit on my face now and fill my mouth with your pussy
juice
 mmmm... how much longer before you have to go to work??
 need to go at 5:15 at latest really latest
 well I dont want to keep you from going to work and being all embarrest as you
go with a nasty, stinky pussy... lol
 dont care. just tell me what u want
 please
 please
 please
 please
 please
 please
 please
 please
 please
 rubbing my cunt juices ALL over my body
 I want you to go and get dressed and every hour I want you to get out your little
vibrator and start put in your pussy for 10 minutes and let it sit there... and during your lunch I
want you to go to the bathroom and sit there the whole time while you tug on your nipples...
 yes....
 no cumming, i guess
 whatya want me to wear? skirt, blouse and ??
 blouse with no bra and a short skirt...
 my cunt juices will run down my inner thigh and people will see them
 you job is not to question but just to do...
 just letting you know - i will do as you ask
 very easy to get dressed when you're not wearing anything much
 very good...
 dressed and no where to go for 15 minutes, any further commands for now?
 are you wearing any panties??
 no mam
 nor bra
 good girl... that I want to see....
 blouse and skirt..and shoes
 dripping cunt and throbbing breasts
 dried cum on my body, in my hair
 anything else?
 remember what your instructions are tonight...
 every hour vibe in my cunt for 10 minutes/lunch - in bathroom and tug nipples the
whole time
 anything else Ma'am?
 no thats it.... that should keep you busy...
 and u know someone is going to see my wet thighs and stick there hand up my cunt
 will u be on tomorrow?
 mmm... Im hoping so... and yes I will be on tomorrow...
 k well ill go maybe pick up fresh batteries on the way to work
 that sounds great...
 my pleasure
 love you Ma'am
 bye

Tue Nov 12 2002
 hello slave, how was work last night...
 difficult, what with my cunt dripping the whole time and throbbing from the beatings
 i bet... how did it make you feel...
 but i didnt miss any of my assignments
 it made me feel like a whore of course
 i guess i am
 mmm... its good that you know your place...
 yes Ma'am
 what do you have on right now??
 i have on thong panties and a cropped tee
 panties r wet
 I want you to start playing with your nipples thru your tee...
 yes Ma'am
 mmmmmm
 are they still a little sore from yesterday...
 yes Ma'am
 pretty sore
 ohhhhhhhh
 good... now give them a few tugs...
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 very pointy now, hehe
 hehe...
 my cunt is creamy-panties drenched
 mmmm....
 ohhhhhhhhhh im so hot
 Ma'am?
 good... not take off your top and put clothes pins on your nipples and breasts...
 yes Ma'am how many?
 have 11 on each tit now
 more?
 no thats good now I want you to get out the cat whip out and give your pussy 20
good and hard whips...
 through the panty?
 count them out?
 no take your panties off and yes I want you to count them for me...
 yes Ma'am
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
 harder...
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
 16
 17
 18
 19
 20
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 owwwwwwww ma'am hurtsss
 now get 5 clothes pins on each pussy lip and tape them to your thighs...
 yes ma'am
 I want your pussy open to the world...
 tapes WIDE open...
 done
 cunt drooling
 now get your vibe out and rub your clit a little.... but dont you dare cum slut...
 ohhhhhh its so swollen
 how horny are you now whore??
 how horny? ma'am isnt it enough that i would do anything you ask?? im so horny!!!
you can make me do ANYTHING
 god im so pathetic i would do anything for you anything at all
 now get out that big dildo of your and start fucking it but slowly....
 my nasty sick cunt oh yesss thank you
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 see with pain comes pleasure and with pleasure comes pain...
 are you ready to whore you out like some ten dollar hooker, slut??
 yesssss
 do u want me to? ill do anything u ask, sell my cunt for $10 
 oh i think your cunt is worth more than $10 maybe like $15... lol I would love to
watch you as you offer your cunt to any man or woman for that price...
 mmmmmm if u like
 u keep th money
 yes...
 this afternoon I want you to fuck as many guys as you can find that will fuck you
for that price...
 where, here?
 if you want or elsewhere if you wish as well..
 i could try and find a group of guys...i dunno how
 well how did you find that Eric??
 on yahoo chat - the maryland romance channel
 try something like that... I am sure you will find a few guys to fuck you like that...
 a few or alot?
 which would u prefer?
 must they all pay?
 as many as you can find that will fuck you... and if they come in one big group yes
but if you find someone that shows up by themselves you may fuck them free...
 u want a big number of guys to fuck me then
 oh yes... for now this as close I will come to 
 being able to whore you out...
 yes ma'am - may i remove the clips for this?
 yes you may remove your clips to do this...
 now? should i start now? are you done with me for now?
 yes you may start now..... I have some business to attend to for work... I will stay
online thou so you may keep me up to date on your progress...
 yes ma'am 
 checking right now
 ok...
 i need to go out...
 ok... what for??
 i found a guy named steven who will fuck me for $15 and he says he has "some
friends" who will come fuck me too
 mmm... let me know how it goes...
 he's in a good area so i think its ok
 ok.. but remember, be safe...
 yes ma'am
 ok now go slut... I love you...
 i will come back here afterwards to check in with you
 could u be on at like 3pm?
 3pm ET?
 yes I will be here for sure...
 ok I will be here to check in then
 gonna take a quick shower - be back then, love you ma'am

Tue Nov 12 2002
 and how did it go?
 135 dollars
 mmmm... how does you pussy feel...
 got fucked by 9 guys .. its sore but i didnt cum and im so fucking hott
 swallowed 4 loads of cum
* HardFemme is getting wet from hearing about your adventures
 got it in my hair and on my face and ass and tits
 mmm...
 got cunt juices all over my body
 got fucked in the ass twice
 what did you wear to the event??
 short skirt and cropped tshirt
 got cum all over my skirt
 i bet....
 my cunt is so swollen and hot
 well then I think it might be time for a few swats from your crop maybe 10 on
your pussy and make sure each hit stings...
 rug burns on my knees and tits
 ohhhh god yes Ma'am, 10, count them out or no?
 yes count them...
 yes Ma'am
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
 10
 ohhhhhh ma'am pls punish my wicked cunt ohhhh god its sooooooooooo hot
 fukkkkk its throbbing
 I think you need to pinch your pussy lips with some clothes pins... maybe 6 on
each side...
 yes Ma'am
 6 on...
 done
 6 each side
 mmmm... how does that feel slut??
 hurtssssss
 nasty fuk cunt
 make me use my cunt hard punish it please my sick fuk cunt is soooo bad - fucked all
those men godddddddd
 please
 please
 why dont you get your vibe out and stick it in your pussy for 3 minutes... of
course it will be on while you use it...
 ohhhh
 yes Ma'am
 my cunt doesnt deserve such pleasure
 I love how wet it makes you.... and beside if you recieve pleasure at first pain
comes later...:>
 my cunt is so wet
 all over down there
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 now I want you to get out your rope and run it between your pussy lips, back and
forth...
 rub it between my lips or tie it between my lips? and should i use nylon rope or hemp
rope??
 Ma'am??
 sorry phone call.. 
 rub it between my lips or tie it between my lips? and should i use nylon rope or hemp
rope??
 I want you to use hemp rope and I want you to rub it between your lips...
 yes Ma'am
 ooooo oooo
 feel the burn bitch...
 ohhhh goddddddddddddddd
 is that the pain you needed to feel??
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my cuntttttt
 yess ma'am
 now place the clover clamps as tight as you can on your nipples... and keep
rubbing that rope...
 yess ma'am
 these clamps get tighter when they are pulled on or weighted...
 theytre on..
 do you have any weights on them??
 no
 I mean do you have any weights for them??
 y
 I think maybe we should attach a few weights to each of them... lets start by
putting 1 4 oz weight on each of them...
 2 on each nipple now...
 lets add another one then...
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 mmmm... I think your ass has been neglected today I think we should give
attention... now stand up and bend over so you can give it a good set of swats with the crop... 20
on each cheek...
 yes ma'am, i dont have to count that do i?
 no you dont have to count...
 good i just finished
 ass is all warm and stingy
 cunt is dripping on the floor again
 bad cunt wants moore
 always more
 punish my sick cunt please
 please
 please
 now give yourself 20 whips on your clit as hard as you can...
 yes mam
 count?
 starting
 ok...
 owwwwww 
 ow ow owwwww
 mmmmmm.... I love when you cunt drips all over your chair and floor...
 ohhhhhh god it isss
 its so hot
 so greedy
 so greedy
 fucking cunt!
 beat it hit it please!!!!!!!
 harder harder fucking cunttttt
 please!!!!!!!
 anything
 please do it
 grab you big dildo and dip it into you pussy a few times and then shove it up you
ass....
 y mam
 ohhhhhhhhhhhh
 in my assss
 anything u want
 now grab your vibe and rub it against each of the clothes pin on your pussy lips...
 mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
 o cunt uiss soooooo greeeeeedddddyy
 oh god I wish you were so I could do this all in person... and so much more...
 drooling
 more whast tell me order me
 pls hurt this fuck slut cunt
 please
 please teach this cunt a lesson
 please
 please
 please
 what more make me do it please
 I think 30 more whips to your clit will teach you...
 crop?
 yes...
 yes ma'am
 starting.....
 faster, harder
 OWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
 OHHHHH GODDD cunt loves it!!!!
 please
 please anything you can think of please do it
 anything
 no limits
 no limits
 do it please
 rub your pussy some more with the hemp rope... as fasta s you can...
 oh godd
 itll make it cumm
 rggggggggg
 doing...
 illl cummm
 illl cummm
 dont you dare cum you slut...
 oh godd
 burnsss
 burnsss
 please anything you can think of please do it
 anything u want'
 no limits
 mmm... I think it time for your candle to come out and drop wax on your tummy
and pussy...
 y mam
 dripping....
 mmmm... do you still have your stapler there??
 y mam
 I think your tits need some staples in them...
 dripping....on my clit--running down into my ..
 oh goddd ma'am
 what do you want?????
 if u want you have to tell me what to do
 exactly
 exactly what to do and ill do for you
 I want you to grab each of your breasts and open the stapler up and staple 3
staples on each tit the closer to the nipple the better...
 oh god ma'am
 push staple into tit, right?
 yes...
 yes ma'am
 owwwwww owwwwwwwwwwwww did 1..
 2 n 3
 mmmm... now the other breast...
 1
 2 n 3
 ohhhhh goddddddddd
 ohhhhhhhhhhh goddddddddddddddd
 oh ma'am im throbbing...
 good...
 my cunt is pulsating
 its soooooooooooooooooooo BAD BAD BADDDD
 now grab that dildo out of your ass and suck on it, suck... slut...
 yes ma'am
 suck on it like those cocks you sucked on today...
 yes ma'am sucking
 sucking
 mmmm.... now fuck it fast but dont you dare cum cunt... fuck it as fast as you
can...
 yes ma'am
 yess....
 ohhhhhhhhhhh
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 ohhh my hottt cuntt
 good slave... fuck that nasty cunt...
 Now stop fucking your self and play with your clit again...
 ohhh
 yes ma'am
 ohh goddddddd soooooooo horny
 please this bad cunt bad bad cunttttt
 ohhhhhhh ma'am
 please
 cunt is so greedy
 cunt is so greedy
 bad bad fukin cunt
 rub your cunt with the nylon rope...
 do anything to it
 yes ma'am
 ohhhhhhhhhhh
 hottt
 heat
 fuxk my cuntt
 pls
 owwwwwww
 now I want you to give a tug to those clothes pins...
 yes ma'am
 now your instructions for tonight are to leave those clothes pin on your pussy lips
all night and at lunch time play with your clit and tug at the pins...
 oh god
 cant go
 why not??
 cant go bad cunt soooooo horny
 cant go like thiss
 hold on a sec... I have to go to the bathroom... brb
 ohh my bad cunt
 do anything u want
 my cunt is so bad
 ma'am if u could see
 im such a mess
 bad cunt is throbbing
 breasts are throbbing
 I bet you smell like dried cum...
 yess
 i do
 cant go like this will fire me
 so are you gonna call in sick...
 i dunno
 do what u want
 what u tell me
 but pls dont get me fired
 pls fuck this hot horny bad cunt
 greeeeeedy cunt
 if you feel that you will gets fired by going into work... then I will not send you
but you must at least call them and let them know that you will not be there... 
 yes ma'am
 do u wish to use this bad cunt?
 besides it lets me play with you a little bit more before I have to go...
 when do u go?
 I have to leave around 6 pm your time...
 if i may shower and dress better before i go , could go to work late
 will wear clips under skirt if you wish it
 on my bad cunt
 on my clit
 but cant be caught
 do what u want
 do what u want
 if you are going to work late I want you to wear those pins under your skirt all
night long...
 yes ma'am
 pls we have 40 minutes then - my cunt is so greedy ma'am - i need you so much to
teach it teach it to behave once and for all - its wide open and drooling juice
 and at lunch time I want you to go to your secret place and play with your clit as
you tug on those pins... but dont you dare cum...
 no ma'am of course i wont
 quickly tape those pins to your thighs and get out your crop... I want you to whip
your pussy 20 times as hard as you can...
 yes ma'am
 good slut.... I want your legs covered in juices by the time we are done...
 owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
 so wet juices splashing all over
 mmmm... faster,harder....
 pls whip my cunt til i cum pls
 more??
 more??
 more??
 pls whip my cunt til i cum pleeeeeease
 pls whip my cunt til i cum pleeeeeease
 pls whip my cunt til i cum pleeeeeease
 pls whip my cunt til i cum pleeeeeease
 what if I dont want you to cum...
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh
 just tell me what u want!!! PLEASE
 what if I want you to whip yourself but stop just before you cum....
 if u want
 do u??
 I think you have done lots to please me today and I will let you whip yourself until
you cum... slut...
 whip my wet swolle ncunt????
 thank you
 thank you
 thank you
 thank you
 whip fast and hard, whore till you cum all over...
 thank you yes ma'am
 starting...
 tell me when you have cum cunt...
 ??
 whipping... whipping.... hard.... poor nasty fucking cunt
 whipping my bad cuntttt
 cum slut.... cum like youve wanted to all day... when you were fucking the 9 guys
or when I was having you tease yourself...
 ??
 ??
 ??
 ??
 o ma'am
 thank u
 thank you
End of buffer    Tue Nov 12 2002

Post Script:  Nov 14 2002
 hello sherri, what happened
 yes
 i was very sore, hurt
 humiliated
 i cant live like that, it was sooo good tho
 i need some time to heal
 cunt is still sore and red and sore inside
 breasts and nipples are VERY sore
 thats fine dear... everyone needs time to heal...
 i would have stapled my cunt!
 just thinking of it is making me wet, god im so bad
 I bet if I told you to play with your pussy now... you would wouldnt you...
 yes Ma'am i would, would do anything u ask me to do
 god i have such a reaction to you, my cunt is so wet already
 are you at work or at home??
 home
 I want you to get out your vibrator and play with your clit... 
 yes ma'am...doing...
 in about 2 minutes I want your to start fucking yourself with your vibe until you
cum..
 ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh god IM SO WET
 yes ma'am
 are you ready to cum for me slut...
 tell me how much you want to make me happy and cum for me...
 i want to cum for you sooooo much want to please you serve you do whatever you
ask
 cum or not cum you decide
 I want you to cum... lots... until you cant cum no more...
 ohhhhhhhhhhhh
 are you cumming slut??
 ohhhhhh god yessss 4 timess so far
 what are you wearing today, cunt...
 whatever u want
 I mean right now??
 nothing
 mmm..... next time we talk you will wear a collar...
 yes ma'am




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Sherrie W


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





