BDSM Library - Tori's Sense of Purpose and Being




Tori's Sense of Purpose and Being
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A thieving maid is given a choice of instant dismissal or sexual servitude.
Tori's Sense of Purpose and Being

by Brenda


"I like you Tori, and that's why I'm not going to fire you on the spot. You have
the makings of a very good personal maid once you're taught obedience and
subject to strict discipline. I'm going to punish you for stealing from me. I'm
going to take a belt to you and whip you hard and without mercy."

"You...you're not going to fire me?" the much younger woman asked.

"No. Unless you refuse to accept my punishment," forty-two year old Jane Cole
replied.

"I...I deserve a good whipping, " twenty year old Tori Smith replied, blushing
and lowering her eyes. "I...I'll take your hardest whipping, Miss."

"I'm glad you realize your need for punishment. Be warned that I shall teach you
a very severe lesson with a belt that you will never forget. And least you
should back slide, I intend on taking the belt to you at least twice a month for
harsh punishment; more often if you need it. You will be required to keep a
punishment book and every time you displease me I will tell you how many lashes
to enter in it."

Miss Cole's voice was throaty, stern - yet almost dripping with sensuality.

"Have you heard the terms D/s and BDSM, and do you know anything of either?" the
woman asked.

"I...I...yes..." Tori replied, trembling with an odd, never before experienced
arousal.

"As my personal maid, it is my intentions henceforth to subject your person to
very strict D/s and BDSM. Do you accept these new terms of employment, or do you
wish to terminate your position with me immediately?"

"I...I...I accept your new terms," Tori replied, blushing deeply. "I...I swear
I'll never steal from you again, Miss."

"I am sure you will never do less than perfectly obey your Mistress from here on
out," Miss Cole said, her eyes almost devouring her domestic servant.

"I want you to go to your room now and clear you mind of everything except the
whipping I'm to give you in an hour's time. I want you to think about me and how
I'm going to whip you and put you under my very strict domination. You will
report to me in my bedroom quite naked except for your sexy black stockings and
garter belt, and ready for a severe whipping. I shall be naked also in black
stockings and garter belt. I want you to think about that, Tori. About the
eroticism of such a scene - two naked women together in sexy black stockings and
garter belts, one of them wielding a leather belt, and the other so submissively
down on her hands and knees in total and abject submission. Licking the toes of
the woman who beats her so harshly. Do you have anything to say or any
questions?"

"I...I..." Tori stammered. "Thank you for giving me this chance, Miss," Tori
stammered.

"You may thank me later. In my room, after I've whipped you. You may take my
panties to your room and smell them whilst you think about what it's going to be
like to be a very submissive maid under the very hard domination of a strict
Mistress."

Jane raised her skirt and pulled her pale blue silk panties off. Tori trembled
as she accepted them. "Thank you, Miss," she said, blushing crimson as she
accepted Miss Cole's intimate silken garment.

*******************

In the privacy of her room, Tori stripped naked except for the black stocking
and garter belt that Jane insisted she wear as part of her uniform. She sniffed
the dampness of her own panty crotch and tossed them on the floor. Stretching
out on the bed, she picked up Jane's panties and sniffed the crotch. The
expensive silk garment was very wet and reeked of cunt.

Tori had never done anything like this before nor had she ever had any sexual
sort of feelings towards other girls or women. But as the scent of Jane's cunt
filled her nose, Tori WANTED Jane and her to be naked together in sexy black
stockings, and for Jane to whip the piss out of her. She quivered with hot
arousal as she felt the wetness of the other woman's panty crotch against her
lips. Jane must have come in her panties in order for them to be so soggy and
cunty smelling, and must be really turned on at the thought of whipping her,
Tori thought. She had only worked for Jane for just over a week, but had seemed
drawn to her earthiness from the day Jane interviewed her.

Tori puckered her lips in a kiss against the wet silk material. She wanted to
extend her tongue and taste Jane's come. But she wanted to tease her clitty
first and make herself really hot for it. Then she noticed the long heavy brown
streak in the pale blue silk where the material had ridden between Jane's bottom
cheeks. Jane was always soiling her expensive panties that way. Tori wondered if
Jane ever wiped her bottom after going to the toilet.

She moved one hand to her pussy and caressed herself as she sniffed the brown
stain, whimpering as she was able to smell the scent of Jane's bottom distinct
from her cunt scent. No man had ever made her so hot, and she wondered if she
was turning lesbian. She wondered if that was what Jane wanted. Why else would
she have given her dirty panties to her to smell? Why else did she speak of D/s
and BDSM? Did the filthy rich widow of a much older man wish to use her as her
lesbian sex slave?

Tori trembled at the thought. Trailer trash such as herself seldom had the
chance to live in total luxury as she had enjoyed this past week. She had been a
fool to steal from Jane. But she was not going to be a double fool for refusing
the older woman's reprieve. Her mind told her she would never get another chance
like the one she almost blew. And her pussy was also telling her that she wanted
Jane to whip her. To be whipped and broken. For Jane to dominate her. To be
Jane's slave. Jane's lesbian sex slave!

Tori whimpered and licked the brown streak, her fingers teasing her clit as her
tongue laved the pale blue silk. It was a depraved, nasty act, but seemed so
fitting as an act of abject homage from a lesbian sex slave to her Mistress. Her
pussy was oozing wet and she knew she was going to come really big. But she
moved her fingers away from her pleasure-sensitive clit, wanting to delay orgasm
for as long as possible while she savored these new emotions and extreme sexual
feelings.

She moved her nose back to the wet panty crotch and deeply inhaled Jane's cunt
scent. She had seen Jane naked several times, and she thought about the other
woman's dark, hairy pubic bush and long pussy slit as she inhaled the
intoxicating scent. She was doing exactly what Jane had told her to do - she was
smelling Jane's dirty panties and thinking about the two of them naked together.
She thought about Jane whipping her without mercy. And she thought about what
might happen afterwards. What she WANTED to happen. For Jane to put her head
down between her legs and make her suck pussy! "I want to spread the cheeks of
her ass and lick and taste Jane's dirty, shitty asshole, too," she murmured
aloud, totally caught up in shameful arousal that was stronger than any sexual
arousal she had ever experienced.

Tori whimpered at the thought of sucking pussy and eating dirty ass for Jane and
began to lick the soggy crotch of the woman's panties. She teased her clit with
two fingers, wanting to slowly build herself to orgasm. She suddenly looked
towards her door and froze for a moment as she stared into Jane's watching eyes.

Tori wondered how long Jane had been watching her. There was a slight smile on
Jane's lips and a knowing look in her eyes. Unable to help herself, Tori closed
her eyes and her fingers began to frantically frigg herself as she deliberately
licked Jane's panty crotch. The fact that Jane was watching seemed to excite her
to a fever pitch, and she stiffened and cried out as she came. Harder and better
than she had ever come before. Jane watched for a few moments longer and then
finally turned and left.

Tori lay savoring the aftermath of her orgasm. She knew she should feel ashamed
of what she had just done and be repulsed by the slightly salty taste of Jane's
soiled panty crotch which she still held in her mouth. But as she sucked on the
silk material, she felt sexier than she had ever felt. Nor did she feel ashamed
that Jane had watched her play with herself as she sniffed and licked and sucked
on her dirty panties. She was sure that was what Jane had wanted her to do. Or
she hoped so. And she hoped that Jane was going to have her sucking on something
else real soon. She looked at her clock and quivered as she realized it was time
to go to Jane's room...

********************

"May I come in, Miss?" Tori said, knocking on Jane's bedroom door.

"You may enter, Tori," Jane replied.

Tori entered Jane's bedroom and blushed as she saw her mistress laying on her
bed, naked except for black silk stockings and suspender belt.

"There's no need to blush so," Jane said. "Not after what I saw you doing in
your room with my dirty panties. You came very nicely. Were you thinking about
me when you came, Tori?"

"Yes, Miss," the pretty brunette replied, staring at Jane's hairy crotch.

"I play with myself and come in my panties every time I think about making you
my sweet little lesbian submissive, Tori. From what I saw, I think you want it,
eh?"

"Yes, Miss" Tori replied, watching as Jane parted her thighs wide, making her
cunt gape open.

"You have quite a passion for my dirty panties, just as I hoped you would.
You've had your pleasure and now I shall have mine. I will delay whipping you
until tomorrow. Providing you satisfy me. I expect you to make me come several
times. But it will spoil my pleasure if I'm not sure that you want the taste of
me in your mouth. More than you've ever wanted anything."

"I do, Miss," Tori said, approaching Jane's bed and crawling onto the foot of
it. "I want the scent and taste of you and to make you feel like you're in
paradise," Tori said, licking Jane's black stockinged toes.

"I knew there was something about you from the moment I saw you," Jane said,
wriggling her toes against Tori's tongue. "That you  were the one I was
searching for. The one who would cater to my every desire. Have you done this
with other women?"

"No, Miss" Tori said, aroused by the cheesy taste of Jane's feet in her mouth.
"But I will do anything for you, Miss. I...I want you to whip me and make me do
dirty things for you."

"Ummmm, you sexy thing," Jane said. "If that's what you really want then you can
lick my dirty bottom. It's ripe for a good licking. Lick it for me and get the
taste of my shit in your mouth."

"Oh, Miss," Tori whimpered as Jane turned onto her tummy and raised her bottom
lewdly. She kissed and licked the plump cheeks of Jane's bottom and then parted
them wide. Whimpering again, she pressed her face between them and licked Jane's
tight asshole.

"Ah! Ooohhh, Tori!" Jane gasped. "Can you taste it? Can you taste my shit?"

"Oh yes, Miss!" Tori replied, laving Jane's anus with her tongue. "Mmmmmmmm! I
want it! I want it more than I want anything!"

"Oooohhhh, Toritoy! Ah! That's lovely! Ummmm stick that tongue right up my
asshole!"

Tori felt her pulse pound and her clit throb with arousal as she tongued the
other woman's anus. The bitter taste of Jane's shit filled her mouth, exciting
and thrilling her. Until this moment she had been without a real purpose or
sense of being. But now she knew her purpose and she reveled in it.....




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





