BDSM Library - Just An Ordinary Housewife




Just An Ordinary Housewife
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A Young Wife is raped in her own home by her husband's boss leading to humiliating sexual activity with him and others.
Disclaimer:
The following text contains explicit descriptions of sexual activity not all of
it particularly wholesome. It is based on real life experiences. If you are
under age or this sort of writing is unacceptable in the area where you live,
please do not continue to read and delete this file from your computer!
_______________________________________________




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 1 - In the beginning.

I got married far too soon in life with disastrous consequences. My intention
was to leave home and have legal sex and babies with someone who would love and
care for me for the rest of my life.

Robert was the son of good friends of my parents who were apparently well off
and it looked like a great idea at the time.

We got married in a big white wedding (well I was a virgin!) and went off to
Cyprus for our honeymoon. We both enjoyed sex and sunshine but all too soon it
was time to go home. A year after we were married the family business went bust
but credit to Robert he did get another job in sales quite quickly. Alas I still
wanted sex every night but he began to show less and less interest......

Let me tell you a little more about myself. I'm 5ft 5 inches tall weighing
around 120 pounds with shoulder length naturally fair hair. My face has Nordic
features betraying my ancestry (one of my very early Scottish ancestors probably
had involuntary sex with a Viking invader), blue eyes and full mouth. My shape
is reasonably in balance although I could do with taking a little more excercise
to firm things up a little!

I dress mainly in casual clothes but with a little effort can make most things
look good on me. If I go on a big spend I feel like Julia Roberts in the dress
shop before Richard Gere turned up with his credit card! In fact I'm the picture
of a middle class housewife whose children (now) go to private schools. So now
you know what I look like. Let us put the clock back a good number of years and
see what happened on the way to this picture of respectability.

As many couples do we decided to have a baby which at least guranteed sex once a
week. Robert worked hard but I was a little lonely as I did not have a job of my
own to go to. One evening however, what started as innocent flirting changed my
life.

Robert's boss visited his territory regularly leaving his wife behind in
Scotland. Alex Alexander (original thinking on behalf of his parents!) was a
pushy businessman with both charm and arrogance. He made me a little nervous and
particularly so when Robert asked him to join us for dinner.

It all went very well, I cooked a Chinese style meal which we all enjoyed and I
found Alex easy to get on with to the extent that suggestive remarks were made.
Nobody bothered very much as he was happily married. At the end of the evening,
Robert retired to bed somewhat mentally as well as physically tired and left
Alex and I to clear up.

We sat down together and had a cup of coffee to send him on his way. All of a
sudden he put his hand on my leg and began moving it upwards! Instead of saying
a very firm NO, I froze and let his hand continue to the bare flesh of my
stocking tops.

I remained motionless as his fingers moved inside my knickers and all I managed
to say was "No, Alex! No! Not here! Not now". Words that I would say again at
other times.

A finger worked its way through my hairs into my slit which was dry with fear.
More probing took it deeper until it reached some moisture and was then followed
by another finger and then a thumb on my clitoris.

I could no longer move or speak but knew what was to follow. Alex put me on my
back on the settee with one leg on the floor and the other over the seat back.
Pulling my knickers further to one side I was completely exposed. He slipped out
his cock and placed it at the entrance to my vagina and with a series of thrusts
forced it in. My heart was racing and my breathing heavy and I began to moan as
quietly as I could. Alex put one hand in my hair pulling my head back and the
other hand, no longer needed betwen my legs, over my mouth.

The more he pushed, the more I wriggled and the more I wriggled the deeper in it
went. When it was right in he paused and then began a series of slow strokes
that drove me wild even though I was to all intents and purposes being raped. A
few quicker thrusts finished me off. Every muscle in my body seemed to contract
and as I went limp I could just sense Alex depositing his fluids in me.

We disentangled ourselves. I covered my slit with my knickers and Alex swiftly
put his cock away. In seconds it looked as if nothing had happened at all. Alex
departed into the night and I went to the bathroom to clean myself up before
joining my sleping husband. At least I had had real satisfying sex...!!

Robert continued to try to impregnate me but I still felt that sex should be
more satisfying. I opened wide, he put it in, went off, took it out and wiped it
and that was about it! I did however manage to get the frequency increased to
twice a week which I felt was a little insulting to a young woman of my looks
and enthusiasm for the job of motherhood.

The week after the encounter with Alex I was enjoying a relaxing morning at home
when the door bell rang. I had been sitting in the conservatory enjoying the
warmth of the sum and catching up on a little light reading. In fact I felt so
relaxed that I planned on a short visit to the bedroom to have a proper orgasm
on my own.

A little irritated at being disturbed I went to open the door. It was Alex. My
heart rate went off the scale as I quickly regained my composure.

"May I come in?" he said. I could hardly say no. "I've just put the kettle on
for some tea" I replied "Of course you may". Optimistically I thought that he
might have turned up with a bunch of flowers and an apology - but he was not
that sort of person.

We sat down with a mug of tea and some biscuits (another cause of my dietary
downfall!) and rather obviously the conversation turned to the previous week.

"Why did you do that to me?" I asked.
"Did you enjoy it?" he replied.
"I'm Roberts wife, I should not be treated like that"
"I'm Robert's boss. I effectively own him. You too depend on his employment so I
have a hold over you too"
I was getting nervous again. "You mean....?" My voice trailed off. "You mean you
want to.....?"
"Yes, thats right" he said, "I've come round to have sex with you again, this
time a little less hurried"

The cheek of it. He really mean't it. What could I do. "Look on it as a career
move for Robert" he said "or I supose I could tell him about how good you were
last week".

I began to cry. "You.. You.. " I could not get the words out that I wanted to
say. Alex walked over to me and took my arm lightly at first. I resisted and he
applied more pressure till I stood up.

"Where shall we do it, Kelly?" he said calmly dragging me towards the stairs.
"No Alex, please, not in my bedroom!". He took that as an indication that I
would be happy to do it somewhere else and carried on forcing me, still crying,
up the stairs.

On the landing he paused and steered me into the guest room where I was placed
on the bed sitting with my legs over the side. Alex shut the door and said
quietly "Kelly, take your clothes off for me please". I sat there sobbing and
said "No" as firmly as I could.

I was dressed in a halter necked T shirt with a low push up bra, a denim skirt
with loose fitting French knickers underneath and my comfy but sexy shoes, sling
back with a two inch heel. Any less did not do my legs justice and any more
height made me look tarty. Despite my tears I still looked sexy enough not to
put Alex off.

"OK then" said Alex, "lets do it the hard way". He took my arm again and took me
across the room so I was standing in front of any easy chair. "Now bend over" he
commanded and I reached down and put my hands on the arms of the chair to steady
myself. It was not a comfortable position with my high heels stretching the
muscles on the back of my legs.

He raised my skirt arount my waist and paused for a few seconds contemplating my
raised backside. Fingers inside the waistband pulled my knickers over my hips
and down aroung my ankles. His feet shuffled mine as far apart as the fabric of
my panties would allow.

I'd stopped crying now and was just breathing heavily in anticipation. I glanced
sideways and saw in a mirror that he had taken his trousers off but his cock was
not fully erect. Maybe he was nervous too.

His hands went over my bare flesh and thumbs down the crease of my buttocks. I
stiffened as they parted my outer lips and Alex placed his now firm cock at the
entrance to my vagina. I squealed with each hard push that was needed to push it
in deeper. My fluids ran and there was no more resistance.

"Alex, Why ar you doing this" I asked hopelessly.
"Because I know you won't resist and I want to teach you
to enjoy it" was the confident reply.

With that he pushed up the back of my T shirt and unclipped
my bra. My breasts obeyed the laws of gravity and he put his hands underneath
them. His cock was slowly beginning to do its work at the same time as his
fingers sueezed and pulled on my nipples. "Alex, No. Please..!"
My voice turned into panting gasps as his fingers aqueezed harder finding the
right balance between pain and pleasure as his cock pumped faster. He paused. My
muscles all went tight as I reached my climax and cried out loudly. A further
pause and then a few swift strokes filled me with his fluids.

My legs gave way and I collapsed on the floor. Alex calmly picked me up, laid me
on the bed and removed the last vestiges of my clothing. I lay there stark naked
still shaking and breathing heavily.

Alex removed all his clothes and sat next to me on the bed. He put a hand
between my legs gently massaging my sticky inner thighs. He took my hand and put
it on his cock. "See if you can make it work again, Kelly" he said.
Silently, I squeezed the shaft with finger and thumb and pushed back Alex's
foreskin. It did not need much work to get it going although not as hard as
before.

I could now see all of Alex's body which had a firm athletic look to it. He
opened my legs and knelt between my knees. I was ready and waiting and there was
absolutely no resistance as he slid into my wide open hole.

First I raised my knees, then my legs right up in the air to take all of it
inside me. There was nobody in to hear the noise of my pleasure and it was all
over too quickly! Alex was exhausted and rolled off me. Taking the initiative
for the first time I put my mouth down to his cock frantically rubbing the shaft
to squeeze the last drops on to my tongue.

Robert was a little late from work that day complaining that Alex had sent him
to a customer miles away..! He was too tired to service me that night!
My monthly cycle kicked in a couple of days later. Everything was still OK but I
had to try to make sure that Robert got me pregnant first......

(Chapter 2 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 2 - Up to my Neck in it.

I was in deep trouble. Alex had had two sessions with me, both against my better
judgement if nor entirely against my will. I couldn't tell my husband because he
was more likely to believe Alex and also because he probably would also want to
keep his job. Even if caught in the act it would be difficult to prove my side
of the story.

Robert was still, if ineffectively, trying to get me pregnant and I also had
serious doubts about this too. Fortunately, the stress I felt under was acting
as a useful contraceptive!

I sat down to read the newspaper in the morning sunshine (poetic licence - this
is England..) and have a quiet cup of tea. Its what all English people do when
they can't be bothered to do anything else! Robert was out at work and I had
time to plan the day. Almost taking me by surprise the telephone rang and I
answered without any expectation of excitement.

"Kelly?" said the voice
"Its Alex"
I suddenly felt sick.
"Hello" I replied, "How are you?" Not really wanting to know.
"I thought I would come and see you again, tomorrow morning"
"Er, yes" I replied lamely.
"You will be in about 11 then?" said Alex, more of a statement than a question.
"OK"
"See you tomorrow then" and with that he put the phone down.

I went off to finish my tea with my heart pounding and perspiration beginning to
run down my chest. What could I do? Perhaps the answer was, as the old fashioned
saying goes, just lie back and think of England!

Somehow I felt a sexy tension and nervousness and my hands were shaking. I went
slowly to the bathroom, lowered my jeans and knickers and sat down on the
lavatory seat. I opened my slit with both hands and looked down between the
hairs. Why on Earth were women designed to have this little orifice that every
man wanted to get into I thought. My fingers moved to the side of my clitoris
and began moving up and down. Breathing heavily I let out an audible gasp as my
fingers completed their task. I mopped up some of the juices with a tissue and
pulled my knickers and jeans back on.

The day passed quickly and I tried not to look worried when Robert came home. A
half bottle of red wine left over from the weekend helped. We watched TV and
went to bed.

"Are we making babies again tonight, dear?" I asked, as if it was something we
did every night.
"I don't think so. I've a long way to go tomorrow. Alex is sending me to a new
customer half way across the country" Robert replied resignedly.
If Alex was going to have sex with me tomorrow it was essential that we did it
tonight to try to ensure that Robert was the father of any resulting offspring.

Without saying a word I reached out and put a hand on the top of his leg.
Leaving it there for a few seconds I moved it up to his cock. It had some life
in but not much. Squeezing between finger and thumb I slowly eased back his
foreskin and then it began to get really lively.

"Oh, alright then" he said with just a touch more enthusiasm! I rolled onto my
back and spread my legs. I'd given it another little tickle before bedtime so it
slid in without difficulty. I tried not to think about Alex, wondering what he
planned to do to me tomorrow, but could not help it. I dug my nails into
Robert's back as my muscles contracted on his cock and he fired it off inside
me.

Robert withdrew in a state of surprise that he apparently had such an effect on
me.

"Wow" he exclaimed, "that should have done the trick!"
"I hope so" I replied.
"Are you coming to the bathroom with me to clean up? he said.
"I don't think so. I need to leave your cum in to do it's work"

To emphasise my enthusiasm for pregnancy, I took hold of a tissue in one hand
and squeezed his cock with my other to ease out the drips.

"That will do, Robert. Now let's go to sleep, You have a busy day tomorrow."
If he was going to have a busy day I dreaded to think of the sort of day that I
was going to have.

Robert got up, shaved, showered, had a light breakfast and went to work. I just
got up for breakfast unwashed and wearing a cotton towelling dressing gown.

What next? I would take my time getting ready for 11 am.

A light shower for starters, not washing too thoroughly between my legs but
making sure that the hair was clean. Then a proper hairwash. I was proud of my
blonde tresses and grew in confidence as I brushed and blowed them dry.

What clothes to wear. Maybe very unsexy sweater, jeans and trainers. Maybe not,
there was little point in being difficult about the inevitable. Starting from
the bottom, so to speak,(!) I chose matching pale blue knickers and bra with
just a quick glance in the mirror as I bent over and let my breasts fall into
the cups.

For jewellery, just a single string of (real) pearls. It added a touch of class
that really gets men going, so I'm told. Instead of stockings or tights I
decided to leave my legs uncovered and topped it all off with a one piece cotton
dress that buttoned down the front and finished well below my knees.

I sat down to touch up my pink nail polish and added matching lipstick with my
make-up. Shoes, a slingback minimalist sandal, with my regulation 2 inch heels
completed the ensemble.

Alex arrived just after eleven. We had coffee and biscuits and made polite
conversation, neither of us seemingly wanting to rush into the obvious activity
too quickly.

I decided to get it going.
"So what are you going to do to me today, Alex?"
"Its not so much what but how" he replied, "You are looking too good for words!"

So did he just want to screw me and have control over me or, in fact, did he
quite like me as a person too?

"Lets go upstairs and get started" he said and took me by the arm more as a
positive sign than a need for force. It was fairly clear that I was not going to
resist although I was not sure if I was going to like it. I got to the top of
the stairs with heart pounding and he led me into the guest room again.

This time he sat me down on the arm chair and looked at me with a smile.
"Let's see what you have to offer today Kelly". My dress had a belt around the
waist and he unbuttoned it from the waist down. It fell apart showing all of my
legs. "Knickers off, please, Kelly" he said and I raised my backside to lower
them. Alex eased them off down my legs and over my shoes.
Next he took hold of my ankles and raised my legs so that my knees latched over
the ends of the arms of the chair and, with my legs apart, exposed everything.
Alex was enjoying the view. I felt like I was at the doctors in a position that
I could not escape from.

"Use your hands and open yourself up a bit more for me, Kelly"
I nervously did as I was told, trying to put a brave face on it and not to start
to cry like last time.
"Now use your fingers on yourself, Kelly". Alex was really enjoying this and
noticed I was thoroughly aroused. I gave a little moan with a hint of an orgasm
and he walked towards me and with an upturned hand slipped two fingers in and a
thumb on my clitoris. My head went back and I squirmed and squealed, panting for
breath and breasts heaving.

I was also beginning to lose my nerve half crying and half moaning "Alex" "Oh"
"Alex" "Ah, AAh, Aaaah! with tears welling up again.

"Robert fucked you last night, didn't he?" said Alex feeling the contents of my
vagina. "Is he trying to get you pregnant?" He must have casually mentioned it
at the office for Alex to pick this up. "Well he might be, isn't that what
married people do" I replied defiantly. "Then let's have another go now" said
Alex.

I did resist as he led me to my own bedroom. I really did not want to do it
there under these circumstances. Alex pushed me face down half onto the bed and
raised my skirt exposing my bare backside. He held me down with a hand in my
hair and began working his fingers into my vagina. Now I was really squealing
and squirming and holding back more tears. This way round, his thumb pressed on
my anus prompting the comment "Kelly, that will be nice to play with
sometime....."

At last I became still and Alex rolled me onto my back and undid the belt and
buttons of my dress. I sat up and let it slip off my own shoulders and
instinctively unfastened my bra. Alex removed my shoes and I was, apart from the
pearls and my wedding ring, quite naked.

Alex removed his clothes and sat astride my chest. He pulled my head up by my
hair and put his cock in my mouth. "Make it really hard, Kelly!". My lips
gripped the shaft and moved his foreskin up and down till it was rock solid.

Alex moved back, put his arms under my knees and lifted my legs high in the air.
His cock went straight in right to the end of my vagina which made me wince with
a sharp pain as it would go no further.

The cock worked me harder and harder and wetter and wetter my own body
embarrassing me with the squelching noises. It was hand over mouth time again to
quieten my noise,  a mixture of sexual pain and pleasure. We both came together
and my spasms squeezed the life out of his cock.

Disengaged, I turned onto my side allowing Alex easy access to my breasts from
his side. They were hot and perspiring and excitement shot through me as he
squeezed my nipples. He moved alongside me with his cock level with my mouth and
I knew what I had to do.

He didn't need to say, "Lick it clean for me, Kelly". I took the shaft with one
hand and squeezed and pulled down on his testicles with the other. The foreskin
went back again and my tongue got on with the job.
--------------------------------------------------
Eventually I got accustomed to Alex's regular visits and learned to do all that
he asked. Sometimes partly clothed, sometimes naked. He did me from the back,
the front, the sides, and on my knees which I think he liked best of all. My
dangling breasts being a great attraction to him.

Sometimes he made me work him off by hand and then use my mouth but I could
never swallow cum fired straight into my mouth.

After these sessions he would tidy up quickly and go off to work. I was left
looking dishevelled and feeling sore so I usually took a slow bath to recover
sometimes feeling my own breasts and clitoris.

One day just after Alex's car had left the drive I was in my dressing gown when
there was a knock on the door. I answered it to find Robert's brother had called
round to collect a couple of books Robert had promised to lend him. This was to
have unexpected consequences some time later.

Alex was so confident of his control over me that he asked Robert if he could
"borrow" me to take me to a lunchtime fashion show that his company were
sponsoring. "No Problem" said Robert, "Just make sure she doesn't drink too much
and behaves herself....."

More about that in Chapter3.

(Chapter 3 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 3 - THe Fashion Show

Trying not to express surprise that Alex had openly asked to take me to lunch at
a fashion show that the company was partly sponsoring I happily agreed to go. It
would be a nice day out and I was fairly certain that there would be more to it
than lunch.

There was still no indication of pregnancy and Robert continued to go through
the twice weekly motions. Hard as it was to admit it to myself Alex did satisfy
me more and I wondered if Nature would, in due course, acknowledge this. Out of
my respect for Alex, or maybe just a result of his control over me I took to
presenting myself thoroughly clean and to Hell with it if his sperm got there
first.

I saw Robert off to work who wished me a pleasant day. He was quite engrossed in
his work as although Alex was organising him to keep him out of the way, he was
actually earning more commission and feeling quite happy about it.

With time to spare I showered, washed and dried my hair and dressed smartly for
the occasion. Stockings and suspenders seemed appropriate with knee length skirt
and a jacket over a silk shirt. A single row of pearls completed the impression
of a classy English lady straight from the pages of Vogue magazine.

Alex had, rather too conveniently booked a room at a nearby hotel. To be seen
going upstairs in the same hotel as the show would have been asking for trouble.
The preamble was to begin round about 12 noon and we had half an hour spare.

"Just time to get your knickers off, Kelly!" said Alex.
"But, Alex we really have not got much time and besides, not only will I get my
makeup all messed up I'll end up all smelly without time to get properly clean".

"I'll do it as carefully as possible" said Alex and you can put in a panty liner
and some deoderant"

"Alex, tell me the truth, are you really trying to get me pregnant?"

"What a question, Kelly. Its just my male instincts on the one hand but I know
that Robert is trying and I fairly certain that we (Alex and his wife) can't
have any. I'd just like to think that somehow I'd made a contribution to the
continuation of the human race"

Well at least he'd been honest. I gave him a big hug and a kiss. "OK Alex, we've
got twenty minutes to spare!"

Off came my jacket, shoes, skirt, slip and knickers. I caught sight in the
mirror of my pubic hairs framed between the suspenders and belt and felt
embarrassed.

Alex quickly removed his jacket, trousers and underpants and let his cock run
free. I put my hand round it and pushed the foreskin right back. It felt warm
and solid.

I lay flat on my back and spread my legs with my toes turned slightly inwards. I
had got used to, and in fact enjoyed an entry without foreplay, making short
sharp gasps as I was penetrated. A few slow thrusts followed by quicker ones
brought me off before Alex and a few more strokes filled me.

"Pass me my handbag, Alex, quickly"
I looked inside. Damn it there were no panty liners.
Alex showed rare insight and went to the bathroom returning with some cotton
wool balls that I shoved firmly into my vagina.

"Never mind you smelling Kelly, what about me?" I opened my mouth and put a
large ring of red lipstick round the shaft of his cock. "There's something else
for you to clean up later, then!"

The show and the lunch passed in a relaxed mood the pleasure increased by a
couple of glasses of red wine but diminished by a couple of boring business
speeches. The models looked terrific but I felt happy that my own contours were
rather more womanly than skinny.

We got back to our own hotel as quickly as possible to carry on where we had
left off before lunch. It had all been so easy earlier on but somehow I felt a
little apprehensive as in the room Alex shut the door and made sure it was
locked.

"Now we have plenty of time, I want you to take ALL your clothes off before we
start and I will do the same"

Nothing wrong with that I thought and began to strip. Alex took my clothes as
each item was removed and folded them neatly and put them on the bed. "What are
going to do to me Alex?" I said as he stood in front of me and felt my breasts.
"Kelly, I'm going to put some cushions and pillows over that low coffee table
and have you from behind"

He spread out the cushions and took of his own clothes. At least we were equal
now! I lay on my front and Alex reached down and removed the cotton wool from my
slit and put it in a waste basket.

I was totally unprepared for what happened next. He opened my buttocks with one
hand and I flinched as the cold cream ran over my anus. I tried to push myself
up. "Alex, for Gods sake what are you doing - you CAN'T do this to me..!"

Alex took hold of my hair at the back of my head and pushed me face down into a
pillow. With his other hand he slapped my backside hard enough to make me
squeal. There was a short pause and then he slapped the other side even harder.
"Aaah, Alex please don't" I cried in vain.

"Relax, Kelly, the more you struggle the more it WILL hurt," was his only reply.
Its not easy to relax in this position with the imminent prospect of first, some
fingers and then a cock going up the tightest of holes!

Alex worked the cream in and began stretching me. Easy at first but then came
the first twinges of pain. I held o to the legs of the table with my hands and
tried to stop my own legs stiffening. Alex positioned himself above me and began
to push. "Please. Alex, Please..." I was whimpering, "Please don't hurt me...
Aah, Ooh, Aah"

It did hurt and I was sobbing uncontrollably as the reluctant orifice finally
accepted Alex's cock. Once in it stopped hurting quite so much and the
sensation, a sort of numb pressure in my rear and nauseous feeling in my stomach
was hard to describe. I winced as Alex began to make further progress and I
wondered just how much was really inside me.

Then he began the fucking motion, a slow fucking motion as it was in so tightly.
The sensation to my horror became pleasurable. No surely not. This can't be
right!
Alex lifted my tear stained face off the pillow as I orgasmed and cried out loud
enough for anyone in the next room to hear.

"Alex, YOU BASTARD........!!!!!!!!!..........AAaargh!!"

But my ordeal still wasn't over. Hard, forceful strokes brought the pain back
again, suddenly stopping as Alex released his fluid.

He disengaged, and I lay there lifeless and exhausted.
"Why did you do that to me Alex?" I asked. "Because, nobody else ever has" he
replied. Secretly I thought that one day I might actually let him do it again
but repeated, less loudly, "You Bastard, Alex"!

He helped me to my feet and to the bathroom. He sat on the bidet while I washed
his cock clean enough to eat then took my turn to wash my battered orifice. I
just hoped there were no bruises that Robert would notice.
We sat in a foaming hot bath together and washed the rest of out bodies clean.
before Alex took me home.

Once home he did not stay but went off letting me know he would call again soon.

I kept my nice clothes on until Robert came back from work. "Wow, Kelly, you
look terrific, did you have a god day?" "Not too bad, Dear, the show was great
but the speeches were a bit boring" "..and by the way I'm wearing
stockings and suspenders...."

Fortunately he did not take that as an immediate offer.
"You, look great, honey, but even dressed like that I don't think you will come
to any harm in this town....!!




More excitement in Chapter 4.

Robert is upset by lack of pregnancy and his younger
brother gets in on the act too..
and yes, it all really did happen to me!

(Chapter 4 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 4 - Keeping it in the family

Alex had some news for me and some good news for Robert. Robert's efforts at 
work had earned both of them promotion. Alex was to take over the biggest sales 
territory in the country and Robert was to have Alex's job.

This virtually meant the end of sex with Alex (although there was still a little 
more to come in the future..) and because he was even busier at work Robert 
would have to make the time to fit his wife into his busy schedule when he got 
home!

Robert's younger brother lived on the other side of town and was to become a  
useful temporary replacement for both of them. He was not very well off and had 
no car so I volunteered to drive him to collect a piece of hi-fi equipment that 
he had bought second hand. No problems with that I thought.

I drove round to pick him up at 10.30 in the morning after the traffic had died 
down a little; 20 miles there and twenty miles back took a little over an hour 
of driving time and with the time to test the equipment and hand over the cash 
we got back to Andrew's place just after noon.

He offered me money for the petrol, which I refused, so then insisted that I 
come in for a cup of tea and a sandwich. The small flat (USA translation = 
apartment)was nicely furnished, paid for by parents one assumed, and clean and 
tidy. It was on the first floor and consisted of a single bedroom with bathroom, 
living room, and a kitchen that had space to eat in. I took my coat off and sat 
down. Living on his own, Andrew was quite handy in the kitchen and quickly ran 
up a couple of ham and salad sandwiches. He was in many respects similar to his 
brother although generally less ambitious about work, in fact he did as little 
as possible which is why we had the time to drive around today.

We had just about finished eating, when Andrew suddenly said "Do you remember 
when I came round to return that book to Robert a few weeks ago?"
"Yes" I replied, "I was just changing to go out when you arrived".

"Are, you sure?" said Andrew, "Just as I was walking along the road I saw 
Robert's boss driving away from your house." I suddenly felt hot and tried not 
to blush and give myself away. "It just seemed strange that he was leaving and 
you were not fully dressed...."

"Well, that's just the way it happened" I replied defensively. "Are you sure, 
Kelly?" he continued. "I feel pretty certain he had sex with you. Most people 
would given the opportunity.."

"What on earth do you mean by that?" I said getting a little cross "I don't go 
around having sex with every man I meet on my own!".

"Kelly", Andrew was about to deliver the knockout punch. "What if I told Robert 
that Alex had been round?" "No! Please don't do that Andrew". Game over. Or in 
fact new game about to begin.

"Then I would like to have a go too" said Andrew rather matter of factly and not 
with any strong implication of threat. 

I could see the movement in his jeans giving me a clue to his desire! "No, 
absolutely not!" I replied without any sense of conviction. "Are you sure, 
Kelly?" he replied "I could always phone Robert to see if he knew Alex was 
calling at the house". 

I really did not want to Andrew to screw me too although he was quite attractive 
as young men go... "Look, Kelly it won't take long" he said looking at his own 
bulge and you will probably enjoy it!" "No" I said again. "OK, but I think it's 
going to go off anyway!" said Andrew, beginning to open the front of his 
jeans..."

"Right, we had better go to your bedroom, quickly....!!" was my answer, actually 
encouraging him out of the kitchen. He lowered his jeans and underpants and sat 
on the bed. Instinctively I compared him too his brother. A shorter but thicker 
shaft, larger balls, all surrounded by a mass of thick dark pubic hair. I liked 
what I saw! I pulled some bathroom tissue out of the box on the bedside table 
(he probably used them for masturbating with!) and, sitting on the side of the 
bed too I put one hand round his cock with the other hand holding the tissue in 
place to collect the resulting outflow.

I slid my hand to the base of his shaft, holding the loose skin tight, and gave 
it a squeeze. A few strokes up and down did the job and I felt him stiffen as 
the fluid flowed into my other hand. "Relax, Andrew, I haven't finished with you 
yet". An exhausted, in the literal sense of the word, Andrew now lay on his back 
on the bed and offered no resistance to me playing with him. 

As readers of the other chapters know , I am almost obsessed with virile 
penises, amazed at how such a floppy piece of flesh can grow and stiffen to 
cause women such pleasure - and occasionally pain. Andrew's cock was now back to 
its original condition, about three inches long with nearly an inch of loose 
foreskin overhanging the obvious outline of the tip of his penis.
I used both hands (with nicely manicured and pink painted fingernails) to ease 
the skin fully back and use another tissue to clean away the residual cum both 
on the surface of his cock and finally squeezed out of the shaft. Then I rubbed 
the loose skin slowly up and down a few times for good measure.

I knew I should not have done it, it gave consent to my actions, but I just 
could not resist using my tongue and lips to suck the still throbbing head 
before I let go with my hands. A further squeeze and light tug on Andrew's 
testicles proved that he was making a full recovery.

For once it was not me who had to put their clothes back on again! I had 
regained the initiative to the extent that Andrew asked, extremely politely, if 
there was any chance we could do that again sometime soon.
"Maybe" I replied, thinking that maybe we could take it a little further too.

Back home things were definitely not going well. The lack of pregnancy now meant 
a visit to the doctor to check me out for any infection or virus that may be 
killing the sperm before they did their job. Whatever you may read in sexy 
stories, women just do not like doctors. Well I don't and most of my friends 
don't either. Male doctors get turned on - "just checking the thickness of the 
wall between your vagina and lower bowel, Mrs Jackson", as two fingers are eased 
into the rectum - and women doctors tend to imply homosexuality with a hint of 
sadism! Added to that the shear indignity of having ones legs parted and 
restrained defies description. 

It had to be done however and Doctor Sally Lomax was the one to do it. "Take all 
your clothes off Kelly and put this gown on please" she said handing me the gown 
and ushering me behind the screen. I came out tense and nervous. "On the table 
please now Kelly" said Dr Sally L getting professional. The usual questions 
about taking any medication, were my periods regular, did I feel unwell in any 
way, any pains etc etc? I answered "yes" and "no" to all the right questions as 
my legs were parted, raised, and lightly strapped into the stirrups. 

Dr Lomax turned to her assistant "Nurse, can you pop the speculum into Mrs 
Jackson for me please" she said briskly. I winced as the cold rubber gloves 
began to open up my slit and apply the even colder lubrication. The fingers 
worked their way inside and round and about and the metal device began its 
entry. "Thank you, Nurse" said Dr Lomax, "I'll take over now" and began the 
process of dilating my vagina sufficiently for her inspection. I bit my lip and 
tried not to make any noises but could not conceal an "AaaH" as it reached the 
point of dilation deemed necessary. Dr Lomax was quick and efficient making the 
inspection and taking the swabs. "We will have the results back from the lab in 
a day or two, Mrs Jackson and let you know the results as soon as possible" 
continuing, "Nurse, could you tidy up Mrs Jackson for me and see here out 
please.."

The nurse fully released the speculem and withdrew it carefully. "There, that 
wasn't too bad was it" she said. Yes it was I thought! The nurse took some 
tissues and wiped off the surplus lubrication and released my legs. I got off 
the table and was glad to put my clothes on and go home. Walking across the car 
park another (male) patient looked at me suspiciously and I wondered if he was 
thinking about what might have happened to me. I still felt naked getting into 
the car and driving home quickly.

As expected, the results declared no obvious reason why I should not have any 
children and Robert and I discussed this briefly together. He decided that I 
needed more sexual stimulation! If only he knew just how much I had been 
getting. Sexual stimulation in Robert's language meant from the male point of 
view with the female aspect being a variation of humiliation.

On  Friday nights we often had a relaxing meal together and a good drink. 
Relaxed we may even follow it with sex. Robert had bought a bottle of champagne 
specifically for me to drink "as it made me most relaxed". At
the end of the bottle I was relaxed to the point of total compliance and we 
stayed downstairs in front of the living room fire. I knew something unusual was 
going to happen but could do little about it. 

I removed my shoes, skirt, tights and knickers and lay on the hearth rug with my 
legs firmly together. Robert disappeared into the kitchen and came back with 
some strange objects in his hands. I was about to be masturbated with a suitably 
shaped selection of vegetables! Robert picked up my ankles and spread my legs 
wide. A suitably shaped carrot parted my lips and made its entrance. It felt 
rough and hard. Slowly it was moved in and out caressing my clitoris as my 
breathing increased. I stopped short of an orgasm as it was removed. No words 
were spoken.

Next came a courgette (very small marrow) which stretched me a bit more and, 
because of its shape, the more I squeezed, the more it went in. Robert pushed it 
in fully right to the end of my vagina which made me squirm with a little pain 
offsetting the pleasure. He fingered my clitoris till it was big enough to 
squeeze easily between finger and thumb. Leaving the object inserted he went 
round behind me and lifted me to a sitting position to remove my blouse and bra. 
Breasts released into the cooler air, my nipples shot out for stretching and 
squeezing. Robert had removed most of his clothing too and moved round to put 
his cock in my mouth. There was no doubt that he was getting stimulated.

Removing himself he laid me on my back and rolled me over onto my front before 
taking the courgette out. I could not see what was happening next but something 
even larger was working its way in now. Wriggling and squealing a cucumber was 
being forced in. To help it and lessen the pain I raised myself to my knees with 
my elbows and head still on the floor. Once in to Robert's satisfaction he began 
working on my nipples and clitoris till I let out the scream of a mighty orgasm. 
I collapsed on the floor as the huge object was removed and I lay there gasping. 

Robert picked me up and lay me face down over the arm of the sofa and entered me 
with his penis as hard as I had ever known it. I gripped it firmly and it went 
off in seconds. I felt some cotton wool being pushed in to keep the cum in and 
we managed to make our way up to bed.

The "stimulation" increased including having my hands tied behind my back and 
sometimes blindfolded. Worse, he took some photographs. Years later his current 
wife phoned me to say that she had found them and destroyed them. She sounded 
quite matter of fact about it and I said "Yes I was pleased" and "Thank you" 
with a certain amount of relief. It made me wonder what he had been doing to 
her!

I made up my mind that I would go round and see Andrew........




(Chapter 5 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 5 - Oh Brother!


Waking up with a hangover and feeling very sore between my legs I made up my
mind that I would go round and see Andrew early next week. I spent the weekend
convincing myself in my own mind that Robert was not treating me particularly
well and Alex was unavailable. As soon as Robert was out to work on Monday I
gave Andrew a call. I suppose I could have just gone round to his flat but good
manners suggested I speak to him first.

"Andrew, are you in later this morning if I call round to see you?" Andrew
worked at weekends and I knew he had Mondays off. There was a slight hesitation,
only very slight mind you, before he replied "Of course Kelly, it will be great
to see you!" "I will be round at about 11.30 then. See you!" I replied, and put
the phone down quickly in the unlikely event that he might change his mind.

Women are always concerned with their appearance and 999 times out of a thousand
a woman's appearance is a thoroughly calculated affair. I knew he fancied me so
rather than make my own intentions too obvious, a "plain Jane" look was my
decision. Actually if a woman has nice legs and firm breasts it is very
difficult to look plain. I would have to do my best!

I had washed my hair yesterday and did not feel that it needed another dose of
detergent and conditioner. Just a good brushing out and let it hang naturally
down to my shoulders. Sitting in front of the mirror, naked, I gave it a good
brushing and thought about makeup. Very little was the answer to that with the
lightest of pink lipstick to match my nails. I was extremely proud of my nails.
They always got to a decent length then broke and I would then have to start
again. I put the brush down and looked at the nails on my left hand which were
in perfect condition. I ran my hand over my right breast and let it rest on my
thigh. "Not now!" I told myself. "Its likely that you will be getting the real
thing later, Kelly!"

Dressing was speedy affair. My favourite chain store pale blue bra and knickers.
Women's underwear is so damn expensive anyway I feel so much more at ease than I
would wearing very expensive Lejaby or La Perla. I suppose we should leave it to
our men buy us those brands! It wasn't the warmest of weather so a silk vest and
polycotton underskirt went on top in turn covered by a turtle neck pullover and
a skirt that was long and loose fitting. Stockings with suspenders would have
been a little over the top so I opted for hold-ups rather than tights. A
matching single strand necklace and bracelet completed the ensemble. A low
heeled court shoe gave the impression I was going shopping - an impression I
might just have got away with if it had not been for a quick splash of my
favourite Givenchy perfume. I could also be tempted by Chanel as I love the
answer that the late Marilyn Monroe once gave to the question "What do you wear
in bed?" Marilyn's unforgettable quick answer was "Chanel number five, and a
smile...!!"

Andrew answered the ring of his doorbell and let me in. His idea of haute
couture was Nike trainers and so it was today! He took my coat and ushered me
in. The coffee smelled good and pleasantly washed down a couple of indulgent
chocolate biscuits. We chatted about nothing in particular to begin with but I
could sense that sex was not far away from either of our minds. "I'm not in any
hurry Andrew" I said, deciding to get things moving, "Shall we start where we
left off, last time?".

"Kelly, I couldn't believe it after you had gone" he said, "You had had my cock
in your hands and mouth, I had cum all over the place, and you were gone without
me so much as putting my hand inside your blouse!" "So I'm glad you have plenty
of time today..." he trailed off as he ushered me ahead of him to his bedroom.

We sat on his bed and I made a move for the zip of his jeans. His hand took hold
of my wrist "No, not yet, you can be first today!". Andrew stood up and lifted
my ankles, swinging  me fully onto the bed and at the same time laying me down.
Then he sat down again beside me. I didn't want to be too easy so I kept my legs
firmly together. He ran his hand under my skirts and found the bare flesh at the
top of my legs.

His fingers worked inside my knickers and into my slit. I raised my backside a
little off the bed "Take them down, Andrew. It will be easier for both of us".
At the same time I unzipped the waist band of my skirt.
Andrew slid my skirt off quickly and my knickers followed. My slip was pushed up
round my waist and my legs relaxed and parted.

I felt relaxed generally as Andrew's fingers did their work. His fingers entered
my vaginal passage and a thumb aroused my clit. My legs stiffened and widened as
I had a series of mini orgasms and I could see that Andrew was enjoying himself.
Off came his jeans and underpants and out came his cock. Even fully erect his
foreskin needed to be pulled back to reveal all of a large knob which was
heading for its target. I closed my eyes and raised my hips to meet it. Although
I was ready it was thicker than I thought and I felt myself being stretched as
Andrew pressed home his advantage. Breathing quickly and noisily I writhed in
pleasure as Andrew worked me into a frenzy, first with long slow strokes until I
came with a scream. "ah..aah..aaahhh AAAhhh AAAAAA..Andrew!...AAAHHHH" and I
fell back limp.

Andrew had not finished with me and began faster strokes to reach his climax.
The feel and the pressure of his own hot flesh on my stomach heightened the
sensations. I screamed again and lay there with my muscles rhythmically
squeezing the cum out of him. Andrew withdrew, put his hands under my armpits
and raised me to a sitting position. To my surprise he started to remove the
rest of my clothing! "You, said you had plenty of time, Kelly. I really don't
want to let you go just yet...!" and my vest and bra followed my pullover. The
removal of my slip and stockings left me totally naked apart from my necklace
and bracelet. I felt embarrassed with my nipples sticking out like the
proverbial chapel hatpegs and a mixture of cum and my own fluids sticking my
thighs together. I reached out for Andrew's limp cock and squeezed it hard
enough to make him wince! "If you are going to do me again Andrew. I need a pee
first." I said. "That makes two of us! Ladies first" and Andrew helped me off
the bed and aimed me in the direction of the bathroom.

I gave myself a quick wipe and went back to sit on the bed while Andrew went for
his pee. He had removed all the rest of his clothes but looked far from ready
for further action. "I'll need to work on that, Andrew, by the look of things" I
said. "Be my guest" he replied and moved onto the bed beside me. "Hand or mouth,
Kelly?" "Mouth, Andrew, but you will have to do the same for me too!" "OK but
let me see what you have got up top first".

Andrew ran his hand over my breast making my nipples even more prominent. He
liked the soft flesh. I liked the probing and squeezing and then the pulling and
stretching of my nipples making me cry out with a mixture of pleasure bordering
on pain. I moved my head down to his cock which was beginning to show signs of
life. I pulled back all of the loose skin, amazed at how much of it there was
and licked it clean before letting it go again. Andrew licked my clit and we
were both ready to go.

This time, Andrew rolled me over onto my front and spread my legs with ease.
Fingers and thumbs bared both my holes ( I hoped he knew which one he was aiming
for) and once again I was impaled. His hands forced their way under my chest,
squeezing and pulling my nipples as his cock did the good work. At one point I
was making so much noise he grabbed my hair and pushed my face into the pillow,
the muffled sounds confirming I was still breathing! This way round, each thrust
made me feel his balls pressing even more forcefully    
against the lips of my open orifice. My hands reached out to try to find
something to hold onto as my leg muscles stiffened and I received another dose
of the masculine solution deep inside me. Maybe if Andrew got me pregnant,
nobody would notice the difference I thought quietly to myself...

Andrew and I had sex frequently over the next few weeks. Not only was Andrew
available on a couple of days during the week but an evening opportunity
presented itself. I played badminton with a group of girls two nights a week
partly to keep fit, partly for the company, and partly for the therapeutic
effect of exercise. Instead of getting showered and changed with the girls I
would sneak off early to Andrews place, all hot and sweaty, have sex and shower
there before going home.

My white socks and shorts were quite a turn on for Andrew! His preferred
position was doggy style with my shorts and knickers round my ankles and my top
completely naked allowing my breasts to hang free - where they received
considerable attention! Alternatively he would strip me naked and lie me on my
back in a star shape with my arms held down with his hands around my wrists. How
I came to love that cock and the pain and pleasure it gave me. Andrew wanted to
do me anally too but I said no and meant it as it just wasn't the size to go
into such a small tight hole! Some times if I was having a period I would have
great fun making him go off with my hands and mouth eventually getting the
confidence to swallow...!

I did sometimes shower at the sports centre - a strange experience being naked
with other women. One evening, after showering Jill commented "Kelly, I don't
believe it, my tits are tiny compared with yours" Full of confidence I replied
"Lets compare!" and encouraged by Helen and Jackie we pressed our breasts
together. Jill put her hands under mine and bounced them up and down. "Well,
maybe not twice the size but I'd love to know how you were lucky enough to get a
pair like that" "Just the luck of the draw" I replied but as Jill withdrew, she
cupped her hands under me and gave my nipples just the hint of a squeeze as her
hands passed under them. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Helen looking on with
a smile.



(Chapter 6 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 6 - Kelly Turns Professional!

I was potentially getting too attached to Andrew and decided that something had
to be done to get sex on the one hand but with a little more distance to it.
Distance in both the emotional and physical senses.

For some time I debated making contact with an escort agency in a town a
reasonable distance away. I am reluctant to describe who and where too
accurately as (even using my former married name) there is a danger that I could
ultimately be identified. Particularly so as I am a pillar of the local society
to the extent of running a Girl Guide unit every Thursday night. You should see
the looks I get if I have to call in to the local supermarket, wearing my
uniform, on the way home for supper!

The decision having been made, I picked up the phone and made an appointment to
see Mrs Redfearn at Ladies of Leisure. It was the most nerve-wracking meeting I
have ever had and to this day it makes me go hot (or do I mean cold) just
thinking about it.

 The offices were comfortable without being luxurious and bore the name of the
registered company, Double L limited, with no hint as to what business they were
really in. The receptionist was a little older than I expected but polite and
friendly offering me a cup of coffee as I had arrived a little early for my
appointment.

"Mrs Redfearn will see you now, Mrs Jackson" she said, and my heart nearly
stopped beating!

I stood up and was ushered into Mrs R's office where she stood up to greet me.
Mrs Redfearn was a brassy looking woman in her late forties. Hair dyed a little
too brightly with both face and chest looking as if they had been lifted at
least once. I should not be too critical, she made a lot of money out of the
business while apparently still kept her knickers on!

We went through the usual pleasantries with comments about the traffic and the
weather while I could tell that I was being sized up.

"Kelly" she said, "You don't mind if I call you that do you?"
"Of course not" I mumbled.
"Kelly, you are an attractive young woman, why are you here, what can we do for
you?"
I explained my circumstances without too much detail saying that I wanted male
company during the week when Robert was away.
"But Kelly", said Mrs R, "You are not looking at it from the right perspective"
she paused, "to be successful you have to understand that the men want your
company more than you should want or need theirs!"
"I'm prepared to give it a try Mrs Redfearn"

"And another thing Kelly, what if they want to have sex with you?"
"I'm not sure" now feeling decidedly nervous "I suppose I have a choice?"
"You certainly do! And you charge them extra for it. We only charge them for the
arrangement and pay you a nominal fee to make things legal"

I was beginning to understand things a little more clearly now. I earned my
money with sexual favours!

Mrs R offered me time to think about it but if I had done I would have lost my
nerve completely. If I knew what was to happen next I would have lost my nerve
anyway!

"OK then Kelly, to complete the formalities I need to ask Paulo to take a couple
of photographs of you so that potential customers can see who they are meeting.
We will send you a photo of them too when a date is arranged"

That seemed fairly painless. The receptionist took me to see Paulo and
introduced me to him. His studio was minimalist with a chair for me to sit on, a
couple of reflectors, and a camera on a tripod. The receptionist left and closed
the door leaving me alone with this reasonable good looking young man.

I sat down and smiled looking this way and that and Paulo took a few shots.
"Can you slip your top off now please Mrs Jackson"

I froze hardly realising what he had said. "Its OK, people just want to know
that the goods are as expected" he carried on.

Still I did not move. He came over to me and undid the buttons on the front of
my jacket. I leaned forward just enough for him to take it off and hang it up on
the back of the door. He came back over to me "Do you really have to do this?" I
asked not even bothering to glance at the front of his trousers.

"Everyone does it, Kelly. Some even completely nude" he said matter of factly.
"Its all part of my job". Some job I thought. Without any further ado he undid
the front of my blouse and pulled it down off my shoulders. My bra straps were
also eased down and with finger and thumb he pulled down the cups of my bra
baring most of my breasts. A well practised movement with finger and thumb,
assisted by the comparatively cool air, encouraged my nipples to their full
extension. I could have died with embarrassment.

A few more flashes and it was all over. At least I did not have to remove any
more clothing - for the time being anyway.

The procedure was that I should phone in every few days to see if I had
attracted any interest. This was to avoid them phoning me at a time when
somebody else might answer. As I left the receptionist thanked me for coming to
see them and hoped that all would go well for me.

I was more than relieved to get home and decided that after the travelling,
nearly an hour in each direction, plus the nervous stress I needed something to
relieve the tension followed by a shower. I slipped my knickers off and lay on
the bed reflecting on life in general. I could do with Alex reappearing. At
least with him I could do what he wanted with no conscience as it was, of
course, being forced upon me. Friday and Sunday, Robert was doing his best to
prove his fertility with continuing lack of success.. I really did want a sex
life that made me scream with pleasure and encouraged my system to conceive.
Before the end of the year I was soon to be impregnated but was totally unaware
of the future.

My hand spread my slit and found my clit. It was fun and relaxing as I thought
of sex with a complete stranger!

Two days later I plucked up the courage to phone the agency. They had had an
enquiry from a man in his late thirties and would like to make a lunchtime
appointment for me. As soon as possible was my answer so that I did not have
time to lose my nerve.

Thursday came round quickly and I made my way to a busy town centre hotel about
40 minutes drive away. He had a copy of my photo and would know, I had been
told, who to expect in the reception area. I dressed conservatively, as if on
business - which I was! - with the luxury of quite high heels which I changed
into as I left the car.

He was very observant. "Mrs Jackson?" I heard
"Er, yes" I replied, looking at a quite acceptable stranger.
"I'm Michael Robbins, the agency arranged for us to meet" which was in fact
rather obvious.
"Hello", I replied, equally obviously, "I'm Kelly".
"Nice to meet you. Let's order a bar snack for lunch and we can have a long
talk" "Not too long" I was thinking.....

We ordered toasted sandwiches with a light salad and some white wine. Two
glasses maximum today Kelly!. Mike worked for a firm of management consultants
and apparently was fairly flexible over his working hours. He had a wife and one
child at home but she was not very adventurous in the bedroom so he was looking
for a fling with no comebacks. He soon got down to real business.

"Why choose me?" I asked.
"Because I really like the thought that I am spending the afternoon with
somebody else's wife while her husband is at work and has no idea what is going
on." "And also I like attractive blondes...."

He continued, "Perhaps I can ask Kelly, do you do any unusual things in the
bedroom?"

"Like what"
"Well, you know, with your mouth perhaps and maybe......"
"I'm a bit of a beginner" I lied, "but I'm sure I can learn". Little did I know
how much I still had to learn.
"OK, so what will it cost me?"
"Seventy five pounds"
"For how long?"
"A whole hour"
"Great" I was taken by surprise, "I'll take two if you have the time!"

We gathered up our bits and pieces and took the lift to the fourth floor.
A pleasant room with plenty of space, TV, large bed, sofa, easy chairs and a
bathroom. I had forgotten to go to the ladies room and my nerves were getting
the better of me. "Is it Ok if I use your...." "Sure, take your time"
Mike seemed quite relaxed about the whole thing and I wondered how many
housewives had received his attention in hotels around the country. I came out,
took my jacket off and laid it over the back of a chair. Mike came over to me,
looked me in the eye an undid two buttons of my blouse.

"Kelly, you look great. I hope you will like what I wan't you to do for me"
"Come over here" he said taking me by the arm and leading me towards the bed. He
sat on the edge of the bed and expertly bent me over his knee. I gasped a little
in surprise and lay there helplessly.

"Now let's take a closer look at what there is to play with" he said rather like
a small boy opening up a birthday present. I did little except remain
motionless. Up went the back of my skirt and Mike ran his hands over my
backside. Another deft hand movement and my knickers were on their way down to
my ankles still with my hold-ups and shoes on. I felt his fingers move into my
crease and begin to work their way down. It tickled a bit as his fingers ran
over the hairs sticking out at the back and I flinched as they moved into my
slit.

He gave a quiet mumble of approval and pulled my blouse out of my skirt
waistband. Lifting it right up to my shoulders my bra was undone and my breasts
hung loose. I felt very vulnerable as his hand returned to my lower regions and
parted my slit properly. The opening was dry and tight but once the fingers were
in I let out a little cry of pleasure as I let Mike start working me.

"Time to get on the bed" he said as he lifted me up, turned me round and lay me
on the bed on my side, still with my clothes dishevelled. To my total surprise,
he cleverly took both my arms behind my back and secured my wrists together.

"Mike, Mike! what are you doing" trying not to show too much sign of alarm. I
was now helpless.

"Mike, why are you doing this?!"

"Kelly, there are things I am going to do to you that you might not like,
initially anyway. So I just want you to lie there and let me play with you". He
put one hand inside my blouse and squeezed a nipple. The other went between my
legs and found my clit. Kelly was now in squeal and moan mode but I was writhing
all the more trying hopelessly to free my hands.

Despite the fact that I was still half clothed Mike calmly took all of his off
while I watched and waited. His cock was solid right from the start.
I thought of asking him to put on a condom but was in no position to make
demands. He walked round to the back of me. Oh God! surely not anal right from
the start! I felt him lift my skirt to bare my buttocks. His hands parted my
cheeks. Thank goodness! His cock went firmly and purposefully into my vagina.
One hand was on my hip and the other on my breast pulling at my nipple as he
rocked me backwards and forwards. He moved both his hands to my arms just above
the elbows and pulled them together. I felt my breasts sticking out as if they
were about to explode and let out a might cry of pleasure with my first paid for
orgasm!

Mike extracted himself and moved round to the front of me. "Time to fill you up
Kelly," he said, "I hope your husband won't mind!" As if either of us had a
choice. Mike lay in front of me, raised a leg and entered me again. This time
two hands and two nipples were squeezed and stretched. His cock worked me harder
and I moaned softly as it was his turn to orgasm and pump his cum into my most
private place.

He lay there for a while as it subsided of its own accord. He took it out and I
felt sweaty and sticky between my legs. It was not hard to anticipate what was
to happen next he put his hand under my chin and used his fingers to help my
mouth open wide. It was still fat and sticky as I used my tongue around his knob
and inside the now loose foreskin. I swallowed and started again as he used his
hand to squeeze any more cum out of the shaft.

Mike released my hands but only for one purpose. "You can take all your clothes
off now Kelly!". I sat up and stretched my arms then wiped my mouth. Mike sat
down in a chair with his penis down to its normal, though quite large, size. I
removed my unfastened blouse and bra, then my skirt, stockings and shoe. The
other had become unattached to my person along with my knickers.

What on Earth would he do next, I thought as intercourse in any orifice was out
of the question for the time being. As I sat on the bed naked, Mike handed me a
vibrator and told me to bring myself off with it. Not only was it large and not
too comfortable it was a black one! My embarrassment continued (think of the
money, Kelly!). Mike helped it in forcibly and my eyes began to water. With eyes
closed and legs apart I began my next task using one hand on the vibrator and
the other on my clit. It seemed like ages before I went off but Mike seemed to
enjoy it as his penis began to show worrying (for me!)signs of life.

"Roll on you front please Kelly"
I did as I was told.
"Hands please"
I put my hands behind my back and felt them secured again.
"Legs apart please, Kelly"
Reluctantly I spread my legs and a short cord attached to each ankle and the
corner of the bed prevented me from closing them.

Mike parted the cheeks and ran his hand down the crevice. I twitched as his
finger seemed to pause on my anus. "Kelly, have you ever...." I did nor let him
finish his question. "NO, please, would you want that to happen to your wife?".
"Maybe, maybe not" he replied and parted the lips at the entrance to my vagina.

"Kelly," there was a pause, "I think a decent wife like yourself should be
ashamed of what you are doing. So to balance the pleasure you seem to get from
sex I think a little pain would be in order.

The pain was produced by a short leather strap that struck my buttocks with 
reasonable, though not excessive force. The first stroke took me by surprise
after six my face was buried in a pillow stifling my cries and mopping up the
real tears. Two strokes each side on my inner thighs to finish me off left me
shaking and sobbing.

Mike turned my head to look at him.
"Why did you do that?" I asked weakly.
There was no answer as he ran a hand over my reddened skin.

It is a very primitive feeling for a woman being abused. The beating that causes
pain is a way of the man saying that he can do what ever he likes to you. The
woman's defence is to "enjoy" it as a prelude to the real pleasure of more sex
to come. Mike unfastened me and rolled me over on to my back, lifted my legs and
entered me in one go. My backside was glowing in contact with the sheets on the
bed and now my vagina was being raped to its full depth. I screamed with
pleasure, his cock responded, I squeezed hard and received my second filling.
This time, Mike wiped it himself and handed me my knickers.

"I can't. I'm soaking" I said with my knickers in my hand.
"OK, but I wan't you to take my cum home with you so put some cotton wool up
first." Being a Girl Guide (!) I always keep cotton wool in my handbag for an
emergency.........



(Chapter 7 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 7 - Why am I doing this?

I have thought long and hard about this chapter. On the one hand, even some
considerable time after the event, I feel embarrassed by the humiliation and
pain I allowed myself to suffer in exchange for the doubtful pleasure. Oh, and
the money!

On the other hand I feel it is important to let other people, who may have
comparatively uninteresting sex lives, know that there are plenty of seemingly
respectable people who do quite unrespectable things in private.

So how do I strike a balance to maintain credibility without excessive
salaciousness? I will give it a try.

The agency phoned to ask how had I got on with Mike as he was new to them too. I
told them that he was a bit rough but I would have another go and report back,
but in the meantime they would not let him have any more contacts with other
women. I met Mike on several more occasions before I decided to make a real
effort to get my sex life into a more orderly way.

The meetings with Mike now began in mid morning. We met in the hotel coffee shop
for a Cappuccino and a modest piece of chocolate cake. My system was going to
need a fair amount of sugar in my blood stream to keep me going.
Then we went up to his room for proceedings to begin.

I went up ahead of him to change my clothes. The just popped out to the
supermarket sexy housewife look was much more me, but Mike preferred the
seriously tarty look!

My longish skirt and blouse was changed for a short black dress with a lowish
neckline that really should not be seen in public before 6 o'clock in the
evening. Shoes were exchanged for something less comfortable with another inch
added to the heels.

Now, this reminds me of a strange incident some years ago. I was in Singapore
staying with my sister and setting out for day drip on her husband's corporate
boat.
The marina had hotel and restaurant type accommodation and we had to take the
lift down from the carpark to the sealevel entrance hall. Halfway down, the lift
stopped and we were frozen with amazement at the sight of the woman getting in.
Probably in her early thirties with a look not dissimilar to the actress Kim
Basinger, she was wearing a short gold lame dress, matching gold lame shoes with
(I could barely believe this!) a gold lame bow in her long blonde hair. We spent
the rest of the day discussing had she just done it, was she about to, and
definitely the position(s) she would do it in!

She probably felt no different to me in my black dress in England. Some
adjustment to my makeup, mainly slightly redder lipstick and a refresh of
blusher and I was ready for him.

"Hi, Kelly, you look great!" he said as if he had not seen me only a few minutes
ago. It seemed a bit pointless putting everything on if it was only going to
come off quite quickly!

"Thank you, Mike. What do you want me to do for you now?" I replied. It was
usual to start with the leather strap. Mike knew and enjoyed, and seemed to know
how to inflict pain and indignity without leaving any lasting marks. Generally,
that is. One day he swapped the strap for a cane that left their marks until
Robert came home on the Friday night. I had to feign a headache and get
undressed in the dark. Later I said that I had slipped on the stairs and bruised
my bottom in the fall! It was at that point I had had enough.

"I think today we will start with your tits, Kelly"

Mike moved behind me and tied my hands behind my back. He undid the hook and eye
at the back my dress and pulled down the zipper. Unfastening my bra released my
breasts and he pulled the shoulder straps right down too. The whole effect with
my arms pinned back was to thrust my chest forward.

"Now kneel down, Kelly..." and I lowered my knees to a thick rug on the floor.
"...and look up at me!" he commanded.

This had the knock on effect of sticking my breasts out even further. Mike
wielded the strap with great skill, the first few strokes doing little more than
make a slapping noise as they hit my soft skin.

He paused and rubbed the leather against my nipples making them stand out rigid.
The next strokes were harder. To the lower side of my breasts in a slightly
upward direction. I was now breathing harder and beginning to shake.

"Please, Mike. Please don't hurt me!"
"AAArgh!!" I cried out as the next few strokes brought the tears down my cheeks
and an intense local pain that spread through my body.

Mike helped me to my feet. I could hardly stand as he untied my hands. My
breasts were visible in the mirror and I was surprised that they were barely
pink and nothing like as red as the glowing feeling told me they might be.

"That WAS good, Kelly!" not wondering how good it had been for me. "Now let's
get you out of this dress to get to the important parts of your body"

My dress slipped all the way down to the floor and my bra  fell away from my
arms. I stood there in my knickers, which surely would not stay on for long,
hold ups stockings and shoes. Mike told me to step out of my shoes, pulled down
my knickers and told me to lie on the bed.

It was quite pleasant to lie down but the beating had triggered my fight and
flight responses (not that it was possible to do either)and my blood had all run
to my arms and legs and lungs. Between my legs I was bone dry - and Mike knew
this too.

He took his clothes off. He was quite proud of his body and with good reason.
Over six feet tall, muscular and, quite good looking as far as a woman was
concerned! His cock was in proportion to the rest of him and he enjoyed using
it. Under the circumstances it was a tight fit and I squealed and wriggled as it
went in. On top of me his hands held my wrists above my head and the weight of
his body pinned down the rest of me. In out, In out, faster, slower, faster
slower it roused me to excitement and I forgot about my sore breasts. I
contracted quite violently as he came inside me and then I lay still.

The reason that (except me!) there are so many unplanned pregnancies is because
men have a desperately strong urge to sow their seed unprotected. Mike, like all
my other sexual partners preferred me to leave it in rather than clean up
immediately. Like all men - WHY do they make women do this? - he liked to be
cleaned up with my mouth and tongue. I'm not sure what I like least; cleaning up
or actually having it shot in my mouth first. Mike preferred the former and as
the paying customer, that was what he got. 

The routine was a light (!) beating followed by sex; a short rest and a repeat.
I now know what the phrase "pussy whipped" means. Fortunately with my pubic hair
intact it could have been worse.

I would either be bent over the end of the bed resting on a pillow with another
pillow to put my face into and muffle my cries, or kneeling on the floor with my
body resting on the seat of a large armchair. Either way a firm cushion was
placed between my feet or knees to prevent me from closing my legs. Bent over
the bed with high heels on the stretched muscles of the backs of my legs seemed
to increase the pain.

After a cup of sweet tea and a rest I was arrayed in the chosen position again
with hands tied behind my back.
Mike seemed to like my rear view and ran both his hands and the strap slowly up
and down my crease before applying the leather.

My backside and inner thighs made good targets and probably took twelve strokes
each, with long painful pauses, between them. As before I started with silent
deep breaths and then the pointless "No! Please no more!" sobs.

To conclude, Mike flicked the strap upwards between my legs. With each cry I
flinched and stuck my bottom out even further making an even easier target. The
hairs cushioned the blows partly but the impact was painful enough and
occasionally the strap caught the edge of my open slit producing a muffled
scream into the pillow.

"That WAS good, Kelly!" he said again, running his hands over his handiwork.
After this he would take me from behind with a really deep entrance and hands on
my sore breasts. I would lie there after a massive orgasm panting sobbing and
shaking with cum running down my legs trying to understand why it also made me
feel so satisfied!

While bent over, Mike used to finger my anus and I knew it was only a matter of
time before I had my second experience of this nature. He was quite open about
it asking me to agree to it and promised no beating. It seemed too good to be
true. For anal sex I was allowed to go up to his room in my normal street
clothes to start the session. Apparently he was more turned on by doing a pretty
English housewife up the backside than doing a tart - particularly if it was
"voluntary".

Mike asked me to undress completely and did the same himself. "The bathroom
first Kelly" he said, leading me by the arm. "Wait a second please, Mike I need
a pee!" I was feeling quite nervous. "Get on with it Kelly and then we will
clean you up"

Despite all the things he had already done to me I felt embarrassed as he
watched and did it with my knees firmly together. His cock expanded so the head
was clear of the foreskin and I felt even more embarrassed.

"Sit on the bidet, Kelly..." he said "...and sit facing the wall". It was an
unusual position and I nearly hit the ceiling when he began to run the water
that shot up into my slit! It was a surprisingly pleasant sensation
as Mike washed me with warm soap and water. He coated his fingers with a good
lather of soap and pushed them right up my backside, rinsing them and inserting
them to clean the passage as much as possible. I felt a further embarrassment of
an orgasm building up!

Washed and dried it was back to the bed again. I just hoped that Mike was not
going to cum until the deed was done.

"Lie on the bed face down, Kelly"
I did as instructed.
"Spread your legs now please" he said taking me by an ankle and doing it for me.
"Now put your hands on your bum and pull your cheeks apart....."

I could only guess what I looked like at this point. Mike's fingers applied a
slippery cream first rubbing it round and round and then inside. Once inside his
fingers stretched the orifice more and more as I began to quite enjoy what he
was doing to me. The relaxation did not last long as it was soon time for
penetration.

"Up on your knees now, Kelly"
Two cushions were placed under my hips and another between my knees.
"Now bend over again.."

My head was down on the bed and my bum up in the air. Out of the corner of my
eye I saw Mike pull back his foreskin  ready to put his cock in my anus. I
tensed, then relaxed, then tensed again as the pressure built up. Even with lots
of lubrication anal sex is not as easy as one might think.

One big push.

"MIKE! AAAHHH! Oh GOD..!!!"

And it was inside me. Only a little and a long way to go but it was a start. I
could now relax again, as although stretched tight it was easy for Mike's firm
shaft to go in and out. In, Out. In Out. I was rocking backwards and forwards in
sympathy as my anus was thoroughly fucked.
Because of the tightness, anal sex is over quite quickly.
We contracted together and I felt the cum flow. Mike extracted himself and I
weakly rolled off the cushions. Now it was his turn to clean up on the bidet and
quite unsubmissively I went and gave him a hand.

He was, as they say, well endowed and it was fun using two soapy hands on it.
Quite a thick shaft with quite a thick foreskin too which I pulled fully back to
wash and rinse clean his knob. Squeezing the shaft from the base with finger and
thumb while holding the skin back with the other hand produced a dribble of
residual cum which I washed off too. He dried and put his clothes on while I
showered and then it was time to go back to respectability.

I phoned Mrs R at the agency and told her that I was taking a break for a while.
She later called me back to say that Mike had phoned and told her about some of
the things we had done, or more accurately, the things he had done to me. Mrs R
said that she could find clients at several times the price for rough sex if I
was prepared to have another go. I decided it was time to start life back on an
upward path, thank you!

On the basis of working backwards to better times I called in to see Andrew
while out and about. He was desperate to do me again. I don't know whether this
is true of all women but I know that once someone has been up me I feel it is
impossible to stop them doing it again.
So it was with Andrew.

Two weeks later, I missed my period.



(Chapter 8 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Just an Ordinary Housewife
Chapter 8 - The seed is sown

Surprisingly I quite missed Mike. In spite of the awful things he did to me. I 
did not miss the strap or the cane on my thighs, my breasts and least of all 
between my legs. I didn't miss the humiliation and helplessness of what he made 
me do. I did however miss the resulting sexual coupling that made it all 
worthwhile!

By comparison, my husband came a very poor second. Or maybe third or fourth. The 
previous weekend, I had had sex three times in two days as Robert was going to 
be away for nearly a fortnight visiting some new export customers. I honestly 
thing he preferred work to sex although he seemed less concerned about me 
conceiving which made him a bit more relaxed and managed to hold back his orgasm 
until I had had mine. 

I used the spare time in the mornings and evenings when he was out to masturbate 
vigorously stimulated by my imagination of who with, and how, I might be doing 
it. I used either suitably sized and shaped vegetables from the kitchen, or slim 
plastic bottles from the bathroom that could be filled up with water, or maybe 
they already had some cosmetic in, and warmed up in a basin of water before 
insertion.

Robert had caught the plane on Sunday night so on the Monday I decided to give 
myself a real treat. Just like real sex there is pleasure in masturbation from 
thinking about it. Should I be totally naked; wear a bath robe; dress up for it? 
First a shower, taking my time. The water was pleasant and I held the shower 
head in my hand running it over my breasts and spraying between my legs. A pause 
for a good soaping and scrub, then a good rinse again. I dried thoroughly and 
sat on the edge of the bath. I ran my fingers up my slit and felt my clit begin 
it's expansion. 

Still no need to hurry. I ran a comb through my pubic hairs and decided that a 
light trim was in order. Quite a lot of women shave them off altogether but I 
tried that once and they really prickled as they began to grow again. I prefer a 
soft short bush for both comfort and enjoyment of my sexual partners.

Dried, I went back to the bedroom and brushed out my hair before deciding to pin 
it up out of the way. Only I would be seeing it this morning. I put on my bra, 
knickers and hold-ups and walked over to the wardrobe to see what I would feel 
good in. After some thought I chose a favourite navy blue cotton dress that 
buttoned all the way down the front from my cleavage to my knees. The pearl 
necklace and high heels finished off the job.

Sitting in front of my dressing table with minimalist make up on I then applied 
an obscenely red nail varnish with great care. My fingers had an important job 
to do. As soon as they had dried I slipped two fingers inside my knickers to 
test myself. Ready and waiting!

I slipped my knickers off again and lay on the bed with two pillows under my 
knees to raise my legs up while keeping them slightly apart. My clit was hard 
and my hole wet and slippery. A large carrot (covered with a condom to prevent 
my vagina being stained orange) entered easily. I pushed it in as far as it 
would go and undid all the front of my dress, sat up slightly and removed my bra 
and lay back on another pillow. Using one hand on my nipples and the other to 
work between my legs I got hotter and wetter and hoped that nobody out in the 
street could hear my moaning with ever increasing volume. 

I came easily, and again, and again, and again until I felt like I had been done 
by the entire local football team! As it was barely ten o'clock in the morning. 
I hoped I would discover more strength for another session before bedtime.

There is nothing to beat a real person however and the safest bet was Andrew. As 
luck would have it he was not at work this week using up some spare holiday time 
for relaxation. He wasn't going to get much opportunity for that! 

I arranged to go round the next morning and we both knew what for. Andrew liked 
plain and simple sex and lots of it so I did not have to make all that much of 
an effort in the appearance department. Jeans and T shirt would be fine. Then I 
decided on shoes with heels to tighten the muscles in my bum....

He was his usual welcoming self, as most men would be when guaranteed a good 
fuck with an attractive woman! I was going to have to earn my chocolate biscuits 
today and I got the impression that Andrew was quite keen to get on with it. We 
both went into his bedroom and enjoyed helping each other remove our clothing. 
Not too quick; not too slow. Naked I lay down and he lay on top of me. I liked 
the feeling of his warm stomach pressed on  mine. With my legs apart my slit was 
half open and I felt the mild stretching sensation as his cock slid in. 

I was now less selfish than our previous encounters and not only gave him free 
rein but did all I could to help. My legs were raised with my knees bent so that 
he could go all the way in. His knob brushed past my cervix which was excitedly 
waiting for the fluid that was to produce a baby boy. Andrew raised himself up 
and withdrew. I could see how hard and shiny he was covered with my own 
lubrication. He put his hands under my knees and lifted then high before pushing 
then back down towards my shoulders. That wonderful feeling of helpless 
submission came over me again as his cock plunged vertically down as far inside 
me as it would go.

"Andrew, Aaaaahhh, Stop, you're hurting me. Andrew, Aaaaaahhh, 
AAAAArrrrrgggghhhh, AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH, Oh my GOD...Aaaaarrrrggghhh...!!!!" I was 
past the pain barrier and into Heaven. I came first and lay there motionless as 
he finished himself off. Then we both lay there as his fluid soaked in to me.

We recovered our composure and half dressed for a light lunchtime snack. "You 
will have to do better than that to earn chocolate biscuits!" said Andrew, 
producing a fresh pack of jam doughnuts!

I sat on the sofa close to him and we watched some cartoons on TV. I never tire 
of Wily Coyote. He acts just like a man desperate for a woman that he will never 
succeed with! We started the afternoon session with slightly less enthusiasm as 
a result of all the exertion in the morning. I took off my blouse letting my now 
braless breasts hang free and helped him out of his trousers and underpants. His 
cock needed inspiration and was about to get it. 

Going back to the kitchen I returned with a spare jam doughnut. I pulled his 
foreskin back and covered the end of his cock with the oozing jam before pulling 
the loose skin right back again. The doughnut was a forced fit around the shaft 
but I pushed it back on anyway.

My mouth got to work in the way I know best. 
In harmony with my fingers I devoured the doughnut before licking some of the 
jam off.

"Your turn now, Andrew!" and I lowered my jeans and offered my rear to him. His 
cock went straight up my sticky vagina and covered me in jam too! Before he came 
I pushed forward to release him and we settled into a sexy sixty nine licking 
and sucking for all we were worth. Again I came first, and second, and third, 
and then finished him off too. The jam improved the flavour of cum no end and I 
swallowed it without any bother pushing his foreskin as far back as it would go 
and squeezing the last drips out.

I went round to see Andrew every day until Robert came back. We did the most 
disgusting things we could think of graduating from jam, through chocolate to 
icecream which made me scream when applied liberally to my nipples and clit.

We both had the time of our lives. How he made my titties bounce, ramming me 
hard from behind then dipping my nipples into melting ice cream while I was on 
my knees and then rolling me onto my back, licking them clean and then putting 
some on his cock before penetrating and filling me. 

Near the end of the ten days I allowed Andrew to call round to my house (daily 
would have aroused neighbourly suspicion) and do me in my own bedroom. I did 
make an effort to dress for him and in the early evening I wore a tight black 
halter neck top (with the pearls) over a full black skirt. We had sex before the 
meal. Slower and softer than usual. First I lay on my back fully dressed apart 
from my knickers while he stripped off completely. I revived him with my mouth 
and he stripped me. I lay on my front over two pillows while his magnificent 
cock, both soft and hard in its own way did what it was meant to do. We really 
earned that pizza although the delivery boy was a bit taken aback when I opened 
the door to pay him.....

So Robert returned and so did a certain feeling of restriction. That was soon to 
change as Andrew had done what his elder brother could not (at least there would 
be a family likeness!) and it was not long before I was back on Dr Sally Lomax's 
examination table checking that all was well with my pregnancy. 

"You're fine!" said Dr Lomax, wiping me clean before removing her rubber 
gloves....



(Chapter 9 follows. Any comments to kellyjkw@hotmail.com)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kelly Jackson


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





