BDSM Library - Mastering Mandy




Mastering Mandy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Man with power of mind control picks up an Asian woman and gives her an unpleasant time.
	              MASTERING MANDY

	About twenty-two, he thought, though it was hard to tell with these
Asian girls, possibly a bit older, possibly younger, but in that range, and just
how he liked them, slim, but curvy, high of breast, round of hip, long black
straight hair almost to her waist, a fine young high-boned face with dark
slanting eyes, a thin nose, good round firm mouth, and with good legs; yes, too
often this kind had thin scrawny legs, but her short skirt showed round full
shapely thighs and then curvy strong sensuous molded calves, and he thought she
was Japanese, probably not Chinese or Korean or Malayan, possibly Vietnamese,
but probably Japanese, and that good carriage, and this was the one this
morning, his cock told him, and he set his mind and got the buttons in place and
walked up to her and put himself in front of her and she stopped and looked at
him.
	Pushing the buttons.
	He could see it in her eyes, the working of it, the power, the fear, the
struggling. Her mind, brain, rationality all struggling against it, and losing.
And she knowing it. The fear, the unwillingness...and the submission.
	"You can't do anything about it," he said.
	"What?" Still struggling, standing still, unmoving, but the fight going
on within. Losing. "What do you want?" she said.
	"I want you, bitch," he said. Watching her eyes widen. Her body wanting
to move, her hand wanting to slap him. Standing still.
	"And I'm going to have you," he said. "You can't do anything about it,
bitch. Sweet fine oriental bitch cunt. You can't do anything but what I tell you
to do."
	"Don't say those things," she said.
	He smiled at her. "Why not? That's what you are. Let's get that
established right off, okay? You are a bitch. Will you tell me that?"
	"No," she said. Not moving. Twitching a little. "No."
	"Let me put it this way," he said. "Tell me that. Say, 'I am a bitch.'
Say it."
	"I--" And she shook her head. "I am a bitch," she said."No. No, don't."
	"Say, 'I am a cunt.'"
	"I am a cunt. No. Stop. What are you...please..."
	"I am a bitch cunt and I will suck your cock. Say it."
	"I am...no...a bitch cunt...oh no...and I will...what...suck your
cock...stop. No stop. Stop."
	"Now you know," he said. "What's your name, bitch?"
	"Mandy."
	"That's an American name. What's your real name?"
	"Mandy is my name. I want to go."
	"You can't go."
	"I have to go to work."
	"You won't go to work today. Where do you live?"
	She shook her head. "I won't tell you."
	"Tell me where you live."
	"On Joans Street. Four sixty-two Joans Street."
 	Tears in her eyes.
	"Don't cry. You can cry later. Is there anybody there now?"
	Shaking her head.
	"Tell me."
	"No."
	"Take me there."
	"Oh no. No. Please. No." She took his hand and started walking with him
back in the direction she had come from. "No. I don't want to."
	"I know," he said. "But you have no choice, Mandy. I control you. Think
of the fun we will have, you and I. Just think of it. Are you married, Mandy?"
	"Yes."
	"Any kids?"
	"No."
	"Where is your husband?"
	"Working."
	"All day?"
	"Yes."
	"Good."
	"Please."
	"Please what, Mandy?"
	"Please stop. Please don't do this."
	"Don't be silly, Mandy," he said. "This is what I live for."
	"Please," she said. He could see she wanted to cry, but he had told her
not to cry, so she wouldn't.
	"Mandy," he said.
	"Yes."
	"Get down on your knees."
	Her eyes went wide. "No!"
	She got down on her knees.
	"Now kiss the sidewalk."
	She looked at him. The expression in her eyes was indescribable. She
looked around wildly.
	"Don't look around. Just do what I say. Kiss the sidewalk."
	She didn't cry, but he could hear her whimpering softly. His cock was
hard. She bent over and put her lips to the sidewalk.
	"Lick it, Mandy."
	The whimpers were louder. She stuck out her tongue. She licked the
sidewalk.
	"Get up."
	She got up. She was shaking.
	"You see? You'll do whatever I tell you. You understand that now, don't
you?"
	She only whimpered.
	"Mandy."
	"Please."
	"You see that man over there? Walking this way, on the other side of the
street?"
	"Yes."
	"If I told you to go over to him, right now, and ask him if you can suck
his cock for him, and then go down on your knees, right on the sidewalk, and
take it out and put it in your mouth and suck it, what would you do?"
	"No!"
	"What would you do, Mandy?"
	"I wouldn't...I wouldn't, I can't!"
	"Then you won't mind if I tell you to do it."
	She looked terrified. "No! Don't! Please! Oh god please!"
	"You see, Mandy? You do understand. You know that whatever I tell you to
do, you will do. You can't stop yourself. There's nothing you can do about it.
Isn't that right, Mandy?"
	"I--Oh god--I--"
	"Say it, Mandy."
	"I--Yes."
	"Yes, what?"
	"Yes, I--I understand. You--can make me--"
	"Do anything I want. Say it."
	"Do anything you want."
	"Good. You can cry now, Mandy, if you want to."
	Immediately she began to sob. She cried very hard for a long time. He
waited until she stopped.
	"Now take me to your place," he said.
                               #
	"Do you know what I'm going to do first, Mandy?" he said. "I'm going to
make you suck my cock."
	"I can't do it," she said. She had cried herself out, and her voice was
flat now, flat with despair, but there was still a tincture of fear in it. "I've
never done that, even for my husband."
	"But you will do it, Mandy. You know that. Don't you?"
	"I--if you--"
	"Of course. So never tell me you can't do something, Mandy, when you
know you will do anything I want. You have to learn that. I have to punish you
for saying that, so you'll remember."
	Her eyes went round with fear. "P-punish me?"
	"Yes. Do you smoke, Mandy?"
	"No."
	"Does your husband smoke?"
	"Yes."
	"Then he probably has some cigarettes around."
	"I--yes. I think so."
	"Get them, Mandy. And some matches."
	She got them.
	"Take one out. And light it."
	She seemed puzzled. She took out a cigarette, put it in her mouth.
Struck a match. Clumsily, having never done it before, she put the match to the
cigarette and lit it, coughing a little as some unexpected smoke went into her
throat.
	"Blow out the match, Mandy. That's it. And put it down. Good. Now I'm
going to tell you what you'll be doing, before I have you actually do it. So
you'll be able to anticipate what will happen. That will make it nicer."
	She just looked at him.
	"You're just going to put the cigarette out," he said. And as she looked
a little puzzled, he added, "On your face."
	She went pale. Staring at him now, her head shook a little in disbelief.
	"Anywhere on your face," he said. "I don't care where. It will hurt a
lot, wherever you choose. It may leave a permanent mark. But it won't be too
bad, once the burn fades. Hardly noticeable. But I think it will teach you the
necessary lesson."
	"Please," she said, and her body was shaking now. "Please...I'm
sorry...I won't..."
	"I like your fright, Mandy," he said. "That's why I told you about it
beforehand. Your fear is almost as stimulating as your pain is going to be."
	"Please," she said again, but it came out as a feeble whisper.
	"Do it now, Mandy," he said. "Put the cigarette out on your face."
	She moaned as she raised the cigarette, and her breathing became a rapid
panting, like that of a dog. Her features were distorted with fear. And she
brought the hand holding the cigarette up to her cheek and pressed the glowing
tip against her flesh. And she screamed. Loudly.
	"That's the girl," the man said.
	Her legs collapsed, and she sank to the floor, moaning and sobbing.
	The man unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. It was very hard.
	"Now, Mandy," he said. "Come on over here. Crawl on your hands and
knees, that would be nice."
	She got on her hands and knees and she crawled toward him. She was still
moaning, still sobbing.
	"Now I know you've never done this before," he said. "But I'm not going
to give you detailed instructions. Not yet. I want to see how well you can do it
on your own. Here's what you'll do, Mandy. You will do your best to please me
with your mouth. You will use as much skill and talent as your ingenuity can
devise. You will use your mouth and your tongue and your lips and your throat,
and you will not stop until I tell you you may. All right, Mandy. Do it."
	He sat back in his chair and let her work. Her moans and sobs did not
bother him in the least; on the contrary, they added to his pleasure. She was
untaught, but she was of course obedient, and he thoroughly enjoyed the play of
her lips and tongue on his rigid penis. She licked and kissed and stroked, and
then she took him in her mouth and sucked him. At first she couldn't take more
than the head into her mouth, but he had told her to do her best, and she did,
working at it and taking more and more of him, until at last she was able to
take it all, holding the tip of it in her gagging but docile throat, forcing
herself to breathe through her nose, still giving the occasional sob, before
sucking the length of his prick.
	At the last minute he grabbed her long dark hair and pulled her head
forcibly away from him, then held it just above his cock as he shot several
powerful spurts of jism onto her face, aiming specifically for the mark left by
the burning cigarette. She cried out in pain as he twisted her hair, pulling her
head far back and looking down into her tear-filled eyes.
	"Go clean yourself up, cocksucker," he said. "You're disgusting. And
when you come back, come back crawling, like the fucking animal you are."
	                            #
	She did come back crawling, and crying. "Stop crying, Mandy," he said,
and she did. "Now you know how to suck a cock," he said. "And from now on you'll
do it for your husband. Starting tonight. Understand?"
	On her hands and knees, she nodded, not looking at him.
	"Now I'm going to have you to call him up at work and tell him that," he
said.
	She raised her head and stared at him.
	"Yes. I want to hear you tell him, Mandy. Get on the phone and tell him
you are a little cocksucking slut and you can't wait to get his dick in your
mouth. Do it now."
	The girl slowly got up. Her eyes were terrible. She went to the
telephone on a table, picked it up, and dialed. After a minute she spoke. He
couldn't understand what she said.
	"Stop," he said. She stopped talking and looked at him.
	"Why aren't you talking English, bitch?"
	"I--it's a Vietnamese company," she said. "And my husband--he doesn't
speak English. Only Vietnamese."
	"How the hell am I supposed to know what you're telling him?" he said.
"Hang up. Now."
	She hung up.
	"This isn't a trick, is it, Mandy?" he said dangerously.
	She shook her head, evidently too frightened to speak.
	"All right. There are other Vietnamese people in this building?"
	"I--Yes."
	"Find someone who speaks both languages. A man. Bring him here. Now."
	The girl turned and left. He heard her knocking on a door down the hall.
He heard a swift conversation. She came back with a middle-aged Asian man,
wearing glasses and looking puzzled.
	"You speak English?" he asked the man, who nodded.
	"All right. I need you to help me out, and I assure you you will not
regret it. This lady is going to call her husband at work and tell him that she
is a cocksucking slut who can't wait to get his prick in her mouth. I want you
to listen and make sure that's what she says to him. Do you understand?"
	The man looked astonished, but he nodded.
	"All right. Do this and I'll have her suck your cock as well."
	The girl made a moaning, quivering sound of despair. The man's eyes
widened.
	"Would you like that?"
	The man nodded again.
	"All right, Mandy," he said. "Call your husband."
	The tears stood in her eyes again as she made the call. This time she
got through. She spoke in a low, trembly voice. Then she hung up, evidently
before her husband had a chance to reply.
	"What did she say?" he asked the man.
	"She say--" He had to compose himself to get it out. "She say she
little...you know...whore...and she like to take thing...penis...in mouth. And
she want to do it for him when he come home."
	"Good," he said. "That's very good, Mandy. Now suck this nice gentleman
off. And you can cry now if you want to."
	Mandy cried. And she sucked the nice gentleman off, going down on her
knees to do it. The gentleman stayed on his feet. He seemed rooted to the spot.
It didn't take long.
	"Swallow it, Mandy," the seated man said. "Swallow it all."
	Mandy choked, but she managed to swallow the Asian man's semen.
	"That's good, Mandy," the seated man said. "Thank you for your help,
sir. You can go now."
	As the man, somewhat dazed, made for the apartment door, Mandy called
something after him in Vietnamese.
	"What was that?" the seated man said. "What did she say?" he asked the
Asian man.
	The man looked from one of them to the other confusedly. "She say call
police," he said. "Tell them come quick."
	The seated man looked at the girl. She looked very frightened.
	"I will punish her for that," the man said. "Would you like to watch?"
	The other man's eyes went wide. He licked his lips. Then he nodded.
	"What's your name?"
	"Hang. Hang Ding."
	"Sit down, Hang." The other man sat on a sofa. "Tell me, Hang. Would you
like to see Mandy naked?"
	I whimper from Mandy. A whispered sound that might have been,
"Please..."
	Hang nodded again, his breath coming faster.
	"So would I," the man said. "Stand up, Mandy, and take off your
clothes."
	Mandy stood. She was crying harder now. She turned her back to them as
her fingers went to the buttons of her blouse.
	"Come on, Mandy," the man said. "You know better than that. Turn around
this way. That's it. Face Hang."
	Mandy turned to the Asian man, her hands shaking as they opened buttons.
	"Get closer, Mandy. I want Hang to have a good view. Go stand right in
front of him." He moved to sit other end of the sofa, so he could see her also.
Mandy moved up until she was standing right in front of Hang. Her sobs
continued. So did her fingers. She got all the buttons open and pulled off the
blouse. She wore a black brassiere.
	"Take off the bra next, Mandy."
	She looked at him with helpless pleading eyes even as her hands went
behind her to undo the hooks. He smiled at her. She moaned with humiliation as
she pushed the bra straps down and took it off. The bra dropped to the floor.
Mandy's fine round breasts moved up and down rapidly with her breathy sobs.
	"It's time for your punishment now, Mandy," he said. "Before you show us
the rest of you. Get the cigarettes."
	Mandy went to the table to pick up the pack of cigarettes, and while she
did so she said, "Oh my god, no, please, not again, please no, don't make me..."
	"You tried to bring the cops, Mandy."
	"I'm sorry," Mandy moaned, coming back with the cigarettes. "I'm sorry,
I'm sorry, please..."
	"This time I'm you're going to put it out on your tit, Mandy." The girl
gave a cry of horror. "Not yet," he said. "I just want you to know it's coming.
Take one out, Mandy."
	She was trembling so hard she shook several cigarettes out of the pack
before she could hold on to one.
	"Light it."
	She couldn't do it. She shook so hard the match kept going out. Finally
he lit it for her and handed it to her.
	"Please..." she whimpered. "Oh dear god, please..."
	"Mandy," he said. "When I say now, you will put the cigarette out on
your right nipple." She shook her head so hard the hair flew around her face. It
was not so much a refusal as an automatic denial, born of terror. "Listen to me,
Mandy. You will put it out slowly. You will hold it against your nipple and you
will grind it in, slowly, but hard, burning yourself as much as possible.
Understand?"
	"Please," the girl cried desperately. "Please, I'm sorry, I'll do
anything you want, please, I can't, please..."
	"Now," the man said.
	Again she moaned loudly as she brought the cigarette to her breast. As
it touched the flesh of her nipple the moan turned into a scream. Her body
flinched, jerked, spasmed, but her hand stayed where it was. The scream went on,
got louder. She held the glowing cigarette tip against her nipple and turned it
slowly, grinding it into the flesh, spasming, screaming, screaming, and finally
falling down to her knees as the cigarette was crushed out.
	"Do the same thing again," the man said. "On the other nipple."
	It was horrible to see her face. This time he didn't help her light the
cigarette, let her do it herself. It took a long time. He waited patiently,
watching her trying, watching her fright, her pain, her mind-numbing horror. She
finally got one lit. She couldn't stand up. She stayed on her knees, shaking
violently, and she brought the red-tipped cylinder to her left breast and she
screamed without stopping, almost without pausing for breath, all the time she
ground the glowing flame into her nipple, turning it, pressing it home, searing
the flesh as her body writhed and convulsed like a landed fish. Afterward she
stayed on her knees, bent over, cradling herself, rocking back and forth,
terrible animal noises coming from her throat.
	"All right, Mandy," the man said finally. "Now stand up and finish
stripping."
	It took her a while, and the sounds she made, though diminished
somewhat, didn't stop. But she stood up, and she finished stripping. Taking off
her skirt and her shoes and her panties.
	"Now ask Hang if he would like to fuck you," the man said.
	The girl closed her eyes and opened her mouth, but he stopped her. "No.
Look at him, Mandy. Look at him and ask him if he would like to fuck your slut
cocksucker's body."
	Mandy opened her eyes. Tears flowed from them. Her voice was pinched,
hoarse, almost inaudible. "Hang...would you...would you...like to...to
fuck...my...my slut... cocksucker's...b-body..."
	Hang could only nod. His cock was hard again, sticking up through his
still-open pants.
	"Fuck him, Mandy," the man said. "Get on top of him and put him inside
you and fuck him real good. Make it good for him."
	Something burst inside Mandy. "Oh, God, no, I don't want to do this!"
she cried. As she climbed onto the sofa and straddled Hang's lap. "Why am I
doing this, oh damn you, why are you doing this to me?" Sobbing it out as she
positioned herself over his cock, holding it with one hand so that she could
lower herself over it. "I hate you! I hate you! Oh Jesus, no!" she wailed, and
she took him into her, sinking down on him, sinking down all the way, as Hang
gasped and began to pant. "Oh god help me, oh god, somebody help me," Mandy
sobbed as she began to move, up and down, up and down.
	"Be quiet, Mandy," the man said, and her noises suddenly ceased. "Fuck
him slowly, that's it," the man said. "Now a little faster. That's the girl. Now
listen, Mandy. When I tell you to, I want you to ask Hang to grab hold of your
nipples and squeeze them as hard as he can. Ready?"
	Since he had told her to be quiet, she didn't speak, but her eyes, her
whole face, looking at him, was begging, was pleading pitifully for mercy. Her
head shook from side to side, tears flying from her eyes, her mouth twisted with
fear. "Oh, and you can scream if you want to. And I think you will. All right,
Mandy. Ask him now. Nicely."
	And Mandy turned her terrified, twisted face to the man she was fucking
so steadily and with great difficulty gasped out her request.
"P-p-please...p-please...take...take hold of my...my nipples and...and..."
	Hang didn't wait for any more. His hands rose to her breasts and his
fingers grasped her burn-marked, aching, throbbing nipples. His hands were thin
but surprisingly strong, and he now vised those tormented nipples in his
fingers, pinching them and squeezing them as hard as he could, squeezing and
holding on with agonizing tightness as she continued to fuck him.
	And Mandy screamed. Her body bucked and twisted, adding to Hang's
already considerable pleasure, and she threw back her head and screamed her
agony to the ceiling. She screamed and screamed, her body squirming and
convulsing harder and faster, until Hang erupted inside her twisting pussy with
a shout of joy. Not until he had emptied himself completely did he let go of her
nipples, and Mandy howled again as the blood rushed back into them, causing her
almost as much pain as his fingers had done.
	She would have fallen from his lap to the floor, except that the other
man reached over and grabbed her by the hair, twisting and pulling her toward
him. Howling with this new agony, she fell sideways across the sofa, landing in
the man's lap. He still twisted her hair, forcing her to look up at him as he
smiled down into her horror- and despair-filled eyes.
	"Ask me to fuck your ass, Mandy," he said.
	"Fuck my ass." She gasped it, almost fainting, her words barely
understandable.
	"Louder." He pulled harder on her hair, and she screamed.
	"Fuck my ass!" she groaned, twitching spasmodically.
	He released her hair then, pushing her off the sofa onto the floor.
"Hands and knees," he said.
	She managed to get onto all fours. It took her a while.
	As soon as he penetrated her ass, she fell forward, screaming, and
stayed that way, her face against the carpet. He fucked her ass for a long time,
reaching beneath her occasionally to squeeze her breasts and her nipples. Her
ass was bleeding before he was through. When he came he offered her ass to Hang,
but Hang preferred to have her suck him off again. He sat on the floor and
lifted her head by the hair and put her face in his lap and she sucked him in a
half-demented state until he shot down her throat.
	"Thanks for the hospitality, Mandy," the man said. "Now listen to me.
You will forget everything that happened today as soon as we leave here. You
will never remember it again. Except for telling your husband that you want to
suck his cock. Which you will do for him tonight, and any time he wants it from
now on. And you will also give your mouth and your body to Hang any time he
wants it. Do you understand, Mandy?"
	Mandy couldn't speak. She was curled into a foetal position on the
floor, rocking and moaning. But she nodded.
	"Good," the man said. "Let's go, Hang." And the two men left.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pamela


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





