BDSM Library - Cindy and Company




Cindy and Company
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cindy is the queen of her high school, but her home life is a different matter. When she turns down a date with a nerdy fellow student, she has no idea what she's starting.
					CINDY AND COMPANY

	Cindy's father opened her bedroom door as she was talking to her friend
Rachel on the phone. "What a loser!" she was saying. "Can you imagine him having
the nerve to ask me to the dance? God! I wouldn't go out with him if he was the
last boy on earth!"
	"Who's that?" her father said.
	Cindy caught her breath. "Rach, I'll call you back," she said, and hung
up.
	"Who, Cindy?" her father said. "Who wouldn't you go out with if he was
the last boy on earth? Who?"
	"Just--just some guy, daddy. He's a jerk, that's all."
	"I see. This jerk, this loser, asked you to the dance?"
	"Yes." Cindy looked a little apprehensive, though she tried to hide it.
	"And you said no."
	"Yes."
	"And not very politely, I suspect."
	"Daddy--"
	"Aren't you supposed to be studying, Cindy?"
	"I am, Daddy, I was just--"
	"Aren't you supposed to be grounded? Including no telephone privileges
for the next three days? Didn't I make that quite clear?"
	"I was just talking to Rachel, Daddy, I wanted to get the assignment
for--"
	"I heard what you were talking about. You need more punishment, Cindy."
	Cindy went pale. "Daddy, please--"
	"What's this boy's name?"
	"The--the boy who--"
	"Yes, that boy. What's his name?"
	Cindy swallowed. "Chet. Chet Browder."
	"Chet Browder. The loser. Who asked you to the dance. Who you sneered
at. Maybe even laughed at to his face. Because he's a loser, and you're the
wonderful Cindy Arnett. Is that right, Cindy?"
	"Daddy--"
	"Call him up."
	"Daddy, please..."
	"I think Chet Browder would enjoy seeing you taken down a peg or two,
don't you, Cindy?"
	"Daddy, for god's sake..."
	"Call him up and tell him you want to go to the dance with him."
	"Daddy, listen, please, I'm sorry, I'll..."
	"What are you, Cindy?"
	Cindy bit her lip.
	"Say it, Cindy. What are you?"
	Cindy swallowed. "I'm a bitch and a slut," she said. Her voice was
barely audible.
	"What? I can't hear you, Cindy."
	Her voice was louder this time, but unsteady. "I'm a bitch and a slut"
	"Call Chet Browder. Now."
	"I--I don't--I don't have his number."
	"You're stalling, Cindy," her father said. "You shouldn't do that. The
more you stall the worse it will be. The more you stall, the happier Chet is
going to be when he comes to pick you up. You know that, Cindy. Don't you?"
	Cindy was crying now. "Daddy, don't. Oh god, don't, daddy, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'll be good, I'll do anything, Daddy, please don't do this again.
Please, Daddy. I'm sorry. Please."
	"Call him, Cindy."
                               #
	When Chet Browder called for Cindy on the night of the dance, her father
opened the door for him.
	"Ah, you must be Chet," he said, smiling. "Do come in." He led the youth
into the living room and offered him a seat. "I'm afraid Cindy's not quite ready
yet. You know how women are. Would you like something to drink?"
	"Uh...No thanks," Chet said. He was nervous. He still could hardly
believe that Cindy Arnett had called him up and told him she wanted him to take
her to the dance. Especially after the cruel, snotty way she had turned him down
when he had finally gotten up the nerve to ask her. Of course he hadn't expected
her to say yes, but he hadn't been ready for that kind of humiliation either.
Even though Cindy was probably the prettiest and most popular girl in school.
Her long blonde hair and her beautiful baby face, combined with her stunningly
adult figure, had all the guys falling all over themselves just to look at her.
	Cindy's father was talking about what nice weather they were having. But
Chet also heard something else. It was coming from upstairs, and it sounded like
somebody moaning. Moaning and...and pleading. He couldn't make out any words,
but it definitely sounded like someone was begging. And then moaning again.
	Cindy's father talked on.
	And then there was a scream. A loud, definitely female scream that sent
chills through Chet's body.
	"Ah," Cindy's father said. "I think Cindy is ready now."
	And then Cindy was coming downstairs.
	Chet started to stand up, but what he saw made him fall back again into
his chair, his eyes wide, his mouth open, looking like a poleaxed steer.                      
	For one thing, Cindy wasn't walking down the stairs. She was crawling.
Crawling slowly, painfully, awkwardly, on her hands and knees, down the stairs.
	And for another thing, she was naked. Stark staring naked. Her beautiful
full firm breasts swayed and jiggled beneath her as she made her painstaking way
from step to step. Her rounded rear stuck up provocatively into the air, and the
muscles of her luscious shapely legs flexed and rippled as she crawled.
	Actually she wasn't entirely naked. There was a thin leather collar
around her neck. Attached to this collar was a leash, the kind used to walk dogs
with. And holding the other end of the leash was a young man Chet recognized as
Cindy's younger brother, Raymond, who was one year behind Chet and Cindy at
school. Raymond was naked too. He was scrawny and pimple-faced, but his cock was
big enough. It was standing up at full attention as he led his crawling,
whimpering sister down the stairs.
	"Really, Raymond," his father remonstrated. "You might have put some
clothes on for our guest. You must forgive my son, Chet. He tends to become
overly excited when I give him the chance to discipline his sister. I believe
you overheard some of the results of his enthusiasm just now. But I'm glad to
see he hasn't gotten too carried away. As you can see, there are no marks on
Cindy's body. As yet."
	Chet couldn't begin to answer. His head was swimming with confusion, and
with the unbelievable sight of the naked body of Cindy Arnett, crawling and on a
leash. When they reached the bottom of the stairs, Raymond led her, still
crawling, to the center of the room, where she remained on all fours, breathing
heavily, not looking at Chet or at any of them, but at the floor. Little
whimpering sounds still came from her throat at intervals. Chet could not tell
whether they were sounds of pain, fear or humiliation, or of some combination of
all three. Raymond let go of the leash and stood back.
	"My daughter, as you know, Chet, has a tendency to be headstrong, and
even arrogant at times," Cindy's father said. "Since she has no mother to
instill into her the values of proper feminine submissiveness, I must do my best
to try to set her straight. Occasionally this requires some rather severe
correction of her attitude. I must tell you that her going out with you, Chet,
is a part of that correction. This is really no reflection on you, my boy; Cindy
looks upon most of the world as her inferiors. But since she seems particularly
to dislike you, and since apparently she treated you rather shabbily when you
did her the honor of asking her to the dance, I thought it only fitting that you
should not only have your wish about that, but that you should also be able to
witness some other aspects of her correction."
	"Daddy--" Cindy said pleadingly.
	"Be quiet, Cindy," her father said. Then he said, "On second thought,
you may speak, Cindy. You may tell your friend Chet what you are. Tell him,
Cindy."
	There was a pause. '
	"Tell him, Cindy. Now."
	Cindy did not look up, and when she spoke the words were soft and
mumbled. "I'm a bitch and a slut," she said.
	"Now Cindy, I could hardly hear that, and I'm sure Chet could hardly
hear it also. I want you to look at him, Cindy, and speak up so he can hear you
clearly. Go on."
	Cindy slowly raised her head. Her blonde hair fell raggedly about her
face. She looked at Chet now, but her eyes were opaque and expressionless. "I'm
a bitch and a slut," she said again. Her voice now was clear but flat. Then she
lowered her head again.
	 "That's better," her father said. "Now, Cindy, it's time to pay the
toll for your evening out." He unzipped his fly. "Usually she pays this toll
before her escort arrives," he explained to Chet. "But tonight, as I say, I
thought you deserved to watch as she does it." Then he pulled out his cock,
which was semi-hard.
	Cindy made a sound. Until now, Chet would never have thought the
haughty, self-confident, supremely superior Cindy Arnett capable of making a
sound like that.
	"I'm waiting, Cindy," her father said.
	Chet saw Cindy swallow. Then she very slowly began to move, crawling to
where her father was sitting. He spread his legs and Cindy crawled between them.
Chet could hardly believe what he was watching. He saw Cindy's father's cock
hardening as she approached, her breasts swaying and her mouth half-open with
her labored breathing. He thought he might faint as Cindy, with only the
briefest of hesitations, took that cock into her mouth. Then her head started to
move, up and down, up and down, as she sucked her father's cock.
	"Not too fast, Cindy," her father said, his voice as calm and even as
before. "Don't rush it. I'm sure Chet is enjoying this almost as much as I am.
Let's give him some time to savor it, shall we? How about it, Chet? Does
watching Cindy do this help to make up, to some extent, for the way she treated
you?"
	Chet could barely think, let alone speak. "I--" he stammered. "I-I
don't--I can't--I mean..."
	"I understand," Cindy's father said. "I think he means yes, Cindy. Keep
it up, dear. Use your tongue a little more. That's it." And then he fell silent,
and the only sounds in the room were the faint moist sounds Cindy's mouth made
as she sucked, the occasional muffled whimper that escaped her throat, and the
heavy, open-mouthed breathing of both Chet and her brother as they watched what
she was doing.
	Finally her father stiffened and drew in his breath sharply, and then he
was coming into his daughter's mouth. She continued to suck him as he came, as
though from previous experience she knew what he wanted her to do.
	"Swallow it, Cindy," he said as his climax subsided. "Do it for Chet.
Show him how you swallow all my come."
	Cindy drew her mouth from his now limp cock and turned her face to Chet.
Her eyes were terrible. She tilted her head back so he could see her throat move
as she swallowed, which she did slowly, three or four times, until she had
ingested all her father's sperm. Then she collapsed onto the floor, panting and
shaking.
	"Dad?" Raymond said. "Me too, Dad? Please? Okay?"
	Cindy mewled softly.
	"Why not?" her father said. "Cindy, pleasure your brother now."
	Cindy raised her head. "Daddy," she moaned. "Daddy, please. Please not
him. Please..."
	"I think you need further punishment, Cindy. To make you more
responsive. Hand me the leash."
	Cindy made that sound again.
	"Dad?" Raymond stepped forward. His eyes were shining. "Can I do it,
Dad? Let me do it, okay? I'll do it good."
	"Oh, I'm sure you will, Raymond. You enjoy it so much. Too much,
perhaps. But all right. Give him the leash, Cindy."
	Cindy was shaking her head, perhaps unconciously. She started to say
something, but her father's expression evidently persuaded her that it would do
no good. Her panting breath now rasped softly in her throat. Her hands were
shaking as she raised them to unhook the leash from her collar. It took her
several attempts. When she had done that, her brother walked over to her and
took the thin leather leash from her hand.
	"Lie down, Cindy," her father said. "And keep still, or it will be
worse."
	A sob came from her mouth as she lowered herself onto her stomach and
stretched her naked, trembling body out on the floor. Her arms were spread out
on either side of her, her legs tightly together, her face turned to one side
and pressed against the carpet. Chet was panting almost as hard as she was, and
his cock was achingly hard and throbbing in his pants. A part of him wondered
insistently if this was all a dream.
	Raymond now raised his arm over his head, the smooth, slender leather
leash trailing from his hand. With a swift, sudden movement he brought it down,
sending it cracking loudly against Cindy's upper back.
	Cindy screamed.
	Raymond's cock, which had scarcely diminished since he had brought Cindy
downstairs, was now more rigid than ever, and twitching dangerously. His tongue
came out to lick his lips as once more he brought the leash down onto his
sister's body, this time onto her sweetly curving buttocks. Her scream was
louder than before. Her body twisted with pain, and now she started to sob.
	Raymond grunted as he gave her a third blow, again on her back, but
lower than the first. Cindy's body bucked, and her shriek hurt Chet's ears.
	Again the strap came down on her buttocks, harder now. Cindy's father's
cock, which still protruded from his fly, was now hard again, and Chet was on
the verge of coming in his pants. Cindy began to beg her father to make it stop,
but he only watched impassively as Raymond lashed her back again, and then her
thighs, and then her buttocks, until she was screaming almost continuously, her
body rolling and twisting with the pain.
	Finally her father said, "All right, Raymond. That's enough." Raymond
looked like he wanted to argue, but he stopped, reluctantly dropping the leash.
He was panting as though he had just run five miles.
	"Now, Cindy," her father said. "Perhaps you will obey with more
alacrity. Now do as I told you. Pleasure your brother."
	Cindy was crying hard, and it was obviously painful for her to move, but
she didn't hesitate now. She pushed herself onto her knees, gasping with the
effort, and grasping her brother's thighs for balance as he stood in front of
her, she opened her sobbing mouth and closed it around his cock.
	Raymond moaned and tangled the fingers of both hands in her long blonde
hair. "Oh, yeah!" he gasped hoarsely. "Christ, suck me, baby!"
	Cindy sucked him. She was still sobbing, and still panting hard enough
so that she had to struggle to take in enough air through her nostrils, but she
sucked him steadily and well, taking in almost all of his sizeable cock with
each downward movement.
	"Oh, Jesus!" Raymond husked. "Oh damn, you're so good, big sister.
Christ, yes, do it, oh my god... Such a great cocksucker, yeah, that's it, do
it, sis, take it, shit, here it comes, I'm gonna...yeah....take it
all...NOWWW..."
	And as his climax hit him, Raymond clutched her hair even more tightly
and pulled her head off his cock, then spurted his come all over her face.
Holding her there so she couldn't move away, he sent jet after jet of sperm
shooting across her eyes, her nose, her mouth, and into her hair. He seemed to
go on coming for a very long time. When he was finished he let her go and
collapsed into the nearest chair. Cindy fell back onto the floor.
	"All right, Cindy," her father said. "I'm tempted to have you do me
again, but that can wait until you get back. Go clean yourself up now, and get
dressed for your date. And don't take longer than ten minutes. You're making
Chet miss the dance."
                               #
	Cindy came back wearing a lovely blue dress which showed off her
excellent figure without being blatant about it. She was perfectly though not
ostentatiously made up, and she looked as pretty as ever. Cindy's father had
been engaging Chet in a friendly discussion about football to pass the time,
while her brother had gone off about his own business. Now Chet stood up, hoping
that his hard-on had diminished enough not to be obtrusive. Cindy's father
showed them out the door, cautioning Chet to have his daughter back by one
o'clock. Chet promised he would.
	Neither of them said a word until they were in Chet's car and he had
started the engine. Then Cindy turned to him. "Listen," she said fiercely. "If
you tell anybody about this, I'll kill you. You understand? You say one word to
anyone--ever--I swear I'll get back at you, I swear it!"
	Chet blinked. "Okay," he said. He was still staggering mentally under
the impact of the scene he had witnessed. He hadn't thought about telling
anyone. He hadn't really thought about anything. "Okay, I won't."
	They did not speak again until he was turning into the school parking
lot. Then Cindy turned to him again. "I mean it, Chet, okay? You can't tell
anybody about--what you saw. It was just--it was something that--that's nobody
else's businesss, okay? So just keep your mouth shut. All right, Chet? Promise
me."
	There was something subtly different about her manner this time, less
threatening, more anxious. But her tone was still snotty, and even
condescending. Chet did not answer immediately as he searched for a parking
spot. He was thinking that he wished she would be nicer to him. After all, she
was asking him for a favor, even though the way she put it sounded more like a
demand. But still...
	He found a spot and turned the car in, then turned off the engine. "Hey,
Cindy?" he said.
	"What?"
	"I'm not gonna tell anybody, okay? I mean, I told you that, right? But
listen--don't you think--I mean, especially since you want me to keep my mouth
shut and all--don't you think you could be...like...kind of nicer to me, instead
of--you know..."
	In the dim light from the parking lot lamps her face suddenly hardened,
her eyes narrowing. "What do you mean?" she demanded.
	He shrugged. "I just mean I think you should be nice to me," he said
simply.
	Cindy's body stiffened. Her voice, when it came, was a cold, harsh
whisper that startled him almost as much as her words. "You filthy fucking son
of a bitch!" she said.
	He looked at her in surprise. "What?"
	"You think you can blackmail me?" she went on. "You think I'll go down
for you like I did for them, just so you won't spread that around? You think you
can have me that easily? Is that what you think, you little feeble-minded
dweeb?"
	He was so astonished that it took him a minute to absorb what she was
saying. She thought he wanted to blackmail her for sex! For a moment the idea
stirred something in him, making his mouth dry. But no. It was obvious that that
wouldn't work. Besides, it had been so far from his mind that he couldn't even
consider it seriously.
	"Hey!" he said, shaking his head. "Hey, no--wait a minute--Jesus, Cindy,
I don't--that's not what I'm talking about. Come on! Listen, all I meant--I just
mean, you know, you always, well, you're always so snobbish, you know? When
you--when you talk to me, it's like I'm a bug or something. Especially in front
of everybody, it's--well, it's embarrassing, you know? Now you--you're so--I
mean, I thought maybe you didn't know what it was like to be embarrassed,
but--but now--well, I guess you do. Okay, I'm not going to embarrass you more by
telling people what you don't want me to tell them, but I just thought--you
know, we're on this date here and all, and I just thought instead of treating me
like crap, you might just act a little nicer, that's all. Like maybe you really
wanted to be out with me. Like maybe I wasn't such a terrible guy. Such a loser.
That's all I meant. You know?"
	Cindy looked at him in silence for what seemed like a long time. "Okay,"
she said finally. "Let me get this straight. You're saying if I don't put you
down in front of the other kids--if I play up to you tonight, and act all
lovey-dovey and make believe you're like some cool adonis stud and all--then
you're giving me your word you'll forget about what happened at my house, and
you'll never say a word about it. Is that what you're saying?"
	Of course that wasn't what he was saying at all, really. For one thing,
he still hadn't meant to threaten her with telling; he hadn't been trying to
make a bargain. For another, he hadn't wanted it to be an act--he had wanted her
to be genuinely nice to him, to look at him as though he were a person, not an
inferior object. But he knew in his heart that this was the best he was going to
get, and he decided he would be a fool if he didn't settle for that.
	"Well, yeah," he said, shrugging. "Something like that, anyway."
	Cindy nodded slowly. "Okay, Chet," she said. "You got a deal. Let's go."
And she opened the car door and got out, heading for the school building. Chet
hastily locked the car and followed her.
	As they entered the gym, where the dance was in progress, Cindy took his
hand. She smiled brilliantly as they came through the door, and she turned to
him to include him in her smile. Chet felt overwhelmed. He knew that a lot of
eyes would be watching as the pretty and popular Cindy Arnett made her entrance,
and she was already playing her part, showing him off as her escort. She
continued to hold his hand as they moved slowly through the crowd, greeting
friends and stopping to chat briefly here and there. Many people seemed
surprised to see her with Chet, especially displaying such apparent intimacy,
but no one said anything. Now they were approaching a group of Cindy's closest
friends: Rachel Harris, Melanie Bryan, Norma Veney, Sallie Jussel, Armina
Banks--the reigning clique, the most popular girls in the school. All of them,
Chet saw, were looking at him in more or less obvious disbelief. Some of them
were openly staring. Melanie Bryan didn't bother to stifle a giggle as they
approached.
	Cindy's smile never wavered. "Hi, guys," she greeted them. "Chet, you
know everybody, right?" To his astonishment, she released his hand to snuggle
closer to his side and slip her arm around his waist. "Chet's my guy for
tonight," she said brightly. Most of the girls looked as startled as he
suspected he did. Cindy turned to him then, smiled into his eyes and said in a
soft, intimate voice, "Dance with me, honey, okay?"
	"Sure," he managed, and a moment later they were on the dance floor,
though he could barely hear the music over the pounding of his heart. Cindy
moved close to him, taking his hand, he was moving somehow. She was still
smiling up at him. "How am I doing?" she whispered.
	"Fine," he said. It came out as a croak, and he had to swallow before he
could continue. "Fine, Cindy. You're doing just fine. Great." She laughed
softly, as though he had said something really amusing, and then as the music
segued into a slow ballad, she moved even closer to him, her body melting into
his.
	He was dancing automatically, still not sure of the beat but
instinctively following her movements. He could feel the soft swaying of her
body, the pressure of her breasts pushing into his chest, the movement of her
thighs against his. Her head was against his shoulder, and he felt her warm
breath on his neck. His own breathing was rapid, and he could feel his cock
getting hard. He couldn't do anything to stop it.
	Cindy felt it too. He heard her low, soft laugh again. She didn't move
away; if anything, she pressed herself more firmly against the hardness. But she
whispered in his ear, "Remember this is all make-believe, Chet. Okay?"
	He nodded. Of course it was. It was all an act, and she still thought
him a dweeb and a loser. Afterwards she would probably giggle with her
girlfriends, explaining to them what a great act she put on, what a sucker he
was. Though of course she wouldn't tell them why. And he suddenly remembered her
as he had seen her earlier that evening, on her knees, naked, crawling, sucking
her father's cock. Being whipped. Screaming. Sucking her brother's cock.
Sobbing.
	He was almost panting now, his cock was throbbing as it rubbed against
Cindy's body. And Cindy was laughing, saying, "Hey, you don't want to come right
here on the dance floor, do you, Chet? We better sit down for a while."
	He could barely walk, and his erection embarrassed him. As they came off
the dance floor he excused himself to go to the men's room. There he shut
himself in a booth and jerked off. He thought of Cindy, of course. Naked and
sucking and sobbing. It didn't take long.
	The rest of the evening was a blur. Cindy continued to act as though she
was really attracted to him, and he could see that a lot of people were changing
their opinion of him, setting him higher in their estimation, simply because he
had the stamp of Cindy Arnett's approval. His whole life at school could well
change because of this evening. He wasn't sure how he felt about that. He danced
with Cindy some more, and at one point had to jerk off again. He also danced
with some other girls, including several of Cindy's special friends. It was
funny to see them sizing him up, trying to see what had sparked Cindy's sudden
interest. Again, he supposed they, at least, would learn the truth soon enough.
Or part of the truth.
	They left the dance about twelve-thirty. Outside her house, Cindy bid
him goodnight. "I'd ask you in," she said, half-jokingly, "but I think my father
has plans for me." Chet thought he heard a note of real fear under the joking
tone. Surprisingly, it thrilled him. Then she said, "Well, I kept my part of the
deal, didn't I, Chet?"
	"Yes, you did, Cindy," he  said. "You surely did."
	"And you'll keep yours, right?"
	"I will," he said. "I promise."
	He really meant it too. But he didn't count on Jenna Quaid.
                                  #
	She approached him after the last period at school, the Monday after the
dance. The story of how he had been Cindy's date at the dance, and how she had
acted toward him, had gotten around, and he had already noticed that some of the 
guys, and some of the girls too, had been looking at him a little differently.
People greeted him in the halls who had never bothered to greet him before. Some
of the boys he was friendly with asked him about Cindy--how he had managed to
get a date with her, what she was like, how come her attitude toward him had
changed so much, and, of course, how far he had gotten with her. To all the
questions Chet just shrugged and smiled and said stuff like, "Hey, I'm a bad
dude, what can I tell you?" It made him feel terrific.
	He wasn't exactly friendly with Jenna Quaid, but she was in several of
his classes, and they had worked on a science project together and gotten along
okay. He had even thought about asking her out, but never had, although unlike
Cindy, she had never put him down or made him feel inferior in any way. She
didn't have Cindy's radiant beauty, but she was attractive enough, with long
dark hair, dark eyes and a body that was slender but well-rounded in the right
places. She didn't have a boy friend, but she had the vague reputation of having
been around, of being experienced. That was one of the reasons Chet had thought
about asking her out, and also probably one of the reasons why he hadn't done
so.
	She caught him at his locker as he was packing up to go home. "Hi,
Chet," she said.
	He was surprised. "Hey, hi, Jenna. How you doing?"
	"Pretty good. Talk to you a minute?"
	"Um...sure. I'm just leaving. You leaving?"
	"Yeah." They walked toward the main door together.
	"So I saw you at the dance with Cindy Arnett on Friday," Jenna said as
they left the school.
	"Oh, yeah."
	"You two seemed to be getting along great. I mean, hey, she was all over
you."
	Chet shrugged, blushing a little.
	"I didn't know you were such a stud, Chet," Jenna said.
	He wasn't sure what to say. This wasn't like the guys questioning him,
this was different. He wondered if Jenna was jealous. No, probably not. Just
curious or something. "Hey, come on," he said, trying to sound modest.
	They were at the bottom of the school steps now. "Hey, listen, Chet,
could you give me a ride home?" Jenna asked. "Phyllis is out today and I usually
ride with her, and I don't really feel like taking the bus. Can you?"
	"Oh, sure," he said. "Sure, come on, my car's over here." They began to
walk toward the parking lot.
	When they were in the car Jenna said, "Wait, Chet, don't start yet,
okay? I want to talk to you."
	He turned to her, puzzled. "What's this about, Jenna?"
	"It's about Cindy. I want to know what's going on with her. I mean, I've
seen the way she usually acts with you. Just like she acts with most guys--most
people, really--mean and nasty, right?  And with you maybe even more so, because
you're--well, she thinks you're a real jerk, right? A dweeb. At least she did.
And now all of a sudden she goes out with you and she acts like she's crazy
about you? Come on. It doesn't make sense. And I want to know the real story."
	Chet was taken aback. "I don't--I mean I don't know what--I mean, she
just--"
	"She just what? Did she find out you have a real big dick or something?
Is that it? Because I don't know what else would make a girl like her--Do you,
Chet? Do you have a big one? Come on, you can tell me."
	"No! I mean, I--Christ, Jenna! I mean it's not small or anything, but
it's just a regular--oh shit. What are you--what do you--"
	"Show it to me," Jenna said.
	Chet stared at her.
	"I mean it. I want to see it. It has to be pretty good to turn Cindy
around like that." She looked at him intently. "Or is it something else?" she
asked.
	"What do you mean? And hey, why are you so interested in Cindy, for
god's sake? Why do you--" A thought suddenly hit him. Maybe she was jealous, not
of Cindy, but of him. "Hey, you--are you hot for her or something? Jenna? Are
you--I mean, you like girls or what?"
	"No!" Jenna said. "No, I don't, Chet. That's not it. And," she added
after a pause, "if you show me that cock of yours I'll prove it to you." She
paused again. "And if you tell me about you and Cindy."
	Chet's cock started to get hard.
	"But--but why, then?" he said weakly.
	Jenna tossed her head impatiently. "Look," she said. "I heard some
things about Cindy once, okay? Some stories. I don't know how true they are, but
when I went to visit my uncle in Ohio last summer, I met somebody who knew her
at the last school she went to, before she moved here. He told me--well, it
might have been bullshit, I don't know. But I want to find out. I really want to
find out, Chet. So tell me what's going on here, and you won't be sorry, okay?"
	Chet swallowed. "Jenna, Jesus," he said. "I can't--I mean, even if I had
anything to tell you, I couldn't--but there's nothing..."
	"Well, it must be your big cock then," Jenna said. "Take it out for me,
Chet."
	Chet stared again. "Right here?" he said. "Are you crazy?"
	"Most everybody's gone by now," Jenna said. "Nobody's gonna see us
here."
	He took a deep breath. "I'm going to take you home," he said, and he put
the key, which he had been holding in his hand, into the ignition.
	Jenna reached over to his fly and pulled down his zipper.
	"Jesus!" Chet said. But he didn't stop her.
	Her fingers dipped into his fly and quickly pulled out his cock, which
was throbbing into complete erectness under her touch. Chet looked around
wildly. There was no one in sight, and the parking lot was behind the school
building. He could only hope nobody came along.
	"You're right," Jenna said. "It's not huge or anything. It's not bad
though." Her fingers stroked him. He stiffened.
	"Jenna, for god's sake. Listen, I can't tell you about--I can't tell you
anything. Okay? I'm sorry. I--I promised, okay?"
	Jenna shifted on the seat, getting her knees under her and crouching
over him, lowering her head so that her mouth was close to his penis. She blew
on it softly. He felt her warm breath.
	"You can tell me, Chet. I won't tell anybody. I just have to know. Tell
me, Chet." She breathed on his rod again. Chet moaned.
	"For Christ sake, Jenna...I can't...I promised...please..."
	Jenna stuck out her tongue and, using just the tip, very gently and
slowly licked the underside of his cock, from base to tip. Chet let out a hoarse
groan and his bottom arched off the seat.
	"I'll do anything you want, Chet," Jenna whispered. "Anything. Just tell
me."
	Chet was only human, and he didn't get a lot of chances like this. He
told her.
	Jenna listened to every word, her fingers stroking his cock, her mouth
still close enough for him to feel her breath. That breath became more and more
rapid as his story went on,  until when he finished she was actually panting.
"Oh god!" she breathed, raising her head. Chet saw that her eyes were gleaming
strangely. "Oh Jesus god. It's true. I-Oh Christ. Chet. Christ. Move over." She
was tugging at him, urging him out from behind the steering wheel. He slid over
on the seat, and as he did so Jenna reached under her skirt and pulled down her
panties, hastily working them off over her feet. Then she pulled her skirt up to
her waist, and he was able to get a quick glimpse of dark pubic hair before she
was on top of him, straddling him, her hand grasping his penis and guiding it
into her pussy, which was damp and ready. He gasped loudly as she slid down over
him, taking him in until he was buried inside her and she was sitting on his
thighs. Immediately she began to move, hunching herself up and down, her ragged
breathing loud in his ear.
	"Oh god," she moaned. "Oh god...oh yes...oh do it...oh god...they did
that to her...they beat her...they made her suck them...oh Christ...her own
father.... Jesus... Ohhh...unnnhhhh....aahhh...."
	Chet, totally unprepared for this passionate onslaught, had a struggle
to keep from coming almost immediately. Though he succeeded, he knew he couldn't
last long with this moaning, writhing, twisting girl humping away so abandonedly
on top of him. When the first paralyzing shock of her attack had passed, he
reached for her blouse and pulled it open, careless of the popping buttons. Her
brassiere hooked in front, and he managed to get it open in spite of the eager
clumsiness of his hands and the bouncing and twisting of her body. Her full
round breasts filled his hands, and when he pulled her to him and sucked one of
them into his mouth, Jenna screamed and climaxed. Her wildly spasming vagina
took him over the edge as well, and he shot his seed up into her twisting body.
	They rested for a moment, panting hard. Neither of them said anything.
Then Jenna slowly and carefully pulled herself off him and settled herself back
on the seat, reaching down to find her panties and slip them back into place.
Chet stuffed his sticky cock into his pants and zipped his fly, looking around
apprehensively to make sure they were still unobserved.
	"Okay, Chet," Jenna said. "You can take me home now."
                                #
   	Raymond Arnett, Cindy's brother, had just come out of the boys' room
during the lunch hour when Jenna stopped him.
	"Hi, Ray," she said.
	Raymond scowled at her. "Who are you?" he asked.
	"I'm Jenna. Jenna Quaid. I'm a sophomore. I'm--I know your sister. I
mean--sort of."
	"So what?" Raymond said.
	"Well, I'd--I'd just like to talk to you for a minute. Okay?"
	"I gotta go eat," Raymond said.
	"But you might find this interesting, Ray. It's about Cindy, okay? Cindy
and--and you."
	Raymond frowned darkly. "What about Cindy and me? What are you talking
about?"
	Jenna took a breath. "Listen, Ray. Just listen, okay? I'm not--I don't
want to make any trouble, all right? I mean it. That's not what--"
	"Hey!" Raymond said. "What the fuck are you getting at? You think you
got something to say, fuckin' say it, okay?"
	"Okay. Okay. Just let me--it's just that I--I've heard...things...that
I'm--that I want--"
	"Things?" Raymond looked around. There were only a few people in the
hallway, most of the students being in the cafeteria or eating their lunch
outside.  He took Jenna's arm and drew her to one side of the corrridor. He
opened a door and pulled her into an empty classroom, then shut the door behind
them. "Things?" he repeated. "What kind of things? What the fuck you mean?"
	"Well, things," Jenna said, a little breathlessly. "I mean, interesting
things. Stories. About--about you and Cindy...and...and your father...and what
you..."
	Raymond was staring at her, his eyes burning. Suddenly he grasped both
her arms, clutching them tightly, and shook her slightly. "Bitch!" he exclaimed.
"You fucking bitch! Who--what are you--"
	Jenna gave a low cry of pain, then began to breathe heavily. "You're
hurting me," she gasped. But it wasn't a complaint. "You're hurting me." It was
a moan. Of pleasure.
	Ray only dug his fingers harder into her arms. "Ohhh," Jenna breathed.
Her eyes closed. "Ray," she gasped. "Ray...." Her body arched toward him, only
his grip on her arms keeping her from pressing herself against him.
	Raymond scowled at her. "What the hell's the matter with you?" He flung
her away from him, and she stumbled back against the wall. "Are you some kind of
freak? You get off on being hurt, or what?"
	Jenna crossed her arms in front of her, her hands rubbing the places
where Roy's fingers had bruised her flesh, rubbing them hard. "That's what I'm
trying to tell you, Ray," she said breathlessly. "If you'll just listen. Those
things you do to Cindy...hurting her..." Her voice got hoarser. "Whipping
her..."
	"Goddam it!" Raymond lunged toward her and grabbed her by the hair,
pulling her head back brutally. Jenna cried out. "Who told you about that?" he
shouted. "Who the fuck told you?"
	"Ray..." Jenna's voice was full of pain, and of passion, but Raymond did
not notice.
	"Tell me, goddam it! Was it that Chet Browder asshole? I'll kill him."
He yanked harder on her hair. "Was it?"
	"Aaahhh! Yes!" Jenna cried. "But I--I made him. It was my fault, Ray.
Honest!"
	"I'll kill the fucking bastard," Raymond repeated. He let go of her hair
now and pushed her away.
	Jenna was panting hard, letting out little whimpers between breaths. Her
hands reached for him now, scrabbling at his trousers. "Ray," she moaned. "Ray,
please. Let me--" Before he knew what was happening she had pulled down his
zipper and released his cock.
	"What the fuck--" Ray said, but her mouth was on him now, taking him in,
devouring him, and her lips were sucking him up and down, her tongue stroking
the hardening flesh, her throat producing a series of muffled moans, whimpers,
gasps, and mewling noises as she took him deeper and deeper. Her hands clutched
at his buttocks, trying to pull him still deeper into her frenziedly sucking
mouth.
	Raymond, in the midst of the incredible pleasure her mouth was giving
him, came dimly to realize what was happening. This cunt really did get off on
being hurt! To test this theory, he took her hair in his hand again and twisted
sharply. Her mouth opened to let out a shriek of agony; but a moment later,
although he did not lessen his grip on her hair, she was sucking him harder than
ever, her moans louder, her movements more wild. Within a minute Raymond let out
a roar and shot his come uncontrollably into her throat, still not letting go of
her hair. Jenna swallowed it all down and sucked for more. Even after he had
given her everything he had, she still kept sucking on his softened cock,
moaning and gasping and clutching him to her.
	When at last he pulled away from her and stepped back, releasing her
hair, she fell to the floor, taking in great rasping breaths, her body still
trembling with passion. "Jesus H. Christ!" Raymond said. "Fuck, you give one
hell of a blowjob, girl, but what the fuck is your problem?"
	"Please--" Jenna gasped, almost sobbing now. "Please, Ray--oh god,
please..."
	"Please what?" Raymond demanded. "What is this all about anyway? What
the hell do you want?"
	Jenna lowered herself further against the floor, her body writhing,
literally grovelling at his feet.
	"I want to be your slave," she said.
                                     #
	Raymond didn't tell his sister how he found out that Chet had let out
the story of what he had witnessed that night. He just told her it was true,
cursing at her all the while for being careless enough not to make sure Chet's
lips were sealed. Cindy didn't pay him much mind. He had no power over her,
except through their father; it was only at his orders that Raymond would dare
to molest her in any way--which was why, when he did get that chance, he was so
eagerly enthusiastic about it. But Cindy was also angry to hear that Chet had
broken his promise to her, although as far as she could see the story had not
gotten around. She sought him out and said she wanted to talk to him alone. Chet
somewhat nervously went with her to her car.
	"You low son of a bitch!" was the first thing she said to him. "You
promised me you wouldn't tell, you piece of shit! We had a deal. Don't try to
deny it, asshole, I know you told somebody. My brother knows too, and I'm
surprised he hasn't beaten you up already."
	"Cindy, I--I'm sorry," Chet replied humbly. "Look, I only told one
person, and--and I really couldn't help it. Nobody else knows, and I'm sure--"
	"I don't give a crap if you only told your dog!" Cindy blazed. "You
weren't supposed to open your stupid mouth! After what I did--Christ, showing
myself off with you and pretending to even like you! What a laugh! I had to
force myself through every minute of that dumb act. I could hardly stand to look
at you, if you want to know the truth. Every second I was dancing with you I
wanted to throw up! Because you really make me sick, you shithead loser dork! If
you ever so much as talk to me again I'll spit on you! You got that? Now go back
to the cesspool where you belong." And with that she got into her car and drove
away.
	Chet went back to school. He didn't really care if Raymond did beat him
up. It couldn't make him feel worse than Cindy had.
                                     #
	"That jerk guy Cindy went out with told somebody about what happened,"
Raymond said as he, Cindy and their father sat around the dinner table.
	His father looked up sharply.
	"Yes, but I don't think it's gotten around," Cindy said quickly.
	"Me neither," Raymond said. He had not told either of them about Jenna.
"I got it covered okay. Nothing to worry about. But I'm gonna have to deal with
him."
	"I already did," Cindy said. "I told him off good. Really let him have
it. I don't think he's going to say anything more."
	"Wait a minute," Cindy's father said, in a tone that for some reason
made Cindy stop eating and freeze. "You told that Chet boy off? You were rude to
him? Is that what you said, Cindy?"
	Cindy swallowed. "Daddy, he shot his mouth off! He promised me he
wouldn't, he gave me his word, and he told!"
	"Cindy," her father said. "Didn't I tell you to be nice to that boy?"
	"But--but Daddy, that was--"
	"Didn't I, Cindy?"
	"Yes, but--"
	"And you disobeyed me?"
	Cindy started to speak again, but then fell silent. She understood that
no logic, no explanation, no appeal to reason would avail her now. She had
turned very pale.
	"I think you will have to make it up to him, Cindy."
	"Daddy, please--" Cindy whispered.
	"After dinner you will call Chet up and invite him over this evening.
Then we will see if we can't think up a little entertainment for him."
	Cindy was unable to eat any more. In fact, she had to excuse herself to
go into the bathroom and throw up.
                                    #
	Chet, of course, was quite surprised when Cindy called him and invited
him over. He didn't know what to expect when he showed up at Cindy's house, but
whatever it was he didn't expect to enjoy it very much. Still, he hadn't been
able to bring himself to say no.
	Cindy's father answered the door and let him in. When they were seated
in the living room he offered him a drink, which Chet declined.
	"Well, Chet," Cindy's father began. "I expect you were rather surprised
to hear from Cindy tonight, after the way she treated you earlier today."
	Chet swallowed. "Well, yes, sir, I was."
	"Of course. Cindy is really such a headstrong girl. When I heard about
it, I thought it would be only right if she could make it up to you in some way.
Actually, I've decided to let you choose the way yourself. She's waiting for you
upstairs, Chet. Why don't you go up and see her now? You may have an hour with
her. And you may do anything you want with her in that time." And with that
Cindy's father leaned back in his chair, picked up a newspaper and started to
read.
	Chet stared at him for a long moment. Finally Cindy's father lowered his
paper. "Well, Chet? Is there anything else?"
	"I--uh--no, sir."
	"Then go ahead. Cindy's waiting," Cindy's father said, and raised his
newspaper again.
	Chet got up slowly. His knees felt wobbly. He made his way to the stairs
and started up.
	He didn't know which one was Cindy's room--assuming Cindy was in her
room--and he was about to knock on the nearest door when he heard sounds coming
from a room down the hall. The sounds were of heavy breathing, labored and
interspersed with whimpers. The door to the room was open, and he stepped up to
it and looked in.
	And nearly fainted.
	Cindy, stark naked, was hanging by her wrists in the middle of the room,
her body suspended by a stout rope from what looked like a pulley set into the
ceiling. Black leather manacles were fastened around her wrists, and the rope
was secured to the short chain that ran between them. She was hanging free, with
her toes several inches off the floor, her arms stretched high over her head and
pulled taut by the weight of her body. That body was straining in every inch,
the flesh tight over her ribs and torso, her breasts pulled high on her chest,
almost flattened under the strain. Her curvy legs dangled helplessly, her feet
reflexively but vainly reaching for the floor they couldn't touch. Her head was
hanging back, her long blonde hair falling almost to her ass, her mouth open and
gasping, emitting the agonized sounds he had heard in the hall.
	He made some kind of sound himself, and Cindy, hearing him, raised her
head. Her eyes were indescribable.
	"Chet..." she gasped. "Take me down. For god's sake take me down."
	Chet moved slowly into the room. His first impulse was to do as she
asked, but something held him back. He stood for a moment, just staring at her.
	"Chet, please. Get me down. There's--there's a switch over there. On the
wall. Just--just turn it on. Please Chet, I can't take any more, please!"
	Chet looked. There was indeed a switch by the door, evidently some kind
of control for the pulley. He moved toward it. Then he stopped and turned back
to her.
	"Chet, damn it! Oh god, I can't--Please. Oh please."
	Chet was suddenly aware that he was hard.
	"Wait," he said. He moved to the bed at one side of the room and sat on
the edge of it, not taking his eyes from her. From her dangling, helpless,
agonized body.
	Her breath was coming harder than ever, and she was moaning now. Her
rope-suspended body turned slowly, back and forth, giving him views of her from
different angles. He was fascinated. And very aroused. "Oh god, Chet, I can't
stand it! Please, I'm begging you, please! How can you do this to me?"
	His own breath was quickened now. "Hey, Cindy," he said finally. "Don't
you remember what you said to me this afternoon?"
	"Chet, listen--"
	"You know, how I make you sick and all? How I'm such a loser and a dork,
and how you wanted to throw up when you were with me? Remember that, Cindy?"
	"Chet, I-I'm sorry, Chet, I'm sorry, honest, I didn't mean it, please
Chet, I'm--"
	"Oh, I think you meant it all right," Chet said. "You sounded very
sincere, Cindy. You said you never wanted to see me again. So why should I do
anything for you, Cindy?"
	"Chet. Jesus. I can't stand it. I'm--I beg you. I'll make it up to you,
Chet. I swear. I'll--I'll do--"
	"What?" Chet said. "What will you do, Cindy?"
	Cindy closed her eyes. Tears ran down her face. Her voice, hoarse and
breathless,  sounded strangled. "I'll do anything," she got out  "Anything, all
right? Just get me down, for god's sake!"
	"Well that sounds good, Cindy, but you know what? Your father already
told me I could do anything I wanted with you. Anything, he said. So why should
I bargain with you, Cindy?"
	Cindy began to cry in earnest. Agony and despair were mingled in her
sobs. Chet wondered if his cock had ever been so hard before. He stood up, with
the idea of releasing it from his pants, maybe even taking his clothes off.
After all, if he could do anything with Cindy...the possibilities crowded his
brain. As he stood his eye lit on a low table near the bed. His eyes and his
mind had been so full of Cindy that he had not paid much notice to his
surroundings. Now he saw that there were a group of objects laid out on the
table. They had evidently been placed there for his possible use. One of them
was the leash Cindy had worn the other night. The one Raymond had beaten her
with. Next to it was a small whip that looked like a riding crop. There was also
a rubber paddle, and several clamps of various sorts. In addition there was an
instrument Chet didn't recognize. It was a cylindrical device with a pronged tip
and a button on the side. He picked it up curiously. Whatever it was, it looked
wicked. He held it away from him and pressed the button. It made a loud zapping
sound, and the prongs vibrated and sparked.
	Cindy heard the noise and opened her eyes, which widened with fright as
she saw what Chet was holding. She shook her head from side to side
instinctively while she tried to form words.
	"Some kind of an electrical thing," Chet said. "I bet it really hurts,
right, Cindy?"
	"No," Cindy said hoarsely. "Chet, no. No, you can't. Please, Chet, for
god's sake please. I'll do anything you want, I swear."
	"You said that already, Cindy. But I'm kind of curious now." He moved
toward her.
	The pulley creaked as she reflexively tried to pull away from him. Her
useless struggles only increased the strain on her arms and shoulders. "Chet no,
Chet I beg you, don't do that, listen, Chet, please, I swear, I'll be so good to
you, I'll be good to you always, no Chet, no, Christ no..."
	"Damn, this must really be something," Chet said. "Let's just see." He
was close to her now. He reached out and placed the tip of the device on the
side of her upper thigh and pressed the button.
	He didn't know what to expect, but her reaction exceeded his wildest
imaginings. She gave an ear-splitting scream and her whole body convulsed,
curling up on itself in the air, her legs, bent almost double, rising up to her
waist, her upper body twisting and hunching. The spasms lasted for several
moments as the pulley creaked wildly, and then she was hanging again, shaking
and twitching, groaning and sobbing, her legs still kicking faintly.
	"Wow," Chet said.
	He unzipped his pants now, and freed his rigid cock. "Look what you do
to me, Cindy. Look what all your pain and your suffering does to me. I didn't
know I was like that, Cindy, but you bring it out in me. You sweet suffering
bitch. You gotta do something about this, Cindy. But first I want to zap you
again."
	Cindy gave a shout of terror. "NO!" she cried. "No, Chet, no more, Chet,
god..." He was standing in front of her now, and with a tremendous effort she
swayed her body toward him, raising her legs and hooking them around his hips,
arching as close to him as she could. The strain and pain on her shoulders and
arms must have been intense, but she held herself that way. Chet stepped closer
to her, letting her press herself against him, letting her squirming body rub
against his. "Chet, please. I'll be yours, I'll be anything you want, don't do
that, I can't stand it, I beg you, I beg you...Chet...take me, do anything to
me...oh god please...."
	"But you said you can't stand me, Cindy," Chet said. "I'm a loser. I'm
an asshole. I make you throw up, remember? You don't want to throw up, do you,
Cindy?"
	Her legs clutched him harder, her voice a continuous pain-filled gasp.
"I'm sorry, god, I said I'm sorry, Chet, I'll make it up to you, I'll--"
	Since she was several inches off the floor, and since he was a bit
taller, her mouth was on a level with his. "I want you to kiss me, Cindy," Chet
said, interrupting her babbling. "You hear? I want you to kiss me good. Real
good. And try not to throw up, Cindy, because I won't like that. Kiss me like
you love me, Cindy. Like you can't wait to fuck me. And don't stop till I tell
you. You understand, Cindy?"
	Cindy nodded spastically, her eyes wild with fear and desperation. She
brought her head forward and pressed her mouth to his, her open, quivering,
panting, gasping, moaning mouth, and she did her best to kiss him as he wanted.
Her head rolled from side to side as she plastered her trembling lips against
his, and her tongue went into his mouth. She still sobbed and made inarticulate
sounds in her throat as she struggled to take in air through her nostrils, but
her tongue snaked against his, writhed in his mouth, probed it searchingly, then
reached as far as it could, as though trying to slide down his throat. All the
time she held onto him with her clutching legs, her groin rubbing against his
hard-on and her tautly straining breasts heaving against his chest.
	He let her go on kissing him for a full minute, loving her enforced
obedience and the sounds of her agony almost as much as the pleasure she was
giving him with her mouth and body. But when he felt that his cock was ready to
erupt from the rubbing of her squirming torso, he pulled away from her and
stepped back. Cindy gave a cry of anguish as her full weight fell once more upon
her exhausted arms.
	"That was nice, Cindy," he said. "That's a great mouth you have. Really
great. I want to fuck it, Cindy. Just like your father did, and your brother.
Fuck it and come in it and watch you swallow my cream. Just for starters. Okay,
Cindy?"
	Cindy again nodded her head and began to beg him to take her down.
	"But first," Chet said, "another little zap." And he raised the
electrical device and placed it against the underside of her breast.
	Cindy screamed frantically. Again she tried desperately to pull herself
away somehow, anyhow, tried to pull herself up by her now useless arms, but
there was nowhere to go, she had no strength left, and Chet kept the instrument
where it was, his hand on the button. "NOOOO!" Cindy shouted, her voice hoarse
with terror, trying vainly to pull herself up by tugging against the rope. "NO
NO PLEASE CHET NO GOD NO I CAN'T NO CHET NOOOOOO..."
	He pushed the button.
	"NOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGHHHHHHH!" Cindy howled, and this time Chet
wondered if she might break the rope, stout as it appeared, with the convulsive
gyrations of her body, which thrashed and flailed and flopped about for a good
thirty seconds before again hanging helplessly. Streams of sweat rolled down her
skin, and she sounded as though she was strangling for real as she fought to get
breath into her lungs through her wide-open mouth. Her head hung back limply, as
it had when Chet first entered the room, her face now twisted with an agony that
made her at once ugly and beautiful.
	Her contortions had left her body swinging from side to side, and Chet
reached out to stop it. Not that he wanted to ease her pain, but he couldn't
keep his hands off her any longer. Her taut, damp flesh felt wonderful under his
hands. He slid them up to her breasts, cupping the slightly flattened but still
luscious mounds, then took her nipples between his fingers and twisted them
hard.
	This new torment had its gratifying results in a further cry and an
almost incomprehensible plea from the hanging girl, but Chet's lust for sexual
gratification was finally growing stronger than his pleasure in her pain. The
cries and sobs and whimpers emerging continuously from that lovely open mouth
further inflamed his desire to fuck it. He went over to the wall control,
prepared finally to let her down.
	It was a two-way switch, with no indication of which end was which. He
pressed one end experimentally. There was a hum of machinery and the pulley
started to turn, but it was the wrong way. Cindy moaned piteously as her body
rose slowly, heading for the ceiling. Chet took his hand off the switch and the
movement stopped. He pressed the other end, and the rope slowly played out as
the hanging form descended.
	Cindy gave a cry of relief as her feet made contact with the floor. She
was unable to stand, however, and she continued to hang by her arms as the rope
lowered her further, finally falling onto her knees. Her position gave Chet a
sudden idea, and he took his finger off the switch again, leaving Cindy kneeling
upright, her arms still stretched tightly over her head, her breasts still
pulled up, her body virtually unable to move. Cindy cried out again, this time
with apprehension, as Chet came over to her.
	"That's perfect, Cindy," he said. "The perfect position." His cock was
still sticking out of his pants, still rigid, still throbbing. He stepped as
close to her as he could and jabbed it at her face. "Suck me, Cindy," he said.
"Suck the loser who makes you throw up. Suck him good."
	And Cindy did. She still emitted the occasional sob, the frequent moan,
the almost continuous panting. But she took him into her mouth and gave him the
best blow job she was capable of, and by far the best that Chet had ever
experienced. She used her tongue and her lips and her throat, and she sucked him
so well that, although he tried his best to make it last, he was unable to hold
out and it was over far too soon. He came so violently that instead of making
her swallow his sperm, he inadvertently pulled out of her mouth and shot it all
over her face and her hair. But that was fine too.
	He was still recovering from his orgasm when he heard Cindy's father
calling from downstairs. "Chet? Your time's up, I'm afraid. Finish up and come
downstairs now, please."
	"Yes, sir," Chet replied, hastily stuffing himself back in and zipping
up his fly.
	"Thanks, Cindy," he said.. "Just one more thing before I go." As he
headed for the door he stopped to press the control swtich. The rope pulled up
again, taking Cindy's body with it. Cindy cried and begged and pleaded, but Chet
waited until she was once again hanging from her wrists before taking his finger
from the switch and going out the door. Her moans followed him downstairs.
	"Well, Chet," Cindy's father said. "I hope you enjoyed yourself this
evening."
	"Yes, sir. I did, very much," Chet replied.
	"Good." Cindy's father showed him to the front door. "I hope Cindy won't
give you any more sorrow. But if she does, you're always welcome to come back
again. Would you like that?"
	"Yes sir, I surely would."
	"Fine." He opened the door, and as Chet stepped through it he added, "On
the other hand, Chet--if you ever again say a word to anyone about anything that
has happened in this house, whether the other night or this evening, or any time
in the future--if you do that, Chet, I promise you that you will not live to
graduate. Do I make myself clear, Chet?"
	Chet swallowed hard. He felt cold. "Yes, sir," he said sincerely.
	"Good," Cindy's father said. "You have a good night now." And he closed
the door.
					#                     
	Raymond did not quite know what to do about Jenna.
	It was nice having her at his beck and call, being able to bang her
whenever he wanted, being able to slap her around now and then when he felt like
it without worrying about her complaining to somebody. And she was useful for
things like doing his homework for him and washing his car and stuff. But she
was always wanting more. Wanting to be whipped, for instance. Well, he could
whip her all right, and he did, but the trouble was that she liked it so much.
It really wasn't that much fun hurting a girl who WANTED to be hurt. It got
boring. Besides, she wanted other things too, wanted to be mistreated in other
ways, ways that were not just physical. Her idea of being his slave involved
things that he wasn't sure how to bring about. He realized dimly that she was
giving him the opportunity to use her for anything his imagination could
conceive of. But his imagination was not that fertile.
	He finally decided to consult his father.
					#
	"So you're a slave," Raymond's father said.
	"Yes," Jenna said. Her voice was a little unsteady. Though she was fully
dressed, she felt exposed under this man's steady, penetrating gaze. It seemed
to bore right through to her soul. Her breasts rose and fell rapidly under the
blue summer dress she wore as she stood before him.
	"And you belong to my son."
	She cast a quick glance at Raymond, who was standing to one side. His
father was the only one who was seated.
	"Yes," she said.
	"And since you are evidently too much for my son to handle, he has
passed you on to me. So now you are my slave, is that right?"
	"Yes," Jenna said. "Yes, sir."
	His eyes never left her. "Indeed," he said. "Very well. Go into the
kitchen and cut your little finger off."
	Jenna's eyes got very wide. She stared at him, her face pale. "Wh-what?"
	"I think you heard me, Jenna. The kitchen is through that door. In it
you will find a chopping block and a meat cleaver. Lay your hand on the chopping
block, take the cleaver in your other hand and cut off your little finger. Then
come back."
	Her mouth worked, but for a moment she couldn't speak. "You--you're
crazy!" she gasped.
	"You are not a slave," Raymond's father said. "Slaves obey. Get out of
here."
	"But I--I--"
	"Just get out," Raymond's father said. He picked up his newspaper and
began to read.
	Tears came to Jenna's eyes, and she turned and fled from the house,
sobbing.
	"Damn it, Dad," Raymond said. "You chased her away!"
	"She'll be back," his father said.
					#
	Cindy was always nice to Chet now when they encountered each other at
school. She was, of course, anxious to avoid giving her father a reason to
discipline her for disobeying his instructions, whether or not that discipline
might include a return visit from Chet himself. So whenever he saw her she spoke
to him in a polite and even friendly manner, forcing herself to smile at him.
Even in the presence of her girlfriends, who found her new attitude puzzling.
She may have set them straight after the dance, but now she had reverted again,
and she had no real explanation to give them.
	Chet found this pleasant, of course, but at the same time, ironically
enough, a bit disappointing. He had vivid memories of the hour he had spent in
Cindy's room, and of what had happened there. His mind was full of images of her
naked body, hanging so painfully, or writhing and convulsing in agony. He could
hear the sounds of her screams, of her begging and pleading and crying, and he
could recall the sensations of her breasts in his hands, her body against his,
and her sweet sobbing mouth around his cock. Not surprisingly, he got hard every
time he thought of these things; and even less surprisingly, he had a very
strong desire to experience those sights, sounds and sensations again. And he
remembered vividly how her father had said he would be welcome to come again if
Cindy gave him any more sorrow. Which, of course, was why she was doing her best
to avoid doing that.
	He began to wonder how far she would go.
	It was difficult to find Cindy alone; she was usually surrounded by her
girlfriends or various admirers and hangers-on. But he finally managed it one
afternoon after the last class period, as she was heading from her gym class to
her homeroom.
	"Hi, Cindy," he greeted her.
	He thought he caught a brief flash of something in her eyes when she
first saw him--fear? Anger? Hatred? Or all three. But it was gone in an instant,
and her mouth curved itself into a smile. "Hi, Chet."
	"Talk to you a minute?"
	"Um--okay. I mean, sure."
	He drew her aside. "You've been real nice to me lately, Cindy." he
began.
	Her smile was strained, but it was there. "Well, of course, Chet," she
said.
	"And I guess we both know why, don't we?" Chet said. "Because your
father told you to, and if you don't he'll punish you again. Maybe even let me
punish you again. Right?"
	Her hesitation was brief. "If you say so, Chet."
	"Yeah, I say so. But what I'm wondering is--well, just how nice to me
you're prepared to be, you know what I mean?"
	He saw the flash in her eyes again, but only for a second. "No, I don't
Chet. Not really."
	"Well, you obviously don't want me to feel that you're not treating me
right," Chet said. "You don't want me to be able to tell your father that. So
I'm thinking, if I want you to do some things for me--you know, personal
things--you wouldn't want to turn me down, you know? Because then I might feel
bad. And that's what you don't want. Right, Cindy?"
	He saw her swallow. But she still retained her smile, and her voice when
she spoke was still pleasant, if a bit strained. "Listen, Chet," she said. "I'm
saying this nicely, okay? I don't want to hurt your feelings, and I don't mean
to insult you. All right? But the fact is, I don't think it would be a good idea
for you to get sexual with me without my father's permission. I'm telling you
nicely, Chet. I don't think he would like that."
	"Is that right?" Chet said. "Why would he mind? He seemed just fine with
it the other night."
	The mention of the other night made her smile disappear. But her manner
was still friendly enough. "That was because it was his idea," Cindy said. "But
this isn't, is it, Chet? I don't think he'd want you to make me have sex with
you so he won't punish me. I really don't. You understand, don't you, Chet?"
	The memory of Cindy's father's words as he had left her house now gave
Chet pause. But he hated to give up the idea of forcing Cindy to give him her
body. "Well, I don't know," he said. "I wouldn't want to get your father mad at
me, for sure, but I'm not so sure he would object, Cindy. I'm really not."
	Cindy took a breath. "Do you want to take that chance, Chet?"
	"Not really," Chet said. "But I think we should find out how he really
feels about it, Cindy. Don't you? Then I would know which way to go."
	"How would you find that out, Chet? Are you going to ask him?"
	"No," he said. "You ask him, Cindy."
	She stared. "Me?"
	"Yes, you," Chet said. "He won't get upset if you ask him that, will he?
You're just trying to be an obedient daughter. And if you're right, then you
won't have to fuck me. At least not unless he tells you too. And if you're
wrong, what have you lost? So you ask him, Cindy, and let me know what he says.
Otherwise I'm going to feel very insulted."
	The flash in her eyes this time was definitely fear. "All right," Cindy
said. "I'll ask him."
					#
	"I'd like to ask you something, Daddy," Cindy said.
	Her father put down his newspaper. "What is it, Cindy?"
	She took a breath. "Well...it's about Chet. You--you know how you told
me to be nice to him--treat him respectfully and all..."
	"I certainly hope you have been doing that, Cindy."
	"Oh yes, Daddy. I am. I am, really."
	"Good. Then what's the problem, Cindy?"
	"Well, he wants...I mean, what I'd like to know, Daddy, is...is how far
you want me to go. In being nice to him, I mean."
	"How far?"
	"Yes. I mean, I know you want me to be friendly and not insult him or
make him feel bad or anything, but--but do you want me to do what he wants,
Daddy? I mean--everything he wants?"
	Cindy's father smiled. "I take it this young man is importuning you for
sexual favors. Or I should say, further sexual favors."
	Cindy was looking at the floor. "Yes, Daddy."
	"And who can blame him?" her father said. "And he expects you to grant
these favors as part of your new program of enforced amicability, is that it?"
	"Well, he--he asked me, and I--I said I would have to ask you, because
of course I'll do what you say, Daddy, but I thought you might not want me
to--to have sex with him without your knowing about it, you know?" Cindy's
breathing was a bit ragged and her face was flushed, but not with excitement.
	"I see," her father said. "That's interesting, Cindy. An enterprising
young fellow, our Chet, isn't he? I rather admire him. I'll have to consider the
situation. Perhaps talk to Chet about it directly. Why don't we invite him to
come to dinner tomorrow evening? Then we can all talk about it and see what
happens. All right, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Daddy," Cindy said, and she began to cry softly.
					#
	"Damn it, Ray, why are you doing this to me?" Jenna said.
	"Hey, come on, Jenna," Raymond said. "I told you, my father says I can't
have anything to do with you any more. He says you're a phony. He says--"
	"Oh Christ!" Jenna said. "You know better than that, Ray. Haven't I done
everything you wanted? Didn't I let you hurt me--hell, I begged you to hurt me!
You know how it turns me on! You could do anything to me! You know I'm not a
phony. I mean, Jesus, just because your father--god, he--he didn't really want
me to cut my finger off, did he? I can't believe--I mean, that's so-- He didn't
mean that, did he, Ray?"
	Raymond shrugged. "I dunno. He usually means what he says, all right.
And you know what happened when you didn't do it. You kinda blew your chance
there, didn't you? And you blew it with me too, looks like. Sorry, babe. It's
over."
	"No," Jenna said. "No, Ray, please. I need this. I need to have this.
Please."
	"Damn it, I can't!" Ray said. "Why don't you get somebody else? Hell,
there's lots of guys around who like to hurt girls, I bet. Find one of them to
be a slave to."
	"It's not--" Jenna started. Then she stopped, and went on in a lower
tone. "It's not the same," she said. "I've tried. You don't know. I need someone
who knows. Someone who is really into it. Like I thought you were. Like--like
your father is." She shivered. "Oh god," she said. "He scares me, Ray. He really
scares me. But--but he--he makes me feel--"
	"Shit, you hardly spoke three words to him," Raymond said.
	"I know," Jenna said. "I can't help that. I know what he is. And he
knows what I am. He knows, damn it. I need to be his, Ray. I need it like--like
air. I need it to live."
	"Well," Raymond said. "you know what you have to do for that to happen."
	Jenna shivered again. "Yes," she said. "I know."
					#
	They ate dinner around the table in the Arnett kitchen. Cindy's father
sat at the head of the table, with Chet opposite him, and Cindy and Raymond on
either side. Cindy was on Chet's left, Raymond on his right. Cindy had prepared
the dinner, which was delicious.
	Throughout most of the meal they talked of general subjects. Cindy's
father guided the conversation, drawing Chet out and appearing to be interested
in his life, his plans for the future and his opinions on the issues of the day.
Chet was a little nervous, but he did his best to hold up his end of the
conversation. Neither Cindy nor Raymond spoke very much. Especially Cindy.
	It was only when they had nearly finished and were sitting over their
second cups of coffee that Cindy's father brought up the reason Chet was there.
"So, Chet," he said, leaning back in his chair, "I understand you have been
trying to coerce my daughter to fuck you."
	Chet swallowed. Raymond grinned, and Cindy looked down into her coffee
cup. There was a brief silence.
	"I--I'm not sure I would put it quite that way, sir," Chet said
haltingly. "I mean--it's just that, well, since she's been being so nice to me
and all--"
	"On my orders," Cindy's father put in.
	"Yes, sir. I understand that," Chet said. "So I just thought--well--"
	"You thought you would see how far she would go in following those
orders," Cindy's father said. "Well, I can't blame you for that, Chet. My
daughter is a very attractive girl. Ripe, nubile and sexy. And of course she is
a bitch and a slut. Isn't that right, Cindy?"
	Cindy closed her eyes, but opened them again quickly. "Yes," she said
flatly.
	"Say it, Cindy."
	"I'm a bitch and a slut," Cindy said.
	"Yes. And of course, you have already sampled some of her charms, and it
is only natural that you should wish to avail yourself of them further. The
question is whether I should give you the authority to sample them whenever you
please. This is not an easy decision, Chet. I generally prefer to keep Cindy's
coercion under my control, and to have it take place in my own house. You have
no objection to fucking my daughter in my house, have you, Chet?"
	"Well--no, sir. Not at all. I just--"
	"Good," Cindy's father said. "Would you like to do it now?"
	Cindy went pale.
	Chet blinked. "Now?" His voice sounded strange.
	"Yes, here and now. Stand up, Cindy."
	Cindy looked at her father, her mouth opening as if she were about to
say something. But she evidently thought better of it. Her eyes returned to the
table, and for a short moment she sat motionless. Then, slowly and not very
steadily, she stood up.
	Cindy was wearing a blue dress with a lace collar. It fit snugly over
her high round breasts and brought out the curves of her waist and hips, coming
down almost to her knees. "She looks good, wouldn't you say, Chet?" Cindy's
father said. "Extremely fuckable, don't you think?"
	"Yes I do," Chet said.
	"And would you agree with me," Cindy's father went on, "that her obvious
reluctance--actually, repugnance--in the face of this situation, gives her an
extra measure of desirablilty? That it acts as a further stimulus, as if any
were needed, to the lust for her sweet young body?"
	Chet looked at her. She was holding on to the table as if for support,
her knuckles white, her face pale and rigid. She did not look at him.
	"Yes," he said finally. "I--I have to say--Yes."
	"Then fuck her, Chet. Bend over, Cindy."
	A tiny sound, barely audible, came from Cindy's throat. Then she bent
over the table. Her father reached over and with a sweep of his arm cleared the
dishes and other obstacles away from the surface in front of her. "All the way
down, Cindy," he said. "Raymond, hold her hands."
	Cindy closed her eyes as she lowered her upper body onto the table. Her
brother caught at her wrists and pulled on them, holding her arms straight out
in front of her, so that she lay flat against the hard surface, her face lying
on the tablecloth, her breasts mashed beneath her, her rear end thrusting out
sharply as she bent at the waist.
	"All right, Chet," Cindy's father said. "Fuck her in the ass."
	Cindy gave a moan of fright and despair.
	Chet's mind was reeling. He felt himself suddenly thrust into a
situation which he had never imagined. He had not expected to be fucking Cindy
in front of her father and brother. He had never had sex with people watching
before. Nor had he ever fucked anyone in the ass. But he couldn't deny that his
cock was hard, as hard as he could ever remember it being. And there was no
doubt that Cindy's horror and helplessness, as her father had said, was pouring
gasoline on his already raging desire.
	He stood up. He knew there was a very obvious bulge in his pants.
Raymond was grinning lubriciously at him as he kept up his tight grip on his
sister's straining arms. Her father was watching calmly. He reached for the
cream pitcher and placed it within Chet's reach. "You can use this for
lubrication," he said. "Not as effective as some, perhaps, but I'm sure you'll
manage."
	Chet's legs felt unsteady, but he moved behind the pinioned girl, his
breath coming fast. He reached out to pull Cindy's dress up, hoisting it to her
waist and tucking it beneath her so that it stayed in place. Then he grasped the
waistband of her panties with both hands and pulled them down, down over her
magnificently curved ass, down over her smooth shapely thighs, down past her
knees until they fell around her feet. His mouth went dry as he looked at her
round bare buttocks, thrusting out at him and squirming slightly as her body
tried to adjust to her uncomfortable position.
	He unzipped his fly to release his aching cock. Then, with a sudden
boldness, he opened his pants completely and let them fall. He pushed his shorts
down to his ankles also, and now he, like Cindy, was naked from the waist down.
He saw Cindy's father nod slightly.
	Chet put his hands on Cindy's ass, thrilling to the feel of the smooth
firm flesh of her buttocks. They twitched a little under his palms. Then with
one hand he scooped some of the cream out of the pitcher and spread it into the
crack of her ass. His breath came faster as he worked a cream-covered finger
into her anus. Cindy gave a low, anguished groan and reflexively tried to squirm
away, to raise her body from the table, but she could not. Her asshole was very
tight and resistant, as though fighting him every inch of the way. He pushed his
finger in as far as it would go, and listened with an unholy joy to the sounds
she was making.
	He withdrew his finger now and with both hands spread her buttocks wide
apart, exposing that small anal opening, which with its spastic twitching almost
seemed to be winking at him. He wasn't sure he could actually fit his cock in
there, but he was damn sure going to try. And he did.
	Cindy's groans got louder, and then turned into cries of pain as Chet
pushed himself forcibly into that narrow passage. His head was spinning now, and
he nearly forgot about Cindy's father and brother as his cock tasted the warm
clutching of her asshole. He had to work himself in slowly, inch by inch, and
the resistance of her tightly clenched sphincter muscles almost made him despair
of getting into her fully. But he pushed ruthlessly on, grasping her hips,
pulling back slightly to batter at the obstacles she presented. Cindy was
yelling now, her helpless body twisting with torment. Chet was relentless, and
he felt a burst of triumph as with a savage lunge he breached her sphincter
muscles and slid further into her spasming passage. Now, though she was still
tight and narrow, the going was easier, and he thrust on and on until his cock
was completely buried in her ass.
	God, what a feeling! He had to struggle to keep from coming right then,
because he wanted to last long enough to give that ass a good fucking. Cindy was
sobbing now, between her cries of pain, and the sound was music to him. He
looked down at her twisted face, which was turned to one side, her cheek lying
against the table. Her blonde hair was plastered against the side that was
visible, and he reached down and pushed it aside with a curiously tender
gesture. "God, I love your ass, Cindy," he breathed, stroking her cheek. And
then he brought a finger to her mouth--it was the one that had been in her
ass--and traced her quivering lips with it. "Suck my finger, Cindy," he said,
and pushed it into her sobbing mouth. Then he began to fuck her.
	Between her sobs and cries and moans of anguish she wasn't able to
actually suck his finger, but he didn't really care. The tightness of her ass as
he pumped vigorously in and out of it, the squirming body bucking with pain as
much as it could in its restricted position, and the astonishing fact that this
was Cindy Arnett, the blonde goddess who despised him, that he was fucking up
the ass, in her own house and in front of her own family, made him so hot that
it was a miracle that he lasted as long as he did. Harder and harder he moved,
joyously ravishing that tortured asshole, glorying in the sensations she was
giving him and the agony he was giving her, until he couldn't hold in any more
and, with a cry, let himself fall on top of her bending body as he sent spurt
after spurt of come up into her backside.
	"Good," he heard Cindy's father say. "A good performance, Chet. I
congratulate you."
	Panting hard, Chet slowly pulled himself off Cindy's body and stood up,
his now limp cock sliding slowly out of her ass. Cindy was still sobbing and
moaning softly. Raymond continued to hold her wrists, keeping her as she was. He
had obviously been aroused by watching Chet fuck her. Now he looked anxiously at
his father.
	"Dad?" he said. "Can I have her now? Can I have her mouth? Please?"
	His father looked half exasperated, half indulgent. "All right," he
said. "I suppose so, if you must."
	"Oh, yeah!" Raymond said. He released one of Cindy's arms just long
enough to unzip his fly and take out his long hard cock. Then, grasping both
wrists again, he pulled her toward him strongly. Cindy cried out as she was
hauled across the table until she was lying on it full-length. Raymond continued
to pull at her until her head lay over the edge of the table on his side, just
above his lap. Then, grasping her hair, he forced her head down to him, feeding
his erect cock into her sobbing, panting, moaning mouth.
	"Oh yeah, sis," Raymond groaned. "Oh god, that mouth! Do it, sis, suck
it for me. Come on." He held her with both hands in her hair, twisting it
painfully, hunching up at her face. Cindy's sounds were muffled as she struggled
to do what he wanted, closing her mouth around him, but she still cried out as
he jerked her head up and down by her hair. "Oh shit, my big sister, I love
this, keep it up, ohh yeah, god, sweet sucking cocksucking sister, take it,
baby, take it all, take it NOWWWWWW...."
	He held her hair tightly, preventing her from pulling away from his cock
as he spurted into her. Cindy swallowed most of his sperm, but some of it
spilled out of her still crying mouth. Raymond rubbed it over her face.
	"Raymond is always so vocal, but at least he doesn't take long," Cindy's
father said. "Well, since you have pleasured everyone else this evening, Cindy,
you might as well finish the job, don't you think?" He opened his pants as he
spoke. "Just turn this way, Cindy. And do try to stop crying. I do love to hear
you cry, as you know, but enough is enough. Don't you think so, Chet?"
	"Actually, sir, I'd like to hear her cry forever," Chet said boldly.
	"Ah, a man after my own heart," Cindy's father said. "But as you get
older, Chet, you will find that even the greatest delights tend to pall if they
become too familiar. However, for Chet's pleasure, Cindy, you may continue to
cry if you wish."
	Cindy did seem to make an effort to stop crying, although it was not
completely successful, as she slowly and painfully turned herself on the table
in obedience to her father's command, until she faced him as she had faced her
brother, with her head above his lap. "All right, Cindy," her father said.
"First tell me what you are."
	Cindy stifled a sob. "I--I'm a bitch and a slut," she said brokenly.
	"Good. Now you may proceed."
	Cindy lowered her head to his lap and took his cock in her mouth. She
sucked him for a long time. Her father seemed to have the ability to hold out
for as long as he wished to, and to come only when he decided the time was
right. Cindy still gave out the occasional sob or moan as she sucked him, but
she never stopped. Her father directed her performance by murmuring softly to
her whenever he wanted her to go faster, or slower, or to use her tongue more,
or to stop and lick his balls, and so on, and she of course obeyed every
instruction. When he finally came down her throat she swallowed every drop.
	"Thank you, Cindy," her father said, zipping up his pants. "And now I
have come to a decision on the question that you asked me. Chet seems to me a
fine young fellow, Cindy. His...shall we say, affection for you is obvious, and
I believe he is indeed qualified to assume a certain amount of authority in my
absence, where you are concerned. So the answer is yes, Cindy. When you are
outside this house you will do anything Chet asks you to do. Anything and
everything. To put it more plainly, Cindy, you will fuck for him any time he
wants. Any time, any place, and in any manner he wants. Do you understand,
Cindy?"
	"Yes, Daddy," Cindy said. Her voice was very small and tight.
	Watching Cindy suck off her brother and father, as well as hearing her
father's decision in his favor, had made Chet hard again. So, at her father's
order, Cindy sucked him off too before he left the house.
					#
	"Jenna wants to see you," Raymond said to his father.
	"Indeed." His father put down his newspaper. "Very well. Bring her in."
	Jenna was wearing a green and white print blouse and a pair of jeans.
She was very pale, and she was trembling. But her face was determined.
	"Yes, Jenna?" Raymond's father said.
	Jenna took a deep breath. "I'll do it," she said.
	"Really?" Raymond's father said. "Do what?"
	"What--what you said. I--I'll cut my finger off."
	"I see. And why would you do that, Jenna?"
	Jenna stared at him. "You know why," she said. "Because I--I want to
belong to you. I want to be your slave. You said that's what it takes. I was
scared, okay? I--I'm still scared, but--but if that's what it takes--I'll do
it."
	"That's not exactly what I said, Jenna, but close enough," Raymond's
father said. "And so you are ready to do it. Right here, right now. Is that
correct?"
	"Yes," Jenna said. Trembling harder.
	"Look at this, Raymond," his father said. "This is a rare and beautiful
sight. A pretty, sexy teen-age girl who is ready to do anything we want. A sweet
young woman who is willing, even eager, to put herself utterly in our power.
Look how afraid she is right now, how beautifully, arousingly afraid, and yet
she is prepared to mutilate herself for our enjoyment. Because she is a slave at
heart. She longs to crawl and serve. She longs to be used, and to be hurt. And
we can use her, and hurt her, and do anything we want with her. Anything. Isn't
that exciting, Raymond?"
	"Yeah," Raymond said. "But will she really cut her finger off?"
	"Of course she will. Show him, Jenna."
	A tiny sound came from the girl. But she began to move toward the
kitchen. She moved as if in a trance, trembling harder than ever, her legs
barely able to hold her. Raymond's father got up and followed her into the
kitchen, and Raymond came after them.
	There was indeed a wooden butcher block on the table, and a meat cleaver
hanging nearby, among other implements. Jenna's movements were stiff and
mechanical, as if they were disconnected from her brain, but she didn't allow
herself to pause. With a palsied hand she took the cleaver from its hook. Then
she moved to the table and placed her left hand on the block, her little finger
oustretched. She was panting hard, and she gave a wild, mindless little cry as
she raised the cleaver above her shoulder, ready to strike.
	"Stop," Raymond's father said.
	His voice was not loud, but it was sharp, and it was enough to stop her
even as she was bringing the cleaver down. She looked at him, her eyes wild.
	"I have no intention of having a nine-fingered slave," Raymond's father
said. "The willingness is enough. Put the cleaver down."
	The instrument dropped from her neveless hand and clattered onto the
table. A moment later her knees gave way, and with a soft moan in which relief
was only one of several elements, she fell to the floor, almost fainting.
	"You see, Raymond?" his father said. "Completely in our power. This fine
young girl is our possession. Like a useful gadget, or a handkerchief we blow
our noses on. A toy for us to play with. An object for our pleasure. That's what
you are, isn't it, Jenna?"
	"Yes," Jenna breathed.
	"Let me show you. Come with me, Jenna. No, don't bother to stand. I want
you to crawl. On your hands and knees. I like to see girls crawling. Come."
	Jenna, still breathing hard, got onto her hands and knees and crawled
behind Raymond's father as he led her out of the kitchen. Raymond followed,
watching Jenna's ass moving in her jeans as she crawled.
	Raymond's father led her down the hall and stopped at the door to the
bathroom. "In here," he said, and stood there as Jenna crawled past him. "Go
over to the toilet," he told her. "And kneel upright." He followed her in, and
Raymond stood in the doorway, watching.
	Jenna's expression was a mixture of puzzlement and apprehension as she
crawled over the tiled floor. When she reached the toilet she turned and raised
herself into a kneeling position.
	"Fine," Raymond's father said. He stepped over to stand in front of the
trembling girl. "Don't move, Jenna," he said. Then, not hastily but with a
deliberate flow of motion, he unzipped his trousers, took out his cock and began
to piss into her face.
	Jenna cried out and instinctively turned her head away. "No!" Raymond's
father said sharply, and she turned it back again. Her eyes were closed. "Open
your eyes," he said, still pissing, and Jenna, whimpering, did so. Raymond's
father pissed into her eyes. He pissed into her nose and all over her face, and
into her hair. Then he told her to open her mouth, and he pissed into that too.
	When he finished Jenna was choking and crying. Her face dripped with
piss, her hair was soaked, and most of her blouse was drenched as well. It stuck
to her skin and showed the outline of her brassiere straps.
	"Piss Girl," Raymond's father said. "That's your name from now on. Piss
Girl. Remember that. Now clean this up. Not yourself, just the room. Then go
home. Come back tomorrow." He turned and left the bathroom.
					#
 	Chet was in an almost perpetual state of excitement, thinking of how he
now had Cindy at his beck and call. For a week or so he walked around school
exulting in this knowledge, and the feeling of power it gave him was so heady
that that in itself, at first, was enough to satisfy him. It was enough to know
that he could fuck Cindy Arnett any time he wanted to. It was enough to see the
apprehension in her eyes every time he saw her, in the halls or the cafeteria or
the classrooms. The fear that at any moment he might come up to her and demand
that she give him her body. The knowledge that when and if he did, she would
have to comply.
	Yes, it was exhilarating. But of course the day soon came when it ceased
to be enough. He had to put his power into effect. He had to have Cindy again.
	He saw her in the cafeteria, eating lunch at her usual table, with three
of her girlfriends, Rachel Harris, Norma Veney and Armina Banks. His first
instinct was to wait until he found her alone. But then he reconsidered. His
sense of power overcame his caution. Why not show it off? It would be so much
more humiliating for her. And Cindy's humiliation was his pleasure.
	He went directly over to her table and sat down opposite her. "Hi,
Cindy," he said.
	He loved what he saw in her eyes. It was more than fear--it was more
like terror. And pleading. Not here, her eyes said. Not now. Not in front of my
friends. Please, her eyes said. And they also said, I hate you. But of course
she had to be nice to him.
	"Hi, Chet," she said. And she tried to smile.
	Rachel and Norma and Armina had seen Cindy being nice to him before, but
it still puzzled them, and they were looking puzzled now. Well, they were going
to have more than that to puzzle over. "It's time, Cindy," Chet said.
	Cindy went pale. She put down the fork she'd been holding, and he
noticed that her hand was shaking a little. She gave a swift reflexive glance to
either side of her to take in her friends' reaction. She smiled weakly again,
but her voice was unsteady. "Time for what?" she said.
	"You know what, Cindy," Chet said. And when she didn't say anything,
still hoping to salvage something of her self-respect in front of her friends,
he looked right into her pleading, agonized eyes and said clearly, "Time for you
to fuck me."
	Norma Veney gasped. Rachel's mouth dropped open, and Armina looked
frozen. Cindy looked down at her tray. "Chet, for god's sake," she whispered
shakily. "Please..."
	"Come on, Cindy," Chet said. He leaned back in his chair, gazing around
the table at her unbelieving girlfriends, then bringing his eyes back to the
object of his lust. She was sitting with her shoulders hunched, shaking her
bowed head slowly as if in unconscious denial. "I want to do it now, Cindy," he
said. "I haven't really fucked you properly yet, you know. I mean I've had your
mouth, and I've had your ass, but I haven't actually fucked your pussy yet.
That's what I want to do now." Another gasp from Norma, and sounds of
astonishment from the other girls. Chet stood up. "Let's go, Cindy."
	There were tears in Cindy's eyes, and they began running down her cheeks
as she slowly pushed back her chair and got to her feet. She did not look at any
of her friends. Chet could feel their amazed stares at his back as he led her
away. Some of the other people in the cafeteria were staring too, though they
had not overheard the conversation at Cindy's table. But the sight of Cindy
Arnett, in tears and obviously miserable, going off with a nerd like Chet
Browder was enough to cause a murmur to fly around the large room.
	Since it was lunchtime there were many empty classrooms, and Chet
quickly found one. He closed the door and locked it. Cindy turned on him, her
face twisted with shame and rage. "You son of a bitch!" she shouted. "Why did
you have to do that in front of my friends? Oh god, you filthy miserable
bastard! You--you--"
	"Hey, you're forgetting yourself, Cindy," Chet said. "You're supposed to
treat me good, remember? You want me to tell your father about this?"
	For a moment his words silenced her. He saw the realization in her eyes,
the new fear of the possible consequences of her outburst. She struggled with
herself for calm, but her anger and misery were too much for her, and she burst
out again. "I don't care!" she shouted, crying full-out now. "I don't care, tell
him, I hate you! Oh Jesus, I hate you! You filthy slimy piece of shit! Why did
you do that to me? You--you've--you've ruined me! You--" And she broke down,
sinking into a chair and sobbing her heart out.
	Chet took his clothes off. His cock was very hard.
	As her sobs began to diminish somewhat, he went over to stand in front
of her. When she had regained enough control to become aware of him standing
there in his nakedness, she gave an anguished groan and turned her head down and
away from him. Chet reached out, took a handful of her long blonde hair and
pulled on it, forcing her to look back at his crotch. She was still crying, but
softly now. Holding on to her hair to keep her head still, he leaned forward and
let his cock brush her cheek. Then he began rubbing it over her face, moving his
hips so that his dick moved slowly back and forth and up and down, over her
cheeks and her lips and her eyes and her chin, occasionally leaving a small
trail of pre-come on the smooth flesh. Cindy made small sounds of pain and of
anguish.
	Finally he let go of her hair and crouched down so that he could talk to
her face to face. "Now listen, Cindy," he said. "You don't really want me to
tell your father about your behavior here, do you? I mean, I think you know what
he would do to you for disobeying him and yelling at me like that. Right, Cindy?
He and your brother would really have a ball with you. More whipping, I bet. And
other things too. Maybe some of that electric thing you hate so much."
	A involuntary whimper of fear escaped Cindy's throat.
	"And maybe he'd let me watch, you know? I'd really enjoy that, Cindy.
But you wouldn't, would you? So like I said, you don't really want me to tell
him about this, do you? Do you, Cindy?"
	Cindy shook her head. "No," she whispered.
	"I didn't think so. So now I think you're gonna be real good to me,
Cindy, and give me the best fuck I ever had in my life. Right? I mean, I know
you have to fuck me and try to make me happy and all that anyway, and that's
great, Cindy, but now you really have some extra incentive, you know? You make
it extra good, Cindy, and give me everything I want, and I won't say anything to
your daddy. Okay, Cindy? Do we have a deal?"
	Her eyes were still wet, but as she looked at him he could see that the
hatred for him was still there. Hatred and contempt. But the fear was still
there too, and that would drive her actions, he knew, in spite of her other
feelings. This excited him tremendously.
	She nodded jerkily. "Yes," she got out. "All right. All right."
	"Good," Chet said. "Now I want you to start out by kissing me, Cindy.
You remember how you kissed me in your room, when you were hanging by your
wrists and you were so scared that I was going to shock you again? That was a
great kiss, Cindy, maybe the best one I've ever had, but you know what? I want
this one to be better. I want it to be twice as good. You understand, Cindy? I
want to be able to come just from this kiss alone. I want it to blow me away.
You'll do that for me, won't you, Cindy?"
	Cindy nodded, wiping at her eyes.
	"Tell me, Cindy. Say, 'Yes, Chet, I will kiss you and fuck you and do
anything you want.' Tell me that, Cindy."
	In spite of herself her eyes spilled over again. "Yes, Chet," she said
in a low, gasping voice. "I--I will kiss you and--and fuck you and do anything
you want."
	"Right, and tell me what you are, Cindy. Just like you tell your daddy."
	"I--I'm a bitch and a slut," Cindy whispered.
	"Right. Now kiss me, Cindy."
	He would not really have thought that Cindy could improve much on the
kiss she had given him in her bedroom, but he had to admit that she did her
best. Her lips covered his as she bent forward in her chair, and her tongue was
a wild, slithering, caressing, searching, probing, stroking, tickling animal
with a life of its own. The fact that he knew how much she hated what she was
doing, and who she was doing it to, redoubled his pleasure in her enforced
ardor. She still sobbed softly from time to time, but without letting it
interfere with her ministrations. The fervor of the kiss upset his balance and
he fell back onto the floor, pulling her with him, their mouths still fused. Now
she lay on top of him, and he felt her body twisting against him as her tongue
twisted in his mouth, felt her breasts rolling on his chest and her legs moving
over his, and he would indeed have come from that kiss alone if he hadn't broken
it in time. He broke it by grasping her hair and pulling her head back and away
from him.
	"Good, Cindy," he panted, gazing at her pain-filled eyes. "That's real
good. But you still hate me, right?"	
	"Chet..." she groaned, trying to ease the pain in her scalp by pushing
her head back against his hand, but he only pulled her hair harder.
	"Tell me, Cindy," he gritted. "Tell me the truth. I won't tell your
daddy, okay? Not this time. I just want to hear it. I want to know, so it will
be more fun to fuck you. Tell me how much you hate me."
	"Yes!" she cried, sobbing again. "Yes, damn you, I hate you! I hate you
like poison! You little bastard! Oh god! You pig piece of shit! Yes!"
	"Good," he said, suddenly letting her go. "Now take your clothes off,
Cindy."
	She gave a little cry of relief as he released her hair, then rolled off
him. He watched as she pushed herself onto her knees and then got unsteadily to
her feet. Chet got up too. He started to sit in one of the classroom chairs,
then changed his mind. He pulled the teacher's chair out from behind the desk at
the front of the room and seated himself in it. It was roomier and more
comfortable, and better for what he had in mind.
	Cindy, still crying softly, began to unbutton her blouse. Instinctively
she turned away from him as she did so, moving toward the far wall.
	"No, no, Cindy," Chet said. "You know better than that. Come on over
here."
	She turned and moved toward his chair.
	"Come closer, Cindy," he ordered. He pointed to a spot about two feet in
front of him. "Stand right here. Right in front of me. I want to get a good
view."
	Cindy stood in front of him.
	"Now strip for me, Cindy," Chet said. "Strip that body naked while I
watch you."
	Cindy's head was bowed as she resumed the unbuttoning of her blouse.
Chet's cock was throbbing so hard that he again felt himself in danger of
exploding. Of course he had seen Cindy naked before. But still, there was
something intensely arousing about having her stand there and take off her
clothes for him, reluctantly laying that body bare to his eyes once again. He
watched avidly as she pulled her blouse off, revealing her firm round breasts
encased in a flimsy black bra.
	Next her shaky fingers fumbled with a button and zipper on the side of
her skirt, and then the skirt was around her feet. Her panties matched the bra.
He almost reached out to put his hand on a smooth shapely thigh, but he held
back.
	After a brief hesitation, Cindy reached behind her back to unhook her
brassiere. Her head was stlll bowed.
	"Look at me, Cindy," Chet said.
	Her head rose slowly, until her damp, anguished eyes were looking into
his. They stayed there as she unhooked the bra and took it off.
	"You have great tits, Cindy," Chet said. "I don't know why you bother
with a bra. In fact, I don't think you should wear one any more. Or panties
either, for that matter. So from now on you come to school without underwear.
Okay, Cindy?"
	Her eyes widened. "You--you can't--you can't make me--"
	"Can't I?" Chet said. "Can't I, Cindy? What do you think your daddy
would say about that? You want to ask him, Cindy? Maybe he'll invite me to
dinner again, what do you think?"
	"Chet, please--"
	"Take the panties off, Cindy. Look at me while you do it."
	Cindy did. Chet let her stand there for a little while as he gazed at
her naked body, his eyes moving up and down over every mouth-watering inch of
her flesh. "All right, Cindy," he said finally. "I want you to fuck me now.
Right here in this chair. Come on, get up here."
	He reached for her as she moved reluctantly toward him, and with his
guidance she climbed onto the chair, straddling his legs, kneeling over his
thighs with her breasts practically touching his chest. He lowered his head to
take one of those breasts in his mouth. He sucked on it, then bit down on the
nipple, not fiercely, but hard enough to bring a cry of pain from her mouth.
	"Sweet Cindy," he muttered, a little breathless now. He slipped his
hands under her haunches and lifted her just enough to position her over his
cock. "Take it in, Cindy." he rasped. "Fuck me good."
	Cindy was breathing hard too, but not from excitement. She made a
choking sound as she reached down to place his cock at the entrance to her
pussy. She bit her lip and closed her eyes as she began to sink down on it, but
Chet, grabbing her hair threateningly, told her to open her eyes and look at
him, and she did. His dick twitched dangerously as she slowly took it into her,
and what he saw in her terrible eyes was almost as stimulating to him as the
sensation of her tight warm cunt.
	"Oh, that's good, Cindy," he panted. "Shit, your cunt is just as tight
as your ass, you know that, Cindy? All the way in, baby, that's it."
	Cindy continued to lower herself until she was sitting on his thighs,
with his cock buried inside her reluctant pussy. "Oh, goddam!" Chet moaned. "I'm
inside your cunt, Cindy. I'm actually fucking Cindy Arnett. Who'da thought it,
huh, Cindy?"
	Cindy's damp eyes blazed at him, and her mouth opened as if to say
something, but she quickly shut it again.
	"Go ahead, Cindy," Chet said. "Say it. You have a free pass right now.
You can say whatever you want as long as you fuck me good. That's our deal,
remember? So say it."
	Cindy's voice, though unsteady, was low and full of loathing. "I fucking
despise you," she said. "I fucking hate your guts. I'd like to kill you. you
fucking turd."
	"I know," Chet said. "And I make you sick, right, Cindy?"
	"God, yes!" Cindy said.
	"Good," Chet said. "Now fuck me, Cindy."
	Cindy's eyes still blazed into his for a brief minute. Then, her face
twisting with a mixture of disgust and despair, she began to move slowly, her
body rising and falling over his cock. Chet moaned. He put his hands on her
breasts, kneading the high firm mounds, then squeezing them until he brought a
soft cry from her. But she continued to move up and down.
	"A little faster, Cindy," Chet panted. "Not too much, just a little.
That's it. Oh, that's good, Cindy. Don't stop." He clamped her breasts harder,
listening to her squall of pain, loving the way it made her body jerk as she
went on fucking him. Then he released her breasts and slid his hands down to her
rhythmically flexing thighs, feeling the working of the muscles beneath the soft
smooth skin each time she pumped herself up and down.
	"Tell me how you hate me, Cindy," he said breathlessly. "Go on. Fuck
harder, Cindy, and tell me all about it."
	Her movements quickened. Her breasts bounced on her chest as her body
rose and fell. Her hair was disordered, falling over her shoulders and clinging
to her face, and she was panting now with her exertions. "I--I hate you," she
breathed. "I hate you...I hate you..." Moving up and down, fresh tears in her
eyes now, she hissed it out again and again, each time she lowered herself
around his straining cock. "I hate you...I hate you...I hate you..."
	"Oh, Christ!" Chet couldn't hold back the explosion that overcame him.
His head fell back, his haunches actually lifting off the chair as he spewed his
come wildly into Cindy's moving pussy. He grabbed her hair and forced her face
to his, kissing her panting mouth and raping it with his tongue as he finished
coming. Then he let her go.
	"Good girl, Cindy," he gasped. "You can get dressed now. You did good,
Cindy. I look forward to doing this a lot from now on. Maybe every day, how does
that sound, Cindy?"
	Cindy gave a small involuntary whimper as she struggled to her feet and
began to gather her clothes.
	Chet had another idea. "And you better make sure I keep enjoying it,
Cindy, because you know what? If I start getting tired of you, maybe I'll pass
you on to some of my friends."
	Cindy looked at him, startled. "No!" she said.
	"Sure, why not?" Chet said. "Other loser types like me, you know? All
the geeks and nerds that you like to laugh at, you and your friends. They'd all
give just about anything to be able to fuck Cindy Arnett."
	Cindy swallowed hard. "You can't do that, Chet," she said, trying to
keep her voice calm. "That's not--my father would--"
	"Well, maybe that's another thing we can ask your daddy about," Chet
said. "Will you ask him, Cindy, or should I?"
	"Chet, please. Chet, for god's sake...please..."
	"I'll see you tomorrow, Cindy," Chet said. "Don't forget to leave off
your underwear."
					#
	Her name was Piss Girl. Nobody knew that but herself, Raymond, and
Raymond's father. Everyone else thought her name was Jenna. But she knew. She
was Piss Girl. And she belonged to Raymond's father. And to Raymond, by his
father's authority. But it was his father who owned her soul. And her body. And
her mind. And whatever else she had. Owned her entirely. She was his Piss Girl.
	She had gone home from his house still reeking with his piss, her hair
damp with it, drops of it still on her face. She had gone home and gone into her
bathroom to take a shower, but she hadn't done that right away. She had lain
down on the bathroom floor, in her piss-wet clothes, breathing in the smell of
it. But it wasn't really the piss that she was absorbing, taking into herself.
Reveling in. It was the smell of her own degradation, the incredibly heady aroma
of utter and complete debasement.
	He could have done anything to her. She had been ready to mutilate
herself. When he stopped her, knowing that she was ready and willing to be his
slave, she had expected to be taken, to be used sexually, perhaps to be
tortured, whatever. And she had wanted it all. Instead, all he had done was to
take her--no, to make her crawl--into the bathroom and piss on her. And he had
named her Piss Girl. It was doubly degrading, doubly humiliating, and doubly
arousing. Lying there on the bathroom floor, she had put her hand between her
legs and masturbated herself to orgasm three times within ten minutes.
	The next day after school she went to his house again, as ordered. Her
heart was pounding and she was actually shaking as she mounted the porch steps
and rang the doorbell.
	"Who is it?" came a voice from inside. His voice.
	"It's--it's Jenna." There were other houses only a few feet away on
either side, there were people passing on the street; she didn't want to use her
real name.
	"Who?" came the voice.
	She knew he had heard her. She took a breath, looking around to see that
no one could overhear. "It's Piss Girl," she said, not very loudly.
	"I can't hear you," came the voice.
	She closed her eyes and said it loudly now. "It's Piss Girl!" She
couldn't look, she could only hope no one had heard her.
	The door opened. "Come in," Raymond's father said. She followed him into
the living room. He sat in his chair. "Did you forget your name, Piss Girl?" he
asked mildly.
	"No. I--I'm sorry. I just didn't want--"
	"I don't care what you want. What is your name?"
	"Piss Girl," Jenna said.
	"Say it again."
	"Piss Girl."
	"We must make sure you remember that. Go into the kitchen and get me a
glass."
	When she came back with the glass Raymond was there, having just come
from school himself. Raymond's father took the glass from her. He unzipped his
fly and took out his cock. He held the glass underneath his cock and pissed into
it. When he finished the glass was about halfway full. Then he handed it to
Raymond and instructed him to piss into it too, which Raymond did. The glass was
nearly full now. Raymond's father took it from his son and handed it to Jenna.
	"Drink it," he said.
	The smell was foul and made her gag, but again it was the aroma of her
degradation. She put the glass to her lips and drank. She had to hold her
breath, and even so she choked up at one point and had to stop.
	"Drink it all," Raymond's father said.
	She didn't know if she could, but she kept drinking. She gagged several
times, and once, with about a third of the glass still to go, she retched and
thought she was going to throw up. She stood there, taking deep, rapid breaths,
while Raymond and his father watched her, waiting for her to continue. Praying
that she could keep it down, she forced herself to drink again, until finally
she had swallowed it all. She retched again, her body twitching as she tried to
control the roiling in her stomach. Somehow she managed to contain herself.
	"What is your name?" Raymond's father said.
	"P-piss Girl," Jenna said, gasping.
	"You won't forget that again, will you, Piss Girl?" Raymond's father
said.
	"No," Jenna said. "No, I won't."
	"Good. Raymond tells me you are a great lay."
	The suddenness of this comment took her aback, and she didn't know what
to say. "I--thank you," she said finally.
	"Especially when you're in pain," Raymond's father said.
	Jenna was silent, but her heart quickened.
	"Show me your breasts," Raymond's father said.
	Jenna, her fingers shaking slightly, unbuttoned her blouse and took it
off. Then she took off her bra.
	"Fair," Raymond's father said. "Nice and firm, though. It should be
pleasant, hurting them."
	Jenna made a small sound.
	"Oh look, Raymond," his father said. "Look how her nipples stiffen at
the thought of pain. That's very nice. I expect they'll get even harder when
confronted with a nice cold pair of pliers. Isn't that right, Piss Girl?"
	Jenna's knees almost buckled. "I--I don't--I--"
	"Well, perhaps we'll find out," Raymond's father said. "In the meantime,
I have an assignment for you, one that will allow you to live up to your name.
Tomorrow, when you arrive at school, you will go into the boys' bathroom. Is
there more than one, Raymond?"
	"Yeah," Raymond said. "There's one on each floor."
	"Well, choose the largest one. You will go in there and stay there all
day long. When someone asks you why you are there, you will say you are there to
be pissed on. Then you will let anyone who wishes to piss on you. Anyone and
everyone. All day long. Is that clear, Piss Girl?"
	"Yes," Jenna got out. She felt numb.
	"Raymond, you will see that she follows my instructions."
	"Hey, these guys aren't gonna want to stop with just pissing on her,"
Raymond said. "Some of them are gonna want more, you know? If she's right there
in the can, letting herself be pissed on. They're gonna want to fuck her and
stuff."
	"That seems probable," Raymond's father said. "And I don't suppose you
would be able to stop them, Raymond. So there seems to be no help for it. So,
Piss Girl, if anyone wants to fuck you--and stuff, as Raymond so eloquently puts
it--you will allow them to do so. Do you understand?"
	Jenna thought she might pass out. "Yes," she gasped faintly.
	"Yes, sir," Raymond's father said.
	"Yes, sir," Jenna said.
					#
	"He wants to give me to other boys," Cindy said flatly.
	"I see," her father said. "Tired of you already, is he? I hope you
haven't been doing less than your best for him, Cindy. That would displease me a
great deal."
	"No, Daddy," Cindy said, her voice shaking a little. "He's not tired of
me. He just said that if he ever does get--he might want to let his
friends--Daddy, you don't want that, do you?"
	"Don't I? What are you, Cindy?"
	"I'm a bitch and a slut," Cindy said in a low voice.
	"Yes. I'll have to think about it, Cindy. Meanwhile, come over here and
show me just how well you've been pleasing Chet. Perhaps that will help me to
make my decision."
	Cindy showed him.
					#
	"What in the hell do you think is going on with Cindy?" Rachel Harris
said to Armina Banks.
	"I don't know, but either she's lost her mind or this guy Chet has got
some kind of a hold on her," Armina replied.
	"But god, he's such a nerd! And Cindy always couldn't stand him. So what
in the world could it be?"
	"Maybe she found out he's got a really big one," Armina said.
	Rachel giggled. Then she said, "Well, I don't think that's it, because
Cindy didn't seem very happy about going off with him when he said he wanted
to--you know."
	"Well, Cindy obviously isn't going to tell us. So maybe we should ask
Chet," Armina said.
	Rachel stared. "You're kidding, right?"
	"Why? I mean, Cindy's our friend, right? If she's got a problem with
this guy, I think we should try to help her out."
	"Yes, but--but we can't just, like, go up to him and ask him, can we?"
	"Why not? What can he do to us? Either he'll tell us or he won't."
	"Well of course he won't. Duh," Rachel said.
	"Okay, probably not. But it won't hurt to ask." Armina grinned. "And
maybe we can persuade him."
	Rachel stared again. "Get out of here! I wouldn't touch that guy with a
ten-foot pole."
	"I know, me too, actually. That's why we have to help Cindy out if she's
in some kind of bind. You with me?"
	"I guess. Shouldn't we get the other girls in on this?"
	"Not yet," Armina said. "Let's see how it goes."
					#
	When Raymond took Jenna into the boys' room on the first floor of the
school early in the morning, before the start of classes, there were half a
dozen boys already there, most of them standing around and smoking. Jenna knew
only one or two of them. They all stared at her in surprise and wonder.
	"Hey, what the fuck?" one boy said finally. "What's she doing here? This
is the guys' bathroom, for Christ sake!"
	"Maybe she wants to see what a guy's dick looks like," another one said,
grinning. "Maybe it's research for biology class." Everyone snickered.
	Bill Talbot, who was in Raymond's history class, addressed him. "What's
going on, Ray? Why'd you bring her in here? You need a place to fuck or what?"
More snickers.
	"Ask her," Raymond said.
	"Okay. What's going on, babe? Lost your way?"
	Jenna took a breath. "I'm--" She looked at Raymond, then away. She
swallowed. "I'm here to be pissed on," she said.
	There was silence.
	"Say again?" Bill said wonderingly.
	Jenna said it again. Her voice shook a bit, but there was no mistaking
the words. The boys just stared at her, apparently struck dumb.
	"What the fuck's she talking about, Ray?" Bill demanded finally. "This
some kind of stupid stunt or what?"
	"No," Raymond said. "It's not a stunt. It's like she said, she's here to
be pissed on. Any of you guys want to piss on a girl, this is your chance.
That's it."
	Somebody laughed. "Shit," somebody else said. "Who the fuck wants to
piss on a girl? What fun is that?"
	"Well, I don't know," Bill said. "It's sure to be more interesting than
doing it in some old toilet, right?"
	"Why's she want to be pissed on, though?" someone else put in, a tall
boy with a sallow face. "That's crazy."
	"Ask her," Raymond said again.
	"Okay. How about it, girl. What's your name anyway?"
	"Her name's Jenna," Bill Talbot said.
	"No it's not," Raymond said, grinning. "Tell them your real name, baby."
	Jenna swallowed again. She didn't know whether Raymond's father wanted
her to share the name he had given her with the outside world. But since Raymond
had asked her, she had no choice. "My name is Piss Girl," she said in a low
voice.
	A few more boys had come into the bathroom by now. No one had left.
There were murmurs and exclamations of surprise around the room.
	"Nice name," the tall boy said. "So how come you want to be pissed on,
Piss Girl?"
	Jenna didn't know what to say. She knew she couldn't tell them about
Raymond's father. She closed her eyes. "I have to," she breathed. "I--I just
have to."
	"That's enough questions," Raymond said. "Any of you guys want to piss
on her, or not?"
	"Why don't you do it, Ray?" Bill Talbot said. "Give us like a
demonstration, you know?"
	"Shit, what a bunch of wusses," Raymond said. "Okay, sure. I'll start it
off. Why not?" There was a line of urinals along one wall. Raymond took Jenna
over there and placed her in front of the nearest one, pushing her back against
it. "Kneel down, baby," he told her.
	Jenna sank to her knees, then at Raymond's further urging sat back on
her haunches, so that her face was just below the level of Raymond's crotch. She
was kneeling almost directly over the drain, her back to the curved porcelain
face of the urinal, her knees on the hard tile floor of the bathroom. She was
shaking a little, but beneath her blouse her breasts were rising and falling
noticeably with her rapid breathing.
	Raymond stood in front of her and unzipped his pants. There was a
strained silence in the room as boys crowded around to get a better look.
Raymond took out his cock, aimed it at Jenna's face, and after a moment began to
piss. Jenna gave a short, sharp cry as the yellow liquid hit her face, but then
she was quiet. She kept her eyes and her mouth closed while Raymond continued to
release a strong stream of urine all over her unmoving face.
	As the stream died down, the tension in the room suddenly broke and the
boys burst out into exclamations of awe, astonishment and delight. Now several
others wanted to do what Raymond had done, and one after another they did. It
was getting close to class time now, and more boys were coming in, all of them
expressing their amazement at what was going on, many of them wanting to join
in. Soon there was a line in front of the urinal in which Jenna was kneeling,
and boy after boy released his piss happily into Jenna's face, and on her body
as well. The white blouse she was wearing was quickly soaked through, as was the
bra beneath, and the shapes of her nipples could be seen clearly as the material
clung to her body. They were stiff and hard.
	Word of what was going on in the ground-floor boys' room soon spread
through the school, and more and more boys started coming in, until it got too
crowded to hold them all. When the line at Jenna's urinal began to snake out the
door and down the hall, Raymond had to stand guard at the door and allow only a
certain number of guys in at a time, so they wouldn't draw unwanted attention
from the faculty.
	As Raymond had predicted, many of the boys wanted to do more than piss
on her. Especially when her clothes got so piss-soaked and sodden that Raymond
said she might as well take them off. Jenna wasn't sure whether it was a
suggestion or a command, but she was so dazed and so aroused by what was
happening to her, by the continual stream of piss splashing into her face, and
by the increasingly excited mob of boys who seemed to find pleasure in her
debasement, that she didn't care. She took off her dripping blouse and then her
bra, to the cheers and moans and catcalls of the watching crowd, and when
Raymond asked her why she didn't finish the job, she took off her skirt and her
panties as well.
	The crowd grew frenzied. Raymond had difficulty maintaining the line at
the urinal, and finally he gave up. They crowded around her now, as many at one
time as could fit in a tight semicircle in front of her kneeling figure, and all
of them pissed on her at once. Jenna was crying now, although her nipples were
still hard and she showed no desire to escape from her situation. But the sense
of her utter degradation, while it excited her intensely, could not help but
affect her in other ways as well. Her tears were overwhelmed by the rivulets of
urine that ran over her face, but her mouth opened as she sobbed helplessly, and
the boys pissed into it. She choked at first and tried to keep her mouth closed,
but her crying had stuffed up her nose, and she couldn't. The boys kept aiming
for her mouth, importuning her to swallow their piss, and she swallowed as much
as she could, the rest spilling out over her chin and onto her breasts and body.
	Bill Talbot was the first one to go further. As one group of boys
finished peeing on her and made way for another, Bill stepped in and called for
a temporary halt. A few boys objected, but the protests died away when they saw
Bill stepping up to her with his cock erect and stiff, and pointing at Jenna's
sobbing, quivering, half-open mouth.
	"How about it, baby?" Bill said. "You only drink piss, or you like to
drink come too? Come on, sweetie, take it in." He rubbed the tip of his cock
against her full wet lips.
	Jenna gave a short, low moan and opened her mouth wider. Bill sank his
cock into it.
	The room again filled with cheers and groans of passion as Bill began to
fuck Jenna's mouth. He put his hands in her hair, but there was evidently no
need to force her as she sucked willingly, even avidly, at his pumping rod. It
didn't take long to finish him off, but instead of letting her drink his come he
pulled out at the last minute and shot it all over her face, letting it mingle
with the piss and tears that continued to drip from her. The boys cheered again.
	After that, of course, they all wanted to do what Bill had done. For a
while there was no more pissing, as boy after boy presented his stiff cock to be
sucked. Some of them came almost immediately, some took longer, although those
who were waiting continually hectored them to hurry up and make way for the next
guy. Some of them followed Talbot's example and shot their jism into her face,
but most of them came off in her mouth, and at their urging Jenna swallowed as
much as she could. Often she gagged as the boys pushed their cocks deep into her
throat, or retched with the surfeit of semen she was ingesting on top of the
piss she had already swallowed, but the boys paid no attention, ravenously eager
to take advantage of this exciting and astonishing sexual offering. She
continued to suck and she continued to sob, and when she parted her knees to
spread her thighs, and her hand slid as if with a will of its own into her
crotch, a great yell of delight went up from the watching mob.
	When the bell rang for the first class much of the crowd cleared out,
though some of those who had not yet had their cocks in her mouth stayed to take
their turn. But there was not a boy in the school who did not hear the tale of
the crazy girl in the ground-floor bathroom who was there to be pissed on and to
be mouth-fucked if they wanted, and there was a constant traffic to that
location throughout the day. All day long there was hardly a moment when Jenna
was not taking someone's pee on her face, or in her mouth, or on her breasts, or
sucking on some boy's cock until he came down her throat or into her eyes or her
hair or wherever he wanted. It didn't matter to them that she was a dripping,
stinking, sodden mess, her hair lank with urine and semen, her face and body
running with it. Most of them got hard as soon as they saw her, and so would
fuck her mouth first and then piss on her after they came, although some
reversed the process. A couple of times throughout the day Jenna had to throw
up, and Raymond would allow her to crawl to one of the toilets and regurgitate
some of what she had swallowed by the gallon. Then she would crawl back to her
urinal, the foul vomit taste soon replaced in her mouth by that of the
never-ending piss. She still knelt there with her thighs open, and most of the
time she had at least one hand between her legs, fingering herself slowly, and
sometimes frenziedly, while subjecting herself to what was going on. She came
quite often, and as the day wore on her climaxes became more frequent, but she
never let them interfere with any boy's pleasure.
	Raymond stayed with her all day, using her himself when he wanted to
piss, and on two occasions letting her suck him off as well. There were
occasional suggestions from some of the guys that they put her in the shower and
let her clean up, so that then they could actually fuck her, but they didn't get
around to doing that until the end of the day, because too many guys were
constantly coming in to piss on her.
	When classes were over, though, and the school was emptying out, about a
dozen of them gathered in the bathroom to implement that idea. Two of them
stripped naked and took Jenna into the shower, giving her a thorough washing. By
the time they finished most of the others were naked too, and waiting. They laid
Jenna down on the bathroom floor and began to argue about who would be first.
Jenna settled that by tugging  frantically at the leg of the first boy she could
reach, practically pulling him down on top of her. She gave a sharp cry of both
pain and pleasure as he thrust his cock with brutal directness deep inside her
pussy. She climaxed almost immediately, and the boy didn't last much longer.
After him the rest of them took their turns, each one battering her heedlessly
against the hard tile floor, each of them coming quickly and shooting his sperm
inside her, and Jenna matched almost every climax with one of her own. Raymond
did not fuck her, but when the last of the boys had taken his turn and left, he
stood over her and pissed on her once again, grinning widely as he sent the
yellow stream all up and down her naked, writhing body. He did not let her wash
off again, but told her to get dressed just as she was and then to go report to
his father. Which Jenna did.
					#
 	"Did you ask your daddy about me giving you to other guys, Cindy?" Chet
inquired.
	Cindy had to take his cock out of her mouth in order to answer him. She
was kneeling at his feet as he sat in one of the chairs in a locked classroom at
lunchtime. This had become almost a daily occurrence. Chet loved to see Cindy on
her knees in front of him. He always had her kneel and suck his cock, no matter
what else was on the agenda. Sometimes she was naked when she did it, sometimes
he let her keep her clothes on. The clothes always came off eventually though.
It didn't take long, because in obedience to his order Cindy never wore
underwear to school. This caused her a great deal of embarrassment, because try
as she might, she could not keep her high, round, unfettered breasts from
bouncing and swaying beneath her blouse or dress as she walked, and this brought
her a great deal of attention, and some comment, particularly from the male half
of the school population. In addition, Chet had commanded that she always wear
dresses or skirts to school, never slacks or jeans, and he had stipulated that
those dresses or skirts should never be long enough to fall below her knees. She
had to be very careful when she sat down, especially in class, and she never
felt safe in crossing her legs now. Her male teachers stared at her, and the
females looked disapproving, although so far none of them had said anything. But
she was afraid that Chet had further designs for her in this area. It was one of
many things she was afraid of from him.
	She smiled at him as best she could, but her voice was unsteady. "Yes, I
did, Chet," she said. "He--he said he wanted to think about it."  
	"Oh, really?" Chet said. He put his hand in her hair and twisted, and
Cindy cried out. "Well, I'd like you to persuade him, Cindy. You think you could
find a way to do that?"
	Cindy was whimpering slightly as Chet twisted harder. "I--I don't know,
Chet, I--Oh god, I mean, you know my father, he's--AAHHH! God! All right, Chet,
all right! I'll--I'll try to--but I--oh please, Chet, I'll try, but I don't see
how I can--"
	"Stupid bitch," Chet said. "Go back to what you were doing, Cindy." With
his hand still twisted in her hair, he pushed her face back to his crotch,
jamming her mouth down over his cock. He held her that way, not letting her
move, his throbbing dick completely filling her mouth and reaching into her
throat. Cindy gagged and mewled around his cock, struggling to take in air
through her nostrils, her hands clutching at his thighs, but he kept his
unrelenting grip on her hair until her sounds and struggles made him come hard,
shooting his gism direclty into her gullet.
	It was only after she had revived him, at his orders, and then bent over
the teacher's desk so he could take her from behind, that Cindy timidly but
desperately brought up the subject again. "Chet," she ventured as she was
buttoning her blouse. "Chet, you--you wouldn't really...give me to other
guys...would you? I mean, Chet, I've--I've been good--I always do what you want,
don't I? I'm--I'm here for you whenever you want me, and I--I always--I mean,
why would you want to see me--I mean--"
	Chet never tired of the thrill of having Cindy Arnett, the most popular
girl in school, who had always treated him like dirt, pleading with him. Of
seeing her fear and savoring her forced submission. Now he smiled. "Damn, Cindy,
if you were a little smarter I think you would realize that seeing how much you
hate the idea only makes me want it more. Don't you get that, Cindy?"
	Tears dripped from Cindy's eyes. "Oh god, Chet, please. Please. I'm
begging you. Please!"
	"What are you so afraid of, Cindy? Jesus, it's not like you're a virgin
or anything. I mean, you've not only fucked me, you've fucked your father and
your brother god knows how many times, and I'm pretty damn sure we aren't the
only ones. How many others have you fucked, Cindy?"
	"Chet, please--"
	Very suddenly, Chet brought up his arm and slapped her as hard as he
could across the face. Cindy cried out in shock and pain and staggered back,
then fell to her knees, sobbing. As he looked at her, Chet realized that
although he had tortured and brutalized Cindy in many ways, this was the first
time he had actually hit her with his hand. A surge of excitement suffused his
body, and his cock stiffened yet again as he looked down at her.
	"I asked you a question, whore," he said hoarsely. "When I ask you a
question, you answer it. Immediately. Understand, Cindy?"
	Cindy's head jerked up and down. "Yes," she whimpered. "Yes, Chet. I'm
sorry."
	"Now answer me. How many guys have you fucked with your filthy whore's
body?"
	"I--I don't know, Chet," Cindy replied breathlessly. There was fear in
her voice. "I--I only did it when my father told me to. When he--he made
me--with some of his friends. And--"
	"How many, Cindy?"
	 She took a shuddering breath. "Three, I think. Three of his friends.
And--and at my last school there was this boy, he--he made me--oh Christ--"
	"Yeah, well, I want to hear all about your sad story, Cindy, but not
right now. I'm gonna give you a little homework, Cindy. Tonight I want you to
write me out a list of all the guys you've done it with. Every one of them, you
got that, Cindy? I want names, and I want them all. Then we can go down the list
and you can tell me all about what happened with each one of them. While I'm
fucking your ass. Okay, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet," she whispered.
	"All right. So anyway, Cindy, what I was saying was that since you have
fucked all these guys, you can't be worried about losing your virtue or
anything, right? So what do you care if I lend you to some of my buddies, just
like your father did? You're a whore anyway, isn't that right? Just like you
always tell your father, a bitch and a whore. Isn't that right, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet." She was sobbing softly.
	"All right then. So what's a few more guys?"
	Cindy moaned. "I--I don't--" She struggled to control her sobs. "I--I'll
be ruined, Chet," she gasped out. "Oh Christ. Everybody will--will know
about--I'll be the school whore." She couldn't stop crying. "Oh, damn you,
Chet!" she burst out heedlessly. "You--you've already shamed me with my girl
friends, they--they think I'm--Jesus, I don't know what they think. And--and
if--if the whole--" She broke down again. Chet watched her sobbing there on her
knees, his cock harder than ever.
	"It happened before, didn't it, Cindy?" he said finally. "At your last
school. I remember Jenna said something about that. You had to move away. And
now it's happening again. Poor little whore baby."
	Cindy continued to sob.
	Chet rested his buttocks against the desk, thinking for a moment as he
gazed down at the crying girl. "The thing is, Cindy," he said then, "like I told
you before, I'm gonna need a little variety when I get tired of using your
slutty cunt and your slutty ass and your slutty mouth. Something to keep me
interested, you know? And I figure watching you degrading yourself for a bunch
of my friends, fucking and sucking all the guys you've put down for so long,
would be real stimulating. Didn't I explain that to you, Cindy?"
	"Chet--"
	"Answer me, whore."
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy got out. "You explained that."	
	"But I'll tell you what, Cindy." He considered for another moment as
Cindy looked up at him with a faint glimmer of hope. "You mentioning your girl
friends has given me an idea. That snooty bunch of girls you run around with all
think they're such big wheels. They're almost as stuck-up as you, Cindy. As you
used to be, I mean. All so full of themselves, and they won't spit on guys like
me. You see where I'm going with this, Cindy?"
	"I--I don't--are you--"
	"I'm thinking we might make a deal, Cindy. You don't want to fuck my
friends, maybe I can fuck yours, you know? That would provide some variety, all
right. And god knows I'd love to stick my dick into one or two of those bitches.
Or all of them, for that matter. That Melanie Bryan, for example. She looks like
she'd make a great fuck. Or Norma Veney, with the tits out to here. Or Rachel
Harris, Armina Banks--damn, they're all good-looking cunts, and don't they know
it! So what I'm thinking, Cindy, is that you could do both of us a favor by
maybe getting a couple of them for me, you know? You think you could do that,
Cindy?"
	Cindy was staring at him through her tears. "Chet, I--how could I--I
don't know how I could--they'd  never--it's--it's impossible, Chet--"
	"Really? Well, that's a shame, Cindy. Then I guess you'll just have to
become the school slut. Too bad."
	"Chet, please! I'll--I'll do anything you want--"
	"But I told you what I want, Cindy. I want your snotty-ass bitch
friends. At least one or two of them. Don't you think you could persuade them
somehow? Use your influence. You're the big cheese, after all, aren't you,
whore?"
	In spite of her distress, Cindy gave a bitter laugh. "I used to be," she
said, sniffling a little. "But you pretty much took care of that, you--" She cut
herself off hastily.
	"Well, I think you still carry some weight, Cindy. And a smart girl like
you should be able to figure out some way to use it. I don't care how you do it.
And I don't care if the bitches like it or not. Matter of fact, I'd prefer it if
they didn't. Makes it more exciting, just like with you, Cindy."
	Cindy swallowed, trying to pull herself together. "But Chet, my father
didn't--he hasn't said you could--"
	"He will," Chet said. "I'm pretty sure he will, Cindy. Especially if I
tell him about this new plan. I think that would appeal to him, don't you? So
here's the deal, Cindy. I'll give you a week. You get at least one of your pals
to fuck for me in that time, I'll keep you all to myself, okay? Until I get
tired of her, of course. Then we'll go on to the next one."
	He could see that Cindy's impulse was to curse him again, but she held
herself back. She just shook her head helplessly, her eyes brimming with new
tears.
	"Do we have a deal, Cindy?"
	"I--I'll try," Cindy whispered. "But I don't see--I don't think--"
	"You don't have to think, Cindy. You just do as you're told. One way or
the other. Now see, talking about those girls has made me all hard again. Crawl
over here and suck me off again before you leave, Cindy."
	And Cindy did that.
					#
	Jenna walked the nine blocks from the school to the Arnett's house,
shivering most of the way and trying to avoid the startled, curious glances of
the people she passed. She knew she looked as though she had been caught in a
rainstorm, drenched from head to toe, her clothes clinging to her, her hair lank
and dripping, her face running with moisture. Unless people got close enough to
smell her, they probably wouldn't know it was urine she was dripping with--mixed
with a little semen from the boys who had jerked off on her face when they had
finished pissing on her the last time. People usully avoided getting that close
to her, but they stared and wondered. Jenna felt shamed and horribly
self-conscious, but her nipples were hard, as they had been through most of the
day, and the moisture between her legs was from a different source. Part of her
hated herself for responding in this way to such degradation, but she knew she
couldn't help it. That was how she was, and who she was. That was what had
brought her here. She was Piss Girl.
	At the Arnett house, she went up on the porch and knocked at the door.
In a moment she heard Raymond's father's voice. "Who is it?"
	This time she knew the correct response. "It's Piss Girl," she said,
quite loudly.
	The front door opened and Raymond's father stood there. He looked her up
and down slowly. "You are a disgusting mess," he said finally.
	Jenna swallowed. "Yes, sir," she said breathlessly. "I did what you--I
followed your instructions, sir. Raymond told me to report to you. Sir."
	"Good," Raymond's father said. "But you don't expect me to allow you
into my house in that condition, do you, Piss Girl?"
	"I--I don't--I--"
	"Stop stuttering like an idiot. You will remove those stinking rags you
are wearing--all of them--before you enter my house."
	Jenna looked around fearfully. There were a few people passing on the
other side of the street. A few houses down a woman was sitting in a porch swing
reading a magazine. Other than that there wasn't much sign of life, but she
didn't know who might be watching from the houses. Or who might come along the
street at any moment. She thought of protesting, but she knew it was futile.
	"Once you have done that," Raymond's father continued, "you will take
that clothing to the garbage can there by the curb, and put it in. Then you may
come back and knock again." And he closed the door in Jenna's face.
	The people on the other side of the street had passed by, but there were
a few more pedestrians now on both sides. It was late afternoon and people were
returning home. A few cars passed by, and a man came out of the house directly
across the street and began to water his lawn. Jenna wondered if she could put
off what she had to do until there was less traffic, but she knew she couldn't.
Raymond's father was waiting, and possibly watching. There on the porch she
began taking off her clothes for the second time that day. She was breathing
hard, and she was shaking.
	Unbutting and pulling off her wet blouse, she tried not to look out at
the street, but she couldn't help it. Nobody seemed to notice her at first.
Then, as she pulled off her skirt, she saw the man across the street look up and
then stare at her, his watering hose forgotten. She looked away, but a man
passing on the sidewalk had seen her now, and stopped in his tracks, his eyes
wide. A woman down the block seemed to be pointing her out to her companion,
both with their mouths open. Oh god, she thought, what would happen? Would they
call the police? What if someone she knew saw her? What if--
	She was making a little sound with each breath she emitted as she took
off her bra. A passing car stopped. Another came up behind it and stopped too,
the driver honking his horn impatiently at first, until he turned to see what
the driver in front of him was staring at.
	Jenna took off her panties. There were tears in her eyes, but her
nipples protruded from her breasts like tiny rocket heads, and she could feel
them throbbing. Nevertheless she had to gather all her courage and will power to
pick up her discarded clothes and carry them out to the curb where the trash can
stood. She wanted to use them to cover her breasts and her crotch, but she
didn't. If Raymond's father was watching he would not like that. So she just
held them in her hands, her hands at her sides as she walked as steadily as she
could off the porch and down the little path to the curb, her breasts bouncing
nakedly with each step, her small brown patch of pubic hair glinting in the
afternoon light. Then she deposited her clothing in the metal can, turned, and
walked back to the porch. As far as she could hear, none of the people watching
her made any comments. They just stared.
	Shaking harder now, she knocked at the door again. "Who is it?" came the
familiar voice.
	Jenna swallowed. "It's Piss Girl," she said. She wondered how many of
the watchers could hear her.
	Raymond's father opened the door. "That's better," he said. "Come in,
Piss Girl."
	Jenna crossed the threshold, and Raymond's father closed the door after
her. He seemed unconcerned with whatever audience Jenna had collected. Perhaps
he had reason to be. After closing the door he turned to the naked girl. Then,
very suddenly and with no warning, he raised his hand and slapped her very hard
across the face.
	Jenna cried out and fell backwards, falling to the floor, as much from
shock and surprise as from the force of the blow. "What--why--" she gasped out.
	"Why?' Ramond's father said. "Why did I hit you, Piss Girl? Because I
wanted to. That's all. It was a whim. You are here to satisfy my whims, Piss
Girl. I don't need a reason for hitting you other than that. Isn't that right,
Piss Girl?"
	Jenna swallowed. "Yes," she breathed. "Yes, sir."
	"Right. And also to get you off your feet. From now on you are never to
stand upright in my presence, unless I order you to, or give you permission. As
a slave, you will be on your knees to me at all times unless told otherwise. Is
that clear, Piss Girl?"
	"Yes, sir."
	"I'm waiting," Raymond's father said.
	Jenna, who had been sprawled where she had fallen, hastily clambered
onto her knees. Nervous and quivering, she was uncertain whether to sit back on
her hauches or to kneel upright. She chose the former.
	"No," Raymond's father said.
	Quickly she pushed herself up so that she was in effect kneeling at
attention, her thighs at right angles to her calves, her weight pressing her
knees harder against the floor.
	"Straighten your back," Raymond's father said.
	Jenna obeyed, holding her body as rigid as she could.
	"Put your hands behind you. Crossed at the wrists."
	Again she did as he said. Her hard-nippled breasts thrust toward him,
her taut body still glistening with moisture. She knelt there with her eyes cast
down, not daring to look up at him.
	"Good," Raymond's father said. "That is your slave posture. That is how
you will present yourself to me at all times, and that is how you will remain in
my presence when not under other orders. Is that understood, Piss Girl?"
	"Yes, sir."
	"Now you may get on all fours and crawl into the bathroom, where you
will clean yourself off. You still stink of piss, a natural state for a piss
girl, but somewhat unsavory for the rest of us. When you have finished you will
crawl into the living room, where I will be waiting. Do not be long." He turned
and walked away.
	Jenna got on her hands and knees and crawled to the bathroom. She cried
helplessly as she showered and washed out her hair. She didn't quite know why
she was crying. Or rather, she was aware that there were so many reasons that
she couldn't possibly sort them out. Part of it was shame. Part of it anger,
mostly at herself. Part of it was simple relief at finally ridding her body of
the noxious feel and smell of urine. Part of it was a kind of despair at the
knowledge that she was giving up her life, her freedom, albeit willingly. And
part of it, she knew--perhaps the biggest part--was happiness.
	When she had finished she crawled into the living room. Raymond had
arrived now and was sitting there with his father. Jenna crawled to Raymon's
father's chair and knelt before him in her slave position, upright, her back
straight, her hands behind her, her eyes cast down.
	Raymond's father said, "Raymond has been telling me about your
performance today, Piss Girl. I am happy to hear that you carried out my orders
to the letter, with no trouble. I am convinced now that you will make an
excellent slave, and I have decided to take you on permanently."
	A surge of joy suffused Jenna's body, so unexpectedly strong that it
drowned out whatever other emotions she might have felt. She wanted to jump to
her feet, but she forced herself to remain in position. "Thank you, sir," she
said breathlessly. She could not restrain herself from looking up at him for a
moment, but his expression as he looked at her made her lower her eyes again.
	"As my permanent slave," Raymond's father went on, "I will want you to
live here, so that you will be available to me whenever I want you. I may have
you leave school to serve me full-time, but I have not yet decided that. You
will not have to bring any of your possessions when you come here. A slave does
not have possessions."
	A startled Jenna looked up at him again, her mouth and eyes wide.
"But--but sir I--I can't--I mean--I'm--my mother would--she wouldn't--she would
never--"
	"Stop stuttering, Piss Girl. Your mother would object to such a move. Of
course. I understand that. Do you have other family as well? A father? Brothers
nnd sisters."
	"N-no, sir. My father's dead, and I'm--I don't have any--"
	"Well, that makes it simpler, doesn't it? Don't worry about your mother,
Piss Girl. I will deal with her. In fact, you need not go home at all. Now that
you are here, you may as well stay. Raymond, show Piss Girl to the spare room,
where she will stay until further notice. She will crawl behind you, of course."
	"Can I fuck her?" Raymond said.
	His father looked at him in a way that made Raymond blanch a little. "I
thought you were tired of her, Raymond," his father said. "Didn't you have Piss
Girl at your beck and call, able to do anything you wanted with her? And didn't
you pass her on to me because she was too much for you to handle? Is my memory
failing me, Raymond, or is that not the case?"
	"Yes, sir," Raymond said. "But hell, it's not that she wasn't a good
lay, you know? And after watching her all day, with all those guys and
everything, well--it's made me horny as hell. You know?"
	"Of course. But let us get one thing clear, Raymond. Piss Girl is now my
slave, not yours. You will do nothing with her without my permission. Nothing.
At any time. Just like with your sister. You understand that, do you not?"
	"Yes, sir. I'm--I'm just asking permission now, Dad, okay? I'm really
hot for her now. Can I fuck her? Please?"
	"Yes," his father said.
					#
	"Hi, Chet," Armina Banks said, approaching him as he stood at his locker
between classes.
	Chet was surprised, but not nearly as discombobulated or as nervous as
he would have been until recently. The past few weeks had given him a lot more
self-assurance. He smiled at her.
	"Hi, Armina. How you doing?"
	She smiled back at him. "Okay. Listen, Chet, we were--a couple of us
girls were just wondering, you know? About--about you and Cindy. You know?"
	Chet took a book from his locker. "Me and Cindy? What about it?"
	"Well, you--she seems to be seeing a lot of you, and--well, you know, we
were just wondering what it was all about."
	"Why don't you ask Cindy?" Chet said. "You're her friend, right?"
	"Yes. But Cindy doesn't seem to want to talk about it much, you know? So
we--well, we ARE her friends, like you say, and we were wondering what the heck
is going on, you know? Like if there was something funny about it."
	This conversation suddenly reminded Chet of the one he had had with
Jenna Quaid a little while ago. He remembered the outcome of that little talk,
and what had happened inside his car, and his cock twitched. He looked into
Armina's large dark eyes for a moment, then slowly and deliberately lowered his
gaze, his eyes boldly checking out the rounded shapes of her breasts beneath her
sweater, moving down over her narrow waist, down to the shapely legs partially
revealed by her knee-length skirt. Just as slowly, he brought his eyes back up.
Then he smiled at her again.
	"What would you do to find out, Armina?" he said.  
	Armina slapped him, hard. "You pig!" she spat out. "Screw you, you
asshole!" And she turned and walked away.
	Chet rubbed his face. Faintly, he heard laughter from some students down
the hall who had evidently seen the slap. He slammed his locker closed and
hurried to his next class. He wondered if Armina was one of the girls Cindy
might get for him as part of the bargain he had offered her. He would like that
a lot.
					#
	"Daddy," Cindy said fearfully.
	"Yes, Cindy?" He was lying on top of her as she lay on her stomach on
her bed, his cock still in her ass, having just come inside her.
	"I was just--I was wondering--have you decided yet about what I asked
you? You know, about letting Chet give me to other boys?"
	"I'm still thinking about that, Cindy. How do you feel about it?"
	He knew she didn't want that, of course, but Cindy was aware that if she
told him that now, it might be enough to cause him to decide against her. On the
other hand, to say that she didn't mind the idea might be even worse. "I guess
it's up to you, Daddy," she said.
	"Yes, I guess it is," her father said. His hands slid beneath her,
clutching her breasts, and then squeezing them hard. Cindy gave a little cry of
pain, and his cock began to stiffen again inside her.
	"But didn't you say, Cindy, that Chet has threatened to take this action
only when and if he gets tired of you? Isn't that what you told me, Cindy?"
	"Well, yes, that's what he said, but--"
	"Well then," her father said, squeezing her breasts again, "you really
have no need to worry, do you, Cindy? All you have to do is to make sure that he
doesn't tire of you."
	"But--but Daddy--" Her voice was strained and she was gasping now with
the pain as her father's hands gripped and twisted her breasts. His cock was
swiftly returning to full erection.
	"I think it's a fine idea, Cindy. It should keep you on your toes and
ensure that your attentions and obedience to the lad will be unflagging. I'm
sure that's all he wants, Cindy. Yes, you may tell Chet he has my permission to
proceed. But only on that basis. Only if he does truly tire of the pleasures you
can afford him. But you must not let that happen, Cindy. Do you understand? If
your considerable charms and talents no longer suffice to please the young man,
you must come up with new delights, new means of stimulation. If you fail in
this task, Cindy, if you do drive the lad to allow others to sample your charms,
I will be very disappointed in you, Cindy. Extremely disappointed. And you know
I don't like being disappointed, Cindy. You know how angry it makes me. Don't
you, Cindy?"
	The strain in her voice was due to more than pain now. "Y-yes, Daddy.
I--I won't--I'll try, Daddy. I swear it. I will."
	"I'm sure you will, Cindy." His fingers sank into her flesh as he gave
her breasts a particularly vicious twist, and pushed himself deep inside his
daughter's ass as Cindy screamed and flailed beneath him.
					#
	Jenna heard the screams coming from Cindy's room. She had a pretty good
idea of what was going on in there, and she felt both excited and envious.
Cindy's father had ignored her since he had sent her upstairs with Raymond some
hours earlier. Raymond had taken her in his quick, rough way, hurting her a
little, but not enough, and then left. No one had told her to stay in her room,
but she hadn't had the courage to venture out. Now, listening to the sounds, she
wondered why Cindy's father had not yet had sex with her. She was his slave now.
She knew he found her attractive. Why would he, on her first day as a slave in
his house, choose to be with his daughter, who he must have had sex with many
many times by now, rather than her? She should have been the one making those
sounds, emitting those screams of anguish. The thought made her want to finger
herself, but she refrained. She knew instinctively that as a slave she had no
right to any pleasure that was not ordained by her master.    	
	Cindy's screams faded out eventually, and several minutes later Cindy's
father came into Jenna's room. Jenna had been lying on the bed, but she sat up
expectantly as he came in. She was still naked. Cindy's father was fully
clothed. He did not approach her, but sat down in a chair several feet away. For
a long moment he just looked at her, as if waiting for something. With a sudden
thrill of fearful excitement, Jenna realized what it was. Hastily she scrambled
off the bed and knelt on the floor facing him, her back straight and her hands
behind her.
	"That's better, Piss Girl," Cindy's father said. "From now on you will
be quicker. Or you will be trained to be, in ways you will not enjoy. Do you
understand?"
	"Yes, sir. I'm sorry, sir," Jenna said, almost panting.
	"I want you to tell me about your mother, Piss Girl," Cindy's father
said.
	"My mother? She--she'll be worried about me. Sir. About--where I am
and..."
	"Of course. But we will not keep her long in ignorance. You will be
calling your mother soon and informing her of your whereabouts."
	"You--you want me to tell her where I am?" Jenna blurted in surprise.
	"Is that not what I just said, Piss Girl?" Cindy's father said. "It is
tedious, not to mention presumptuous, for you to ask me to repeat myself."
	"I--I'm sorry, sir," Jenna whispered.
	"You will, in fact, impart this information in such a way as to impel
your mother to come here in search of you. I will tell you what to say, and you
will say it, clearly and convincingly. Do you understand?"
	Jenna's mouth opened in astonishment, and she started to say something,
but then stopped herself with an effort. "Yes, sir," she finally whispered.
	"But first I want you to tell me all about her," Cindy's father said.
"Her friends, her relatives, her job, her habits. Everything. Begin."
	Jenna's head was swimming. She had no idea what Cindy's father had in
mind, or why he wanted this information, but she was afraid to ask. Hesitantly,
she began telling him whatever she could think of about her mother, and he plied
her with questions to elicit further facts about her and her life. This went on
for some time, until finally he seemed satisfied that he had gotten as much out
of her as he could.                             
	When he stopped questioning her, Jenna somehow worked up the nerve to
ask him something in return. Her voice trembled with apprehension, but she felt
she had to know. "Sir?" she got out. "Please, sir, why are you asking these
things? What are you going to do about my mother?"
	His face darkened, and for a moment she thought he might hit her just
for asking the question. But he didn't. After a moment he spoke. "Whatever I
have to, Piss Girl, in order to make sure that she does not interfere with your
remaining here as my slave. You wouldn't want her to do that, would you, Piss
Girl?"
	"No, sir. But you--you're not going to--to hurt her or--"
	Cindy's father stood up, and Jenna's body instinctively shrank away from
him, though she did not move from her position. "Your filial concern is quite
touching, Piss Girl," he said contemptuously. "But if you must choose between
that and your desire to be my slave, I have no doubt which emotion would win
out. Have you, Piss Girl?"
	Jenna swallowed. "No, sir," she whispered.
	"Of course not." He moved toward her until he stood close in front of
her kneeling form, his crotch on a level with her face. Jenna could see the
bulge in his trousers, and her breath came faster.
	"You are a slave to your bones," he said, the contempt still in his
voice. Then with a sudden quick movement he unzipped his trousers and brought
out his stiff cock. Jenna caught her breath, and without conscious thought her
upper body swayed forward, her open mouth almost touching his turgid member. He
caught her hair in one hand and pulled her head back, and she gave a little cry.
	"I know you want it, Piss Girl," he said. "I know you can't wait to have
it." He pulled her toward him then, but turned his body slightly so that his
cock avoided her mouth. Still holding her hair, he began to shift his hips,
slapping his cock back and forth across her face. He did this several times,
leaving a residue of slimy moisture on her cheeks. "Well, you will, Piss Girl,"
he said. "Have no fear about that. You will suck me for hours on end. You will
take me down your throat until you choke on it, and then you will take me
further. You will swallow every drop of what I give you, and beg for more." He
pulled away from her then, and tucked his cock back in his pants, smiling at
Jenna's forlorn whimper. "When I say so," he said, zipping himself up. Then,
turning to leave, he added, "Perhaps when your mother is here to watch."
	Jenna stared at his back as he went through the door, closing it behind
him.
					#
	Cindy was now doubly desperate. Not only was Chet threatening to degrade
her even further by turning her over to his friends, making her into a whore and
irrevocably ruining her reputation and standing in the school, but now her
father had promised to punish her if she didn't prevent that. She didn't want to
think about what form that punishment might take; the very idea of it made her
sick to her stomach. She knew she had to try to appease Chet by taking him up on
his bargain. Somehow she had to get one of her friends to be nice to him. But
how was she to do that? she wondered. And even if she could, would one be
enough? Chet had been rather vague about that. He had said he would like to fuck
all of them, but then, she remembered, he had said something about "at least one
or two." Of course there was a part of her that suspected that Chet would never
be satisfied; that if she got him one girl, or even two, he would want more, and
would continue to hold his threat over her until she could no longer satisfy his
demands; but she didn't want to think about that either. Right now she had to
start with one. But who? And how?
	She mentally went over the list of her friends, those popular and pretty
enough for Chet to be interested in. Rachel Harris was probably her best friend,
but Rachel had expressed her dislike of and disdain for Chet emphatically and
often, even more than the other girls. Norma Veney was more adventurous than
most of the others, but she too had lavished scornful laughter on Chet, and had
aggressively challenged Cindy about her reasons for associating with him. She
couldn't think that either of them would even consider having sex with him. And
she couldn't blame them.
	Who else? Armina? Far too stuck-up. Melanie? That was a laugh; Melanie
was still a virgin, saving herself for marriage, she said. That just about
exhausted the elite circle, except for Sallie Jussel, and Sallie was going
steady with Russel Kerstetter, the star of the school football team, and was
madly in love with him. She wouldn't even look at another guy.
	Then Cindy had an idea.
					#
	Rhonda Quaid, Jenna's mother, was thirty-six years old, and looked
younger. Her hair was not naturally blonde, but the dye job was so well done it
would have fooled experts. She kept herself in trim with regular workouts and by
watching what she ate. She was a most attractive woman, and had had many offers
to marry again, but never had. Once had been quite enough for her.
	As Raymond's father had predicted, Rhonda Quaid came charging over to
his house immediately after receiving her daughter's phone call. What Jenna had
told her, at Raymond's father's direction, had been mostly the truth. That truth
alone would have been enough to bring any mother to what she thought of as her
daughter's rescue.
	Raymond's father was waiting for her. Raymond was there too. And there
were two other men present, although they said nothing and were not introduced.
Not that Rhonda Quaid would have waited for introductions.
	"You have my daughter here," were the first words she flung at Raymond's
father. It was half statement, half question.
	"That's right," Raymond's father said calmly. He was sitting in his
chair, with Raymond standing beside him. The other two men stood by the door.
	"Where is she?" Rhonda Quaid demanded.
	"She's upstairs at the moment," Raymond's father said.
	"Well, I'm here to take her home. Get her down here, please."
	"But she is home," Raymond's father said. "Your daughter lives here now.
I think she explained that to you on the phone, did she not?"
	Rhonda glared at him. "Look," she said angrily. "The girl is underage. I
don't know what you think you're doing, but you could be in big trouble, do you
understand? Now I'm taking Jenna home with me, so get her down here right now!"	
	Raymond's father said, "There are some things you must understand, Mrs.
Quaid. First of all, your daughter's name is no longer Jenna. It is Piss Girl."
Rhonda gaped at him and opened her mouth to say something, but he went on.
"Secondly, as you have now been told twice, she is living here. She will be
living here from now on. This is her choice. She is my slave. She wants to be my
slave. She enjoys being a slave. You must learn to accept that. And thirdly--"
	"I'm going to the police!" Rhonda Quaid declared. "Right now!" She
turned and marched toward the door. But she found the two silent men blocking
the doorway. "Get the hell out of my way!" she demanded, but the men did not
move. They were both very large men; one was white and one was black. They still
didn't say anything, but they stood there side by side, making it impossible for
her to pass.
	"Thirdly," Raymond's father continued, as though there had been no
interruption, "since it will obviously take some time for you to accept this
situation, it will be necessary for you also to remain here, in order to
preclude the possibility of just such actions as you have threatened to take. I
have no taste for complications. And since you are to stay here, you will be a
slave as well. I suggest you resign yourself to these facts, which will make
things a lot less arduous all around."
	Rhonda Quaid was staring at him in astonishment, her eyes wide, her
mouth open. "Are--are you crazy?!" she gasped finally. "Are you--What are you
talking about? You can't keep me here! You can't just--just--"
	"But I can," Raymond's father said.
	She turned again and tried to barrel her way out past the two men at the
door, but they stood firm, hardly having to move at all while resisting her
attempts to get through them. She whirled around to face the man in the chair.
Her eyes were blazing, her face red. "This is outrageous!" she exclaimed. "Where
is my daughter? I want to see her right now!"
	"Very well," Raymond's father said. "Raymond, go and bring Piss Girl
down here. As she is."
	Raymond grinned and went upstairs. A moment later he came down again,
with Jenna walking in front of him. She was naked.
	Rhonda Quaid gave a cry of shock and started to run to her daughter. But
at a word from Raymond's father, the two men swiftly stepped forward and caught
her by the arms, holding her back. She struggled, cursing and pleading, but they
held her fast. When Jenna saw her, her face went pale, but she said nothing.
After her first glance, she didn't look at her mother. When she reached the
bottom of the stairs, she immediately turned to face Raymond's father and went
down to her knees, placing her hands behind her.
	"Jenna!" her mother cried, still struggling. "For god's sake! What are
you--Oh Christ! Let me go, you bastards!"
	Raymond's father waited until her futile struggles had diminished, and
her cries turned to heavy panting, interspersed with gasps and sobs. "As you can
see, Mrs. Quaid," he said then, "Piss Girl has been well trained. As you will
be. Although in your case it will probably take a little more effort. Just how
onerous that training will be for you is really up to you. If you can--"
	"You filthy bastard!" Rhonda shrieked. She again tried to struggle
against the hands that held her, but to no avail. "Jenna!" she cried. "For god's
sake! Have you gone crazy? Oh Christ, this can't be happening! Jenna, please!
Please!"
	Jenna was trembling. But she stayed as she was, her eyes on the floor.
	Raymond's father sighed. "It is obvious that you will have to accept the
fact of your daughter's slavery before you can accept your own. Very well, let
me give you a further demonstration. Piss Girl, crawl to Raymond and suck his
penis until he comes."
	Rhonda Quaid gasped. Jenna swallowed, but she hesitated barely a second
before placing herself on all fours and crawling over to where Raymond stood,
grinning. There she resumed her kneeling posture and quickly unzipped his pants.
	"Turn the other way, Raymond," his father said. "So that Mrs. Quaid can
see her daughter's face as she services you." Raymond shifted position, and
Jenna moved on her knees to follow him. She didn't look at her mother as she
freed his stiff cock and then took it in her mouth.
	Rhonda Quaid began to sob as she watched her daughter sucking on the
boy's member. Her legs buckled, and she would have collapsed if the men hadn't
continued to hold her up by her arms.
	When Raymond showed signs of being ready to come, his father spoke
again. "Take his come on your face, Piss Girl," he said. And as the boy's body
stiffened and his hands tightened in her hair to hold her to him, Jenna, with an
effort, managed to pull her mouth away from his twitching phallus, just far
enough so that she could grasp it with her hand and keep it pointed at her face
as he spurted gob after gob of semen over her eyes, nose and mouth.
	Rhonda Quaid's sobs became louder. For several moments her sobbing and
Raymond's post-climactic panting were the only sounds in the room. Jenna resumed
her slave position, her hands behind her back, the come running down her face
and dripping onto her breasts.
	"There, you see," Raymond's father said finally. "Your daughter will do
anything I tell her. And she's happy to do it. Isn't that right, Piss Girl?"
	"Yes, sir," Jenna said, without raising her eyes from the floor.
	"An admirable attitude," Raymond's father said. "I hope you will learn
to emulate it, Mrs. Quaid. In fact, I'm sure you will. Sooner or later."
	Rhonda was still sobbing, but more softly now. Through her tears, her
eyes blazed at him. "I'll kill you for this!" she said wildly. "I'll put you in
jail forever, you--you monster! How can you--" Again she struggled frantically
against the hands that held her, but to no avail. "You--you can't do this! You
can't just keep us here! We'll be missed--people will--"
	"That is already being taken care of," Raymond's father said calmly.
"You and your daughter have been called away. A family emergency, very sudden.
You will be gone indefinitely. I assure you, no one will be looking for you. And
I would advise you not to threaten me again. Now I am going to instruct these
gentlemen to let you go, and then I want you to take off your clothes."
	The woman stared at him, her face turning red. Her sobbing stopped, but
she was still breathing heavily as a result of her exertions and her anger. She
opened her mouth, but no words came out at first. When she did speak, her voice
was clear, if a bit unsteady. She said, "You go to hell, you fucking filthy
piece of shit."
	"Break her arm," Raymond's father said.
					#
	"Sallie," Cindy said, "I want you to do me a big favor, okay?"
	"What is it?" Sallie Jussel said. She was a slender but curvaceous girl
with long, very curly red hair.
	"Don't be shocked, okay?" Cindy said. "This is really important to me.
If you do it, I'll--I'll be your friend for life, okay?"
	"I thought you already were," Sallie said, grinning.
	"Well of course I am, but--I mean--"
	"What's the big deal?" Sally inquired. "What do you want?"
	Cindy took a breath. "I want you to have sex with Chet Browder," she
said.
	Sallie stared at her, then laughed. "Oh, right," she said. "I'll do that
right after lunch, okay? Right after I jump off the nearest cliff."
	"I'm serious," Cindy said. "Just do it once, okay? That's all I'm
asking. It's really--I really need you to do this, Sallie."
	"Are you nuts?" Sallie demanded. "What are you smoking, anyway? Chet
Browder? I wouldn't--Hey, look, I know you're involved with him in some way, I
mean, everybody's wondering about it. What the hell's going on?"
	"Never mind that. If you'll just--"
	"Come on, Cindy, that's crazy. Even if it wasn't for Russ, I could never
do it with a weirdo like that. But you know Russ and I are really tight. I
wouldn't cheat on him for anything. With anybody. And Chet--Jesus!"
	"Russ wouldn't have to know," Cindy said. "I swear I won't tell him, and
Chet certainly won't. Russ would murder him. And nobody else would ever--"
	"Cindy! Jesus. No way!" Sallie said emphatically. "Just no freaking way,
okay?"
	There was a brief pause. Then Cindy said, "You like Russ a lot, right?"
	"What do you mean? Of course I do. I love him. We're gonna be married
after we--"
	"Not if I take him away from you," Cindy said.
	Sallie stared. "What?"
	"I can do it, you know. I can get him any time I want him. I can get any
guy in this school if I put my mind to it. Not to mention my body. You gotta
know that, Sallie. I don't care how crazy about you he is, I can get him so
crazy he won't even look at you any more. You know that, right?"
	Sallie was dumbfounded. "Jesus...Cindy...what the hell are you--"
	"I'll do it, Sal. If I have to. I'm sorry, but I will, I swear, unless
you help me out here. I really need you to do this. Just one time, and you have
nothing to worry about. But if you don't, I'll have Russ breaking up with you so
fast it'll make your head spin. Okay?"
	"You...you bitch!" Sallie gasped. "I can't believe this! And I thought
you were my friend!"
	"I am," Cindy said. "But I'm desperate here, and I have to do whatever I
can. That's just how it is. So what do you say?"
	"What do I say?" Sallie had tears in her eyes. "I say you can go to
hell, Cindy Arnett. I don't think you can take Russ away from me. In fact, I
know you can't. So do your damnedest. But I don't ever want to talk to you
again!" And with that she walked off down the corridor.
	"Shit," Cindy muttered.
					#
	Rhonda Quaid barely had time to react to the order given by Ramond's
father before it was carried out. The man holding her left arm swiftly twisted
it up behind her back, pushing up on her wrist until she cried out with pain,
going on tiptoe and arching her body in an instinctive effort to relieve the
pressure. The man simply continued, pushing upward until there was a loud
cracking sound, and Rhonda screamed in crazed agony, the sound reverberating
throughout the house. She continued to scream, though with diminishing
shrillness, as both men released her and she crumpled to the floor, her right
hand clutching at her arm, which now hung limply at an irregular angle. She
cradled it as best she could, hunched over in a half-sitting, half-lying
position, rocking slightly, her screams turning into cries and moans of horror
and disbelief as well as pain, interspersed with sobs.
	"You see, Mrs. Quaid," Raymond's father said, over the sounds she was
making. "Insolence will not be tolerated here. Nor will disobedience. Take off
your clothes."
	It was as if she hadn't heard him at first, simply rocking back and
forth, moaning and crying, as if too absorbed in her pain to be aware of
anything else. Then, gradually, his words seemed to sink in, and she lifted her
head and stared at him through her tears.
	"Break the other one," Raymond's father said.
	That got to her. "NO!" she screamed, as the black man bent down toward
her. "NO! PLEASE! OH GOD, I--I'LL DO IT...PLEASE...NO..."
	"All right," Raymond's father said, and the black man straightened up.
Rhonda made a whimpering sound in which relief and fear were mixed.
	"I'm waiting," Raymond's father said.
					#
	"Hey, Russ," Cindy said.
	"Hey, hi, Cindy. How you doin'?"
	Russ was a football player, and built like one. His body was broad and
powerful-looking. Compact and swarthy, with coarse dark hair, he wasn't
particularly handsome, but his friendly smile and frank, forthcoming personality
enhanced the popularity his position as team captain naturally brought him.
	"I'm doing fine." They were standing at his locker, and now she looked
around to be sure that no one was listening to their conversation. "I'm here to
do you a favor, Russ."
	"Oh yeah?" He smiled. "What's that, Cindy?"
	"I'm gonna let you fuck me in the ass," Cindy said.
					#
	Of course she couldn't do it. One arm was completely useless, and gave
her agonizing pain with every move she made. Not to mention the fact that she
was being watched by four strange men, along with her naked daughter. Physically
it was impossible; emotionally it was unthinkable.
	But she tried.
	She had no choice.
	She was crying, of course, and moaning with the pain, the moans giving
way to shouts of agony each time her broken arm moved at all, the fractured
bones grinding together. She tried to keep it as still as possible as, with her
right hand, she fumbled to undo the buttons of her blouse. Her hand was shaking
badly, and she could hardly see through her tears, which added to the difficulty
of the task. But finally she got the blouse unbuttoned. Pulling it out of her
slacks, she managed to slip it off her right shoulder and down her arm, but it
took great effort and much pain to guide it over her left shoulder and then off
the arm that was broken. Her face was almost white, and she was gasping between
her moans and sobs. Underneath the blouse she was wearing a black brassiere, in
which her full, rounded breasts quivered enticingly.
	She had done this while still on the floor, and now she would have to
stand up. Either that or take off her brassiere, which she didn't see how she
could do. But standing up would not be easy either. Nerving herself, she tried,
attempting to brace herself on her good arm while getting her feet beneath her.
The movement jostled the other arm and she cried out and collapsed. After a
moment she tried again, but without success. Moaning and panting, she rested on
her knees, her head bowed.
	"Help her," Raymond's father said to the men standing over her. One of
them reached down, tangled his hand in her hair and pulled her up by it. She
came up screaming. The man held her by her hair until she managed to stay on her
feet, swaying and sobbing loudly.
	"Continue," Raymond's father said.
					#
	Cindy had to laugh at the expression on Russ's face. He just gaped at
her, unable to think of anything to say.
	"Sallie never lets you do that, does she?" Cindy said. "I know she
doesn't. Girls talk, you know. I know all about what you guys do. Sallie likes
to fuck all right, but she's scared of doing anal, so she's never let you in
there. But I will, Russ. And you'll love it. You'll just go crazy for it, I bet.
How about it?"
	Russ was still staring, and his face was red. "What--Cindy--Jesus--what
are you--"
	"I'll suck your cock for you too," Cindy said. "I know Sallie does that
sometimes, but she's not as good as I am. I'm terrific with my mouth, Russ. And
I swallow, too. I'll do anything you want, Russ. You've never had anybody like
me, I guarantee it. What do you say?"
	"I--" Russ gulped. "Jesus, Cindy, I don't--What the hell is going on
here anyway? Is this a joke? Some kind of dare or something? What--"
	"No joke," Cindy said. "I'll prove it to you. Right now, if you want.
Let's find someplace, and I'll fuck your brains out. Come on."
	"Hold it." Russ licked his lips. He was shaking his head, but even so,
his eyes, she saw, could not help traveling over her revealingly clothed body.
"Damn, Cindy," he said then. "I--I'd love to, but--but Sallie--you know--I
can't--"
	"Never mind Sallie," Cindy said. "I'll make you forget all about her. I
promise. Come on, Russ. It'll be the best you ever had, and I'll do it as much
as you want. Anytime you want. Okay?"
	"God damn it!" Russ said. "Sallie and I are--we're practically engaged,
for Christ sake. I just--I couldn't--"
	Cindy looked around again. It was the end of the school day, and now the
corridor was almost deserted. Cindy took a deep breath. Then she took hold of
Russ's hands and placed them on her breasts.
	Russ made a gasping sound, and his hands automatically tightened over
the luscious mounds, unfettered by a brassiere yet still high and firm under her
thin pullover. She knew he could feel her nipples under his palms. She waited to
see if he would take his hands away. He didn't. She reached out and brushed a
hand over the front of his pants. There was a bulge there, and she felt it
twitch under her fingers.
	"Come on," Cindy whispered. "Let's find an empty room."
	Russ went with her.
					#
	Rhonda had managed to open the button at the side of her skirt and pull
down the little zipper, and now she stood with the skirt around her feet, facing
Raymond's father clad only in brassiere and panties. The two large men stood on
either side of her. Raymond had sat down in a chair, and her daughter was still
in her kneeling position, her eyes on the floor. Rhonda was shaking badly, and
moaning. Her broken arm dangled, though she tried to keep it as still as
possible.
	"Continue," Raymond's father said again.
	She tried. Though every movement gave her agony, and though the thought
of baring her breasts to these men made her sick to her stomach, she still
tried. She put her good hand behind her, straining to reach the clasps on her
brassiere. But they were too tight, too unwieldy; she couldn't open them with
one hand. She tried instead pulling one of the straps off her right shoulder,
but that was too awkward, and she had no hope of getting the left one off over
her broken arm. Her efforts left her panting with pain and fright.
	"I can't..." she gasped out. "Oh god...please..."
	"Help her," Raymond's father said to the men.
	The black man stepped in front of her, took hold of her bra between her
breasts, and with one mighty yank tore it from her body. Rhonda screamed and
nearly doubled over, clutching at her dangling arm. A second later the other man
moved behind her and ripped her panties from her. Naked now, she remained
crouched over, her good arm vainly trying to hide her body, until Raymond's
father ordered her to stand up straight and keep her arms by her side, and she
did so, gasping and moaning and still shaking hard.
	"Very nice," Raymond's father said. "Not a natural blonde, I see. I
didn't think so. But you won't have to worry about dying your hair any more.
Slaves do not dye their hair, except at their owner's pleasure, and I prefer
things to be natural. Otherwise I have no complaints. I'm sure you will be a
source of much pleasure, when properly trained."
	"Oh God..." Through the waves of pain his words sank in, adding to her
already acute feelings of horror and fear and degradation, but the pain was
uppermost in her consciousness right now, pounding through her body from her
dangling arm, which she could not even hold now, and she felt as if she might
lose consciousness. She swayed on her feet. "My arm..." she gasped weakly. "Oh
God, please, I can't..."
	Raymond's father's eyes continued to check out her naked body. "Be
still," he commanded. "Your arm will be fine. I will not have a crippled slave.
Raymond, call Dr. Calley. Tell him to come now." Raymond got up, rather
reluctantly, and left the room. "Dr. Calley is a friend of mine," his father
went on. "He will set the arm and splint it so that it will heal properly. He
will ask no questions, and will keep no records. Of course, for this special
service he will deserve a reward, even apart from the considerable amount of
money he will require. Therefore, as your first slave duty, you will favor him
with your mouth. Until he is satisfied."
	Even after what she had seen and experienced so far, Rhonda Quaid was
filled with shock and revulsion at this matter-of-fact statement. For the moment
it even took her mind off her almost unbearable pain. Her face went deadly pale,
and her tear-filled eyes widened as she stared at the man in the chair. Almost
without her realizing it, her head shook back and forth in denial.
	"No..." she breathed. "You--you can't...no..."
	Raymond's father sighed. "Yes, I can, Mrs. Quaid. And so can you. You
must learn that, and accept it. To put you in practice, and to pass the time
while we wait for the doctor, you will use that mouth for the enjoyment of these
two gentlemen."
	Rhonda gave a tiny scream, turning her head right, then left, to take in
the men on either side of her. Their faces were impassive. She turned back to
Raymond's father, fresh tears filling her eyes. "No, please..." she whimpered.
"For God's sake, I can't--you can't just--please..."
	"Do it now," Raymond's father said. His eyes were like ice.
	She was moaning. Again she shook her head uncosciously. In spite of her
fear and pain, a stubborn sense of resistance gathered inside her, protesting
against the impossible things that were happening to her. "No!" she almost
shouted, shaking and gasping for breath through her sudden sobs. "No! I can't!
Oh Jesus help me..."  
	"Break her other arm," Raymond's father said.
	"NO!" Panic took her now. "NO! NO, PLEASE--" But she had hardly gotten
the words out before one of the men--she didn't even know which--moved behind
her and, with the same swiftness and dispatch as the first time, pushed her
right arm up behind her back with inexorable strength until it snapped. Simple
as that.
	Her scream was terrible. She fell to the floor, howling, and continued
to emit agony-filled cries as she squirmed and writhed on her belly, twisting
helplessly, her arms limp and useless. Raymond's father waited only until the
volume of her screams had diminished enough for him to be heard over them. "Go
ahead," he said then to the two men. At that moment Raymond returned and sat
down in his chair, watching in fascination.
	One of the men--the white one--reached down and took hold of her hair as
before. This time he pulled her up to her knees as she squalled with the added
pain, and held her there, by her hair, kneeling erect, while the other man moved
in front of her and opened his trousers. Then his cock was out, large and black
and fully erect, poking at her lips. She couldn't turn her head away, and when
the white man twisted his fingers in he hair, increasing the fire in her scalp,
she was forced to cry out, and the man in front of her thrust his penis deep
into her open mouth.
	She choked on it at first, but he kept it where it was, pulling back
only enough to allow her to breathe, while the other man's grip on her hair kept
her from moving away. The cock filled her mouth as she gasped for breath through
her nostrils, while desperate but stifled sounds of pain and horror issued from
her throat.
	"Suck him, Mrs. Quaid," Raymond's father said. "I really don't want to
have your legs broken as well. But I will, if necessary."
	A smothered scream came from her cock-stuffed mouth, followed by fresh
sobs and whimpers. But she slowly allowed her quivering lips to close around the
rigid shaft, and she felt the other man's grip at her hair loosen slightly, just
enough to allow her head a bit of movement. Fresh tears flowed down her cheeks
as she began to do as she was told. Her head bobbed slowly, her lips sliding up
and down over the throbbing piece of meat in her mouth. It was so thick that her
tongue could not help brushing the underside with each movement. The man stayed
perfectly still and let her pleasure him. At one point she heard Raymond's
father's voice telling her to suck him deeper, and she tried, taking as much as
she could until she gagged on it. She heard herself crying, but she didn't dare
stop. Through it all, over it all, was the unbelievable agony of her dangling
arms, which was intensified by each movement of her head. But she didn't dare
stop. She was sure she would pass out, she almost prayed to pass out. To wake up
in her bed and find that it was all a nightmare. But no. It was real. And she
didn't dare stop.
	At last the man grunted and came, shooting his jism into her throat. She
choked, coughing and spitting it out as he withdrew from her mouth. She would
have collapsed, but she couldn't, for the men immediately changed places, the
black man now taking over the grip on her hair, holding her upright on her
knees, while the other moved in front of her and produced his cock, shoving it
to the hilt into her sobbing mouth. It was not as large as the first one, and
she managed to take it without choking, but soon she was moaning and gasping
with agony, for this man took a more active role, actually fucking her face,
thrusting his cock again and again into her mouth, jerking her head against the
terrible pull of her hair and jarring her useless arms so that the bones ground
together with each thrust. She was screaming around his battering penis by the
time he finished, spurting again and again into her mouth, and then holding
himself there for a long moment as if waiting for her to continue. Finally he
pulled out of her, and his sperm dribbled and bubbled from her pain-twisted
lips.
	"You must learn to swallow a man's semen, Mrs. Quaid," came Raymond's
father's voice. "A slave always swallows, unless told otherwise. You will do so
with the doctor, when he arrives."
	Rhonda Quaid could not stop crying.
					#
	"I have good news, Chet," Cindy said. She was kneeling naked at his
feet, having just given him his daily blow job.
	"Oh, yes?" Chet said. "And what might that be, Cindy?"
	"I've done it. I've gotten one of my friends to have sex with you. Just
like you wanted, okay?"
	Chet's eyes lit up. "Really? That's great, Cindy. Who?"
	"Sallie Jussel."
	There was a pause. "Sallie Jussel?" Chet repeated.
	"Yes, Sallie. She's one of my best--"
	"Yeah, I know who she is."
	"You like her, don't you, Chet? She's very pretty, and--and sexy and--"	
"Yeah, she's okay. She's fine. She'll do fine. For a start."
	"A start?" Cindy said, a little fearfully.
	"Yeah, a start. You don't think I'm gonna settle for just one, do you,
Cindy?"
	"But--but you said--"
	"What did I say, Cindy? Didn't I say I wanted you to get me one within
the week? Well, you did it, Cindy. You did fine. Now you have another week to
get me the next one."
	"But Chet--"
	"And this time I don't want just any old friend, Cindy. I want one in
particular. You understand?"
	Cindy gulped. "Chet, I don't--"
	"I want Armina Banks," Chet said.
	Cindy stared at him. "You--you want--"
	"Armina Banks. That uppity stuck-up bitch. I want her, Cindy. That's
your next assignment. In a week. Okay?"
	Cindy bit her lip. "But Chet, I can't--I don't know how I can--"
	"Find a way," Chet said. "Just like you did with Sallie Jussel. How did
you do that, by the way?"
	"Well, I--I just did," Cindy said. "But, Chet, Armina is a whole
different--"
	"I asked you a quesiton, Cindy. How did you get Sallie Jussel to agree
to have sex with me?"
	"What does it matter, Chet? You get to fuck her, that's the important
thing, right? But Armina--I don't--"
	Chet sighed. He reached down and took hold of Cindy's nipples between
his thumbs and forefingers. Then he began to squeeze them, and then to twist. He
squeezed and twisted very hard, and soon Cindy was writhing on the floor and
screaming.
	"When I ask you a question you answer me, Cindy," Chet said, still
twisting. "You should know that by now. Now I want you to tell me how you got
Sallie to do it."
	Cindy told him.
					#
	Dr. Calley was in his late fifties, a wizened, gray-haired little man
with yellowed teeth and prominent veins in his nose. He did not seem at all 
surprised to see two naked women on their knees, one of them in obvious mental
and physical distress, the other quiet and unmoving, holding her hands behind
her; but his small eyes glittered as they slid carefully over both mother and
daughter, inch by inch.
	"These are two new slaves," Raymond's father told him. "This one is
named Piss Girl, and if you like you may piss on her later. The other one has
not been named yet. Her arms are broken and need to be attended to. Afterwards
you may use her mouth, and she will swallow your semen. If she does not, she
will soon have further need for your services. Do you understand, Mrs. Quaid?"
	Rhonda's loud, uneven breathing filled the room. Her eyes were terrible.
But she could not look at him, nor at the doctor, nor anywhere but at the floor.
"Yes," she whispered through quivering lips.
	"Good. Proceed, doctor."
	The doctor's hands were surprisingly gentle as they examined her
dangling arms, but she still cried out with pain at his touch. "I shall have to
give her a sedative before setting the bones," he said to Raymond's father. "It
will make her a bit groggy. Consequently, if it's all the same to you, I would
prefer to have her service me beforehand, while her faculties are in full
working order."
	Raymond's father waved his hand. "As you wish, my friend."
	The doctor unzipped himself and took out his penis, which was already
semi-hard. He brought it to Rhonda's mouth, and she, with only the tiniest of
moans, took it in. It soon grew to full length in her mouth. The doctor put his
hands in her hair, but without pressure, allowing her to move her head on her
own. Which she did. She could hardly believe she had any tears left, but fresh
tears trickled down her cheeks as she sucked him. It did not take long. She
heard Raymond's father telling her again to swallow, but she didn't need another
warning; she knew what she had to do. She couldn't take any more pain. When he
came in her mouth with a series of little grunts, she forced herself to gulp
down his jism. It was surprisingly copious, and she barely avoided gagging on
it, but she choked it all down and kept it down. Finally he pulled out of her as
she swallowed the last of it, and she knelt there with her breath coming in
great heaving, rasping gasps.
	"That's better," Raymond's father said.
	The doctor then administered a sedative, set her arms and splinted them,
giving Raymond's father instructions for her further care. Raymond's father
invited him to use her again if he felt like it, but the doctor replied that at
his age one orgasm an evening was about all he could handle. He did, however,
accept the offer to piss on Jenna before he left.
					#
	"Let me get this straight," Chet said. "Sallie Jussel is going to have
sex with me because you fucked her boy friend?"
	"Yes," Cindy said. She was sitting on the floor, hunched over, with her
arms crossed af if protectively over her breasts, which were still throbbing.
"Because I told her I would send him back to her if she did."
	"And meanwhile you're still fucking him?"
	Cindy looked nervous. "I have to keep him interested, Chet, you know?
Until it happens. Then I'll cut him off. It was the only way I could--"
	Chet was laughing. "Don't you see the irony of it, Cindy?" he said.
"You're fucking some other guy to keep me happy so I won't make you fuck other
guys. Right? You're turning yourself into a whore so I won't turn you into a
whore. I love it!"
	There was a pause. "I'm a whore anyway," Cindy said then, with a trace
of bitterness.
	"Yeah, that's right. So why try so hard to avoid it?"
	"At least I'm--I don't know. I don't know any more." Cindy was almost
crying. "Anyway, my father--"
	"Your father what?"
	"Well, he wants me to--to keep you happy. You know."
	"And if you don't do that he'll punish you, is that it? Even worse than
usual?"
	"Oh, God," Cindy said.
	"Then you better do it," Chet said. "Armina, here I come. And after her
I think I'll take Norma Veney. I always wanted to see those tits of hers."
	Cindy moaned.
	"So you just marched up to Russel Kerstetter and seduced him, did you?"
Chet said. "Took him away from old Sallie just like that. It's that easy for
you, isn't it, Cindy?"
	Cindy kind of shrugged.
	"Come on, tell me about it," Chet said.
	Cindy's arms tightened over her breasts. They still ached from what Chet
had done to her when she had avoided his previous question. "I--I told him he
could fuck me in the ass," she said slowly. "And--and that, you know--I would do
whatever he wanted. Because Sallie--I knew there are some things Sallie doesn't
do. You know?"
	"Oh, really?" Chet said. "We'll just see about that."
					#
	During the time it took for her arms to heal, Rhonda did not see
Raymond's father again.
	She was put into an upstairs room, with an iron collar around her neck.
The collar was fastened to a long chain, the other end of which was set in the
wall. The chain was just long enough to allow her to move around her room and
into the small bathroom next door to it. She was kept naked. The window in her
room was boarded over. She was given nothing to amuse herself with, nothing to
read. At first she had tried screaming for help, hoping against hope that
someone outside would hear her, but it was futile. She screamed anyway, until
she made herself hoarse, but it did no good. Her food was brought to her either
by Jenna or by Cindy, but they both had instructions not to talk to her, and
they did not. The food was placed on the floor, and until she regained the use
of her arms, she was forced to eat it like a dog, crouching on her knees and
slurping the food up with her mouth from the dish or bowl. Occasionally Jenna
would bathe her, but again without saying a word or making any response to her
questions and pleas.
	Although Raymond's father did not visit her during this time, Raymond
did so often. He didn't speak to her either, except to give her orders as to
what he wanted her to do for him, or let him do to her. If, as she did the first
few times, she showed any reluctance, he would simply force her. Raymond took
her every way he could think of, and although she quickly learned that it was
futile to resist, it was still very painful, even with her arms in splints. Her
screaming, she was sure, could be heard throughout the house. Sometimes she
pictured Raymond's father sitting downstairs, listening to her screams and
smiling.
	The doctor came every few days to check on her arms. She had to suck him
off as before, but at least he never demanded anything else. Kneeling on the
floor and ministering to his cock was less torturous than lying beneath Raymond
as he rammed himself into her with hard, jarring thrusts that made the bones in
her arms send out signals of agony with each lunge. Or being forced to sit
astride him and ride his cock, trying vainly to keep her arms from jouncing
around as she pumped herself up and down. Or worst of all, crouching over with
her ass in the air, her weight resting on her shoulders while Raymond ravaged
her asshole, pounding mercilessly into her tight passage, his hands reaching
around to clutch and squeeze her dangling breasts, heedless of the way he
crushed and jostled her helpless arms against her body. The compound agony of
her plundered ass, her cruelly constricted breasts and her still unhealed arms
was ultimately unbearable, and on two or three occasions she actually passed out
from the pain. This angered Raymond, and he would wake her up by pulling her
head back sharply by her hair, adding yet another source of torment to her
ordeal, and hold her that way until he finished his assault, while she screamed
and blubbered, wishing only that she could pass out yet again.   
	 One day, when her arms were almost healed, the two men who had been
there the night she had first shown up appeared in her room. Evidently they had
done something for Raymond's father for which they were now being rewarded, the
reward being a night with Rhonda. It was the worst night of her life, thus far.
For one thing, she was in constant terror that they were going to break her arms
again. She knew better than to resist or make any objection to anything they did
or told her to do, but still they were rough with her, very rough. They didn't
break her arms, or anything else, but they seemed to derive pleasure out of
making her suffer while they had their way with her. They were at her almost
constantly througout the night, one or the other or both at once. Often one
would hold her and do things to her that made her scream or cry or writhe about
in pain, while the other fucked her, looking into her tear-filled eyes and
grinning. When they both took her at once, one in her vagina and one in her ass,
they seemed to compete to see who could fuck her harder, and that competition
went on and on until Rhonda thought she would die. Then they switched places. By
morning she was covered with their sperm, and it was running out of all her
holes. They took her into the bathroom, put her in the tub and pissed on her
before they left. With her arms still bandaged, she was not yet able to wash
herself. She reeked of piss and come for the rest of the day.
	The time finally came when the doctor removed the splints and the
bandages and pronounced her healed. Still her chain was not removed, and her
conditions did not change. Her inquiries and pleas to Jenna and Cindy when they
brought her food, and even to Raymond when he came to fuck her, brought no
response. Another week passed, and she truly thought she might go crazy.
	Then, early one morning, Raymond's father came to her room. She was
sitting on the bed, and although she had been naked for weeks now, she had an
intense urge to cover herself up. But she knew it was useless, even if she'd had
the means. For a moment he just stood looking at her, and she began to tremble.
She wanted to say something--to scream, to shout, to curse him, to tell him he
could not do this to her, to beg for release, something... But she could not
find her voice.
	Finally he spoke. "I have decided on your name," he said. "It will be
Cock Sucker. Remember it." And he turned and left.
	Rhonda started to cry.
	The next morning Raymond's father came again. This time Raymond was with
him.
	"What is your name, slave?" Raymond's father said.
	Rhonda swallowed. "Please," she said hoarsely. "Please, you can't keep
me like this. I can't stand it, I'll go crazy, please, for god's--"
	"Raymond," he said. "Whip her." And he left.
	Raymond took off his belt. He was grinning. Rhonda's eyes went wide, and
a whimper of fear escaped her throat. On the bed, she instinctively curled
herself into a foetal position, trying to protect as much of herself as she
could. Raymond held the belt by the buckle and swung it back. Then it lashed out
and made a fiery streak across her back. Rhonda screamed loudly and rolled over,
still curled into a ball. The belt slashed across her legs, and then along her
upper arms, narrowly missing her face. Another scream, and she turned away, only
to feel the vicious lash on her back again. Raymond swung hard, the belt landing
on her tender flesh with a loud cracking sound, and as he swung again and again,
Rhonda, desperate to escape the blows, rolled off the bed and started running
about almost blindly, her chain creaking and rattling as she scrambled from one
side of the room to the other. But Raymond, and the wicked strap, followed her
inexorably, raining lashes upon her back, her breasts, her legs, her behind,
never pausing, never lessening in severity. Screaming and howling and pleading
brokenly, she turned and twisted and ran, but she could not avoid the agonizing
punishment. Finally she stumbled and fell to her knees and then onto her
stomach, yowling helplessly while Raymond continued to whip her back and
buttocks and thighs as though he would never stop, until finally his arm gave
out. At which time he dropped on top of her and rammed himself brutally into her
ass, savagely fucking her writhing body until he came inside her.
	The next morning the two of them showed up again.
	"What is your name, slave?" Raymond's father asked.
	An involuntary whining sound came from her throat, and she opened her
mouth to answer, but she could not say it. Shaking with fear, she could not say
it. If she acknowledged that name it would mean he had broken her, bent her by
force to his will, which was what he wanted. She would no longer be herself. She
would be nothing. Something inside her wouldn't allow that. She tried to say it,
but she couldn't.
	Instead she said, chokingly, "My-my name is Rhonda. Rhonda Quaid."
	"Whip her," Raymond's father said, and left as before.
	This time the whipping was worse. Raymond tied her hands behind her so
that she could not protect her body, and he concentrated on whipping her breasts
whenever he could reach them, which was often. She had never known such agony,
even when her arms were broken. Her screams and howls were almost continuous as
the savage belt cracked repeatedly across her vulnerable bosom, and she begged
him to stop, between her screams, begged him for mercy, but to no avail. This
time when he finally finished, he straddled her recumbent body, grabbed her hair
in both hands and laughed as he fucked her screaming, sobbing, moaning mouth
until she choked on his come.
	The next morning they were there again.
	"What is your name, slave?" Raymond's father said.
	Her voice was low and unsteady, but she said it. "C-cock Sucker," she
whispered.
	"I can't hear you," Raymond's father said.
	She bit her lip. "Cock Sucker," she said, more loudly.
	"Look at me," Raymond's father said. "And tell me that. 'My name is Cock
Sucker.' Say it."
	Trembling, tears in her eyes, she forced herself to look up at him.
"My--my name is Cock Sucker," she got out.
	"Good," Raymond's father said. "And what are you?"
	She knew what he wanted to hear. She didn't want to say it. But she knew
what would happen if she didn't. She couldn't take any more of that. She
swallowed. "I am a slave," she said.
	"Show me," Raymond's father said.
	She hesitated, unsure of what he meant. His manner gave no clue, nor did
Raymond's. "What-what do you want me to do?" she said shakily.
	Raymond's father turned away. "Whip her," he said.
	And Raymond did.
	The next morning she could hardly move.
	"What is your name?" Raymond's father said.
	"My name is Cock Sucker," Rhonda said.
	"And what are you?"
	"I am a slave," Rhonda said.
	"Show me," Raymond's father said.
	Rhonda got off the bed, moving stiffly but with no hesitation. She
couldn't help wincing with pain as she forced herself to walk across the room to
where Raymond's father was standing. Then she got down on her knees, opened his
trousers, pulled out his cock, took it in her mouth and proceeded to suck it
with as much expertise as she could muster. When he allowed himself to come in
her mouth she swallowed every drop.
	"Good," Raymond's father said. "Now your training can begin."
					#
	Chet was waiting in one of the classrooms after school let out when
Cindy came in. "She's here," Cindy said, and she motioned Sallie Jussel into the
room. Sallie came in slowly. She did not look happy. After one quick glance at
Chet, she did not look at him. "She's ready," Cindy said.
	Chet surveyed the girl calmly. She was certainly attractive, with her
trim yet curvy figure and curly red hair. Chet recalled that she was
particularly pretty when she smiled, but that smile was not in evidence now.	
"Is that right, Sallie?" Chet said. "Are you ready?"
	Now the girl looked at him, a mixture of shame, fear and defiance in her
eyes. "No," she said. "I'm not ready. I don't want to do this. I really don't
want to do this. I'm--I just--"
	"She's just so much in love that she'll do anything to get her boy
friend back," Cindy said. "Right, Sallie?"
	There was a hint of tears in Sallie's eyes. "You bitch!" she muttered.
	"Yes, she's a bitch all right," Chet said. "And she's in no position to
blame other people for doing what they have to do. Isn't that right, Cindy?"	
For a moment Cindy's eyes flashed, but then she lowered them. "Yes, Chet," she
murmured. "I'm sorry."
	"But she's right, isn't she, Sallie? You're ready to sacrifice your
sweet little body to me so that Cindy will give old Russ back to you. That's why
you're here, right?"
	The tears were close to overflowing now. "Russ won't even talk to me any
more," the girl said, her voice shaking. "She's got him so--so crazy about
her--and she doesn't even--she's just--"
	"Yes, she's just doing it for me," Chet said. "So I can get to you,
Sallie. And look, it worked. You're here to fuck me, right?"
	Now the tears spilled over. "She said she'd--she'd send him back to me
if I--But I don't know if he'll--he'll want me any more, after--after her..."
	"Sure he will," Chet said. "From what I hear, Russ really loves you,
Sallie. He's just besotted with Cindy right now, because she's used every sex
trick she knows to seduce him, and our Cindy knows a hell of a lot. But once she
cuts him off and shows him what a sap he's been, he'll come begging you to take
him back. And he doesn't have to know about any of this. Right, Cindy?"
	"Right," Cindy said.
	"So let's get back to the original quesion," Chet said. "You're here to
fuck me, right, Sallie?"
	Sallie swallowed hard. "Yes," she whispered finally.
	"Yes, what? Say it, Sallie."
	The girl stared at him for a minute, then looked away. She brushed at
her eyes with her hands, swallowed again and took a long breath. Then, in a
voice that was clear if a bit unsteady, she said, "I'm here to fuck you." 		
"Good," Chet said. "You can start by stripping."
	Sallie's face went slightly pale. "I--right here?"
	"Right here, right now," Chet said. "Just take it off, Sallie."
	Sallie's lip trembled. She shot a quick glance at Cindy. "Does--does she
have to be here?"
	"Don't worry about Cindy," Chet said. "It's me you have to worry about,
Sallie. See, Cindy does what I tell her, and if you make me happy I'm gonna tell
her to kick old Russell back to you, like tomorrow. But if you displease me,
Sallie, I'm gonna tell her to hang on to him forever and ever. You got that,
Sallie?"
	Sallie nodded jerkily.
	"Then strip," Chet said.
	The tears came again as she did it. She didn't sob or cry audibly, but
the tears coursed down her cheeks in a steady flow as she opened her blouse with
shaking hands and took it off, and as she unbuttoned her jeans, pushed them down
and stepped out of them, her shoes coming off with them, and as after a long
moment of hesitation she forced herself to unclasp her bra and pull it away, and
as finally she slid her panties down over her trembling legs to leave her
standing naked under Chet's gaze. She made an instinctive move to cover herself
with her hands, but checked it almost immediately. She had kept her eyes on the
floor as she undressed, but now, as Chet said nothing, she raised them slowly
and fearfully to his, blinking away the remaining tears. She was still shaking.
	"That's very nice, Sallie," Chet said, his eyes devouring her
well-curved body. "Really nice. Turn around for me now. All the way. Slowly, so
I can see all of you."
	Sallie took a long breath. Then she turned around, slowly.
	"Great ass, Sallie," Chet said when she was facing him again. "Don't you
think she has a great ass, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy said.
	"Cindy tells me you don't take it up the ass, Sallie," Chet said. "Not
even for old Russell. Is that right?"
	Sallie's mouth opened, but nothing came out. Then she shook her head,
more as though shaking off the question than replying to it.
	"It's not right?" Chet said. "You mean you do take it up the ass,
Sallie? Is that what you mean?"
	The girl looked frightened. "No," she got out. "No, I don't."
	"Oh," Chet said. "Why is that, Sallie?"
	"I--I just never--I mean--I don't want to. I don't like it that way."
Her voice was unsteady.
	"How do you know if you've never done it?" Chet said.
	Sallie licked her lips. "I--I just know. I mean, it--it hurts, and
it's--"
	"It's what?"
	"It's--disgusting," Sallie said.
	"Is that right?" Chet said. "I understand you won't swallow Russ's come
either, after you blow him. Is that disgusting too, Sallie?"
	Her face reddened at this. "What--why are you--"
	"I'm just concerned about you, Sallie. I mean, maybe if you weren't so
prudish about these things, it wouldn't have been so easy for Cindy to take Russ
away from you, you know? And if you learn to do them, I'm sure old Russ will
love you even more. Don't you think so, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy said.
	Sallie was shaking her head. "No," she said.
	"No what, Sallie?"
	"I won't," Sallie said.
	"Don't be that way, Sallie," Chet said. "It's for your own good, after
all. Besides, I really want to fuck that ass of yours."
	Sallie was shaking harder now. "No!" she said loudly. "That wasn't
what--No!" She turned on Cindy now. "This wasn't in the deal," she said hotly.
"You said I just had to fuck him. You said just fuck him, and you'd--It
wasn't--"
	"I told you, Cindy's just a pawn, Sallie," Chet said. "It's me you're
dealing with here. When you agree to fuck me, you agree to do it the way I say.
And I want to fuck your ass. Among other things. So try it, you might like it."
	"No!" Sallie said again. "No way! No!" And now she did cover her body as
best she could with her hands, glaring at him defiantly.
	Chet sighed. "Okay," he said finally. "All right, Sallie. Then there's
no deal. Put on your clothes and get out of here. And I guarantee you that Russ
will never so much as speak to you again."
	"But--but you can't--I came to--"
	"Take it or leave it," Chet said.
	Sallie's hands rose from her body to cover her face as she broke into
sobs. Her legs gave out beneath her and she sank to the schoolroom floor, crying
as if her heart would break.
					#
	Both Rhonda and Jenna were kept naked all the time in the house. But
Jenna went to school every day, and sometimes went out on various errands,
shedding her clothes the moment she got in the door. Rhonda never went out.
Jenna was a willing, even eager slave who could be trusted always to return, and
never to divulge any embarrassing secrets; her mother, of course, was not.
Rhonda was thus perpetually naked, and her collar was not removed, although now
she was released from her chain for a time each day, under Raymond's or his
father's supervision, so she could accomplish her assigned tasks, which
consisted mostly of keeping the house meticulously clean. Jenna also did some of
the cleaning and most of the cooking, along with Cindy. Raymond still had
unlimited access to Rhonda sexually, although he was not allowed to punish her
except on his father's orders. He was never gentle with her, however, and she
trembled with fear and loathing when, almost every day, she heard his footsteps
approaching her room. But she never resisted him, and always did what he told
her to do as well as she could, in order to avoid the pain and punishment that
she dreaded. Each time he left her she would cry uncontrollably, hating herself
for giving in to him, hating her own fear, most of all hating the horrible,
inconceivable thing that had happened to her, that had taken away her freedom
and her very identity, and made her life a living hell.
	Raymond's father used her too, though less frequently, and when he did
so it was in a manner so cold and detached that it seemed almost more degrading
than Raymond's brutal frenzy. Not that he didn't hurt her too, when it suited
him, but it was as though he was doing it scientifically, with the purpose of
breaking her in, as he would break a horse. He would critique her performance,
telling her in detail what to do with her hands, or her tongue, or how to move
her body, how to maximize his pleasure. She learned these lessons well. She had
to.
	The next time the two men who had broken her arms came to visit her,
Raymond's father stayed to watch. This time, he told her, she was to be more
than a passive instrument of their lust. She was to pleasure them actively, she
was to make use of the things he had taught her, and she was to give both of the
men the most memorable night of their lives, without them having to do a thing.
This was a test, Raymond's father said. If she passed, she could go on to the
next stage of her training. If she failed, he would have them break her arms
again, and they would start all over.
	Rhonda did her best. She was trembling with fear the whole time, and
whimpering, and often crying, but she did her best. She used every part of her
body, and not only did everything Raymond's father had taught her, but
everything she had ever learned in her life, everything she could think of, no
matter how disgusting or depraved, to give the men pleasure. When it was over
she was exhausted, but still fearful, and she literally sobbed with relief when
Raymond's father told her she had passed the test.
	The next morning Raymond's father came to her room with his usual
ritual. "What is your name?"
	"My name is Cock Sucker."
	"And what are you?"
	"I am a slave."
	"Show me."
	She got out of bed and crawled to him, but he stopped her as she reached
for his fly. "All right, slave," he said. "You have now learned to please men.
Next you will learn to please women."
	Rhonda stared up at him.
	"You may or may not be called on in future to exercise this skill,"
Raymond's father said. "But as my personal slave, you must be prepared for any
evenutuality that may arise. Have you any experience with women, Cock Sucker?"
	"N-no," Rhonda whispered. "I-I never--"
	"Then you must learn, and learn well. We will begin with Piss Girl."
	Rhonda's eyes went very wide, and then she screamed. She rose from her
knees and stumbled a few steps backward, her face twisted with horror. "No!" she
gasped. "What--what are you--she--she's my daughter!"
	"I know that," Raymond's father said. "She is also a slave, and a far
more docile one than her mother appears to be. Do you know that your daughter
was ready to cut off one of her fingers at my request? That's how obedient she
is. That is what a slave should be. Whereas you appear to be resistant by
nature. However, I believe you have learned by now that resistance is futile,
and only leads to worse consequences than acceptance. Isn't that so, Cock
Sucker?"
	"You--you can't--" Rhonda was almost panting with fright, but she was
shaking her head. "You can't make me do--make me have--have sex with--with my
own daughter! It's--no--please--I can't...I can't..."
	"You can," Raymond's father said. "And you will."
	Rhonda was sobbing now. "No. No! No!"
	Raymond's father sighed.
	They hung her up on the electric hoist in Cindy's room. But they didn't
hang her by her wrists. They hung her by her hair. They gathered it into a braid
at the top of her head and fastened it securely to the rope, and then pulled her
up that way. Her hands were tied behind her, and she could do nothing but dangle
helplessly and scream as her hair pulled agonizingly at her scalp. She could not
even struggle, for every movement of her body increased the pain, as well as the
danger that her weight would pull her hair right out of her head and send her
tumbling, scalped, to the floor.
	Which was what happened. But not right away. First they used the wicked
electrical gadget on her that Chet had used on Cindy. Raymond applied it, under
his father's direction. He applied it to Rhonda's breasts and to her buttocks,
and all the screaming Rhonda had done since she entered that house was as
nothing to the unearthly, blood-chilling shrieks and howls and cries she emitted
each time the device buzzed against her flesh. Regardless of how much added
agony it caused in her scalp, there was no way she could control the spasming
and twisting and convulsing of her body in response to the terrible torment. The
end came when Raymond pressed the device up between her twitching, flailing legs
directly onto her cunt. Her scream nearly shattered their eardrums, and the
plunging and kicking of her helpless body finally proved too much. Her hair tore
from her scalp and she fell heavily to the floor, screaming more loudly than
ever, and now virtually bald.
	At his father's direction, Raymond found a bottle of iodine and poured
it over Rhonda's head. Her shrieks were terrible. Her naked body rolled over and
over on the floor, her hands still fastened behind her, her legs thrashing
helplessly.
	Raymond's father swiftly undressed. "Break her toes," he said to his
son, and he fell upon the sobbing, moaning, naked and still twisting body,
forcing her legs apart and plunging himself into her with brutal efficiency. Her
bound hands were trapped beneath her as he began to fuck her with strong,
deliberate strokes. Meanwhile Raymond bent to his task. Starting with her left
foot, he took each toe in his fingers and bent them back, one by one, until they
snapped. She was screaming continuously now, and with each nap the scream rose
in volume and became shriller, and her body convulsed with pain, arching and
plunging, each spasm adding to Raymond's father's pleasure. When the left foot
was done, Raymond paused momentarily, hoping that his father would change places
with him and allow him to enjoy some of the same delight; but his father only
told him to continue, and he did. Rhonda could not even plead for mercy; she had
no breath to do anything but scream, which she continued to do as Raymond broke
each toe on her other foot as well. With the last one Raymond's father came
inside her and pulled away.
	"Can I have her now?" Raymond asked hoarsely.
	"Yes," his father said. "But gag her first. I've had enough of her
screams for now."
	Raymond had an idea. The long mop of mostly yellow hair was still
dangling from the end of the rope. It had become partially unbraided after
ripping itself out of Rhonda's scalp, and it hung there like a banner. Raymond
reached up and unfastened it from the rope. He wadded it up in his hands, then
knelt and stuffed it into the screaming woman's mouth. As she gagged and retched
and struggled to breathe through her nostrils, he taped her mouth closed to keep
it there. Then he threw himself upon the spasming, agony-wracked body.
	When he was finished, his father said, "Call Piss Girl in here. I think
her mother is ready for her now. Isn't that right, Cock Sucker?"
	Rhonda, of course, couldn't speak. She was moaning and sobbing, choking
on the hair in her mouth, and nearly insane with pain and horror.
	But she nodded.
					#
	Sallie Jussel was kneeling on the seat of one of the student chairs, her
body bent forward over its one broad arm. Cindy, at Chet's orders, was crouching
in front of her, holding onto her hands, both to keep her in position and to
help her maintain her balance. Chet was standing behind her, sliding his hard
cock teasingly up and down the crack of Sallie's ass as his hands rested on her
buttocks. That cock was well coated with the vaseline he had told Cindy to bring
along. Sallie was shaking with fear and making tiny mewling sounds in her
throat.
	"Please, Chet," she quavered, between panting breaths. "Please don't,
please, not that way. I'll--I'll fuck you all you want, I'll make it good for
you, I swear! I will! But please--"
	"Relax, Sallie," Chet said. "You're gonna love this, I bet. You're gonna
thank me afterwards. Right, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy said automatically.
	"Oh god," Sallie panted, almost sobbing. "Oh, you bastard. I hate you.
Oh Jesus. You filthy bastard."
	"Now don't make me mad, Sallie," Chet said. "I'm being good to you. I'm
using a lot of lubrication here, and I'm gonna take it easy and go very slow,
okay? I don't have to do that, you know. It could be a lot worse. Cindy knows
that. Don't you, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy said again.
	"So be grateful, Sallie baby. Okay, here we go." Chet pulled the girl's
buttocks apart to expose her crinkled anus. Sallie gave a cry of fear as he
placed the tip of his penis at that small clenched opening.
	"Now relax, Sallie," Chet said. "Remember, the more you relax the easier
this will be. Don't fight me, Sallie. It's gonna happen, so you might as well
make it easy on yourself. Relax. Just relax, okay?" He adjusted himself more
precisely at the opening and pushed forward the tiniest bit. Sallie screamed.
	"Oh, come on, Sallie," Chet said. "I haven't even begun to go inside you
yet. You're just being hysterical. Calm down, for god's sake."
	"He's right, Sallie," Cindy said. "It will really be a lot easier if you
just go with it, you know? Try not to clench up. Try opening yourself up, like
you're--like you're going to the bathroom, you know?"
	"Oh god," Sallie gasped. "Fuck you too." But she seemed to try to take
their advice. Some of the stiffness went out of her body; her breathing became
deeper, though it was still ragged and shaky. She closed her eyes and held more
tightly to Cindy's hands.
	"Good girl," Chet said. "Easy now." And he pushed forward again, more
firmly this time, the tip of his cock actually penetrating the tiny hole. Sally
gave a little moan and tensed up again; then, with a visible effort, forced
herself to relax somewhat. "Okay," Chet said, and slowly pushed further, soon
encountering Sallie's sphinctre muscles, which were clenched tight and seemingly
impassible.
	"Okay, Sallie," he said. "This is the hard part. After this it's gonna
be all gravy. So open up for me, baby. Come on. Pretend I'm Russ. I'm your sweet
hot football-playing boyfriend, okay? I just want to love you, Sallie. And you
love me, remember?"
	"I hate you," Sallie gasped.
	"No you don't," Chet said. "Come on, baby. Open up for Russ. Just relax
a little and let me in, okay? I love you, baby. Sweet Sallie. Let me in, honey,
come on." He pressed forward. Sallie drew in her breath with a hissing sound,
but she did seem to loosen up a bit. Chet pressed on. He drew back a tiny bit,
then pushed forward again. Sallie whimpered, but he made progress. He was
throbbing with lust, and every cell in his body was urging him to thrust himself
heedlessly into her and bury his shaft in her marvelously tight backside. But he
controlled himself, wanting for some reason to conquer this girl through means
other than sheer force. Means that in some ways would be even more degrading.
	So he held back, while keeping up a steady stream of soothing words, and
a steady but moderate pressure on that tight sphincter. And slowly he felt her
relaxing further, and he pushed in, and she gave a small cry, and he stopped,
and waited, and talked, and pressed further, and finally he was able to breach
the barrier, sliding his cockhead through, and Sallie cried out again, more
loudly, but now there was something else in her cry, something more than pain
and fear. The pain and the fear were still there, all right, but mixed with
something new. A kind of wonder, perhaps.
	"Okay, Sallie baby," Chet said. "We're doing great. Doesn't it feel
good, baby?"
	"No," Sallie gasped. "It hurts. Stop it, Chet. Stop it. Please. Oh
god..."
	"Go with it, baby." He again pulled back just a fraction of an inch
before pressing onward. Slowly he continued this back and forth motion, fucking
her in tiny increments, pushing in a little further with each stroke. Her
backside was so tight and narrow that it gripped him like a clenched hand, and
the squirming and twisting of her buttocks added to the sensation.
	"Oh God..." the girl whimpered. "Oh...Oh...Oh Jesus..."
	"Feels good, right, Sallie?" Chet panted.
	"It's...oh Christ...it's so big...I can't..."
	"Yeah, you can, baby. Let it happen."
	Sallie groaned. "It's filling me...it's tearing me..."
	"No it's not. It's not gonna hurt you." Chet was still moving, slowly
but steadily, and was more than halfway inside her now. The girl was clutching
Cindy's hands so hard her knuckles were white, but she had stopped squirming
now, either from fear of increasing her pain or from a certain acceptance of her
situation. She was panting audibly, and still whimpering, but the sounds were
taking on a different quality. Chet, his cock now held securely by the tightness
of her sphincter muscles, bent forward a little and reached around to grasp her
breasts, tweaking the nipples between his fingers. Sallie caught her breath,
then moaned. She was biting at her lip.
	"Sweet Sallie," Chet breathed, and he quickened the pace of his strokes,
just slightly. "Starting to get to you, Sallie baby? Hmm?"
	Sallie moaned again. "Oh god," she panted. "You bastard. Oh. Ohhh. Oh
no, wait, no..."
	"I'm almost there, Sallie baby. I'm almost all the way inside you. Tell
me you like it, come on."
	"No..." Sallie breathed. "Ahh. Oh Jesus, what are you...Ohh. Oooohh. No.
Oh my god..."
	"Yeah," Chet said. "Yeah, Sallie. I told you, didn't I?" And with one
last push he buried himself completely inside the girl's narrow back passage.
Sallie cried out, and then began to moan steadily. Chet waited a moment,
savoring his triumph. "I'm in your ass now, Sallie," he rasped, his hands
kneading her breasts. "I'm all the way up there, and I'm fucking Sallie in the
ass, how about that?" And then he began to move.
	Sallie gave a loud cry, and then began to moan again as Chet slid back
and forth inside her with small, steady strokes that gradually increased in
length, force and intensity. Her head came up, and her body began to move again,
but differently now, as if in spite of herself, responding subtly to the rhythm
of his taking her. There were tears in her eyes, but the pain and fear in her
face had been chased, however reluctantly, by something resembling pleasure.
	Chet moved harder.
	"Ahh..." Sallie cried. "Ahh Christ...Chet, Jesus...ohhh...my god...I
can't...I don't want to..."
	"Yes you do, Sallie," Chet grated. "Sure you do. I told you, didn't I?"
	"Oh...you...fucking...bastard...Ahhh..."
	"Cindy," Chuck panted. "Help her out. Play with her clit."
	"What?" Cindy said, startled.
	"No..." Sallie wailed.
	"Do it, bitch. Frig her clit for her."
	Cindy let go of one of Sallie's hands, which immediately flew to Cindy's
hair, clutching and pulling at it. Ignoring the pain, Cindy reached between
Sallie's legs and found her clitoris. She began to stroke it softly. Sallie
gasped.
	"She's wet," Cindy said.
	"Of course she is. Keep playing with her. Here we go, Sallie." And he
speeded up his movements still more, plunging hard now, battering at her ass,
and Sallie was crying out with each lunge, her helpless body writhing against
the chair arm, her crotch pushing against Cindy's moving hand, and then suddenly
she threw back her head and screamed. It was a scream of anger and betrayal and
hatred, mixed with pure undeniable ecstasy and savagely orgasmic bliss. Her body
spasmed again and again, and the uncontrollable twitching of her anal passage
around his cock made Chet spurt wildly up into her until he had nothing left to
spurt.   	
	 Chet waited until Sallie's breathing had quieted somewhat and her body
had settled down before pulling his cock slowly out of her ass. She was still
panting heavily, and the tears now ran down her cheeks.
	"See, Sallie?" he said to her. "You loved it. Didn't you, baby?"
	Sallie slowly and painfully straightened up. "You...filthy...bastard,"
she choked out. "I hate you...damn you...you piece of shit...you..."
	"You're just pissed 'cause I made you come," Chet said, grinning. "But
you're the one that came, Sallie. You're really pissed at yourself, 'cause you
enjoyed it. That's just crazy. You should really thank me, you know?"
	"You sick turd," Sallie said. "Fuck you. Just fuck you!"
	"I think you just did, Sallie. Anyway, I bet you'll be grateful when old
Russ sees how much you like it up the ass now. Don't you think? Now the next
thing we have to work on is this swallowing business..."
					#
	With all her toes broken, Rhonda couldn't walk. She couldn't stand up.
She couldn't even kneel properly. So they put her on the bed and let her lie on
her back while Jenna squatted over her face. Jenna wasn't too happy about having
her own mother eat her out, but she made no complaint. For one thing, it would
have been useless, and for another, she was a slave, and she obeyed. Whereas
Rhonda obeyed because she was drowning in pain, and fearful of more. As her
daughter straddled her head and sat down on her face, Raymond's father stood at
the foot of the bed, each of his hands resting warningly on one of Rhonda's
agonized feet. He didn't have to tell her what that meant; she remembered how it
had been when the men played with her broken arms. She was shaking with fright,
as well as pain, shame and horror. "Do a good job, Cock Sucker," Raymond's
father told her. "I expect you to make Piss Girl come. Piss Girl, I want you to
try not to. I want you to hold out for as long as you can, and not to climax if
you can possibly help it. Do you understand?"
	"Yes, sir," Jenna said.
	"But I expect you exert every effort to make her do so, Cock Sucker. And
I expect you to succeed. Otherwise we will have to give you further incentive."
He tightened his hands for a brief moment around Rhonda's fractured toes, and
she screamed loudly into her daughter's cunt, her body arching off the bed and
flopping back.
	"Proceed," Raymond's father said.
	She was sobbing all the while, and still shaking, but she did her best.
She had never been with a woman before, but she did her best. She used her lips
and her tongue and her teeth and her sobbing, moaning mouth, and she worked very
hard, and in spite of Jenna's obedient efforts to hold out, she finally made her
daughter come. Twice.
					#
	"I want Armina next," Chet said.
	"I don't know how I could do that," Cindy said. "Honest, Chet, I don't
see any way. She hates you, she'd never--"
	"That stuck-up bitch," Chet said. "I want to see that insulting little
mouth of hers wrapped around my cock. You get her for me, Cindy. That's your
next assignment."
	"Chet, how can I--I mean, it's not like Sallie, she doesn't have a
special boyfriend or anything, I don't--"
	"Okay, Cindy. I guess I'll just have to start letting some other guys
have a crack at you. Let's see, I'll start with the creepiest ones first and
work up from there, how does that sound?"
	"Chet, please. Be--be reasonable, okay? I'll--I'll try to get one of the
other girls for you. You said you want some of the others too, right? So--"
	"I think I said I want them all, Cindy," Chet said. "Starting with
Armina."
	"I--I'll have to work on Armina," Cindy said pleadingly. "Please, Chet,
I'll--I'll get--oh god--maybe I can--maybe I can get Norma. Okay? You want
Norma, right? You said--"
	"Norma Veney? Sure, I'd love to fuck that one. All that long hair she
loves so much, and those great tits? Sure. She'll do fine. After Armina."
	"Chet, for god's sake--"
	"Listen, you whining bitch, I said I wanted you to get me every one of
your cliquish girlfriends, didn't I? Every one of them. And if you didn't I'd
damn well make you the biggest whore this damn school has ever seen. Isn't that
what I said, Cindy?"
	She swallowed. "Yes, Chet."
	"So what good is it gonna do you in the end to get me Norma, or anybody
else, if you can't deliver Armina? Tell me that, bitch."
	Cindy fought to remain calm. "I don't know, Chet," she said in a low
voice. "I don't know. But maybe I can think of something. Maybe something will
change. God, I don't know. I'm just trying to keep you happy, Chet. If I can--if
I can get these girls for you, isn't that what you want? I mean, if--if you give
up on me just because I can't get Armina right now, you could be missing out on
Norma and--and whoever else...Just--just give me a chance, for god's sake..."
	Chet said nothing for a long moment. Then he reached out and grabbed
Cindy's hair, twisting it and pulling her head back sharply, just to hear her
cry of pain. "All right, cunt," he said, holding her that way. "All right, you
stupid bitch. I'll give you a chance. But you better get me Norma pretty quick.
You have till the end of the week."
					#
	Kathy Saunders didn't look like a lesbian. It's true her very dark hair
was cut short, giving her tousled tomboy look, but that was the only boyish
thing about her. Her figure was decidedly unmasculine, and so were the clothes
she wore. She seldom wore pants or jeans. Her skirts, while long enough to be
respectable, were short enough to show that her legs were smooth and shapely,
and her blouses and sweaters were usually fairly snug over her high, round and
definitely uninhibited breasts. She always wore lipstick, and the rest of her
makeup was subtle but effective. She was often hit on by boys who weren't aware
of her sexual preferences, and even sometimes by those who were. Hope springs
eternal in the young masculine breast, as does idiocy. But most of her
acquaintances knew she preferred women.
	Cindy knew.
	She knew because once, about six months ago, after a large party at
which they had both had too much to drink, Cindy's good friend Norma Veney had
confided to her that Kathy Saunders had once come on to her. Not only that,
Norma, in her alcoholic confidentiality, had confessed, but she, Norma, had
actually been a little tempted at the time. Not that she had actually done
anything, Norma hastened to add. Well, nothing major. Maybe she had let Kathy
fool around with her a little. Just out of...curiosity. And, well, maybe she had
fooled around a little bit too. Just to see, you know, what it was like. But
nothing had really happened, Norma said. Of course not. But you had to admit,
that Kathy Saunders was kind of pretty.
	Norma had sworn Cindy to secrecy about this--not that she really had
anything to hide, but you know how people are--and Cindy had promised never to
breathe a word to anyone. And she hadn't.
	But she remembered.
	That was why she had suggested Norma to Chet as his next victim. She
didn't know exactly how she could use what Norma had told her to manipulate her
into Chet's clutches, but she had grasped at the memory like a drowning man
grasps at straws. Cindy was desperate.
	She approached Kathy the next afternoon as she was walking out of
school.
	"Hi, Kathy."
	"Hey, hi, Cindy."
	"How you doing?"
	"Okay, I guess. You?"
	"Good. Um...can I talk to you a minute?"
	"Sure. What's up?"
	Cindy didn't see any point in wasting time. "Norma Veney told me you
came on to her awhile ago."
	Kathy stopped walking and turned to face her. There was wariness, and
the beginnings of belligerence, in her eyes. "Yeah? So?"
	"Hey, cool it, Kathy. I don't care who you do, okay? I just want to talk
here."
	Kathy backed down, but didn't resume walking. "Talk about what?"
	"Well, you came on to Norma, you must like her, right?"
	"Yeah, I guess, so what?"
	"Well...she told me you guys fooled around some, you know, but from what
she said I take it she didn't...I mean, you didn't actually...do anything
serious. Right?"
	"Jesus," Kathy said. "I'm not having this conversation. What damn
business is it of yours, anyway?"
	"It's not, I guess. But the thing is, from what she told me, Norma was
really curious, you know? I mean, you got her turned on, right? It just seems to
me that if you try again...you know, under the right circumstances and all...you
could get her to go all the way. Especially you get her a little drunk, in the
right mood and so on, I think she's ready to go for it. You know?"
	Kathy just looked at her. "What in the hell do you care about this?" she
asked again. "You her pimp or something?"
	"No. Come on. No. Norma doesn't even know I'm talking to you. She'd kill
me if she knew I even said anything. I'm just trying to do you a favor, okay?"
	"Yeah, right. What's in it for you? There must be something."
	"Yeah, there is." Cindy took a breath. "I want to be there."
	"What?"
	"I want to hide and take pictures, okay? No, wait, listen," she said
hastily as the other girl's face changed. "Just of Norma, I mean. You know,
doing it. I won't take any pictures of you, I swear. If you're in any of them
I'll throw those out. I give you my word. I just want--"
	"Are you crazy?!" Kathy interrupted. "What the hell are you talking
about? Pictures? You want to hide and take pictures? And I'm supposed to trust
you? Get the fuck out of here, you stupid bitch!"
	She walked away, but Cindy followed her. "Listen, Kathy, okay? Please. I
swear to god. I just want to get Norma. I need something, I just have
to--Christ, just one picture, okay? And you get to lay her, I mean, what's the
big deal? Please!"
	Kathy stopped again. "What are you gonna do, blackmail her or something?
God, I never heard of--I thought she was your friend, for Chrissake."
	Kathy fought to stay calm. "She is my friend. And I--I'm not gonna
blackmail her. Well, at least, not for money or anything. It's just--there's
something I want her to do for me, okay? And I have to find a way to get her to
do it. I just have to! Please, Kathy. I really need this. Please."
	"You need it so much," Kathy said, "why don't you screw her yourself and
get somebody else to take the pictures?"
	"It's too risky," Cindy said. Actually she had thought of that, but that
would give Norma too much leverage over her, and besides, who would she trust to
take the pictures and keep quiet about it? Chet? No way. "Besides, I don't even
know if she'd be attracted to me that way. But we know she is to you. It's a
win-win, you know? Please, Kathy. I'm begging you. If there's anything I can do
in return..."
	Before she finished the sentence she realized the implications of that
offer. And so did Kathy.
	"Anything?" Kathy said. Her eyes moved down over Cindy's body, and then
back up again. "Anything, huh?"
	Cindy sighed.
					#
 	The assignation between Chet and Norma Veney took place not in school,
but at Chet's house, on an evening when his parents were out. Cindy had not
wanted to be there, but Chet had insisted. Making her watch him fuck her snooty
friends was part of the pleasure, he said.
	Norma, not surprisingly, was furious at Cindy for what she had done to
her. But she was trapped. Cindy had showed her just one of the pictues that she
had taken. It showed Norma in a sixty-nine position with another girl. The other
girl was Kathy, of course, but her face was hidden between Norma's thighs, and
she was unidentifiable. Norma's face, on the other hand, was clearly visible,
suffused with ecstasy as her long tongue reached for Kathy's cunt.
	Norma had actually hit Cindy when she had threatened to spread the
picture around the school if Norma didn't do what she wanted--namely, have sex
with Chet. Cindy didn't blame her. She didn't feel good about herself for doing
this to her friend. But she had no choice. And neither did Norma.
	Norma didn't cry, as Sallie had. She showed nothing but hatred and
contempt, for both of them. When Chet greeted her at the door, the first thing
she did was to spit in his face.
	For a moment Cindy thought he would hit her, but he controlled himself
and managed to stay calm. "Okay," he said. "Nice to see you too, Norma. Come on
in."
	"You bitch!" Norma said when she caught sight of Cindy. "God, I'll get
you for this. I swear it. You horrible little cunt."
	Cindy just nodded. "I'm sorry, Norma," she said. "I had to. And you
can't get me any worse than I'm already got. I'm sorry."
	"Screw you, you filthy--"
	"All right," Chet interrupted. "That's enough. It's you who's gonna
screw, Norma. And you're gonna screw me. And vice versa. So how about that?"
	Norma would have spit at him again, but he was not in range. "Christ!"
she hissed. "You're pathetic. This is the only way you can get girls,
blackmailing them into it? God, there's no words for how low you are!"
	"Thanks," Chet said. "Now take your damn clothes off."
	Norma was wearing a blue velour shirt and brown slacks. She was a tall
girl, and rather statuesque, and her soft-looking light brown hair was very
long. But her most prominent feature was her breasts, which stood high and
thrust boldly out from her body. They were firm and shapely and quite large,
though they did not seem out of proportion with the rest of her voluptuous
figure. Her brown eyes blazed at Chet.
	"Right here?" Norma said. "Like this, in the living room?"
	"Yeah," Chet said. "I don't want to wait another minute to see those
luscious tits of yours, Norma. Come on, show them to us."
	Norma turned to Cindy. "This is just one time, right?" she demanded.
"Just one time, and you give me that picture, and--Oh Christ, why the hell
should I trust you? How do I know you won't--"
	"Don't worry," Chet said. "I only want you once, baby. I got the rest of
Cindy's friends to get to yet. The only thing is, I'm keeping one copy of that
picture, just to make sure you don't say anything. To anybody. Long as you
don't, you got nothing to worry about. Okay?"
	"Yeah, like I trust you too," Norma spat out. "God damn the both of
you."
	"Tits," Chet said.
	"You filth," Norma said, and she pulled the shirt out of the waistband
of her slacks and then, crossing her arms, grasped it by the hem and pulled it
up and over her head, throwing it onto a chair. Under it was a black brassiere,
above which the smooth slopes of her upper breasts bulged enticingly.
	"Looks like they're real, all right," Chet said. "I always wondered
about that. You know I used to jerk off thinking about your tits, Norma? And now
I'm gonna see them in person. Take the bra off."
	Norma still did not cry, but now there was an element of shame mixed
with the hatred that blazed from her eyes. "I swear to god," she whispered, "if
you ever--"
	"Norma? Shut up, okay? You're here, you're gonna get fucked, and that's
it. The less fuss you put up, the quicker it will be over. Now take off the damn
bra."
	Norma started to say something more, then stopped herself. But her eyes
did not drop as she reached behind her to unhook her brassiere. They stayed on
him as she slid the straps off her shoulders and tossed it after her shirt.
	"Goddam!" Chet exclaimed. "Look at that! They're something, all right.
Jesus. Not bad for a dyke, Norma."
	"I'm not a dyke, you son of a bitch," Norma grated.
	"Sure looks like it from that picture," Chet grinned. "But hey, with
those tits, who cares?" He took a step forward, reaching out for her, but Norma
reflexively stepped back.
	"Stand still, dyke," Chet said, and this time when he stepped toward her
she didn't back away. Chet put out both hands and cupped them over her
magnificent breasts. "Oh yeah," he said, squeezing them slightly. He stroked
them, tweaked the nipples between his fingers, then squeezed them again. Norma's
lips were tight. She dropped her head back and looked up at the ceiling as Chet
continued to play with her breasts. Then he bent his head and took one of them
in his mouth, running his tongue over the nipple, then nibbing at it. A small
sound of disgust came from Norma, but he ignored it, moving his head to the
other breast and sucking in as much of it as he could. His hand went to her
stomach and moved down to slide under the waistband of her slacks. They were
tight on her, but he managed to force his hand downward. Norma made another
sound of protest and tried to pull back, but she couldn't get away from that
hand, which now slid into her panties, his fingers worming their way to her
crotch.
	"Dry as a bone," Chet said, lifting his head from her breast and
withdrawing his hand. "Shit, I'm not sure I even want to fuck that frigid 
pussy, Norma. Not right away, anyway. Probably freeze my cock off. No, I think
I'd rather fuck those nice juicy tits of yours."
	"Go to hell," Norma gritted.
	"Be nice, Norma. Remember who's got the pictures, okay? Now lie down on
the floor."
	"On the floor?"
	"Yeah," Chet said. "On the floor. Do it."
	"Jesus." Norma got down and placed herself on the floor on her back.
	"That's the girl." Chet grinned at her and began to strip himself. Norma
looked away. Cindy had sat down in a chair and was watching quietly. When he was
naked, Chet stepped over Norma's body, placing one foot on either side of her,
and lowered himself until he was kneeling astride her waist. Then he moved
forward until his cock rested in the smooth valley between her breasts.	"Oh
Christ," Norma said. "You're not really gonna--"
	"You bet I am, baby. Don't worry, I'll get around to the rest of you.
But these sweet titties are just crying out to be fucked." With that he put his
hands on her breasts and pushed them together, forming a soft fleshy tunnel
around his cock. Slowly, he began to move back and forth. Norma closed her eyes,
her mouth set in a grim line.
	"Oh yeah, that's nice," Chet breathed. "That's real good, Norma. I could
come like this, all right. I've dreamed about jerking off with these titties,
you know. And so has every guy in school, I bet. Aren't I lucky?"
	"You're shit," Norma hissed.
	"And you're a dyke." Chet continued to rock back and forth, his cock
sliding easily between her breasts, its passage made even smoother now with the
lubrication provided by the seminal fluid that was oozing from the tip. "Hey,
that gives me an idea. No reason you shouldn't bave some fun too, right? Hey,
Cindy? Come over here and take her pants off."	
	Norma's eyes opened quickly. "No!" she said.
	But Cindy knew better that to protest. She got up and moved slowly to
where they were, and when Chet said, "Do it," she knelt down and began to
unfasten the buttons at the front of the other girl's slacks.
	"Damn it, no!" Norma said. "Goddam you, this wasn't--"
	"What's wrong, Norma?" Chet said. "Don't tell me you wouldn't like to
have a beautiful girl like Cindy eating your pussy. I bet you've dreamed about
it, just like I've dreamed about these tits of yours, right, Norma?"
	"No!" Norma said. "Damn you, I'm not--I don't want--"
	"Sure you do," Chet said. "Anyway, I don't care what you want right now,
Norma. I want to see Cindy eating you out. Do it Cindy, hurry up. I don't know
how long I can hold out here."
	Cindy had Norma's pants open, but she had to remove the girl's shoes
before she could pull them off. As she started to tug the slacks down, Norma
fought against it, kicking with her legs and twisting her lower body in an
attempt to stop her. Her struggles impacted her upper body also, and the
jiggling and rolling of her breasts sent Chet over the edge. He groaned as he
released a series of powerful spurts, which splashed across Norma's neck and
face. After the first jet she turned her head away, but his come still
splattered onto her cheek and into her hair. Norma made a sound as though she
were going to throw up, but she didn't.
	"Damn!" Chet said, a little breathlessly. "Oh well, now I can get a
better view." He swung himslf off the still struggling girl and moved around to
her head, facing Cindy. Grabbing Norma's arms, he pulled them over her head and
crossed them at the wrists, pinning them down. "I'll hold her for you, Cindy,"
he said. "Come on, Norma, just relax, okay? You know you're gonna love this."
	Cindy had now managed to get Norma's pants and panties down her legs and
off. She now raised her eyes to his, and for a moment it appeared that she was
going to protest, or to beg him not to make her proceed. But his look told her
it was no use. Norma was still squirming and trying to kick, but she was
weakening now, and Cindy was able to pull her legs apart and wedge herself
between them.
	Cindy had little experience with girls, but her recent encounter with
Kathy Saunders had taught her a lot, and she knew bttter than to do less than a
good job. So she did her best with her friend, and Chet watched avidly as
Cindy's mouth and tongue worked away. When Norma at first showed no reaction, he
exhorted Cindy to work harder. Cindy raised her head from Norma's crotch long
enough to assure him that she was doing the best she could, but Chet told her
that was obviously not good enough. He said he expected her to make Norma come
with her mouth, and that if she didn't she'd be sorry. Norma cursed at him, but
Cindy went pale and redoubled her efforts. And after a while, in spite of
herself, Norma began to show signs of arousal. Her breathing became heavier and
her head began to roll slightly from side to side. Watching, Chet saw her
nipples harden. He grinned.
	"Having a good time, Norma?" he said to her.
	"Fuck you," Norma panted.
	"Oh, don't worry, you will," Chet replied. His now limp cock was already
starting to twitch again. He released the girl's wrists and moved forward until
he was crouching over her face, his knees pinning her upper arms to the floor,
his cock dangling toward her mouth. "Clean me off, Norma," he ordered.
	The girl turned her face away. Chet reached down and grabbed her by her
hair with both hands, twisting it cruelly and pulling her head back into
position. Norma cried out. "Remember those pictures, Norma," Chet gritted.
"Remember why you're here. Now be a good girl and take me in that pretty mouth."
	Norma for the first time gave something that might have been a sob as he
lowered his sticky cock to her mouth, open now in reaction to her pain. Chet let
go of her hair as she helplessly took him in and he felt her reluctant tongue on
his stiffening flesh. "Don't stop, Cindy," he said.
	For several minutes Chet held himself still, with his now semi-limp cock
completely inside Norma's mouth. Norma was moaning now, partly from unhappiness
at her situation, but also in reaction to what Cindy was doing to her. Chet
enjoyed the sound of those muffled moans from around his cock, and the sensation
of her lips around him and her tongue brushing his swiftly growing dick. When it
was almost completely hard again he began to fuck her mouth, slowly but deeply,
until he grew large enough to make her gag each time he pushed himself into her
throat. Then he stopped moving, not wanting to come again so soon, and also not
wanting Norma's torment to prevent Cindy from accomplishing her goal. He simply
let his cock rest in her moaning mouth as he watched what the blonde girl was
doing. He still kept her arms pinned, and Norma's struggling gradually ceased,
the writhing of her body taking on a different character. Chet removed his cock
from her mouth entirely as she began to gasp for breath, her hips arching off
the floor as she pushed her crotch against Cindy's working mouth. Finally she
spasmed, gave a small cry of completion and lay still.
	"Good work, Cindy," Chet said, grinning. "See, Norma? You are a dyke
after all."
	"Fuck you," Norma said again, still breathing hard.
	"Still can't wait for that, huh?" Chet said mockingly. "But first I want
to watch you pay Cindy back, Norma."
	"What?" Her eyes widened, staring at him with pure hatred.
	"You heard me. I want to see you doing to Cindy what she just did to
you. I mean, it's only fair, right? And you know you want to."
	"What if I don't?" Norma challenged.
	"Hey, you've come this far, Norma. It'd be a shame to have gone through
all that only to see those pictures up on the school bulletin board, don't you
think? Not to mention mailed to your parents. Come on, just munch on Cindy's
pussy for a while, and then it'll be all over. After I fuck you, of course."
	Norma cursed him then, with words he had never heard from a girl's mouth
before. But she did it. At his order, Cindy lay down on the floor and raised her
knees, spreading them wide, and Norma crawled between her legs nnd proceeded to
eat her out. She showed surprising skill, and Cindy was soon responding with
gasps and groans, twisting and squirming and clutching at Norma's hair. The
sight so aroused Chet that he couldn't wait any longer. Crouching behind Norma,
he took her from behind, slipping his cock deep into her no longer dry pussy
with one strong stroke. Norma lifted her head with a cry of rage, but he told
her not to stop what she was doing, and she went back to Cindy's cunt. Her
muffled protests mingled with Cindy's gasps of passion as Chet fucked her hard
and fast. His hands slid under her to hold her wonderful swaying breasts,
squeezing and twisting them as he pounded at her, until with a roar of triumph
he shot again and again into her helplessly accepting body.
					#
	Cindy was more desperate than ever. The situation was becoming
impossible. In order to avoid having to give herself to whoever Chet told her
to, she had already whored herself to others, both male and female. And now Chet
was demanding she supply him with more of her friends, and she didn't see any
way she could do it. Which meant she would be faced not only with becoming the
school slut, but with her father's displeasure at her for having failed at her
task. She didn't even want to think about what that could mean.
	There was only one thing she could think of to do. It was risky, it was
dangerous, and it meant whoring herself out once again. And if her father found
out, which was one of the dangers, she might as well kill herself. But if she
didn't find a way, she might as well do that anyway, she thought. And yet she
couldn't bring herself to put her idea into action. Until Chet started to get
impatient again. She stalled him as best she could until finally he gave her
another deadline. Three days. She had three days to come up with another of the
girls on the list. Preferably, of course, Armina Banks.
	She had to take the plunge.
					#
	She didn't know where the black man lived, but she and Raymond had once
been with their father when he stopped by the white man's apartment for a brief
business conference. So she went there. He was surprised to see her, but he let
her in.
	Cindy was very nervous. "Listen," she said when they were seated. "If
you tell my father about this--if he finds out--he'll kill me."
	"Finds out what?" the man said. She suddenly realized that although she
had seen him at her father's house a number of times--the last time being when
he and his partner had broken Rhonda Quaid's arms--she didn't even know his
name. She tried to keep herself from shaking.
	"That I came here," Cindy said. "And--and what I came here for."
	"And what the hell is that?" the man said.
	"I--I want to ask a favor. And I--I'm willing to pay for it."
	"What is it?" the man said. "And how much?"
	"Not with money," Cindy said. "I don't have money."
	The man's eyes narrowed. Cindy's heart was pounding. This was no eager
student, no young boy she could reduce to jelly by just looking at him. This was
a man, an experienced man and a dangerous one, who, she was sure, had as many
women as he wanted. Still, he was a man. And she was still Cindy Arnett.
	"What are you talking about, kid?" the man said.
	She took a breath and looked straight into his eyes. "I'm not a kid,"
she said. "You know that. I've seen you looking at me. You and your partner too.
At my house. I've seen it. And I know my father has told you I'm off-limits,
right? He won't let you touch me. Well, I will."
	The man stood up suddenly, and Cindy almost thought he was going to hit
her. "Get the fuck out of here," he said flatly.
	It took all the will she could muster, but Cindy didn't move. "Are you
saying you don't want me?" she asked him. "Because I don't believe that."
	The man had to laugh now. "Jesus, you're a real little cunt, aren't
you?" He shook his head. "I don't know what your problem is, kid," he said. "But
if you think your father would kill you if he found out you were here, what the
hell do you think he'd do to me if I fucked around with his precious daughter?
Shit."
	"Then it's to both our advantages to make sure he doesn't find out,"
Cindy said. "Listen." She stood up then and moved close to him, close enough so
that her breasts brushed against the front of his shirt. "I'll be good for you,"
she whispered. "I promise, I'll make it really good. I'll do anything you want.
Please."
	Just then she heard a strange noise from somewhere deep inside the
apartment. It sounded like someone moaning, or trying to. She was distracted for
a moment, but the man paid no attention. He didn't move away, but he didn't
touch her either.
	"Anything I want, huh?" There was mockery in his voice, but she thought
she heard lust there also. "You don't know what you're saying, girl. You know
what we do for your father? Didn't you see what we did to that woman at your
house? Is that what you want?"
	Cindy swallowed. "I don't think you want to break my arms or anything,
because then my father would find out. Actually, anything you can do to me, my
father would do worse. But what you do for him is the reason I'm here." She
leaned harder against him. "Can we...make a deal?"
	The man still didn't move. Again Cindy heard a stifled sound coming from
another room. "What's that?" she asked.
	"That's none of your busines," the man said. He moved away from her and
sat down again. "So what about my partner? You gonna do anything he wants too?"
	"I think you could do this by yourself," Cindy said. "I mean, it's
just--"
	But the man was shaking his head. "Nope," he said flatly. "No deal, kid.
Me and him, we're a team. We work together, and we share the payoff. You fuck
me, you fuck him too. That's it."
	Cindy closed her eyes, then opened them. She took a long breath. "Okay,"
she said resignedly. "Him too."
	"All right," the man said. "Maybe."
	"Maybe?"
	"Maybe. You tell me just what it is you want us to do, and I'll tell you
whether it's worth it."
	"It will be. I told you, I'll--"
	"Spit it out, girl."
	Cindy told him. The man listened, his expression unchanging. "How many
girls?" he asked when she finished.
	This was a question Cindy had wondered about. Of her own group of
special friends, the elite girls of the school, which was what Chet had said he
was interested in, he had already had half--herself, Sallie Jussel and Norma
Veney. That left three others, Rachel Harris, Melanie Bryan and Armina Banks.
But what about after them? Would Chet demand more? She couldn't think about
that.
	"Three," she said. "Three that I--I mean, yes. Three."
	"Three," the man repeated. He gave a little snort. "And what did you
think, girl? You think one little lay is gonna pay us off for that?" He shook
his head. "Hey, you're a sexy kid, I'll give you that, but that's just not gonna
do it, okay?"	
	Cindy forced herself to remain calm. "Okay," she said. "What will do it
then? What do you want?"
	"Everything you got," the man said, his voice suddenly harder. "Now.
Strip."
	"What?"
	"Strip. I get to see the prize up front. Take it off, kid."
	"Now wait--"
	"Strip or leave," the man said. "Now."
	For a long moment Cindy stood there, staring at him. Then she turned to
leave. The man said stayed where he was, saying nothing. She got as far as the
door. Then she stopped.
	For a long moment she hesitated, then turned back. "If I--If I
do--you'll--"
	The man shook his head. "Enough talk, girl. Put up or shut up, that's
it."
	"But--"
	"Get out," the man said.
	Again she hesitated. But this was her last chance. Her only chance.
	"All right," Cindy said. She moved back into the room, moved to stand in
front of his chair, only a few feet away from him. Then she took off her
clothes. All of them.
	The man's eyes went over her leisurely, his expression unchanging. "Not
bad," he said finally. "We might be able to work something out. If we can agree
on the terms."
	"I told you," Cindy said, "I'll do anything you want. Can I get dressed
now?"
	"Not yet, girl. You talk a good game. Let's see how good your really
are. On your knees, kid." He unzipped his fly and pulled out his very large,
semi-hard cock.
	Cindy swallowed. "Now wait," she said. "You--you want--I mean--how do I
know you'll--"
	"You don't," the man said. "But you show me how good you are, and if I
like it enough to want more, we'll work out the terms. How's that?"	
	It took every bit of strength she had, but she shook her head. "That's
not fair," she said, her voice shaking a little. "If you promise me--"
	"Okay, bitch, let me put it another way. Look up there." He pointed to a
corner of the room, high up near the ceiling. Cindy looked and saw what he was
indicating--a security camera. She gasped sharply.
	"Yeah, I like to keep a record of what goes on in here," the man said.
"Like you coming in here and offering me your body, telling me not to tell your
father and all. Think old daddy would like to see that bit of tape? Of course
I'll tell him I turned you down. I don't think he'd believe much of what you had
to say after that, do you?"
	Cindy was pale. "All right," she whispered. She took another glance at
the camera. It would be recording what she did now too. She couldn't help that.
It was too late. She stepped closer to his chair, and then lowered herself
slowly to her knees. His cock was harder now. She took it in her mouth and did
her very best to show him how good she was.
	The man made no sound as she serviced him, and showed no reaction until
he finally shot down her throat. Cindy swallowed it all, being careful to take
every drop. Then she licked him clean.
	"Not bad," he said again. "You can do my partner now."
	She looked up at him, startled.
	"He's inside." He motioned with his head toward another part of the
apartment, the part where the sounds she had heard earlier had come from. "Go
find him. Tell him I sent you."
	Cindy got to her feet. She half-expected him to tell her to crawl, but
he didn't. She moved uncertainly in the direction the man had indicated, and
found herself in a hallway onto which several doors opened. From one of them she
heard faint noises, and she headed for it, her steps slow and hesitant. When she
reached it she gave a loud gasp, and had to clutch at the door to steady
herself.
	The sound made the big black man turn around. He was stark naked, and
his huge erection thrust up and out in front of him like a telephone pole. His
eyes were fierce, and the expression on his face alone would have been enough to
send chills of fear through her body. But he was not alone in that room.
	It was a bedroom, and on the bed was a woman. She was bound to the bed,
spread-eagled, her wrists and ankles tied tighly to the corner bedposts, so that
her body was stretched taut. She was about thirty, with short reddish hair and a
slender but curvaceous body. She was as naked as the black man, except for the
gag that covered her mouth. It was a very tight gag, and there was obviously
something stuffed in her mouth beneath it. The sounds Cindy had heard earlier,
she now saw, had come from behind that gag. They were still coming, though not
as loudly. The woman's eyes above the gag were wild and bulging with what
appeared to be a desperate horror, and she seemed to be trying to scream, or to
beg, but the gag was so expertly applied that all that came out was a kind of
muffled buzzing sound. There were marks on her body, particularly on her
breasts, both on the upper and lower surfaces and on the nipples. And now Cindy
saw that the naked black man was holding a lit cigarette in his right hand.
	"What the fuck!" the man said when he saw her standing naked by the
door. Cindy's mouth opened, but her throat was tight, and she was unable to
speak. His eyes narrowed as he recognized her, and he took a step toward her.
Cindy shrank back.
	"I'm--your--your partner sent me in here," she quavered.
	The black man raised his voice. "Jack?" he called sharply. "What the
goddam fuck is going on here?"
    	The white man now came ambling down the hall. He had not bothered to
close his pants. When he reached Cindy he pushed her through the doorway, into
the room. "Girlie here offered us a proposition," he said, grinning at his
partner. "Gives a pretty good blow job for a kid. Says she fucks good too. You
want to try her out?"
	"Goddam it, you know who this is?" the black man said.
	"Yeah, don't worry about it. I got her fucking herself on tape, she's
not gonna tell her daddy anything. Right, kid?"
	"No. I'm not," Cindy said. She tried not to look at the woman on the
bed. "I just wanted--"
	"She wants us to do a little persuading on some high school cunts," Jack
said. "Sounds easy enough. Might even be fun. And we get her. What do you
think?"
	"I'm just getting ready to fuck this bitch," the black man said,
gesturing toward the bed. "Just a couple more burns, I figure she'll be real
docile."
	The woman on the bed tried to scream again. What came out was like the
droning of a mosquito.
	"You can fuck her later," Jack said. "She's not leaving till her husband
gets back. This one is young and ripe. But hey, it's up to you, buddy. You don't
want her, we'll send her home and forget it."
	The black man looked at her body. His erection had not subsided. "You
take it up the ass, girl?" he said to her.
	Cindy closed her eyes and opened them. "If that's what you want," she
whispered.
	"Let me just get rid of this," the black man said, indicating his
cigarette. He turned to the bed and stubbed it out on the woman's left breast,
grinding it slowly into the flesh. The woman's body arched from the bed, pulling
painfully against the ropes that held her, and her throat swelled as she
screamed mightily into the gag. The buzzing sound was louder, but not much.
	"On the bed, girl," the black man said.
	There was no room for her on the bed, the red-haired woman being spread
across its entire surface, but Cindy wasn't about to protest. She moved to the
bed and as she climbed onto it the black man put his hands on her body and
guided her into the position he wanted. She found herself straddling the bound
woman,crouching above her on her knees and elbows, with her ass in the air,
looking down into those begging, horror-glazed, pain-filled eyes. Her breasts
brushed the woman's breasts, swaying against them with the movement of the
mattress as the man mounted the bed behind her.
	Then there was pain, a familiar but most intense pain as the black man
began to force himself into her anus. Cindy tried to relax herself to accept
him, but the man's cock was huge, and the pressure on her tight asshole was
enormous. He grasped her hips, and she cried out sharply as he rammed himself
past her sphincter and into the depths of her by brute strength. The white man
immediately stepped forward and pulled her head back by her hair, slapping his
other hand over her mouth.
	"You be quiet, girl," he warned her. "This isn't your daddy's house. We
got neighbors here. What do you think this bitch is gagged for? You take it and
shut the hell up, 'casue if we have to gag you too you're not gonna like it. You
hear me?"
	Cindy nodded, increasing the pain in her scalp, and he let her go. She
gritted her teeth, trying not to scream, though she couldn't stop the
whimpering, sobbing, mewling sounds that were forced from her as the man behind
her now pistoned his thick cock mercilessly in and out of her anus. The woman
beneath her was whimpering too, though the sound was barely audible through the
muffling gag. Those stifled sounds increased in volume a moment after Cindy felt
the man pull out of her. Then she realized what he was doing. He was taking the
woman too.
	With the white man looking on, the black man now began to alternate
between the bound woman's vagina and Cindy's ass, moving from one to the other
as his fancy dictated. Each time he entered her anew, the pain, which she had
barely begun to accommodate when he had fucked her the first time, became a
fresh agony, made even more tormenting by the need to control her screaming. The
man's hands slid from her hips to her breasts, squeezing them in rhythm with his
thrusts and adding to the torture.
	The white man's cock got hard again as he watched, and finally he
approached the bed and grabbed Cindy's hair again, turning her face toward him.
"This oughta help keep you quiet, girl," he said, jamming his rigid pole into
her panting mouth. He used her hair to keep her head still as he moved his hips
back and forth, fucking her throat.
	Somewhere in the back of her mind Cindy was cursing herself for getting
herself into this situation, and wondering if it could possibly be worth it. But
she had neither the time nor the ability to think about that now. All she could
do was to try to keep breathing, and pray that it would soon be over.
					#
	"I gotta ask you about Jenna," Raymond said to his father.
	"Who?" his father said.
	"Piss Girl," Raymond said.		
	"What about her?"
	"Well, a lot of the guys at school are bugging me about her. Me and her
both. Ever since that day in the bathroom, you know, they want to know when they
can do it again."
	"I assume you have told Piss Girl to refer all requests to you."
	"Yeah, and they been bugging me like hell. I been putting them off, but
it's getting pretty intense, you know? They really want to do it again."
	"Of course they do." Raymond's father thought for a moment. "Very well.
Perhaps we can turn our young masochist into a profitable enterprise. How much
do you think your schoolmates would pay to have Piss Girl at their service once
again?"
	"Jesus, I don't know. They'd probably pay as much as they could afford,
I guess, only most of them can't afford that much, you know?"
	"Yes," his father said. "Still, it is the idea that counts, isn't it?"
	"It is?" Raymond said.
	His father sighed. "Yes, Raymond. It is. Bring Piss Girl here now."
	"Okay." Raymond rose.
	"And bring her mother too," his father said. "I'm sure she'll be pleased
to hear the news."
	Raymond went out and returned a minute later, leading Rhonda on a leash,
on her hands and knees, while Jenna crawled behind them. Rhonda's broken toes
had been splinted by the doctor, but they were still healing, and every movement
brought a whimper of pain from her mouth. Both of them assumed the required
kneeling position in front of Raymond's father, Jenna quickly and easily, Rhonda
more slowly, her obvious reluctance suppressed by her fear of the consequences
of disobedience.
	"Raymond tells me that since your admirable performance in the boys'
room you have been besieged by the young men at your school, Piss Girl,"
Raymond's father said.
	"Yes, sir," Jenna said. "I always just tell them to talk to Raymond."
	"Very good. You may continue to do so. However, it is understandable
that these students would be desirous of further activity of that kind with such
an attractive and pliable young woman. And so I have decided to give them their
chance."
	Jenna said nothing, but a small sound came from Rhonda. Raymond's father
ignored it. "But I have also decided to charge them for the privilege. Raymond,
you will inform your classmates that if they wish to piss on Piss Girl, they may
do so for a payment of twenty dollars. Does that seem reasonable?"
	Rhonda gave an involuntary gasp and seemed about to say something, but
Raymond spoke first. "What if they want to fuck her?" he asked. "Or come in her
mouth? You know, last time--"
	"For that," his father said, "I think we can go to fifty dollars. I'm
sure they can come up with that much for such an opportunity. To be paid in
advance, of course."
 	"No!" Rhonda cried out. She cringed visibly as Raymond's father turned
his gaze on her, and she started to tremble. "Please," she whimpered fearfully.
"Please, sir, I'm begging you. Please. Don't make my daughter into a whore."
	"Your daughter is already a whore, Cock Sucker," Raymond's father said.
"As are you. Is that not so?"	
	"I--" Rhonda choked out.
	"Tell me that," Raymond's father said.
	"I am a whore," Rhonda whispered.
	"And your daughter also. Say it."
	"Please..."
	"Raymond," his father said.
	"No!" Rhonda cried fearfully.
	"Say it, Cock Sucker."
	"My...my daughter is a whore," Rhonda said. Tears sprang from her eyes
and rolled down her cheeks.
	"Her name is Piss Girl. Say it."
	"P-Piss Girl...is a whore," She was almost sobbing now.
	"That's right. And you are still insubordinate. I will decide on your
punishment later. And I will arrange for you to witness one of your daughter's
sessions with her classmates. Raymond, take her back to her room. Piss Girl will
remain here to amuse me with her mouth."
	Raymond tugged on the leash and led a sobbing Rhonda away.
					#
	The white man named Jack and the black men, whose name was Ben, sat in a
car across from Armina Banks's house, watching her parents emerge from the front
door, get into their car and drive away. As the car turned a corner, Ben said,
"Let's go."
	They got out of the car and crossed the street. Jack was carrying a
leather case which held a video camera. Ben rang the doorbell of the Banks
house. After a moment the door opened, and Armina stood there, looking at them
inquiringly.
	"Jesus," Ben said. "That was easy enough." And he pushed open the door,
brushed by the girl and walked inside, followed by Jack, who then closed the
door, locked it behind him and stood against it.
	"Hey!" Armina said. "What's going on?"
	Jack grinned at her. "Didn't your mother teach you not to open the door
to strangers?"
	Ben walked through the small foyer and into the living room, where he
looked around, selected the most comfortable-looking chair and sat in it. He put
his legs up on a hassock and sighed comfortably. "Come on in here, girl," he
called.
	Armina looked bewilderedly at Jack, then moved into the living room.
Jack followed her, leaning against the entanceway. She faced Ben with hands on
hips, frowning, but with a measure of uncertaintly mixed with her indignation.
	"Who are you?" she demanded. "What do you want?"
	Ben smiled at her. She was wearing a light blue shirt and dark blue
dungarees, tight enough to show how her small waist curved deliciously into
promisingly rounded hips and buttocks. Her high round breasts pushed against the
shirt as she breathed deeply, waiting for him to answer.
	"This is gonna be fun, all right," he said to Jack.
	"What is this?" the girl said again. "What do you want?"
	"You are Armina Banks, right?" Ben began.
	"Yeah, who else would I be? Now I'd like to know who you are."
	"We're just a couple of guys who are doing a favor for a friend, all
right? You go to Roosevelt High School, right?"
	"Sure. So what?"
	"Well, it seems there's a young fellow in that school who I think you
might know," Ben said. "His name is Chet Browder. You do know him, right?"
	Armina stiffened, and her eyes narrowed. "Chet Browder? Yeah, I know
him. He's a creep. Any more questions?"
	"No," Ben said. "Just answers. We're here to persuade you to get
friendly with him, Armina."
	The girl laughed sharply. "Well, I'm not about to get `friendly' with
him, so you can just forget it. Okay? Now if you don't mind, I've got things to
do."
	Ben shook his head. "You don't understand, girl. Let me spell it out for
you. I think it would be a good idea for you to call old Chet up and invite him
to come over here."
	She rolled her eyes in exasperation. "Jesus Christ. Look, I don't know
who the hell you think you are, but it figures that Browder creep would have
weirdo friends like you. Now if you don't get out of here I'm gonna call the
police and invite THEM to come over here. So split, okay?"
	"Take off your clothes," Ben said.
	She stared at him in amazement, her mouth dropping open. There was a
moment's pause. "What??!" she exclaimed finally.
	"I don't like to repeat myself," Ben said.
	"Then I'll do it," Jack put in. "He told you to take off your clothes."
	Armina's face expressed astonishment and disbelief, but the beginnings
of fear were there too. "You're kidding!"
	"Are we kidding, Ben?" Jack asked.
	"I'm not kidding," Ben said. "Are you kidding?"
	"Hell, no," Jack said.
	"You go to hell!" the girl said.
	Ben looked at Jack, who was still leaning against the doorway. Jack
straightened up and took threee swift steps toward the girl. She turned to facd
him, and as she did so he sank hs fist, with all his strength, into the pit of
her stomach.
	The breath whooshed out of her and she staggered back, doubling over,
then fell to the floor. She lay on her side, bent into a foetal position,
clutching at her belly, making terrible retching noises and gasping for breath.
	Ben waited until her body stopped twitching, and her retchings and
gaspings had subsided into sobs. Then he said, "Get up."
	She looked at him balefully through her tears, still holding her
stomach. "Bastard," she choked.
	"Jack," Ben said. "Help her up."
	Jack reached down and got a firm grip on the long dark hair, then pulled
strongly, steadily upward. The girl shrieked and clambered to her knees, and
then, half on her own and half hoisted by the pressure on her scalp, made it to
her feet. She stood swaying and crying.
	"Now, girl," Ben said, "will you take your clothes off?"
	"Oh, god!" Armina sobbed. "What are you doing? Leave me alone!"
	"Do it again, Jack."
	"No!" she cried. "Don't! PLease! I--I'll do it."
	"Too late, dear."
	"No!" She backed away from Jack, arms held protectively across her
stomach, but he reached out and slapped her sharply across the face, and as she
raised her hands in surprise, he slammed his fist into exactly the same spot in
her belly.
	This time she threw up on the floor. She vomited and then retched and
then dry-heaved, and her face turned purple before she managed to draw air into
her lungs, choking and rasping.  She writhed and groaned on the floor for
fifteen minutes, and when Ben ordered her to get up, it took her another five to
make it, unsteadily and painfully, to her feet.
	"Now, girl?" Ben said.
	The sobbing girl nodded.
	"Good. Go ahead."
	Jack pointed to the small pool of vomit on the floor. "What about this?"
	"Oh, we'll have her clean it up," Ben said. "But I'd rather she did it
naked. It will be more interesting to watch."
	"Right." Jack grinned. "And if she doesn't shape up we can make her eat
it."
	Armina retched.
	"Straighten up, girl," Ben said. "You just do what we tell you and
you'll be okay, you got that? Now the clothes. You can start with the pants. I
don't like pants on girls anyway. Get rid of them."
	Armina's face had gone very pale, and now a perceptible flush of
embarrassment rose to her cheeks as she stood before the waiting men. But when
she saw the black one glance meaninfully at his partner her hands went quickly
to the front of her dungarees. She opened the button at the top. pulled down the
zipper, and then pushed the jeans down over her hips and let them fall. At a
gesture from Ben she stepped out of them, slipping off her shoes to do so. The
bottoms of white panties could be seen beneath the tail of her shirt.
	"Yeah, that's a lot better," Ben said. "You got real nice legs, girl,
you shouldn't hide 'em, you know? Keep going."
	Armina's hands trembled as she began to unbutton her shirt. Fumblingly
she unded each button, and with obvious reluctance pulled the garment off. She
stood awkwardly in matching bra and panties, holding the shirt in her hand.
	"Drop it."
	She did so, and paused as they waited expectantly. Tears came to her
eyes again. "Please," she whispered. "What are you going to do?"
	"I already told you that, girl," Ben said. "And like I said, it'll be a
lot easier for you if you just cooperate, okay? I'm not gonna tell you that
again. Now get on with it."
	The girl's hands hovered uncertainly, as if undecided which of her two
remaining garments to remove first, and finally settled on the brassiere. She
bit at her lip as she reached behind her to open the clasp, and she kept her
eyes down as she pulled down the straps and let it drop away.
	Jack whistled at the sight of the ripe young breasts, their pink nipples
erect with fear or embarrassment. Armina's color deepened, but she did not look
up. Swallowing hard, she pushed the panties down and stepped out of them.
	The two men let her stand there for a long minute as they took in the
sight of the naked young girl, her luscious breasts rising and falling with her
apprehensive breathing. "Yeah," Jack said then. "That's real nice, honey. Turn
around now and give us a real good view."
	She glanced quickly at Ben, who nodded. Her fists clenched at her sides,
but she turned all the way around in a slow circle. Jack whistled again.
	"Very fine," Ben said. "Okay, girl, you can clean up that mess now."
	They watched her as she got rags and water and, with self-conscious
awkwardness mixed with distaste, cleaned up her vomit from the carpet.
	"Okay," Ben said. "Now we're ready. Now you can call up this Chet
Browder and tell him to come over here."
	Armina stared at him wordlessly, her eyes widening.
	"You're gonna tell him you're all nice and naked, and you're waiting for
him to come over and fuck you," Ben said.
	Armina's throat worked as she swallowed again. After a brief pause, she
shook her head slowly. "I can't," she whispered. "No. I won't do it."
	Ben sighed. "Come here, girl."
	The naked girl trembled, but she stayed where she was, unable or
unwilling to obey him. Jack stepped swiftly up behind her and, before she could
turn around, grasped both her arms by the wrists and twisted them sharply up
behind her back. Armina gasped and then cried out as he forced her arms upward
with a painful pressure, which brought her up on her toes in an effort to
relieve the strain.
	By maintaining the leverage on her arms and pushing at the same time,
Jack forced her to walk, on her toes, to Ben's chair. She stood in front of the
seated black man, shaking and whimpering as Jack kept up the pressure. Ben ran
his eyes contemplatively over the young, supple body.
	"Nice," he said softly. "That's real nice, baby. I like you standing on
your toes like that. It brings out the lines of your legs, you know? And I like
how you're hurting so much and you're so scared that your stomach muscles are
kind of jumping around. And how your tits are shaking a little. Damn good tits
for such a young and slender girl. Bring them closer, Jack."
	Jack pushed up even harder on Armina's arms and simultaneously twisted
her wrists inward, bringing another cry of pain from her and forcing her to bend
forward from the waist, so that the well-formed breasts hung down not more than
a feet from the seated man's face.
	Ben raised a hand to touch one of the fleshy protuberances thus
proffered him, then stroked it gently. "Yeah," he murmured. "Real nice." Then,
so swiftly that Armina had no time to anticipate the blow, he drew back his hand
and struck the breast he had been stroking with a vicious slap, then immediately
backhanded her across the other breast. The two smacks sounded sharply through
the room.
	The girl shrieked, but before the sound was fully out of her mouth Ben
repeated the action, whipping his hand savagely back and forth, leaving red
splotches on the creamy skin of her breasts. He did it again and again, the
punishing hand whipsawing forward and back with deliberate regularity, while
Armina screamed and choked and begged him to stop.
	At last he did, but without giving her time to recover he took a breast
in each hand and squeezed hard. His fingers digging cruelly into the bruised
flesh, he turned his wrists outward, twisting the breasts in opposite directions
with considerable force. She shrieked again, then continued to utter cries of
pain and anguish as he maintained his grip, as though threatening to twist the
breasts from her body.
	Ben showed no sign of exertion, but gazed calmly up into the girl's
distorted face while gradually and effortlessly increasing the strain on her
breasts.
	Caught between Ben's agonizing punishment and Jack's unrelenting
pressure on her arms, Armina's pain-wracked body jerked and squirmed, doing a
little tortured dance from one foot to the other in an unavailing effort to find
relief.
	"Stop!" she screamed. "Oh god, please...oohh...oh please...I can't stand
it...aaahhh...oh don't...oh no, stop, please stop...ohh god..."
	"Listen to me, girl," Ben said, never relaxing his hold. "Be quiet and
listen. Do you hear me?"
	Moaning and gasping, the girl jerked her head in a desperate nod.
	"This is nothing," Ben said. "This is pleasant compared to what we could
do to you, girl. We can hurt you in ways you can't even imagine. We can make you
wish you were dead. Is that what you want us to do, girl? Is it?"
	"Oh no...oh please..."
	"Then you're gonna be a good girl, right? You're not gonna say no when
we tell you to do something. You're not even gonna hesitate. Isn't that right?"
	"Yes...Please let me go...aahh..."
	"In a minute, okay?" Ben said. "I want you to understand what you're
gonna do now, with no more nonsense. You're gonna call up Chet Browder. You're
gonna invite him to come here and fuck you. You got that?"
	"Yes!...Yes, anything...oh god, I'll do anything, please stop,
please..." She was crying now with great rasping sobs, the tears streaming from
her eyes and falling upon Ben's trousers.
	"Yeah. And when he gets here you're gonna be nice to him, and do
whatever he wants, and show him a good time. Understand?" He put an extra bit of
pressure on the twisted breasts, for emphasis.
	"Aaaahh! Yes, oh Christ stop, oh please don't, yes, I'll do it, oh god,
you'll kill me, oh please stop please stop please..." Her voice trailed off into
an incoherent babble interspersed with sobs.
	"Good."  Ben took his hands away from her breasts. "Okay, let her go,"
he said to his partner."
	Suddenly released, the girl fell to her knees and remained there,
slumped over, her head bowed, rubbing her arms, cradling her injured breasts and
crying hysterically. Ben waited patiently until her sobs had subsided somewhat.
	"All right, girl," he said finally. "Now that we understand each other,
let's get it on. Get up now."
	Slowly and painfully Armina got to her feet and sttod unsteadily, still
crying. She did not look at him.
	"Now go over to the phone and make your call. Jack, you got that number?
Give it to her. And make sure she dials it right."
	With Jack guiding her, Armina walked to a chair by the small table which
held the telephone. He pushed her down into it, and she graoned.
	"Don't be rough with the poor kid," Ben said mockingly. "She's gonna
cooperate now, right, girl? Remember, tell him you want him to come and fuck
you. Tell him you're all naked and waiting. Go on."
	"Stop crying, bitch," Jack said. "And do it."
	Armina swallowed and drew a great shuddering breath, then picked up the
receiver. Her hand trembled as she pushed the buttons, and twice she had to
brush the tears away so she could see the digits. There was a brief pause.
	"Hello?" Her voice was hoarse, and she swallowed again. "Hello?
Chet?...I--" Her eyes, in a kind of panic, darted to Ben, who was watching her
steadily, then dropped again. "This--this is Armina. Armina Banks." Her voice
was very low, and it was shaking when, after an effort, she spoke again.
"Yes...I--I want--I mean--would you--w-would you like to come over and--and--"
She swallowed. "And f-fuck me..."
	She said the last words so softly they were hardly audible. Evidently
Chet wasn't sure he had heard her correctly. Or maybe he just wanted to hear her
say them again.
	"I--I said--ohh..." She seemed on the verge of more tears. "I said come
over and--and fuck me...What?...Yes, now...I..." She glanced again at Ben and
bit her lip. "I'm--I'm naked...I'm naked and waiting.....Yes...What?...Yes, I
know what I said...Oh god...Yes, I know I said that, but...but..."
	"Tell him to hurry," Ben said. "You're so hot for him you can't wait."
	"Chet?...H-hurry. I'm so hot for you I--I can't--" She was close to
breaking down, but evidently her request had had its effect, for the
conversation was hastily concluded. Armina burst into sobs again as she hung up
the phone.
	"Okay," Ben said. "Now all we gotta do is wait for him. When he comes, I
want you to go to the door and let him in."	
 	Armina licked her lips nervously.   "Can I--Can't I put something on?"
she asked in a small voice.
	"Hell, no. You go just as you are. You told him you were naked, right?
We don't want the kid to be disappointed, do we, Jack?"
	"How about us having a little fun with her till he shows up?" Jack said.
	"Not yet," Ben said. "After the kid is through, if we feel like it. I'm
sure she'll be happy to give us anything we want. Right, girl?"
	Armina looked fearfully at him, then at Jack, and shuddered.
					#
	Raymond found that he did a brisk trade when he began to sell Jenna's
services to the guys at school. Twenty dollars to piss on her, or fifty to fuck
her anyplace they wanted, seemed like a real bargain. Those who couldn't readily
afford it made great efforts to save, borrow or steal the money. When word got
around, Jenna became so busy that she had to stop going to classes. To avoid
inquiries from her teachers, Raymond's father arranged for her to officially
drop out of school, saying that slaves had no need for formal education anyway.
	She still went to school every day, however, though now she spent most
of her time in the boys' bathroom. Raymond collected the money, passing most of
it on to his father. Of course he kept back a bit of it for himself, though not
enough for his father to get suspicious. So many guys wanted to avail themselves
of Jenna that there was more than enough. He knew the trade would slack off
eventually, but for now it was going great.
	As it happened, the first two boys to take advantage of the bargain got
a lot more for their money than they had expected. This was because Raymond's
father, in order to make good his promise to have Rhonda witness her daughter's
debasement, decreed that this first session would take place in his house. The
two boys, Arthur Caldwell and Bobby Galecki, were a bit disconcerted at first by
finding themselves, along with a naked Jenna, in the bathroom of their friend's
father's home, with an audience consisting of Raymond, his father, and an older
blonde woman, also naked, who knelt in the bathroom doorway and sobbed most of
the time as they had their way with her daughter.
	They began by putting her in the bathtub and pissing on her, for they
had both been saving up their piss since that morning for just this purpose. So
they had plenty to give her, and they soaked her thoroughly, her body and her
face. After that they had her shower off, and then use her mouth on them, until
not even the strangeness of the watching adults could inhibit the hard evidence
of their passion. First they laid her on her stomach over the toilet seat,
supporting herself with her hands on the floor, head hanging down at one end and
her legs at the other, while Bobby took her in the ass, quite brutally. As she
squalled with pain--and pleasure--Arthur lifted her head by the hair and
inserted his penis into her shrieking mouth. Bobby came in her ass, but Arthur
was still hard when they changed positions. He sat down on the seat, pulled
Jenna onto his lap, with her back to him, and stuffed his stiff dick into her
cunt. Bobby stood in front of her and fed his limp and soiled cock into her
mouth, holding it there with his hands in her hair as Arthur bounced her up and
down. Bobby was hard again by the time Arthur came, after which they laid her
down on the floor and played with her naked body, each of them fucking her
whenever and wherever the spirit moved them.
	Rhonda watched all this through the tears that she could not hold back.
She could not look away or even close her eyes, for Raymond's father had warned
her not to do so, and by this time she knew better than to disobey. But she
could not stop sobbing as she watched her daughter being repeatedly raped and
abused, her anguish made somehow worse by the fact that Jenna, as much as she
was obviously suffering, appeared also to receive gratification, and even
enjoyment, from her plight. Jenna, in fact, climaxed a number of times during
her ordeal, her screams of pain and cries of anguish interspersed with groans,
gasps and shouts of purest ecstasy. Which only made Rhonda cry harder.
	It was only when the two boys, apparently drained and satiated, finally
fell away from the moaning girl, that Raymond's father suggested a bonus. A
bonus in the form of the blonde woman. Jenna's mother. Who he called Cock
Sucker. When he said this, Rhonda's kneeling body bent almost double as she
clutched herself, moaning piteously and reflexively shaking her head. Raymond's
father asked the boys what they thought about that. Arthur, speaking for both of
them, said that it sounded like a great idea, but that they were both so spent
after fucking Jenna that he didn't think they could get it up again, at least
not for a while. Raymond's father told them they could take all the time they
needed. He also said that young people were notoriously resilient, and that Cock
Sucker, as her name implied, was quite experienced and talented with her mouth,
and he was sure she could make them ready again before they knew it. He then
ordered Rhonda to demonstrate.
	Again, Rhonda knew better than to disobey, or even to hesitate. She
crawled to the two boys, now lying on their backs on the bathroom floor, and did
as Raymond's father had commanded. Still sobbing.
	She started with Arthur, and after a few minutes she had licked and
kissed and sucked him back into hardness. Arthur then crouched behind her and
took her from the rear, holding on to her abundant breasts for leverage while
she did the same to Bobby. Having expended themselves so thoroughly with Jenna,
they were now able to hold out for a relatively long time without coming, and
they took her in a variety of positions and orifices before they each shot the
last of their jism into her face. Then they both pissed on her before they left.
					#
	When the doorbell rang, Jack went to the foyer to look out one of the
front windows. "It's him," he announced, returning, and started unpacking the
video camera.
	"Let him in, girl," Ben said.
	Armina rose with obvious reluctance, hesitated for a brief second, then
with frightened desperation turned toward Ben. "Please let me just--"
	"Do it," Ben said. He said it very softly, but Armina quailed. She
turned and walked, naked and trembling, to the front door.
	She opened the door and Chet stood there, his eyes widening at the
sudden sight of the naked girl. Armina backed away, trying to cover herself with
her arms. Chet came in, shutting the door behind him.
	"Well, hi, Armina!" he said, grinning as his eyes traveled over her
body.
	"Bring him in here," Ben called.
	The two young people came into the living room. Chet did not seem really
surprised to see Ben and Jack there. He scarcely looked at them before resuming
his study of Armina's body.
	"Don't cover yourself up, girl," Ben said. "The boy can't see what he's
getting. Put your hands down at your sides. Yeah, that's better. So how about
it, kid--you like her?"
	Armina stared at the floor.
	"Hell, yes," Chet said. "I like her a lot. You know, she called me a pig
once."
	"Is that right," Ben said.
	"Yeah. A pig and an asshole, I think it was. And she slapped me too.
Remember, Armina?"
	"Well that's not very nice," Ben said. "I think you should slap her back
for that, that's what I think."
	"Good idea," Chet said, and he raised his hand and slapped Armina across
the cheek. Hard.
	Armina cried out and took a step back, her hand flying to her face. She
started to say something, but Ben's voice stopped her. "I told you to keep your
hand down, bitch. Didn't I?"
	A tiny moan escaped the girl's mouth as she slowly lowered her hand. "I
don't think she's gonna call you any more names, kid," Ben said. "She's all
yours now. She'll do whatever you want her to do. Won't you, girl?"
	Armina was looking at the floor now. She nodded slowly, biting her lip.
	"Tell him," Ben said. Tell him you want him to fuck you. Tell him how he
can do anything he wants to with you."
	Armina swallowed. "I--I want you to fuck me," she said in a choked
voice. "I--You..."
	"Go on," Ben said.
	"You can do anything you want with me," she whispered.
	"And I will, you stuck-up bitch," Chet said.
	"Well, show him, girl," Ben said. "Go on, give him a nice kiss."
	"You guys gonna stick around?" Chet asked.
	"Oh yeah," Jack put in. He indicated the video camera. "We're gonna make
a little record of this, for insurance purposes, you might say. And besides, we
got a little reward coming afterwards, right, Ben?"
	"Right," Ben said. "I gave you an order, girl."
	Armina did not move for several seconds. Then she stepped slowly toward
Chet. Standing in front of him, she raised her face and hesitantly moved her
lips toward his.
	Chet laughed. He took hold of the girl with an arm wrapped around her
waist and drew her to him, pressing her hard against his body. With his other
hand he grabbed a fistful of her soft dark hair and pulled on it, yanking her
head back and bringing a cry of pain from her throat, then jammed his lips down
hard onto her open, moaning mouth. His tongue raped the inside of her mouth as
he squeezed that naked, squirming body still harder into his.
	When he let her go she was shaking, her breasts rising and falling with
her laboring breath. Tears ran down her cheeks.
	"Lie down," Chet said hoarsely. "Right down on the floor, bitch. Go on."
	Armina lowered herself slowly to the soft carpet, then lay down on her
back. Her eyes were closed now.
	"Spread your legs," Chet said.
	With a sob, she obeyed. The pink slit of her cunt peeped at them from
between her parted thighs. "Stay that way," Chet said, and stripped off his
clothes. He was getting used to having sex in front of other people, and he
understood that the two watching men made it even more shameful and degrading
for Armina. That was fine with him. Naked, he dropped to his knees between her
legs, then threw himself full-length upon the recumbent body.
	His hands slid feverishly over her flesh, touching whatever part of her
body he could reach. He moved his head down and put his mouth over her breast,
drawing it in, sucking and biting greedily. Armina whimpered at this treatement
of the still tender mound. Chet repeated the action with her other breast, his
hips squirming as his stiff cock searched for her opening.
	He raised his head to look into her tear-filled eyes. "Help me, Armina,"
he said, grinning. "Put me inside you, bitch."
	He could see the glaring hatred through her tears, as well as the shame.
It made him harder. At first she didn't move, until Ben spoke up. "You better do
what he says, girl," Ben said. With that Armina closed her eyes, reached down
between he legs, found Chet's prick with her hand, and guided it into the
opening of her cunt.
	Chet gave one spasmidoc lunge and slid all the way inside her. The girl
gasped sharply. "Yeah!" Chet said. He held himself still for a moment, and then
began to move in and out of her, hard and fast. He wasn't worried about lasting
now; he just wanted the satisfaction of fucking her and coming inside her. He
knew he could have her again afterwards.
	And probably as often as he wanted.
	She was lying intertly beneath him as he moved, her eyes still closed.
"Armina, you're not cooperating," Chet panted. "I want you to make it good for
me, bitch. Put your arms around me. That's right. Now raise your legs. Higher,
come on. Put them around my waist."
	Crying softly now, the girl followed each direction as it was given. Her
shapely legs were curled around his bucking body, her ankles locked at his back
to keep them there.
	"Now move with me, Armina," Chet ordered. "You know how. Work your hips.
That's it. A little faster. Good. And kiss me."
	With her body wrapped around him, her torso now rising and falling
rhythmically beneath him in response to his orders, and her mouth on his, Chet's
control swiftly deteriorated. His breathing became loud and hoarse; then
suddenly he stiffened all over and his body spasmed as he spurted deep inside
Armina's cunt.
	He continued to lie on top of her, still breathing hard, as Armina's
arms and legs dropped away from him with distate. Her head rolled to one sie.
There were no more tears now; her eyes were expressionless.
	Chet finally pulled himself out of her and floppped over onto his back.
Ben laugthed. "Short and sweet, huh, kid?"
	"That's okay," Chet replied. "I'm just getting started."
	"For god's sake," Armina whispered.
	Ben's eyes hardened. "I guess it's our turn now," he said. "You want
her, Jack?"
	"Fuckin' A." Jack put down the video camera, setting it to run
automatically. He was grinning as he approached the girl, unzipping his fly as
he walked. Armina had sat up at Ben's words and started to say something, but
had apparently realized that it would be futile. She watched Jack apprehensively
as he came toward her, and a low moan rose in her throat when he pulled out his
large, erect penis.
	"Thanks for sitting up, kid," Jack said. "That's nice. That's just
perfect."
	Before Armina realized what he meant he stepped over her, straddling her
legs, took hold of the long dark hair with both hands, and pulled her face
against his crotch. She cried out and tried reflexively to pull away; but Jack
just tugged harder on her hair, keeping her there.
	"Eat it, baby," he said hoarsely. "Open that pretty little mouth and
take it in."
	Armina groaned with the pain in her scalp, but her teeth were clenched.
	"Do what he says, girl," Ben said softly.
	With a cry of despair and helplessness, the girl opened her mouth and
allowed Jack's cock to enter her lips. Jack pushed it into her mouth, farther
and farther, until she gagged.
	"That's it, honey," he said. He slackened his grip on her hair, but did
not let her go. "Now suck it nice."
	The girl's head slowly began to move.
	"Ahh, that's good," Jack said, grinning down at her as he dark head went
back and forth, his prick appearing and disappearing between her lips. "That's
real good. Keep it up, honey. Nice and slow, that's it. That's terrific. Let me
feel your tongue. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You're good, baby, you know that? You're a
real sweet little cocksucker. A little faster now. Oh wow. Don't stop, kid. Just
keep it going."
	Tiny whimpering sounds came from the girl as she continuted to pleasure
him with her mouth. Occasionally she choked when his prick went too deep. Her
body was trembling, her hands clenched into fists, but she did not stop the
slavish movement of her head.
	"Hey, girl," Ben said. "Your hair is getting in the way of my view here.
Push it back."
	She cast him a baleful look out of the corner of her eye, but she raised
her hand and pushed her long hair back over her shoulder. She continued sucking.
	It went on for a long time. Jack had a lot of control, and he was
enjoying himself too much to let it end quickly. He made her vary her tempo,
sucking faster and harder, then slowling down, then speeding up again. A couple
of times he had her just hold his cock in her mouth while she used her tongue on
it. Once he pulled out of her completely and ordered her to kiss and lick the
length of it; then he brought out his balls and had her lick them too, before he
stuffed himself back into her mouth.
	But at last he neared the end. He began to pant. His body tensed as he
arched his hips into the girl's face. "I'm gonna come right in your sweet little
mouth, honey, and I want you to swallow every drop of it," he warned. "Speed it
up, baby, it's coming. Right down your throat. Here it comes, you cocksucking
bitch, take it, take it all, here...it...comes!"
	And with a loud, throaty cry of triumph he poured his semen into her
mouth. Armina's throat worked repeatedly as she desperately tried to swallow it
all, but it was too much for her; she choked, and some of the white sticky stuff
spilled out of her mouth and dripped down her chin and onto her breasts. Jack,
still holding her by the hair, kept her mouth over his cock until he was
completely drained. Then he pulled away from her with a laugh, replaced his now
limp cock in his trousers and zipped himself up. Armina slumped to the carpet
and lay on her side, coughing.
	Chet's cock was hard again. "That looked like fun," he said. "I'm gonna
try that next."
	Armina moaned.
	"My turn first," Ben said. "Then we'll leave you alone with her, okay,
kid? But don't get too carried away--remember her parents will be coming home
sooner or later."
	"Don't worry," Chet said.
	"Turn the camera off," Ben said to Jack. "We got enough to keep her
quiet." He stood up and began to open his pants. "Turn her over," he said.
					#
	It couldn't go on, of course. Not without someone in authority finding
out. Raymond tried to get the boys to keep it quiet, but it was futile. There
was too much talk about it throughout the school, too much money changing hands,
too many boys spending too much of their day in the bathroom. Suspicion was
bound to arise, and discovery was inevitable. Raymond knew this, but he was
making so much money he didn't want to call a halt. Not yet. Not quite yet.
	Of course he waited too long.
	It was the vice principal, Mr. Trask, who made the discovery. If the
teachers were aware that something unusual was going on, most of them were too
lazy or too indifferent or too wrapped up in their own concerns to bother to
investigate. The principal, Dr. Dalbeck, was an old fogey who had litle contact
with the student body, preferring to spend his time on administrative matters
and to leave the actual running of the school to his assistant. Trask was only
to happy to oblige. He was a sharp, suspicious man who looked on the students as
naturally unruly creatures on whom it was his job to impose order and
discipline. When, one day, Raymond raised his eyes from the sight of Jenna, on
her knees, being fucked from behind by one boy while another pissed in her face,
and saw Mr. Trask standing in the bathroom doorway, he knew that not only was
his lucrative setup at an end, but very possibly his time at Roosevelt High
School as well.
	An hour later both Raymond and a cleaned-up Jenna were sitting in Mr.
Trask's office, with Trask regarding them balefully from behind his desk. Trask
was in his mid-forties, thin and sleek-looking, with a small mustache.
	"In all my years of dealing with students," Trask was saying. "I have
never encountered so outrageous a situation. I can hardly believe it, even after
witnessing that--that incredible demonstration. Is there anything you can
possibly say to me in your defense? Either of you?"
	Raymond kept silent. Jenna just stared at the floor.
	"Miss Quaid, you are no longer officialy a student here, I understand.
My records show that you dropped out of school a few weeks ago. Why are you
still here? To make money by--by doing what you were doing earlier? Is that it?"
	"No, sir," Jenna said. "I don't make any money."  
	"Really?" Trask was clearly skeptical. "Then why do you do it?"
	"She does what I tell her," Raymond said. "That's why. She likes it,
okay? That's all."
	Trask stared at Raymond as if he had uncovered a nest of maggots. "In
that case," he said, "I believe we can add pimping to the list of things you
will be expelled for, Mr. Arnett. In fact, I think the police would be
interested in this matter. I'm sure they would."
	Raymond played what he thought was his trump card. "She'll do it with
you," he said.
	"What?" Trask said, his eyes narrowing.
	"I'll get her to it with you. Whatever you want. She's good, she really
is. You can do anything you want with her. Anything."
	"Really?" Trask said. He looked at Raymond for a long time. Finally he
said, "Mr. Arnett, you are a piece of work." He turned to Jenna. "Miss Quaid,
you may go. You are not to come back to this school, do you understand? You will
not set foot in this building again, at any time or for any reason whatsoever.
Is that clear, Miss Quaid?"
	"Yes, sir," Jenna said.
	"Then get out of here."
	Jenna left.
	When they were alone, Trask leaned back in his chair, steepled his
fingers in front of his face and looked over them at Raymond. "Now, Mr. Arnett,"
he murmured. "Tell me something. What in the world made you think that I would
be amenable to the bizarre offer you made to me just now?"
	Raymond shrugged. "I just thought you might like it. You know, a pretty
young girl like that. Who'd do whatever you want. Why not?"
	"Well, for one thing," Trask said, "that pretty young girl has already
been had by just about every boy in this school, from what I can ascertain.
Probably several times over. Not to mention acting as a public toilet. I don't
find that very attractive, Mr. Arnett."
	Raymond shrugged again. "I just thought--you know, after you saw what--I
mean--I figured you might want her for yourself."
	"Well, I don't," Trask said.
	"Okay."
	There was a pause.
	"However..." Trask said.
					#
	"He wants Cindy," Raymond said to his father.
	They were at the dinner table. Cindy was sitting across from Raymond,
with Jenna, naked of course, kneeling under the table, scarfing up scraps of
food that Raymond's father occasionally dropped onto the floor. Rhonda, equally
naked, was serving them. Her collar was attached to a long chain which allowed
her to move between the kitchen and the dining room. The other end of the chain
was wrapped loosely around Raymond's father's wrist.
	"Indeed?" Raymond's father said.
	"Yeah. He wouldn't go for Jenna--I mean, Piss Girl--'cause she's too
much of a whore, but he has a real thing about Cindy." He grinned. "Guess he
doesn't know she's a whore too."
	Without getting up, Raymond's father suddenly reached over and slapped
Raymond hard across the face.
	"Owww!" Raymond cried.
	"It is not your place to call your sister names without my permission,"
his father said. "Apologize to her at once."
	"Aww, come on, Dad--"
	Raymond's father hit him again. "Apologize. Now."
	"Christ!" Raymond said. "I'm sorry, okay? Shit."
	"Cindy," her father said, "do you accept Raymond's apology?"
	"Yes, Daddy." Cindy said flatly, knowing that this rebuke would only
cause Raymond to be more vicious with her the next time he was allowed to make
free with her. But there was nothing she could do about that.
	"Not that you aren't a whore, of course," her father said. "Isn't that
right, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Daddy," Cindy said.
	"Tell me that," her father said.
	"I'm a whore."
	"And?"
	"And a bitch and a slut."
	"Yes. Now what do you think about this Mr. Trask?"
	"He's a creep," Cindy said. "All he does is sneak around looking for
things to punish people for, and he hates everybody."
	"Evidently not you," her father said. "What did he say, Raymond?"
	"Well, you know, he said he was gonna expel me and all, and even call in
the cops. So I offered him Jen--Piss Girl--but he said no, she's not good enough
for him. Then he started talking about Cindy, how pretty she is and all. He
didn't come right out and say it, but that's what he wants all right. He gets
Cindy, I'm off the hook."
	"It would probably do you good to be on the hook for a while," his
father said dryly. "However, we certainly don't want the police to become
involved. I think you know what you have to do, Cindy."
	Tears dripped from Cindy's eyes, but she said nothing.
	"Cindy?"
	"Yes, Daddy."
	"You will do whatever it takes with this man. Raymond, you will find a
way to document these sessions so that we will be able to bargain with him
ourselves. Until then, Cindy, you will make him happy and keep him that way. Is
that clear?"
	"Yes, Daddy," Cindy said.
					#
      School was officially over for the day when Cindy entered the vice
principal's office. Even so, Trask told her to lock the door, which she did by
turning the little lever in the knob. "Sit down, Miss Arnett," Trask said.
	Cindy sat across from his desk, placing her large drawstring purse under
her chair. She was wearing a short skirt and a snug pullover, and, of course, no
underwear, obedient to Chet's orders. She wondered if Trask knew that. If not,
she was sure he would soon find out.
	For several moments Trask just looked at her. He looked at her face, and
he looked deeply into her eyes, and then he let his eyes travel quite slowly and
deliberately over her body. Cindy sat unmoving until his inspection was over.
	"Cindy Arnett," Trask said then. His face was expressionless, as was his
voice. "Queen of the school."
	Cindy said nothing.
	"I didn't really think I would have you this way, Cindy," Trask went on.
"Not that I haven't thought about it. The prettiest girl in school. The most
popular. And, one would suppose, the most unobtainable. And yet here you are.
Why is that, Cindy?"
	Cindy looked away from him. "To keep my brother from getting in
trouble," she replied after a pause.
	"Of course," Trask said. "But even as I raised the subject with your
brother, I didn't really expect it to happen. I brought it up only after he had
offered me someone else, and even then I expected a negative response. But here
you are, ready to trade your luscious young body for your brother's immunity.
You do know that that is why you are here, don't you, Cindy?"
	"Yes," Cindy said.
	"That's quite a sacrifice," Trask said. "You must love your brother very
much."
	Cindy said nothing.
	"I'm going to fuck you, Cindy," Trask said. "You know that, don't you?"
	"Yes," Cindy said.
	"Look at me," Trask said. Cindy did so. "Tell me you're going to fuck
me," he said.
	Cindy took a breath. "I'm going to fuck you," she said in a low voice.
	"Yes. And you're going to suck my cock. Tell me that, Cindy."
	"I'm going to suck your cock," Cindy said.
	"You're going to be my little whore, Cindy," Trask said. "Tell me that."
	Cindy felt the beginnings of tears, but she fought them back.
"I'm--going to be your little whore," she got out.
	"You're making me hard, Cindy," Trask said. "My penis is very hard now.
It wants to be inside your sweet young body." His expression hadn't changed, but
his voice was huskier now. "Show me your tits," he said.
	For just a moment Cindy didn't move. Then, without standing up, she
grasped the hem of the close-fitting top with both hands and pulled it over her
head.
	Trask's eyes glittered as he gazed at her uncovered breasts, but
otherwise his face remained expressionless. "No brassiere," he said. "How
interesting. Are you wearing panties, Cindy?"
	"No," Cindy said.
	"Show me."
	Cindy stood up and lifted her skirt to her waist.
	"Very nice," Trask said. "Did you omit your underwear in preparation for
this visit, Cindy, or is this your habitual mode of dress?"
	Cindy wasn't about to tell him about Chet. "I just--I didn't think I'd
need it," she said after a pause.
	"Well, you're right about that," Trask said. "Whores don't need
underwear, do they? But I didn't think you were a whore, Cindy. I thought you
were Cindy Arnett, pretty Cindy, queen of the school. Who I would make into a
whore, my own pretty little whore. Oh, I didn't expect you to be a virgin. Not
in this day and age. But I didn't expect you to already be a whore. Are you a
whore, Cindy?"
	There was a slight twitch now around his right eye. Something told her
to try to be what he wanted, though she wasn't really sure what that was. She
was still holding her skirt at her waist. Now she let it cover her again and sat
down, crossing her arms over her naked breasts. "No," she said. "No, I'm not."   	
	"Put your arms down, Cindy," Trask said, and she did. "How many cocks
have you sucked, Cindy?" he said.
	God, there's something wrong with him, she thought. "I--I never--" she
began.
	"Don't lie to me, Cindy." The twitch was stronger now. "Do
not--ever--lie to me. How many cocks have you sucked? I want to know."
	She lied anyway. "Only two," she said in a low voice. "Once I was kind
of drunk, and then there was this one boy--"
	"But you've fucked around a lot, is that it?" Trask said. "Is that
right, Cindy?" 
	"No." She made herself look him in the eye, that twitching eye. "Not
really. I only--I mean, you know..."
	"How about in the ass?" Trask wanted to know. "Have you been fucked up
the ass, Cindy? Tell me."
	"No!" Cindy said as convincingly as she could. "No, never."
	"I'm going to fuck you up the ass, Cindy. I'm going to fuck your mouth,
and I"m going to fuck your cunt, and I'm going to stick my penis all the way
into your asshole and fuck you until you don't even know who you are. What do
you think about that, Miss Cindy Arnett?"	
	"You're scaring me," Cindy said, and this time she wasn't lying.
					#
	Rachel knew something was going on, and it all had to do with Chet
Browder.
	It had started with Cindy. First she had showed up at that dance with
Chet, a boy who ordinarily she would never even look at, and had acted all
lovey-dovey with him. After that she had started acting strangely, and it was
obvious that Chet had some kind of power over her. Rachel and Armina had talked
about it, and Armina had tried to confront Chet, but with no success. Then
Sallie, who was always so gay and bubbly, had suddenly become silent and morose.
She had even broken up with her boyfriend for awhile, though now it looked like
they might get together again. But Sallie was still not the same. And then Norma
had also become sullen and subdued, and had started avoiding her friends. And
now it was Armina. She and Rachel had been particularly close, but now Armina
too was avoiding her, and was obviously upset and even distressed. Something had
happened, and Rachel was pretty sure Chet was involved. She had tried to ask
Armina about it, but she had refused to talk, telling Rachel to just leave her
alone. When Rachel persisted, Armina had turned on her and blurted bitterly,
"Oh, don't worry, they'll get you too!"
	When Rachel asked what she meant, Armina just shook her head and walked
away. Fast.
	Now she knew she had to find out what this was all about. And if her
friends wouldn't tell her, she'd have to confront Chet himself.
	She saw him in the cafeteria at lunchtime, sitting by himself. She went
over to his table and sat down opposite him. He looked up in surprise.
	"I want to know what's going on, Chet," Rachel said.
	He looked at her. She was easy to look at. Her hair was blonde, but
darker than Cindy's, and longer. Her eyes were darker too, and they looked
directly into his. She was slender and small-breasted, but her body was well
proportioned and very curvy.
	"What do you mean?" Chet said. He was starting to get used to girls
asking him what was going on. First it had been Jenna, who had given herself to
him in her curiosity. Then Armina, who had scorned him but had ultimately done
the same, albeit unwillingly. He looked forward to the same outcome with Rachel,
sooner or later.
	"Come on, don't play dumb," Rachel said. "We all know you had some weird
thing with Cindy, which she wouldn't even talk about to her best friends. Then,
I don't know, something happened with Sallie Jussel, and Norma too. And now
Armina. And when I asked Armina about it, she said something about they're gonna
get me too. Now I want to know what she meant, okay? Who's gonna get me? And
what for?"
	Chet was feeling cocky. He was on top of the world now. Cindy Arnett was
his slave, and with her help he was knocking off the most desirable girls in the
school, one by one. There was no limit to what he might do or who he might have.
He felt invincible.
	"Me," he said boldly, smiling at her. "I'm gonna get you, Rachel." He
let his eyes drop to her small but perky bosom. "And I think I'm really gonna
enjoy it, too."
	Rachel stared at him for a minute, and then laughed. But the laugh died
out when she saw the expression on his face. "Are you crazy?" she demanded
hotly.
	"Nope," Chet said.
	"Well, yeah, you are, if you think that. Listen," Rachel said, "I
wouldn't have sex with you if you were the last guy on earth. You got that?"
	"Yeah," Chet said. "That's what your friend Armina said too."
	Rachel felt cold. "And what happened?"
	Chet shrugged. "She changed her mind."
	"Why?"
	Chet's cock was hard now as he gazed at the girl across from him,
remembering what had happened with Armina and thinking about what he would like
to do with this one. He threw caution to the winds.
	"She got a visit from a couple of friends of mine," he said. "They kind
of talked her into it, you might say." He paused, looking at Rachel's now
troubled face. "You don't want that to happen to you, Rach, right? You're too
smart for that. You can just say yes to me and we'll all be happy. You might
even enjoy it."
	Rachel stared at him again, then shook her head slowly. "You ARE crazy,"
she said, pushing her chair away from the table. "I think I better talk to
somebody about this."
	"What do you mean?" Chet said.
	"What do you mean what do I mean?" Rachel said. She was angry now. "Who
the hell do you think you are? You can't just--you can't go around threatening
people like that. And doing god knows what to them. I'm gonna report this, and
whatever it is you're doing is gonna get you in trouble, you can bet on that."
She stood up.
	"I wouldn't do that, Rachel," Chet said.
	"Screw you, Chet Browder," Rachel said, and walked off.
	Chet made a phone call.
					#
	"Tell me you love it, Cindy," Mr. Trask said.
	Cindy was bent over the front of his desk, her upper body lying flat on
the desk's surface, her arms stretched out so that her hands could clutch at the
opposite edge. Her hips were crushed painfully against the front edge, while
Trask stood behind her with his cock buried deep in her ass. Cindy was naked,
but Trask was fully dressed, immaculate except for his open fly. His hands were
beneath Cindy's body, clamped around her breasts, his fingers squeezing her
nipples. Each time he thrust into her ass, his hands tightened on her breasts,
bringing a cry of twofold agony from her panting mouth.
	When the moaning girl did not answer immediately, Trask pulled out
slightly and then plunged back into her ass with all his strength. At the same
time his hands contracted on her breasts, the fingers digging into the flesh,
clamping the bruised nippples cruelly. Cindy screamed.
	"I said tell me you love it, whore," Trask said.
	"I...I love it," Cindy gasped out. Her voice was taut with torment.
	"I don't believe you, Cindy." Trask thrust at her again, his fingers
this time twisting her nipples as he squeezed them. "Say it like you mean it,
Cindy darling."
	A tormented squall from Cindy. "AHHH! God! I--I love it! Please!"
	"And you love me, right, Cindy?" Trask said, playing with the swollen
nipples now as he began to move more steadily in and out of her. "Tell me that
too. Say it, Cindy."
	She struggled for breath to speak. The words came out in a strangled
squawk. "I...love you...aauugghh..."
	"Lying whore," Trask said, pumping harder, clamping her breasts harder.
"I want you to mean it, Cindy. I want you to make me believe it. You hear me?
Now say it again. With love, Cindy."
	Incongruously, through her pain and tormnt, Cindy recalled Chet, in
similar circumstnces, urging her to tell him she hated him. Christ, what was
with these men? At least that had been the truth. This was far from the truth,
and Trask knew it. But she had no choice. Though still breathless, fighting to
control her gasps and sobs, she tried to put as much sincerity in her voice as
she could. "I love you..." she got out.
	"That's a little better," Trask said, still thrusting hard, a little
breathless himself now. "But I still don't believe it. Convince me, Cindy. Say
it again."
	Cindy sobbed. Then she screamed as Trask slid one hand out from under
her and clutched it into her disheveled blonde hair, pulling her head cruelly up
and back. "Say it, damn you!" he grated. "Say it, whore. Say it!"
	"I love you!" she howled. "Oh god...please...I love you! I do! I love
you, please, stop, oh Christ, I love you! I love you! Please..."
	"Sweet little whore," Trask moaned, moving harder. His hand twisted in
her hair, forcing her head around until she was almost facing him, straining her
neck. He leaned forward and jammed his lips against her open, screaming mouth.
He held her like that, maintaining the enforced kiss, his other hand clamping
her tortured breast with all his strength as he exploded inside her.
	Finished, he released his grip and collapsed back into his chair,
panting heavily. Cindy stayed as she was, holding on to the desk, her moans and
sobs gradually quieting. When she thought she could stand, she began slowly to
straighten up. Until Trask spoke.
	"You're not done, Cindy whore," he said. "Clean me up."
	She didn't have to be told how he wanted her to do that. Brushing away
the tears that still clung to her cheeks, Cindy shakily went down to her knees.
	Resignedly, she took Trask's limp and soiled penis into her mouth. The
task was disgusting, but at least for the moment she was free from pain, except
for the residual aching and throbbing in her breasts, her scalp and her ass.
Dutifully she used her practiced lips and tongue to clean the mess from his
phallus, and she wasn't surprised when it started to harden again as her mouth
worked its magic. Trask kept her at it until he was fully erect once more, and
then his hands were in her hair again, both hands this time, and he was moving
her head up and down, forcing himself into her throat with each stroke, leaning
back in his chair and moaning now with the pleasure of it, his hands tightening,
pulling her up by her hair, pushing her down, twisting her head to make it
better for him, gradually increasing the tempo, heedless of her stifled gasps
and the mewling, whimpering sounds she made around his hard flesh. "Christ,
yes!" he cried out at last. "Oh yes, Cindy, you fucking whore, take it, Cindy,
swallow it down, Cindy whore, yes, yes, sweet...sucking...whore..."
	Cindy swallowed it all.
	When he let her go she toppled onto the floor, lying there with her eyes
closed as she slowly recovered her breath and waited for the throbbing in her
scalp to diminish.
	"You can go now, Cindy," she heard Trask say. "I'll call you in when I
want you again."
	Cindy managed to get to her feet. Trask just sat there unmoving, his
flaccid penis still hanging out of his pants, watching her as she slowly
struggled into her clothes. Finally she picked up her purse from under the chair
and left his office.
	Outside in the hall, she reached into her purse and shut off the little
tape recorder.
	  				#
	Raymond was once again given free run of Rhonda, until her hair grew
out. His father found her baldness unattractive, he said, and he told Raymond he
could have her any time he wanted, until further notice. Raymond took full
advantage of this freedom, much to Rhonda's distress. But Jenna was still off
limits to him without special dispensation from his father, and this was less
and less often forthcoming. His father was fond of reminding him that he had
once had Jenna all to himself, had had the opportunity to make her his own slave
forever, and had voluntarily given her up. Raymond had to admit that this was
true. Nevertheless, as is the nature of the human species, the less available
she was to him the more he found himself wanting her. Inside the house Jenna was
always naked, moving around doing her chores, or kneeling quietly in a corner of
the room, or serving his father in one way or another. Raymond lusted for her
now, but the more importunate he bacame, the less his father was inclined to
indulge him. Raymond took out his frustration more and more savagely on Rhonda,
but his hunger for her daughter was not appeased.
	On the day that Cindy stayed after school to visit Mr. Trask's office,
Raymond came home to find his father preparing to leave for some kind of
business meeting. He told Raymond he would be gone for several hours, and
instructed him to keep an eye on the two slaves. Not that he was concerned; Cock
Sucker was safely chained up in her room, and Piss Girl had no desire to make
any trouble. Still and all, he said, Raymond should stay in the house until he
returned.
	Raymond asked, trying not to sound too eager, if he could make use of
Piss Girl while his father was gone. His father said no.
	Raymond knew better than to argue.
	When his father had gone, Raymond went upstairs to Rhonda's room,
seething with anger. When Rhonda saw him her eyes instantly filled with fear,
and little involuntary whimpers came from her throat. Nonetheless, she dutifully
got up, moved toward him as far as her chain would allow, and sank to her knees
in front of him.
	Raymond spat in her face, then turned and left.
	He was tired of that old bitch. Screw her, and screw his father too, for
that matter. What his father didn't know wouldn't hurt him.
	Jenna was cleaning the kitchen. Raymond came in and leaned against the
door post, watching her. "Hey, Jenna," he said.,
	Jenna looked at him with surprise. She was unused to being called by her
name in this house. At Raymond's father's insistence, everyone called her Piss
Girl, always. Even her mother.
	"Come over here and suck my dick, baby," Raymond said.
	Jenna's eyes widened. "Your father didn't--"
	"My father's not here. It's just you and me, Jen. Come on, you like to
suck dick, right? Or do you want me to hurt you first. That'll put you in the
mood, won't it?"
	Jenna bit her lip. "But--but if your father--"
	"What my father doesn't know won't hurt him. And you're not gonna tell
him. Right, baby?"
	"But--but he's--"
	Raymond straightened up and walked over to where she was standing. "I
asked you a question, bitch." He slapped her hard across the face. She staggered
back. He went after her. "You're not gonna tell him a thing, isn't that right?"
And he slapped her again, backhanded. This time she almost fell. She cried out
with pain, but he saw something in her eyes now, something he remembered well.
He grinned, and felt his cock swell. He took hold of both her wrists and twisted
her arms up behind her, as far as they would go without breaking. Jenna cried
out again, and then the cry became a moan, a long, wavering moan of anguish, but
an anguish not unmixed with pleasure; of torment, but of need and desire as
well. The strain brought her up on her toes as Raymond twisted her wrists, and
after teetering there for a moment she fell helplessly against him.
	"That's my little pain slut," Raymond said, and jammed his mouth down on
hers.
					#
	After her conversation with Chet, Rachel Harris went straight to the
principal's office. She couldn't get in to see Dr. Dalbeck, who seldom spoke to
the students anyway, and when she tried Mr. Trask she was told he had gone home
early. She wondered if she should go to the police, but she decided she didn't
really have enough information for them to be interested. She would talk to
Trask the next day.
	It wouldn't have done her any good, because by then Trask had received a
small packet in the mail. It contained a copy of an audio tape on which was
recorded the whole of his encounter with Cindy in his office. Along with an
anonymous letter stating that if he didn't want the tape sent to the newspapers
he would have nothing more to do with Cindy Arnett, or any of the other students
for that matter; and in addition, any further sexual goings-on among the student
body that might come to his attention were to be ignored as a matter of policy.
Trask didn't bother Cindy again.
	Rachel, however, didn't actually approach him at all. Because that
afternoon, on her way home from school, she was picked up on the street by two
men, one black, one white. They forced her into their car with a swiftness and
expertise efficient enough to attract little or no attention, and she found
herself sitting between the two in the front seat, the black man driving. They
drove her to a deserted spot in the woods outside the town. There they got out,
taking her with them. They didn't spend as much time and trouble with her as
they had with Armina Banks; the setting was less comfortable, and Chet would not
be joining them this time. As soon as she was out of the car the black man
punched her as hard as he could, without warning, in the solar plexus. Rachel
fell to the ground and they watched her as she rolled around there, clutching
her belly and making choking, gurgling sounds as she struggled to get her breath
back, which took a long time. They watched her skirt ride up on her twisting,
flailing legs. As they watched they pulled down their zippers and took out their
hardening cocks. They didn't bother with the rest of their clothing.
	When Rachel finally managed to get some air into her lungs, gasping and
panting, they told her to get up. When she didn't, the white man kicked her
viciously in the side, bringing a strangled scream from her still constricted
throat. With some difficulty she got herself onto her hands and knees, crouching
there with her head hanging, her breath rasping in her lungs, unable to go
further. The white man reached down and grasped a handful of her dark blonde
hair and pulled her head up by it. He took a step forward and pulled her face
into his groin, her mouth against his now stiff cock. Rachel gave a choking cry
and turned her head away. The white man growled and pulled harder on her hair,
hauling her to her feet that way. She came up screaming, and he held her by the
hair while the black man punched her in the stomach again.
	This time she was unable to fall, with the white man maintaining his
grip on her hair. Her legs rose and fell, one by one, and her body jerked and
spasmed as again she tried in vain to regain her breath. She was still trying
when the black man tore open her shirt and pulled off her bra as though it
wasn't there. He put his hands on her breasts and twisted them savagely, and
Rachel would have screamed like an animal if she could have. Then he began to
slap them, using both hands alternately and swinging hard, the sounds of the
hard, cruel blows echoing through the trees, until Rachel found breath enough to
beg him brokenly for mercy.
	"Okay," the white man said, "let's try this again." Still keeping his
grip on her hair, he lowered his arm, causing Rachel to sink to her knees again.
As before, he jammed her face into his crotch, but this time Rachel did not
resist. What he wanted was obvious, and in desperation she took his hard
protuberance into her sobbing, moaning mouth. "That's the girl," the man said,
and began to fuck her face by moving his hips back and forth and pulling her
hair in the direction he wanted her mouth to go. The tip of his thick cock
battered at her throat again and again, which did not help her continuing
struggle for breath, and the fiery pain in her scalp was nearly unbearable.
	 Now the black man knelt behind her, and she felt him tugging on her
legs, pulling them back until her balance on her knees became precarious and she
had to support herself with her hands. Then he was pushing her skirt up over her
behind and ripping off her panties. Rachel gasped around the moving cock in her
mouth as she felt the head of his penis probing at her anus. Then she screamed
as he grasped her hips and speared himself brutally into that tiny puckered
hole, battering away all resistance with the sheer strength of his lust.
	Rachel thought she might pass out, but she didn't. She crouched there in
the dirt and underwent the double rape, her body awash with pain and agony, her
mind drowning in shock and horror. The white man came down her throat, and she
was still gagging on his semen when the black man turned her over onto her back
and crawled up until he was kneeling on her shoulders. He must have climaxed
too, for his now limp cock was dangling over her mouth, streaked with residue
from her ass. "Eat it, girl," he said, lowering it to her lips. "Clean it off
for me real good."
	For a split second disgust battled with fear inside her, but she had no
time to contemplate, for the black man grabbed the hair that the white man had
only just released and twisted it as he pulled her head up to his dick.
	As she cried out with the new pain he sank the slimy hose between her
open lips. His other hand found a nipple and squeezed it. "Clean it, girl," he
said, and she did.
	Her ministrations made him hard again, but he pulled out of her mouth
after a minute, saying to the white man, "Get the rope." Then they were tying a
rope around her neck in an improvised noose, and the white man threw the other
end over a tree branch and began to pull on it. When she began to choke she
scrambled painfully but hastily to her knees, and then to her feet. The white
man kept pulling until she had to stand almost on her toes to avoid choking. She
was terrified that they meant to hang her. At that point the black man took the
end of the rope and tied it off around the tree. Instinctively her hands reached
up to grasp the rope avove her head, pulling on it to try to haul herself up
enough to ease the pressure. It didn't help much. Her legs were straining as she
stood as tall as she could to avoid strangling. She began to plead desperately,
gasping and sobbing, her words almost unintelligible.
	The black man came up to her now, ripping off the remains of her blouse
and her rumpled skirt. He put his hands on her breasts and clamped them one more
time, and as he did so he kicked her legs apart with his foot. Rachel's cry was
cut off as the rope dug into her neck, and her eyes went wide with terror. The
black man stepped closer and reached down to grasp her legs, one with each hand,
pulling her thighs up to the level of his waist, with him between them. Holding
her lower body as still as possible, he found the opening of her cunt with his
still very hard cock and thrust himself into her.
	With a terrible strangled cry, Rachel clenched her legs tightly around
the black man's body, in desperate hope of giving herself some leverage with
which to ease the constriction around her neck. To some extent she succeeded,
but as the man fucked strongly in and out of her, moving her back and forth, the
noose tightened and loosened erratically, and she had to breathe when she could,
in frightened, frantic gasps. Then the white man was behind her, pulling her
buttocks apart, and she tried to scream as she felt his cock too poking at her.
"Hold her still, damn it!" the white man said. The black man stopped moving for
a moment, during which she vised her legs around him with all her remaining
strength, pushing herself upward to achieve a few glorious unimpeded breaths.
Then the white man was pushing into her anus, making her scream again, and when
he was lodged inside her she was buffeted between the two of them as they took
her in a contrapuntal rhythm. All the time her arms were over her head, her
hands clutching almost uselessly at the rope, and the noose gave her no mercy,
tightening again and again as they bounced her up and down, harder and faster,
until she was sure she would strangle to death. And she almost did, before they
both came and fell away from her. Even with her feet on the ground, her toes
could no longer support her, and she would have choked had not the black man cut
her down.
	She lay there on the ground, taking in great gulps of air and hurting in
every part of her body, as the two men tucked themselves in and zipped up. Then
they sat her up, and she saw that the white man was holding a video camera. The
black man told her what she was going to say to the camera. He gave her the
exact words, and asked her if she understood. Rachel said yes. The white man
turned on the camera and Rachel said what she had been told to say. They were
words that implicated her unmistakably in the things they had just done, and in
other things too, and which were a sure guarantee that she would never report
what had happened to anybody.
	After that they told her what she was going to do at school the next
day. And in the days to follow. Then they took her home. They had even brought
along a new dress for her to wear.
	The next day, Rachel found Chet once again in the cafeteria. She sat
down opposite him. She looked pretty good. She had covered up a couple of
bruises with makeup, and she wore a high-collared blouse to cover the marks that
the rope had left on her neck.
	"Hi, Rach," Chet greeted her.
	Rachel swallowed. "Chet," she said then, "I-I want to apologize for the
way I spoke to you yesterday. I'm really very sorry, Chet. I'm--Of course I
would love to have sex with you. It would--it would be an honor, Chet. I'll be
happy to have sex with you any time you like."
	"That's good, Rachel," Chet said. "That's very nice indeed. And you'll
do it any way I want, right?"
	Rachel swallowed again. "Yes, Chet," she said.
	"Yes. And you'll do it real good too, right, Rachel? You'll be just as
good as you can be for me, isn't that right?"
	"Yes, Chet," Rachel said.
	"Good," Chet said. "Why don't we start now."
					#
	When Raymond's father came home, he knew almost instantly what had
happened. One look at his son's quasi-innocent but self-satisfied face told him
that Raymond had been up to something, and he suspected what it was even before
he went into the kitchen and saw Jenna, who was still cleaning up. There were
marks on her face and body that hadn't been there before, and as soon as she saw
him she began to tremble. Without a word, he marched back into the living room,
went up to where his son was sitting and without warning backhanded him a savage
blow across the face. Raymond cried out and tried to stand up, but his father
hit him again. Raymond put up his hands to shield himself, cringing.
	"You have deliberately disobeyed me, Raymond," his father said. "I will
not tolerate that, and you know it. How dare you go against my orders?"
	"Dad, I was just--I mean, I couldn't help it. It was her--she wanted it,
Dad, and she begged me, she...I couldn't..."
	"You are contemptible," his father said. "I am ashamed to think you are
my son. You will be punished for this, Raymond. And you have lost any privileges
you may have enjoyed in this house. From now on you will have nothing to do with
Piss Girl, or with Cock Sucker, or with any other female under this roof.
Including your sister. You will never touch any of them again. Is that clear?"
 	"But-but Dad..." He started to protest, but he could see in his father's
face that it was no use.
	"Piss Girl," his father called. "Come in here."
	Jenna came in. She was still shaking. She quickly assumed the kneeling
position.
	"You have violated my trust," Raymond's father said. "You can no longer
be my slave. You will have to leave here at once."
	Tears sprang to Jenna's eyes, and she gave an involuntary cry. "Please,
sir," she whimpered through quivering lips. "Oh god, please don't send me away.
Punish me, do anything to me. I didn't mean to--I would never--I swear--"
	"I realize that this violation was not completely voluntary on your
part," Raymond's father said. "Nevertheless, it should not have happened, and I
cannot condone it. Furthermore, no punishment would be sufficient to atone for
this, particularly as punishment is a pleasure for you, twisted slut that you
are. The only chastisement you will truly appreciate is being deprived of that
subservient status which is the only thing that can give meaning to your
miserable life. You will go at once."
	"No..." Jenna wailed. Trembling harder now, she went to all fours and
crawled across the room to him, sobbing, until she was crouched at his feet. "I
beg you, sir," she choked out. "You are right, I am a twisted slut, but I am
your slave, I belong only to you. Oh, please let me stay with you. I will do
anything. Anything..." She was crying too hard to continue.
	"Indeed," Raymond's father said. He stood there looking down at the
huddled, shaking, spasming figure, saying nothing more until her sobbing
gradually subsided and her tear-streaked face turned up to him, her eyes red and
fearful. Then he pulled down his zipper and took out his dangling penis. "Drink
this, Piss Girl," he said. Jenna immediately raised herself on her knees and put
her mouth around the flaccid phallus. Raymond's father pissed strongly and
steadily into her mouth, and Jenna expertly swallowed it all down as it came, in
spite of the occasional residual sob that escaped from her mouth.
	"Do you remember, Piss Girl," Raymond's father said as he relieved
himself, "when you first came to me, begging to be my slave, do you remember
what it was that I asked you to do in order to prove the strength and extent of
your desire? An action which at first you were unable to carry out, but which,
when your overwhelming need for captivity and degradation compelled you to
return, you then agreed to do. Do you recall that, Piss Girl?"
	Jenna's face went pale, but she did not stop swallowing his piss. She
made a sound around his cock, a sound that was both an affirmative answer to his
question and a frightened reaction to it.
	"Of course you do," Raymond's father said. "And when I, at the last
minute, rescinded that demand, did I not inform you that I might, if
circumstances warranted, renew it at some future date?" He finished pissing, and
Janna dutifully milked the last few drops from his penis and cleaned off the tip
with her tongue before letting it drop from her mouth. "Did I not, Piss Girl?"
he said
	Jenna swallowed once more, even though there was nothing left in her
mouth to swallow. "Yes, sir," she whispered.
	"And now the time has come," Raymond's father said.
					#
	By now Chet knew pretty well which classrooms were not in use at which
times, and he had no trouble finding an empty one for him and Rachel to use. He
smiled at her as he locked the door behind them. Rachel did not return the
smile. Her face was expressionless. She did not cry or beg, but she was
obviously not happy. In her eyes he thought he could see the hatred and contempt
for him that she had expressed the previous day. The submissive words she had
said to him earlier, and the compliance she had agreed to, were the result of
the fear that had been instilled into her, which was even stronger than her
loathing. That was fine with him. That had been the idea.
	"Well, Rach," he said to her. "Here we are. Didn't I tell you this would
happen? You could've saved yourself a lot of grief if you'd just listened to me
and been a good girl. Couldn't you?"
	"Well, it's too late for that," Rachel said flatly. "What do you want me
to do?"
	"A lot," Chet said. "I want you to do a lot, Rachel. You can start by
getting naked."
	Rachel took a breath. Then she began to take off her clothes. He could
see that her fingers trembled slightly as she unbuttoned her shirt, but she did
it without hesitation and without pause, stripping herself methodically and
rather mechanically of shirt, slacks, shoes, socks, bra and panties. When she
was done she stood there naked, looking at him, still with no visible
expression, except for what was in the depths of her eyes.
	"That's gorgeous, Rachel," Chet said, his eyes moving slowly and
deliberately over her slender, curvaceous body, her shapely legs, her narrow
waist, her small but assertive breasts. There were marks on that body-- bruises,
scratches and abrasions from the night before, and an angry-looking rope burn
around her neck--but none of these things marred the overall beauty and
eroticism of her nakedness. In a way, he couldn't help thinking, they might even
have enhanced it.
	"Boy, they really worked you over, didn't they, Rachel?" he said to her.
And when she said nothing, he added, "Tell me what they did to you."
	"Why?" Rachel said testily. "Come on, Chet, you've got me here, just do
what you want, okay?"
	"Rachel," Chet said.
	"What?"
	"You know I can get those two guys to play with you again." He was aware
that this probably wasn't true, but he knew it would have the effect he wanted.
"I can get them any time I want, and I know they'd enjoy that. Is that what you
want, Rachel?"
	"No." The fear was visible now. "No, Chet."
	"Say please," Chet said.
	"Please."
	"Now tell me what they did to you, Rach. Tell me everything. In detail.
Okay?"
	So she did. She told him all of it. When she finished a tear slipped out
of her eye and ran down her cheek, but she quickly brushed it away.
	Her recitation excited him. His cock was very hard. He quickly took off
his clothes. Rachel looked away.
	"Look at me, Rachel," he said.
	She looked at him.
	"Come over here."
	She came.
	Chet raised his hands and clamped them over her breasts. Rachel stood
very still.
	"Sweet little bitch," Chet said. "Snotty, stuck-up, snobby little
bitch." He squeezed her breasts slightly. "Ask me to fuck you," he said.
	"Chet--"
	"Rachel. You gonna do what I say?"
	Rachel took a breath. "Yes," she said between her teeth.
	"Then ask me to fuck you. Ask me nice. Say please."
	"Please fuck me," Rachel said.
	Chet squeezed her breasts harder, until she gasped. "Nicer than that,"
he said.
	She swallowed. "Please fuck me, Chet."
	"I will," he said. "Now ask me to let you suck my dick."
	"Oh god, you--"
	He twisted the breasts. Rachel let out a cry and hunched forward.
	"Ask me."
	"Please...let me suck your dick," she got out.
	"Again."
	"Please let me suck your dick." She was panting now.
	Chet suddenly let go of her. She straightened up, putting her arms over
her breasts protectively, harsh breaths coming from her mouth. "You know, I
shouldn't have to hurt you to get you to be nice to me," he said. "You've
already been persuaded, and you just said you don't want to go through that
again. So let's try it without the pain. Beg me to let you suck my dick, you
little cunt."
	Rachel closed her eyes, but he ordered her to look at him again. He
couldn't have described what was in those eyes as they looked into his. But her
words were what he wanted to hear. "Please, Chet...please...I'm begging
you...please let me suck your dick. Please."
	"Okay," he said. "Do it. Now."
	And Rachel got down on her knees on the dirty classroom floor and took
his cock in her mouth. She was still panting a little, but she didn't cry or
moan. He told her to do it well, and she did. He didn't touch her, even her
hair, he just stood there and let her pleasure him. When he was ready to come he
told her not to move, to keep her head where it was, and she did so as he pulled
out of her mouth and shot his jism all over her face.
	"Don't wipe it off, Rachel," he said. "Take me back in and suck me hard
again, so I can fuck the shit out of you."
	When she had done that he lay down on his back and had her get on top of
him and take him inside her. Having come once, he was able to hold out now, and
he had her fuck him that way for a long time, watching her breasts bouce and her
thighs flex as she pumped herself up and down, watching how her hair flew around
her face, and how his come kept dripping from her face onto her breasts. He told
her when to go fast and when to go slow, when to twist her hips, and when he got
close again he had her bend down to him and kiss him, putting her tongue in his
mouth. He reached up and held onto her hair, jamming her lips hard against his
and grunting triumphantly into her gasping mouth as he shot up into her.
	"Okay, Rach," he said finally. "That's it for this time. But I'll be
seeing you again, Rachel baby. And next time you can beg me to ream your ass.
Okay?"	
	In a low voice, Rachel said yes. She had no choice. It was only when
Chet had left her alone that she allowed herself to cry.
					#
 	He had brought Rhonda down to the kitchen to watch, although she had no
idea what her daughter was going to do. There was one other person present--Dr.
Calley, who had been called in to treat Jenna afterward. He was seated in a
chair in the corner, his medical bag at his feet. Raymond's father placed Rhonda
on her knees to one side of the doorway. Her hair was beginning to grow back in
a rather straggly manner, and she seemed bewildered at the presence of the
doctor, and at her daughter's distraught and rather haggard appearance. Jenna
was trembling badly and biting at her lip, and she was very pale. Raymond's
father led her to the kitchen table and told her to proceed. It was only when
Jenna spread the little finger of her left hand on the chopping block and picked
up the meat cleaver in her other hand that Rhonda understood what was about to
happen. Immediately she began to scream. She tried to get to her feet, but
Raymond's father was upon her, forcing her down. She struggled furiously,
shouting and pleading, and Raymond's father was barely able to subdue her by
holding her from behind and getting a chokehold around her neck with one arm,
threatening to cut off her air. The hold also prevented her from lowering or
turning her head, forcing her to watch what her daughter was doing. Her breath
came in great tortured gasps, and her eyes were wild and frantic as she still
tried to plead with him, with her daughter, with God, with anybody to stop this
unbelievable nightmare.
	With his free hand, Raymond's father unzipped his pants, brought out his
now hard penis and guided himself to the squirming, babbling woman's anus,
forcing himself into her with one ruthless lunge, holding himself there as she
screamed and spasmed. "Proceed, Piss Girl," he said over her screams to Jenna,
who was still holding the cleaver, shaking harder than ever and emitting an
involuntary moan with every expelled breath. Her eyes, too, were wide and wild.
	"I won't say it again, slut," Raymond's father said. "Do it or get out
for good. Now!"
	Jenna gave one long, keening, animal-like cry which cut through her
mother's screams with its soul-shattering mixture of terror, horror and
surrender as she raised the cleaver high, held it there for one brief yet
interminable second, and then brought it down with all her strength onto the
block to sever her finger at the joint where it met her hand.
	Jenna fainted instantly, blood spurting from her hand as she collapsed
to the floor. The doctor moved swiftly to attend her, applying his prepared
tourniquet, stanching the blood and expertly stitching and bandaging the wound.
Rhonda's screams went on, but they were weaker now and interspersed with sobs.
Raymond's father continued to fuck her ass until he came.
	When Jenna was revived, the doctor was paid for his services by being
allowed to be the first man to possess the now nine-fingered slave, which he did
on the kitchen floor for a long time. It was not until after he had finished
that he gave her a sedative to ease her pain. Rhonda, of course, watched it all.     
	Raymond's father had Jenna's amputated finger embalmed and hung on a
slim chain, and from then on Jenna was forced to wear it around her neck like a
locket, to remind her, he said, of what she was. Sometimes, for his amusement,
he would have her put it in her mouth and suck on it. He especially enjoyed
having her do this in front of Rhonda, who never failed to excite him further
with her tears.
					#
	"Okay," Chet said. "We're doing pretty good here, Cindy. Let's see, so
far I've had you--" He reached out to tweak her nipple in appreciation--"then
cute little Sallie Jussel. Then Norma Veney, the gorgeous dyke with the big
tits. Then that cunt bitch Armina, and now even your best friend Rachel has come
around. That's not bad, Cindy, I have to admit you've done pretty well so far.
And all to keep me from turning you into a whore."
	"You've done that anyway," Cindy said flatly.
	Chet took hold of her hair and pulled on it, wrenching her head back.
Holding her that way, he said, "Are you complaining, Cindy?"
	"No," Cindy said, forcing her words out through the strain in her neck
and the pain in her scalp. "No, Chet. I'm not."
	"Good," Chet said, letting her go. "And don't exaggerate, Cindy. I know
you fucked old Russ Kerstetter, and even what's-her-name, Norma's girlfriend,
not to mention those two thugs of your father's, but that was your own choice,
Cindy. I didn't order you to do that, did I?"
	"You ordered me to get you my friends. That was the only way I could do
it. You know that."
	"How you did it is your business," Chuck said, grinning. "Anyway, that's
not as bad as what could have happened if you didn't, right? Better that than
having to fuck every guy in school, isn't it, Cindy? Not to mention anybody else
I might come up with. Isn't that right?"
	"Yes," Cindy said dully.
	"Anyway, like I was saying, we've gone through most of your hoity-toity
friends, and it looks like Melanie Bryan is the only one left in the big-wheel
category. Who are you gonna fuck to get Melanie for me, Cindy? Or you gonna call
on old Ben and Jack again?"
	"Chet," Cindy said, "Melanie is a virgin."
	"You're kidding."
	"No. She says she's saving herself for marriage. She's kind of
religious, you know? And she's never done it. Really."
	"Well, that's great!" Chet said. "I've never had a virgin. God knows you
weren't one." And he reached over to tweak her nipple again, this time hard
enough to make Cindy draw in a hissing breath. "How soon can you get her for me,
Cindy?"
	"I-I don't know, Chet. I-I'll have to..."
	Chet tightened his grip. "Don't take too long, Cindy. Make it soon.
Okay?"
	"Yes, Chet." Her voice was thin and strained.
	"Good. Now you can suck my dick."
	When she was finished, Cindy ventured a question. "Chet...after
Melanie...when you've had all my friends...will you...I mean, that will...I
mean..."
	"You mean will you have to get me any more girls? Is that what you mean,
Cindy? Well, we'll just have to see, won't we? There are a lot of good-looking
girls in school, you know, even if they're not in the fucking elite group. And
you're so good at pimping for me, Cin. We'll just have to wait and see."
					#
	Cindy knew she had made a bad mistake by letting Chet find out about Ben
and Jack. Actually, it was them she had told about him, since they had insisted
on knowing all the details of what she wanted them to do, and it had been their
idea to call him over to Armina's house that night. Now she could only pray that
Chet would say nothing about them to her father. Fortunately he and her father
hadn't been in contact lately, and she could only hope it stayed that way. Her
father would not be happy with her if he found out, to say the least. The very
thought of it made her weak.
	But she had to see them at least once more. After they had finished with
her the first time, they told her that she had just paid for their services for
one night only. Each further service would require her to come back and do them
again. There was no way she could argue with them. When Chet had called her
about Rachel, she had gone back there. That time, because she wanted them to act
immediately, they had used her twice as long as before, and twice as hard. Some
of the things they had done to her made her shiver when she thought of them. And
before she left they had made her drink their piss. She really didn't want to go
back a third time, but she had no choice. There was no other way she could
possibly get Melanie for Chet.
	So she went.
	"You again?" Jack said when he opened the door.
	"Yes," Cindy said. "I need you one more time, okay?"
	He turned his back to her, and she followed him into the apartment. "You
got any money this time?" he asked her.
	"No. You know I don't have that kind of money."
	"Yeah, well I don't know, bitch, I'm getting kind of tired of banging
that whore body of yours, if you want to know the truth."
	"I just need you for one more girl," Cindy pleaded, hoping it was true.
"I'll be good for you, you know I will." She looked around. "Is Ben here?"
	"Yeah, he's here. He's in the bathroom. But he's tired of banging you
too."
	"Please," Cindy said.
	"Tell you what," Jack said. "Why don't you go in there and wipe his ass
for him, maybe that'll make him feel charitable."
	"Look--" Cindy began.
	Jack cut her off. "I'm serious," he said. "Go in there, cunt, and tell
him you want to wipe his ass for him. Then we'll see what happens."
	"Christ," Cindy said.
	Jack just waited.
	Cindy knew where the bathroom was from her previous visits. She made her
way to it and knocked on the closed door.
	"What, for Chrissake?" came Ben's voice.
	"It's--it's Cindy," she said. "Jack said--" She swallowed. "Can I come
in?" she asked.
	"What the hell," Ben said. "Sure. Why not?"
	Cindy opened the door and went in. Ben was sitting on the toilet, his
pants and shorts around his ankles. "What do you want?" he said, grinning at
her.
	"I--Jack said I should--wipe your ass for you," Cindy said.
	"Oh yeah? Well ain't that nice. You could do that, all right. But why
don't you blow me first. I don't think I ever had a blow job while I was
shitting before. Show me what it feels like, girl."
	She had to think of Melanie, and of how, hopefully, this would be the
last time with them. She stepped forward and went to her knees in front of the
toilet bowl. Bending forward, she took his still limp cock in her hand and put
her mouth around it.
	As she teased it with her tongue, feeling it grow and harden, she heard
Jack's voice behind her. "I told this cunt we were tired of banging her. But I
guess we're gonna have to go to work again."
	"She'll earn it," Ben said. Even as he got hard in Cindy's moving mouth,
he continued to make grunting sounds as he emptied his bowels. Cindy tried to
hold her breath against the smell, but she didn't stop sucking until he pulled
her head from his cock. "Okay, girl, now you can wipe my ass," he said, and she
wasn't surprised when he told her to do it with her tongue.
					#
	Jack, of course, managed to fuck her in spite of his reservations. Both
of them did, for a long time, and when they finished she told them about
Melanie. She now regretted having told Chet that Melanie was a virgin, for now
Chet was looking forward to taking her cherry, which meant she had to persuade
Ben and Jack to keep her intact for him.
	Jack was not happy with this. "Fuck that," he snarled. "You want us to
straighten out this cunt, we do it however we want. Take it or leave it, bitch."
	But to her surprise, Ben just shrugged. "Big fucking deal," he said. "We
did that with that first bitch, didn't we? What the hell, we can just get ours
afterward."
	"Yeah, well if it was up to me we wouldn't have waited then either. I
don't like being told how to do my job. You put extra demands on us, girl, we do
the same for you, you hear me? You're not finished here yet, baby. Not by a long
shot."
	"I thought you said you were tired of fucking her," Ben said. "And that
was before you practically wore out your dick on her just now."
	"So what?" Jack said. "We're not the only dicks in the world. I think we
should let her fuck some friends of ours too. Might be something to watch, don't
you think?"
	Cindy closed her eyes.
	"Like who?" Ben said.
	"Like Warren," Jack replied. "I'm thinking about old Warren and his pal,
Fred. Wouldn't that be interesting?"
	Ben grinned. "Yeah," he said. "Yeah, that should be interesting, all
right. What do you say, girl? You ready to give it up to a couple acquaintances
of ours?"
	Cindy sighed wearily. "Do I have a choice?"
	"Sure," Jack said. "You got a choice, cunt. But you don't do what we
want, we don't do what you want. Be a shame after everything you already did
tonight. But it's up to you."
	"You bastards," Cindy said. "All right. But then that's it, right?"
	"Sure," Ben said. "Make the call, Jack."
	They let her take a shower so she would be fresh for their friends,
though they stayed with her as she did it, and they entertained themselves in
various ways with her body, most of them painful, while they waited. It was half
an hour later when the doorbell rang. "That must be Warren and Fred now," Jack
said, and he went to admit the new guests. He brought them into the living room
and introduced them.
	Cindy almost fainted.
	Warren was a tall, broad man in his forties with long blonde hair, whose
eyes glittered as he took in Cindy's naked body.
	Fred was a big black dog.
	 				#
	"I won't do it," Cindy said. "I can't."
	"Then get the fuck out of here," Jack said. "And don't bother us again."
	"Please," Cindy said. "I'll do anything else you want. Please."
	"You want us to do the girl, you fuck the dog, bitch."
	Warren stood silently, his expression unchanging. Only his eyes moved,
constantly traveling up and down her body. Fred stood on a leash, slobbering and
growling lightly.
	"Oh god, I can't!" Cindy moaned.
	"Yeah, you can," Ben said. "You just get on your hands and knees, girl,
and brace yourself, and old Fred will do the rest. Right, Warren?"
	Warren just grunted.
	With all her being, Cindy wanted to leave. She didn't care any more
about what she had already done that night; the hell with that, she just wanted
to get out of there. But there was Chet. What he would do if she didn't procure
Melanie for him. What he would make her do. What her father would...
	"Oh Christ help me," she whimpered. And she got on all fours.
	Fred's growl got louder.
	Warren bent down and released Fred's leash, patting the dog, whispering
into his ear. Fred moved toward the crouching girl, slowly, stiff-legged,
growling. His red erection was already evident. Cindy was shaking.
	She felt the dog's snout as he sniffed at her behind, and she let out a
frightened moan as he tongued her crotch. Then he was on her with one loud bark,
his sudden weight forcing her onto her elbows, his paws scratching at her back,
his hard erection stabbing at her again and again, searching for an opening.
Jack called to her to spread her knees wider, and she did, and then she screamed
as the dog found her and thrust inside her. His erection hadn't seemed so large
when she first glimpsed it, but now it felt huge, and there was a strange
thickness about it that hurt her inside like no other penis she had even known.
Fred was still growling, but also making whining sounds and slobbering on her
neck as he pounded at her rapidly. She could hear Jack laughing. She had never
felt as degraded as this, not even with her father or with Chet, but she thought
at least it would be over soon. Animals are quick, she thought, and the way he
was going at her, he couldn't last. But Fred kept going. And going. Cindy began
to sob. And then she was aware that something was in front of her face, and
raising her head she saw that it was an erect penis. Warren's. He moved forward,
rubbing it against her lips. No, Cindy thought, but she knew what she had to do.
She opened her sobbing mouth and took him in. She hardly had to do anything
more; Fred's hard, unrelenting thrusts imparted a back-and-forth movement to her
body that had her sucking Warren's dick like a fast-moving pump, and she only
had to try not to choke on it as it drove into her throat.
	Finally Fred's growls rose to a crescendo, and his thrusts came faster
still, and then he was whining sharply as he shot his canine come into Cindy's
body. Cindy was sobbing and moaning around Warren's hard flesh, but he had his
hands in her hair now, and she couldn't move away. At least the dog was
finished, she thought, waiting for him to pull out of her aching, throbbing
pussy. But he didn't. The thickness was still there, and he stayed in, his
weight resting more heavily on her now. It was as though he was stuck inside
her, and Cindy began to panic, pulling her mouth from Warren's cock in spite of
the sharp pain in her scalp.
	Jack was laughing again. "Give him a chance, pussy girl," he said
mockingly. "You got that dog so worked up, it'll take him a little time to lose
that knot. By the time he does, you'll be all ready to take him on again, won't
you, cunt?"
	Her eyes went wide and she tried to shake her head, but Warren was
pulling hard on her hair now, and she was forced to take him back in her mouth.
Without the driving force of the dog, Warren directed her movements by pulling
back and forth on her hair, fucking her face more slowly and deeply. Each time
he thrust into her throat he kept her there for a long moment as she choked and
gagged, and to avoid being strangled she concentrated on making it as good for
him as she could, using all her skills, until he spurted down her throat.
	By then Fred had finally slipped out of her. Jack and Ben had both been
aroused again by the sight of her fucking the dog. They told her to stay as she
was, and Ben took Warren's place in her mouth while Jack fucked her ass. After
that they decided that Fred probably wanted more too.
	Cindy protested and begged, but it was no use. This time they sat her in
an easy chair, slumping down so that her crotch was pushed forward, with her
feet on the front edge of the chair seat and her knees raised and spread. They
were right about Fred. He loomed over her, standing on his hind legs with his
front paws on the chair arms, barking wildly into her face and nearly scaring
her to death as his cock once again stabbed at her groin. When he didn't find
her opening immediately, Jack told her to put the dog's cock in her cunt. When
her shaking hand found his erection Fred barked even louder, but once he was
inside her he subsided into growls and whines, licking at Cindy's face with his
long slobbering tongue as he pumped away at triphammer speed. Cindy cried out
and tried to turn her face away, but she couldn't escape that wet, avid tongue
all over her face, the foul odor of the dog's breath in her nostrils. She
thought she might throw up, but she was too busy whimpering and sobbing with
pain, fright and degradation.
	Even after Fred again shot his load inside her he continued to lick her
face as his erection slowly subsided. "Oh god," Cindy sobbed. "Get him off me,
for god's sake!"
	"Hey, don't be that way, dog fucker," Jack said mockingly. "Old Fred
will think you don't like him. He's a very sensitive pooch, right, Warren?"
	Warren just grunted.
	"You think old Fred would like to fuck this cunt in the ass?" Jack
asked.
	"I think old Fred has about had it for now." Ben put in.
	"Naw," Jack said. "I want to see him ass-fuck her."
	Cindy gave a cry of pain as Fred now pulled himself out of her. He
trotted over to Warren and lay down at his feet. Cindy curled herself into a
ball in the chair, crying softly.
	"Shut up, bitch," Jack said. "You're not done yet. Old Fred just needs a
little encouragement. A little stimulation, you know? So go suck his dick for
him till he gets it up again."
	Cindy raised her head and stared at him, a look of disbelief and horror
on her face. Jack grinned at her. "Yeah, you're real good at that," he said.
"Old Fred will appreciate it. In fact, I think you should suck him off and let
him come in your mouth." Cindy gave a cry. "Yeah, and swallow it too," Jack went
on. "Do it, bitch," he said more harshly as the shaking girl didn't move. "Or
the whole deal's off. Right, Ben?"
	"Yeah," Ben said.
	It was then that Cindy did throw up. When she was finished, they made
her eat her vomit off the floor. Then she sucked off the dog.
					#
	Melanie was easy. They did it on a Saturday, when Chet's parents were
away for the weekend, so Jack and Ben simply had to pick her up and bring her
over to his house. Chet had told Cindy to be there too, so she could witness the
deflowering of the last of her friends.
	Melanie, of course, was indignant, bewildered and frightened at having
been taken off the street by two rough strangers and transported to a house she
didn't recognize. When she saw Chet and Cindy her bewilderent, at least, was
even greater. "Cindy!" she exclaimed. "What--what is this? What's going on
here?"
	Chet grinned at her. "Well, Melane, this is kind of a surprise party,
you might say. And you're the guest of honor. Isn't that nice?"
	Melanie's hair was jet-black, falling to her shoulders and curling
inward. Her eyes were dark also, but her skin was fair and creamy. Her body was
on the slender side, but well proportioned, her breasts not large, but standing
out from her chest in an attention-getting fashion. Her waist was small, and the
knee-length dress she wore showed well-curved calves below it. "A party?" she
said suspiciously. "What kind of a party?"
	"A fucking party," Chet said. "That's what kind. A fucking party. We're
gonna fuck you, Melanie. What do you think of that?"
	Melanie stared at him, struck dumb. Then panic came into her eyes and
she tried to turn and leave, but Jack and Ben were on either side of her,
holding her arms. She struggled uselessly against them and began to scream.
	Chet waited until she quieted down. "Nobody can hear you, Melanie," he
said then. "And you can't get away. Make up your mind to that. You're gonna get
fucked today, and you're gonna be a good girl and do what we tell you, or you're
gonna be sorry. Okay, Melanie?"
	She was panting as a result of her struggles, and of apprehension. Her
expression was disbelieving, but her fear-filled eyes were not.
"What--you--you're crazy!" she gasped out. "You can't--you can't just--Cindy,
for god's sake!"
	Cindy wouldn't look at her friend. She said nothing.
	"Cindy's not gonna help you," Chet said. "Nobody's gonna help you. This
is it, Melanie. You're the last of the bunch. I've fucked all the top girls in
school, starting with Cindy here. Right, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy said.
	"And then, with Cindy's help, I've fucked, let's see...tell her who all
I've fucked up to now, Cindy."
	"For god's sake, Chet," Cindy said. "Just do it and get it over with."
	Chet turned to look at her. "Are you being difficult, Cindy?"
	Cindy bit her lip. "No, Chet," she said quickly. "I'm sorry."
	"Then tell her," Chet said.
	"Sallie Jussel," Cindy began.
	"Yeah. You fucked her boyfriend so she'd do it with me, didn't you,
Cin?"
	"Yes," Cindy said.
	"And I taught her all about ass-fucking, and swallowing come. Remember?"
	"Yes, Chet," Cindy said.
	"Go on," Chet said.
	"Norma Veney," Cindy said	
	"Yeah," Chet said. "The dyke with the big tits. Did you know your friend
Norma was a dyke, Melanie? Cindy slept with Norma's girlfriend that time, right,
Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet. Only she wasn't really her girlfriend. She and Norma just
fooled around once or twice, that's all."
	"Whatever. Keep going."
	"Armina," Cindy said.
	"Ah yes," Chet said. "Armina the bitch Banks. She slapped me once, did
you know that, Melanie? Did she tell you about that? And laugh? She wasn't
laughing when I fucked the shit out of her. She wasn't doing any more slapping
either. Especially when Cindy's two friends here got through with her. Right,
guys? They can be very persuasive, as I'm sure you'll find out. Rachel found
that out too, right, Cindy?"
	"Yes, Chet. Rachel too."
	"Rachel was ready to crawl for me by the time they finished with her,"
Chet said. "And now it's your turn, Melanie. What do you think about that?"
	Melanie was pale, and shaking her head. "Let me go," she quavered, her
voice hardly audible. "Please. Oh god, please. Let me go. I--I never--"
	"Oh, I can't do that, Melanie," Chet said. "Gotta round out the group,
you know. The six big wheels. You loved being part of that group, didn't you,
Melanie? The most popular, the prettiest, the snobbiest girls in school, oh
yeah. Well, now you pay the price. Okay, guys, put her down and spread her out
for me, okay? And you can have her when I'm done. Maybe you can have her too,
Cindy, would you like that?"
	Whatever answer Cindy might have made was drowned out by Melanie's
screams and cries as Jack and Ben forced her down to the floor. She fought as
hard as she could, but she had no chance against the two men. They laid her out
on her back with her arms stretched above her head, Jack pinning her wrists down
while Ben held her ankles. Her body twisted and flailed until her strength
deserted her, and she lay panting and gasping, tears rolling down her face.
	"Christ," Chet said in a low voice, looking down at the helpless girl.
"I really love this, you know? My dick is hard as hell, just looking at her that
way. Just knowing I'm gonna be able to take her whether she wants it or not,
that she's helpless and hurting and she's gonna get fucking raped. It just turns
me on like crazy. I didn't use to be this way before I met you, Cindy. You know?
You made me this way. You brought it out in me. I mean, I was just a normal
frustrated kid. Sure, I was sex-crazy, but I just wanted to fuck, that's all.
But when you...when your father and.."
	"Chet," Cindy said fearfully.
	Chet laughed. "Okay," he said. "It's just that I don't know whether I
should thank you or curse you, Cindy. I guess I'll have to figure that out.
Meanwhile, why don't you make yourself useful and take Melanie's clothes off for
me. I'd like to see that."
	"No!..." Melanie cried, her body again straining weakly against the
hands that held her down. Cindy looked at Chet in surprise; then, seeing that he
was serious, she took a deep breath and crouched down over the supine form of
her friend. Her hands reached for the buttons on Melanie's blouse.
	"Cindy, no!" Melanie pleaded, gasping and twisting. Cindy, her lips
tight, began to open the buttons. "Cindy, for god's sake!" the dark-haired girl
cried. "Stop! Please! Why are you doing this?"
	"I have to do it, Mel," Cindy said in a low voice. "I have to do what he
says, okay? Just let him do what he wants, and it'll all be over."
	"No! Oh god, you bitch!" Melanie sobbed. "You're supposed to be my
friend! I hate you!"
	"I know," Cindy said. She had tears in her eyes. She had opened all the
buttons now, and she spread the blouse open to reveal Melanie's small, firm
breasts covered by a pale pink brassiere. It hooked in the back, and Cindy had
to reach her arms around her friend and slide her hands underneat the squirming
body in order to open it. This brought her head close to Melanie's, and she
cried out when the dark-haired girl spit in her face. But she managed to open
the hooks, after which she straightened up and pushed the bra up over Melanie's
breasts.
	"Nice," Chet said, and he began to undress himself. Seeing this, Melanie
moaned again and renewed her weakening struggles. "Keep going, Cindy," Chet
said.
	Cindy located the button on the side of Melanie's skirt and opened it.
It was a simple wraparound skirt, and she was able to pull it from the girl's
body with no trouble. Now only her panties remained.
	Chet was nearly naked now. His cock was standing straight up. "Finish
it," he instructed Cindy, who grasped Melanie's pink panties at the waistband
with both hands and began to tug them down, despite the other girl's frantic
effort to stop her by pressing her backside as hard as she could into the
carpet. Melanie's dark patch of pubic hair came into view as Cindy pulled the
flimsy garment over her thighs and down past her knees to her ankles.
	"Okay," Chet said, above the sobs and cries of the still struggling
girl. "Now Cindy, you take one of her feet and you and Ben can hold her legs
apart for me, okay? But hold on tight, 'cause she's a fighter, aren't you,
Melanie?" He divested himself of the last of his clothing as Ben released his
grip on Melanie's ankles long enough to whisk the panties over her feet, then
quickly seized the left one again while Cindy caught the other. Together they
pulled the girl's legs open, though she resisted with all her diminishing
strength.
	"That's lovely," Chet said, and now he lowered himself to the floor
between Melanie's widespread thighs. Her body strained desperately against the
hands that held her, arching and writhing. Her head whipped from side to side.
"NO! NO!" she screamed. "NO! OH GOD NO!"
	"Yes," Chet said. He bent his head to her breasts, sucking on them,
nibbling at her nipples, as with one hand he adjusted his cock until it found
the lips of her vagina and nestled between them. He raised his head then and
clutched his other hand in Melanie's hair to keep her head still, looking down
into her wild, fear-crazed eyes. "You're about to get raped, Melanie," he said
hoarsely. "Deal with it, baby."
	"NO! PLEASE!" the girl shrieked. "CHET, NO! YOU CAN'T! OH GOD, PLEASE,
CHET, PLEASE...I...I'M A VIRGIN!"
	"Not any more," Chet said, and rammed himself savagely up inside her.
	Melanie's scream as her maidenhood was ripped away was a sound of pain,
horror and despair such as even the men who spent their lives listening to women
screaming had seldom heard. It was as if her very soul was being torn asunder
and shrieking its agony to the whole world. It was a long, shrill, ear-piercing
howl, and it died away into harsh, racking sobs that seemed never to end. Chet
didn't pause. Having thrust himself to the hilt inside her previously unexplored
tunnel, he proceeded to fuck it with strong, steady strokes, one hand still
clutched in her hair so he could look down into her tear-filled, unseeing eyes.
	"Oh god, she's tight," he panted. "Oh yeah, she was a virgin all right.
Oh, that's good, baby. You like it, Melanie? You like being fucked? Hmmm?" He
moved harder as Melanie continued to sob. "Damn, sweet little virgin cunt. I
could fuck you forever, Mel. But I'm gonna come, baby. I'm gonna be the first
guy to shoot his come in your tight little pussy. Here it comes, baby. Take it
now. Yeah. Now. Take it. NOWWWWWW..."
	He let himself collapse on top of her as he spurted inside her, feeling
her breasts crushed beneath him, bringing his face down to hers and kissing her
sobbing mouth. When he was finished he pushed himself up onto his knees, slowly
pulling his limp cock out of her. Looking down at it, he saw the reddish residue
of her virginity among the glistening fluid coating his dick.
	"Look at this, Melanie," Chet said to the still sobbing, moaning girl.
"It's blood, baby. Virgin blood." He moved up on his knees, straddling her body,
until he was crouching over her face, and he lowered his now limp penis to her
crying mouth. "Lick it off, Melanie," he said. "Lick your virgin blood off my
cock."
	The girl instinctively turned her face away, and once again he put a
hand in her hair and pulled it back, rubbing the cock against her lips. She
cried out in revulsion and tried to struggle, but Jack, Ben and Cindy still kept
their holds on her, and Chet's hand in her hair twisted harder, until she
squalled with pain. He could have jammed his cock into her open mouth then, but
that wasn't what he wanted. "Lick it, Mel," he said again. "Come on. I want to
see you do it. Stick out your tongue."
	"Want me to break a finger?" Jack said. "I bet that'll do it."
	"Hear that, Melanie?" Chet said. "Is that what you want, baby? I don't
think he'll stop with one, you know. So be a good girl and lick my dick."
	It was only when Jack took one of her fingers in his hand and started to
bend it back that she could bring herself to do it. At that point she gave a
little cry of terror and stuck out her tongue. She was still crying as she slid
it over his dick, licking at her own blood. Soon he started to get hard again,
and after a minute he pushed his cock into her mouth, still clutching her hair
so she couldn't move away. Her sobbing, though stifled now, got louder as he
slowly pumped himself in and out between her lips. He came down her throat and
then pulled away from her as she choked on his semen.
	"Okay, guys," he said to the two men. "She's all yours."
					#
	Chet and Cindy watched for the next hour or so as Ben and Jack had their
way with the now half-crazed girl. At one point Cindy said she couldn't watch
any more. Chet made her. Cindy was crying by the time it was over. Chet was
hard. So hard that he took Melanie once more before they let her go. In the ass.
	"What now, Chet?" Cindy said. She had to know what was going to happen
to her now that Chet had gone through all the girls in her clique. Would he be
satisfied? Would he let her off the hook? She didn't think so. She had a
terrible feeling that things were only going to get worse for her. But she had
to know.
	"I'll think about it," Chet said.
					#
	"Hey, man," Raymond's friend Bill Talbot said. "When are we gonna get
another bathroom session with that Jenna chick? I'm really looking forward to
doing that again."
	Raymond was not in a good mood. He was angry and frustrated at no longer
being allowed access, even occasionally, to any of the women in his father's
house, and he didn't see anything he could do to change his father's mind.
	"You're not," he said shortly. "Forget it."
	"How come? Man, that was really--"
	"Hey, can't you hear?" Raymond burst out. "I said forget it, for
Chrissake! That's it, over and out, okay?"
	Bill stared at him. "Jeez, what got into you?"  	
	"Nothing. I got a class." And he turned to walk away.
	Bill gazed after him, shaking his head. "Christ," he muttered. "I guess
weirdness runs in the family or something."
	Raymond heard him. He stopped walking and turned back sharply. "What the
hell is that supposed to mean?"
	Bill shrugged, unfazed by the other's belligerent glare. "It means your
sister's not the only one who's got some kind of bug up her ass, or whatever."
	Raymond frowned. "My sister? What the fuck are you talking about?"
	"Hey, come on, man, I'm just saying, you know. Everybody in school knows
something's going on with her. Her and her friends, the big wheels. Only they
don't seem to be such good friends any more."
	"What do you mean?"
	"Christ, where you been? Like, they always ate together in the
cafeteria, right? Only now they don't. Your sister sits off by herself
someplace, and the others are like they don't want to know her, you know? Only
they don't seem to get along so good themselves either. It's all weird, and
Cindy was like the leader, right? So it's gotta be something she did. Or
whatever. I'm just saying."
	"Bullshit," Raymond said, for no good reason, and walked away.
					#
	But Bill was right. Raymond started observing Cindy around the school,
and noted that instead of being constantly surrounded by her friends, as in the
past, she now kept pretty much to herself. The table in the cafeteria which had
once been the domain of the elite group of girls, the object of attention and
envy, was now sparsely populated at lunchtime by maybe two or three of them,
without the sprightly chatter and laughter that habitually emanated from that
location. None of them seemed very happy. Something was indeed up, and he would
bet it had something to do with that asshole Chet Browder. His first thought was
of how he could turn this circumstance to his advantage.
	Raymond, being a year behind his sister in school, and never one of the
most popular boys, was not friendly with Cindy's group, but he had met most of
them at one time or other. Rachel Harris was perhaps the one he knew best, and
he decided to approach her.
	He found her at her locker between classes. "Hi, Rachel," he said,
coming up behind her.
	She whirled on him, a sudden fear on her face, her body strangely tense.
When she saw who it was, she relaxed a bit, but she was obviously still
agitated. The fright in her eyes diminished somewhat, but was quickly replaced
by wariness and suspicion.
	"Oh, Christ!" she said. "Are you in on it too?"
	Raymond frowned. "In on what? What the hell's going on, Rachel?"
	"Nothing," the girl said quickly, turning back to her locker.
	"Well, something is," Raymond said. "What's happening with you guys and
my sister?"
	Rachel shot him a look of hatred. "Your sister is a filthy rotten
bitch!" she spat out. "And if you--" She stopped herself, closed her locker and
began to walk away.
	"Hey, hold on," Raymond said, following her. "Does this have something
to do with that Chet Browder guy?"
	Rachel stopped walking and turned on him again. "Just leave me alone!"
she said in a quivering voice. "All of you! You and fucking Chet Browder and
your fucking sister and her two thugs and everybody else, just fucking leave me
alone!" She seemed to be verging on hysteria. Luckily the corridor was by now
almost deserted. "You hear me?" she said, almost shouting now. "Leave me alone!"
	Raymond was frowning again. "Hold on," he said. "Two thugs? What two
thugs?"
	But Rachel suddenly shut down. "Forget it," she muttered, and walked
away again.
	"Wait, wait." Raymond caught up with her and stopped her. "What about
these two thugs?" he demanded. "What are you talking about?"
	The fear was back in the girl's eyes. "I can't tell you," she muttered.
"I can't--I didn't mean anything. I gotta go."
	"Rachel," Raymond said. "Listen. I can help you, okay? If this is--If
you're in trouble, like with Browder and my sister, I can do something about
that, okay? Just tell me what's going on. Tell me about these two thugs."
	Rachel was almost crying. "Christ, I can't!" she said. "They said they'd
kill me. They have tapes of me--oh Christ--"
	"Who are they? The two thugs?" Raymond insisted. "Just tell me that,
okay?"
	"I don't know! Just two guys--big guys--they just--they--"
	"Just tell me one thing," Raymond said. "Was it a black guy and a white
guy?"
	Rachel swallowed and nodded.
	"Shit," Raymond said, half to himself. "Jack and Ben. It's gotta be.
That sneaky little bitch."
	Rachel caught her breath. "Yes. I heard one of them call the other Ben.
But for god's sake--"
	"I knew it!" Raymond breathed.
	"For god's sake don't tell anybody I told you, Raymond, please! Please!
They'll--"
	"Listen, don't worry about it. I'm gonna take care of it, okay?" A
sudden thought came to him. He tried to fight it off, to resist it, but it was
too strong. He looked at her in a different way now. "And hey, Rach? If I help
you out here--just how grateful will you be to me? Hmmm?"
	Rachel began to cry. Her tears affected him in a way he wasn't used to,
and a part of him felt sorry for what he had said. But it was only a part. For a
minute he considered telling her to forget about it. But he didn't.
	 				#
	Cindy came home from school several days later to find her father and
Raymond waiting for her in the living room. The expression on her father's face
made her turn pale and begin to tremble before a word was spoken.
	"Good afternoon, Cindy," her father said.
 	"What-what's wrong, Daddy?" she asked, trying to keep her voice steady.
	"You've been a very busy girl, Cindy," her father said.
	"Well, I--what do you mean, Daddy?"
	"What are you, Cindy?" her father said. "Tell us what you are."
	Cindy swallowed. I'm--I'm a bitch and a slut," she whispered.
	"Say it louder."
	"I'm a bitch and a slut," Cindy said again.
	"You've told me that many times, Cindy," her father said. "And we both
know it's true. But even sluts have limits. Evidently you have not. Even bitches
can be taught obedience. I have tried to train you to be obedient, have I not,
Cindy? I have put a great deal of effort over the years into instilling that
into you, have I not? You have suffered much pain, much torment, much
degradation at my hands in that attempt. Evidently it has not been enough."
	Cindy could barely speak. "Daddy, I--I don't know--I mean, I don't
understand--what--what did--"
	"Sit down, Cindy," her father said. "There is something I want you to
see."	
	Cindy sat numbly down into a chair as her father picked up the remote
control for the TV in the corner of the room. He clicked it on, along with the
VCR that sat on top of it, and a tape began to play. When she saw what it was, a
sharp, involuntarily scream came from her throat, and she immediately clapped
her hands over her mouth to stifle it.
	It was, she realized with horror, a tape of her first visit to Jack's
house, when she had approached him with her offer. She recalled all too clearly
the security camera he had pointed out to her. The tape was in black and white,
and not particularly sharp, but there was no mistaking the fact that it was her,
and the sound was clear enough so that she could make out every word.
	For a moment everything was a blur, her panicked mind unable to focus,
to even acknowledge the situation. But then some words came through to her. She
heard herself on the tape saying, "If you tell my father about this--if he finds
out--he'll kill me."
	"I especially like that part," Cindy's father said. He pressed the
rewind button on the remote and reversed the tape for a few seconds, then let it
play again. Again she heard herself saying those words.
	"So it wasn't as if you didn't know exactly what you were doing, was it,
Cindy?" her father said.
	"Daddy...I...Daddy..."
	"Be quiet, Cindy. And watch." her father said.
	Cindy watched. She was trembling quite visibly now. She watched and
listened to herself as she made her offer of herself to Jack, as she pressed him
when he turned her down, as she tempted and tried to persuade him. And as he
finally demanded that she strip for him. And as she did so.
	"Oh god, turn it off, Daddy!" she cried finally. "Please!"
	"Oh no, Cindy. We're just getting to the interesting part," her father
said. Raymond was grinning. Cindy closed her eyes.
	"No," her father said sharply. "Keep your eyes open, Cindy. I want you
to watch every minute."
	She watched herself strip naked, and a small whimper came from her
throat as she saw herself going down on her knees before Jack and taking him in
her mouth.
	"Oh, you do that so well, Cindy," her father said as the onscreen blow
job went on. "My training has really been effective, I must say. In some ways,
that is."
	"Daddy--"
	"Be quiet, Cindy."
	The three of them continued to watch the scene in silence until Cindy,
on the screen, swallowed Jack's sperm and cleaned him off with her tongue. Still
her father kept the tape running, until she left the room at Jack's orders to go
and pleasure his partner. Then he turned it off.
	"That's just one of several tapes I have seen, Cindy," her father said.
"There are others, of subsequent visits. The scene with the dog, I think, is
particularly compelling. Shall I play it for you, Cindy?"
	Cindy could only shake her head. She was filled with dread, horror and
an all-consuming fear. She tried to speak, but her throat was too tight. Her
father watched her coldly, her brother grinningly.
	"Daddy--" she croaked out finally. "Daddy, I--I was--I had to--how--how
did you--"
	"How did I find out?" her father said. "Did you really think you could
hide this from me, Cindy? I would certainly have known sooner or later, but
actually it was your brother who found it out first. However he discovered it,
he was wise enough to tell me about it immediately. When he did, some other men
and I paid your two friends a visit, and found this interesting evidence, among
other things. I'm afraid Jack and Ben will no longer be available for your use,
Cindy, or for that of anyone else. They, as well as you, knew that what they did
would displease me. Their punishment was swift and final. Yours will not be."
	A brief but terrible moan came from Cindy's throat. "Daddy--please...it
was...I..."
	"Your brother has redeemed himself with me by bringing this to my
attention," her father went on. "I had forbidden him any future use of any of
the females in this house, but as a reward for his diligence I have rescinded
that ban. Particularly as it applies to you, Cindy. From now on, Raymond will
have unlimited access to you, at any time he wants and for whatever purpose. Is
that understood, Cindy?"
	Cindy glanced at her brother's grinning, lust-filled face. "Oh my god!"
she whispered. "He--Daddy, he'll kill me!"
	"No, he won't," her father said. "He is expressly forbidden to do that.
But anything short of that is quite permissible. However, that's only the
beginning, Cindy."
	Cindy strove hard to bring herself under control. She was still shaking
badly, and her voice was not steady, but she forced herself to speak.
"Daddy--Daddy, listen," she pleaded desperately. "I had to do it. It was the
only way, Daddy, because Chet was--You told me to keep Chet happy, Daddy, you
told me I had to, and that's what I was doing, because--because Chet wanted me
to get him my friends, my girlfriends, and if I didn't he--he was going to make
me--to give me to other guys, to pass me around, and--I had to get them, Daddy,
and I couldn't, it was the only way, I had to keep him happy, Daddy, and you
too, because you said I should, and he was going to make me a whore, Daddy, the
school whore, and I--Oh god, please, Daddy, I had to do it, please..."
	"So you made yourself a whore to keep from becoming a whore, is that it,
Cindy?"
	"But it would have been worse, Daddy. Chet would have made me do it with
everybody, all the guys, and the whole school would--"
	"Yes," Cindy's father said. "I understand that's what you were trying to
avoid, Cindy. And so that's just what is going to happen."
	Cindy's mouth opened, but nothing came out. Reflexively, she shook her
head. Sudden tears sprang to her eyes and rolled down her cheeks.
	Her father's voice was very hard and flat now. "You will drop out of
school immediately," he said. "And for the entire remainder of the term you will
spend each school day, all day, in the boys' room. The same one used by Piss
Girl before she was discovered. But in this case there should be no such
trouble, should there, Raymond?"
	"Nah," Raymond said. "With that tape we have of old Trask with Cindy,
he's not gonna make any trouble at all any more. Not for us."
	"Good. Cindy will be at the disposal of any and all boys who wish to use
her. In any way at all. You will charge nothing. No, wait. In that case she
would be only a slut, not a whore. You will charge one dollar. Is that clear,
Raymond? One dollar."
	"Sure," Raymond said. "Can they piss on her too? Like Jen--like Piss
Girl?"
	"Any way at all, I said, Raymond. There are to be no limits."
	"Daddy--" Cindy choked out. "Daddy, for god's sake..."
	"I want every boy in the school to use her, Raymond. I am sure the word
will spread rapidly, but you will do your best to let everyone know that she is
available. If there are any boys who don't want to make use of her, you will do
your best to persuade them. Take pictures and show them around. I want everyone
to have her. Do you understand?"
	"Sure," Raymond said again. "'Course there are some guys that are gay,
you know? Not much you can do about them."
	"Try," his father said. "And by the same token there are undoubtedly
some female homosexuals who will be interested. Don't neglect them."
	"How about the teachers?" Raymond asked. "I know some of them would want
to get in on it. Just like old Trask."
	"Of course. Any of them who will not make trouble. And Mr. Trask
himself, by the way, if he wishes to participate. Why not?"
	Cindy was sobbing. "Daddy, please..." she choked out. "Please no.
Please. I'll do anything..."
	"Shut up, whore," her father said.
	"One other thing," Raymond said. "What about this Chet Browder asshole?
He started this whole thing. You want me to kick his ass for him?"
	"No," his father replied. "I have nothing against the Browder boy. I
gave him more or less of a free hand with Cindy, and he merely took advantage of
it in a fairly imaginative way, to get what he wanted. I rather admire him for
that. In fact, I rather think he and Cindy might have something of a future
together--if he is still interested in her after the end of the term."
	Raymond and Cindy both stared at him. Cindy was making little whimpering
sounds in her throat, the tears coursing down her face. After a moment she slid
from her chair onto her hands and knees and began to crawl across the floor to
her father.
	"Daddy, please..." she gasped out, placing her cheek against his leg.
"I'm begging you, Daddy, don't...I'm sorry...I'm sorry...I'll do anything to
make it up to you...Daddy...don't do this to me..."
	"Raymond," Cindy's father said. "Take this whore up to her room and hang
her up off the floor. You may whip her until I come up, at which point I will
take over. After that you may do as you like with her until dinner time."
	"Yes, sir," Raymond said.
					#
	"I have good news and bad news," Raymond said to Rachel Harris.
	She looked at him apprehensively. "What do you mean?"
	"Well, the good news is that those two thugs you told me about are not
around any more. They can't do anything to you now. You can forget them. And
that means Chet Browder doesn't have a hold on you any more, right?"
	Rachel slumped with relief. "Oh god," she breathed. "That's great!" Then
she stiffened again. "What's the bad news?"
	"Well, you know that tape they made of you? The one that shows you doing
all those things and saying how much you love it and all?"
	"They made me, for god's sake! What about it?"
	"I have it now," Raymond said.
	"Oh Christ Jesus," Rachel said.
	"Yeah."
	"Raymond--"
	"I have tapes like that of Armina Banks and Melanie Bryan too," Raymond
said.
	"Yeah, well, I don't think they'll do you much good," Rachel said.
"Armina's moved away, and Melanie's in some goddam mental institution. That's
what your fucking sister did."
	Raymond shrugged. "That still leaves you," he said.
	"You slimy son of a bitch," Rachel said. "What do you want?"
	"You know what I want, Rach."
	"You want to fuck me. Just like Chet."
	Raymond grinned at her. "Just like Chet," he said. "Any time I want, any
place I want, any way I want."
	Rachel looked like she was going to cry again. But she didn't. She bowed
her head and hugged herself for a long minute, and then she looked up at him
again.
	"No," she said.
	"What?"
	"No," Rachel repeated. "I won't do it. I've had it with you guys. If you
want to show that tape around, go ahead. You want to send it to my parents? Show
it to the whole school in the fucking auditorium? Do it. Fuck you. I'll take
that rather than have to screw you whenever you want, you filthy piece of shit!
What else are you gonna do? Get some more goons to beat me up and rape me? You
better have them kill me, 'cause I'll put your ass in jail so fast you won't
know what hit you! And if you come near me again I'll do it anyway. You got
that?" She was panting hard and almost sobbing, but her eyes blazed and her face
was full of fury.
	"Well, shit," Raymond said. "Calm down, for Christ sake. Jesus. What
about one time then?"
	"What?" Rachel said.
	"A compromise," Raymond said. "You fuck me just one time, real good, and
I'll forget about it. I'll give you the damn tape, okay? That's fair, right?"
	Rachel stared at him. She almost felt like laughing.
	"Okay," she said finally. "One time."
	"Terrific," Raymond said.
					#
	Cindy in the boys' room was even more popular than Jenna had been. Jenna
was just another girl, albeit an attractive and sexy one, but Cindy was, or had
been, the queen of the school. There were a lot of boys like Chet who resented
and disliked her because of the disdain with which she had treated them
personally, and there were many more who begrudged her just because of her high
position and her generally snobbish attitude. Even those who did not feel that
way had long felt that they would love to bring Cindy Arnett down a notch, and
had dreamed of doing it by venting their sexual desires on her fine young body.
And now they had their chance. All of them. As often as they wanted. And for
only a dollar a time.
	Day after day, from the beginning of the school day to the end, Cindy
lay or crouched or knelt on the hard tiles of the bathroom floor, beset by a
never-ending line of boys, and a few men, who fucked her in her vagina or in her
mouth or even in her ass. Sometimes they jerked off on her, and often they
pissed on her, and a few boys actually got off by defecating into her mouth or
on her face, but mostly they fucked her. Many times their fucking was
accompanied by taunts and jeers. "Not so goddam stuck-up now, are you, Cindy?"
"You called me a jerk, Cindy, now this jerk is fucking your ass, you like that?"
"Oh yeah, Miss High and Mighty, I'm gonna piss in your face, you bitch!" Cindy
cried a lot, particularly the first few days, but after a while she seemed to
run out of tears. But her moans and cries and sometimes her screams were in
perpetual supply.
	Raymond was with her much of the time, monitoring her performance, as
was Chet, who had been apprised of the situation by Raymond, at his father's
orders. Every hour or so one of them took her into the shower to clean her up.
Even when neither of them was there, Cindy did not dare to try to leave, or to
object to anything that anyone wanted to do to her.
	Mr. Trask was a frequent visitor. He liked to get to her first thing in
the morning, when she was still fresh, and to use her body to take out his anger
at her for having secretly taped him. Several of the other male teachers came
around, most of them more than once. As Cindy's father had predicted, a few
female students showed up too, but most of them only once; the wildly lustful
masculinity in that bathroom was too intimidating. Among them was Norma Veney,
who came mainly to gloat. 
	Cindy was the school whore, and everyone knew it.
	As the days lengthened into weeks the crowds thinned out a little, but
never enough to give her much rest. And each afternoon, when she returned home,
bruised, exhausted and aching in every part of her body, her father had her
kneel in front of him and bring him off with her mouth while Raymond described
the day's action to him. After which she sucked off Raymond as well.
	By the time the end of term approached she had become haggard, pale and
almost gaunt, a broken shadow of her former self, although her figure was still
good enough to keep the boys coming, and her father insisted that she keep up
her appearance as best she could, bathing, caring for her hair, making herself
up each morning as if for a regular school day. Cindy went through the motions
mechanically. Every day she begged her father to bring her ordeal to an end, but
with less and less hope as time went on.		 
	At the end of the final day of the term she found Chet waiting at her
house along with Raymond and her father. Jenna, as usual at that time of day,
was in the kitchen preparing dinner, while Rhonda was upstairs doing the
cleaning. As always, Cindy was required to suck her father off, and then her
brother. She finished by doing it for Chet also.
	"Now, Cindy," her father said when she had finished, "I have invited
Chet here in order to make some decisions about your future. Now that you have
dropped out of school, you are fit for nothing but to be a slave and a whore for
the rest of your life. But you cannot continue to be a drain on me, particularly
once you have reached your majority. Therefore I have decided at that time to
pass you on to Chet here, who appears to be excellent slave-owning material. And
of course I know how fond you are of him," he added dryly.
	Cindy, still on her knees, closed her eyes. Tears came from beneath her
lids. She wanted to beg, but she knew it was useless.
	"The question, however, is whether young Chet is still interested in
you, especially after what he has witnessed during the past few weeks. What do
you say, Chet? Would you like to own this sorry little whore for the rest of
your life?"
	Chet didn't hesitate. "I would," he said. "Hell, yes, I most certainly
would."
	"Good. Mind you, I would expect you to bring her around for family
visits on a regular basis, so that her brother and I can still make use of her
when the desire arises."
	"Of course," Chet said. "That way I'll be able to use that hoist in her
bedroom. Until I can set up one of my own."
	Cindy let out a pitiful whimper and bent over until her head nearly
touched the floor, hugging herself in terror and despair.
	Her father smiled.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  pamela


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





