BDSM Library - House Invader




House Invader
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Alone in her house, a young mother-to-be gets an unplanned visitor.
House Invader

     Of the night in which the moon is new I waited for the right time.  As I
crotched in the full grown cornfield among the biting mosquito's and the
chirping crickets, the home that housed my target sat inviting -- unaware of the
danger that lurks in the outside darkness.   Hours earlier I parked my car next
to a river about a mile away and walked through cornfields using a global
positioning unit to guide me. The lights still shown brightly at the evening
hour of ten giving the sole pregnant female of seven months false security with
her mate out doing his chosen profession.  Fortunately, for me, they had no pet
dogs to interfere with my chosen profession of rape.

     As I waited for the passing time, I recalled the months of planning that
led me to this time and place.  When I first saw her back in February, where she
worked as a bank teller, I had no ideal that this night would come.  She's in
her low twenties.  A shoulder length brown haired and eye beauty and her round
face with heavy dark brown eyebrows.   Her conservative clothing could not hide
her firm and large breasts.  It was there that I overheard the fact that she was
a few months pregnant.  I decided to stalk her to see what she does and where
she lived.  After a few weeks of stalking her life told me where she lived and
the hours her husband worked, and I even found out that they were members of the
Jehovah Witnesses -- a group whose victims of rape dare not say that they were
assaulted!  Using a Global Positioning Unit her house's position was marked and
saved, after I stopped near it during a late night drive.  Unfortunately for her
it was in an isolated area.  Also, during that morning, I located a not so well
hidden house key and made a duplicate of it. So, here at this night, she will
experience a nightmare she has never dreamed of.

     Finally around 11:30 the lights begin to go out in the house with the last
bedroom light going out at 12:15 A.M.  I waited for another forty-five minutes
before I moved toward the house to cut the telephone wire -- just in case she
heard me.  Using my key to the house, the front door became unlatched and I
stepped into the darkened house.  I was blessed with good night vision to see
around without stumbling on anything.  My hunting knife was safely secured on my
left side.  Quietly and slowly I approached the bedroom where my intended target
was sleeping.  A single sheet covered her in the air-conditioned room as she
lied on her right side facing away from me.  Her soon to be rapist slid into bed
with her without her even suspecting, and his left hand touched her thin night
gown that was over her breasts.

     "Bill...what are you doing home so early.", she said as she turned around
and threw her arm on me.  Then she realized that it wasn't Bill and that when
she tried to scream.  My hand went over her mouth and clasped it shut and we
both struggled on the bed as my free hand ripped her sleepwear off of her right
shoulder to grasp one of those breasts of hers.  Soon we rolled off the bed and
onto the floor where she was pinned down after she rolled over to try to protect
herself.  I took a breath with one hand still holding her jaw closed and the
other grasping the milk-swollen boob. "OK, you know you are in trouble...No one
is going to come to your rescue, and you got an unborn child to worry about." 
She still tried to break free for my grips, "Listen bitch!  I have no problem
killing you if you force me to!  I'm here to fuck you, and you are going to give
me what I want -- one way or another.  Now, you are going to be a good mommy
when I take my hand off of your mouth soon.  Because you will not ever think
about screaming.  If you do, then your belly is going to take more punishment
than your pussy!"  (I hoped that I wouldn't have to do any over physical harm. 
But I was prepared to do anything to get into her pussy.)

     Slowly, I removed my hand off of her jaw.  She was bawling from fear.  In
her broken words she asked me to get off of her, because I was hurting her and
she didn't want her child hurt.  This was perfect!  She'll do anything to
protect the unborn child.  I gave her the mercy she asked for, and had her crawl
back onto the bed on her hands and knee's.  After reminding her of the
consequences of screaming I got behind her and pulled her panties down and
brought my face onto her smelly and hairy pussy to suck and lick it.  My hands
rubbed her swollen hanging belly as I pulled her body closer to me.  "Stop
that...please!  I don't like what you are doing!  Jesus, I'm
pregnant...stop...please!" The young mother cried and begged as I enjoyed the
savory tissues.  Soon my erect dick was rubbing the outer edges, and she begged
with more passion.  "NO...PLEASE DON'T RAPE ME!"  My back bent down so that my
hand could grasp her tiny throat.  With a sinister tone I replied "tough shit!",
and shoved the thick unwanted muscle into her soon to be birth channel.  She
cried emotionally as I fucked her body and held her breasts tightly.  I held
back my orgasm, as I wanted to rape her again later.  As I slowed my unwanted
propelling, a pillowcase was removed from one of the pillows and placed over her
head.  Getting out of her, she was ordered to stand up and come with me where I
guided her to the light switch so that I can see your hormone/pregnancy enhanced
beauty.  I also got a better look of the room and instantly seen an item that
would put some more enjoyment with her torment.

     After my hand moved her partially torn sleepwear, she instantly tries to
put it back over her shoulder with a sympathetic plea for me to stop.  "You got
what you wanted...so you can leave now.  Please?"  She was pushed to the full
size bed in the room where I sat down with her pushing the torn gown back down
below her right breast.  The milk-swollen breast is the best one I seen yet with
a large dark brown nipple and a HUGE lighter brown areola.  "Leave?  Now?  I
just got here!  You're not a very good hostess to ask me to leave -- especially
how you are dressed now!  Were you planning something special for your hubby
when he gets home later this morning? Like perhaps your pussy and tits for him
to play with? Well, your guest wants to see more of those."

     Immediately the rest of her silky gown was torn off of her as she continued
to sob and shake her head crying a shaky no.  "Just sit still and you or your
child will not be hurt."  She was assured.   Getting up I finally got to see her
nude body in it's full glory.  The pregnant belly looked like it could've
exploded!  The naval was sticking out, plus a dark band is prominently displayed
out along the peak above and under the upright naval.  Her pussy had a thick
coat of shiny dark brown soft hair.  A plastic jar of baby skin lotion was
picked up by me and I again sat down next to her while continue to explain why I
couldn't leave yet, "Plus, I may have stuck my dick inside of your pussy but I
have not made a deposit of semen within your body yet.  That is still coming." 
The lotion was cold to the touch, but it felt so good to me putting it on her
right shoulder.

     "Feels good doesn't it?  What's you name?"  She replied Tanya, and then I
asked her what position her husband fucks her.  At first, as my lotion soaked
palm slid over her sensitive tit, she did not answered.  However as I continued
to tease both of her now lotion drenched breasts she managed to say that he
enters her from behind as they lay on the bed.  I told her that I knew a more
sensual position for her, of course she told me that she wasn't interested in
knowing from me.  She will be taught one way or another.

     Her change of the moderation of her breathing showed that my breast
stimulation was causing unwanted pleasure.  "You like that, huh?  Move my hands
down to your belly for I want to feel your baby move before I fuck you one last
time."  I also had her put the lotion on her belly, and after stroking the firm
enclosure I felt the movement of the living child within her.  Soon I pulled her
reluctant legs apart and invaded her forest of brown hair.  She was reluctantly
led to my now thickening sausage to tease with her lotion-marinated hands. 
"Tell me Tanya; tell me to fuck you again!" There was a hint of resistance in
her voice; "You're not my mate.  You don't make love -- it's called rape!"  She
screamed as I dug into her pussy, "AAAAAH, PLEASE STOP!"  My voice showed anger
-- "Tell me Tanya, BEG me to rape you AGAIN!  Or, should I go in deeper and
attempt to damage your uterus?"  By now she was sobbing uncontrollably, 
"PLEASE, PLEASE...RAPE ME AGAIN...I BEG OF YOU!  JUST STOP...PLEASE!"

     Getting behind her I pulled her back towards me and placed her on my lap
telling her to guide my manhood into her.  We sat in front of a mirror, and I
watched her boobs bounce like jell-o as the rape continued.  Like so many other
enjoyable events the rape ended quickly as my cannon exploded inside her.

EPILOGUE

     I made it back to my car around 3:20 A.M., and with me was her personal
notebook computer and a six-pack of Coke I found in the refrigerator.  Tanya was
left bound and gagged to the toilet in the main bathroom with the door locked
and the light turned off.  Her husband should be home in four hours or so and
when he unlocks the door to his crying wife he'll be greeted by a very naked
wife.  Who knows?  If she has a daughter, I just may pay another visit in 16 or
17 years.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Mark


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





