BDSM Library - How I Became a Scat Slut




How I Became a Scat Slut
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: (And How I Break Other Sluts to Scat) Not a fantasy per se. More aptly an article about me - a scat slut's passions and her methods.
How I Became a Scat Slut
(And How I Break Other Sluts to Scat)

by Brenda

Let me see. First of all, this is not one of my many masturbation fantasies. Yet
I am naked in front of my PC as I write this. I took a very sexy shit just
before making myself comfy here - and I did not wipe my ass afterwards. Why
didn't I wipe my ass, someone asks? MMMMMMM... I touch my dirty anus from time
to time... as I write... as I tease my wet pussy... and I smell my browned
finger... taste it... I AM a scat slut, after all... *giggles*

I tried to get Jinn to change my authors profile. Perhaps I did it the wrong
way, but I tried. Not to worry. I will be 37 on 28 November, 2002. I have been
in a 'lifestyle' for much longer than just three years. Did not ANYONE guess?
Try twenty years. I am very well known for my little amusements and entrapments.
Just once in a blue moon they back fire on my person. That happened recently
with a very dear girl named Sarah, just 19 and a very genuine and good scat
slut. She was not an amusement per se - more like a misjudgment on my part. Even
I make mistakes - just once in a blue moon. Please forgive my person Sarah...
things would have been much different if only I knew you were 'real' before it
was too late... *sighs sadly*

I was born and currently live... somewhere in the USA. Where does not matter. I
lived in England for seven years whilst attending the Royal College of Music in
London. I have always loved music and it was a good way to 'goof-off' as many
college brats do. But I did do very well - even excelled and achieved honors in
college. Me is a very honorable scat slut. *giggles*

While in college I met Silver Fairy, the love of my life. She was older than I
and shared my passion for music and writing lesbian erotica. We co-authored many
stories... and novels. She was 'long-winded' and sometimes stretched a fantasy
out too much. I was the opposite, perhaps too 'short-winded.' But we made a
lovely team (and perfect lovers) in spite of our differences.

Silver Fairy expired in my arms in hospital. She had Leukemia. This morning I
was officially diagnosed with the affliction of Multiple Myeloma. Bone marrow
cancer. It is not curable but 'highly treatable.' (What kind of double Dutch is
that one???) I am told that one does not expire directly from the my affliction,
but from the effects of a deficient immune system. Very much like AIDS I am
told. I like that. It suits my person and sense of irony and poetic justice.

Chemotherapy and a stem cell reinfusion (basically same as a bone marrow
transplant) are on the cards for me. The stem cell thing is just to buy more
time - in hopes a cure for my affliction can be found. My hair shall fall out. I
shall be totally bald, but I am assured it will grown back. I shall NOT wear a
wig during that period. Perhaps I will even shine my head with bees wax. I have
long ago stopped worrying about what others think of my person. Others are
mostly wrong, wrong, wrong and I owe them nothing. I ignore them... unless they
cross my path the wrong way... then my claws unsheathe... me can be a very
murderous pantheress...

That is it regarding my profile... oh... I do NOT have cat... but I do have a
dog... a very large Irish Wolf Hound. He is a VERY loving doggie... *giggles* I
might as well add that I write my own music and lyrics (blues and pop), and was
on the verge of forming an all-lesbian band again (I did that in England - we
played many pubs in Southwestern England). My singing voice is as hypnotic and
captivating as my eyes. My health will now dictate whether I can accomplish my
dream. I do think that I shall record, even if I am unable to tour. I have never
given up on anything, nor intend on doing so now. I have a Mistress and a
submissive - both named Jane - whom I love very much, but that is my own
personal business... I also have numerous friends scattered everywhere, whom I
correspond with regularly... we often have much pussy fun together...

My monitor recently expired and I had to replace it with a new ViewSonic 17 inch
monitor. To my delight a wireless keyboard and mouse was included with the
monitor. Me is no fool and me quickly dragged my recliner chair into my
'computer room.' Rather than sitting on a normal chair for hours on end, me now
writes and surfs the Internet in very grand style and much comfort with my
favorite blanky. MMMMMMMMMMMM... and sweet masturbation has become even
better... sweeter... I highly recommend a wireless keyboard and mouse AND the
recliner to go with them.

WAKE UP!!! Me has stopped rambling now. Me is sorry to make you read through all
that crap. Now me will try to make your pussy wet for you. Male readers, GO AWAY
AT ONCE!!! GO NOW OR I WILL MAKE YOU EAT A HEAVILY SOILED KOTEX PAD DONATED BY A
VERY UGLY AND GROSSLY OVERWEIGHT BLACK WOMAN THAT I AM SAVING JUST FOR MEN WHO
TRY TO PRY INTO MY SECRETS. This is just between us ladies.

When I was seventeen I had a heavy girlish crush on an older girl who was
married to a pig who did not satisfy her in bed. I knew Wanda was using me...
more specifically my mouth and tongue... to get off on. But me didn't care. Me
ADORED being used by Wanda. She always wore tennis shoes without socks, and she
had a passion for making me take them off for her and letting me suck her toes.
She squirmed on the bed with delight when I slithered my very wet tongue between
each and every toe... said it made her toes feel so mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
squishy... (I adore that pleasure, too... if you have never experienced it then
you are missing something sooooooo good).

Because Wanda never wore socks with her tennis shoes she often had very YUMMY
'toe jam' between her toes. You know... that black greasy stuff that smells like
cheese. I suppose it is caused by a mixture of dust and sweat. Very gritty when
nibbled... very YUMMY, too. It has been years since I have nibbled some good toe
jam. Too much emphasis on hygiene and smelling human - everyone seems to want to
be too clean and smell like chemicals (disguised as perfume and deodorants). Me
NEVER puts chemicals on my lovely, sexy body.

One afternoon I was down on Wanda's pussy and got the distinct scent of her shit
from her beautiful ass. Let's face it, normally, shit STINKS!!! But... and this
is very important to remember... but when one is ALREADY sexually aroused... the
scent of shit can be a very powerful aphrodisiac...

You think not? I beg to differ with you, you silly trollop. Stop scratching your
sexy ass and allow me to give a very good example. Have you ever engaged in 69?
Do you know that your nose is very near you lover's anus when you do that... if
not actually touching it at times? In the heat of their passion many do not
consider this fact. Many of you have smelled your lover's shit... have responded
to it extremely passionately... without even realizing it. One day I shall have
to write... yet again... for Silver Fairy and I wrote a very lengthy piece years
ago... about the nature of lesbian ass worship. I do NOT refer to anal abuse.
Where things are inserted into the rectum. That is a MALE thing which is meant
to punish a female because she is sexually superior to him. In true lesbian ass
worship NOTHING cept a stiffened tongue is inserted in a lovers rectum.

I was always very wet in my pussy when I went down on Wanda, and I KNEW I was
smelling her shit... and I LIKED that scent. I adored all of Wanda's smells...
and tastes... but this new smell... I WENT WILD OVER!!! Absolutely nuts!!! I
pushed Wanda's legs up and back and whimpered like the bitch in heat that I was.
I was frightened of what it might taste like, but I didn't care. I stared at her
tight rose hole and it was like... love at first sight. Shaking like a leaf and
whimpering in extreme arousal, I extended my tongue and touched just the tip of
it against her anus. My tongue retreated into my mouth... the tingling sensation
on the tip of my tongue... and bitter taste... registered in my mind... sent a
message to my cilt and she tingled in unison with my tongue... I LIKED IT!!! I
LIKED IT EVEN BETTER THAN THE TASTE OF PUSSY!!!

I went wild on Wanda's dirty anus... well... my tongue did... Wanda KNEW... had
planned that 'special surprise' for me... And I became her little shit licker...
her shit mouth... her nasty little love slave...

During the past 20 years I have talked to MANY sluts who have tasted their
lover's shit... or tasted their own shit... I have also helped to introduce this
pleasure to MANY sluts. Me has also 'forced' or 'broken' more than a few to this
pleasure. I frequently ask the same question to my scat sisters - how they got
turned on to this pleasure. The majority of my scat sisters were turned onto the
pleasure in a similar manner that I was. The rest discovered the pleasure
through brave experimentation, or were 'broken' by a lover or relative. The
things that some mothers or sisters or aunts or cousins do to a girl are very
surprising.... and arousing... if lesbian incest turns one on.

I am very much turned on with the notion of lesbian incest. But me was an only
child and my parents and other family members like aunties and cousins were very
conservative and kept their sexual kinks well-hidden... as conservatives always
do... Poor them!!! Me has always been a radical. I did have a brief period of
sort of lesbian incest with my mother... in a secondhand fashion... via her
dirty panties... when I was seventeen and after being broken to scat pleasures
by Wanda. Several times Mother left lovely 'streak marks' in her panties. And
once, when she laughed too much, she pissed herself... and... well... me just
couldn't resist going to find them where I knew they would be... And I...
well... I sucked the pee from Mommies panties whilst me masturbated and cummed
off soooooo good... Me is soooooo bad.... *giggles*

I used to wonder about me. Like what I am. You know... dominant or submissive...
I am both... but it is more than that... I have always done whatever moves me at
the moment. I am ruled by my heart and deep cunt feelings. And when I want
something... or someone... I have always gotten it... Perhaps me is just a
spoiled brat... but me is very happy with that one, for sure. *giggles*

I have never hurt a lover, but have allowed a few to hurt me. Not dangerously
so, but I have experienced some bdsm 'pleasures' which were hard. I prefer D/s -
whatever that is. BDSM and D/s seems to be so very confusing these days, with so
many acronyms coming into being. What on earth is 'Femdom' for instance? Who
does what to whom, and what are the genders involved? Jinn mentioned Femdom
today to me in an email. She didn't say, but she inferred her version of Femdom
was a female sexually dominating another female. But I have seen many BDSM web
sites where Femdom involved a female sexually dominating a male. I have seen
pictures of it and they are so totally DISGUSTING. Men are NOT beautiful and
when they are shown in such disgusting pictures they look more ugly and totally
absurd. Females are beautiful, and pictures of a female sexually dominating
another female are beautiful. I am very sure that if a poll was taken the
majority would agree with my person on that issue.

STOP DOZING OFF YOU DOZY CUNT!!! Me is trying to impart a little of what I have
learned in the last twenty years. I think that BDSM is mostly a male thing, and
that D/s is more a female thing. Not many females like really hurting other
females. And let me tell any of you females reading this one thing - if you
think that getting your ass fucked really hard all the time from some bastard is
so great... and if you continue it... then somewhere down the road... you ARE
going to start having bad problems with your asshole, especially when you try to
shit. Let me reiterate... if any of you are STUPID and GULLIBLE enough to let
anyone stick more than a finger or tongue in your asshole, you deserve what you
will get later on in life.

Yawn. This is not stirring my pussy much.

I have always tried to be a 'good' person and lover. But there have been
times... and may be times in the future... when deep cunt feelings move me to
'force' or 'break' another female against her will... or more aptly... in spite
of herself... to scat pleasures. I derive most of my sexual pleasure from being
on the submissive side. The only overtly dominant sexual pleasure I truly enjoy
is when I initially 'break' a slut to scat. My method have ALWAYS worked, and
only one slut did not come crawling back for more. She came very strongly for me
when I gave her final release... I do think she feared... not me... but her own
very deep cunt feelings I engendered...

There is a basic principle... fact... that always works... Masturbate a slut to
the very brink of orgasm and keep her there... and... if you are skillful... she
will sell her very soul for sweet release... Couple that fact with two curious
phenomenons. One I have already addressed: the fact that when one is already
sexually aroused, the scent of shit can be a very powerful aphrodisiac. The
other curiosity is the act of hair pulling or holding your lover's hair very
tightly in your fist... In the right setting it will melt your lover's pussy
completely... and show her who is in command...

Ideally, I like to have my lover naked in bed and very ready for sex... I get
naked and slip into the bathroom... takes a quick and very sexy shit... then go
to bed without wiping my ass... I take immediate charge of my lover with very
wet tongue kisses... wet, wet, wet tongue kisses... dripping wet kisses... My
face over... ABOVE her face... So the wet only goes one way... down. I caress
her in every way but in her pussy... when she squirms and whimpers sufficiently
I seize her hair tightly and start the careful... maddening... teasing game...
my fingers frothing up her cunt, sweetly tormenting her clit with gentle
caresses.

Now my slut is ready. I lie on my side gazing down at her... my hand tight in
her hair and yanking her head down if she tries to raise it... They
understand... they always understand... that I am in full control of them. I use
my free hand to smooth over her body... to calm and steady her... Then slowly...
quite deliberately... I make a show of raising a leg and purposely touching my
asshole... MMMMMMMMMMMMMM... she discovers it is a shit dirty asshole when I
present my brown finger for her inspection... My fist tightens in her hair if
she tries to resist... I rub my shit under her nose so all she can smell is that
most intimate... strongest... scent of my person...

Sometimes she has to be masturbated a little bit more... sometimes talked to in
low murmurs... more often words are not needed... the only sound is little
submissive whimpers... Such sweet music. She now has the scent of my shit, and
when she cums, she will associate that strong most intimate scent with
pleasure...

Ahhhh... but I do not let her off that easily... all of them must have their
lips painted brown... They do whimper and look sooooo very sorry for
themselves... I hold their hair tight and watch them try NOT to lick their
lips... Is a most curious phenomenon. Me couldn't tell you about that one
above... it is better to spring it on you here... If you are taking careful
notes me is sorry to make you jump around all over the page... *giggles* Most
curious indeed... Try as they might, the poor darlings can not resist licking
their lips... It does something to them... something besides having their first
little taste of shit... I have my own theory about what it does and why it works
so very well...

I paint their lips brown several times... then do one of two things... let them
have the sweet sexual release they have earned... or continue the game...
Whether to continue or stop there depends on the slut and her reactions... The
point is they should crawl back again another time for more... so good judgment
is called for. Me is a primeval female animal and my instincts never fail me in
bed.

The next step in the game is browning my finger well and offering it for
sucking... Maybe after the first time... or a second or third time... it becomes
a teasing game... the well browned finger is withdrawn just before it is
captured by hungry lips... If the mood is right I might make them beg...
It is a very easy step from there to having them lick my ass clean right after I
shit... I never ever go any further with anyone unless a slut begs for it... I
always advise against it... I very rarely go further than that myself when I am
on the 'receiving end.' A little taste of shit is something one can quickly
develop a deep craving for. Anything more than that calls for passions much
deeper than mine normally are. Many claim to eat all of their lover's shit all
the time, but I usually have my doubts. I have done so, and all but a three
times, have thrown it all up again. No pleasure in that, I can assure you. I am
like many - the THOUGHT of full scat is thrilling. The REALITY is another
matter... very hard shit... *giggles*

Neither me nor most of my scat sisters are monsters or freaks to be so despised
as we are by most. With the exception of a few (myself included in that few)
most of us are very submissive by the very nature of our craving... We hurt
nobody... and so long as our partners are not ill or diseased, we are not harmed
by what we do. For goodness sake, mothers often have to be very careful about
stopping their babies from eating their shit. It does not harm them, nor does it
harm us. You tell me WHY we are looked down on as the 'lowest of the low' when
other silly sluts, for instance, are praised for taking huge cocks or dildoes up
their ass. TELL ME!!! Is it because MALES who do not like females like to see
such? I think it does have to do with that. Any female who likes to do something
like that which is HARMFUL to her lover needs a HARD kick in her cunt and a BIG
FAT steel pipe shoved up her ass to see how she likes it.

I will end this with announcement of my newest discovery. I learn new things all
the time. I have found a method of producing perfect shit!!! Four cans of
chocolate Ensure Plus and one normal meal a day. I 'shit you not!' *giggles* It
makes consistent dark brown turds which are firm yet 'sticky.' By sticky I mean
they dirty the anus well when they are passed. To clarify what I mean: ever
notice that sometimes you only need one wipe and hardly any shit is there? And
other times you can wipe and wipe and there is still shit there? Even if you use
a wash rag? That is 'sticky' shit. Sticky shit is a nuisance to most. But to a
scat slut it is so mmmmmmmmmmmmmm.... She can 'touch and lick' and have a real
good time with herself.

Oh, one last thing. The chocolate Ensure Plus also makes very nice bittersweet
tasting shit... Me much prefers bittersweet to bitter... Some shit really
SUKS... *giggles*

PS: I do not hate all men. I am not sexually turned on to males, and believe
males take themselves much too seriously. However... me is a primeval female
animal, a pantheress, and men who abuse women... or men who have the gull to
cross my path the wrong way... arouse MURDEROUS instincts. Do not say you have
not been warned. Do NOT rattle my cage!!! I assure you that you WILL regret
doing so.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Brenda


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





