BDSM Library - Nightclub Nightmare




Nightclub Nightmare
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cute little Asian girl sneaks into nightclub and gets caught by female bouncer. The cruel woman then proceeds to punish and rape the girl with help from another huge, black male bouncer.Nightclub Nightmare (NC, Rape, MF/f, SM, D/S, Gangbang, Torture,
      Humiliation)   
   
   Sharon Tu could feel her heart racing with excitement,
  as she and her other friends waited patiently in line to enter Da-Boom  .
  The little Asian girl was literally shaking from the cold frosty air, the blaring
  songs emanating from the club, and her own eagerness to quickly get inside.
  Although there were many rowdy teens hollering and laughing nearby, Sharon
  could still feel the pounds and thuds of hip-hop music being generated inside
  the building.  
 Even though she was very anxious to get inside, Sharon couldn't help feeling
  a bit nervous as well. This was, after all, the first time in her life to ever
  go clubbing and she really didn't know what to expect. The idea of meeting
  new guys did indeed excite her, but Sharon was also fearful of bumping into
  some pervert who might try to make a move on her. Aside from that, the girl
  wasn't even supposed to be here in the first place. Da-Boom  was
  a 16-and-older nightspot, and Sharon missed that cutoff by three years. But
  her friends had already given her a fake I.D. along with the guarantee that
  she'd have no problem getting in.  
 While she couldn't quite pass for 16, Sharon definitely looked older than
  most other girls her age. Despite the fact that she was only 5-feet-tall and
  weighed a measly 94 pounds, her body was still developing very nicely for a
  seventh-grader. The little Asian had legs pretty enough to make most supermodels
  jealous. They were simply flawless; tanned, shapely, and very long considering
  how short the rest of her body was. Furthermore, unlike most other typical
  Asians, Sharon actually had one very gorgeous ass. The two buns were so lusciously
  round and tight, but still quite compact because of the girl's petite overall
  frame. As for her breasts, they were unfortunately undeveloped and did  indeed
  match those of a stereotypical Asian girl.  
 Although her body was extremely alluring, Sharon had an equally if not even
  more attractive face. While mostly Chinese, the girl also had a quarter of
  Vietnamese in her that gave her a truly oriental look. She had two very large
  almond eyes, a perfect button nose, and luscious red lips. Her ovular face
  was adorned by black shoulder length hair with bright auburn streaks weaved
  in. Her golden complexion was smooth and unmarked. On the whole, she was a
  very lovely little girl.  
 So when it came time for her to check in, Sharon felt very uneasy as the
  bouncer just stood there and gazed down at her for a few seconds. Although
  the security guard was a woman, that still did very little to relieve the girl
  of her apprehensiveness. The female bouncer was over 6-feet-tall, probably
  weighed a good 200 pounds or so, and was very mean looking. She had a strong,
  masculine body and intense features with a short set of red hair to match.
  Sharon felt especially uncomfortable with the way the woman was staring at
  her. There was a certain look in her eye that wasn't by any means suspicion,
  but rather, complete lust.  
 &quot;You got an I.D.?&quot; the woman asked, holding her open palm out
  to the girl.  
 &quot;Yea,&quot; Sharon replied, quickly handing her fake I.D. to the redhead.  
 &quot;Okay,&quot; the woman approved after inspecting the little card for
  quite some time, &quot;go on.&quot;  
 Without another word, Sharon quickly retrieved her I.D. and scurried into
  the nightclub. Once inside, she let out a huge sigh of relief as the rowdy
  club atmosphere engulfed her. She felt like a little kid exiting a drug store
  after successfully stealing a pack of gum. Her heart was still pounding away
  beneath her little chest, but overall, she felt glad, relaxed, and very excited
  about what this night had to offer.  
 She located her friends almost immediately, and together, the small gang
  of Asian teens made their way onto the central dance floor. While all of her
  companions weaved their way skillfully through the crowded groups of people,
  Sharon on the other hand had to run and dart clumsily through bodies just to
  keep up. Nevertheless, the handful of youngsters soon arrived at the heart
  of the platform. Sharon took a brief moment to stare in awe at the incredible
  environment all around her. Music was exploding out of gigantic speakers everywhere.
  Bright, neon lights danced across the ceiling and along the floor where she
  stood. The sweet aroma of perfume and cologne seemed to hang forever in the
  cool, refreshing air. In short, this place was truly a heaven for the girl's
  senses.  
 Little by little, Sharon began to immerse herself into the music. She was
  a great dancer and before long, several guys began hungrily flocking her way.
  The 13-year-old simultaneously danced with two of them, while her friends noisily
  cheered her on just a few feet away. They weren't the only ones watching her
  either.  
All around, Sharon could feel the many sets of
  eyes staring intently and directly her way. Some of them were other girls,
  who were glaring wrathfully at her because of all the male interest she was
  drawing. Most of them, however, were high school guys who were gawking and
  practically drooling over her long, perfect legs. They obviously appreciated
  her beauty. Sharon was astonished at how much attention she was receiving.
  She knew she looked good, but she had no idea that she looked this   good.  
 As the music came to an end, Sharon was still dancing with the two boys
  when suddenly she felt a firm hand grip her shoulder. She spun around, looked
  up, and almost had a heart attack. Towering before her was the same redheaded
  bouncer that had just moments ago checked her in. The woman was standing with
  her beefy arms crossed, and a very annoyed expression plastered across her
  unattractive face.  
 "Excuse me young lady," the redhead said in a very commanding voice, "I
  need you to come with me please."  
 "Okay&hellip;" Sharon replied in a confused tone, trying to give the impression
  that she'd done absolutely nothing wrong.  
 "Follow me," the woman ordered, turning around and leading the way.  
 Sharon dejectedly trailed behind the bouncer, looking back once to give
  her friends a distraught stare. But all they could do was offer her their own
  expressions of disappointment and reassurance before they gradually disappeared
  from her sight. Sharon could now feel the weight of a hundred eyes staring
  at her in disgust and mockery. But right now, she couldn't care less what these
  assholes thought of her. The only thing she was concerned with at the moment
  was how much shit she was in.  
 The redhead lead them to the corner of the building, where she then pushed
  apart two large, wooden double doors. Sharon followed meekly behind as the
  woman continued guiding the 13-year-old through a long, dimly lit hallway.
  When they reached the end of the corridor, the redhead fished out a set of
  keys and unlocked a heavy steel door on the right side. She pushed it open,
  moved to the side, and ordered the little Asian to step into the room.  
 As soon as she did, Sharon heard the door slam shut behind her, and she
  spun around just in time to see the woman locking the bolt into place. She
  turned around once again so she could examine the room with her eyes. She was
  standing in a very spacious lounge, with a king-size bed at the corner, a television
  across from it, a dining table adjacent to the bed, and various other typical
  household items and appliances. Lying on the bed was another one of the club's
  intimidating bouncers. This one was a very dark skinned and repulsive looking
  man who appeared to be in his mid twenties. Even though he was sprawled across
  the bed, Sharon could still distinguish how large he was. The man was at least
  six-and-a-half feet tall, and judging from his enormously huge body, probably
  weighed close to 300 pounds. So big was the man, that he looked more like a
  professional football player than a club bouncer.  
 "Take a seat," the redhead instructed, nudging the girl towards a few chairs
  that were encircled around a dinner table.  
 Sharon did as she was told, pulling one of the chairs out and taking a seat
  on top of it. The redhead did the same, grabbing a chair on the opposite side
  of the table and lowering herself onto it. The other bouncer, (who hadn't said
  a word this entire time) turned off the television set, walked over, and took
  a seat right next to the woman. They sat for a moment, the redhead leaning
  back with her arms crossed while the man sat with his arms resting atop the
  edge of the table.  
 "You do know why you are here," the redhead said, after a long and odd period
  of silence.  
 "No," the Asian girl lied, staring up at the interrogator with an innocent
  gaze.  
 "Don't bullshit," the woman spat, staring irritably into the little 13-year-old's
  eyes, "we both know you snuck into this club with a phony ID."  
 "What?" Sharon blurted out in a noticeably fake and unnatural voice.  
 "Come on you little idiot," the woman mocked. "You didn't really think that
  you could pass for a sixteen-year-old?"  
 "I&hellip;no&hellip;I don't know&hellip;" the seventh-grader stammered,
  beginning to break down already.  
 "How old are you really?" Ruth asked.  
 "Thirteen," Sharon muttered, staring towards the floor.  
 "What's your name?"  
 "Sharon."  
 "Well Sharon," the redhead began, "do you realize that by sneaking your
  little bitch-ass in here, we have all the authority to punish and hurt you?"  
 "What? You can?" Sharon replied in bewilderment.  
 "That's right honey, because technically speaking, you've just broken and
  entered into our property and that means that we have all the power to do whatever
  we want to you," the woman lied.  
 "Wait," Sharon said hesitantly, "I know it's my bad for sneaking in, but
  if I just leave right now is it cool?"  
 "Sorry sweetie," the black man responded quickly, "but it don't work that
  way."  
 "Then&hellip;what?" Sharon asked nervously.  
 "First we gotta search you," the redhead answered, "to make sure you don't
  have any illegal weapons on you."  
 "I don't&hellip;but fine, go ahead," the little Asian agreed scornfully.  
 "Get up," the man ordered, rising to his feet and walking towards the girl.  
 " You're  gonna search me?" Sharon asked incredulously.  
 "That's right," the black giant answered with a smile on his face.  
 &quot;Then can I go after you do?&quot;  
 &quot;We'll see,&quot; the man answered quickly.  
 "Okay," the 13-year-old sighed, climbing exasperatedly to her feet.  
 "Stand against the wall with your back towards me," the man instructed,
  pointing to the nearest wall.  
 Sharon stomped angrily over to the wall and stood patiently still before
  it. Then almost immediately, she felt the man lock his fingers onto her slender
  waist. He traced his hands down the girl's hips, and onto the miniskirt that
  covered her upper thighs. Clenching the garment in his hands, he gave it a
  little tug and watched as it fell onto the floor around the girl's feet. Sharon
  gasped in astonishment as she was suddenly standing before the two bouncers
  with her panties completely exposed.  
 "Lift your arms straight up," he commanded, grabbing the hem of the girl's
  shirt with his fingers.  
 Too stunned to refuse, Sharon obediently raised her arms as high as she
  could and waited while the bouncer pulled her shirt up past her body and off
  of her arms. He flipped the shirt absently over his shoulder, and instantly
  placed his hands back onto the girl's silky skin. Looking down, he was amazed
  at the girl's beauty. She was standing before him dressed in white cotton panties,
  a matching bra, a pair of black high-heeled sandals and nothing else.  
Seeing the slender girl like this made him want
  to fuck the shit out of her right here and now. But since he'd have all night
  for that, he decided he was going to have some fun with this cunt first. Reaching
  around with his right arm, he placed his hand directly beneath the girl's bra
  cup. He then instantly slipped his hand underneath the covering and onto her
  small, firm breast.  
 "What're you-" Sharon cried out in surprise, jolting up as the man wrapped
  his hand onto her chest.  
 "Shut up," the man ordered, pushing his knee into the Asian's back and pressing
  her against the wall.  
 "Now listen up bitch," the man hissed into her ear, "Ruth and I are gonna
  have a little fun with you for the next few hours, and if you're a good little
  girl, we'll let you leave this place in one piece."  
 "Please," Sharon whimpered, as she began trembling from the cold temperature
  and her own feelings of terror.  
 "Come on Abe," the redhead urged from the dinner table, "hurry up and get
  the party started."  
 "Okay I got it," the man replied, reaching down and grabbing the girl's
  underwear, "you know what a wedgie is bitch?"  
 Sharon did not answer, but she did indeed know what a wedgie was. It was
  a very stupid and senseless prank that guys performed on each other all the
  time. Personally, she thought it was one of the most immature things in the
  world, so it was extremely ironic that a man more than twice her age was about
  to give one to her now.  
 "Here let me show you," Abe said, hooking his thumb and fingers onto the
  edges of the girl's panties.  
 He then gently pulled the elastic brim of the underwear inward, doing so
  until there was just a thin strand of fabric riding up the girl's ass-crack.
  When this was achieved, Abe wrapped his fingers around that little strand and
  enclosed it with a firm, solid fist. Using all of the muscles in his gigantic
  arm, he gave a tremendous yank up on the girl's panties.  
 "U-u-a-a-a-a-u-u-u-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon wailed, writhing around as the fabric
  scraped against her anus and butt-crack.  
 "Oh yea!" Abe roared, jerking the cord up again violently.  
 Sharon screamed once more in agony, as the cloth tore its way up her ass
  leaving a fiery trail of pain as it went. The man was pulling so hard on her
  panties that she was being forced up onto the tips of her toes. She tried to
  reach down and challenge the man, but Abe quickly secured her arms with his
  other hand and pinned them firmly against the wall above her head.  
 "You like wedgies don't you Sharon?" Abe laughed, wrenching the strand of
  cotton so powerfully that the girl was literally lifted off of her feet and
  into the air.  
 "How does that feel?" Abe asked, as he raised poor Sharon higher and higher
  into the air by her own panties.  
 "Stop! Please!" Sharon begged wretchedly, kicking her little feet around
  desperately in the air while the cotton fabric sliced deeper and deeper into
  her flesh.  
 "Ruth, you gotta get in on this shit!" Abe cried deliriously, turning around
  to look at his friend.  
 "Bring her over here then," Ruth instructed.  
 "Let's go bitch," the man giggled, lowering Sharon back down onto her feet
  and dragging her over by her panties to where Ruth waited.  
 He tossed the seventh-grader forward onto the hard, wooden surface of the
  table. Ruth grabbed the girl's arms and held them down while Abe adjusted her
  body until she was bent forward at the edge of the table with her tight little
  ass sticking straight out at him.  
 "Okay," he said, wrapping his fingers around the crumpled thread of cotton
  once again, "hold this little cunt still."  
 He yanked up on the garment once more, causing the Asian girl to shriek
  at the top of her lungs. Again he jerked up with his arm, hauling Sharon's
  fragile body higher onto the table. His hand containing the bunched up underwear
  was hovering a good six inches above the girl's back, and the panties themselves
  were now being stretched to a ridiculous length. It was incredible that they
  were still even intact.  
 "I could give this cute little ass wedgies all day bitch!" Abe snarled,
  pulling the strand of cloth further.  
 "A-a-a-o-o-o-w-w!" Sharon screeched.  
"Here," the man offered, holding out the line of Victoria's
      Secret  for Ruth to grab.  
 "Awesome," the redhead declared, taking the harness from her friend.  
 "My turn now bitch," Ruth spat, gripping the girl's panties in her hand
  and yanking it backwards.  
 "U-u-u-u-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h-h!" Sharon yowled, squirming around
  on the table as the underwear cut further into her raw skin.  
 Ruth gave another wrench on the panties, this one so monstrous that it actually
  dragged the agonized girl a few inches across the table. While she continued
  to torment the 13-year-old, Abe was busy thinking of other ways in which he
  could administer the wedgie on poor Sharon. The possibilities were endless.
  He could force her to kneel and suck his cock while he gave it to her. Or he
  could possibly pin her against the couch and chew on her tits while he gave
  it to her. Whatever the case, he was unquestionably going to keep giving wedgies
  to the girl. She had just too nice of an ass for him not to.  
 "Come on! Scream for me baby!" commanded Ruth, pulling back on the underwear
  like it was some tug-of-war rope.  
 "N-u-h! P-l-e-e-e-a-a-a-s-e!" Sharon sobbed miserably as the redhead stretched
  her panties so far the waistband was almost up to the Asian girl's shoulders.  
 "Ruth," Abe interjected, "let's get her on the bed so we can both play with
  her."  
 "Sounds good," the woman concurred, getting to her feet and walking back
  around the table.  
 As she did so, Abe reached down, unclasped Sharon's bra, and removed it.
  After that, he bent down and pulled off the 13-year-old's black high-heels.
  At this point, the girl was completely naked except for her underwear, which
  Abe was not going to tamper with. He grabbed the strand of cloth that was lodged
  between Sharon's firm round cheeks, and hauled her off to the corner of the
  room where the bed was situated.  
 "Get some rope," he instructed to Ruth, while holding the little Asian face
  down against his grimy mattress.  
 The redhead returned less than a minute later with a thin but very strong
  coil of rope. She used it to tie Sharon's wrists together while Abe held them
  securely behind the girl's back. The two bouncers could have easily handled
  the petite seventh-grader without the use of a rope, but Abe wanted the girl
  completely immobile and powerless for this next act he was about to perform.  
 "Let's give her a double wedgie," he said to Ruth, rolling the dazed girl
  forward until she was resting in the middle of the bed.  
 "Okay, I'll take the front, you take the back," Ruth replied, quickly climbing
  onto the king-sized bed.  
 Abe lied down on the mattress and scooted forward until his body was nestled
  cozily against Sharon's own. He was resting behind the girl while Ruth lowered
  herself down in front of her. Together, they sandwiched Sharon's little body
  between their own gigantic ones. Abe reached down and grabbed the bunched up
  strand of cotton in his hand, while Ruth had to make a new harness using the
  crotch of the girl's panties.  
 "Ready?" Abe asked, smiling sadistically at his redheaded friend.  
 "Yea," Ruth replied, curling her fingers around the girl's soft underwear.  
 "Go," the black man said quickly.  
 Immediately the two both yanked up on their ends of the underwear at the
  exact same time, giving the impression that they'd done this a million times
  or something. Sharon, of course, released an ear-piercing scream as the undergarment
  bit sharply into her ass and vagina. She wriggled around desperately between
  the two bouncers, but there was nothing in the world she could do to escape
  them.  
 "Come on bitch," Abe encouraged, jerking ferociously up on his end of the
  panties, "you can scream louder than that!"  
 "Let's hear it slut!" Ruth agreed, digging the wire of underwear deeper
  into the girl's crotch.  
 "A-a-a-a-o-o-o-u-u-u-w-w-w!" Sharon screeched, feeling the strand of cotton
  tear straight upward between her two pussy lips.  
 Heavy tears now began streaming down the young Asian's cheeks, as she struggled
  passionately on the bed amid the two massive bouncers. She tried countless
  times to wriggle her way up the mattress, but Abe and Ruth were smothering
  her skinny little body between them. She had nowhere to go, and no way to alleviate
  any of her suffering.  
 "That's the spirit!" Abe cried, ripping back on the underwear like it was
  a lawnmower chord and Sharon's ass was the stubborn engine.  
 The 13-year-old wailed once again in anguish, as the underwear sliced deep
  into the valley between her small, round ass-cheeks. Abe pulled again harder,
  stretching the panties out and forcing the garment to its limits. He was truly
  enjoying this. For many years he'd dreamed of raping a young, snobby little
  Asian like Sharon, yet never imagined that one day he would. And neither did
  Sharon, or any other person in the world who knew her for that matter. Her
  classmates all viewed her as the one    lucky girl who
  was rich, popular, and  very beautiful. Many despised
  her because of her good fortune, so it undoubtedly would've come as a shock
  for them to know that she was practically butt-naked right now and being tormented
  by two club bouncers.  
 "This must be one expensive pair of panties you got here Sharon," Abe commented.  
 "Yeah," the redhead concurred, giving the underwear a good tug as she did, "still
  holding up strong."  
 "Now let's see if your pussy is as tough as these fuckin' panties," Abe
  sneered at the little Asian.  
 "Is it time?" Ruth asked the black man.  
 "It's game time baby," he answered, nodding his head, "get her ready."  
 "Right here on the bed?"  
 "Yeah, and you know how I want her," Abe replied, finally releasing the
  girl's underwear and climbing off the bed.  
 "Well, you heard the boss," Ruth explained assertively, also letting go
  of Sharon's panties before rolling the girl onto her back.  
 While Abe leisurely began pulling off his clothes, Ruth quickly and forcefully
  went to work on the 13-year-old. Even with his back turned toward the bed,
  Abe could still discern everything that was going on behind him. He could hear
  Ruth's heavy breathing as the redhead pulled and wrenched Sharon chaotically
  around on the mattress. And from the sounds of it, the little Asian was actually
  putting up quite a good fight against the much larger and   stronger
  woman. But Abe had no worries that Ruth wouldn't take care of business. She
  was a professional dominatrix, and she'd handled plenty of tougher women than
  Sharon before.  
 Now, just as he finished undressing, Abe turned around and was amazed to
  see that his friend was already finished with the Asian girl. Ruth had prepared
  the slim 13-year-old on the bed like a gourmet seafood dish, and the black
  man just couldn't wait to tear into her succulent flesh.  
 She was bound before him in the classic spread-eagle position, with her
  four limbs tautly outstretched toward the shiny bedposts. And because she was
  lying on a king-sized mattress, Sharon's beautiful legs were spread painfully
  far apart to explicitly reveal her tight virginal opening, and the very sparse
  mound of black pubic hair directly above it. Her small round breasts were also
  completely vulnerable, and Abe could not take his eyes away from the girl's
  erect little brown nipples.  
 "You look fuckin' delicious," Abe said appraisingly, as he leapt onto the
  bed and leered down at the terrified little Asian.  
 "Oh my God," Sharon whimpered, gaping up at Abe's penis in absolute horror.   
   "Thanks babe," Abe remarked, glancing down and wrapping both   of
  his hands around the fully erect organ, "you'll get to feel it inside you real
  soon."  
 He couldn't be serious. Sharon was still gawking at the man's cock in utter
  dismay. She simply could not believe how grotesquely enormous it was. The thing
  measured almost an entire foot in length and was easily thicker than her wrist.
  From her distorted view down on the bed, the man's penis seemed to stretch
  up and actually touch the ceiling with its plum-sized head. It looked rock-solid
  and was pulsating with half a dozen angry veins that appeared ready to burst
  at any second. Sharon was convinced that this man was absolutely insane  if
  he thought he could fit his titanic-sized dick into her narrow little opening.  
 "U-g-g-h-h! No!" Sharon protested, yanking at her bonds as the black man
  brought his massive body down onto her.  
 "Squirm around all you want bitch," said Abe, crushing the little girl with
  his weight, "but you ain't goin' nowhere."  
 "No! Please! Please don't rape! I'm sorry! Oh God please!" Sharon sobbed
  in absolute terror.  
 She shrank away from the man as he lowered himself atop her, completely
  covering her little body beneath his own. The 13-year-old grimaced in disgust
  when she felt Abe's big hairy chest scrape against her own small, tender breasts.
  On top of that, it was noticeably obvious that the man had not showered in
  the last week or so. He reeked of sweat and other foul odors that caused young
  Sharon to recoil even further. The stench was so bad that the Asian girl thought
  she was literally going to vomit.  
 "Come on baby girl," Abe implored, leaning forward to kiss the beautiful
  13-year-old on the cheek, "don't be a little bitch."  
 "M-m-m-f-f-f!" Sharon grunted, furiously shaking her head to avoid the man's
  thick, purple lips.  
 "Hold still!" Abe ordered, grabbing a fistful of the girl's hair and yanking
  back on it viciously.  
 Sharon wailed in pain as her head was rocked back by the force of the man's
  pull. Seeing the girl with her eyes closed shut and her mouth gaping open,
  Abe realized this was the perfect moment for him to make his move. He jolted
  forward and mashed his lips forcefully against the girl's own. Sharon's eyes
  flew open in shock at this sudden and unexpected maneuver. She groaned in revulsion
  and tried desperately to shake off the man's slobbering mouth.  
 Her efforts were all for nothing, however, as Abe grasped the girl by her
  hair and forced her beautiful face against his lips. Ruth laughed boisterously
  as she watched the man embrace young Sharon like she was his lover. He was
  slobbering all over the little Asian, allowing his animal instincts to take
  complete control over him.  
Sharon was simply stunned and horrified at the
  man's disgusting behavior. He was licking her all over her face, running his
  fat tongue across her nose, lips, eyes, and cheeks and soaking her entire features
  with his syrupy spit. He was smothering her so badly, that the 13-year-old
  had to twist her neck away just to keep herself from suffocating. But as soon
  as she did, Abe pounced back onto her like a cat. He forced the girl to lock
  lips with him, and then rammed his beefy tongue past her warm lips and into
  her screeching mouth. Sharon screamed furiously and thrashed wildly on the
  bed as the man pressed his tongue against hers and French-kissed her passionately.  
Abe continued to smooch the seventh-grader for
  another minute, forcing his tongue deep into the girl's mouth and probing it
  all around her jaws. She tasted so incredibly delicious. The sensation of her
  soft warm tongue pushing against his own, along with the quivering movements
  of her firm, lithe body underneath him was simply too much for Abe to handle.
  He couldn't hold it off any longer. He had  to fuck this
  little bitch right now.  
"Oh yea c'mon," the black giant groaned, pulling
  himself forward on the bed so the tip of his cock pressed demandingly against
  the little Asian's pussy.  
"No! Please! PLEASE!" Sharon begged, staring up
  at the man with watery, terrified eyes.  
"U-r-r-g-g-h-h!" Abe growled, as he jerked his
  hips forward and rammed his cock deep into the girl's dry, virgin cunt.  
"U-a-a-a-u-u-u-g-g-h-h-h-h!" Sharon wailed, jolting
  her head back and cringing up at the wall in agony.  
She could not believe how monstrously huge  the
  man's penis was. It felt even larger than it had looked. She never thought
  that he would be able to get it inside of her, but he had, and now the pain
  was simply unbearable. The poor girl could feel her tiny vagina being stretched
  wide open by the black man's gigantic cock. It felt like someone had just crammed
  a baseball bat into her cunt.  
Likewise, Abe could not believe how amazingly tight
  young Sharon was. He thought he was going to cum the instant he shoved into
  the girl but somehow just managed to hold it back. He felt like he was shoving
  his dick into the neck of a balloon rather than a 13-year-old girl. Even for
  her age and size, Sharon had an unusually small and tight vagina. She'd never
  inserted anything larger than her finger into the opening before, and was even
  too scared to use a tampon when her period had hit only a few months ago. Her
  vagina was clean and virtually just as tight now as it was the day she was
  born.  
Ideally, Sharon should not be having sex with even
  an average-sized man, so it was preposterous that the 6-foot-7, 290-pound Abe
  was now proceeding to rape her. The man was a giant, and he was better suited
  for fucking large women with worn out pussies and many years of sexual experience.
  Instead, he was fucking a 5-foot, 94-pound middle-school virgin who barely
  even understood how sex worked. The poor girl was crying hysterically, and
  begging the man to stop.  
"Please! Take it out!" Sharon sobbed, quivering
  beneath the black man like a trapped squirrel.  
"Okay baby," said Abe, right before he slammed
  forward and tore his cock into the poor 13-year-old a second time.  
"A-a-a-a-a-i-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e-e-e!" Sharon howled,
  whipping her head around and spraying tears all across the dirty mattress.  
She could feel every excruciating inch of the man's
  cock, as it drove deeper into her little twat and stretched it open to an unbelievable
  size. The girl's cunt was being forced to its absolute limit, and if Abe's
  cock were any bit thicker, her pussy would literally have been ripped apart.  
"No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!" Sharon wailed, flinging her
  eyes open in shock as the man viciously ruptured her sacred hymen with another
  devastating thrust.  
The little Asian now faintly recalled a moment
  when she'd chatted with some of her older friends about the experience of sex.
  They'd described the special, once-in-a-lifetime sensation of losing their
  virginity to her in great detail. Every one of them remembered how great it
  had felt when their boyfriends entered them for the very first time, and gently
  brought them to an amazing climax. But for poor Sharon, that was an experience
  she would now never be able to enjoy.  
"Ruth!" Abe called, turning his head back, "I just
  broke this bitch's cherry."  
"Oh yea! Nice!" the redhead applauded, giving the
  man a big thumbs-up at his achievement.  
"But I ain't done yet sweetheart," the black man
  declared to Sharon, "I still got a good eight or nine inches of meat that still
  haven't tasted your juicy cunt bitch."  
"Please no more!" Sharon begged wretchedly, as
  heavy tears now began pouring down her lovely cheeks.  
"Oh yes, much more," Abe contested, slamming into
  the poor Asian with all his power.  
"A-a-a-u-u-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!" Sharon squealed, yanking
  at her bonds as the man's gigantic penis pounded into her further.  
"Goddamn you're fuckin' tight!" Abe exclaimed,
  snarling down at the 13-year-old in both amazement and delight.  
 Even now, with his dick half-buried inside Sharon's cunt, Abe still could
  not believe how tight the little Asian was. Of all the women that he'd raped
  in his life, he could not remember a single one of them having a pussy that
  was even close to how tight this seventh-grader's was. Each time he rammed
  into the girl with all his might, Abe was still  only
  able to get one or two inches of his cock inside Sharon's stubborn vagina.  
 "Oh yea, oh yea," the man repeatedly chanted while he shoved into the little
  girl again.  
 "N-a-a-u-u-u-u-h-h-h-h!" Sharon cried, as the man's penis now began tearing
  away at the muscles and tissues within her battered cunt.  
 "It hurts doesn't it?" Abe laughed, as he felt the destruction occurring
  inside the girl's pussy also.  
 "Please! Stop it!" Sharon pleaded, wriggling her hips in a futile attempt
  to detach the man's dick from her vagina.  
 "Oh yes! Y-e-s-s-s-s-s-s!" Abe roared in pure ecstasy, as he began hammering
  away at the poor girl's crotch.  
 "U-n-n-g! U-a-a-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon wailed deafeningly, as the monstrous
  black cock ripped deeper into her tiny pussy.  
 &quot;A-r-r-r-g-g-g-h-h-h,&quot; the giant man groaned, as he gave one final
  thrust and buried all eleven inches of his meat into the little Asian's twat.  
 Sharon cried out in both pain and disbelief, as she felt the man's large
  bush of pubic hair scrape onto her inner thighs, and his heavy testicles slap
  against her small, round ass. All eleven inches of Abe's grotesque cock were
  now inside of her, and she could feel  the tip of his
  penis pressing into her womb. The sensation of her pussy literally being stuffed
  full of the man's gigantic penis was too much for Sharon to bear. She knew
  in her heart that there was simply no possible way she could survive another
  rape from the black man.  
 &quot;Oh yea, how does that feel?" Abe asked, wrapping his long fingers
  almost entirely around the Asian girl's slim 22-inch waist.  
 He held his stiff cock inside Sharon for the moment, enjoying the warmth
  of her tight little vagina. It had been a long and rough trip for both of them,
  but now it was over and Abe could lie still and relax for a minute. He was
  already looking forward to fucking the poor 13-year-old in her beautiful ass
  next. That opening was going to be even tighter than her cunt was, and Abe
  could hardly wait to tear it open and hear the young girl scream for him again.  
 &quot;Please, take it out,&quot; the slender Asian groaned softly, her usual
  angelic features now twisted into an expression of pure misery.  
 Sharon simply could not believe the events that had unfolded in just the
  past twenty minutes. Less than half an hour ago, she'd been chatting with her
  closest friends and waiting so eagerly to get inside this club. Now, she was
  tied to a bed and being raped by a man three times her size. Never, in her
  wildest dreams, (or nightmares) did young Sharon think something like this
  would ever happen to her. It was bad enough to lose her virginity unwillingly,
  but to lose it to a man with such an enormous cock made the entire ordeal extremely
  painful as well as degrading.  
 &quot;Okay baby, out it comes,&quot; Abe replied, slowly pulling his beefy
  rod back until only an inch or two remained inside the girl's twat.  
 Then, without any warning, the man slammed forward and drove his cock deep
  into the little 13-year-old. Sharon howled in pain and shock as her battered
  pussy was instantly stuffed full of the man's penis. The feeling of her tight,
  juicy cunt being violently torn open hurt like hell for the young girl. She
  writhed around dismally on the large mattress as the giant man thumped into
  her tender sex once more.  
 Abe now began pummeling the poor Asian, thrusting in and out of the little
  girl with powerful and devastating strokes. Sharon began screaming and thrashing
  with renewed energy, as the man's gigantic black penis pounded into her sore
  vagina relentlessly. The blood from her recently busted hymen provided some
  lubrication for the girl, but nevertheless she was still in a great amount
  of pain.  
 &quot;U-g-h! U-g-h! U-g-h! U-g-h!&quot; Sharon yelped over and over and
  over again, as the man fucked in and out of her with short, but aggressive
  jabs.  
 &quot;Oh yea! Here it comes baby!&quot; Abe grunted, ramming into the girl
  one final time before blasting a thick stream of semen into her little twat.  
 &quot;No! NO!&quot; Sharon cried, squirming around frantically on the bed
  as the man began to cum inside of her.  
 &quot;Please don't,&quot; she begged hopelessly, as Abe ignored the little
  girl and proceeded to dump his hot seed deep into her womb.  
 Sharon was now totally devastated. The first picture that came to her mind
  the instant she'd felt the man's sperm gush into her sex was one of her walking
  around with a belly the size of a beer keg. Not having paid attention to her
  sexual education classes, the naive girl assumed that she was most likely going
  to get pregnant now. Just that horrifying image alone was enough to send her
  bursting into tears.  
 Abe, meanwhile, continued to pump more and more of his sticky cum into the
  little girl's vagina. The man had enough sperm to easily fill up two coke cans,
  and he intended to dump every single ounce of it into Sharon's slim belly.
  He could feel her squirming beneath him, moaning wretchedly as he deposited
  even more of his cum into her pussy. She was shaking her hips in a completely
  unsuccessful attempt to dislodge his cock.  
 &quot;Please! Stop!&quot; Sharon screamed, wincing in misery as a seemingly
  endless river of cum continued to pour out of the man's dick and into her vagina.  
 So much semen had been dumped into her, that Sharon could now feel the sticky
  fluid oozing out of her pussy and down past her anus before it dripped onto
  the bed. The man had stuffed her vagina full with his seed, and now each additional
  drop simply trickled back out of the girl's cum-soaked tunnel.  
 &quot;All finished baby!&quot; Abe declared, as the heavy river of jizz
  slowed to a thin stream before finally dying off completely.  
 Satisfied, the black man yanked his cum and blood soaked penis out of the
  Asian's cunt, producing a sick popping sound as he did. He climbed off the
  bed and made his way to the refrigerator to get a nice cold beer. Sharon, meanwhile,
  lay on the bed completely exhausted. Her glistening body was motionless except
  for the steady rising and falling of her little chest with each gulp of air
  she took. Her vagina was a total mess. Both blood and cum dribbled out from
  the battered organ, mixing together on the bed to form a sick pinkish fluid.  
 &quot;Go ahead Ruth, have some fun with the bitch,&quot; Abe suggested,
  taking a seat on the sofa beside his good friend.  
 &quot;Alright I think I will,&quot; Ruth replied, dropping her can and rising
  eagerly to her feet.  
 &quot;Just don't touch her ass,&quot; the man ordered, giving Ruth a nasty
  grin.  
 &quot;Don't even sweat it,&quot; the redhead agreed, smiling sadistically
  back at Abe, &quot;we both know you're always the first to hit that.&quot;  
 &quot;Aight,&quot; relaxed Abe, sinking into the couch, &quot;now get over
  there and hurt the little bitch.&quot;  
 &quot;My pleasure,&quot; Ruth said, walking quickly over to where the Asian
  girl lay, &quot;okay cunt break time's over!&quot;  
 Sharon lurched her head forward and watched nervously as the large woman
  bent down and began fumbling with the rope around her right ankle. Quickly,
  Ruth untied that knot and the one fastened to the girl's left ankle as well.
  Then she climbed onto the bed and pulled off the last knot connecting Sharon's
  two wrists. Now that she was freed, Ruth grabbed the small Asian girl by her
  hair and began pulling her off the bed.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-h-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon wailed, flailing her arms helplessly
  as Ruth dragged her off the bed and onto the ground by her shoulder length
  hair.  
 &quot;Shut up bitch!&quot; Ruth cursed, violently flinging the 13-year-old
  onto the cold, dirty floor.  
 &quot;U-g-g-h!&quot; Sharon cried, landing on the stone surface with a loud
  thud.  
 &quot;Put these on,&quot; the redhead commanded, tossing the girl back her
  white cotton panties.  
 Sharon reached forward and quickly grabbed the piece of underwear. It was
  now stretched out and completely ruined, but she nonetheless took it back without
  hesitation. Still sitting on the floor, she pulled the thin garment on hastily,
  anxious to cover herself up as soon as possible. The panties felt wrinkled
  and loose, especially at the rear, but she was just thankful to have them back
  intact. She pulled at the underwear in disgust, staring down at the garment
  to see that it was already soaked through with the splats of semen and blood
  that still remained on her cunt, ass, and thighs.  
 &quot;Can I have the rest too please?&quot; Sharon requested, kneeling before
  the redhead like a servant girl.  
 &quot;Don't be stupid little bitch,&quot; Ruth sneered down at the Asian, &quot;we're
  not finished with you.&quot;  
 &quot;What?&quot; Sharon whimpered, staring up at the woman with pleading
  eyes.  
 &quot;The reason I gave you them panties back,&quot; the woman explained, &quot;is
  'cause it's wedgie time again bitch.&quot;  
 &quot;No please,&quot; the little girl whined, sinking down to the floor
  in a heap of total despair.  
 &quot;Turn around cunt,&quot; Ruth ordered, stretching her arms down and
  pinning the slender Asian onto her stomach.  
 &quot;No! Please just let me go!&quot; Sharon begged, struggling furiously
  as the strong redhead cuffed her two wrists together behind her back.  
 The woman then grabbed Sharon's thin right ankle and locked it into one
  end of a 36-inch, steel spreader-bar. Next, she swiftly seized the girl's left
  ankle, wrenching it back until it was far enough to latch into the other end
  of the bar. When this was accomplished, the redhead stuffed her hands into
  the girl's armpits and hoisted her slim little body high into the air.  
 &quot;No,&quot; Sharon gasped, shaking her head and staring fretfully as
  she was carried toward the gigantic man resting on the sofa.  
 Abe could feel his cock rapidly elongating as Sharon approached closer and
  closer. The mere sight of the girl's long, perfect legs being stretched wide
  apart to reveal her concealed yet defenseless crotch made him want to throw
  her onto the bed and rape her again right this instant. Her slender, petite
  body looked lovelier now than it ever had before.  
 &quot;Down bitch,&quot; Ruth said, lowering the Asian onto a large coffee
  table directly in front of the sofa.  
 The woman then positioned the girl so that she was bent over the edge of
  the table with her round little ass pointing straight back at Abe. The image
  was almost an exact replica of the one at the dinner table twenty minutes ago,
  when the two bouncers had given Sharon the first wedgie of her life. This time,
  however, the girl was kneeling instead of standing and her gorgeous lean legs
  were held far apart by the steel bar.  
 Stooping down directly behind the little Asian, Abe pressed his large, sweaty
  palms onto the girl's firm tiny ass. Sharon squirmed and groaned as the man
  then began roughly squeezing her buttocks through the thin sheet of underwear.
  She involuntarily started gyrating her hips in a very erotic manner, causing
  both Abe and Ruth to become even more excited.  
 "Hurry," the redhead urged, gazing down hungrily at the 13-year-old's gorgeous
  ass, "give it to her."  
 &quot;Okay,&quot; Abe smirked, reaching down and making a fist around the
  13-year-old's soft, crumpled underwear.  
 "No," the little Asian groaned, shaking her head miserably as she felt the
  base of her panties slowly creeping up into her ass-crack.  
 "U-g-g-h-h-h-o-o-o!" Sharon shrieked, jolting around on the table as the
  black man yanked fiercely up on her panties.  
 With her body bent over the table and her tan shapely legs spread wide apart,
  the tiny 13-year-old was in the perfect anal sex position. From behind, Abe
  had an incredible view of the girl's lovely ass and even lovelier legs. The
  little Asian's buns were so round and firm, and they were perfectly accentuated
  by the string of underwear that was riding up between them. The black man had
  the girl's panties so tautly stretched, that it looked like she was wearing
  a skimpy little thong.  
 "Oh yea I know you love wedgies don't you Sharon?" Abe laughed, nestling
  his body right next to the seventh-grader and bending forward so that he could
  whisper into her ear.  
 "No-o-o-o-o-o-o!" Sharon objected, wriggling around on the coffee table
  as the black man jerked up on her panties a second time.  
 Sharon thrashed and squirmed around as much as she could, but there was
  simply nothing she could do. Abe had her legs and hips jammed against the heavy
  table, and Ruth was pinning her upper torso against its surface. The girl's
  arms were tied together behind her back, and her legs were locked onto the
  spreader-bar. Once again, she would just have to sit and wait until the two
  bouncers were finished with their business.  
 "You like that?!" Abe screamed, wrenching up on the panties with both of
  his hands.  
 Sharon squealed miserably, as the thick strand of cotton scraped harshly
  against her aching vagina. Her sex was still incredibly sore from the earlier
  rape, and each time Abe tugged on her panties, it hurt like hell. Her mind
  was being flooded with sensations of fear, pain, and frustration and she thought
  she was going to blackout.  
 Abe continued to give the poor girl a wedgie for almost five more minutes.
  It was incredibly erotic and entertaining each time he yanked on the Asian's
  panties and she screamed for him. The wedgie was a prank reserved for male
  locker rooms and immature high school jocks. Females would never take part
  in such a senseless act, and most guys would never dare give one to another
  girl.  
That very fact was why Abe found it so amusing
  to administer one to little Sharon. She was a sexy 13-year-old Asian and the
  exact opposite of a typical wedgie victim. But nevertheless here she was practically
  butt-naked and on her knees with her legs spread like a whore, suffering the
  most painful wedgie in all of history. Abe knew that the girl had probably
  never endured a wedgie in her life, and he planned on giving her many more
  to make up for lost time.  
"Ruth," said the black man, pausing momentarily
  to ask a question, "we still got that big wall of sandpaper in the closet?"  
"Yea," the redhead replied with a wicked grin.  
"Go get it and hang it up," Abe ordered, "I'll
  keep this little bitch busy."  
"Sure," obeyed Ruth, climbing to her feet and running
  to the closet.  
"I think we're finished punishing this sweet little
  ass for now," Abe murmured into the girl's ear, "now it's time to have a little
  fun with your tits."  
"No," Sharon groaned weakly, barely even acknowledging
  the man's words.  
"All finished," Ruth called, as she laid a huge
  8-foot-by-8-foot sheet of sandpaper onto one of the room's walls and taped
  it down with four pieces of duct tape.  
"Let's go baby," Abe ordered, yanking up on the
  girl's underwear and forcing her onto her feet.  
"No, please," whimpered Sharon, trembling in fear
  as she was half-carried and half-dragged by her panties to where Ruth awaited.  
 "I'll go first," Abe said, looking at his friend for acquiescence.  
 "Sure," agreed the redhead, "just leave some for me okay?"  
 "No sweat," the black man replied.  
 "Okay let's go," he commanded, dragging the little Asian girl towards the
  wall.  
 "No, what're you doing?" Sharon gasped, staring at the rough blanket of
  sandpaper in fear.  
 "We're just gonna warm up your little titties that's all," Abe explained,
  pushing the 13-year-old forward until only her breasts were firmly pressed
  against the wall.  
 The black man then situated himself directly behind the little girl and
  wrapped both of his hands onto her fragile ribcage. Realizing now what the
  man was preparing to do, Sharon began hysterically screaming and squirming
  in the man's grip. But with her hands cuffed behind her and her legs attached
  to the 36-inch spreader-bar, there was little she could do.  
 "No please, please," she whimpered, as the muscular black man slowly pushed
  her body up the wall.  
 "Please stop, it hurts," Sharon begged, as her small breasts were dragged
  against the gritty surface.  
 Abe continued to sluggishly force the Asian's body higher and higher onto
  the wall. Sharon groaned in agony as the rough sheet of sandpaper grinded away
  at her soft, tender flesh. It felt like the skin covering her breasts was slowly
  being grated off. The two tits were now being stretched downward, with the
  upper halves of them absorbing almost all of the burn. When his long arms could
  reach up no higher, Abe stopped lifting the little girl and held her in the
  air for a few seconds. Then, he loosened his grip on the 13-year-old's ribs
  just enough to send the girl plummeting back down to the floor.  
 "A-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!" Sharon shrieked, twisting around
  in agony as her small, A-Cup breasts were ferociously scraped against the sand
  wall.  
 "Damn Sharon, that must've hurt!" Abe laughed, catching the Asian girl just
  before she hit the floor.  
 He hastily spun little Sharon around so that he and Ruth could examine the
  damage that had been inflicted on the 13-year-old's undeveloped tits. The upper
  half of the girl's normally tan chest was now a light pink color, while the
  lower half was slightly darker and decorated with a few minor scratches. Abe
  pressed one of his hands onto the skinny Asian's breasts and held it for several
  seconds. The flesh was warm, but there were no serious wounds and the girl
  could definitely take some more.  
 "That's nothing," Ruth sneered, staring at the Asian's breasts apathetically, "give
  it to her some more Abe."  
 "No! Don't!" Sharon screamed, writhing about frantically as the man turned
  her back around and forced her against the wall.  
 Abe planted his hands back onto the girl's ribs and pressed her tits against
  the rough sheet even harder this time. Sharon groaned and whimpered as she
  was pushed up the terrible wall once more. Like before, the ascending trip
  inflicted most of the damage on the girl's upper breasts, but this time the
  pain was much worse. The first climb had eroded a good amount of the 13-year-old's
  outer skin, and now the 20-grit sandpaper really began to scrape her breasts
  raw. Abe was pushing the Asian's little tits against the wall so powerfully,
  creating an enormous amount of friction between the rough surface and her own
  tender breasts.  
 "U-u-u-g-g-h-h! No!" Sharon howled, kicking her spread legs back at the
  man and thumping the steel spreader-bar painlessly against his belly.  
 "Damn that sounds painful," Ruth commented, as the sick sound of the girl's
  breasts being grated against the sandpaper could clearly be heard.  
 "Yea," Abe replied, shoving the girl's 94-pound body up a few more inches, "but
  I think she's liking it."  
 "Let me down!" Sharon roared, kicking aggressively back at the vicious man
  holding her.  
 "You want down?" Abe asked, raising the little Asian as high as he could.  
 "Yes, please yes," moaned the 13-year-old.  
 "Okay then, down you go," Abe responded, yanking the girl back down as quickly
  as he could.  
 "A-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-w-w-w-w-w!" Sharon screeched, jolting around feverishly
  as her raw breasts were sadistically dragged down the rough wall.  
 The poor girl felt like her tits were literally being shredded off of her
  body. Never in her life had she ever, ever experienced pain like this before.
  She could believe that these people were cruel enough to kidnap her. She could
  believe that these people were nasty enough to strip her and rape her. But
  this shit? How on earth could anyone be so heartless as to do something like
  this to a girl? She knew now that there was absolutely no limit to how cruel
  these two bouncers could be.  
 "Okay, let's check how you're holding up," said the black man, twisting
  Sharon around to observe her small tits once again.  
 "Ouch," Ruth remarked, staring at the 13-year-old's chest in fascination.  
 Sharon's breasts looked much worse now than they had just a moment ago.
  Both of her tits were now almost completely bright red, and they were already
  beginning to puff out. The skin above her nipples was marked with a few scratches,
  while the skin below was crimson and scraped everywhere.  
 "It's nothing," snickered Abe, staring down at the little Asian's swollen
  chest, "you can take some more can't you?"  
 "No! No I can't! Please!" Sharon quickly answered, gazing up at the black
  man in both fear and disbelief.  
 "Sure you can," he encouraged, whirling the seventh-grader around and slamming
  her back into the wall.  
 "No! Please! Please!  " Sharon begged, drops of tears
  flowing down her cheeks as she felt her inflamed tits compressing beneath the
  sheet of sandpaper once more.  
 "U-u-g-g-g-h-h-h," the young Asian groaned, wriggling around desperately
  as Abe hurriedly forced her lightweight body up along the sharp wall.  
 Numerous times Sharon planted the tips of her feet onto the gritty surface
  in an unsuccessful attempt stop the man's endeavor, or at least to slow it.
  But she was much too light and Abe was much too strong for her efforts to have
  any effect. He easily lugged her up the wall, and the only thing she could
  do was wait while her breasts were slowly shredded away.  
 "You ready to come down?" Abe asked, holding the slender girl high in the
  air.  
 "Please," the little Asian replied, squirming around as her tiny feet dangled
  nervously a good three feet above the floor.  
 "I'll take that as a yes bitch," said the black man, swiftly hauling the
  13-year-old back to the floor.  
 "A-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!" Sharon squealed, as her breasts were chafed
  against the sandpaper to complete the third cycle.  
 "The little bitch keeps sticking out her feet to slow down the burn," Ruth
  scowled angrily.  
 "Then I think we're gonna have to change that," the black man replied irritably.  
 "You think you're smart bitch?" Abe demanded, glaring down at the young
  girl angrily.  
 "No," Sharon sobbed, staring back at the man hatefully.  
 "Get your fuckin' ass down," he ordered, grabbing the Asian girl by her
  hair and throwing her to the floor.  
 "Ruth, get this little stuck-up cunt on her stomach."  
 The redhead bent down and rolled Sharon over onto her belly, placing both
  hands on the girl's back to keep her still. Abe then stepped over the 13-year-old's
  body until he was standing directly above her with himself facing her feet,
  and her slim figure between his own legs. He then stooped down and wrapped
  his hands completely around both of the girl's thin calves, directly above
  the spreader-bar's cuffs. Finally, as Ruth released the girl, he gave a swift
  tug and lifted little Sharon completely off the floor and into the air.  
 "Much better," said Abe satisfactorily, as he held the dangling girl a few
  inches atop the ground.  
 Ruth could feel herself getting wet just looking at the beautiful 13-year-old
  suspended upside-down helplessly. The girl's black-auburn hair was hanging
  down towards the floor, completely exposing her lovely unmarked back and shoulders.
  The piece of underwear was still tightly lodged up her ass, making the garment
  appear more like a thong than a pair of panties. Standing a few feet away,
  the redhead was able to see the girl's face along with every inch of her sexy
  little body.  
 From an aerial view, Abe loved what he saw as well. With her ankles still
  encaged 36-inches apart, Sharon's legs were spread wide open and Abe was practically
  drooling staring down at her goods. The bunched up strand of underwear was
  like a thin snake that traveled up the girl's ass-cheeks and onto her cunt
  before smoothing out to the triangular shaped cloth that concealed her little
  bush. The cotton cord was very narrow and Abe could see that it barely covered
  the skinny Asian's cunt and anus. He could hardly wait to rape the lovely 13-year-old
  again, but right now he still had a little unfinished business to attend to.  
 "Ruth, I'll hold the bitch while you press her little tits against the wall," he
  explained, "then I'll pull and this little slut's gonna fuckin' sing for us."  
 "Cool," the redhead replied, squatting down to get to work.  
 She positioned herself directly behind the girl, so that she was crouching
  between Abe and the young seventh-grader. The redhead then placed both of her
  hands onto Sharon's upper back and shoulders, and pushed the girl forward until
  her small round breasts were mashed against the sandpaper wall once more.  
 "You can't use your little feet now can you bitch?" Abe asked, chuckling
  at the skinny Asian's misfortune.  
 "Well too bad," said the black man almost apologetically, "'cause you're
  gonna want to real soon."  
 Right after that statement, he yanked up on Sharon's perfect legs, and she
  screamed as her chest was slashed up some more. She was pulled back up along
  the rough sheet again, and Ruth pushed forward with her arms to ensure that
  the girl's breasts were pinned against the surface the whole time. The young
  Asian screamed and twisted in the air, as the extremely coarse sandpaper tore
  at her sore tits again.  
Abe continued to pull hard all the way until he
  couldn't raise his arms any higher. Ruth then stuffed her hands into the 13-year-old's
  armpits, while still applying enough pressure to keep the girl fastened to
  the wall. After she'd done that, the redhead simply gave one ferocious wrench
  on the little Asian that sent the girl sliding back towards the floor.  
 "U-u-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon wailed, bucking around as her blazing tits
  were once again set on fire.  
 This time, however, the two bouncers did not stop and turn the girl around
  to inspect her breasts. Instead, as soon as Ruth was done towing the slender
  13-year-old towards the floor, Abe yanked up on her ankles and hauled the little
  Asian back up the sand wall. Likewise, Ruth jerked poor Sharon downward each
  time she saw that the black man could not hoist the girl any higher.  
 They proceeded to execute this little motion for over a minute, which to
  Sharon, seemed like an eternity. The two bouncers moved her up and down the
  sheet of sandpaper, using her small chest like it was a two-man saw. She screamed
  piercingly, jerking around as her skin was literally scraped off her breasts
  and onto the rough surface. She felt like her entire tits were slowly being
  melted off of her body.  
 Abe and Ruth, on the other hand, were having a blast torturing the 13-year-old
  and her little A-Cup breasts. It was extremely arousing for both of them to
  just watch the little Asian girl twist and squirm in complete agony. She had
  such a small and gorgeous body, and it was so much fun to torture it. If he
  leaned his neck forward and looked straight down, Abe could actually see the
  13-year-old's soft breasts being squashed against the gritty wall.  
 "Okay stop," the black man ordered, after he and Ruth dragged the poor girl
  across the sandpaper for what must've been the 20 th  time.  
 "I think she's had enough for now," stated Abe, lowering the exhausted and
  agonized Asian back to the floor.  
 "We don't wanna damage the goods," explained the black man, "'cause we might
  have to sell the bitch."  
 "You're right," Ruth agreed, smiling insatiably down at the little Asian
  but nodding her head in approval.  
 Sharon moaned in total anguish as the black man slowly placed her down onto
  her back. The little Asian did not want to look at her breasts, but she simply
  could not keep her eyes from shifting onto them. She took one look down at
  the ravaged lumps of meat, and then began sobbing uncontrollably. The fiery
  pain in her chest seemed ten times as bad after she'd examined the two mounds
  of flesh.  
 Every inch of the poor girl's firm, little breasts were now bright red and
  noticeably swollen. They were both marked with dozens of long, ugly scratches,
  and even a few small blotches of blood leaked from several places where the
  skin had actually been broken. The 13-year-old's tits were certainly wounded,
  but there was no permanent damage and Abe figured that they'd be completely
  healed in no more than five days, which is how long he planned on having the
  lovely Asian anyways.  
 "Get up bitch," Abe demanded, kicking the skinny girl in her ribs, "it's
  time for some ass-fuckin'."  
 "U-n-n-g-g, no," moaned Sharon groggily, as the black man seized her shoulder-length
  hair and pulled her slowly onto her feet.  
The agonized seventh-grader whimpered softly as
  she was hurriedly dragged back onto the filthy king-sized bed. She wriggled
  around uselessly as Abe lugged her skinny body to the center of the mattress
  and forced her into a semi-doggy style position. The sexy little Asian was
  resting on her knees and her tight little ass was poking straight back at Abe,
  but her hands were still cuffed firmly behind her back, thus disabling her
  from completing the true doggy-style position.  
"Ruth," the black man called, gripping his large
  hands onto the 13-year-old's hips for stability, "come get up in front and
  put this little bitch in your thigh-lock."  
"Sure," the redhead obeyed, climbing onto the bed
  and squatting down in front of the little girl.  
Sharon groaned confusedly as the woman knelt down
  and suddenly sandwiched the girl's head between her legs. She groaned louder
  and more painfully as the redhead then began squeezing her thick muscular legs
  together. The poor 13-year-old felt like her neck was slowly being crushed,
  and she was already beginning to blackout. Her head was fixed securely in place,
  and the only thing she could see was the woman's knees and a thin patch of
  mattress between them.  
"Not too hard, she's gonna faint," Abe warned,
  as he watched the woman tighten her grasp on Sharon's frail neck and head.  
Right as soon as the man finished talking, Sharon
  felt the lock around her neck loosen considerably. She also felt Abe's hands
  leave her hips an instant before they were back on her wrists and fumbling
  with the steel handcuffs. In a few seconds, the black man unlocked the cuffs
  and threw them absently onto the floor. He then pulled a 6" switchblade from
  his pocket and used the weapon to make two snips on the waistband of Sharon's
  white cotton underwear. When he'd done that, he yanked the girl's panties away
  from her body and threw the ruined garment to Ruth, who caught it eagerly and
  stuffed it into her jeans.  
Once again, the slim young Asian was butt-naked
  with her two tiny holes terrifyingly vulnerable and pointing straight back
  at the black bouncer. With the spreader-bar stretching her legs 36-inches apart,
  Sharon could feel  the man staring down at her magnificent
  bottom. The two cheeks were already parted halfway, and Abe now used his fat
  thumbs to pry them wide open.  
"Damn, look at that," Abe remarked, gazing hungrily
  down at the 13-year-old's tiny, brown anus.  
"No, no, no," Sharon whimpered repeatedly, wiggling
  around in horror as she felt the man press the tip of his cock against her
  virgin asshole.  
"Do it Abe," Ruth encouraged, reaching down and
  steadying the Asian girl with her hands, "rip that little ass open."  
"No don't! Please," Sharon began weeping, "please
  don't do this. Please  ."  
Without saying a word, the black man replied by
  lunging his hips forward and ripping his massive cock into the young Asian's
  ass. Her dry little opening was so unbelievably tiny, that Abe felt every single
  muscle inside the girl's rectum rapidly stretch and stretch and stretch, and
  then tear away when they simply could not stretch anymore. Sharon wailed deafeningly
  in absolute agony. Even Abe, who enjoyed  inflicting pain
  on the girl, grimaced momentarily as he felt his massive penis stretch her
  anus to more than ten  times its original circumference.  
"U-a-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h!!!" Sharon howled,
  beating her little fists hysterically against Ruth's legs as the black man
  grinded his cock deeper into her round bottom.  
 "Oh yea, tear her fuckin' ass apart," Ruth urged, straightening her body
  so that she could watch the man's eleven-inch cock pummel Sharon's small, virgin
  ass.  
 &quot;No! Take it out! Please take it out!&quot; the little Asian squealed,
  clawing violently at the redhead's thighs while she kicked desperately back
  at Abe.  
 The 13-year-old Asian shrieked at the top of her lungs as Abe buried a couple
  more inches of his gigantic meat into her outstretched anus. The pain was unimaginable,
  and Sharon felt like a huge wooden log was being pushed into her ass. The rape
  that had occurred just ten minutes ago felt like nothing compared to this.
  The skinny little girl was thrashing around so wildly that it looked like she
  was having a seizure.  
 A big reason why the seventh-grade girl was suffering so much was the fact
  that Abe was not using any lubricant at all to ease the penetration. He planned
  on using some lubricating gel, but he wanted to see if he could wrestle his
  cock into Sharon's tiny asshole without any help. The only thing that even
  came close to providing any sort of lubrication for the girl was the glob of
  cum that had leaked down onto her anus from the earlier rape. But the leftover
  semen was not a very effective lubricant, especially since the girl's panties,
  which were now buried deep inside Ruth's jean pocket, had soaked up most of
  the man's sperm. Throw in a lack of lubrication alongside Abe's colossal-sized
  penis and Sharon's tiny, virgin asshole, and the total came out to be one extremely
  painful experience for the 13-year-old.  
 The black man and the little Asian both screamed thunderously. Sharon released
  a high-pitched squeal of indescribable anguish, while Abe roared out in total
  ecstasy. He'd fucked quite a few bitches in his lifetime, but none of them
  had an ass that looked or felt even close to as good as this 13-year-old's.
  If there was one girl who had the perfect butt, it was Sharon Tu. Her round,
  firm, golden ass was so exquisitely beautiful, and the fact that it was attached
  to such a small, skinny girl only made it look that much better.  
 As he shoved into her again, Abe wondered in amazement how such a young
  Asian could have an ass that looked this good. He thought of all the countless
  men who must have fantasized about having anal sex with Sharon, and it excited
  him immensely to know that he was actually the first man to live out that fantasy.  
 "A-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h!" the little Asian cried, quivering in agony as
  Abe's monstrous cock tore further into her rectum.  
 Every time the black man thumped into her, Sharon could feel more and more
  muscles shredding away deep inside her anus. The man's dick was literally like
  a tornado that was raging forward and destroying everything in its path. Being
  a young na&iuml;ve 13-year-old girl, Sharon had no clue that people engaged
  in such a thing as anal sex and she found the whole procedure utterly disgusting.
  Not only was it extremely painful to have Abe's dick inside her ass, but also
  it was also immensely degrading for the young Asian.  
 "U-g-g-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h-h!" Sharon screeched, wrapping her frail arms tensely
  around Ruth's broad, muscular thighs as the black man rammed into her once
  again.  
 "A-a-u-u-g-g-h! Yea! You like that bitch?" Abe moaned, kneeling low to the
  bed so he could thrust his cock deep into the slender 13-year-old.  
 "Oh God, please," moaned Sharon, trembling in pain as she felt the man's
  massive penis work its way further up her ass and toward her belly.  
 "A-a-g-g-h-h!" Abe roared, giving one final shove and burying all eleven
  inches of his meat into the young Asian's shit-hole.  
 "U-u-u-c-k!" Sharon cried in disgust, as she felt the man's thick bush of
  pubic hair scrape against her tiny ass.  
 "God you're beautiful Sharon," the black man praised, reaching his long
  bulky arms around the girl's ribs and plastering his hands onto her small,
  scuffed breasts.  
 "U-g-g-g-h-h-h! No!" Sharon protested, wriggling around frantically as the
  man began squashing her little tits in his rough hands.  
 Ruth watched in amusement as the skinny little Asian quickly transferred
  her hands from the redhead's thighs to Abe's cruel, strong fingers. The feeble
  13-year-old was clawing and pulling at Abe's hands furiously as he continued
  to crush her petite breasts. The black man was squeezing her chest so fiercely
  that Sharon could actually feel fluids slowly oozing out of her two nipples.  
The poor seventh-grader was wailing in total agony
  now as Abe continued to ruthlessly maul her tender breasts. The excruciating
  sensation of the man's calloused hands abusing her raw, tender chest was almost
  too much to bear for young Sharon. Her sensitive breasts were being tortured
  both internally and externally, as the man used his tough hands to claw and
  smash her little tits. And to make matters worse for the slim 13-year-old,
  Abe began pumping in and out of her ass again in long, vicious thrusts.  
"U-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h! A-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon
  howled, wriggling her skinny body from side to side as the gigantic black man
  resumed battering away at her tiny asshole.  
Abe roared in total joy while he squeezed the girl's
  breasts and bucked his massive dick in and out of her ass. Each time he drove
  his cock deep into little Sharon, she would scream miserably and involuntarily
  tense her entire body. The young Asian's rectum was now bleeding profusely,
  and it allowed the man to drill into her much more efficiently. Abe relentlessly
  continued to pound the 13-year-old's ass, tearing in and out of her until he
  was on the verge of another climax. When he'd reached this point, he extracted
  his eleven-inch monster from the girl's ass and leaned back against the wall.  
"Turn the little bitch around," he said to Ruth.  
The redhead unfurled her thighs from around Sharon's
  neck, and then rose quickly to her feet. Bending down, she wrapped her hands
  around the girl's unbelievably thin waist and lifted her body a few inches
  off the bed. The little Asian did not resist as Ruth slowly rotated her body
  until she was turned 180 degrees and now facing the black man. Laying back
  with his thighs spread and his grotesquely huge cock projecting forward, Abe
  grabbed a fistful of Sharon's hair and dragged the poor girl until her face
  was just inches from his penis.  
"Start sucking right now slut," Abe commanded,
  holding the 13-year-old's head still with his right hand while using his left
  to prod his cock against the girl's face.  
Sharon grimaced in disgust, and turned her cheek
  away just in time to prevent the man from pressing his gigantic cock against
  her soft lips. Nervously, she gazed at the repulsive eleven-inch organ that
  was coated with the blood from her freshly mutilated asshole. The young Asian
  could not believe that Abe was ordering her to blow him off. The idea of giving
  the man a blowjob was far worse than having him sodomize her.  
"Hey cunt," called Abe impatiently, yanking back
  on the girl's hair so that she could meet his cold stare, "start sucking now
  or I swear to God I'll fuckin' beat your tits until they fall off."  
Staring up at the black man with watery eyes, Sharon
  could see that he meant every word he'd just said. As much as she dreaded taking
  his cock into her mouth, the Asian girl knew that she really had no other choice.
  Tentatively, she clasped Abe's cock with both of her little hands and bent
  forward to begin her ordeal when suddenly she felt two strong hands wrap around
  her arms and yank back on them viciously.  
"No bitch," said Ruth, pulling the little girl's
  wrists and cuffing them together behind her back, "only Abe gets to use hands."  
 "That's right Sharon," the black man confirmed, grinning down at little
  Sharon in delight. "Now hurry up and get started."  
 Before she could respond, Abe seized the young Asian's head in his hands
  and brought her face down forcefully onto his long, thick shaft. Sharon cried
  in terror and once again turned her head away barely in time to keep the man's
  penis from plunging into her mouth. Though she knew that she had to suck him
  off, Sharon still could not bring herself to perform the duty.  
 Growing quickly impatient with the obstinate girl, Abe pinched her little
  nose firmly with one hand while using the other one to keep her head perfectly
  motionless. Afterward, he pressed the tip of his penis against Sharon's sealed
  lips and waited anxiously for her to inhale a gulp of air. But once again,
  the 13-year-old thwarted his strategy by parting her lips but breathing through
  her locked teeth.  
 "Damn," Abe condemned irritably, "this bitch really doesn't wanna suck cock."  
 "Here," Ruth replied, reaching around the slender Asian and seizing her
  small breasts in her hands, "this is what happens when you don't listen to
  us fuckin' cunt."  
 "A-a-a-a-a-u-u-h-h-h-h-h!" Sharon screeched, thrashing around as the redhead
  sank her sharp nails deep into her raw, inflamed breasts.  
 Abe felt the little 13-year-old's mouth open wide as she wailed in agony
  and he immediately pushed down on the girl's head, driving his penis deep between
  her luscious lips. Sharon's eyes flew open in shock, as her mouth was suddenly
  stuffed full with the black man's cock. Desperately the young Asian began jerking
  her head back but Abe was using both of his hands to push down on the back
  of her skull.  
 "A-a-a-u-u-u-g-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon groaned in disgust, as she felt the man's
  cock prodding around inside her mouth.  
 Even now, with Abe's penis half-buried inside of her face, the 13-year-old
  still refused to service him. She stretched her jaws open as wide as she possibly
  could, and succeeded in keeping the contact between the man's dick and her
  own mouth as minimal as possible. But Abe did not find the Asian girl's mediocre
  performance amusing, and he let his friend know immediately.  
 "Ruth, this little bitch still ain't sucking," complained the black man,
  staring impatiently at the redhead.  
 "Start sucking right now you little slut!" Ruth commanded, gouging her nails
  deep into Sharon's round A-Cup breasts and dragging them along the tender surface.  
 Instantly, the little Asian screamed in pain and wrapped her succulent lips
  snuggly around Abe's cock. Extinguishing any ounce of pride she had left, the
  young girl began rocking her little head slowly up and down. Her almond eyes
  were now tightly closed and she was grimacing in total disgust as the rancid
  flavor of the man's penis swarmed the taste buds inside her mouth. The disgusting
  glaze of blood and shit and cum that was coated on the man's dick was now smearing
  onto Sharon's lips, and the poor girl had to fight the vomit that threatened
  to explode up her throat.  
 "Oh yea, that's it babe," moaned Abe, holding the 13-year-old's head in
  his gigantic hands like a grapefruit, "use that tongue too."  
 "M-m-m-g-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon growled, quivering as the redhead continued
  to scrape away at her stinging chest.  
Through the thick cloud of agony shrouding her
  mind, Sharon heard the woman state that she would continue to maul her breasts
  until the girl made Abe cum inside of her mouth. Dying to put an end to her
  torment, young Sharon began to eagerly suck the man's penis. She was bobbing
  her head up and down on the cock like a professional, using her little tongue
  to occasionally lap away at the thick pole.  
The black man briefly considered forcing Sharon
  to deep-throat him, but decided to hold off on it for now. The young Asian
  had obviously never given a blowjob before, and her inexperience clearly showed
  now. Abe, however, planned on transforming the girl into the best little cock-sucker
  in the world. She was going to eat his cock again and again over the next few
  days whether she liked it or not.  
Reclining back against the wall, Abe stared jovially
  down at the beautiful 13-year-old sucking his dick. Her slim, golden body was
  so incredibly amazing in every way. Despite the fact that she was so tiny and
  had very small breasts, Abe still would not have traded Sharon for any model
  or celebrity in the world. And in actuality, her tiny, compact body was the
  very reason why  Abe found the young girl so sexy. She
  had such a slim and adorable figure, and it only made him want to rape her
  forever.  
"Oh yea, keep sucking baby, don't stop," the black
  man groaned, pushing down on Sharon's head and shoving his penis deep into
  the girl's mouth.  
Abe grinned sinisterly as he felt heavy drops of
  tears trickling down onto his thick bush of pubic hair. How cute. The little
  bitch was crying like a baby as he forced her to gobble his fat cock. He couldn't
  restrain it any longer. Groaning in ecstasy, the black man held Sharon's head
  securely in place while his dick blasted a huge stream of cum directly into
  the 13-year-old's mouth.  
"A-a-a-u-u-u-c-c-c-k-k-k!" Sharon gagged, jolting
  her eyes open in absolute horror as the man began pumping his semen into her
  throat.  
Ruth watch with a huge smile on her face as the
  young Asian wildly tried to jerk her head up and away from the black man's
  penis. But Abe was using both of his hands to hold her head firm and steady.
  Wretchedly, Sharon stretched her jaws open as wide as she could, causing the
  thick cum to spill out of her open mouth and back onto the man's cock. The
  instant Abe realized what the girl was doing, he reached down with his right
  hand and cupped it around the slim 13-year-old's cheeks. Sharon growled in
  anger as the man squeezed her jaws together and pressed her lips snugly around
  his fat penis. With his fingers clamping down on her cheeks, there was nothing
  the tiny Asian could do as Abe filled her mouth with his hot cum.  
"M-m-m-m-p-p-p-h-h-h!" Sharon moaned, shuddering
  miserably as the black bouncer spewed more and more semen up into her throat.  
 The little seventh-grader thrashed around furiously
  as her mouth quickly became inundated with Abe's filthy sperm. Sharon was absolutely
  horrified at how much cum the black man was shooting into her mouth. The thick
  stream of gooey juice did not even seem to dwindle away in the slightest, and
  the black giant was squeezing her jaws so fiercely that only a few drops of
  semen managed to leak out between her lips.  
"Get a bowl," the man said to Ruth, pulling his
  cock out of the 13-year-old's mouth after he'd finally drained all of his jizz
  into it.  
Ruth quickly walked over to a nearby dishwasher
  and returned in a few seconds with a large plastic bowl. Abe grabbed the container
  with his left hand and placed it directly in front of Sharon's beautiful face.
  He then unclenched his fingers from the girl's mouth, and observed as she immediately
  hurled his cum back out into the bowl. Abe and Ruth both snickered cheerfully
  as they watched the young Asian cough up his semen like it was toxic waste.
  She was vigorously spitting into the container, burning to get every last drop
  of sperm out of her mouth.  
After discharging as much of the vile fluid as
  she could, Sharon hung her head down shamefully and instantly broke out into
  tears. Not once in her life did the young girl ever imagine she'd be in a nightmare
  like this. An hour ago she'd been so anxious to sneak into this very nightclub,
  and now, the only thing she wanted was to get the hell out and away from these
  two heartless bouncers. In just the past thirty minutes the poor 13-year-old
  had been raped in all three of her openings, had her breasts viciously scraped
  against a sheet of sandpaper, and had been subjected to a wedgie far more painful
  than any nerd could claim to have experienced. Barely thirty minutes had passed
  since her ordeal began, and Sharon was convinced she could not endure any more
  suffering.  
"Okay listen up Sharon," Abe spoke, wrenching back
  on the girl's hair so she could look him in the face, "Ruth here is gonna have
  some fun with you while I take a break."  
And with that, the black man handed the large bowl
  of cum to his friend and quickly climbed off the bed. While he walked over
  to the fridge to get a beer, Ruth set aside the bowl and pulled a large set
  of keys from her pocket. Reaching down, she unlocked the cuffs from Sharon's
  wrists then used a second key to unfasten the two latches on the spreader-bar.
  Ruth then wrapped her arms around Sharon's slender waist and hauled her little
  body off the mattress. Utterly exhausted, the young girl did not struggle as
  she was transported to one of the large wooden dinner chairs near the center
  of the room.  
The redhead quickly lowered Sharon onto the chair
  and walked around the piece of furniture so that she was standing directly
  behind the girl. Immediately she grabbed the 13-year-old's arms and violently
  yanked back on them, causing the Asian to yelp out in pain. Ruth pulled the
  girl's wrists together and connected them once again with the steel handcuffs.
  She then stepped back around the chair and retrieved the 36-inch spreader-bar
  from the floor. Bending down, the redhead latched one end of the bar onto Sharon's
  right ankle, then pulled the steel bar behind the chair's front legs and snapped
  the other end around Sharon's left ankle. By placing the instrument behind  the
  front two legs of the chair, Ruth prevented the girl from lifting her feet
  any more than a few inches, and rendered her legs practically immobile.  
 Satisfied with her handiwork, Ruth turned back around and walked over to
  the bed to retrieve the large container of semen. After inspecting the pool
  of cum for only a few seconds, the redhead could not believe that Sharon had
  retained it all in her mouth. There was at least an entire cup of sperm sitting
  inside the bowl. Dipping her right hand inside the sticky fluid, Ruth now began
  marching back to where the young Asian sat.  
 "No please," Sharon groaned, squirming around pathetically as Ruth began
  squeezing the girl's breasts with her cum-encrusted hand.  
 With a huge smile, the redhead proceeded to smear Abe's semen all over the
  13-year-old's round chest. When the two little mounds were completely drenched
  in cum, Ruth immediately started kneading the gooey liquid into the tender
  flesh. Sharon moaned wretchedly as the warm cum seeped into every tiny scratch
  and cut that covered her two breasts. The salty fluid stung like alcohol as
  it permeated deep into her scalded flesh.  
 "All done bitch," said Ruth, as she finished dousing the girl's tits with
  Abe's sperm.  
 The young Asian watched fearfully as Ruth strolled over to the coffee table
  and picked up a thick leather belt resting on its surface. Sharon's eyes quickly
  grew wide open as the redhead turned back around and slowly began walking her
  way. The 13-year-old could feel her heart thumping wildly beneath her chest,
  and she began to hyperventilate. Never in her life had Sharon been physically
  abused, but now she was about to receive an intense beating by the most vicious
  woman she'd ever seen.  
 "You want me to wipe that cum off your tits bitch?" Ruth asked, towering
  before the little Asian.  
 "Yes," Sharon answered, staring up at the massive woman with two very nervous
  eyes.  
 "No problem sweetheart," the redhead replied, ferociously swinging the belt
  forward and slamming it across the girl's raw breasts.  
 "A-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h!" Sharon wailed, jolting her body in sheer
  agony as the belt smashed down on her defenseless tits.  
 Wasting little time, Ruth cocked the leather strap back and thumped it against
  the 13-year-old's chest once more. Sharon released a bloodcurdling scream as
  the rough belt ripped into her tender breasts and sprayed a dozen drops of
  semen into the air. Her poor little tits felt like they were on fire! Again
  Ruth thrashed the belt across the young girl's chest, savoring the horrible
  sound of leather tearing into flesh. Sharon squealed piercingly, and lurched
  back on the chair as if a thousand volts of electricity had just been zapped
  into her.  
 "No! Please! No more!" the tiny Asian sobbed, writhing frantically around
  as she watched Ruth hoist the strap back again.  
 Ignoring her pitiful pleas for mercy, the redhead pounded the belt into
  Sharon's tits and grinned as the 13-year-old jerked her head back and screamed
  miserably. Ruth watched in delight as the Asian girl desperately tried to yank
  her hands free from the cuffs. But all four of her limbs were held securely
  in place, and there was absolutely nothing the girl could do to save her breasts
  from the assault.  
 "Oh please! Stop it!" Sharon bawled, squirming about on the chair as Ruth
  continued to beat the semen off of her tits.  
 Standing just a few feet behind the redhead, Abe stared at the little suffering
  13-year-old in utter delight. He could already feel his cock beginning to stiffen
  as he watched the slender Asian screaming and writhing around in pure agony
  while Ruth pummeled her little breasts. He was definitely ready to fuck her
  again, but this time he was going to arrange it so that his friend could still
  have her fun with the girl as well.  
 "Ruth stop," the black man interrupted, holding both of his hands out as
  he walked towards the weeping girl, "untie her real quick."  
 Dropping the leather belt, Ruth knelt down and followed the man's instructions.
  She unlocked the spreader-bar from the girl's ankles then shuffled around the
  chair and unfastened the handcuffs as well. The instant her hands were free,
  Sharon placed them atop her breasts and quickly began massaging the swollen
  flesh with her fingers.  
 "Get up bitch," Abe ordered, pulling the seventh-grader off the chair by
  her arm and taking a seat onto it himself.  
 "Okay, now you can sit down baby," said the black man, wrapping his fingers
  around Sharon's thin arms and dragging her towards him.  
 Sharon spun her head around and looked back at the huge man nervously. In
  the meantime, Ruth bent down and curled her hands around the Asian's brittle
  knees. Sharon twirled her head back just in time to watch the redhead lift
  her two legs into the air and high above the floor. She squirmed around apprehensively
  as the woman hoisted her skinny body forward until her vulnerable pussy was
  suspended directly above Abe's fully erect cock.  
"Time for another fuckin' bitch," Ruth taunted,
  leisurely lowering the 13-year-old down onto the thick shaft.  
"No! Please! Please don't!" Sharon gasped, struggling
  violently as she felt the man's gigantic penis slowly ripping into her vagina.  
"Oh yea," Abe moaned, holding the little girl's
  arms while he brutally impaled her onto his cock.  
Both bouncers watched in excitement as Sharon wriggled
  around in the air like a dying fish on a hook. The young Asian was moaning
  wretchedly as she felt Abe's thick penis tearing deeper and deeper into her
  tight cunt. Despite the fact that she'd already been raped a few moments ago,
  it still hurt terribly for Sharon to have the black bouncer spear his massive
  cock into her vagina again. And in truth, there was no possible way she could ever  get
  used to being fucked by the enormous man.  
"Tie her ankles to the chair," Abe commanded, jerking
  down on the slender girl and viciously sinking all eleven inches of his meat
  into her twat.  
"Gotcha," the redhead replied, grabbing the handcuffs
  off the floor and fastening Sharon's left ankle to the corresponding chair
  leg.  
Ruth got to her feet and walked swiftly over to
  a cabinet where she pulled a second pair of handcuffs from one of the drawers.
  She returned a few seconds later and latched Sharon's other ankle to the chair.
  Standing up and stepping back now, the woman stared down at little Sharon in
  awe. The skinny Asian looked so gorgeous with her tiny vagina wrapped cozily
  around Abe's monstrous dick.  
"Now take the belt," instructed the black man, "and
  start beating her tits again."  
"No!" Sharon interjected, thrashing around on the
  man's lap as she instantly processed what he'd just said.  
The 13-year-old watched dreadfully as Ruth bent
  down and picked up the heavy leather belt from the ground. She squirmed feverishly
  around in the man's lap, and every slight movement she made resulted in a tremendous
  amount of pain between her legs. Sharon tried covering her little breasts with
  her palms but Abe grabbed the girl's biceps in his hands and yanked back on
  them furiously, leaving her chest completely exposed.  
"A-a-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h-h!" Sharon screamed,
  thrashing around wildly as Ruth whipped the belt through the air and cleaved
  it into her sore tits.  
"Keep going," Abe called from behind the girl,
  as he pressed his thumbs into Sharon's shoulders and thrust her chest forward
  a few more inches.  
Without hesitation Ruth cracked the rawhide strap
  across Sharon's breasts, wrenching another ear-piercing shriek from the little
  seventh-grader. Abe moaned ecstatically as the young Asian struggled atop his
  lap, grinding her tight little pussy lusciously around on his cock. He kicked
  his thighs up violently several times, causing the 13-year-old to bounce up
  and down on his gigantic log.  
"A-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!" Sharon wailed,
  tensing her entire body as the sadistic woman slammed the leather belt into
  her aching chest.  
"Yes! Keep going! Don't stop!" Abe cheered his
  friend on jubilantly, while the slim little Asian thrashed around in agony.  
Ruth continued to beat the 13-year-old's breasts
  indefatigably for almost five whole minutes. By the time she was finally finished,
  more than fifty terrible blows had landed on Sharon's firm little tits. The
  poor girl's chest was now totally covered with countless thick red welts, and
  the tender flesh itself was horribly swollen. The fact that Sharon had even
  been able to stay conscious during this savage ordeal was incredible. She'd
  screamed piercingly and had cried like a baby the entire time, but nevertheless,
  she'd somehow managed to pull herself through it.  
 "Okay," said Ruth, lowering the belt and allowing
  it to hang harmlessly by her side, "should we turn her around now?"  
"Sure," Abe replied, releasing the Asian's arms
  and smiling at his co-worker to begin.  
Immediately the redhead dropped the leather belt
  and walked over to where the little girl sat. Bending down, the woman quickly
  unlocked both of Sharon's ankles from the two handcuffs. After she'd freed
  the 13-year-old's legs, Ruth stood back up and wedged her hands into the Asian
  girl's sweaty armpits. Sharon moaned exhaustedly as the large woman then slowly
  lifted her skinny body off of the black man's lap and into the air like a toddler.  
"U-h-h-h-h," the barely conscious seventh-grader
  exhaled in relief, as she felt Abe's gigantic penis slowly extracting itself
  from her sore vagina.  
Sharon's respite was very short lived, however,
  as Ruth brought the girl onto her feet before instantly spinning her little
  body around. The redhead squeezed her hands back into the Asian's armpits and
  lifted the girl's 94-pound body into the air once more. Abe followed by cupping
  his large hands around the 13-year-old's slender thighs and pulling her legs
  wide apart.  
"Bring that tight little ass over here," the black
  man ordered, hauling little Sharon back towards his lap.  
"No please, oh God," the skinny Asian sobbed, breaking
  down into tears as Abe fidgeted around with her lower torso until he felt his
  cock press against her tiny anus.  
"There we go," said the man triumphantly, before
  pulling the 13-year-old's legs as wide apart as he could.  
"A-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon screamed, flapping
  around helplessly as both bouncers viciously forced her down onto the massive
  cock.  
"Oh yes-s-s-s-s-s," Abe moaned, as he felt his
  throbbing penis work its way slowly up the Asian's ass.  
The marvelously wonderful sensation of his thick
  cock ripping into Sharon's anus caused the man to groan jubilantly. Although
  he'd torn the tiny hole open just a few moments ago, Abe had never actually
  dumped his semen into it. As a result, the girl's asshole was still incredibly
  tight and very difficult to plough through.  
"Stop! No!" the 13-year-old cried, as she felt
  the man's enormous cock shatter the remaining rings of muscles around her bloody
  rectum.  
"Oh God yea!" Abe roared, yanking down on the girl's
  legs and spearing his penis deep into her asshole.  
"A-a-a-a-o-o-o-o-w-w-w-w!" Sharon screeched, kicking
  her legs furiously as the black man sank his entire cock into her firm bottom.  
As soon as she was sure the Asian girl was securely
  on the man's cock, Ruth released her and grabbed the two handcuffs once again.
  She then knelt next to the chair, yanked down on Sharon's right ankle, and
  tied it to the corresponding front leg of the chair. The redhead then walked
  around to the other side and did the same with the 13-year-old's other ankle.  
"Now whip the shit out of this little bitch," commanded
  Abe.  
"I'd be glad to," the woman replied, reaching down
  and seizing the leather belt once more.  
She stared yearningly at the skinny little Asian's
  smooth, golden back. Unlike most teenage girls, this bitch apparently preferred
  to keep her hair relatively short. As a result, it left her entire back and
  most of her shoulders completely exposed and vulnerable to the savage beating
  Ruth was about to give her. Though Sharon's lovely skin was glistening and
  unmarked now, the redhead planned on changing that immediately. She cocked
  the belt back and swung it ruthlessly at the defenseless girl.  
"U-u-u-a-a-a-a-h-h-h-h-h-h!" wailed the 13-year-old,
  wriggling around as the leather strap slammed into her upper back a few inches
  below her shoulders.  
Ruth felt her pussy growing increasingly moist
  as she watched the tiny Asian writhing around in pain. The woman was not by
  any means a lesbian, but there was something about torturing and abusing the
  young girl that Ruth found incredibly exciting. In the past, Ruth had never
  felt an attraction to her victims like she did with Sharon. Perhaps this was
  because of the huge age gap between the seventh-grader and the rest of the
  unfortunate women to fall into the hands of the two bouncers. All the other
  victims had been women in their mid-20s or early-30s. Sharon, on the other
  hand, turned 13 just two months ago and despite her rather scandalous taste
  in clothing, she was ultimately still merely a child.  
 But neither Ruth nor Abe had any intentions of granting mercy to the Asian
  girl because of her young age. In their eyes, she was the sexiest female they
  had ever seen, and the only thing about her that resembled a 13-year-old was
  her small chest. Her legs and her ass, however, were pure dynamite. The girl
  was simply magnificent, and Ruth had so many sadistic plans in store for her.  
 "Don't stop Ruth," Abe beckoned, jolting the redhead out of her trancelike
  state, "beat this little bitch."  
 "No! No more!" Sharon objected, reaching her arms around to shield her back
  from the assault.  
 "I don't think so Sharon," Abe intruded, grabbing both of the girl's wrists
  in his hands and forcing them away from her backside.  
 With her target clear once again, Ruth zipped the belt through the air and
  tore it straight into the center of Sharon's back. The sickening sound of leather
  slicing into flesh filled the entire room, and it was quickly followed by a
  deafening scream of horrible agony. The instant she felt the belt make contact
  with her flesh, Sharon threw her head back and howled as loud as she could.
  The pain was so intense that it felt like someone had taken a razor-sharp knife
  and carved it across the entire length of her back.  
 "Oh yea, shake that tight little ass bitch," Abe encouraged, as the skinny
  Asian involuntarily wiggled her anus from side to side.  
 "A-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h!" Sharon shrieked, tensing her petite
  little body as the redhead pounded the belt into her tender back for just the
  third time.  
 Ruth watched with fascination as the slender 13-year-old thrashed hopelessly
  around on the black man's lap. She was wretchedly kicking her legs as much
  as the cuffs allowed while trying to free her arms from Abe's gargantuan hands.
  Ruth, however, just couldn't take her eyes away from the girl's unbelievably
  tiny asshole. With her perfectly shaped buns spread apart, the redhead could
  literally see Sharon's brown anus wrapped so tightly around the massive black
  dick. The image was almost unreal, as the woman simply could not understand
  how something so big could fit inside something so tiny.  
 "No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!" the little Asian squealed, jolting up as the
  rough leather belt thumped into her again.  
 "Please! Make her stop! It hurts so much!" Sharon begged, staring straight
  up at the black man with two horror-filled eyes.  
 "You heard the girl!" Abe shouted to his friend, "she wants some more!"  
 "No! A-a-a-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!" screamed the 13-year-old, as Ruth instantly
  ripped the strap deep into her lower back.  
 For the next two or three minutes the only sounds being produced in the
  room were that of the belt tearing into Sharon's flesh, and the wonderful shrieks
  of agony raining out of the girl's throat. She was truly suffering, as each
  blow seemed to set her entire back on fire. As she continued beating the poor
  girl, Ruth smiled sadistically as she watched Sharon's once smooth and golden
  back slowly transform until it was a bright shade of red. When she couldn't
  see a single speck of tan skin on the girl, Ruth stopped beating her and set
  the belt down.  
 By this point Sharon was barely conscious and having not enough strength
  to even sit up, her head was resting softly against Abe's broad chest. Her
  throat was completely raw from screaming so much, and now the only sounds emanating
  from her body were a soft, but steady string of moans. After being whipped
  more than 30 times by the muscular woman, Sharon was absolutely devastated.
  Every square-inch of skin on her delicate back was scorching, and the poor
  13-year-old felt like Ruth had literally whipped all the flesh off of her.
  Now that her breasts and back were completely covered with countless thick
  welts, she imagined the end of her ordeal was now approaching. After all, what
  more could these two possibly do to her?  
 "Ruth, untie her legs and tie her arms behind her back," Abe instructed.  
 Without delay, the woman unlocked both of the cuffs around Sharon's ankles
  and used one of them to bind her wrists together behind her back. When she
  was finished, Abe wrapped his beefy hands around the 13-year-old's waist and
  effortlessly rose to his feet with the tiny Asian still planted firmly on his
  dick. Instantly, Sharon pressed her little feet into Abe's thighs and tried
  diligently to climb her way up and off the man's gigantic penis. Her attempts
  were futile, however, as Abe used his grip on her waist to keep her firmly
  in place.  
 "Time for another ass-fuckin' Sharon," taunted Abe cheerfully, as he carried
  the girl back over to the king-sized mattress.  
 Gently, he placed the 13-year-old down onto her back and pressed her little
  body deep into the center of the mattress. Abe then reached back and wrapped
  his hands around the Asian girl's skinny ankles. With an evil smile on his
  face, the black man pushed forward with his arms and watched triumphantly as
  Sharon's lovely legs were first lifted into the air before descending back
  down toward her shoulders.  
 "U-g-h! Stop!" the seventh-grader gasped, as Abe continued to push down
  on her long, slender legs.  
 The more pressure he applied to the girl's legs, the more Abe could feel
  her lower body elevating itself into the air. By the time he was finally satisfied,
  Sharon's feet were pressed firmly against the mattress above her head, and
  her little ass was suspended almost an entire foot off the surface of the bed.
  Her petite body was now practically bent in half, and the poor girl looked
  extremely uncomfortable as she struggled to even breathe.  
 Nevertheless, Sharon succeeded once again in looking incredibly sexy as
  well. Ruth did not even blink as she stared in awe at the little 13-year-old
  trapped beneath a man more than three times her size. The young girl's legs
  looked even more beautiful now that they were completely pinned against the
  bed, and Ruth could not take her eyes away from the monstrous black cock jutting
  out of Sharon's anus.  
 "Oh yea, here we go," Abe announced, as he pulled a few inches of his dick
  out of the girl before brutally slamming it all back into her.  
 "A-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-h-h-h!" Sharon screamed, thrashing around wildly
  beneath the man as he began violently plunging his penis in and out of her
  asshole.  
 It was undoubtedly the most degrading way to rape a girl, and Ruth watched
  as the black man went at it with no mercy. He kept Sharon's ankles tightly
  pressed against the mattress above her head while he used his powerful hips
  to rip his cock in and out of her tiny sphincter. With her arms tied behind
  her back and her legs held down atop the bed, Sharon could do absolutely nothing
  but watch as the huge man brutally fucked her.  
 "You sure as hell got one tight little asshole," complimented Abe.  
 He continued to rape the girl for five more minutes, stabbing in and out
  of her sore anus with relentless fury. Sharon, meanwhile, had her head bent
  to the side and her eyes tightly shut. She was squirming around frenetically,
  and each time Abe thrust his manhood into her ass she yelped out in pain. Her
  once incredibly tight and undamaged asshole was now completely ripped open
  and fresh trails of red blood were pouring out of the orifice and down her
  little butt-crack.  
 "Oh yea bitch," Abe cursed, as he now began ferociously ripping his dick
  in and out of the 13-year-old, "I'm gonna cum in your ass Sharon."  
 "Uh, no," the 13-year-old replied faintly.  
 Seconds after he'd made his promise the black man followed through on his
  word and spewed a massive river of hot, fresh sperm into the little Asian's
  rectum. Sharon gasped in shock, and began shuddering in revulsion as the vile
  liquid flooded deep into her ass. But after having the sick juice pumped into
  her most sacred openings already, the young girl barely resisted as Abe drained
  his cum into her.  
 After he'd finished depositing all of his sperm into little Sharon, the
  black man withdrew his still erect cock from the girl's anus and slowly climbed
  off the large bed. He nonchalantly strolled over to the kitchen to reward himself
  with a cold beer, leaving the devastated 13-year-old to wallow in her misery.
  The tiny, slender Asian was lying statically on her side, and Ruth could see
  trails of blood and semen slowly tricking out of her ravaged asshole.  
 For Sharon, everything that had unfolded in the past hour simply seemed
  like a surreal nightmare now. How on earth was this happening to her? The splendid
  joy that she'd felt with her friends prior to entering this club was now a
  distant memory to the young Asian. Getting raped by a massive black man and
  viciously beaten all over the body with a belt will do that to most 13-year-old
  girls.  
 "She's one hot little bitch ain't she?" Abe commented, as he took a seat
  on the couch next to his redheaded friend.  
 "Fuck yea she is," agreed Ruth, as she stared at the petite naked Asian
  lying motionless atop the bed.  
 "We should take her home soon," the black man suggested, "them stupid little
  friends of hers will start askin' questions real soon."  
 "You're right," the redhead replied. "Let's do it now. You go ahead and
  get the car and bring it around back and I'll load her in."  
 "Aight," said Abe, as he quickly climbed to his feet and began dressing
  himself.  
 When he was finished, the black man removed the sheet of sandpaper from
  the wall. He scampered around the room and collected any other evidence of
  their crime that he could find. After double-checking to make sure he'd left
  nothing behind, Abe grabbed his keys from atop the television and strode quickly
  out of the room.  
 Ruth, meanwhile, grabbed a set of handcuffs and walked over to the mattress
  where the 13-year-old lay. Using the steel cuffs she locked both of Sharon's
  ankles together and then proceeded to wrap the little girl up with the grimy
  bed sheets. When she was finished rolling the Asian into a tight bundle, Ruth
  hoisted the small girl over her right shoulder and strolled out of the room's
  backdoor and onto the club's rear parking lot. The woman took a brief moment
  to glance around the deserted area to make sure no one was watching. Satisfied,
  she scurried over to where Abe was waiting inside of his 89 Ford Taurus. Quickly,
  the woman opened the trunk of the sedan, dumped Sharon's body into the spacious
  area, and slammed down on the cover. After ensuring the trunk was completely
  locked, Ruth opened the passenger-side door and climbed into the car.  
 "Ready?" the black man asked.  
 "Ready."  
 "Let's get the fuck outta here then," Abe declared, stomping on the gas
  pedal and racing swiftly away from the club parking lot.  
 The first thing Abe wanted to do was find an adult toys store. What had
  taken place at the club just now was only an appetizer, and he had much more
  wicked plans in store for young Sharon. The night was just about to begin for
  the little Asian. Countless hours of sex and bondage awaited the 13-year-old.  
 After driving around the city for almost an hour, he finally found a place
  that was open. The lot was completely empty, and Abe recklessly parked his
  large sedan, taking up three spaces in the process. The two bouncers scrambled
  eagerly out of the car and sauntered into the adult store.  
 Once inside, the two captors embarked on a crazy shopping-spree. Abe's cart
  was composed of a 28" rattan cane, several different pairs of nipple clamps,
  a 36-inch spreader-bar, a six-stranded leather whip, and a wide assortment
  of g-strings, garter belts, and panty hose, all of them in size small. Ruth's
  inventory consisted of various leather thongs and bras, a 36-inch suspension
  bar, and a half-dozen dildos ranging in size and shape. One of them, however,
  was simply a monster as it measured 17" in length and 4" in diameter. The redhead
  was going to love ripping it into the tiny 13-year-old.  
 The store clerk gave the two bouncers a very odd look as he rang up the
  bill. Nevertheless, he didn't want to say anything that might offend the huge
  black man, so he wisely kept his mouth shut. The total bill for everything
  came out to be more than $500, and Abe put the entire amount on his credit
  card. The cost for the items had been hefty indeed, but the many hours of fun
  that they would soon provide was definitely worth it. After exiting the store,
  Abe threw the purchased objects into the backseat, and climbed back into the
  car.  
 Their home was in a secluded location quite far away, and the trip back
  took almost an hour. During the drive, the two bouncers chatted excitedly about
  what they should do with the little Asian. The possibilities were endless,
  and they had all the time in the world to fuck and torture her young body.
  The discussion greatly helped in passing the time, and before long Abe was
  pulling his old Ford Taurus up to the front lawn of their home.  
 The old, dilapidated two-story house looked more like a giant shack. The
  wooden frame was heavily splintered and the white paint was practically completely
  peeled from the walls. The windows, meanwhile, were covered almost entirely
  in green moss and algae. Abe had purchased the place from an elderly couple
  for less than ten-thousand-dollars. Although it looked like shit, the place
  was large and the electricity and water still worked for the most part. Most
  importantly, however, the house was situated alone in the woods and the nearest
  resident was more than two miles away.  
 "Home sweet home," Ruth hummed happily, as she and the black man stepped
  out of the car.  
 "Time to check in on our little princess," said Abe.  
 He unlocked the trunk and pulled it open only to find little Sharon sleeping
  calmly inside. She looked so adorable with the sheets wrapped cozily around
  her petite, skinny body. Her angelic face looked so peaceful and her mind was
  unquestionably absorbed in some happy dream and far away from the nightmare
  that awaited her.  
 "Wake up bitch, we're home!" Abe shouted, as he reached inside and wrapped
  up the little 13-year-old in his muscular arms.  
 "Huh, what, where am I?" Sharon asked groggily, still half-asleep.  
 "I said we're home bitch and time for you to get fucked again," repeated
  the black man.  
 "No! No please just let me go! Please I wanna go home!" the young Asian
  sobbed, wiggling around frantically in Abe's arms as he began carrying her
  into the old home.  
 Once inside, the black man walked into the living room and tossed the weeping
  girl onto the dirty carpet floor. Ruth followed shortly after, with the shopping
  bags in both of her hands. She set the recently purchased items against the
  wall and instantly began yanking the sheets away from Sharon's body.  
 "You ready to get raped again bitch?" the woman asked, as she finished ripping
  the large bed cover off of the Asian girl.  
 "No please," Sharon begged, staring fearfully up at the large redhead.  
 Abe, whose dick was once again fully erect and ready for some more action,
  swooped down and snared the little 13-year-old in his thick arms. He carried
  the struggling, naked girl towards the corner of the living room where a large
  queen-size bed awaited. Casually, the black man tossed the slender Asian onto
  the bed like a bag of trash.  
 "U-g-g-h-h! No! Please just leave me alone damnit!" Sharon screamed, glaring
  hatefully at the black man as he began undressing himself.  
 Ruth just laughed as she watched the tiny girl wiggle around on the mattress
  like a worm. Although she was no longer the pure, sweet little virgin she was
  just a couple hours ago, Sharon certainly did not seem too happy with the prospect
  of getting raped again. The young girl was hectically squirming around on the
  bed and staring at Abe in sheer terror.  
 "You look like you could use another hard fuckin'," the black man suggested,
  as he finished stripping and began climbing onto the bed.  
 "No! Don't! Please!" Sharon begged, suddenly breaking down in tears.  
 "Aw, what's wrong little bitch?" asked Abe.  
 "Why are you guys doing this to me?!" Sharon screamed, finally venting her
  anger to the two bouncers.  
 "Remember girl, it was you who put yourself in this mess," the man answered
  coldly.  
 "I just wanted to have fun! I didn't mean to make anyone mad!" roared the
  little 13-year-old.  
 "Well that's too bad, because you did sweetheart," Abe replied, "and that's
  why you're paying the consequences now."  
 "Please I'm so sorry! I swear to God I wont ever do it again, just please
  let me go!" the Asian girl begged.  
 "Sorry, but I just don't think I can stop fuckin' you Sharon," explained
  Abe, "you're just too damn hot."  
 "No! Please! Stop! No!&quot; Sharon shrieked, wiggling around frantically
  atop the bed as the black man descended towards her naked body.  
 Abe grabbed the short chain linking the two cuffs on the girl's ankles and
  quickly unlocked both the bindings. He threw the metal object carelessly over
  his shoulder and smiled as the little Asian kicked at him with both legs, trying
  desperately to keep him at bay. He easily wrapped his hands around the 13-year-old's
  flailing legs just beneath the knees, and with one yank, pried them far apart.
  Abe then wedged his gigantic body between the girl's thighs and fiddled his
  hips around until he felt his dick pushing against Sharon's luscious vagina.  
 &quot;U-g-g-h-h! No! Don't!&quot; the young girl shouted, squirming around
  hysterically as the man prepared to rip into her.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-a-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e-e!&quot; Sharon squealed, as the black
  man thrust forward and rammed his oversized penis deep into her little twat.  
 &quot;Oh y-e-e-a-a-a-h-h-h!&quot; Abe howled, holding the 13-year-old's
  smooth legs against his waist while he used his powerful hips to stab his cock
  deeper into the little girl.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon howled, thumping her dainty
  feet against the man's beefy legs.  
 The tiny Asian continued to scream and struggle as Abe drilled his massive
  penis deeper into her abused cunt. With his arms clutched around Sharon's slender
  legs, the black man had no way of keeping himself elevated above the 13-year-old
  while he raped her. As a result, his sweaty, hairy chest was plastered against
  Sharon's face and his hulking 290-pound body was pressing the little girl deep
  into the mattress.  
 &quot;Oh yea! You like this you little whore?&quot; Abe taunted, as he used
  his cock to loosen the girl's once marvelously tight vagina.  
 &quot;E-g-g-h-h! Please stop!&quot; Sharon croaked, unable to even muster
  a scream as her petite body was crushed beneath the black goliath.  
 &quot;Yea your little pussy is tight as fuck!&quot; Abe growled, drilling
  his cock furiously into the squirming 13-year-old.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon screeched, as
  the black man sank his entire penis deep into her cunt.  
 &quot;Okay Sharon,&quot; Abe panted, sweat glistening all over his huge,
  naked body, &quot;I think Ruth's waited long enough to fuck you.&quot;  
 &quot;U-u-g-g-g-h-h,&quot; the slender Asian moaned in complete exhaustion.  
 &quot;Ruth, get over here and fuck this little bitch in the ass will ya?&quot; Abe
  called from across the room.  
 &quot;Sure will, about time,&quot; the redhead agreed.  
 Ruth quickly began to peel her clothes off, eager to hurry up and rape the
  tiny seventh-grader. Meanwhile, Abe jerked his body to the side and rolled
  over onto his back while still keeping Sharon impaled on his cock. With the
  enormous man finally off her the little Asian exhaled in relief, as she no
  longer had to fight just to breathe. However, Sharon was soon going to be in
  for another horrible shock as Ruth just now finished strapping on a large 9&quot; dildo
  and was heading her way.  
 &quot;Alright baby, time for me to get in on the action too,&quot; Ruth
  snickered, as she strolled onto the bed and knelt down behind the 13-year-old.  
 &quot;Here you go buddy,&quot; Abe said, as he gripped the Asian's slim
  thighs in his hands and spread them wide apart, &quot;fuck her good.&quot;  
 &quot;Thanks,&quot; acknowledged the redhead.  
 Ruth used her thumbs to pry away the girl's round, firm little ass. She
  then used her hips to press the tip of the plastic dildo against Sharon's pink
  anus. The opening was so absurdly tiny that Ruth could not believe Abe had
  somehow managed to squeeze his dick into it. Gently, the woman eased the head
  of the dildo into Sharon's ass while holding the girl's hips still with her
  hands. When the pointed tip was entrenched inside the tiny orifice, Ruth plunged
  forward and used her entire body weight to drive the dildo deep into Sharon's
  asshole.  
 "U-u-u-a-a-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h-h-h!" the little girl screeched, writhing around
  as the enormous rod tore into her anus.  
 &quot;Oh yea scream you little cunt!&quot; Ruth encouraged, gripping the
  13-year-old's slender waist in her hands while using her hips to rip the dildo
  into the girl's butt.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-a-a-i-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e-e-e-e!&quot; Sharon wailed, throwing
  her head back and grimacing in pain.  
 "Oh my God she's so tight!" exclaimed the redhead, as she stared down at
  Sharon's ass in disbelief.  
 "Fuck yea she is," Abe agreed, "best damn ass I ever fucked in my life."  
 "P-l-e-e-a-a-a-s-s-e! No! S-t-o-o-o-o-p!" Sharon begged, as she began thrashing
  around between the two gigantic bouncers.  
 "Aw, the little bitch is cryin' again," Abe teased, releasing the girl's
  legs and rubbing his thumbs up and down Sharon's teary cheeks.  
 The 13-year-old had been crying virtually non-stop ever since her ordeal
  had begun just a couple hours ago. Fortunately, she'd worn very little makeup
  so her face still looked angelic as ever. Even now, with her features twisted
  up into a look of pain, Abe still found the young girl totally beautiful. The
  black man was a pure sadist, and it brought him great pleasure to watch poor
  young Sharon suffer.  
 &quot;Holy shit Abe, she's hella fuckin' tight,&quot; Ruth repeated.  
 &quot;Well look at how fuckin' tiny the bitch is,&quot; the black man explained, &quot;she's
  thirteen years old and she's a fuckin' virgin.&quot;  
 &quot;You mean she was  a virgin,&quot; the redhead
  corrected with a wide grin.  
 &quot;Yea,&quot; Abe agreed, &quot;she sure as hell ain't no virgin no more.&quot;  
 &quot;That's right slut,&quot; berated Ruth, just before lurching forward
  and plunging the dildo further into Sharon's anus.  
 The slender Asian wailed miserably and tried closing her legs but Abe seized
  her thighs once again and yanked them far apart. Sharon could not even believe
  what was happening to her at the moment. She'd always heard of dildos but she'd
  never actually seen one and now a huge one was raping her. It was awful enough
  to have Abe's penis buried inside of her vagina, but now the redhead was cramming
  her own special cock into her sphincter.  
 "U-u-u-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!" Sharon howled, as the large woman thrust forward
  and sank as much of the dildo as she could into the girl's bloody asshole.  
 When she pushed the dildo as far as it could possibly go into the Asian's
  ass, Ruth pulled a few inches of it out before lunging forward and spearing
  the plastic instrument back into the tight orifice. Sharon screamed in pain
  and flailed pitifully around between the two bouncers. The redheaded woman
  was now ripping the dildo in and out of the 13-year-old's anus at a frenzied
  pace, shrieking with sadistic joy as she did. Staring down at the skinny little
  Asian, she couldn't help but feel ecstatic as she hammered away at Sharon's
  beautiful ass.  
 While Ruth violently raped the young girl in her sore rectum, Abe in the
  meantime released the girl's legs and grabbed a phone that was resting atop
  a counter just next to the bed. Too occupied with fucking the dazed little
  Asian, Ruth did not even notice as Abe dialed a number and soon began chatting
  with his friend.  
&quot;Yo what's up Roy,&quot; the black man greeted,
  holding the phone against his ear with one hand while using the other to play
  with Sharon's nipple, &quot;yea it's me, Abe.&quot;  
 &quot;Nothin' much man, what you up to?&quot; he asked.  
 &quot;Yea, it is,&quot; Abe said, answering the man's question of whether
  there was screaming going on in the room.  
 &quot;Yea she's fuckin' hot as hell,&quot; replied the man, answering another
  question.  
 &quot;Dude, just get over here with the equipment and you can see for yourself
  aight?&quot; Abe instructed, not wanting to stay on the phone for too long, &quot;okay
  talk to you in a few minutes then.&quot;  
 He hung up the phone and started playing with both of Sharon's nipples while
  pondering what was going to happen when his friend arrived. When he told him
  to bring the &quot;equipment&quot;, by that he simply meant a few video cameras
  and other useful recording equipment. From now on, Abe planned on taping everything
  that he and his friends did with the little Asian. He knew a man who had some
  connections to several very wealthy and vile men who would pay thousands of
  dollars for an authentic rape video with little Sharon as the helpless victim.
  Abe hoped to fill-up about ten tapes, which would mean Sharon would have to
  endure at least forty more hours of rape and abuse. So far she'd lasted a little
  over two.  
 &quot;Guess what Sharon?&quot; Abe asked, cupping the girl's chin between
  his thumb and index finger.  
 "A-a-a-a-u-u-u-u-h-h-h!" screeched the 13-year-old, unable to focus on the
  man's words as Ruth tore the dildo into her asshole.  
 "You're about to become a porn-star bitch," the man foreshadowed, "does
  that sound exciting or what?"  
 Sharon could barely comprehend that the black man was talking, much less
  decipher what he was saying. To her, his words were just a string of gibberish
  at the moment and the only thing she could concentrate on was the blistering
  pain in her anus. The thick, muscular redhead was raping her so furiously that
  now the entire dildo was covered and dripping with blood.  
 The brutal affair continued for nearly ten more minutes, driving the poor
  little Asian to madness. When the redhead finally expended all her energy,
  she gave a few more thrusts into the 13-year-old's shattered sphincter before
  pulling the dildo out of the bloody opening for good. The woman then reached
  out with her hand and clenched Sharon's hair in a tight grip.  
 &quot;That was fun bitch,&quot; Ruth hissed, yanking back on the girl's
  hair so she could examine her distressed face, &quot;we'll have to do that
  again real soon.&quot;  
 Satisfied for the moment, the redhead stumbled off the bed to get another
  beer, leaving the slender Asian with the black man. In one quick, easy motion
  Abe rocked his body to the side and used the momentum to roll back over onto
  his belly, once again mashing the little girl into the mattress. This time,
  however, the black man held the majority of his 290-pound body above Sharon.
  He was in a half-pushup stance, using his arms to keep his upper torso elevated
  above the petite 13-year-old while keeping his cock embedded inside the girl's
  snatch.  
 "U-n-n-g-g! No! Please!" Sharon moaned, wrapping her long, smooth legs around
  the man's thick, hairy thighs as he began pounding away at her aching vagina.  
 "U-a-a-a-g-g-h-h! Yea! Y-e-e-e-a-a-a-a!" Abe roared, using only the muscles
  in his hips and buttocks to drill his penis in and out of the squirming girl.  
 Much too exhausted from everything she'd already endured, Sharon no longer
  had the power to scream anymore. The skinny 13-year-old simply lay still with
  her eyes firmly shut, crying softly and moaning in pain as Abe ferociously
  raped her tight pussy. A couple minutes later, even as Abe began spewing an
  immense amount of sperm into her belly, Sharon still did not scream or try
  to buck the man off of her. Instead, she remained practically motionless while
  the black man dumped his semen into her little body.  
 "Thanks for another great fuck," Abe panted, caressing the girl's cheek
  for a second before yanking his deflating cock out of her ravaged twat.  
 The exhausted black bouncer staggered off the bed and collapsed onto a large
  leather couch where Ruth sat. Abe could not remember the last time he'd had
  so much sex in just one night. He couldn't even remember how many times he'd
  raped the little Asian. All he knew was that he was tired, sleepy, and definitely
  done with sex for the night. It seemed to him like Sharon had drained every
  ounce of sperm in his balls. Tomorrow, he'd be fully rejuvenated and ready
  for an entire day with the pretty 13-year-old.  
 "I'm done man," Abe said to his redheaded friend, "you can do whatever you
  want with her but I think I'm gonna go to sleep."  
 "Yeah me too," replied Ruth, "we have all day tomorrow."  
 "Yeah," the black man agreed, about to say something else before a knock
  at the front door cut him off.  
 "I'll get it," Ruth said, rising to her feet and walking over to open the
  door.  
 The redhead pulled the door open and stepped aside, allowing the guest to
  enter. Sharon was much too fatigued and sleepy to notice this new stranger
  strolling into the living room. And perhaps it was better for her, because
  this man was not a comforting or welcome sight at all. Like Abe, he was dark-skinned,
  scruffy looking, and quite ugly. That however, is where their physical similarities
  ended. At 6-foot-4 this man was still very tall but a few inches shorter than
  Abe, and while Abe was more on the muscular side, this man was clearly obese.
  With a body that weighed close to 350 pounds, he made the bouncer look almost
  average sized when he stood next to him.  
 "Wassup Roy," Abe greeted, scooting over on the couch as much as he could
  so the man could sit down.  
 "Not much man," Roy replied, setting down a huge box full of recording equipment, "just
  got off work."  
 "You still collectin' trash over at Beacon Hill?" asked the bouncer.  
 "Yeah," Roy answered with a disgruntled tone, "it fuckin' sucks but it pays
  the bills know what I'm sayin'?"  
 "Shit, you need to come work with us," Abe suggested, "hella hot bitches
  like that little cunt over there."  
 Roy quickly shifted his gaze to where his friend was pointing. Resting on
  top of a large bed was a tiny little Asian girl, completely naked with her
  hands tied behind her back. She was barely moving, and it was obvious that
  she'd been raped not too long ago. With her back turned to him, Roy could not
  see the girl's face but judging from her petite figure, he guessed she was
  about seventeen.  
 "How old is she?" he asked.  
 "Thirteen," Abe answered, smiling at his friend.  
 "Thirteen?!" Roy cried in astonishment, "are you fuckin' serious?"  
 "Swear to God," the bouncer replied, "she's fuckin' thirteen years old."  
 "Goddamn!"  
 "Yeah, she's hot huh?" asked Abe.  
 "She gotta nice ass," the garbage-man answered, "but what the fuck is up
  with her back?"  
 "Oh Ruth just had a little fun with my belt," explained Abe.  
 "I see," Roy replied, "I wanna see what she looks like from the front."  
 "Go ahead," Ruth said, motioning the man over to the bed, "I think you'll
  like it."  
 "Aight," Roy agreed, quickly climbing to his feet.  
 He walked over to the other side of the bed and gazed at the young girl's
  face for the first time. Even with her make-up soiled all over her face Roy
  could still distinguish how beautiful the Asian was. She had the kind of face
  that was destined to wind up on the cover of one of those racecar magazines
  some day.  
 "Damn, you beat her fuckin' tits too Ruth?" Roy asked, noticing the welts
  on the girl's chest for the first time.  
 "Yeah," Ruth confessed, "I couldn't control myself."  
 "It's all good," pardoned Roy, "I'm gonna beat her too anyways."  
 "Oh yea," Abe agreed, "we all gonna beat the little bitch."  
 "I'm gonna fuck her now," said the garbage-man.  
 "No wait," Abe said, stopping the black man in his tracks, "come here for
  a sec."  
 "Wassup man, I can't fuck the bitch?" asked Roy, a look of disappointment
  quickly surfacing on his face.  
 "Well I been fuckin' her all night, and I don't think she can take anymore
  right now," Abe explained, "plus I'm about to tell her we done with her and
  that we gonna let her go now."  
 "Okay," Roy replied, nodding his head.  
 "Then tomorrow," continued the black bouncer, "when she wakes up, we'll
  tie her to the bed and fuck her all day. I wanna see her reaction when she
  finds out I lied."  
 "Damn man," Roy grumbled, "I really wanted to get some pussy tonight though
  man."  
 "Dude I hear you man," Abe said, "but I'm tellin' you it wont be any fun
  tonight 'cause she's about to die if she gets fucked anymore."  
 "Just fuck her tomorrow Roy," Ruth suggested, "you got all day to fuck her
  as many times as you want."  
 "Fuck, fine," the garbage-man agreed, after quite some thought.  
 "Aight thanks man," Abe said graciously, "trust me you'll like it a lot
  more when she's kickin' and screamin' tomorrow."  
 "It's cool, only one night anyway," Roy said, telling himself he could wait
  that long.  
 "Aight bitch," Abe proclaimed, scrambling back onto the bed, "wake up bitch!"  
 "Stop, leave me alone," Sharon begged groggily.  
 "Hey, look at me!" Abe shouted, lightly slapping the 13-year-old across
  her face.  
 "A-a-i-i-e-e-e!" the little Asian yelped in surprise.  
 "Listen bitch, we're all finished with you, we ain't gonna hurt you no more," the
  black man said, "you been a good girl so we gonna let you go like we promised."  
 "What? You are?" Sharon asked in disbelief.  
 "Yeah, I think you been punished enough," Abe continued, "you can shower
  up now and go to bed, then we'll take you back home tomorrow morning."  
 "Really?" Sharon asked, as tears began welling up once more in her eyes.  
 "Yeah, I swear," replied the bouncer, as he pulled a set of keys from his
  pocket and unlocked the handcuffs attached to the girl's wrists, "just go upstairs,
  take a shower and clean yourself off good."  
 "Okay," the 13-year-old said quietly, wiping away the tears in her eyes
  with the back of her hand.  
 &quot;The bathroom is on your right when you get up there,&quot; Abe said, &quot;and
  don't you try any stupid shit like sneakin' out, 'cause we will catch you and
  when we do, we're gonna fuck you all day tomorrow instead of lettin' you go.&quot;  
 &quot;No, I wont, I promised&quot; Sharon said quickly, crawling over to
  the edge of the mattress.  
 Abe slid over on the bed so the little Asian had enough space to step down
  onto the floor. He watched as the 13-year-old stumbled across the room and
  up the staircase, constantly turning her head to stare at him and his friends
  in fear. Finally, she disappeared onto the second floor. Inside, he and Ruth
  and Roy were all laughing. They could not believe how naive the girl was, but
  then again, they couldn't blame her for having some kind of hope. Nevertheless,
  she was going to be one extremely shocked and disappointed girl tomorrow morning.  
 &quot;I can't wait to see her reaction tomorrow man,&quot; Ruth smirked, &quot;it's
  gonna be fuckin' priceless.&quot;  
 &quot;Hell yeah it is,&quot; Abe concurred.  
 The three bouncers sat and waited in the living room while Sharon took a
  very long and refreshing shower upstairs. The young Asian shampooed her hair
  three times, and scrubbed every square-inch of her slender body with soap.
  She tried washing herself with warm water at first, but it stung too much for
  her swollen breasts and back, so she chose to use lukewarm water instead. Finally,
  after more than thirty minutes, the 13-year-old finished her shower and emerged
  from the bathroom.  
 "I'm done," Sharon announced, staring innocently down at Abe from the second
  floor.  
 "Good," the black man replied, beckoning the girl down with his hand, "come
  here."  
 Abe, Ruth, and Roy all stared at the little Asian as she made her way slowly
  down the stairs. She was wrapped in a large brown towel that covered virtually
  her entire body. Her beautiful face was no longer smeared with makeup nor was
  it reddened with tears. Standing before the three maniacs, she looked completely
  revitalized and ready for much more rape and pain.  
 &quot;Now before we let you sleep, you're gonna have to do one last thing
  for us,&quot; said Abe, smiling sinisterly at the 13-year-old.  
 &quot;Oh no, please,&quot; Sharon whimpered, terrified at the idea of being
  raped yet again.  
 &quot;Sharon,&quot; Abe interrupted, staring deeply into the girl's eyes, &quot;you
  wanna go home or what?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes,&quot; the young Asian answered quickly.  
 &quot;Then you better do this last thing for us, got it?&quot; Abe threatened.  
 &quot;Okay,&quot; Sharon complied.  
 &quot;Now Roy here wants a blowjob-&quot;  
 &quot;Oh God no, please no more,&quot; the 13-year-old begged, cutting off
  the black man's words.  
 &quot;Ah-ah,&quot; Abe snapped, holding a hand up to silence the girl, &quot;you
  want me to rape you again?&quot;  
 &quot;No,&quot; the little Asian responded quickly.  
 &quot;So are you gonna suck Roy's dick or what?&quot;  
 &quot;Fine,&quot; Sharon complied.  
 &quot;Okay then hop to it,&quot; Abe commanded, &quot;the sooner you start
  the sooner you can go to bed.&quot;  
 Sharon stood and waited for a moment as the black man quickly began pulling
  his pants off. She watched in utter disgust as the obese man struggled to push
  his dirty, stained jeans down his enormous waist. Sharon's expression of disgust,
  however, quickly transformed into disbelief the second she saw the man's penis.
  The girl's eyes were almost bulging out of their sockets as she gawked down
  at the seemingly unreal cock. While the sexual organ was a couple inches shorter
  than Abe's, it was at least a half-an-inch thicker. The thought of sucking
  such a vile thing made Sharon shiver but she was exceedingly grateful for the
  fact that she wouldn't have to take it up her ass or vagina. The slender 13-year-old
  was absolutely positive that she would die if this man were to rape her.  
 &quot;Aight bitch I ain't got all night,&quot; Roy barked, as he finished
  removing his pants and underwear, &quot;get over here and start suckin'.&quot;  
 The black man sat comfortably on the sofa and gestured the girl to come
  over. But Sharon couldn't even move or take her eyes away from the man's completely
  erect cock. Although the huge rod of flesh was so repulsive, the young girl
  simply could not stop staring at it.  
 &quot;Yo bitch!&quot; Abe shouted, snapping the little Asian back into reality, &quot;get
  over there and start suckin' or I'll have him rape you right here right now.&quot;  
 Immediately, Sharon hustled over to the black man and knelt down in front
  of him. She tried to squat first, but couldn't because of how badly her anus
  and vagina were torn. Then, very slowly, she reached forward and grasped the
  man's penis with both of her shaking hands. She tilted the rock-hard shaft
  down until the tip was level with her mouth. Roy smiled excitedly as the Asian
  girl bent forward to wrap her luscious mouth around the head of his dick.  
&quot;O-h-h-h-h,&quot; the fat man groaned, as
  he felt his penis press against Sharon's moist lips.  
 Abe and Ruth both laughed as they watched the girl struggle to get her mouth
  around Roy's cock. When she couldn't, the 13-year-old simply thrust her tongue
  forward and began licking away at the tip of the penis. Roy didn't seem to
  mind. His head was perched back, his eyes were closed, and he was moaning in
  total delight.  
 The look on Sharon's face, on the other hand, was one of total distress.
  Roy's penis smelled terrible, and the little Asian made no attempt to hide
  the expression of disgust on her face. She continued to lick the putrid cock
  passionately, however, in order to get done with the blowjob as quickly as
  possible.  
 &quot;U-u-u-u-a-a-a-g-g-g-g-h-h-h!&quot; Roy bellowed in ecstasy, startling
  the 13-year-old.  
 Sharon gasped as a thick stream of cum suddenly blasted out of the black
  man's dick and onto her face. She instinctively tried to move her head away
  from the projection of cum but she suddenly felt a firm hand grasp her hair.
  The little Asian let out a soft whimper as Ruth held her head completely still
  while Roy sprayed his semen all over her beautiful face.  
 Sharon obediently remained still and did not struggle as the fat man painted
  her face with his cum. The syrupy fluid began streaming down her cheeks and
  dripping onto the carpet floor. A seemingly endless river of sperm continued
  to spew out of Roy's penis and onto her.  
 &quot;A-a-a-g-g-h-h-h, y-e-e-a-a-a,&quot; the black man groaned, as he shot
  the last few drops of semen onto Sharon's face.  
 When he was finally finished, Ruth let go of the girl's hair. Sharon remained
  on her knees and did not make an attempt to get up. Her face was an absolute
  mess, with cum smothered over practically every inch of it. Mixed in with the
  cum were small beads of tears as well.  
 &quot;Well bitch,&quot; Abe said, walking over to the 13-year-old, &quot;that's
  the last cock you're ever gonna have to suck. You're a free woman now.&quot;  
 &quot;That's right girl,&quot; Ruth concurred, pressing her hands into Sharon's
  armpits and lifting the little girl to her feet, &quot;it's time to go to sleep
  now, and tomorrow you get to go back to your normal life again.&quot;  
 &quot;Can you just take me home now please?&quot; Sharon requested, turning
  to look at the large redhead, &quot;I don't need to sleep.&quot;  
 &quot;Well we do,&quot; Abe interrupted, &quot;so we'll take you back tomorrow
  when we wake up. Don't worry, we promised to take you home and we will. Ruth
  is gonna take you to your room.&quot;  
 &quot;Let's go bitch,&quot; Ruth ordered, as she began walking up the stairs.  
 Sharon followed closely behind the woman as she led the way up the old,
  creaky stairs. Once they were on the second floor, Ruth made her way down the
  hall and into the last bedroom on the right. This room was practically empty,
  with just a small, dirty mattress on the floor accompanied by a thin wool blanket.
  Most importantly, however, it had no window to prevent any escape attempt that
  Sharon might make.  
 &quot;Go to sleep,&quot; Ruth instructed, &quot;and tomorrow morning we
  take you home.&quot;  
 &quot;Okay,&quot; Sharon replied quietly.  
 &quot;Goodnight,&quot; Ruth said, before walking out of the room and locking
  the door behind her.  
 Once she was gone, Sharon collapsed immediately onto the dirty mattress
  and broke down into tears. She wept uncontrollably while she wiped the cum
  off of her face with the thin blanket. The horrible events of the night suddenly
  all came back to her like a tidal wave. She simply could not believe what had
  happened to her in the past few hours. Even now, everything just seemed like
  an awful nightmare to the young 13-year-old.  
 But it wasn't a nightmare, and Sharon had no idea how she would resume her
  life when she woke up in the morning. What would she tell her friends when
  she saw them again? Her family? Even though her kidnappers were letting her
  go, she definitely planned on telling the police. There was no way she was
  going to let Abe and Ruth get away with what they did to her.  
 The idea of the bouncers lying about releasing her never really crossed
  Sharon's mind. She did not want to ponder it, since it was just too terrible
  to think about. The little Asian optimistically trusted that they would keep
  their word. She had no clue that the instant she woke up in a few hours, she
  would be in for an entire days worth of rape and abuse. So with her naive hopefulness,
  Sharon fell asleep on the mattress still wrapped in her brown towel and with
  an almost peaceful expression on her face.  
________________________________________________________________________  
 &quot;Hey bitch!&quot; Sharon heard a rough, impatient voice shout.  
 &quot;Ow! What?&quot; the skinny girl yelped, as a heavy foot banged against
  her side.  
 &quot;Get up! Let's go!&quot; Abe ordered, leering down at the girl with
  a disturbingly evil smile on his face.  
 Immediately Sharon thrust aside the wool blanket that covered her and rose
  to her feet. She began covering her naked body with the towel that had gotten
  unwrapped while she slept. When she was done, she followed the giant black
  man as he led the way out of the room, through the hall, and down the stairs.
  Waiting in the living room were Ruth and Roy, as they sat on the couch.  
 &quot;Now Sharon I'm afraid I have some bad news kid,&quot; informed Abe.  
 &quot;Huh?&quot; Sharon replied with a puzzled look.  
 &quot;Well you see,&quot; the black man began, &quot;I want to let you go,
  I really do. But my cock just can't get enough of your sweet little pussy.
  It's just so nice and tight, and I really need to give it a few more good fucks.&quot;  
 &quot;No,&quot; the little Asian whispered, backing slowly away from the
  bouncer, &quot;no, you promised.&quot;  
 &quot;I know I did,&quot; Abe agreed, &quot;but like I said, my cock wants
  your sweet, sweet little cunt.&quot;  
 &quot;No, I wanna go home!&quot; Sharon shrieked, as tears of fear began
  forming in her eyes.  
 &quot;You're goin back on that bed bitch,&quot; declared the man, pointing
  at the large bed in the corner of the room, &quot;and you're gonna get fucked
  like you never been fucked in your life!&quot;  
 &quot;No-o-o-o-o-o-o!&quot; Sharon squealed, bolting for the door.  
 Abe read the move and stepped in front of the Asian's path, blocking her
  exit. He grabbed one of her arms and Roy quickly leaped off of the sofa to
  grab her other one. Ruth stood up and watched in wonder as the two gigantic
  negro men hauled little Sharon off to the mattress. She looked so unbelievably
  tiny as she struggled desperately between the two massive bodies.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h-h! No! Please! You promised!&quot; Sharon screamed,
  as Abe slammed her facedown against the mattress.  
 He held her down on the bed with one hand while he used the other to pull
  off his pants. Standing at his side was Roy, who was also hastily undressing
  himself. Ruth grabbed the camcorder resting on the coffee table, turned it
  on, and began filming.  
 When he finished removing his jeans and underwear, Abe grabbed the towel
  that was still wrapped loosely around the girl's body and ripped it off. He
  threw it onto the floor next to the bed, and then positioned Sharon's squirming
  body so that she was bent over the side of the mattress with her ass facing
  him. Abe gripped the back of the tiny Asian's neck with one hand and held her
  face against the bed while he used his other hand to inch her two ass-cheeks
  apart. The little girl was still screaming and bawling uncontrollably, as the
  swift and completely unexpected change in her fate continued to set in. Much
  to her horror, she was not  going home after all.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-a-a-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e-e! Please! No, not that! Please!&quot; Sharon
  begged hysterically, as she felt the tip of Abe's penis press against her anus.  
 &quot;A-A-A-A-A-U-U-U-U-U-G-G-G-G-G-H-H-H-H-H!&quot; the slender 13-year-old
  wailed, as the enormous black man lunged forward with all of his mighty strength
  and began cramming his cock into her tiny asshole.  
 Abe was astonished at how tight the little Asian's ass still was. He thought
  that he'd completely ripped it open the previous night, but much to his delight,
  it was still quite intact and extremely difficult to plough through. Once again,
  even though there was an old jar of Vaseline sitting on a cabinet just a few
  feet from the bed, Abe chose not to use it as lubricant. He'd used lubrication
  on all the other girls he'd ever raped, but Sharon was different. Sharon was
  much smaller and slimmer than any of them, so Abe found it rather amusing to not  use
  any lubrication on her.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-o-o-o-w-w-w-w! No! Ple-e-e-e-a-a-a-a-a-s-e!&quot; the little
  girl screamed, tears of misery coursing down her soft cheeks.  
 Ruth stood off to the side of the bed and continued to record the brutal
  rape on film. Though she'd already seen it several times now, the image of
  her friend sodomizing the little Asian always left her flabbergasted. It truly
  was amazing how his enormous dick could actually squeeze into such a tiny,
  tiny anus. Ruth zoomed the lens in to capture a close-up shot of Sharon's severely
  outstretched sphincter. After a few seconds, she zoomed out again to show the
  black man crushing the little Asian against the side of the mattress.  
 Abe released the girl's neck and wrapped both of his gigantic hands around
  her slender waist. He then simultaneously yanked Sharon's body back towards
  him and bucked forward with his hips, spearing his penis deep into her ass.
  Much to his delight, the black man actually felt more tissues of flesh ripping
  apart inside the poor girl's anus. Sharon apparently felt it too, as she emitted
  an earsplitting scream that echoed throughout the entire house.  
 &quot;Fuck yea,&quot; Abe groaned happily, as he jerked the girl back onto
  his cock once more.  
 &quot;A-a-a-u-u-u-g-g-g-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon cried, feebly kicking back at
  the man with her legs.  
 A terrible sound of skin ripping filled the entire room as Abe ferociously
  slammed his entire penis into the little Asian's rectum. The young girl instantly
  flipped her head back and howled in indescribable agony. Ruth zoomed in with
  the camcorder, capturing an image of Sharon's horribly outstretched anus. Several
  thin lines of blood were already starting to leak out of the hole.  
 &quot;Yea bitch,&quot; Abe grunted, as he leaned forward and pressed his
  hot, sweaty body against the petite Asian, &quot;you still got a tight little
  ass bitch.&quot;  
 &quot;Please! No more!&quot; Sharon sobbed.  
 Holding her hips in his hands, the black man rammed his dick in and out
  of the little 13-year-old's ass a few more times. He executed his motions slowly,
  to prevent himself from cumming too early. When he was finished fucking the
  skinny Asian, Abe held her tiny body against him and rolled over onto the mattress.
  He was now lying on his back on top of the bed with young Sharon still impaled
  on his cock.  
 &quot;Aight Roy, you waited long enough,&quot; Abe said, as he gripped Sharon's
  thighs and spread them apart to reveal her delicate pink vagina, &quot;get
  over here and fuck this little whore.&quot;  
 &quot;U-u-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h! No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!&quot; Sharon screeched,
  thrashing around like crazy as she watched the obese man approach with his
  elephant-sized penis.  
 &quot;Oh yea, time to get me some of that delicious Asian pussy,&quot; Roy
  declared jubilantly, as he strode up to the bed and stared ravenously down
  at Sharon's helpless cunt.  
 &quot;No! Please! Please! Please!&quot; the young Asian begged repeatedly,
  unable to remove her bulging eyes from the man's gigantic penis.  
 Abe had positioned the girl perfectly, so that her pussy was situated right
  at the edge of the bed. This way, the only thing Roy had to do was line his
  cock up with the 13-year-old's twat and bang away. He didn't even have to climb
  onto the mattress.  
 &quot;Goddamn man,&quot; Roy remarked, as he hunkered down and pushed the
  head of his ridiculously large penis against the Asian's tiny sex, &quot;it
  ain't gonna fuckin' fit man.&quot;  
 &quot;Man just make  it fit, shit," Abe replied.  
 &quot;No, please, don't do it,&quot; Sharon begged desperately, quivering
  in terror, &quot;it's too big.&quot;  
 Paying no attention to the girl's pleas, Roy prepared to himself to fuck
  the living daylights out of the little Asian. Using his arms, he held himself
  above the terrified 13-year-old in a pushup stance. Nevertheless, his hairy
  chest was just inches away from Sharon's face, and the terrible stench of sweat
  emanating from his body made her grimace in disgust. That disgust quickly transformed
  into horror, however, as Roy began stuffing his penis into the little girl.  
 Ruth was now standing right next to Roy, and she held the lens of the camcorder
  just a couple feet away from the bedlam between Sharon's thighs. The redhead
  wanted to capture the unbelievable 3-way in as much detail as possible. She
  watched with wide-eyed fascination as the fat black man fell forward and used
  his entire weight to force his penis into the small 13-year-old. Ruth could
  see a pronounced curve at the center of Roy's cock as it struggled to squeeze
  itself into the Asian's tiny vagina.  
 "A-A-A-A-I-I-I-I-I-I-E-E-E-E-E-E!!!" Sharon wailed, thrashing about frenziedly
  as the man's cock somehow began penetrating her sex.  
 Abe laughed as the skinny Asian struggled to free herself from Roy's onslaught.
  He grabbed her arms and locked them together behind her back, consequently
  restraining her movements for the most part. Nevertheless, Sharon continued
  to resist with all her strength.  
 Ruth quickly shifted the lens from Sharon's twat up her body and onto her
  face. She held it there for a few seconds, recording the image of the girl's
  distraught, agonized face onto tape. Tears coursed down her cheeks as she continued
  to scream and sob in misery. The redhead kept the camera focused on Sharon's
  face for a couple more seconds, then moved it back just in time to capture
  a great shot of Roy's penis bursting into the Asian's twat.  
 "Goddamn bitch, you're too fuckin' tight!" Roy exclaimed, as he fought mightily
  to get each inch of his cock inside the young girl.  
 Sharon screamed in horrible agony as the man's unbelievably huge penis forced
  its way into her. The searing pain at her vagina was even worse than when Abe
  had taken her virginity the previous night. The man's whale-of-a-cock was literally
  stretching out her cunt far past its physical constraints, and Sharon could
  feel every fiber of tissue inside her sex tunnel being torn to shreds. The
  only thing the girl knew at the moment was pain.  
 Being Abe's close friend, Roy had been alongside him whenever he'd kidnapped
  and raped a woman. But never in his life had Roy ever fucked a girl quite like
  Sharon. She was much younger, and consequently, much more petite than any of
  their previous victims. Roy was truly going to have a great time breaking in
  and loosening up her still amazingly tight vagina.  
 "A-A-A-A-U-U-U-U-H-H-H-H!!! NO-O-O-O-O-O!!!" Sharon shrieked at the top
  of her lungs, as the fat Negro threw his hips forward and slammed his bulging
  cock deep into the little 13-year-old.  
 Roy loved the girl's spirit. All the other women he'd ever raped had fainted
  during his first fornication with them, yet this tiny seventh-grader was still
  kicking and screaming for all she was worth. Already he was looking forward
  to taking her up the ass.  
 As he held the girl still against his torso, Abe watched as his pal raped
  the slender Asian girl on top of him. Whenever Roy plunged his cock into the
  girl's vagina, Abe could actually feel his own being forced back to make room
  for his friends'. Sharon could feel the thin strip of flesh between her anus
  and vagina being crushed as her orifices strained to accommodate the two massive
  cocks. So compressed was her perineum, that Abe could feel the hardness of
  Roy's cock resonating through it.  
 Meanwhile, Ruth stepped back a few feet so that she could record all three
  people on tape. When she aimed the camcorder back at the bed a jolt of astonishment
  suddenly shot through her body. The outrageous size discrepancy between Sharon
  and the two black men was so pronounced from this distance. Ruth could see
  every little muscle in the girl's body flex as Roy and Abe crammed their huge
  cocks into her, and for the first time she actually felt sorry for the young
  Asian.  
 "PLE-E-E-E-E-E-A-A-A-A-A-S-S-S-S-E!" Sharon wailed, wrapping her long, slender
  legs around Roy's thighs as he plunged the remainder of his cock into her pussy.  
 With the man's penis now buried completely inside of her, there was no reason
  for Sharon to struggle anymore. She laid now on top of Abe, panting and exhausted,
  her hair and body drenched with sweat from her exertions. It truly was a horrible
  feeling to have both of the men's gigantic, hard cocks lodged inside her tiny
  body. She felt like all of her internal organs were pushed aside and against
  one another to make room for the two black logs.  
 Ruth stepped back over to the side of the mattress and zoomed the camcorder
  in between the 13-year-old's legs. She held the device there for almost an
  entire minute, unable to remove her eyes from Sharon's grotesquely outstretched
  vagina and sphincter. Several thin lines of blood trickled slowly out of both
  openings, revealing the obvious fact that more tissue had been torn inside
  the girl.  
 While his friend held his cock inside young Sharon and enjoyed the warmth
  of her pussy, Abe released her arms and plastered his meaty hands all over
  her round little breasts. With sadistic glee, he began mauling the two small
  mounds of flesh. Sharon immediately started moaning in pain as the black man
  violently pinched, twisted, and crushed her soft little titties.  
 "No-o-o-o-o, stop, it hurts," Sharon whimpered, trying unsuccessfully to
  pry the man's hands away from her chest.  
 Roy smiled approvingly down at the little Asian below him. As he observed
  her tiny, slender frame, he realized for the first time just how exquisitely
  gorgeous she was. With her perfectly golden skin and unbelievably thin waist,
  she reminded him so much of those Asian import models he'd seen on the cover
  of several car magazines. Undoubtedly she could become one of them if she wanted
  to in a couple years.  
 In a desperate effort to get the man's hands off her chest, Sharon began
  digging her sharp nails into his muscular forearms. Abe didn't seem to mind
  one bit, however, as he continued to mangle the 13-year-old's small A-Cup breasts.
  He kneaded them in his hands as if he were trying to soften up two tiny globs
  of clay.  
 "U-u-u-u-n-n-n-h-h-h-h! Stop it!" Sharon begged, slapping the black man's
  arms as he continued to crush her round little titties.  
 Ruth, in the meantime, continued to film the wild sex-scene taking place
  on the bed. She stood just a few feet to the right of Roy, and aimed the camcorder
  downward. From this distance and angle, the redhead could record not only the
  image of Sharon's outspread anus and pussy, but also Abe's massive hands pulverizing
  the girl's tender breasts. It truly was an amazing shot by the video connoisseur.  
 Turned on by the girl's high-pitched squeals, Roy yanked his cock out a
  few inches and viciously slammed it all back into her sex. Immediately, Sharon
  shrieked in agony and started twisting around on Abe's huge torso. She continued
  to scream in horror as Roy began pounding his gigantic penis in and out of
  her bloody vagina. Ruth zoomed in the lens on her camcorder to capture the
  penetration in fine detail.  
 "A-A-A-U-U-G-G-H-H! PL-E-E-E-A-A-A-S-S-S-S-S-E!" the little Asian screamed,
  as Roy tore his dick into her cunt while Abe continued to abuse her little
  breasts.  
 Roy was now fucking the girl at a frenzied pace that did not seem possible
  from a man so fat. His hips were blazing, as he pumped his massive penis in
  and out of Sharon's ravaged vagina in long, powerful strokes. The spectacle
  of the man's inhumanely large penis pummeling Sharon's tiny, defenseless vagina
  was totally awesome, and Ruth recorded it all on tape in fine detail.  
 "A-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h!" Roy bellowed, burying his cock to the balls inside
  the Asian girl just before he began cumming deep into her sex.  
 "U-a-a-a-g-g-h-h-h! No! Please! No!" Sharon squealed, kicking her legs desperately
  in the air as the Negro shot his load inside her.  
 Ruth continued to skillfully film the ongoing rape with her camcorder, gliding
  around the area to record close-up shots of Sharon's distressed tear-stained
  face and overstuffed vagina, along with panoramic scenes of the two massive
  black men crushing the slender 13-year-old between them. The redhead was filming
  the rape so well that there wouldn't even be any need to edit later on.  
 "Yea bitch! Scream for me you little slut!" the fat man roared, as he began
  slamming his still erect shaft in and out of the wailing girl.  
 When he was finally finished draining all of his sperm inside the young
  Asian, Roy dislodged his meaty cock from her swollen vagina and stumbled away
  from the bed. Ruth's camcorder remained fixated on Sharon's gaping vagina.
  A thick stream of warm semen soon began to ooze out of the beautiful pink hole.
  Ruth wasn't able to film the girl's devastated cunt for long, however, as Abe
  rolled back over so that he was once again crushing little Sharon against the
  side of the bed.  
 "Now-I'm-gonna-cum-in-your-fucking-sweet-ass-you-fucking-whore!" Abe berated,
  synchronizing each one of his thrusts with each one of his words.  
 Much too fatigued from just being raped by the other black, Sharon couldn't
  even muster any more screams of agony or mercy. The little Asian merely lay
  still and yelped in pain each time the Negro speared his dick into her anus.
  Ruth, of course, was capturing the entire scene on film. She focused the lens
  on the girl's agonized face for quite some time, allowing the true magnitude
  of Sharon's ordeal to soak into the tape. However, the woman also made sure
  to record plenty of shots of Abe's huge cock tearing away at the 13-year-old's
  asshole.  
 Hardly more than a minute passed before Abe shot his load deep inside Sharon's
  sphincter. When he was through dumping all of his cum into the bloody opening,
  Abe removed his cock and strode proudly away from the mattress. Without the
  man's hefty body to hold her against the bed, Sharon instantly collapsed onto
  the dirty floor. She lay there, panting heavily and sobbing while Ruth continued
  to film her. She knelt down beside the girl and held the lens of her camcorder
  just inches away from Sharon's pussy and anus. Torrents of hot, sticky sperm
  continued to dribble out of both holes and onto the carpet.  
 Abe and Roy, in the meantime, were resting together on the couch and guzzling
  Heinekens. When she was satisfied, Ruth stopped recording and joined the two
  men on the sofa. She sat down between them and flipped out the little 3.5" LCD
  screen connected to the side of the camcorder. She rewound the tape all the
  way to the beginning then pushed play. The screen was blank for a second, then
  the image of Sharon struggling while Abe pinned her against the bed materialized
  onto the screen.  
 "Ah look at the little bitch struggle," Roy chuckled, taking a sip of his
  beer.  
 "Man just look at her," Abe smirked, watching Sharon shake her skinny little
  ass, "the fucking whore is beggin' for my cock ain't she?"  
 Ruth held the camcorder far out so that all three of them could see the
  freshly recorded tape. They drank their beer and watched the screen, enjoying
  the fabulously made video. Roy and Abe uttered countless compliments about
  the girl's body while Ruth watched and admired her film in relative silence.
  They were definitely going to get a lot of money by the time she was finished
  with everything.  
 Ruth and the two Negroes watched the tape all the way to the end, then rewound
  it and watched it for a second time. None of them could get enough of watching
  Sharon's tight little cunt and asshole being crammed full of cock. By the time
  they were finally finished watching the tape, Ruth got up off the couch and
  walked over to where the bag full of items that they'd purchased last night
  lay. She searched through the stuff and pulled out a tiny white lace g-string
  along with a pair of matching thigh-high stockings and the 28" rattan cane.  
 "Put this on bitch," the redhead commanded, as she marched over to Sharon
  and threw the undergarments down at her.  
 "Bitch I said put them on!" Ruth screamed angrily, squatting down and yanking
  back on a fistful of the 13-year-old's hair.  
 "Ow! Okay! Please!" Sharon yelped, grabbing quickly for the lingerie.  
 Ruth released her hair and allowed the girl to dress herself. She watched
  with much interest as Sharon pulled the g-string up her slender legs and onto
  her crotch. The garment was really nothing more than a tiny triangle of fabric
  with strands of string connected to the corners. It just barely managed to
  conceal the girl's small mound of black pubic hair. When she was finished putting
  it on, Sharon began donning the two thigh-high sheer stockings.  
 "Now get up," commanded Ruth, as the little Asian finished adorning herself
  with the trashy lingerie.  
 Slowly, Sharon stumbled to her feet. Fear was written all over her beautiful
  face as she stared very nervously at the thin long cane in the woman's hand.
  The fact that it was clearly going to be used on her still did not fully register
  in the young girl's mind.  
 "Hey guys, I'm gonna need your help," Ruth said to the two Negroes.  
 Abe and Roy immediately set down the camcorder and rose off the couch. They
  walked over to the redhead and stood at her side. Quivering in fear, Sharon
  stood obediently still with her gaze directed straight at the floor. The two
  blacks, on the other hand, stared hungrily down at the tiny Asian. Both obviously
  loved the way she looked in her new attire.  
 "Aight one of you cuff her hands behind her back," Ruth instructed.  
 Sharon watched dreadfully as Abe walked over and grabbed a pair of handcuffs
  resting on top of a cabinet. She did not struggle as he returned and yanked
  her hands behind her back before binding them together.  
 "Now bitch, get down on your knees right now," ordered the redhead to young
  Sharon.  
 Again, without resisting, the Asian girl lowered herself down onto her knees.
  She was not stupid and obviously knew what was to come, yet she was so paralyzed
  with fear that she couldn't even speak. Ruth watched with great pleasure as
  the 13-year-old began trembling with fear.  
 "Abe, get down and hold the bitch still will ya?" Ruth requested.  
 "My fuckin' pleasure," the bouncer replied, getting down on his knees right
  behind Sharon.  
 Abe locked his enormous hands around Sharon's biceps, preventing her from
  moving even an inch. Ruth grinned viciously down at the little girl who was
  kneeling before her like a fuck-toy. She studied Sharon's breasts and was pleased
  to observe that most of the swelling had gone down from last night. A few light
  scrapes remained from the sandpaper, but they were hardly recognizable. It
  was time to add some more decorations on the two small breasts.  
 "Now you little fuckin' slut," Ruth began, speaking in an angry tone, "did
  you like getting your tiny pussy fucked by Roy's fat cock?"  
 "She asked you a question bitch," Abe blurted suddenly, giving the 13-year-old
  a quick little jerk when she did not answer.  
 "No," Sharon said softly, staring straight at the floor.  
 "Oh you're gonna regret that," said Ruth, tapping the cane menacingly against
  her open palm.  
 In one unbelievably quick motion, the redhead raised the thin instrument
  into the air and brought it ferociously down towards the girl's defenseless
  breasts. With her gaze still directed toward the ground, Sharon did not see
  the blow coming, but she heard the sharp, terrifying sound of air being split
  just before her chest exploded in a fiery, indescribable torrent of pain.  
 "A-A-A-A-U-U-U-U-G-G-G-G-H-H-H-H-H!!!" the tiny girl wailed, thrashing around
  crazily in Abe's hands.  
 Sharon continued to scream at the top of her lungs until she was completely
  out of breath. Then, she simply inhaled deeply and instantly began screaming
  again. Her normally beautiful face was twisted up in a gruesome expression
  of absolute agony. Tears were already starting to spill from her eyes and Abe
  was having a hard time holding her in place.  
 Ruth looked down at the bawling Asian in amusement. She was clearly in more
  pain now than she'd ever been in her life. Ruth knew exactly how bad the 13-year-old
  was hurting. She'd connected perfectly on her blow, smashing the cane horizontally
  against the girl's firm little breasts and slicing it deep into the flesh.
  The impact had produced one of the most horrifying sounds Ruth had ever heard.
  A long, bright-red welt had already materialized on the Asian's chest.  
 "Uhh&hellip;uhh&hellip;uhh&hellip;," Sharon moaned, as she'd finally stopped
  screaming.  
 Ruth gave the girl a few more seconds to catch her breath, and when she
  did, the redhead immediately swung the cane back down against her tits. Sharon
  instantaneously whipped her head back and released another deafening howl of
  pain as the rod slashed across her left breast.  
 "A-a-a-a-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e-e!" the girl continued crying, long after the
  cane had touched her chest.  
 "No-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o!!!" Sharon shrieked, shaking her head wildly from side
  to side as the woman torched her breasts for a third time.  
 "Roy, you ready to fuck the bitch again?" Ruth asked, turning to the fat
  negro.  
 "Hell yea man," the man replied, gazing hungrily down at the hysterical
  Asian.  
 "Okay," said the redhead.  
 Lowering the cane and relaxing her stance, Ruth waited for the girl to calm
  down. Sharon continued to scream as the pain in her tits refused to subside.
  It was by far the most awful pain she'd ever felt in her young life. Even being
  fucked by the two blacks at the same time had felt better than this. Finally,
  after what seemed like an eternity, the scorching pain slowly began to fade
  and Sharon's screams died down to hoarse moans.  
 "Now Sharon," Ruth began, cupping the girl's chin in her hand and forcing
  Sharon look up at her, "do you want me to stop now?"  
 "Y-yes, yes, yes," the little Asian sobbed, nodding her head in approval.  
 "Then you're gonna do exactly what I tell you, got it?" asked the large
  woman.  
 "Yes, yes," Sharon replied quickly.  
 "Aight Abe take those cuffs off and stand her up," Ruth directed, "Roy you
  just get on that bed and lie on your back."  
 "Aight bitch get that underwear off right now," ordered the redhead impatiently,
  after Abe had unlocked the steel cuffs.  
 Sharon quickly pushed the g-string down her long legs before pulling it
  off. She handed the garment over to Ruth who absentmindedly tossed it to the
  floor. Now she was dressed only in the two white nylon stockings. The woman
  then took hold of the 13-year-old's arm and guided her towards the large king-sized
  bed in the corner of the room where a naked Roy waited.  
 "You see that huge cock over there?" Ruth asked, pointing at the black man's
  massive penis.  
 Sharon nodded her head signifying that she did.  
 "Good," Ruth continued, "now if you don't want to feel that cane on your
  tiny titties again, then get on that bed right now and stuff your little pussy
  full with that cock."  
 Terrified at the idea of receiving another blow from the cane, Sharon quickly
  began walking towards the bed. Looking at the impossibly large penis, she knew
  it was going to hurt tremendously when it penetrated into her vagina. Nevertheless,
  she would much rather have that than the cane.  
 "What's up baby?" Roy greeted, as the young girl climbed up the bed and
  onto his lap.  
 The black man watched with a happy grin as Sharon carefully positioned herself
  into a squatting position above him. In order for her to straddle the gigantic
  man, she was forced to place her feet very far apar. Once she'd lined herself
  up with the Negro's cock, Sharon reached down with her hand and placed the
  swollen tip against her open sex. Then, the 13-year-old took a deep breath
  and began slowly lowering herself onto the giant shaft.  
 "U-u-u-h-h-h-n-n-n-n-n," the Asian girl groaned, wincing in pain as her
  tight, juicy cunt was stretched wide open by the black penis.  
 "Ah yea bitch," commended Roy, smiling up at the little seventh-grader, "use
  that tight little pussy."  
 "Oh God it hurts," Sharon sobbed, grimacing in agony as her tiny vagina
  was forced wide open by the monstrous cock.  
 Abe stood at the foot of the bed and watched the episode with much interest.
  It was truly an amazing sight to actually see  the Asian
  girl's pussy being expanded to it's absolute limit. As he watched with fascination,
  Ruth stood at the foot of the bed directly behind Sharon and was once again
  recording everything onto the camcorder. From here, the redhead was able to
  capture every little gorgeous detail of the girl on film, like her long slender
  legs, her perfectly rounded ass, and of course, her tight little pussy getting
  stuffed full of black cock.  
 &quot;U-u-u-u-h-h-h-h-h,&quot; Sharon moaned, as she slowly lowered herself
  down onto the colossal penis.  
 &quot;Abe, take over for me for a sec will ya?&quot; Ruth called out, still
  keeping the camcorder aimed directly at the center of the bed.  
 &quot;Yea sure,&quot; answered the black man, as he walked over and took
  the tape recorder from his friend.  
 Ruth walked over to the side of the bed and picked up the rattan cane from
  the floor. Concentrating too much on gently easing Roy's dick into her vagina,
  Sharon did not even notice the redhead standing just a few feet from her right
  side. Only when Ruth reached out and tapped her little nipple with the tip
  of the cane did she become aware of her presence.  
 &quot;No, please,&quot; Sharon whimpered, almost losing her balance as she
  stared at the wooden instrument in complete terror.  
 &quot;You're going way too slow bitch,&quot; Ruth said to the girl, &quot;unless
  you want me to beat your titties to a bloody pulp, start bouncing up and down
  on that cock right now.&quot;  
 Letting out a groan of both fear and frustration, Sharon gritted her teeth,
  closed her eyes, and heaved her body down onto Roy's impossibly huge cock.
  The fat negro instanlty moaned in jubilation as he felt his shaft plunge deep
  into the Asian's twat. Yet despite her commendable effort, Sharon still only
  managed to get barely a couple of inches into her sore, swollen, ravaged vagina.  
 &quot;Keep going bitch, don't stop,&quot; the redhead commanded sternly,
  as the young girl paused for a moment to regain her composure.  
 Ruth stared in wonder at the few muscles that were now visibly flexed in
  the 13-year-old's slender, glistening body. The woman as well as both Abe and
  Roy could see how tense the Asian was as she prepared both physically and psychologically
  to slam her tight vagina down onto Roy's remarkably huge cock. Abe kept the
  video camera pointing squarely at center of the bed, and couldn't help but
  smile as he saw a thick trail of sperm trickle slowly out of Sharon's cunt
  and down the black cock. Since he hadn't reached a climax yet, the white ooze
  was obviously some leftover from Roy's earlier ejaculation.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-i-i-i-i-i-e-e-e-e-e!&quot; Sharon squealed miserably, as she
  drove her body down onto the awaiting penis.  
 &quot;Ah yea! Yea bitch!&quot; Abe grunted approvingly, as he felt his entire
  cock drill into the little girl.  
 The sound of Sharon's round little ass smacking against Roy's gigantic testicles
  filled the room. Once she'd heard that noise and felt the Negro's thick bush
  of pubic-hair rubbing against her crotch, Sharon relaxed her body. She remained
  still for the most part in a squatting position atop Roy, with her head hanging
  exhaustedly down towards the bed.  
 &quot;A-A-A-A-U-U-U-U-U-G-G-G-G-H-H-H!!!&quot; the young girl screamed,
  her head instantly jerking back up as Ruth ripped the wooden cane deep into
  her firm breasts.  
 Sharon immediately turned towards Ruth and quickly covered her chest with
  her hands to both soothe them and shield them from further blows. She stared
  apprehensively at the large woman, begging her with her eyes not to hit her
  again.  
Fresh tears of pain were beginning to slide down the seventh-grader's gorgeous
  face.  
 &quot;Who the fuck said you could stop slut?&quot; Ruth demanded furiously.  
 &quot;Please, I'm sorry,&quot; Sharon answered quickly.  
 &quot;You don't stop until I say you can stop, got it?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes, okay,&quot; the terrified girl replied.  
 &quot;Now you're gonna start fucking him as hard and as fast as you possibly
  can,&quot; the redhead commanded, &quot;and if I think for one second that
  you're not trying your hardest, I'm gonna start beating your tits again with
  this cane got it?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes,&quot; Sharon replied with quick nod of her head.  
 &quot;Start now.&quot;  
 Instantly the petite Asian raised her body a few inches into the air and
  then lowered it back down onto Roy's dick at about half the speed. She continued
  to execute this motion for a few more seconds, fucking the Negro at a pace
  that was painful yet tolerable. She performed her upward strokes at quite a
  fast pace, yet her downward ones were not nearly as rapid. Clearly the girl
  did not know how serious Ruth was about her performance.  
 &quot;No! Please!&quot; Sharon gasped in fear as the redhead approached
  the bed.  
 Ruth's intent, however, was obviously not to hurt the girl as she held a
  pair of metal handcuffs rather than the cane. Sharon let out a whimper of dread
  as the woman seized her wrists and yanked her hands away from her breasts.
  Hastily, Ruth pulled the girl's wrists behind her back and locked them together.
  Then she bent down, picked the rattan cane off the floor, and smashed it across
  the poor girl's swollen tits.  
 &quot;NO-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O!!!&quot; Sharon screamed, her body immediately
  jolting back in response to the hit.  
 Roy swiftly wrapped his hands around the girl's lean waist and kept her
  lower body firmly seated on his cock while she thrashed around in agony. A
  huge smile formed on his round face as he stared jovially at the young Asian's
  jiggling titties. He felt an irresistible urge right then to just take one
  of the girl's tiny brown nipples in his mouth and bite it off.  
 &quot;Please, don't hit me, please,&quot; Sharon sobbed, looking anxiously
  at the redhead.  
 &quot;You better start fucking him A LOT harder if you don't want me to,&quot; Ruth
  responded.  
 Sharon let out a big sigh of despair and once again prepared herself. Roy
  let go of the girl's waist so that she could begin. Even without her hands
  to assist, the 13-year-old had no problem staying in her crouching position
  as Roy's extremely thick cock prevented her from losing balance. The only thing
  she had to focus on was fucking the huge shaft.  
 &quot;Uh God! U-u-u-u-g-g-g-g-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon whined, as she began thumping
  her vagina up and down on the black cock.  
 The girl's pace was now considerably faster than it was just a short moment
  ago, and if it wasn't for the look of agony written upon her face, one might
  actually think she was enjoying the sex as she bounced her twat up and down
  Roy's dick. It was absolutely excruciating for poor Sharon to have to slam
  herself down onto the gigantic penis. Each time she stuffed it into her tiny
  vagina, it took all her willpower to raise herself and do it again.  
 Roy, in the meantime, was moaning continuously and trying his hardest to
  keep from cumming. This was absolutely the most perfect way to have sex, as
  Sharon did all the work while he could just lay back and watch her little tits
  bouncing up and down in front of his face.  
 &quot;Faster!&quot; Ruth suddenly screamed, as she slammed the cane against
  the girl's breasts hard enough for it to hurt, yet not quite hard enough to
  send her into a frenzy.  
 &quot;A-a-a-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon yelped, as she immediately began fucking
  the black man faster.  
 &quot;A-a-g-g-h! A-a-g-g-h! A-a-g-g-h!&quot; the little seventh-grader yelped
  over and over again as she sprung herself up and down the massive cock.  
 &quot;Ruth, make her go higher,&quot; Abe called from behind the girl, while
  he continued to record the rape.  
 &quot;Bitch,&quot; the redhead beckoned, tapping the cane lightly against
  the Asian's breasts to get her attention, &quot;when you go up, go up all the
  way until you feel just the tip of his cock in your cunt, got it?&quot;  
 &quot;Yes,&quot; Sharon replied quickly, staring nervously down at the cane.  
 Ruth pulled the wooden instrument away and the young Asian submissively
  continued her painful routine. Once again she began springing her little slender
  body up and down the massive dick, making sure on her upward strokes to go
  all the way up until just the head of Roy's cock was still buried in her snatch.
  The downward strokes were still slower, however, as Sharon simply could not
  bring herself to slam her pussy down onto the giant pole as hard as Ruth demanded.  
 &quot;U-u-u-u-a-a-a-a-g-g-g-h-h-h-h!&quot; Sharon screamed in pain and frustration,
  as the thick woman cleaved the cane viciously into her tender chest.  
 The savage and totally unexpected blow caused the 13-year-old's knees to
  buckle and sent her cunt crashing all the way down to the base of the Negro's
  cock. Though she was totally exhausted, Sharon tried to summon enough strength
  to ascend the thick pole of meat. When she couldn't, the wretched girl collapsed
  onto the penis, slumped her head down and began weeping hysterically. She couldn't
  take any more of this abuse.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-u-u-u-g-g-h-h-h! Pl-e-e-e-e-e-a-a-a-a-a-s-s-s-s-e!&quot; Sharon
  begged, flailing around woefully as Ruth callously added another long, puffy
  red welt to the Asian's tiny breasts.  
 &quot;Start fucking bitch!&quot; the woman replied.  
 &quot;AGH! AGH! AGH! AGH! AGH!&quot; Sharon squealed, as she began vigorously
  pistoning her tortured vagina up and down Roy's enormous cock.  
 Abe felt his cock getting totally stiff as he knelt and taped the spectacle
  on the bed. The scene, viewed from behind, was truly breathtaking. The bouncer
  watched in wonder as Sharon fucked his fat friend, with her hands cuffed behind
  her back, her round little ass-cheeks spread apart, and her long, gorgeous
  legs in their white stockings steering her body up and down the huge penis
  like a total slut.  
 &quot;FASTER!&quot; Ruth demanded, punishing the girl's tits for what seemed
  like the hundredth time.  
 &quot;U-u-u-u-r-r-r-g-g-g-g-h-h-h-h-h!!!&quot; Sharon shrieked hopelessly,
  once again increasing the speed of her thrusts.  
 The little 13-year-old was now pumping her sex up and down the length of
  the colossal penis like a crazed lunatic. Ruth could see now that the girl
  was pretty much giving all her effort, so she relaxed her arm and let the cane
  drop to her side. In the meantime, Abe hadn't moved from his spot behind the
  Asian and was still filming the crude rape. Judging from the girl's body language,
  one might think that Sharon was actually enjoying fucking the black man as
  she energetically bounced up and down his cock. Yet the screams of unmistakable
  pain radiating from the petite girl as the gigantic rod repeatedly tore her
  cunt wide open suggested otherwise.  
 &quot;A-a-a-a-w-w-w-w,&quot; Roy began moaning, as he could no longer keep
  the semen contained in his heavy testicles.  
 Reaching forward the Negro wrapped his hands around Sharon's waist and slammed
  her all the way down onto his cock. The slender little Asian began grimacing
  uncomfortably as she felt the man shooting his sperm deep inside her vagina.
  Although he'd already done it once before, as had Abe countless times also,
  Sharon still shuddered in disgust each time she felt one of them ejaculating
  inside of her.  
 As he continued to shoot his cum deep inside the girl's twat, Roy moved
  his hands up from her slender waist and onto her small, round breasts. Sharon
  began moaning and twisting around in pain as the Negro ruthlessly pinched the
  welt-covered lumps of flesh between his fingers. Abe quickly moved around to
  the side of the bed for a better recording angle. He positioned the camera
  so that it captured both an image of Roy's cock buried inside the girl's cunt
  and also his huge hands pinching her firm little breasts.  
 &quot;A-w-w-w, y-e-e-a-a-h-h-h,&quot; Roy groaned euphorically, continuing
  to squash Sharon's A-Cup titties while he finished dumping all of his cum inside
  her vagina.  
 When he was completely finished ejaculating, Roy coiled his hands around
  the seventh-grader's waist and hoisted her sweat-drenched body off his penis.
  He then casually tossed the little girl to the side of the bed where she collapsed
  instantly on her stomach. Abe brought the camcorder to within inches of Sharon's
  horribly outstretched cunt. A huge river of semen was already pouring out of
  the gaping hole, and Abe recorded this image for a few seconds.  
 &quot;Shit man, you got a beer man?&quot; Roy asked, as he lurched tiredly
  off the bed.  
 &quot;Yea they're in the fridge,&quot; Ruth replied, as she stripped off
  all her clothing.  
 The redhead then pulled a special harness up her legs that looked like a
  piece of leather underwear. Inside the garment was a 7&quot; rubber dildo that
  went up inside her vagina, and attached on the front was a huge 11&quot; one
  that was covered with dozens of small, sharp, metal spikes. The spikes were
  not so sharp that they would slice through and mangle flesh, but definitely
  pointed enough to cause a tremendous amount of pain.  
 &quot;U-u-u-u-h-h-h-h, no-o-o-o-o-o-o,&quot; Sharon moaned, struggling weakly
  as she felt a pair of strong hands grab her biceps and lift her off the bed.  
&lt;TO BE CONTINUED&gt;  
 Thanks for reading, and for those who've been waiting, I'm sorry for taking
  so long to update the story. I'm always busy, so I don't get a chance to sit
  down and write as much as I'd like to. I'd love to hear any comments, whether
  negative or positive from any readers, and ideas for the story are always welcome
  as well. Send a quick e-mail if you want. Thanks everyone.  
e-mail: lazarus2020@hotmail.com   

Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lazarus


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





