BDSM Library - Janice's Fantasies




Janice's Fantasies
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A young female executive lives a personal life of bdsm fantasy. Her imaginary Master makes her go too far, and real people are there to take advantage of her.
                                     JANICE'S  FANTASIES





  Janice glanced at the clock; five minutes to four. She let out a deep breath,
cleared her computer screen and started to clear her desk of the paperwork that
had built up during the day. She'd had a hectic day. As the new Assistant Editor
for the hottest new woman's magazine in the country, she was under a lot of
stress. She embraced her job and the stress that came with it gladly though; it
was what she had worked for since she graduated from college, and she was good
at it.

  She had just turned 25, and she was single. She couldn't foresee a man in her
life at this point of her career, though she thought about men a lot. Janice was
a stunning young woman; great figure, waist length black hair with flashing
brown eyes that carried the look of authority. She had stared down many a young
male executive that thought he could intimidate her across a conference room
table, but Janice always held her ground. And all of them admired the attractive
young woman as she clicked through the office in her high heels, flashing a
great set of legs below a fashionably short skirt. Almost all of the young
executives in the building, and it was a giant New York high-rise, with many
companies, had tried to put the make on the young woman, but they were wasting
their time. Janice only had time for work...and her fantasies.

  Janice didn't own a car, but rather took a cab back and forth to work, as
thousands of people in Upper Manhattan did each day. Once she was ensconced in
the back seat of the taxi, she could relax and let her mind wander. She always
started by pretending that the taxi was taking her to a strict, demanding lover,
and she was under orders to be naked under her clothes, ready for him. Keeping
one eye on the rear-view mirror of the taxi, she would hike her skirt up and
slip her panties down her thighs, gathering them up and putting them in her
purse. Janice went to a private beauty salon religiously, and she was devoid of
pubic hair, and as the taxi made it's way through the mid-town traffic, she
would close her eyes and part her legs.

  "You will not close your legs,"  her imaginary lover told her, "you will be
open for me...all of you."

  When the taxi dropped her off in front of her building, she imagined that she
was going up to see this dark, mysterious man...this man that made her be naked
for him under her skirt. She always got aroused as the elevator took her closer
to her rendezvous.

  Once in her apartment, she slipped into a short, silk robe, as she had been
instructed to do, and she made herself a drink. The curtains of her high-rise
apartment were wide open, and she gazed out on the city; the surrounding, tall
buildings casting long shadows across the concrete landscape.

  "Play with yourself," he said, and her hand snaked into the robe, caressing a
firm breast, rubbing softly across her nipples as she felt them respond.

  "Let me see you," his voice commanded, and her hand went to the sash of the
robe, untying it, exposing her body to his stare. She stood and sipped her
drink, the feelings of arousal heavy on her.

  "Naked, Janice," her Master told her, and she let the silk robe fall to the
floor as she stood framed in the window.

  Janice cooked herself something to eat, but she was always ready to obey her
Master if he chose to speak to her. In fact, everything that Janice did after
she got home was driven by the voice in her head. The voice commanded her every
move, and she guided herself through the motions of eating and cleaning. This
man was her Master, and she awaited his commands.

  "Shower for me, Janice, " he said. "I want your body clean for me. I'm going
to use your body tonight, Janice." And she would go to the shower, cleaning
herself for the voice that commanded her. She dried for him, and she did her
hair for him, and she inspected her body for him. When she was sure that
everything met his expectations, she emerged from the bathroom, and displayed
her self on the day-bed in the living room; posing for him as he demanded more
obscene displays of her body. She was not allowed to touch herself until he said
to, and she would moan in frustration as she spread her thighs and thrust her
tits out to his gaze.

  Her lover had given her explicit instructions on how he wanted to spank her,
and clamp her nipples, and make her cum, and Janice spent hours on the Internet,
browsing through the multitudes of S/M websites, purchasing the items that he
required. She had a leather paddle, and a butt plug, that he demanded be used
while she was spanked. Janice greased up the butt plug, and protested at the
hugeness as she inserted it into her lubricated ass. Then she sprawled on her
knees, slapping her own ass with the paddle, and pinching her nipples.

  "Now the clamps, Janice, put them on for me.....now." And she whimpered as she
clamped her own nipples.

  The setting sun was full on the high-rise apartment building across the
street, and just as she was about to insert a vibrator between her spread legs,
a bright glint of light flashed from a window across from hers, and she paused.

  "You don't suppose..." she thought. She removed her nipples clamps and padded
naked to the window. Window watching in New York high-rises was a popular sport,
and telescopes were framed in hundreds of windows, and Janice had one herself.
Very few people ever closed their curtains, and it was almost an unwritten rule
that you played the game of voyeur/exhibitionist when you lived in these
buildings. She focused her telescope across the street, and sure enough, a man
was standing in his window, his telescope pointed directly at her. She closed
her curtains, but her mood was ruined.

  "Hope you got a good show, asshole, " she thought. And she knew that the man
did a get a good show, and when she thought of what he had seen, she felt her
face flush. She stood naked in the living room, the butt plug still in her ass,
her ass cheeks glowing from her self-inflicted paddling. The voice in her head
spoke to her.

  "Let him watch, Janice, " he told her. "Show him what a slut you are, Janice.
Your body belongs to me, and I want you to show it to him."  Her breathing got
heavier at the thought of what he wanted her to do.

  "Noooo, Master, please," she whispered out loud.

  "Now, Janice," he insisted, "do it now."  Her hands trembled as her fingers
found the curtain strings, and she pulled them slowly open again. She stood
naked in the window, her body awash in the fading, late afternoon light.

  "The clamps, Janice, put them on, now," he told her. The day bed was right
behind her, and she picked the clamps up, and facing the window again, she
re-clamped her nipples with a sharp cry.

  "Good girl, Janice," he told her. "Now, back up on the bed. Very good...hands
and knees now, Janice....show him the plug in your ass, Janice."

  "Ohhh, god, Master," she whispered, but she got to her hands and knees, her
ass facing the window. Her hands went back to her ass, caressing the cheeks, and
she slowly spread her knees apart, the base of the plug framed between her
reddened ass cheeks, and she felt her face flush again as she pulled her cheeks
apart, exposing her plugged ass crack and hairless slit to the man.

  "Make yourself cum, Janice," he said, "while he watches. Show him how you cum
for me, Janice."

  "Please, Master, please don't make me do this," she moaned.

  "Now, Janice, do it now, slut," he demanded. She picked the vibrator up and
turned it on, and snaked her hand between her wide-spread knees. She gasped as
the vibrating tip made contact with her cunt, and she slid the tip up and down
the length of her wetness. She slid it's entire length up in her, and she slowly
rocked her hips, fucking herself with it. She could feel the juices running from
her cunt as she slid the vibrator out and applied the tip directly to her clit.
She moved her hips in a frenzy now, her clit sliding along the hot plastic cock,
and she gave out a wailing moan as she came. She rolled onto her back, drawing
her knees up and out, her cunt wet and splayed open for the watching man, and
she vibrated her clit to another groaning climax.

  " Very nice, Janice," her Master said.  "I am proud of you, my pet, and you
are responding well to your slut training ."

  "Oh, thank you Master...thank you," she said. She gasped as she removed the
nipple clamps, and then she slowly withdrew the plug from her ass, still in
front of the window on the day-bed. She put her eye to the telescope; the man in
the window was naked, and as she watched he stroked his long cock, and he shot a
stream of cum onto his window.

  She backed away from her window,  into the darker recesses of the apartment.
It was almost dark outside now, and she knew she couldn't be seen if she left
the lights off. She stood naked at the bar and made another drink. Her hands
were shaking. She was sated, but rather shocked, too. He had never made her go
this far before. She walked to the curtains to close them, but he spoke.

  "No, Janice. The curtains will remain open at all times...the bedroom
curtains, too....and you will remain naked," he said. She managed to get through
the rest of the evening without turning the lights on, and she lit a few candles
to see. She was afraid that he would order her to light up the apartment, but he
never did. She took another shower by candle light, and slid her naked body
between the sheets of her bed.




                                                     Chapter Two



  When she awoke in the morning, the apartment was flooded with sunlight. She
took stock of her situation. Her bedroom window was a huge picture window also,
and she was naked.....he had never made her be naked like this before. She
sighed, and padded naked to the kitchen to start some coffee. She took a peek
through the telescope; he was watching her.

  "I will do it for you, Master," she said out loud. She went about her morning
routine, always conscious now of the fact that she was being watched. She also
found herself doing things that she wouldn't normally do. She usually shaved her
crotch while in the shower, but today she brought her razor into the bedroom and
shaved in the full-length mirror on her wall. She could see the apartment across
the street in the reflection, and she gave herself  a slow, sensuous shave,
tracing her fingertips across the smooth skin,  and pulling her slit gently open
as the razor tracked along the slit itself. She felt her nipples harden as she
began to get aroused, and she had to stop herself from going any further, or
she'd be late for work.

  Her Master usually didn't talk to her at work, but today as she sat at her
computer terminal in the afternoon, he spoke loudly.

  "Go into the bathroom and remove your panties, Janice."  She obeyed instantly,
and as she sat in the stall, removing them, he spoke to her again.

  "He is waiting, Janice....to watch you....and you will give him what he
wants." Janice listened carefully to his instructions, and she felt a wave of
sexual arousal as she made mental notes of his demands.

  That afternoon as she rode home in the cab, she quietly hiked her dress up
over her hips, and slowly spread her legs, her exposed, bare slit moistening in
arousal.

  "Good girl, Janice," the voice said. "By holding yourself open, you are
offering yourself to men, Janice. Not just me, but all men, any men....and
that's what we both want, isn't it Janice, men; different men, many men, with
hard cocks to fuck you and pump their cum into your slut body. 

  "Yes, Master," she whispered. She saw the cabbie's eyes flash in the mirror,
but he quickly looked away. It was all she could do to keep her hands away from
the wet slit that she now proffered to any man that desired to use it.

  She was almost mad with lust as she entered her apartment. She went straight
to the drawer where she kept her sex toys, and got the two newest acquisitions,
as he instructed. One was a long, double-headed dildo, a black monster with big,
flared heads. The other was a very large, vibrating anal toy, fully seven inches
long, with bulbs of gradually larger sizes. She threw them onto the day-bed, and
knelt on the edge of it, close to the window. She unbuttoned her blouse, and
unsnapped her bra in the front, her full breasts spilling out of the gaping
blouse. She raised up and hiked her skirt up around her waist, her slit wet and
pouting, framed between her black, thigh-high stockings. She hadn't even removed
her shoes.

  She sat back on her haunches and spread her knees. She grabbed the big, black
dildo in both hands, and placed it to the entrance of her wet cunt. She
undulated her slit along the head of it, moistening it, and slowly pushed it
into herself, moaning as the large shaft impaled her. She leaned back, her hands
on the bed behind her, and spread her legs even wider, her blouse fully opened,
and her tits swayed on her chest as she rocked and fucked herself on the long
plastic cock. A full 12" of black dildo impaled her, and she raised up and let
it slowly slip out of her white, hairless, slit, only to slowly impale herself
on it again, When she had it in her cunt as far as it would go, she fingered her
clit and orgasmed, as her hips pistoned on the plastic monster.

  She got naked now, and knelt with her ass facing the window, and she
lubricated her tight anus with a greased finger. She squeezed the first bulge of
her anal dildo into her hole, and then the second. She let it rest on the bed,
and she pulled her ass cheeks apart as she lowered her ass to take the third
bulge into her ass. The last three graduated from 1 1/2" to 2", and she moaned
loudly as she felt them stretching her tight anal muscles. She turned the switch
that started the thing vibrating, and she felt her ass muscles relax as another
bulge entered her ass, and she gave a little gasp and moan as the last one went
in. She knelt there for awhile, totally full of the bulging monster.

  She remembered her Master's instructions, and she slowly slipped off the bed,
the bulges holding the dildo firmly in her gripping ass. She walked gingerly to
the bar and made a drink, her back to the window. She forced herself to stand
there and drink the drink, and then make another one. She walked back to the
bed, and couldn't resist taking a peek.

  Oh, he was watching all right, but now she could see the telescopes from other
apartments pointed at her, too. She hoped her Master knew what he was doing,
making her put on this obscene sex show, in broad daylight, while god-only-knows
how many people watched.

  She drained her drink, and still facing the window, she put the clamps on her
nipples while the huge dildo throbbed in her ass. She laid on her stomach very
gingerly, and she picked up the paddle. She started slowly with light swats to
her ass using one hand, and then the other.

  "Harder, Janice," his voice said, and she slapped harder and harder, until she
was paddling her ass as hard as could, her ass reddening quickly, the hot
stinging spreading in a widening wave of heat. She lay there for a minute, and
she slowly spread her legs, giving a nice view of her wet slit and red ass, the
end of the large dildo in her ass clearly visible. She got up again and made
another drink. She downed it and walked back to the window. She hefted her
nipple-clamped breasts in her hands, then laid down on her back. She spread her
lags and inserted the big, black dildo into her cunt again. She sighed at the
feeling of the two plastic monsters rubbing their heads together through her
anal wall, and she came quickly. She laid there for awhile, basking in her
orgasm, still impaled and clamped. She removed the nipple clamps, and fucked
herself to another orgasm as the blood flowed back into her nipples.

  She removed the dildoes from her body, and left them on the bed, then got up
and showered. After her shower it was dark. Her Master made her turn three
lights on;  her bedroom light, a kitchen light, and a small spotlight that
illuminated the day-bed. She had to admire her Master's diabolical
mind...anyplace she went in the apartment now she could be seen from the
outside, her naked body illuminated.

  She turned on some music and went about her business. She opened a bottle of
wine, and made a light dinner, sitting naked at the lit-up kitchen table. Later
that evening, he made her lie on the illuminated day-bed again. She slowly
inserted the end of the double-headed dildo into her ass, and it went in
painfully slow, making her cry out as the big head slipped into her. Then she
bent the long shaft in the middle, and inserted the other head into her cunt.
She sat up with her knees spread wide, the bend in the dildo resting on the bed.
She put her hands on her head and slowly rocked herself to orgasm, pushing the
double heads fully into her body as she came.




                                          Chapter Three



  Her Master didn't talk to her all the next day at work, and she was relieved,
as she really needed to concentrate on her job. But, on the way home in the
taxi, she hiked her skirt up and spread her legs again, and she was totally into
her slut fantasy when the cab pulled up in front of her apartment building.
During the twenty or so feet from the curb to the front door of her apartment,
where the doorman stood waiting, she was accosted by a man.

  "Hey," he said. "I've been watching you...in your apartment, on the bed."  She
had to pull her mind out of its fog to realize what he was saying. She looked at
the man.

  "Did my Master send you?" she asked.

  "Oh, why yes, he sure did," the man replied. She smiled at him and took him by
the hand, leading him past the doorman, who just stared at her as he opened the
door. They were the only people in the elevator, and as soon as the door closed,
he slipped his hands under her skirt. She spread her legs wide as his finger
found her wet cunt, and she was rocking against his hand as the door opened on
her floor. She was happy...she knew she would hear from her Master today; and he
had sent her this man. The man had already figured that she was nuttier than a
fruitcake, and he planned on taking full advantage of this gorgeous, hard-bodied
young woman.

  He stripped her naked and made her kneel on the day-bed, in front of the
window. He cuffed her wrists with her own handcuffs and he paddled her ass with
her own paddle, harder than she had ever paddled herself, and when the pain got
to be too much, she squealed,

  "Nooooo, please....no more...ohhh."  His answer was to remove his belt and
whip her with it. He  clamped her nipple clamps on her as she moaned and cried.
When she started to cry out in earnest, the man dumped the contents of her purse
onto the floor, and gagged her with her own panties, stuffing them roughly into
her mouth. He knelt between her legs and slammed his cock into her.

  Janice hadn't taken a man since her college years, and she almost fainted at
the feeling of the man's hardness penetrating her cunt. He fucked her until he
came, then he made himself a drink at her bar. He returned to the bed and
greased her asshole, and she squirmed on the finger as he lewdly thrust it in
and out of her tight hole. He placed her anal toy to her pucker, the one with
the increasingly larger bulges, and he slowly but steadily popped the bulges
into her ass, and she squealed as they penetrated her. When it was totally in
her, he sat on the bed, sipping his drink, and rummaged through the contents of
her purse.

  He smiled...she even had a pen and some paper so he could write down her name,
address, telephone number, and anything else that perked his interest. He
uncuffed her, but left the nipple clamps on, and the dildo in. He pushed her to
her knees, on the floor. She looked up at him, and he pulled the panties from
her mouth. She just looked at him in rapt wonderment. She wasn't terrified or
even indignant.

  "Tell my Master that I've done as you ask, Sir," she said.

  "Oh, I will, um...Janice," he said, glancing at the paper. "But," he
continued, "I'm not quite done with you yet. Come here," he said, and he pulled
her mouth down to his crotch. Janice suckled his cock until he was erect again.
He pulled her back up on the bed, and he withdrew the bulging toy from her ass.
He ran his cock through her dripping cunt a few times, and slid himself into her
gaping ass. Janice felt the man cum up in her bowels, and after he left, Janice
laid there on the bed, the stranger's cum seeping from her holes.

  "Did I do good, Master?" she asked out loud.

  " Yes, little one, I am so proud of you," his voice responded. "He will be
back, Janice, and you will welcome him...and others, too."

  "Yes, Master," she said, and she headed of to the shower.

  The man wasn't home for five minutes before his phone rang. What Janice didn't
know was that out of the multitudes of men that had their telescopes pointed at
her window every night, a half dozen or so of those men knew each other.

  "Well..." the voice on the phone said,  laughing, " from here it looked like
you scored big time."

  "Man, you wouldn't fucking believe it. The chick's got some imaginary Master,
and she thought that he sent me. At least I think he's imaginary....have you
ever seen a man over there?" he asked.

  "Nope, never," the voice said, " and I've been watching her from day one."

  "Well, then she's a fucking whacko. Good fuck though, and you can do anything
you want to her, as long as she thinks her Master sent you. I've got some keys I
had made to her front door. Come on over later and I'll give you one. "

  In the middle of the night, Janice was awakened by a noise. She was sure that
she heard the front door close. She lay there, naked under the blankets, and she
was aware of a presence in the room. Wordlessly she felt the covers being drawn
dawn to expose her, and she felt a man's hands caress her body in the dark. The
hands gripped her head and pulled, and she allowed herself to be pulled to her
side. She felt a man's erection touching her face. Janice took a deep breath and
opened her mouth. The man held her head as she sucked. She snaked a hand up
between his legs and cupped his balls, while the other went back to his ass,
holding him tightly against her face. She sucked the sperm down as it filled her
mouth. He withdrew his cock from her mouth and wiped it clean on her face and
hair. Then again without a word, he was gone.

  In the morning, she thought that perhaps she had dreamed the whole thing, but
the tell-tale traces of dried cum on her face and in her hair proved otherwise.

  When she got to her office that morning there was a manilla envelope on her
desk. She closed her office door and opened the package. There were pictures.
Pictures of her in various, shameful displays. Some had been taken through a
telescope and were fuzzy, but some were taken right in her own apartment.
Janice's hands trembled as she stared at the pictures. In several of them, she
was on the bed, her hands cuffed behind her, red welts across her ass and back
and she was fully penetrated by two cocks, a look of total bliss on her face.
There was a note with the pictures;

  "In the bathroom at 12:00 " it said. "Unlock the hallway door. Don't be late."

  She had her own bathroom, a small executive washroom, that she could access
from her office or from the corridor, across from the elevators. She tried to
concentrate on her work, but she kept a wary eye on the clock. At precisely
noon, she walked into her bathroom, strode the few steps to the far doorway, and
twisted the lock. It swung open immediately and a man walked in, a man she
didn't recognize. He let the door close and re-locked it. Then he locked the
door that opened into her office. He stood facing her, and waggled a finger at
her.

  "The skirt," he said. Janice's hands were shaking, but she unzipped her skirt
and let it fall around her high heels.

  "Now the blouse," he said. She had worn a beautiful, long-sleeved, grey silk
blouse, and she slowly unbuttoned it, and let it slip off to join the skirt on
the floor.

  "Step away," the man said, and she stepped out of the skirt. She now stood
before the stranger dressed only in high heels and grey thigh-high stockings.
The man smiled, and Janice lowered her head and closed her eyes, her hands at
her sides.. He ran his hands up her flanks, squeezing her buttocks.

  "Hands on top of your head," he said, and he cupped her breasts when she
complied.

  "Spread your legs," he told her. She did the best she could, afraid that her
heels would lose traction on the tile floor. Then he played with her body,
twisting and pinching her nipples, then sucking on each one in turn. He gave her
ass a few hard slaps with his hand, then knelt behind her, parting her ass with
his hands, running his tongue up the crack, drawing a soft moan from her. She
had carefully lubricated her anus that morning, as she did every morning, and
the man slowly wormed a finger into her tight hole. Keeping her ass impaled on
his finger, he began to open her cunt slit with his other hand, fingering her
until she was sopping wet.

  He stood between her wide-spread legs, and she could hear his belt buckle
clang on the tile floor as he dropped his pants. His cock was at the wet
entrance to her cunt, and he pushed her back a few feet until her ass was
pressed against the cold, tile wall. He pressed into her, sinking his cock
totally into her, and then he fucked her, pressed against the wall of her
executive bathroom, fucking her like a common whore. The man lifted her thighs,
and she wrapped her stockinged legs around him, and she climaxed as he pumped
his cum into her. He pushed her legs down, and pushed her to her knees, cum
bubbling from her slit.

  "Wait right there," he said. She heard him unlock the door to the corridor.
She heard a few whispered comments between two men, and after the door closed,
another stranger stood there. He pushed her head down to the floor and knelt
behind her. Without a word, he put his cock to her asshole and pushed. She was
very tight. He used his cock to capture some of the sperm leaking from her cunt,
then rubbed it around her brown pucker. Janice gasped as he opened her, and he
kept an unrelenting pressure against the small opening, until he slid into her.
He stroked into her ass a dozen or so times before he came. He held her hair and
scooted around to her face, presenting the soiled cock to her mouth. She could
smell the acrid smell of her own ass on the slimy member, but she opened her
mouth and suckled the head of the man's flaccid cock until it was shiny with her
spit. She heard the door close as he left.

  She could hear the phone in her office ringing as she knelt there, strangers'
cum seeping from her ass and cunt., her clothes scattered on the bathroom floor.
She had a toothbrush and toothpaste in her private bathroom, and she used them
to get the taste and smell of her own ass from her mouth and lips. She knew now
that she was just what her Master had told her he wanted her to be; a total
slut, a series of holes to be used by men, and she accepted that fact, and even
embraced it.

  She had a meeting to go to that afternoon, and she had to sit there with big
wads of toilet paper between her legs, chatting on about magazine cover designs
while the mens' sperm continued to ooze from her.

  That night at home she gave a man the key to her executive washroom, and he
left to go have copies made, while she entertained another group of men, some of
which she recognized, and some she did not. One of the men she recognized was
the doorman to her building, and he showed her his copy of the key to her front
door.

   Janice had to give the men a written copy of her work schedule, and she now
spent all of her free time in her executive bathroom. There was always at least
one man there waiting to use her during her breaks. On her lunch hour there were
sometimes as many as four, and then another one or two during her afternoon
break.

  Frequently now, a taxi would honk at her as she left the office, and the taxi
would deliver her to a destination other than her own apartment. Someone was
always waiting at her destination, and she would be escorted into some high-rise
building, where there was usually a group of men waiting for her. She noticed
the level of brutality increasing during these days. It seemed that the original
circle of men was decreasing, and she was now being shared by an older,
wealthier, more sadistic group of men. She was sometimes led into a dimly lit
office or apartment, exquisitely furnished, with a table or bench the focus of
attention, and she would be led to it and tied down. Men would be in the
shadows, sipping drinks, and she would be strapped or whipped, frequently to
orgasm, while they watched. Then she would be untied and her body offered to any
of them that wished to use her, and most of them usually did.

  Sometimes she got home with just enough time to shower and dress for work; her
body welted and bruised, and her jaws so sore from sucking cocks that she could
hardly talk. On the days when she was allowed to go home, she would collapse in
a hot bath, hoping that she could just rest. That never happened. The front door
would open and the doorman, or one of the men from across the street would be
standing next to the tub, and she would lean her head over to take him in her
mouth. The doorman had his own circle of friends, and when she was home, there
was a steady stream of men coming over to use her. These men didn't make her
exhibit herself in her apartment window, and her drapes were usually drawn now,
but some of the original men did come over in the middle of the night for a
quick fuck or a blowjob.

  She was taken one day after work to an apartment that she had been to before.
A long, black limousine was there to pick her up. She remembered that she had
been brutally treated by him and his friends, and she was a little afraid of
him. His name was Mr. James, she knew, and he was in his sixties, and obviously
very wealthy. The walls of the room that she was taken to were adorned with
framed photographs of young women in various bondage poses; some of them being
whipped by Mr. James, and some being tortured by unseen men.

  There were about ten men in the room, and Janice could see that one of them
had a young girl kneeling at his feet. She was naked except for a black leather
collar around her neck. Her body was criss-crossed with welts, and she had
obviously been the earlier entertainment.

  Janice was led in and stripped naked. Her hands were tied to a rope that hung
from the ceiling, and Mr. James strapped her until she was sobbing. Then he
sucked her red-hot nipples and fingered her strapped slit until she orgasmed.

  She heard the animal before she saw him; a big panting Great Dane, and he was
being led into the room. She thought she would faint at the thought of what was
about to happen, and she started to cry again. Mr. James untied her wrists, and
he supported her under her armpits as he let her sink to her knees on the
carpet. He nudged her in the small of her back with a highly polished, black
leather shoe, and she leaned forward, her head on the carpet. He used a riding
crop, tapping the insides of her thighs, until her knees were spread to his
satisfaction. The Dane was brought up behind her, and he mounted her back, his
huge, erect organ bouncing off the cheeks of her strap-marked ass. The young
girl that had been kneeling between a man's legs crawled to Janice's side. She
hefted the dog's huge penis in her small hand, and guided it to Janice's wet
cunt. A round of appreciative comments echoed in the room as the dog forced his
way into Janice's yielding body.

  Janice surrendered herself to the dog-rape, and she tried to relax and open
herself to the obscene penetration, the young girl holding the dog's shaft,
preventing the huge knot from entering Janice; it would have ripped her it was
so big. Janice had never felt so full, and the young girl rubbed her finger
along Janice's clit as the dog fucked her, and Janice had an orgasm just as the
beast pumped his huge load of hot dog-cum into her.

  She felt totally empty as the dog pulled out of her, his cum pouring from her
hole. She couldn't believe that she had cum while being fucked by a dog, but now
that she had, in front of all those men, she knew it wouldn't be the last time.
She laid there, collapsed on her side, while the other girl was pulled around
the room on her knees, sucking the cocks of the men that had been excited by the
carnal display.

  Later that evening, Mr. James bound Janice's tit's and clamped the nipples.
Then she watched as the young girl was knelt on the floor and given a severe
strapping by Mr. James. Janice was made to lick and suck the girl's cunt and ass
as a prelude to the girl taking the dog. The girl was awash in the glaring light
of a cam-corder, and Janice could clearly see the girl's small body absorbing
the huge shaft, and Janice was mesmerized at the sight. This time it was
Janice's turn to suck off the men that wished to have their cocks sucked, and
five of them did, excited by the sight of the hot-strapped girl rutting with the
big dog.

  It was getting light in the eastern sky when Mr. James' driver took Janice
home. The doorman gave them a big smile as the driver escorted Janice up to her
apartment. The man watched Janice's every move as she prepared for work. She
bathed and shaved and lubricated her anus, and her bruised tits complained as
she buttoned her blouse. She carefully applied her makeup, and they started for
the door. The driver stopped her in the hallway, and with a push on her
shoulder, he gently forced her to her knees. He unzipped his pants and withdrew
a long, fat cock. She sighed and took him in her mouth.  While she knelt there
sucking,  the door opened and the doorman of her building walked in. The driver
held her head down on his cock and filled her mouth with sperm while the doorman
unzipped his pants. As soon as the driver pulled out of her mouth, the doorman
inserted his cock and Janice only sucked for a short while before she was
swallowing her second mouthful of cum. The doorman zipped up and left; and the
driver waited in the bathroom doorway while Janice re-applied her smeared
lipstick.

  On the way to her office,  it occurred to her that she hadn't heard from her
Master in a long while. She assumed that she must be pleasing him or he would
have told her.

  At nine o'clock that morning, a uniformed man appeared in her office. She
assumed he was an employee of Mr. James, as he wore the same uniform as the
driver. He handed her an envelope.

  "You can read it in a minute," he told her, "come with me." He held out his
hand and led her from her desk to the private bathroom. He hiked her dress up
around her waist, and used his knees to spread her legs. He unzipped his pants,
took out his cock and was in her instantly, fucking her against the wall until
he came. He left by the door that opened into the corridor.

  Janice wiped the residual sperm from her cunt and returned to her desk. She
opened the envelope and read the letter.

  "You belong to me now," it read. "Your Master has sold you to me. You will
quit your job immediately, and leave the resignation letter on your desk. My
driver is waiting for you downstairs. You will not return to your apartment.
Everything in it will have been removed by the time you read this. All of your
bills and debts have been paid, and all accounts closed. As of this moment, you
don't exist in the real world. You exist only in mine."

  It was signed, Mr. James.

  Attached to the note was a neatly typed letter of resignation, explaining some
family illness. She didn't even read the whole thing, just signed it and left it
on her desk. She sighed. She had been wanting to hear from her Master, and now
she had, loud and clear. He had seen fit to sell her to Mr. James, and she
accepted her fate.

  She stepped out into the hall and into a waiting elevator, not seeing anyone
that she knew. The long, black limo waited for her at the curb, the driver
leering at her. As the car pulled away from the curb, she hiked her dress up
around her waist and parted her legs; she knew Mr. James would want it that way.

  The movers were busy loading Janice's possessions into a large, unmarked
moving van. Some men from the apartment across the street appeared and demanded
to know what was going on. Even the doorman was there. Envelopes stuffed with
cash were slipped into the men's pockets, along with spoken, barely concealed
threats for them to not ask too many questions.

  All around the city, Janice's belongings were being dropped anonymously at
charity organizations. Her furniture, her jewelry and her clothes; everything
she owned was liquidated...Janice wouldn't be needing any of it ever again.



                                         End....Janice's Fantasies




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  J.


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





