BDSM Library - Claire




Claire
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Claire, a 38 year old woman, enjoys the pleasures of her daughter's college friend. Just graduated, Alice arrives alone at the train station, where she meets Melanie's mother and lesbian pleasure takes over...
Claire

My name is Claire. I'm 38 years old, divorced for almost all my adult life and
very satisfied with the life I have made for myself. Today was going to be a
very special day for me - my daughter Melanie has recently graduated from
college in NYC and was coming home for the summer. I was going to meet her and
one of her friends from college at the train station and have them spend some
time with me before they started their job searches.

As usual, I was running late, so I just threw on a pair of shorts and a white
tee shirt and headed for the car. After speeding into town thinking I would be
late, I finally arrived at the train station just as the train from New York was
pulling in.

I was to meet Melanie outside the main entrance, but after most of the
passengers passed by, I was worrying that they may have missed the train. I
noticed a girl by the door to the station, surrounded by luggage, looking
somewhat forlorn and I wondered if that might be Melanie's friend Alice.

Walking over to her, I asked her if her name was Alice. She replied, "Yes. Are
you Mrs. Eagleton?" Smiling, I told her I was and asked that she please call me
Claire. She told me that Melanie was going to stay overnight in New York and go
to an interview in the morning and we were to pick her up tomorrow. She would be
on the evening train.

Alice looked a bit worn out and said that she offered to take Melanie's luggage
with her, which was why there was so much. Not a good decision, we both agreed.
After toting all the stuff to the car, we hopped in and began the drive home.
Alice asked if it would be all right to close her eyes and nap while we drove.
She was so tired from hauling all the luggage.

As she dozed, I found myself glancing over at her, taking in her long legs, her
skirt rising high on her thighs. She was wearing a white cotton blouse, that
clearly revealed her small, yet perfectly rounded breasts. From the shade of her
nipples showing through, it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra.

Since my divorce so many years ago, I had gone out with an assortment of men,
mostly very successful ones; but the longer I looked, the more sure I was that
no man was ever going to figure out how to satisfy my sexual needs. Most of them
were no better than high school backseaters - a couple of strokes, some sticky
cum and then collapsing their sweaty body on mine with no regard for my needs.

I was thrilled and somewhat surprised when I had my first sexual experience with
another woman. Not only were we both satisfied, we spent all night loving
tenderly. It was just so much better and I felt very comfortable with her.

Over the years, I had the pleasure of many female lovers, mostly my own age.
Still, there was something about Alice that awoke my pussy. Driving alone,
glancing at Alice, I noticed that my pussy was dampening and I found myself
teasing my nipples as I drove. I was hardly able to focus on the road!

Well, I almost drove off the road when Alice said softly, "Mine feel the same
way." Glancing quickly over, I could tell from the look on her face that she had
been watching me through partially closed eyes. She smiled and asked me what I
was thinking about that aroused me so. Not having a moment to think, I blurted
out "You."

Smiling, she told me she was glad that it was her and she reached up with one
hand and began unbuttoning her blouse, revealing small, firm, perfectly rounded
breasts, topped with dark brown puffy nipples, the tips extending out almost an
inch. She said, "See, mine feel nice too." Her fingers rose to them and gently
circled them. I had all I could do to drive!

I was driving faster now, wanting to get home quickly. Alice slipped off her
shoes and placed her bare feet, toenails painted a subdued red, on the
dashboard. Reaching down, she slid her skirt up her thighs, raised her hips
slightly and slid her skirt back even further. Looking over, I saw that she was
almost completely shaven, except for a thin line running straight up from the
top of her slit, which her fingers were now sliding down to.

Finally, I turned into our driveway and drove back to the house. It was set back
from the road, surrounded by trees and very secluded. Stopping almost at the
house, I hopped out quickly and ran to the other side of the car. Alice already
had the door open and I reached for her hand, helping her out. No sooner than
she was standing, we embraced passionately, my hands pushing her skirt down,
letting it fall to her ankles, where she kicked it aside. Her blouse was off in
an instant and I could feel her slowly back away.

"Claire", she said, "stand still and look at me." As she pirouetted before me, I
saw a vision of beauty, perfection that only a 20 year old can have. Again,
cautioning me to stand still, she came to me and slowly lifted my tee shirt over
my head, exposing my breasts, much larger than hers; but still firm and not a
bit of sagging. My shorts were next and soon I stood before her, naked, as she
walked around me, eyeing me.

"My, you are beautiful", she said. "But, perhaps you would let me trim you a
bit?" Self consciously, I looked down and told her that I have never been able
to figure out how to do a good job of trimming, so all my attempts were just so
much work that I stopped.

Taking my hand, she led me inside for what she said would be my most lovely trim
ever.

Hand in hand, Alice and I entered the house, leaving our clothes strewn outside.
We'd have to remember to get them later. But now, both our thoughts were on the
task at hand - trimming my overgrown bush. My mound is covered with dense,
straight, jet-black hair. Luckily, this thick growth was isolated to my mound,
with just a bit of hair surrounding my cunny and almost none around my anus. So,
you see, even though I was not as well trimmed as I would have liked, I was by
no means gross.

My house is a somewhat sprawling rancher, all on one level, with a fully
finished (and accessorized - but that's another story) basement. Upon entering,
you are in a large foyer, the back wall completely glass, overlooking the patio
and pool. Off either sides of the foyer are hallways leading to the two wings of
the house that extend back, framing the pool on three sides. To the right were
the main living areas, to the left were the three bedrooms, each with it's own
master bath. All the rooms in this wing also opened directly onto the patio.

Taking Alice's hand, I led her to the left, to my suite of rooms. Mine was all
the way at the end and I had a small sitting room off the bedroom, where I could
relax in private. Entering my bedroom, Alice pulled back the comforter and told
me to lie on the bed, sideways, with my hips almost to the edge. As I was doing
this, she disappeared into the bathroom.

Appearing a couple of minutes later, she came over to me, told me not to speak
and placed a scissors and comb on my belly, just below my waist and a my small
bottle of hair conditioner between my breasts. Waving my throwaway razor in my
face, she said' "This will absolutely NOT do! But I have the perfect tool in my
luggage." With a quick kiss to each of my nipples, she turned and ran out the
door and down the hall.

Lying there, naked, my imagination was running full speed. I knew that I would
do anything for Alice, anything that I could do to please her, regardless of my
pleasure. Somehow, however, I knew that we would both be satisfied - many times,
I hoped!

My eyes were closed as I dreamed of the things we would do and I subconsciously
began to open my legs when I felt Alice's light touch on my thigh. "You were so
peaceful," she said, "that I didn't want to bother you." "Shall we do this
later?"

Answering quickly, I told her I was dreaming of her and of us and the things we
would do together. She smiled and said that I would have to do exactly as I was
told and that I had to be perfectly still while the artist worked. Smiling at
me, she brought from behind her back a straight razor, glistening in the
sunlight streaming through the glass wall of the room.

I gasped slightly and she told me not to worry, that she had done this many
times before and that this was the tool that enabled her art to come to life.
Assuaging my concern, she went on to tell me how she had trimmed and maintained
her designs on so many of her college classmates. She actually got paid, she
told me; which was, I imagine, a lot easier than waiting tables!

Raising her finger to my lips, she hushed me, telling me I was to close my eyes,
do or say nothing, nor was I to move unless told, until she said I could. With
that said, she placed her fingers inside my knees and told me to open my legs
slowly. Guiding them with her fingers, she gave them a little squeeze and told
me that they were open far enough.

Her two hands rose over me, settling on my breasts softly, a slight tweak to
each nipple, before she slid them down, over my belly and picked up the comb and
scissors. Combing through the forest on my mound, first one way then the other.
"Getting the lay of the land", she said. Smiling, she told me that she was just
checking the denseness and growth pattern. Apparently satisfied, the comb and
scissors fairly flew through my bush, thinning and shortening it quickly.

After dusting the hair from me, she began to massage in the conditioner, no
water added, building up a good froth. Feeling her fingertips press into me,
stretching my skin taut, I then felt the blade of the straight razor. Actually,
I more imagined it, so light was Alice's touch. This went on for quite some time
with me perfectly still, trusting Alice completely. Soon, she wiped me off with
a soft, damp towel and cautioned me to keep my eyes closed.

Then her hands went to my labia, pulling, stretching, the razor seeking out any
hair on my pussy. Alice reached under one leg, raised it and I could sense the
razor moving around my anus, stroking away any errant hairs. Then, she did the
other leg, cleansing the other side of all unwanted hair.

I could hear Alice moving about, cleaning up, I imagined and then I heard her
tell me to look down. Opening my eyes, I saw that she had my magnifying mirror
angled over my mound, affording me a perfect view of her art. At first, I
thought that she had merely duplicated the straight line that she had running
down to the top of her slit. Smiling, I noticed two thin lines of hair spreading
out from the top of my slit to either side of the main line of hair. Slightly
bending, they formed a perfect arrow, pointing directly at the top of my slit.

I loved it and quickly said, "Alice, do you follow directions well?"

"Yes", she said.

"Good. Now follow the arrow and see where it takes you."

First her finger slid slowly down the shaft of the arrow, past the point,
pressed over my clit and slid in between my soaked pussy lips, burying itself
fully in me. As she did this, she leaned over, kissed me fully on the lips. We
somehow maneuvered side-by-side on the bed, caressing and teasing softly.

I leaned over and whispered to her, "Alice, my sweet, in thanks for your
delicious artwork, I am about to love you like you never have been loved.

Rising from the bed slowly, I looked down at Alice, so young and firm, so ready
for me. My fingers went to her lips, tracing them slowly before moving down,
caressing her neck. My lips met hers, tasting softly, enjoying the warmth as our
passion increased. Gentle nips on each other's lips as we played, teasing,
tongues darting out and back. Soon, our lips locked to each others, mouths
opening, slowly at first, then wide, allowing our tongues to explore deeply.

My fingers, feathery, moved slowly down, finding Alice's nipples, rising from
her round teacup-sized breasts. Her nipples, puffy and much denser than her
breast flesh, rose from her breasts proudly, erect at the center, jutting out
for me. My fingers lingered there, massaging Alice's breasts, teasing her
nipples, pinching them, pulling them out.

As my hands loved Alice's breasts, my mouth moved lower as well, kissing
lightly, her face, her neck, lingering on her throat before moving down to her
breasts. My mouth and tongue replaced my fingers, kissing, sucking, nipping at
her breasts. Alice began moaning ever so softly at the touch of my lips, her
chest expanded, pressing her sweet breasts to me.

Rising again, I lowered my breasts to Alice, offering them to her. Her head rose
rapidly, surprising me as she took in my left nipple, sucking deeply, drawing my
breast into her mouth. The suction was ecstasy, my nipple elongating as she
sucked, her teeth biting softly into my breast flesh, well back from my nipple.
Releasing me suddenly, Alice moved to my right breast, loving it in the same
manner. Looking down, seeing her teeth marks on me - I was in heaven.

My hands went to her face, then one hand to below her jaw, the other to the top
of her head. Pressing together, I felt her teeth dig deeper into my breast, the
pleasure excruciating. Pushing her head back, I could feel my breast stretching
as her teeth bit harder, straining to hold me inside her. Finally, her teeth let
go as her mouth slid back, and off, my breast, her teeth dragging all the way,
finally letting the tip of my nipple go with one last bite.

Collapsing to her, Alice and I became a tangle of superheated frenzy. Our hands,
insistent, roamed voraciously over our bodies. Turning at the same time, we
found ourselves lying on our sides, faces buried in each other's pussy, between
tightly clamped thighs. I was intoxicated by the scent exuding from Alice's
pussy. It was, all at once, strong and musky, yet surprisingly sweet.

Pressing into her, I could feel her juices covering my face as my tongue
explored, finding her little button clit, licking over it quickly, back and
forth, circling it, pressing into it and feeling Alice's response as her thighs
squeezed me tighter, pulling me closer to her.

Alice's tongue was having the same effect on me and my hips were thrusting
forward, humping her tongue as it slithered deep within my slit, probing me,
plunging deep into my cavern, into my wet, open pussy.

Soon, both of us here humping uncontrollably, our passion overtaking us, heat
rising, tremors of our nascent orgasm's beginning, rising, peaking, softening,
rising again to a greater crescendo. After each lull in our passion came an even
higher peak. Our orgasms strengthened even as our bodies slowed. Soon, we were
just rocking softly with each other, an occasional touch of the tongue bringing
paroxysms of ecstasy again, magnified greatly by the softness of the touch.

We continued like this for what seemed like hours, before finally falling
asleep, our faces still close to each other's pussys, soaked with the glory of
our pleasure.

Waking gently, eyes opening slowly, I looked slowly around, looking for Alice,
wondering - was it a dream? My smile broadened as I saw her through the wall of
glass. She was on the patio by the pool, lying on a chaise. Gazing at her, my
mind raced, thinking of how alive she made me feel, how fulfilled we both had
been. A brief thought of her age and of her being my daughter's best friend
passed quickly as my heart raced with the splendor of my feelings toward her.

I slowly got up and walked around to the other side of the house, stopping in
the bar and grabbing a bottle of Chablis and a couple of glasses. I walked
around the pool and across the patio to her, noting that her eyes were on me,
her glance moving over me, over my body. Feeling her gaze, my nipples instantly
hardened and my pussy dampened a bit as I moved toward her.

"I though we might relax with a glass of wine", I said. Alice smiled and told me
that she would like that. Placing the bottle and glasses down, I pulled over
another chaise and placed it directly next to hers, facing her. After pouring
the wine, I lay down next to her and we sipped silently for a couple of minutes,
our eyes never leaving each other's. It was obvious that she felt about me as I
did her.

After a while, still just gazing at each other, I saw her hand move down as her
legs opened. Her fingers lightly spread her labia and she began massaging her
clit. Looking directly at me, she said, "Masturbate for me, show me how you
please yourself, so I might learn how to please you better." Without a thought,
I angled myself a bit to ensure she had a good view of my pussy. Pulling my
knees up with my heels almost to my ass, I reached down with both hands and
began to massage my pussy lips, inside, opening, outside, closing - over and
over.

All the while I was playing I was watching her. She was almost totally focused
on her clit, circling it around and around, pressing down occasionally. Feeling
my pussy lips fully open, the heel of my hand found my clit, my middle two
fingers sliding deeply into my warm cavern. Sliding in and out slowly, savoring
the rising heat, I watched as Alice pinched her clit between her thumb and
forefinger and pulled gently.

We continued like this for quite some time. Each of us, almost simultaneously,
began to moan softly, content in our pleasure, heightened by the erotic pleasure
of enjoying another woman please herself as only she knows how. My left hand
took over, more insistent, pressing deeper and faster into my soaking pussy. My
right hand moved up, massaging my breasts, pressing into them, feeling the
hardness of my nipples. Alice continues with her clit, her back arching as her
teasing became a bit more forceful.

Looking at each other, alone in our private pleasure, yet together as one, we
both knew that our time was near. My right hand fairly leaped down to my pussy,
spreading it wide, two thumbs squeezing my clit as I slid three fingers from
each hand into my sweetness, feeling my orgasm explode over me, my pussy
flooding with wet pleasure.

At the same time, I watched as Alice, still pressing on her clit, slid one
finger into her pussy. I was astonished to see the effect as her hips jerked up,
knowing her orgasm was at least as strong as mine. One finger, so little effort,
just tender clit massaging had brought her there. Unlike me, who needed a bit
more forceful action to assure the height of my orgasm.

Panting, both of us continued, riding over and through the waves of pleasure,
until we finally both collapsed. After a moment, we sat up and faced each other,
sharing the taste of each other's fingers, fresh from heaven.

Alice looked at me and said, "Now you know how I like it and I know how you do."
I agreed with her and added that, "But I still like to experiment with different
methods." Smiling, she assured me that we would try many different things
together.

To be continued...




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr Smut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





