BDSM Library - Part Time Job




Part Time Job
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Cuckold husband wanted that his wife could make his fantasy came true. His wife did more than he asked for.
Part Time Job


	Karin's smooth labia parted at the tip of John's cock.  Slowly she
rocked herself back and forth, moistening her lips with John's pre-cum as well
as her passion juices. 
	I watched wide-eyed and silent, my own cock raging in my loins.  Alas,
it was not to be this weekend.  I servant to my wife while she took of business
as it pleased her... and it was pleasing her! 
	It cost me the same as it cost her John, $200... save mine was for the
whole of the weekend... and at a husbandly discount.  It had taken me the whole
summer to convince Karin to oblige my fantasy.  And it was with substantial
trepidation that I began my fantasy.  I stood in the corner of our room, her
'working' room at the hotel.  I wore a leather hood laced snugly at the back to
hide my identity.  I was bound in a butler's tuxedo.  No one knew who I was... 
I was to watch, in silence, cuckold through the whole of the weekend while Karin
plied her trade.
	Her eyes closed.  Karin licked her lips as John's cock began to
disappear into her hot sex.  Karin's vulva bulged with her own passions
penetrated as she sat slowly into her pleasure.  John's cock reappeared
glistening in the light from the wetness of Karin's pussy.  Karin's breasts
swayed sensuously as she sat again into John's manhood.  John grasped a nipple
between the fingers of each hand.
	"Harder", she grunted.... "Yes... harder."  Her nipples flattened at his
grip as he rolled her flesh in the vice of his fingers.  "Oh, yes...."
	Karin's breasts stretched as she tugged against his grip sitting harder
upon his loins, burying his cock all the deeper into her sex.  Karin shuddered,
caught her breath, and continued fucking her John. 
	John arched upward with a grunt.  His grip stopped its motion tightening
harder upon her nipples.  Karin spread her hips sitting more fully upon John's
manhood.
	"Yes!  Cum in my pussy!  Cum now...", she spoke in a guttural and loud
grunt. 
	I could see John's loins contract injecting his cum deep into Karin's
cunt.  His eyes bulged.  Karin sat upon him smiling.  Her well trained Keegle
muscles contracting about John's cock milking his manhood, pulling it deeper
into her sex, his energy gone John collapsed before her.  Karin smiled rolling
of her John.
	"Be a dear and get him a warm wash cloth."
	I knew my cue.  Standing in silence, my own unrelieved cock raging
beneath my restraints I warmed the cloth and returned it to her John.  Karin
smiled at me questioning as to be assured that wall was well.  I smiled and
nodded in silence.  Karin stepped into the shower.  I returned to my place in
silence. 
	The John dressed giving me a curious look.  "That was great Karin.  See
you again next week."
	
	
	
	Ever go to the titty bar? Call an escort service? Use a call girl? Feel
up the girl next door? Or 'do' your latest girlfriend?  All these women are
someone's daughters, someone's sister, someone's friend, someone's wife...
women... and often women you know from another walk in life.  So understand that
Karin is my wife, a woman just like any other, and I love her very much.  We are
a normal married couple.  We live mostly ordinary lives.  She is attentive,
loving, and sensual.  She has her days as I have mine.  She works and I work. 
It is her job however, that I believe you will find of interest, not any some
abnormality in our married life.
	Karin, my wife, is 26 now, 5'6" tall.  Her hair is a wonderful rich
auburn.  Her eyes are hazel almost green.  Karin is not a model.  She is pretty,
though average looking.  Yet to me she is gorgeous.  Her breasts are firm, round
36 C with large pronounced areolas.  Karin's nipples are magnificent, almost as
big as a man's finger and when aroused, as hard as the eraser on the end of a
pencil.  Best of all, she loves to have me roll them firmly between my fingers
while we kiss.  Her hips are shapely, round, and set wide apart.  The whole of
my hand fits between her thighs as I engulf her pussy in the palm of my hand. 
Best yet, she had herself laser shaved last year.  Karin does not shave her
legs, armpits, or pussy... and there is never any stubble.  From her neck down
she is as smooth and soft as the day she was born.
	She has a laugh that will light the day.  Her eyes glitter and sparkle
with the love of life.  She is unique, special and very much mine.
	The roots of her job began when we were in college.  As most of you know
college is fun, but born of sacrifice and struggle.  Karin had a year left.  I
was doing the last of my post graduate work.  We had many friends, good friends,
people we had struggle through school with for over five years.  We were broke,
all of us.  Weekly we would get together with one couple or another for board
games, cards, a few drinks and a few laughs.
	One particular weekend we had another couple, Jim and Susan, over to
play cards, being high rollers like we were 'penny-anti' was not on the table. 
In fact, we were playing with macaroni from a package of Mac-n-cheese.  The
winner got the package for dinner.  We had a few too many beers as it were, when
Karin said, "you bet your ass..." Jim quipped, "no, you bet yours."  So the next
bet Karin did.  We all laughed, but Jim let the bet.  Karin lost.  Jim won.  I
won the Mac-n-cheese dinner entree.  While Susan and I fixed dinner Karin paid
her bet with Jim.  Karin is not a silent lover.  Susan winced awkwardly at me as
we could hear Jim grunting, Karin moaning, talking... and cumming.  It was a bit
awkward in the kitchen so I was glad for the beers.
	The next time we played Karin and Susan both bet their asses... in the
same hand.  Susan bet first figuring that turn-about is being fair and all. 
Karin followed with a smile.  Not that anyone really ever figured it but Karin
won.  Jim and I fixed dinner.  Susan paid up.  Now neither Karin nor Susan had
ever had a lesbian experience.  So it became the talk of dinner.  From then on
one or the other of the ladies always paid off while dinner was being fixed.
	And when Karin got laid off at her job, because the company she worked
for hired a fulltime employee, well, Jim often paid part of our rent for a good
fucking.  I never considered it much at the time.  Jim offered to lend it to us. 
Karin just offered to take care of the debt.  They had been together several
times over the past several months so it seemed okay enough. 
	Karin got another job just before spring quarter ended.  Jim said
something about doing it again.  Karin seemed a little squeamish looking
awkwardly towards me.  I smiled and shrugged.  She winked and said okay.  Jim
paid Karin once a month for a good shagging, every month for the next year.
   	Then a mutual acquaintance of Jim and myself called... me... of all
things.  "Jim said, well, that sometimes Karin might do things for a few extra
dollars..." 
   	"Yes, she's been known to make a few dollars with Jim."  I was
astonished at Jim's big mouth... and Dave's brazenness. 
   	"I was wondering if you'd mind if I called Karin about....  You know....
Maybe, once in a while...  I mean if you'd find out... you know...."  He
stammered about.  After all, we kind of knew each other and all.  And he was
asking to fuck my wife, for money.
	So that night at dinner I asked Karin.  She squirmed, grimaced and
fiddled in her plate.  "Jim's one thing.  I mean we know him and Susan.... And
she knows... and we play cards together... What do you think?"  And the thing
was back to me. 
	"Well, Karin, I'm just not sure what to think really.  I'm not very
happy with Jim opening his big fat mouth.  I mean to tell someone else.  What
will they think?"  I asked rhetorically.  I suppose though we can always use the
money... but you're... well, you're my wife too.  I won't tell you what to do or
not do, nor will I stop you or be angry with you if you do this.  I always kind
of found it erotic playing cards and all."  I fidgeted some more.  "I think this
is one of those things you're going to have to decide for yourself.  I'll stand
by you either way... and I'll love you the same either way."
	It got real quiet through the rest of dinner.  We cleared the table. 
While standing at the sink Karin spoke for the first time in nearly thirty
minutes.  "Are you sure you wouldn't mind.  I don't want to ever do anything
that hurts you or that will cause troubles between us.  You are first in my
life, and I want you to always be first in my life."  She looked curiously at me
and paused.  "I like fucking Jim for the money.  I don't know why.  It's slutty,
I know.  But, Honey, forgive me, I like feeling that way sometimes."
	The obvious was starring my right in the face.  Lean this way or that
and the decision would be made.  "This is your decision, Karin.  I will stand by
you either way."  I wasn't going to lean either way on this.  Besides too, we
had already learned that fidelity is not made or broke between your legs.  Karin
had sex with Jim and Susan.  And I too had fucked Susan several times over the
passed year. and we were no worse for wear.  In fact, some of the most
passionate sex Karin and I had enjoyed was after those card games.
	Nothing was said between us as I dialed the phone.  I handed the
receiver to Karin as it rang.  "Hello."
	The moment of truth was upon us.  Karin spoke, "Hello.  This is Karin. 
I hear you have something you want to ask me.... Yes... No... That's enough...
Yes... When... Okay."  It was done. 
	Karin put the receiver down turning to me.  "Do you want to know?"  I
waited in silence.  Did I want to know?  If this was going to happen and/or be a
part of 'Us' and to whatever extent and I was accept it I kind of had to know
something, at least for awhile.  Didn't I?
	"Sure."  I said.  This was hard, hard for both of us.  Harder than I had
imagined.
	"Friday 3 PM.  While you're at class.  I'll get $100."
	"Okay."  Friday was tomorrow.
	There was a new crisp one hundred-dollar bill on the table when I got
home from class.  Karin was at work.  The bed was changed and made anew.  I took
the bill to the bank, opened a brand new savings account, something we had never
had before, and replaced the bill with a signature card for Karin's new account.
	Karin did not speak.   She just signed the card leaving it sit.  She sat
next to me on the couch.  We watched TV in silence.  Finally, I turned the TV
off.  We stood.
	"I feel like a whore."  Karin said flatly
	I put both of my arms about her, holding her close for a long while. 
"You are."  Karin flinched.  "And I love you." 
	"I guess I am now."  Yes.  Now she was a whore, and I loved her, and we
were still okay.  We fucked wildly that night, first on the couch and then the
table and then in bed. 
	Over the summer Karin's little secret grew into seven regular clients. 
Her saving account grew.  She worked her clients during school hours keeping her
part-time job through the rest of the year.  We fucked often, wildly after
nearly every 'date'.  I had no idea how often she worked or how much she was
making.  All I knew was that I enjoyed the sex that year.
	"I quit my job today." Karin said. 
	"Why?"  I was a bit stunned.
	"I make more with my 'dates' than I do working at the office."  Karin
peeked at me over raised eyebrows.  "Do you mind?"
	"No.  You've been doing this for over a year now.  Are you sure this is
the way you want things?"
	"Yes.  I make enough," Karin tossed the latest savings statement in my
direction... nearly eight thousand dollars... " And it is getting difficult to
work both jobs and be here with you as much as I want.  Quitting the office job
makes the most sense."
	"Sure."  I was stunned at the amount Karin had earned.  My subconscious
did a quick calculation... the number of tricks caught me by surprise.  "I
didn't know that you were working that much."  We stood washing dishes while we
talked.
	"I have turned a few prospective clients away just this past week. 
So... I've been thinking about this for a while... I think I can do better
working for myself."
	"Are you sure about this.  I mean, working this on the side is one
thing, but treating it like a job..." I let it trail off.
	"Well, it is a job, my job.  Do you mind?  If this bothers you I'll
stop.  I'll keep the office job."
	"No, that's okay.  But are you sure this is what you want to do...
full-time?" 
	"Not full-time, not yet anyway... maybe one day...  Yes.  I like what I
do.  Are you sure it's okay with you?"
	"Yeah, sure.  Are you being careful?  I mean with whom you pick as
clients... and you know... with disease and all?
	"I try to be.  I won't take anyone as a client that is not fully
referenced.  They have to be a referral from a current client, be stable,
discreet, and appear to be a repeating client.  A 'one-night-stand' is of no
value to me."  She dried the plate and put it away.  Then taking a seat at the
table she began again, "I have a degree in business.  I want to build a
business."
	"But Karin... prostitution is... well, illegal."
	"I've become a whore by choice, our choice... and that's okay, I like
it.  But I can be a businesswoman too.  It can be done."
	So Karin's business began that night.  And she has made it a business. 
She got a business license the next day... as a travel agent booking hotel rooms
for people supposedly visiting town."  We laughed till we cried at the irony of
the thing.  Karin took on new clients through out the summer.  I have no idea
how many clients she has or had after those first few months.  I didn't ask. 
But that summer Karin started a real business.  She had regular working hours,
day hours and twice a week during the evening.  We had a normal life, except for
the nature of her business.

 
	Mid fall of that year, Karin brought up the growth in her business. 
"Honey, I've decided to expand the business."  She paused for effect.  "I don't
want to work any more hours.  In fact, I'd like to cut back just a bit.  Clients
refer new clients all the time.  I think I could keep a part-timer busy anyway." 
Karin was talking about her business, like a business.  I listened.
	"And how do you propose to find another employee.  I mean it's not like
you can run and add or call Job Service."
	"Oh, I've already solved that really.   I talked to Susan.  I hope
that's all right with you.  She and Jim and coming to dinner tonight to talk
about things."
	"Does Jim know?"  I felt panic set in at the thought of springing this
on him.
	"Yes.  I played his conscious a bit though.  I told him I think it is
only fair that Susan help me since they kind of started this whole thing."  I
choked on my water.  "I have some company policies to review with them both and
some employment papers for her to sign...  and I signed us up for a good health
insurance through the company."
	Why not?  It was a business.  And she was treating it like a business...
so why not?  Employment applications, company policies, health insurance...
	"What did Susan say?"
	"No."
	"What?"
	"No... at first.  Then we talked about it.  I showed her my savings
account.  She was stunned.  She had lots of questions too...  I took her with me
a few times last week."
	"What.  Are you nuts?"
	"She just sat in the car while I took care of business.  Just so she
could get a sense of things.  I'll admit I had to talk her into it, but not too
hard.  The money is good.  The hours aren't bad and the work can be fun.  I've
got several clients I want to turn over to her.  I just don't want to be quite
so busy.  I mean... well, you know what I mean."  Karin blushed.
	"So how are you going to pay her?  I mean like an employee or what?"
	"Or what?"  Karin glowered at the implication.  "I'm not a pimp.  I
developed a trip sheet.  Money will be deposited with the company.  I haven't
taken cash for a long time now.  There are taxes to be paid both hers and the
companies.  There is the health insurance, and in time profit sharing and such. 
That is explained in the company policy brochure.  So... The company will keep
half.  I should clear ten percent before income tax, no more and no less.  My
personal income will take a hit too, because I have to work for the company
too."  It made sense.  "I've placed the company with an employee leasing firm to
take care of employment taxes and all."
	The business was growing....


	
	Jim and Susan arrived at our apartment as usual.  I had the cards out. 
We began to play as we had for several years.  Things seemed normal enough
though maybe a little tense due to the pending conversation.  I thought it best
to get the obvious out of the way and enjoy the rest of the evening.
	"I hear Susan is going to work with Karin."  Jim grunted as he looked as
his cards.
	"That's what I hear."
	"You okay with that?"  I asked pressing it a bit.  He paused, looked up
at me considering his words.
	"What am I supposed to say?  Did you want Karin doing this?  And I was
the one that started this whole thing.  Is Karin less respectable or less
important a person to me this passed year?  No.  So if I choose one thing or the
other I offend someone don't I?  I have accepted it.  Susan can give it a try. 
Then we'll see."  Jim seemed ill at ease but spoke without animosity.  So I too
accepted it.  The hand folded.
	Karin placed the employment paper in front of Susan.  She began filling
it out.  It was the usual things... and the W-2... and then the company
policies. 
	"I want to discuss these things with both of you."  Karin said.  "It is
important for all of us the understand and accept this... as a company... doing
business."
	Jim grimaced a bit.  Karin stepped tactfully over the groan.
	"First, Susan will be paid twenty dollars an hour, plus quarterly
bonuses.  The bonus will be the balance in her employee account after payroll.  
The company will take half of the fee to cover employee taxes, insurance and
such.  Susan will never ever accept money.  All billings will be done through
the Internet.  Your paycheck will be deposited electronically into your bank. 
You will get your assignments through email.  This is your job.  You show up
everyday and do your job.  No-shows will not be tolerated.  You will have nearly
everyday, though not all day long."  Karin squirmed.  "That would just be too
much.  Yuck."  She smiled a Susan.  Susan paled a bit.  "You will have to work
an evening or two once in a while but no more than two evenings a week.  Every
six months you will get a week's paid vacation.  Any questions?"
	"What is it exactly that I will be doing?"  Susan asked quietly.
	"That's a good question for Jim to answer."  Karin waited for Jim...
	"You'll do what they pay for."  Jim said flatly. 
	" Mostly you'll be doing what comes naturally.  You'll see.  And for
only a few hours a day."  Karin said calmly.
	"Well, I'm only making ten-fifty an hour now, so the raise will be
nice."  Susan said with resolve.  "Oh, what about tips?"
	"No money... ever."  Karin said with conviction.  "He can sign on and
pay a tip through the service.  Never accept money or discuss money in anyway. 
Do you understand?"
	"Yeah, sure."
	"Adults can have sex anywhere, in most anyway, and with anyone.  Money
makes it illegal.  So the money has to be handled by the company, through the
service."
	"I... I will be... a whore.  Won't I?"  Susan said very quietly her lip
quivering slightly.
	"Yes.  You will."  Karin said with a smile.  "Just like me.  Now let's
play."  Karin dealt the cards.


	Early the next day Susan called in a panic.  "What do I wear?  I don't
know what a whore wears!"
	Karin laughed.  "Tell you what meet me at the mall around noon.   I'll
buy you a new outfit for work.  You have two appointments this afternoon." 
Karin hung up the phone.
	"You sure she can do two the first time out?"  I asked as I finished
breakfast.
	"The first time's not the hard part.  It's the feeling like a whore
afterwards. The second time confirms that to oneself.  Been there, done that." 
Karin said flatly.  And she had.

	
	Karin dressed carefully.  She wanted to present the right image for
Susan.  She slipped her gray lace panties over her smooth skin, a matching bra
and beige nylons.  These she clipped to a garter.  Karin chose a pastel blue
blouse to cover her breasts.  A navy 'A' line skirt and she was off to meet
Susan.
	There was Susan, Levi's and a tee shirt. Good.
	Karin took her to Penny's.  Susan found a nice business suit, skirt and
jacket.  Next they shopped for blouses.  Karin picked two they both liked. 
Karin paid for it all.  It was a company expense.  Next they found Victoria's
Secret.  Susan and Karin giggled like a couple of schoolgirls over their first
bras as they shuffled through the drawers of lacy foundations.  In the end they
had picked several matching panties, bras, garters, and hosiery.  Susan
disappeared into the dressing room.  It took several long minutes during which
Karin bought a few new personal things for herself.  Susan reappeared looking
very professional, a businesswoman.
	"Look dignified, be dignified."  Karin whispered in her ear.  "Now it's
time to work."  Susan paled as she followed quietly behind Karin.  Karin drove
them both to the first appointment.




	"This first client is mine.  I want to watch and learn.  If it get
uncomfortable excuse yourself quietly to the restroom and wait.  He is aware
that you will be there.  He will become a client of yours.  His name is Scott. 
He is forty-ish, a professor, and very pleasant.  Any questions?"  Karin pulled
the car into the parking lot at the Days Inn and turned the car off.  "Scared?" 
Susan nodded.
	They got out of the car.  Karin walked over to the room and knocked
quietly.  The door opened.  Both ladies stepped inside.
	"Hello, Scott.  This is Susan she's new to our company."  Karin stepped
to the TV turning it on quietly.  "The TV muffles the sound."  Karin motioned
Susan to a chair at the table.  Susan sat as Karin stepped into the bathroom. 
The water turned on for a few seconds the off.  Karin folded the warm washcloth
and placed it next to the bed.  Then she tore open a package placing the condom
next to the cloth.  Slowly she began to gyrate swaying her hips back and forth. 
Karin smiled at Scott totally ignoring Susan.  The zipper at the side of Karin
skirt began to slide down.  Her skirt slipped off.  Scott watched with a stupid
grin.  Slowly sensuously Karin undid her blouse letting it slide to the floor
next to Scott.  Scott stood.  Karin undid his shirt... his pants... the bulge in
his BVD telling of his desire.  Karin pushed Scott to the bed as she slipped his
drawers off.  His erection stood tall.  Karin began to gyrate again as she
removed her bra while caressing her breasts.  Her nipple distended showing
Karin's own stimulation.  Slowly her panties fell away.  Susan marveled at the
smooth hairless twat before her.  Karin straddled Scott.  She took the warm
washcloth cleaning his cock sensuously.  Then Karin rolled the condom over his
seeping manhood.  Karin smiled placing the tip of his prepared manhood at her
labia.  Karin slowly worked back and forth across his cock until she sat fully
upon him.  He squeezed, cupped, sucked, and fondled each breast.  Karin moaned
in pleasure.  Her eyes closed as she fucked him.  Scott groaned arching his back
forcing his cock deep into her pussy.  Karin paused accepting his cum.  She
smiled as her tits swung playfully above Scott.  He licked and sucked them for
several minutes before Karin rolled off.  She strode the bathroom.  Karin spent
several long minutes refreshing herself before emerging.
	"So, you're gonna work with Karin.  Ever been in this line of work
before... oh, that's a stupid question... sorry.  So what did you do before
this?"  Susan seemed a little startled by the sound of Scott's voice.
	"I worked as a receptionist secretary at a Dental office."
	"So why this?"
	"Fair enough, because Karin's a friend.  She needed the help... and I
said yes."
	"Ready Susan?"  Karin said as she exited the bathroom.  "Till next time
Scott."  Karin blew him a kiss as they exited the room.

	"I never kiss any of them.  Kisses mean I love you.  Save that for Jim." 
The ladies sat into Karin's car.  The engine started.  Karin drove in silence. 
La Quinta.  This one was Susan's.  Karin turned the car off.  "This man knows
this is your first time out.  His name is Brad.  He's a mortgage loan officer. 
I'm going to take a bath while you take care of business.  Ready?"  Karin said
handing Susan a packaged condom.  "Always wash them and use a condom."
	"No."  Susan said flatly.
	"Good, then lets go get this one behind us."  They stepped out of the
car.  The room was upstairs.  For Susan it seemed to take an eternity just to
get to the room.  Karin knocked.  The door opened.  Susan stepped inside.  Karin
followed.
	"Brad, this is Susan I told you about.  She is a very good friend of
mine.  She'll take good care of you."  Karin walked passed the TV turning it
on... and closing the door behind her.  Susan followed in silence.  She warmed
the washcloth and exited the room.  Karin closed the bathroom door.  Karin
stripped before drawing herself a tub of warm water.  The water felt good as
Karin sat down.  She waited...
	Susan appeared.  Tears trickled down her cheeks.
	"Done?"  Karin asked quietly. 
	"Yes."  Susan wept quietly
	"This is the hardest part."  Karin stood reaching for a towel.  "Now
strip down and take a bath.  It is refreshing.  I'll take care of things from
here."  Karin wrapped the towel tightly about herself stepping from the
bathroom.
	"So did she do well for you?"  Karin paused.
	"Sure.  She was great!"  Karin closed the door giving Susan her time.
	"Brad.  I need the room for a while so if you don't mind."  Karin handed
the towel to Brad.  He enjoyed the view as Karin fussed about the TV channels. 
Brad used the towel, dressed and left.  Karin gave Susan an hour in the bath. 
It was almost time for her next client.
	"Susan.  We need to go."  Karin opened the door, gathered her clothes
and exited quietly.  Susan was still weeping.  Karin dressed and waited.  Susan
appeared, not totally refreshed but dressed and ready for her next appointment. 
Karin opened the door as they left the room behind.
	"So how are you doing?"  Karin asked as she drove slowly... taking a
longer route.
	"Oh, not so good.  I feel dirty."  Susan's eyes watered.
	"Yeah.  I remember how I felt.  I showered for an hour trying to wash it
off.  I couldn't.  I just felt dirty... slutty."
	"Exactly."  Susan sat in silence.  "When does it change?"
	"I'm not sure.  I like sex.  I kind of found the slutty feeling erotic
in a strange way."  Karin turned the corner.  "It's what you make of it really. 
I like fucking more than filing!"  Karin smiled at Susan as she stopped the car.
	Susan sat in silence...  "Yeah.  I guess that's true.  I always hated
filing."
	"Ready?"  Karin asked as she pulled into the parking space.
	"Yeah."  Susan opened the door and stepped out.  Karin walked to the
room, made introductions and returned to the car.  Karin waited reading her
novel.  Susan reappeared; this time without the tear stained cheeks.
	Karin started the car towards the mall.  "Well, Suz, it's done for
today.  You did well.  How are you holding up?"
	"I'm okay.  It's not like I feel any different really... I'm still me. 
Do you ever enjoy it or is it just a job?"  Susan asked honestly. 
	"Oh, sometimes I do."  Karin smiled.  "Some of the guys are pretty
good... and it depends on my mood too.  I even cum sometimes."  They giggled.
	"I suppose you would."  Susan spoke wistfully.  "It does feel good... 
I'm just not sure how to deal with Jim when I get home."
	"Don't say anything.  Let him ask what he will.  Be honest... love him,
and fuck him senseless tonight.  It will help his masculine security.  Oh, check
your email.  You've got two appointments tomorrow and one on Friday.  The week
has a way of filling up.  Remember no money... ever Susan."  Karin stopped next
to Susan car. 
	Susan worked sporadically that first week.  Her schedule picked up the
second week.  The third week Susan began to see repeat customers.  She was
adapting to her job and working well enough.  All things considered Karin's
first employee was doing fine.  Her paycheck was deposited... a full hundred
dollars more than she normally took home.  Susan was pleased.  Jim seemed happy
at our next card night.  On our second card night Karin and Susan spoke of
business...
	"I think we need to find some more help.  What do you think?"  Karin
asked.  Susan smiled.
	"Yeah.  I could use a little help.  Who do you have in mind?"
	"I asked around a little.  I think there is a girl working her way
through school that might help out.  Her name's Jill."
	"Okay.  Have you talked to her."
	"Not yet."
	"Does she know what we do?"  Susan asked... now that was the real
question wasn't it.
	"She has an idea.  She has done some escort work in the passed."  Karin
said picking up her cards.
	"Oh, how'd that new lady client go?"  Karin asked.
	"Fine.  I kind of like the change.  Have you tried her?"  Susan asked
tossing in a chip.
	"Sure did.  Thought I'd sample the goods first."  Karin grinned.
	"Cool.... Thanks."  Susan said.
	"Enough!!!" I grunted feeling the woody rising in my pants.  "How are we
supposed the think when you girls are talking shop?"  Karin and Susan laughed. 
Jim groaned as Susan displayed three 7's.
	"God damned hard on..." Jim grimaced.  Susan smiled as she stood up.
	"I'll be right back."  She took Jim by the hand leading him into the
other room.  I heard a zipper, and Jim groan.... Then Jim cum as Susan took care
of her man.  Karin smiled...
	"You'll get yours later." 
	


	Karin devised a simple method for booking.  Each of her employees used
the name of an out of state golf course for scheduling.  Dates and times could
be booked in complete anonymity as simple tee times.  Bookings were paid by
credit card in advance.  The confirmation number told the client the hotel and
room number, which Karin always varied.  Bookings for small parties and such
were as simple as singles v. foursomes, etc.
	Karin's business grew.  By the end of the second year Karin had six
employees, not counting her and Susan.  That was as big a company as she wanted
to run.  She and Susan worked less in the field and more in the office.  Running
a business takes time.  And Karin was determined to make it a sound business. 
She provided health benefits, profit sharing, and even paid for vacations for
the most bookings.  She kept her girls as busy as they wanted to be. 
	Karin kept things discrete, profitable, and classy.  Anyone violating
company policies was terminated immediately.
	I graduated and got a good job in town.  Karin provided the down payment
on our first home.  I took it from there.  Karin took the next year off... our
first child... but after a while she returned to work... "FUCKING is better than
FILING!!"  She says...


Your comments are welcome @ Golffdude45@AOL.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Golffdude


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





