BDSM Library - Police Brutality




Police Brutality
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A man, after work, stops for a needed pee and gets stopped by a policewoman. Trading servitude for jail, he gets what he deserves.
Police Brutality

After another in a series of extra long days in the office, I decided to stop at
the strip club downtown by my office for a couple of cocktails and some visual
stimulation.  After a couple of hours and god knows how many bills in the girls'
garters, I left for home, knowing that my pleasure that night would be solitary. 
Just me and my carnal desires, warmed by the memories of the naked dancers - so
close, but not to touch; I would be alone, my hand pleasuring my cock, my cum
spurting on only my belly.

Leaving the club, I started walking to my car which was parked a couple of
blocks away.  After only a block, I felt the very insistent need to pee. 
Looking around quickly and seeing no one, I unzipped and let loose a warm
stream, splattering the tire of a car parked on the street.  Smiling at the
relief, eyes closed and enjoying the release, I suddenly felt the pain as I was
struck behind both knees.  I dropped to the ground and felt a club stroke across
my shoulders, dropping me fully to the ground, writhing in pain.

After a moment or two, feeling no more blows, I tentatively opened my eyes,
tear-filled from the pain and looked up.  Towering above me, fully dressed in
black, stood a very tall, well-built woman.  Dangling from her hand was an open
wallet, swinging slowly, the light from the street lamps glinting off the gold
shield.  Before I could say a word, she commanded me to stand, lean against the
car and spread my arms and legs.

Practiced hands flew over me, searching.  Finding nothing, I was told to turn
and face her.  As I did, I remembered my cock - it was still out!  Reaching down
quickly, wanting to zip back up, I was surprised as she curtly told me to stop. 
Backing up her command, her hand flicked ever so quickly, bringing her
nightstick hard against my hands, knocking them away.

Looking down at my hands, I noticed for the first time that my pants were soaked
- I guess I continued to pee after I fell and must have rolled around in the
puddle I had been making.  Looking at the officer, I saw her smile just before
she asked me whether I thought being jailed for public lewdness would be fun. 
Responding quickly, I told her that I didn't think it would be and I asked her
if there wasn't a way that she could overlook this one indiscretion.

She asked me if I was sure I wanted to pursue a different way of resolving the
situation.  I immediately responded, "Yes, Ma'am, anything but being arrested." 
Smiling broadly, she said that she could arrange to forget the offense if I did
exactly as I was told.  Immediately, I assented, thinking all would soon be back
to normal.

"All right, then", she said, "remove all your clothes now!"  Hesitating, I
started to protest, not expecting such a request.  The next thing I knew, I was
on the ground once more, writhing in pain from the blow her nightclub struck - a
hard uppercut between my legs, catching my balls with full force.  Unable to
speak, I stumbled to my feet as she told me to and fumbled with my pants, trying
to remove them.  Soon, I was standing before her, naked, my cock and balls
aching from her blow.

Moving behind me, prodding me with her nightstick, she directed me up the stairs
of the very house I had been peeing in front of.  I was soon to find out that it
was hers and that she had just finished a 72 hour shift and had arrived home and
was unlocking her door when I started to pee on her car's tire.

Entering the house, I remembered my clothes, piled outside and asked if I could
get them.  Harshly, she told me that I would not need them and brandished her
nightstick over my cock, tapping it lightly.  Surprisingly, I wondered whether
this might turn out all right.  Who knows?  I might even get fucked!  At the
thought, quick as it was, my cock stiffened a bit and, sure enough, she noticed. 
Smiling, she moved closer, placing her nightstick between my legs, rubbing my
balls softly.  Leaning over, she whispered in my ear, "Are you having dirty
thoughts?"  "Yes", I responded and immediately felt the pain of a sharp blow to
my balls!

Crying out in pain, I screamed, "What the fuck do you want?"  "You, asshole",
she responded.  "I want you and I have you, so just do as you're told!"

Prodding me from behind, she forced me down a hallway and then down, into the
basement.  My eyes opened wide as I beheld the basement - wide open, totally
decorated as a dungeon, with all the devices I had seen on the web porn sites I
had visited and some I had never seen!

In the center of the room was a narrow table and she told me to lie down on it,
facing up.  Not knowing what other recourse I had, I did as I was told.  Moving
swiftly, she cuffed my hands down to the legs at the top of the table and
quickly moved to my feet, where she cuffed my ankles to two chains, dangling
from pulleys on the ceiling.  Pulling quickly on the other end of the chains,
she raised and spread my legs up and apart until I thought I would split in two. 
Belting my waist to the table, she elevated and spread my legs even more!

Even with my fear, my brain keep wondering, imagining - erotic thoughts filling
me - my cock began to rise once more.  Reaching up, she grasped a circlet of
leather dangling from the ceiling from yet another chain.  Bringing it lower, I
watched in fascination as she encircled my balls with it.  My fascination turned
again to fear as she pulled it tight, my eyes open wide as I watched her tighten
it more, causing my balls to swell, purpling as she continued to tighten the
leather loop.

Quickly yanking the other end of the chain, my balls rose rapidly, a scream
emanating from my lips, as they pulled away from my body.  Wanting to raise my
hips to relieve the pain, I could not, thanks to the binding around my waist. 
My cock shriveled immediately.  I don't think I had ever seen it so small, even
outside in the winter!

Reaching over, her cold fingers took my cock and forced it through a shiny,
steel ring, smaller than my flaccid cock.  I could feel tiny prongs on the
inside of the ring.  She attached a chain to the ring and threaded it through
yet another pulley in the ceiling and pulled, stretching my cock until it was
longer than I had ever seen it, although it was as thin as one could ever
imagine!  Amazed, I watched as my cock stretched, feeling the prongs grasp me. 
Noticing, only now, thin rivulets of blood, slowly sliding down my bound cock,
feeling the prongs now, piercing the rim around my cock head.

But now, the pain, though powerful, was almost exquisite!  MY god!  Was I really
enjoying this?

Expectantly, I watched as she lowered two four pronged clamps from above,
attaching one to each of my nipples, the prongs digging deep as she raised them. 
When she stopped, I knew that they had both pierced me fully, as I watched the
blood slowly trickle over my chest.

I could sense her displeasure with my contentment.  I could feel that she did
not expect me to enjoy this.  Was I enjoying it?  Yes, I think so.  My cock
could not possible get stiff, but my mind was so willing, so wanting, so needing
her pleasures...

Walking around me, observing my facial reactions, I could see her glower deepen. 
Stopping between my legs, she looked down at me and asked me would I serve her
well.  Somewhat timidly, I told her that I would, that I would be here for her
pleasure, in any ways that she may desire.

Smiling, she walked around me once more, stopping by each chain and elevating
another notch or two, each pull, stretching me, my balls, my cock, my nipples... 
Back between my legs now, she smiled and I felt something against my asshole,
open to all thanks to my legs being separated.  Fear again took over as I
wondered...  She wouldn't, would she?  Gasping, that question was immediately
answered as my asshole was violated deeply.

I had often finger fucked my ass with one finger, but this had to be her
nightstick!  She kept pressing!  It felt like she had shoved eight inches up
there, into my almost virgin ass!  Shit, it hurt!

Turning, she walked away from me toward the stairs.  As she left, she tossed
back, "Think about how well you will serve me."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Dr Smut


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





