BDSM Library - Amazon dot cum




Amazon dot cum
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: In order to keep her job, Tracy is forced to take on additional duties . . . duties that are more manual in nature.
Amazon dot cum
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by
sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********


I work at a home office of a large retail company in South Africa.  It used to
be a nice  place to work until she came along - my boss the bitch.  Now every
day was full of dread  - of worrying if and when she would call me to the
office.  Sally got the call the week  before last and Angie last week.  They
each left the office crying and with a box.  The  box.  The box in which they
packed their belongings in the box and left. 

I had just gotten the call moments before.  The call to report to the bitch's
office.

I wiped my sweaty hands on my skirt to dry them, and knocked on her door,
looking  through the crack to see if it was alright for me to enter.  She put a
hand over the receiver  of the phone and said, "Can't you see I'm busy.  I'll
call you in when I'm ready for you."

See, I told you, she was a bitch.  She was hired a few months ago and my life
has been a  living hell ever since.  To make matters worse, she was a woman of
colour.  She  obviously wanted me out, so she could hire another black for my
position.  I had already  been written me up twice in one week.  One more strike
and I was out the door. 

Did I mention I lived in South Africa?  After Apartheid ended and with this new 
affirmative action crap, it was inevitable that I might end up working for a
black.  I did  my best to delay this by transferring over to high-tech and the
move served me well.  I  was well paid and happy . . . that is, until she came
along. 

I tried to get along . . . *honest*, but you have to understand, I was from the
older  generation.  At thirty five, in the back of my mind, I still thought of
people of colour as  maids and janitors, not supervisors -- and definitely not
my supervisor.

The worst part was, she was good, incredibly bright, and hungry for everything -
money,  power, the works. My only thoughts were of keeping my well paying job
since my  husband had been laid off and of my eventual retirement.  With
unemployment at over  fifteen percent, a house payment, and a car payment, just
keeping my job was my top  priority. 

"I'm ready for you now Tracy," she said from behind the door.  "Have a seat,"
she said,  pointing in front of her as she leaned back imperiously, feet crossed
on top of her desk.   She was obviously reveling in her newly acquired power.

I sat down and swallowed.  I felt hollow inside.  The dreaded pink color of the
reprimand  form lay atop her desk, beside it sat a box.  The box my belongings
would be packed.   The box I would have to explain to my husband when I went
home early.

"Tracy, do you remember when I asked you to pull a report on the average
business  transaction ratio?"

"Yes, ma-am."

"Well, luckily I checked the numbers by hand, because the numbers you gave me
were  total shit."

Oh God, this was it, I was going to be fired.  Everyone makes mistakes, but
lately I was  making more than my share, just from the stress of knowing she was
looking over my  shoulder, watching my every move, waiting, patiently waiting
for me to slip up. 

"Please Ms. Moore," I begged with tears welling in my eyes.  "I need this job."

She crossed her arms behind her head, the edges of her mouth turned up in a
grin.  The  young black bitch obviously enjoyed putting the screws to me.

"You don't act like it," she said.

"I do," I said, tears now pouring down my cheeks, probably ruining my mascara.
"Please,  let me prove it.  I'll work longer hours.  I-I'll do anything.   I
promise.  I won't let you  down again."

"Well," she said.  "There might be *something* you could do."

"What?" I said, wiping the tears from my eyes.  I didn't like the way she said 
*something*, but *something* was better than *nothing*.

"Here."  She handed me a tissue to dry my tears.  "Clean yourself up."

"Thank you," I said, drying my tears.

"You see Tracy, this job is very demanding.  Doing my own work and checking
after  yours and everyone else's has left me with little time for myself. 
Without some relief, I  keep getting more on edge and a little bitchier every
day.  That doesn't do anyone any  good, does it?"

I shook my head, afraid this was some sort of trick.  Maybe if she knew she was
being a  bitch, maybe she could stop.

"Good, we are in agreement then?"

I nodded.

"Great.  You are officially my relief girl."

"Relief?"  I asked.  What did she need help with?

She looked down at her crotch.  There wasn't a hint of grin left in her face,
only hunger.   "Relief," she said, sort of drawing it out, the f sticking to her
lips.

Jesus, this was harassment, but no one would believe me.  If I tried to tell, I
would just be  a white woman with a grudge against the new black supervisor.

"I-I'm not t-that w-ay," I stammered.

"I'm not either," she said, as if she were offended by my suggestion.  "But I
need  something to take the edge off and I'll take it any way I can get it."

"D-do it y-yourself," I replied indignantly.

"You mean, masturbate?"

"Yes." I was blushing furiously.  This wasn't the kind of conversation I wanted
to have  with anyone, much less my boss.

"I've tried.  It doesn't work for me," she said.  "It has to be someone else. 
Will you do it  or not?"

"But, I'm married and I've never had sex with a woman before."

"It isn't sex," she said.  "Listen, you've had a maid before right?"

I nodded my head.

"And she was black, right?"

I didn't like where this was going.  I didn't like it at all, but again I
nodded.  I couldn't  meet her eyes.

"And she did the stuff you didn't want to do and for a lot less than you are
making now  correct?"

Again I nodded.  This nodding seemed to be getting me deeper and deeper in the
shit.

"Well, *I* don't want to have to masturbate and get my hands dirty as it were. 
I'm also  willing to go through the office and clean house until I find someone
who will, or get  some people who will work so I can get it on my own.  Now,
will you do it or not?"

I nodded my head - beaten.  Sallie and Angie could afford to leave.  Sally had a
family  she could move in with and Angie had a husband with a job. 

"I didn't hear you."

"Yes," I whispered.  "I-I'll do it."

"Wise decision," she said, nodding at me.  "Be a good girl and lock the door."

Somehow I managed to walk with weak legs to the door and lock it. 

"Now," she said.  "Take off your clothes and set them on the edge of my desk."

"W-why?" I stammered.  This was going further than I thought and much more
quickly  than I imagined.

"I don't want there to be any mistake of who has the power here.  If you see my
body, I  see yours."

"I won't look."

She signed the paper on her desk and threw it at me.  "Go pick up your check and
get the  fuck out.  Don't forget to clean out your desk."

Tears ran down my cheeks as my fingers fumbled with the buttons on my blouse.  I
was  doing it.  I was stripping in front of her -- stripping in front of the
coloured girl ten years  my junior.  Soon, I was in front of her only clad in my
panties and bra. 

"Those too."

I turned around and finished disrobing.

"Okay," she said, standing up and then sitting on the desk with her back to me. 
"Come  here."

I walked over to her and even though I was standing while she was sitting, she
glowed  with power.  Her legs were splayed slightly and I could see the hint of
her panties.

I moved to sit down in her vacant seat, but she kicked it out from behind me. 

"Kneel down and take my panties off."

I went down to one knee and looked up at her grinning face.  This wasn't just
about sex.   It was obvious she was reveling in my humiliation.  I made up my
mind then and there; I  couldn't go through with it.  I would have to adjust my
standard of living, but I rather  deal with that than being humiliated by
this-this . . . black.

"I can't do this." I said getting back up.  "I'll just pick up my check and
leave."

She grabbed my wrists and struggled with me.  "Let go of me, you're hurting me,
you  crazy old bitch."  She grew louder as she struggled, still gripping my
wrists tightly.

I was puzzled at first.  What did she mean?  She was the one holding on to me -
forcing  me to pleasure her.  Then reality set in.  Whoever came in would see
her wrestling with a  larger naked white woman.  They would surely think that
*I* was the one trying to do  something to her.

"Please-don't.  Please be quiet." I begged, going back down on my knees.  "Don't
make  me do this."  My hands were already moving under her skirt.  I grabbed her
panties and  pulled them down.  They were small, thin, and silky.  The crotch
was damp.  I could  smell the hint of her musk.

She leaned back on her arms and spread her legs to each corner of the desk. She
was a  pretty girl with dark skin and without an inch of fat.  I was instantly
jealous not only of  her body, but her lack of inhibition, and her strength. 

"Get to work, slut" she said, smiling a superior grin, her eyes twinkling down
at me.

I've just got to get this over with, I told myself, reaching between her
muscular thighs  with my shaking hands.  The hair on her crotch was darker and
much curlier than my  own.  Her labia were almost purple in color.  I parted
them with my fingers and traced  another along her wet opening.  I was thankful
she was wet, because I had no idea what I  would have to do if foreplay was
necessary. 

I had masturbated myself before and sought to apply my skills in as professional
a  manner as possible.  Well, as professional as you can be, kneeling between
your boss's  legs.  I slid my finger up and down the slit of her sex and
alternately worked her clit in a  tight circle.  Soon she was breathing heavy
and her sex flowed freely, coating my fingers  with her shiny fluids.  My
wedding ring glittered next to her glistening clit.  I couldn't  help but think
of my husband and be ashamed.

"Look at me," she said.

I was desperate not to have to look at my wedding ring, but I still couldn't
bear to meet  her eyes. 

"I said, *look at me*," she repeated in that same commanding tone.

I reluctantly met her flashing eyes from beneath my bangs. 

"I give you an easy job like this and you can't even do it right, can you?"

I was crying in humiliation.  "I'm sorry," I whimpered, increasing the speed of
my  fingers.  "I'm trying.  I'm really trying.  I've just never done anything
like this before."

"You better try harder, pussy girl."  Her face screwed up and she licked her
lips.  "That's  right.  You're a pussy girl now.  *My* pussy girl.  My white
pussy girl."

God, why was she saying these things to me and why was it having such an effect
on me?   My nipples ached and I could feel my juices running down my ass.  I
prayed she  wouldn't notice.  I started using both hands in hopes of finishing
her off, so I could get  out of there.

"That's it pussy girl, do my clit and finger fuck my pussy at the same time."

She talked so filthy.  She seemed so worldly.  I worked her as fast as I could. 
Her musky  scent filled my nose and her wet juices were all over my hands.

"Goddamnit girl, a monkey could do a better job.  Give me one reason why I
shouldn't  fire your ass and put you out on the street."

I slipped another finger in - anything to please this demanding girl.  "I'm
sorry," I  begged.  "I'm trying.  I'll do better - I promise."

Her faced winced in agony.  I slowed in case I was hurting her.

"Don't you stop.  Don't you dare stop.  And keep looking at me.  I don't give a
shit what  happens, you better look me in the eyes."  She bit her lip, groaned,
and clutched her  breasts through her business suit. 

"Work that pussy girl - work that pussy," she repeated breathlessly.  Her hips
spasmed  and her sex clutched at my fingers.  She was cumming.  Her legs fell
from the desk,  landing over my back.  She trapped my head between her thighs,
squeezing rhythmically  with her orgasm.  I looked her dead in the eyes, never
ceasing the motion of my fingers,  until she commanded me to stop.

Afterwards, she propped her feet back on the desk and tossed the box of tissues
down on  the floor.  I took some out and cleaned her soaked sex without being
asked.  When I was  finished, she got up and I cleaned my fingers and the wet
spot on her desk.  

"Your relief-work today was lackluster Tracy, but I don't hold you to blame,"
she said,  sitting on the edge of her desk, with one leg crossed over the other.  
I was still on the  floor with my legs pressed tightly together lest she
discover the signs of my arousal.

"Go on, get dressed," she said.

I covered my crotch with my hand and made to get away from her to dress.

"Stop," she said, blocking my path with a leg, and grabbing my wrist.  "What are
you  hiding down there, Tracy?"

"Nothing," I gasped.

She moved my hand out of the way and observed my wet pouting sex.  I had no idea
why  it did such a thing; I hated every moment of the experience and had never
been so  humiliated in my life.

She chuckled before continuing, "Yes, I hold myself to almost entirely to blame. 
After  all, it is my job to inspire my girls, isn't it?"

"No, it's my fault," I said, thankfully able to put my clothes on.  "I-I just
never did  anything like that before.  I-I'm just not any good at it."

No, not any good at it at all.  She would just have to find someone else.

"Am-am I finished?" I asked.  Please dear God, let me be finished.

"No," she said, tossing me her panties.  "Go clean these and dry them.  Then
return them  back to me."

I hid them in my coat pocket and made my way to the restroom.  God, what a
bitch.  I  couldn't believe she had the audacity to make me clean her panties
afterward.  My face  burned as I proceeded with the humiliating task of cleaning
her soiled undergarmetns.  I  was drying them when someone else came in.  Her
eyes bulged out when she saw what I  was doing.

"I-I can explain," I said.

"Sure you can," she said sarcastically as she locked herself in the stall.

I dried them as quickly as possible before the girl got back out and went back
to Thandi's  office to give them back.

"Well, don't just stand there," she said, as she got up and turned around,
raising the hem  of her skirt as she did so.  "Put them on me."

I had to get down on my hands and knees to do so.  I think she deliberately
pushed her  bubble shaped bottom in my face.  In fact I'm quite sure of it.  I
turned my face to the  side and hurriedly pulled her panties up and in place.

"Get them out of my crotch and smooth them out."

That which does not kill me, makes me stronger, I said to myself, as I completed
this new  degradation.  Somehow, I was able to summon a renewed strength.  Yes,
she would fuck  up or either she would get promoted.  Either way, all I had to
do was wait her out.  I  pulled the panties out of her crotch and smoothed out
the wrinkles.

"Good job Tracy.  You're a smart girl, the kind of girl who will keep her mouth
shut.   Aren't you?"

"Yes ma-am," I said.  The kind of woman who will be here long after you've gone 
Thandi.

"Ma-am . . . I do like the sound of that.  You'll call me that in the future,
won't you girl?"

"Yes, ma-am," I managed to force out.  I wasn't a girl.  I was ten years her
senior.  I  couldn't call her what I wanted to, which was BITCH, so I would have
to settle for  ma'am.

She reached in her pocket book, pulled out ten rand, and pressed it into my bra. 
"That's  for being a good girl - a dutiful girl.  Why don't you take off early
today?"

Thank heavens for small miracles.  I needed to get out of there desperately,
somewhere I  could think.  I couldn't bear the thought of being in the office
with her for even one more  hour.

"Thank you, ma-am," I said, backing out of the door before she changed her mind.

"Oh, and Tracy,"

"Yes?"

"That money is for you - no one else.  Spend it on yourself before you go home. 
Buy  some earrings.  I like big hoops by the way.  Or get your nails done.  It's
up to you, but I  want to see whatever you decide on tomorrow."

The ten rand might have been beneath my bra, but it felt like a badge
proclaiming, look  here -- look at the whore - look what she does for ten rand. 
I couldn't bear to look at any  of my co-workers as I went to my cubicle, picked
up my pocketbook, and left.

To be continued.


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.  Pursuant to  the Berne Convention, this work is copyright
with all  rights reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.




Amazon dot cum
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, MF, domination, chastity)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by 
sexually explicit stories and situations.  

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

"Fuck her," I said as I drove home.  I wouldn't get earrings or my nails done.  It was bad 
enough that she pulled that shit on me at work, but there was no way I was going to allow 
her to control my private life.   Then I realized that if I went home, I would have to 
explain to my husband why I was home early.  

I fingered the ten dollar bill.  Maybe I would get my nails done.  I certainly derserved it 
after all I had been through, but there was no way I was going to wear trampy big hooped 
earrings to work tomorrow.  No way in hell.

I was a little late getting home after I had my nails done, but that wasn't unusual and Bill 
was watching TV in his boxers as usual.  A bag of potato chips and several cans of beer 
were on the table next to his feet.  He was home all day with nothing to do and the house 
was in worse shape than when I left this morning.

I wanted to be mad.  I deserved more than this . . . especially after what I had been 
through.  I should cuss him out, but I needed something.  *I* needed relief.

"What's for dinner hon?" he asked, not bothering to look back at me.

I reached beneath my skirt, shucked off my panties, then put them to my nose and inhaled 
my musky aroma.  God, I needed a fuck.  

I strutted over to his chair, unbuttoning my blouse on the way.  "Me," I said.

I didn't even bother to take off my clothes; I just hiked up my skirt and sat in his lap.  I 
ground against him until he grew hard.  I fished his cock out of the fly of his drawer and 
he slipped easily into my pussy and soon we were making love.  

I was his wife again, not some cheap office whore.  A pussy girl.  At least I was until I 
leaned back and raked my nails over his chest. 

It was the nails that did it.  They made me think about Thandi's demands and then about 
Thandi herself.  I couldn't help but imagine I was back on the floor between her legs - 
pleasuring her.  "Can't you do anything right?" she demanded.

I shook my head to clear the forbidden images from my mind, but I began to doubt 
myself.  What if Bill didn't enjoy me?  Was I a bad lover?

"Is it good for you baby?  Am I doing it right?" I asked Bill.   

"Oh yeah baby," he grunted.  "You're doin' real good."

But he would lie, wouldn't he?  Instead of Bill, I saw images of Thandi, looking down at 
me, disapprovingly.  Yes, he would lie.  

I began to bounce harder.  The sofa squeaked beneath us.

"How's that baby?  Is that better?" I kissed him deeply, tasting the beer on his breath, and 
tweaked his nipples through his t-shirt.  

"Oh God," he grunted.  "Fuck, I'm cumming."

I milked him with my pussy, trying to get myself off.  I wasn't even close and he was 
rapidly growing softer.  I reached beneath me and cupped my pussy so his cum wouldn't 
leak out as I stood.  I walked pigeon-toed to the bathroom, looking at the clock on my 
way.  Two minutes had passed.  Fuck.

I locked the door behind me, sat down on the toilet, spread my legs.  Sometimes, if you 
want something done right you have to do it yourself.  I lightly tweaked my nipples, 
while my other hand traveled down to my sex.  Two fingers thrust in and out of my cum-
filled pussy, while I circled my clit with my forefinger.  

I wish I could say that I was thinking of Bill, but instead my mind was on her - that 
coloured bitch Thandi.  She was disappointed by my masturbation technique.  Was I 
really that bad?  Had I missed out on something when I masturbated myself?  

I fluttered my manicured nails over my clit and teased my opening with a finger, instead 
of my usual around the clit and in and out method.  es, that felt good.  I was missing out.  
I got intimate with my cunt for the next twenty minutes and experimented.  It was 
something I should have done ages ago.  

I was sitting there, legs spread wide, one hand stretching my pussy wide, the other lightly 
spanking my moist pink flesh, sending jolts of pleasure through my body, when suddenly, 
my reverie was broken by a loud knocking on the door.

"Did you fall in?" Bill said.

"No."  Goddamnit, I thought to myself.  "I'll be out in just a minute."  Asshole, you 
came, didn't you?  Give me just a goddamn minute more.

"Well hurry up.  I'm hungry."

I tried to finish myself off, but the moment was broken.  I took a cold washcloth and 
wiped my steaming pussy.  I'll be back for you later baby, I promised my aching sex.

************

Unfortunately, later came, but my pussy didn't.  I spent the rest of the night cooking and 
cleaning.  I went to bed early for some *alone time*, nobody but us girls.  In five minutes 
my husband came to bed.  His back was to me, but it was also touching me.  

I tried for a few minutes.  Gently moving my fingers in tiny circles around my clit, but it 
is impossible to satisfy myself without being discovered.  It was difficult to sleep, I kept 
thinking back to what happened with my new black boss earlier that day.  The thoughts 
were arousing.

I wondered what was wrong with me.

*************

The next morning I dressed and went to work.   By the time I walked through the door, 
my heart was pumping and my knees were shaking with fear.  The urge to pee was 
overwhelming, so I stopped at the bathroom before I went to my desk.

The morning passed without mishap.  I was even in a meeting with Thandi and she 
ignored me, which I was glad of.  Afterwards, I sat at my desk, slightly relieved that 
maybe yesterday was the end of our bizarre relationship.  She did say that I didn't do a 
very good job, so it was possible that she decided to make someone else her 'Pussy girl'.   
I smiled at the thought, looking around the office and wondered who it might be.

Then my phone rang.  It was her.

"Tracy, please report to my office."

"Yes, ma-am," I said.  

I could hear the blood pound in my ears as I hurried to her office.  Would I be fired?  Or 
would she make me masturbate her again?  Or would she act as if nothing ever happened.

I opened her door and she was sitting there looking more than a little impatient impatient.  

"Close the door and lock it," she said.  "When I ask you to report to my office, I expect 
you here promptly.  Is that understood?"

"Yes, ma-am."  I hurried straight here, I wanted to argue, but bit my tongue and locked 
the door.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked.  "You know the procedure."

"Ma-am?"

She shook her head disapprovingly.  "Shit, what an incompetent," she muttered.  "Take 
off your clothes and put them on the desk, then come over here and *report* to me."  The 
way she said *report*, it left little to the imagination.  She pointed down at her crotch, 
smirking all the while.

Oh God, she was going to make me do it again.  I started to take off my clothes.

"I don't have all day, girl," she said.

I hurriedly stripped, until I was naked, with my hands covering the more private areas.

"Come here," she said.  "Don't kneel down yet.  I bought you a present."  


"Move your hands," she said.  

My pussy was inches from her face.  I was turned on and humiliated beyond belief.  I 
prayed she wouldn't discover my aroused condition.  She ignored my distress, and 
proceeded to put a strange device on me.  First, one hoop went around my waist and a 
smooth mound went over my crotch.  Another hoop went between my legs and she 
fastened them all together.
  
The crotch piece was covered by a form fitting piece of Styrofoam.   I gasped when she 
removed it.  The silver mound looked just like my own, only everything was exaggerated.  
It was puffy, the lips were distended, and the clit rose up from it like a tiny cock.  It was a 
gross perversion of the female sex, and it cupped me and cradled me at the same time.  

She grabbed a small round protuberance, and turned it.  

"Now, pull it out and give it to me," she said.

I pulled out what appeared to be a key and reluctantly gave it to her.  Something inside 
told me things had just went to another level, but I her eyes told me to give it to her 
anyway.

"What is it?" I asked.

She arched an eyebrow at me.

"What is it ma-am?" I corrected myself.

She said, "I call it our new profit sharing plan.  You remember yesterday when I said it 
was my job to motivate my girls.  Well this is your motivation, a chastity belt."

Oh shit, this was too much.  I tugged at the device and tried to get it off.  I looked for the 
key, but she locked it in her desk.

"Are you finished yet?" she asked.

"Give me the key," I demanded, grabbing at her hand.  "This is going to way too far."

"I'll give it to you when you've earned it," she laughed, smirking at me and easily 
keeping the key from my grasp.

"I'll get someone to cut it off."

"I'd like to see you explain how you got it.  And just look at it," she said, her gaze 
traveling up and down it's very realistic looking lips.  "It's so embarrassing, isn't it?  No, 
I don't think you will be showing it to anyone."

Tears welled in my eyes.  In my heart, I knew she was right.  I tried a different tact.  
Begging:  "Please ma'am.  Take it off.  I don't won't to do this anymore."

"Sure.  But first I want some relief.  I'm feeling a little tense today."

I sank to my knees.  Defeated.  

"I think I will stay in my chair today," she said, raising her hips, so that I could remove 
her panties.

She placed her legs over the arms of her chair and leaned back.  I proceeded to 
masturbate her.  She smiled when she saw my nails.

"Your nails are absolutely gorgeous," she said.  "Are they mine?"

"Yes ma-am."  Somehow I was pleased that she noticed.  Bill never mentioned them last 
night.

"I love the way the color looks against my skin," she said.

It was a French manicure.  The nails were the white and the pink.  They stood out, bright 
as neon, contrasting with her dark skin.  I teased her clit with my nail, trailed it along her 
slit, before cupping her whole pussy in my hand and squeezing lightly, a move I had 
discovered last night, before I was rudely interrupted.

"See," she breathed.  "You are better already."

I blushed, unable to meet her eyes.

"Look at me."

I still couldn't.  I stared at my fingers and at her sex.

"I said.  Look at me.  My eyes, not my cunt."

It was harder to do than you would think, especially, when you are naked and kneeling 
between the legs of a fully clothed woman.  

I met her eyes and her gaze was penetrating.  It fucked me.  It fucked me to my soul.

"That's it pussy girl.  I can see you now.  I can see it in your eyes that you are going to 
give me a good cum this time.   Aren't you pussy girl?"

I nodded my head.  My flushed cheeks burned.  This was what I dreamed of the night 
before, of servicing her, of her condescending attitude and her superior stare that bored 
from my eyes straight to my sex.  I needed to cum so badly and now even that had been 
taken from me.

"I love those soft white fingers, pussy girl.  They've never been spoiled with calluses 
from hard work, have they?  Have they?"  She was breathing heavy.  The corners of her 
mouth turned up - half sly grin - half sexy pout.

"No ma'am."

"Yes, so soft . . . so tender.  I bet you are soft and tender all over."  

I thought back to my first maid.  She was an older colored woman.  She would massage 
my feet with her hard calloused hands after I came in from the office.  I tried to imagine 
her servicing my pussy like I was servicing Ms. Moore's.  Instead, my fantasy took a turn 
for the worse and I was on my knees in front my former maid.  

I gasped and opened my eyes due to a sudden pain shooting from my nose.  Thandi held 
my nose between her thumb and forefinger.  

"I said, look at me girl and I meant it.  Look at my eyes and my face while you work.  
That is how you know if you are doing a good job, little pussy girl."

I concentrated on pleasing her again.  My fingers dance and teased, prodded and probed.  
Her face softened and she was right, it provided a road map to her pleasure.  A closing of 
the eyes, a gasp, or a biting of the lower lip, meant to continue.  Her eyes opening to look 
at me meant she wanted me to do something else.  A wince meant she didn't like it and I 
wasn't to repeat that again.

"You're going to make me cum you pussy.  My little pussy girl.  Make me cum with your 
fingers.  Your soft white fingers.  Work those fingers girl.  Look at me, not my cunt."

God she was demanding and my hands were tired, but I continued on.  Masturbating her 
to the best of my ability.

Her face contorted.  The veins in her neck stood out.  Her breathing grew ragged.  Her 
hips bucked.  The chair squeaked.

This is what an orgasm looks like, I thought.  

"God, I'm oh-oh-I'm cumming," she announced, as she grabbed both my ears and pulled 
my face into her pussy.  I didn't know what to do since my fingers couldn't reach her, so 
I just held still and stared at her.  Stared at her, while she used my face as some sort of 
masturbation device.

Her face told the story of her orgasmic bliss.  Gradually, it grew more relaxed, the 
thrusting of her hips fainter, and thankfully her grip on my ears lessened.  Her eyes 
fluttered open and then widened in shock to see my face trapped between her thighs, 
pulled tight against her sex.

She let go of my ears and I pulled back.  

"Did I hurt you, my tender girl?" she asked, rubbing my ears and then stroking my hair.

"No," I said.  "I'm alright."  I kept my stare directed at her face.  It was hard, part of me 
wanted to look at her pussy, to see what it looked like after all my hard work.

Her eyes hardened.  "Well, what are you staring at?  Clean me up and do something with 
your face.  It's a mess.  Then, get dressed and get back to work.  Don't think for a minute 
that this changes anything.  I expect you to still do your job and I expect you to do it 
right."

Thankless bitch.

"Yes, ma-am," I said, trying my best to keep my thoughts hidden, as I cleaned her sex 
with tissues.  Afterwards, I cleaned myself and dressed.  She stopped me at the door.

"Oh, and Tracy," she said as an after thought.  "You did an excellent job.  I'm very 
pleased with your performance."

I couldn't believe she said that.   I was naked, on my knees, giving her an orgasm and she 
commends me like I did good work on the Pittman project.  What do you say to that?  I 
was only doing it because you forced me, you psycho bitch.  No, I couldn't say that.  She 
still had the box in the corner and a pink slip with my name on it, not to mention the key 
to this damned belt.

"Thank you ma-am," I muttered, my blushing face pointing to the floor, my eyes cast up 
at her from underneath my bangs.  I caught myself in a bob.  She did too and smiled 
condescendingly.

"Get me a cup of coffee when you come back and don't forget to freshen your face."

Yes, my face.  My pussy scented face.  I repaired the damage to my makeup, but I still 
smelled like her.  I hurried to the bathroom, washed my face and fingers, reapplied my 
makeup, got her a cup of coffee, and gave it to her.  She didn't even bother to look up, 
just motioned with her hands, as if to say; hurry along girl - my little pussy girl.

I returned to work, still smelling the odor of her sex in my nostrils, and praying that no 
one else could.  The steel chastity belt was uncomfortable.  The way it hugged my sex, 
kept me aroused and always thinking about it.  I found the only way to function, was to 
pour myself into my work.  

The day flew by.  I had lunch with Ms. Moore, per her request.  I could feel the stares of 
my coworkers, as if I had sold them out, by kissing up to the head bitch.  I ate the salad 
she ordered for me.  I didn't have a say in the matter and we chatted about work.  As if 
we were friends and had a normal working relationship.  Afterwards, we returned to work 
and I threw myself into it again.  

The phone rang, I looked down to see her number, and my heart started to pound.  I 
picked it up.

"Yes, ma-am?"

"Report to my office at once, Tracy."

"Yes, ma-am."

I hurried to her office, my legs a blur beneath my skirt.  I opened the door, locked it, and 
started to disrobe.

"Leave them on," she said.  "You've done a good job today Tracy, and I'm letting you 
off early to run a few errands."  She slid a key ring to me and I took it.

She handed me a map and fifty dollars.  "The keys are to my house.  I want you to go to 
the drycleaners and pick up my clothes, and pick up a take-out meal for dinner.  Chinese 
would be nice.  Get enough for two.  Take it all to my house, you have a map.  When you 
get there, I want you to change clothes and get on my treadmill.  Just push start, don't 
touch the programming and do it until it stops.  Don't leave until I get home."

This was the second day she let me off early and co-workers were starting to notice.  I 
kept my eyes downcast, unable to meet their agitated glances, praying they wouldn't see 
the outline of the steel belt, encasing my pussy.  

I did as she requested, and every time I got up or sat down, the belt cupped and caressed 
my sex.  As I rode to her house, I realized I was hot.  No, not just hot, I was desperate.  I 
even felt like I could have molested the young clerk at the drycleaners.  My hand snuck 
beneath my skirt and I tried to circumvent the belt, but I couldn't so much as wiggle a 
little finger beneath the cruel, unyielding steel.  I pulled the car over, had a little cry and 
then summoned the strength to begin driving again.

By the time I arrived at her house, I had resigned myself to the situation.  A situation that 
couldn't last forever; I just needed to be patient.

Her house was not quite what I imagined.  For some reason I pictured a huge mansion.  It 
wasn't.  It was even slightly smaller than mine.  I took the food and clothes in her house, 
and found the outfit she wanted me to exercise in, laying on her bed.  I stripped and sat 
down on the bed, and instead of dressing, I tried once again to circumvent the belt.  I 
couldn't.  

To my horror, I found that the outfit I was to wear wasn't much of an outfit at all, only a 
sports bra and a thin pair of shorts with a built in thong that left little to the imagination.    
I put them on, stepped on the stairclimber, and pressed start.  

It was hard work.  My legs and ass burned like mad.  I was tempted several times to turn 
the machine down, but I hesitated at the last moment.  Her instructions were firm 
regarding this matter and usually the machine seemed to sense I was about to give up and 
the intensity would grow less.

The wall was one giant mirror.  It was impossible not to look at myself while I exercised.  
My sweat had soaked the white bra making my pink aureoles clearly visible.  The shaped 
mound of the chastity belt was clearly visible through the bottoms.  Even though I knew 
what I was seeing was only steel, my mind seemed drawn to the shape of a large gaping 
sex with a hard clit sticking out.  Seeing myself this way in the mirror only served to 
stoke the flames of my increasingly frustrating need for sex.

The exercise program finally ended, and I got off and took a shower.  While I was there I 
tried to wiggle my soapy fingers into the belt, but it wouldn't yield.  I had to settle for 
massaging my soapy breasts.  It felt nice, but it did nothing to give me release and only 
served to let me know just how bad a fix I was in.  

Then I remembered the keys!

I quickly dried off, wrapped the towel around me, and found her key ring by the door.  I 
sat down on the couch and tried every key in hopes of opening the belt.  No luck.  
Speaking of luck, it was at that moment she opened the front door catching me there red 
handed.

"What the hell are you doing slut?" she demanded.

"Nothing," I said, hiding the keys behind my back.

She slid the thin narrow belt from the loops of her skirt as she approached me.  "I see you 
need a lesson about lying *and* disobedience."

"What are you doing?" I said, getting up from the couch and backing away from her.  She 
couldn't do what it looked like she was going to do, could she?

She pursued.  I fled.  She grabbed the towel.  Naked but for the belt I wore, I continued to 
flee.  She caught me in the hall, forcing me down to the carpet and sat on my back to 
keep me there.

The belt leapt out, kissing my backside painfully.  I tried to shield myself from the blows 
with my hands, but she held my arms trapped between my sides and her thighs.  She 
quickly made easy work of me, the belt whistling in the air, punctuated by the sound of 
leather on flesh, ending in my cries.

It never seemed to end.  I tried to fight, but eventually just have up, laboring for breath 
between sobs and clenching with each painful blow.

Finally, I felt her getting up.  I tried to push myself up.

"Don't move," she warned me.  "Or I'll start over from the beginning."

She didn't have to tell me twice.  I lay there obediently, not moving a muscle even as she 
stuffed something in my mouth.

"I'm tired of listening to you blubber," she said.

The taste and odor hit me.  I realize what it is she's put in my mouth.  Her panties.

I spit them out.

"It looks like I need to start your obedience lesson all over again," she says.

 "No, wait," I said.  "Anything but that."

She held the panties to my mouth again and I forced myself to open.  

"Ask me nicely."

Dear God, she was going to make me to ask for them.  "Please," I begged.

"Please what?"

"Please put your panties in my mouth."

"Since you insist," she said, forcing her soiled undergarment into my mouth.

I could taste her.  Worse, I had begged for it.

"It seems you have learned obedience," she said.  "Now, let's address the lying."

"Mmmmphhhh..." I cried through the panty gag.

She removed them.  "Something to say?" she asked.

"Please, I-I can't take anymore on my ass," I begged crying.

She rubbed her hand over my burning bottom cheeks.  I could feel the ridges she had cut 
into me with the small belt.  "Yes," she said.  "These have been marked pretty good.  
How about you take the rest on your fat white thighs?"

"Please don't," I muttered. 

"Ass or thighs," she said.  "You pick."

Damned if I did, damned if I didn't.  ". . . thighs."  I chose.

"No," she said.  "Ask me for it.  And you better start showing me respect."

Why was she doing this to me?  What had I ever done to her to deserve this? "Please 
ma'am," I begged.  "Can I have the rest on my thighs?" 

"Sure you can my little pussy girl," she cooed, stuffing her panties back in my mouth.  
"Just roll over for me and spread those pudgy legs of yours."

I rolled over on my back and parted my legs.  

"Spread them slut," she ordered.  "Spread them like you do for all those white boyfriends 
of yours."

My cheeks burned with humiliation.  I longed to tell her I had a husband not a bunch of 
boyfriends, but I couldn't due to the gag in my mouth.  Instead, I spread my legs wide, 
obeying her, while she hiked up her skirt and sat down on my chest.

"I think five on each of your fat thighs should be enough for you to learn your lesson," 
she said, before announcing, "Here it comes."

She struck me with the end of the belt on the inside of one thigh, paused a second and 
then hit the other.  It wasn't until she hit me the second time that the pain from the first 
blow registered and when it did, it really registered.  It felt like I had been bee-stung all 
along the inside of my thigh.  My legs flew closed and I rubbed my thighs together trying 
to lessen the pain, but only serving to rub one dark welt against the other.

"Come on whore," she said, shifting her weight on my chest.  "Get those legs apart."  

It was slow work getting back in position.  My body didn't want to obey my mind, but 
eventually I was able to spread my shaking and trembling legs apart.  

"Wider, Tracy-girl," she said, shifting again on my chest.  I became aware of what she 
was doing.  She was grinding against me and getting off on this - getting off on punishing 
me and there was nothing I could do about it.

I submitted to her, drawing my legs up and spreading them wide, knees and feet spread 
out like a common whore.

"Two," she said, strapping my thighs with the belt on the inside of each of my thighs.

This blow hurt even more, causing me to buck and squirm underneath her.  

"Ahhh," Thandi groaned.  "Again."

I was crying and sobbing through the panty gag.  My hips pumped as the tried to dissipate 
the pain.  

I was also turned on.  My pussy quivered, desperate for stimulation.  My nipples were so 
hard, they hurt.  I spread my legs again.   Again and again, she let my body taste her 
leather belt.  I could feel her wet pubes sticking to my chest as she ground against me.   
She kept going, whipping the insides of my spread thighs until I had five bright red 
stripes on each one.  Her hips ground against me the whole time.

At the end, I lay splayed underneath her.  She idly traced one of the welts.  

"I love the way the red looks against your skin," Thandi said, looking back over her 
shoulder and looking down at me.  "And do you know what else I would like to see?"

I shook my head, unable to speak for the panties in my mouth.  

She spun around, straddling me now from the front.  "Those pretty white fingers working 
my black pussy."

This I could do.  It was a task far simpler than being whipped.

My fingers entered her easily.  I fucked her with shallow thrusts, alternately bringing 
them out and diddling her clit.  Her head rolled to the side, before rolling down and 
looking down at me with a superior grin.

I blushed, looking down, unable to meet those piercing brown eyes.  Not after what she 
had done to me.  I was sure she would see my murderous rage.

"Look at me, my tender little pussy girl," she cooed, tilting my head back, and pulling the 
panties from my mouth.

I forced myself to meet her eyes and try not to get lost in her power.  Her pink tongue 
darted out of her mouth and licked her lips.  God, she looked sexy and the thought scared 
me to the core.  

I hate you.  I chanted in my head as a mantra.

She panted, rolled her hips in a circle, and gasped.  "So angry the way you look at me 
little pussy girl, my white finger fucking pussy girl."

I looked back down in fear.  Afraid she would beat me again.

She tilted my head back up.  "No, I like it," Thandi said.  "Tell me what you are thinking 
right now or I will whip those milky white tits of yours."

I couldn't tell her; she would whip me anyway.  And Jesus, she was going to do it on my 
breasts.

"I hate you," I whimpered, looking back at her accusingly.

"Yes!" she cried, squeezing her nipples and running her hand down her body.  "Come on 
girl do my clit while you do my pussy."

I worked her pussy with both of my hands.  I hated her.  I wanted to be her.  I wanted my 
pussy playing with.

"You're my girl now," she said.  "I've turned you.   I've turned you into a pussy girl.  My 
pussy girl.  How does it feel?"

"I hate you," I spat.  "I hate you.  I hate this.  I hate the way my ass burns.  I hate the way 
my thighs feel.  I hate the way people at work look at me.  I hate the way my pussy aches. 
. ." 

"Oh-yes, I love it.  Ugh-here-it-comes."  

"I hate you.  I hate watching you orgasm.  I hate. . ."

Her hips bucked lewdly, displaying her carnal desires.  As if to say, look at me orgasm, 
don't you wish you could?  And I did.  I wished more than anything to be sweating and 
humping in pleasure.

 Ah-ah-ugh-fuck-fuck-I'm-cumming," she cried, before collapsing on my face and 
smothering my tirade with her sex and thighs.

I hated her.  I hated her and I wanted to be her.  I wanted an orgasm.  I wanted to . . . taste 
her.

She got off of me and to my disbelief, looped the belt around my neck and pulled me to 
the couch as if I were some sort of animal.  "Mmmm-you tossed me off good that time," 
she said, running her fingers through my hair.

I wanted to say fuck you bitch, let me up, I'm not a goddamn dog.  Instead I said, 
"Thanks.  Can I go please?"

"Not yet.  I think you deserve a treat," she said.  She pulled a gift box out of her purse 
and handed it to me.

I sat kneeling in front of her, with my hands covering my breasts, staring at the package 
as if it might blow up.

"Go on.  Take it."  Her voice left no room for discussion.

Reluctantly, I took my hands from my breasts and opened the package.  I gasped at the 
first hint of glitter.  It was a large gold bracelet and very nicely made and a pair of 
earring.  There was a golden cats dangling from the bracelet, and it had jeweled eyes.  
The clasp was held together by a fairly large golden lock.  The earrings were hoops, with 
identical cats in the loops.

"I-I don't know what to say," I said.  

"Say thank you Miss Moore."

"Thank you Miss Moore."

"Here, let me put it on you," Thandi said, pulling her gold necklace from between her 
breasts.  On the end of the chain was a gold key which she used to unlock the clasp on the 
bracelet.  I knew at that moment it was the key to my chastity as well.  

"You like?" she said, dangling the key in front of my eyes.

"Please, ma'am" I begged.  "Unlock me."

"You have to earn it first."

God, how I needed that key.  "How?" I asked.

She replaced the key between her breasts and closed the lock shut on my bracelet.  Then 
she held my arm up to the light and flicked the cat so that it rocked back and forth.

"It's a pussy," she said.  "And you are my pussy girl.  If you want to get your little belt 
off, all you have to do is keep doing what you are doing.  I want you to toss me off ten 
times.  For each time, I will give you a new pussy for your bracelet.  Once you have ten 
little pussies, I will unlock you."

"Only ten times," I said.  "Do the ones today count?"

"Just the one tonight.  It has to be a good one.  Not like that shit from today or 
yesterday."

"Please," I gasped, running my hands down my body and pushing against the chastity 
belt.  "Just for tonight.  I need it.  It's been too long."  I was telling her more than I meant 
to.

"And I *want* you needing it.  With great motivation comes great results, and I want you 
supremely motivated," she said laughingly, as she took off my earrings and put on the 
large hoops.

"But-but," I sputtered.

She stood up, holding the end of my makeshift leash slung above her shoulder, and 
walked to the kitchen.  I did my best to shuffle along behind her without bumping into 
her.  I felt so naked, so vulnerable, even more so by the fact that she was still dressed in 
her business clothes.

Thandi opened the take-out trays and inhaled deeply.  "Mmmmm," she said, doling 
herself a plate of food.  When she was done, she placed the rest into two containers.

"There should be enough left for you and your husband," she said.  To my disbelief, she 
snorted and then spat into one of the containers and stirred it in.  "This one is for your 
husband, okay?"

She couldn't expect me to serve him that, could she?

"Okay," she said, jerking on the belt and causing it to tighten around my neck.

"Yes, ma'am," I answered.

"Good," she said, removing the belt from my neck and giving one of the large earrings 
small thump.  "Get dressed and go home.  Be sure to wear my gifts tomorrow."

 ********

Afterwards, I drove home.  I was an emotional wreck.  I had been whipped, humiliated, 
and treated like a slave.  Making matters worse, I was turned no beyond belief.  I wanted 
more, I wanted lots more, but most of all, I wanted to cum.

*********************

When I got home, the first words out of my husband's mouth were, "Geez, you're late.  
I'm about to starve."

"Don't worry, I brought home Chinese," I said with a grin.  This was going to be easier 
than I thought.  "Oh, and don't bother getting up.  I'll fix your plate."  

"Asshole," I muttered under my breath, as I went to the kitchen.  If he only had an idea of 
how much I had endured to provide for us, he wouldn't take me for granted like he did.  I 
fixed him a plate of food and for spite, I spit in his food as well and stirred it in.

I returned to the living room with our plates, got us each a beer, and sat down to eat.  He 
was watching football as usual.  

"Do you think we could watch something else," I asked.

"Sure," he said.  "Just let me watch the rest of this game.  There's only ten minutes left."

I felt a little guilty as he ate his spit-laden food, but twenty minutes later and the game 
still on, I wished I had tossed in some dirt as well.

Finally, it was over and we watched the news.  

"There's something different about you," Bill said, looking at me critically.  "But I can't 
quite put my finger on it."

My face burned in shame.  Maybe he recognized the fact that I was now a 'pussy-girl' for 
my boss.  I carried so many of her marks on me now, there was no way I could volunteer 
anything to him.  I sat dreading what he noticed.

"Your earrings," he said.  "They're new aren't they?  Honey, you know you can't afford 
to waste our money like that."

"They're old," I said, and after a sudden inspiration, decided to put him on the defensive.  
"I'm wearing them because I can't afford to buy any new ones."

"Well, they look good on you," he said.  

The fact that he even noticed them, much less liked them, let me know just how garish 
and outlandish they looked on me.

"Thanks," I replied, standing up and picking up our plates in the process.  I smiled with 
the knowledge of what he had eaten.  "At least pick up your shoes and socks while I 
clean up." 
  
For the rest of the night, I cleaned the house, took a cold shower to ease the need in my 
body, and went to bed.  

I was awakened to the sensation of someone caressing my pajama covered bottom.  I 
responded, pushing my ass back to make myself more available.

The belt! I realized with a start, catching his hand and moving away from my husband.

"Leave me alone," I said.  "I was asleep."

I laid there, aroused and unable to go to sleep, but holding still and praying he would.  

He didn't.  His hand returned to my bottom.  I couldn't afford to let him discover the 
chastity belt.  How could I explain that?  

I sighed, ducking under the covers and making my way to his crotch.  He was already 
partially hard.  I tongued the head of his cock, covered my teeth with my lips and sucked 
it into my mouth.  I moved up and down on the head, until he was fully erect. With one 
hand moving up and down his cock with a twisting motion, while fondling his balls with 
the other, I bobbed my head up and down on his hard cock.  

 I could hear him mutter something to the effect of, "Oh shit.  Oh Jesus," while he pushed 
up and down on my head, however, I was too busy taking a personal inventory to pay it 
much mind.  Yes, judging by my painfully hard nipples and my aching pussy, I was 
pleased to note that I was aroused and still thankfully straight.

There was only one small problem:  I wasn't as aroused as I had been with Thandi.  

I suppose it could have been that she held the key to unlock the chastity belt and no 
matter what Bill did tonight, there was no way he could bring me off.   

Speaking of bringing off, Bill grabbed my head and tried to shove his prick down my 
throat.  Luckily, my hand was wrapped around the base.  It stopped the progress of his 
prick, but did nothing to stop his bitter cum from spurting in my mouth.

I guess that makes me a pussy girl and a dick girl; my existence solely to please other 
people, without any regard to my own pleasure.

I milked him until he was spent, then got up, went to the bathroom, spit his sperm into a 
tissue and flushed it down the toilet.  I washed my mouth out with mouthwash, spit it out, 
and looked in the mirror.  My eyes were haunted and hungry with need.

I locked the bathroom door and took off my clothes.   My nipples were painfully tight, 
my chest flushed, and my pussy . . . I bet my pussy look just as aroused and open as the 
one molded into the surface of the metal belt covering it.  Red streaks covered the inside 
of my thighs and only one thought screamed in my mind.  

I MUST CUM!

I covered my abdomen with baby oil as lubrication and tried to sneak a finger in.  
Nothing.   I tried pushing a cue-tip through the pee-hole.  Nada.   I tried pushing the cue-
tip through the top.  Nothing worked.  Even when I could circumvent the belt, I couldn't 
get enough movement in order to get off.

Using my baby-oil coated fingers, I even tried finger-fucking my ass, but the goddamn 
manicure prevented me from doing so.  In the end, I played with my nipples and listened 
to the lock on the bracelet clack against my metal prison, as I fucked myself in the ass 
with a lipstick tube.  The only thing I succeeded in was making myself even more horny 
and frustrated than before.

I cried briefly.  Took another cold shower and went back to bed, trying uselessly to sleep.  

Goddamn her.  Goddamn that coloured bitch.

***********




Amazon dot cum Ch. 3
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, MF, domination, chastity)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

My night's sleep was fitful at best.  I awoke several  times with images of
Thandi and of servicing her.   God, what was happening to me?  I went to the
bathroom  to get ready, doing my best to hide the dark circles  under my eyes
and get dressed, complete with my new  earrings.  I went to work with
butterflies in my  stomach. 

I worked at my desk, and tried to catch up on the work  I missed, due to leaving
early yesterday.  The whole  time I worked, I worried about The Call.  The Call, 
that's what I referred to it as now.  The Call was the  key to my sexual release
as well as my subjugation.   At first, I was dreading the call, but by 10:30, I 
wanted The Call.  Just so I could get it over with and  I could stop worrying
about it.

Finally it came.  My heart beat faster when I saw her  extension flash on the
phone.

"Ma'am?" I answered the phone. 

"Report to my office, Pussy-girl," Thandi said.

I blushed with humiliation at how I must look rushing  to her office like a good
little brown-noser.  I  entered her office, closed and locked the door behind 
me, and started to disrobe.

"Wait," she said, spinning her finger in the air.   "Turn around and let me see
what you have on."

I spun around, modeling my outfit for her.  It was  black turtleneck and a tight
black skirt that went  just above my knee.  It wasn't something I wore to  work,
but it was the only thing that didn't look  completely stupid with the large
gold earrings I was  forced to wear.

"Very nice," she said.  "That's the sort of stuff a  professional woman with
ambition should wear.  Do you  understand me?"

It was the sort of stuff a woman who doesn't mind  putting out for a promotion
would wear and  evidentially it was the sort of stuff I would be  wearing from
now on.  "Yes, ma'am," I replied.

She went back to working on the paperwork on her desk.   "Good, hurry up, you
know what you have to do," she  said, without looking up.  "I've got a report to
give  before lunch, but I need to relieve some stress  first."

I hate her for cheapening the act.  She acted as if it  what I was doing for her
was nothing more than asking  me to fill out a report.  She had no idea of the 
sacrifice and how hard it was to bear this  humiliation.  But, there was nothing
I could do about  it, so I stripped, and laid my folded clothes on the  chair. 
When I moved to her side of the desk, she slid  her chair back and patted the
desktop. 

"Hop up and spread your legs.  I need to inspect your  friend to make sure you
haven't tried to sneak one  in."

God, I couldn't believe it.  That was the last place I  wanted to be.  There
would be no way I could hide my  sexual arousal from her, but I did as she
asked,  cringing as she smirked at my flushed breasts and  hardened nipples.

She inspected the lock and then rubbed her hand along  my welted thighs.  "I bet
you're creaming yourself  right now, aren't you Pussy-girl?"

I blushed, nodded my head, all the while avoiding her  gaze.

"Look at me girl.  Look at me and answer my question."

I looked into her piercing eyes.  "N-no ma'am, I'm not  c-c-creaming myself," I
managed to force out, lying to  her face.

She scooted her chair back, grabbed my hair and pulled  me forcefully off the
desktop.  "Stop fucking around  and get to work you lying slut." 

I withered under her harsh gaze.  Kneeling down, I  reached underneath her skirt
and removed her panties.   Her sex was wet and aroused - the odor of her musk 
strong.  I pushed back against the flesh on her  stomach, causing her pinkish
purple clit to stand at  attention.  It looked so powerful - so free, while my 
poor little pearl was locked tightly away within its  steel prison.

I lightly brushed my fingertip against her nubbin,  before delving between her
nether lips, coating my  finger with her nectar before I began to manipulate it 
in earnest.

"Look at me," Thandi commanded, tugging on my earring.

I met her smugly superior stare. 

"Every time you lie, you lose a point.  Do you get the  point?"  She must have
read my confused look.  "In  other words Pussy-girl, you just lost a point.  You 
now owe me ten good orgasms before I let you out of  your snug little belt."

"No please," I begged almost crying.  I couldn't go  back to the beginning
again.

"Get those delicate fingers back to work girl," she  said, then continued as I
resumed her masturbation.   "I don't tolerate liars.  You don't have anyone to 
blame but yourself.  Now, tell me the truth.  Are you  creaming yourself?"

"Yes, ma'am," I admitted.  I plunged a finger into her  pussy and she gasped.

"Is your husband suspicious?  Has he mentioned  anything about your gifts?"

"He's not suspicious yet."  I couldn't believe it  myself.  My world had been
turned upside down and all  he noticed were the earrings.  "The only thing he's 
noticed is the earrings."

Her lip quivered.  "Did he like them?" she asked  breathlessly, grabbing hold of
each of the large hoops  in my ears.

"yes-" I gasped.  God I needed to cum.

"Good.  Deep inside it means he approves of your new  position." She bit down on
her lower lip, and thrust  her pelvis.  "Did he eat my other present?" she
asked.   

My own hips humped in response.  He ate it.  He ate  her spit.  I fed it to him
last night.  "Yes," I  breathed.

"He belongs to me too.  Has he wanted sex?"

" . . . yes."

"I love your earrings," she said, shifting her grip on  my earrings, using them
to pull my face just inches  from her sex.  I was forced to watch up close as my 
fingers probed and caressed her silken wet silken  folds.  "Now, tell me what
happened."

I told her everything that happened last night.  She  came close to cumming
twice, but she made me stop  until it passed and then begin again.  She said she 
wanted to hear the entire story first.

"What went through your mind when he touched your  ass?"

"I was panicked.  Scared he would find the belt.  More  scared than I had ever
been in my life."

"How did it feel giving him a blowjob when you  couldn't get any pleasure?" she
asked.

"Jealous and horny.  I enjoyed it until he came and  then he was tired, while I
was frustrated and couldn't  sleep.  

"While you were bobbing for prick," she said.  "I bet  you were thinking about
me, weren't you?"

God, I wanted-no needed to lie.  "Yes," I breathed.

"You're not turning queer on me are you?"

"No."  My faced flushed.  "I'm a married woman."

"I love the feel of your hot breath on my pussy.  Tell  me the rest and keep
breathing hard," she said, as she  placed her heels on her desk. 

I wanted to scream with my frustration.  The sight of  her there, so utterly
without inhibition, while I  knelt between her legs submissively giving her 
pleasure overwhelmed me.  Yes, she was a bitch and I  hated her, but at the same
time I lusted for her.  I  wanted to rip the belt off and throw her to the
floor.   I wanted her to do for me, what she made me do for  her.

But instead, I fucked her pussy with my fingers, while  making sure to breathe
on her pussy.  Telling her  about what I did in the bathroom.  Even telling her 
where I put the lipstick tube. 

"You are such a slut my pussy girl - an ass whore.   But, don't worry, deep
down, all white women are ass  whores."  Her hips humped, the seat squeaked.  I 
worried that someone would hear.  "Oh God, faster.  Do  it faster."

My fingers sped to a blur. 

"Here it cums.  Oh fuck - here it cums." She  announced, pressing my face
against her crotch while  she bucked uncontrollably.

After she came down from her orgasm, she released my  head and lifted my head
back up.

"Last question pussy girl," she said, grinning.   "While I held you between my
thighs, did you want to  taste me?  Even just a little bit?"

I blushed down to my marrow.  Could she read my mind?   I needed desperately to
lie to hold on to any shred of  my dignity . . .but I needed to cum even more. 
"Yes,"  I admitted, tears welling in my eyes.

"But you didn't."  She was grinning again.  "Why not?"

"Because I hate you," I spat, glaring up at her from  between her thighs.

"Oh, God," she gasped, her hands going to her breasts  and squeezing them
forcefully.  She propped her legs  back up on her desk.  "Quickly, do it again,"
she  commanded.

I masturbated her again, more forcefully this time.   Going so far as to use
three fingers when I fucked  her. 

"You wanted to taste me.  You're turning queer.  My  little queer pussy girl,"
she gasped.  "Tell me queer,  how does it feel to be under the boss's desk
earning  your living?"

"I hate it.  I hate you."  I took out my frustrations  on her pussy.

"But you respect me," she said, taking off the  necklace that contained the key
to my chastity.   "Because I have power over you and with this I own  your
pussy."

She dangled the key in front of my face taunting me.   "Kiss it.  Show me how
much you want it."

I kissed the shiny gold key.  I even parted my lips,  while she dangled it
inside and fucked it in and out  of my mouth. 

"Make me cum.  Make me cum again my pretty white pussy  girl.  That's it. 
Oh-oh-oh-here it cums.  Ugh-ugh- fuck-fuck-fuck-you make me cum so hard."   Her
legs  lifted from the desk, and spread as far apart as they  could due to the
arms of her chair.  So far apart her  ass lifted up from her seat.  Her stomach
trembled and  her hips bucked.  My hands were coated with her sticky  juices. 

After she was spent, she handed me a box of tissues.   I blotted her pussy dry
and slipped her panties back  in place without having to be asked. 

She tilted my head up and looked into my eyes, causing  my heart to pound. 
"That was a good one," she said,  before frowning.  "And your face is a mess. 
We can't  have you leave looking like that.  It's not  professional"

She cleaned my face off with tissues, occasionally,  stopping to dab the tissues
in her mouth before  resuming her cleaning.  Afterwards, she opened her  purse
and made my face.  When she was done, she held  the mirror to my face.  I was
stunned.  I was  beautiful - I was sexy.  I was much too sexy for the  office. 
I was also naked, kneeling between the legs  of my boss - a woman I hated.  I
wasn't going to  complain and ask her to do it again. 

"Am I finished now?" I asked.

"Yes," she said, sliding her chair back.  "You can get  dressed now.  Besides, I
have some other work for you  to do."

I turned my back to her and dressed.  She started  handing me various papers and
instructions.

She said, "I'm sending you a few spreadsheets.  I want  you to make some pretty
charts out of them and set  them up with my comments in a Powerpoint
presentation.   Do you think you can handle it?"

I burned in anger.  I ordered the servers that housed  all our company's web
business.  I could damn well do  what she asked --  in my sleep.  "Yes, ma'am,"
I  answered.

"How do the welts on your thighs feel slut?"

I pressed my legs together in response.  "Sore," I  replied honestly.

"Your breasts will match if you fuck my presentation  up."

"Yes, ma'am." I took the papers and hurried to the  door.    I turned
hesitantly.  There was something I  needed to ask her.

"Yes?" she said, not looking up from her computer.

I rubbed my thighs together and contracted the muscles  in my pussy.  "Did that
. . . count?"

"What a slut," she mumbled.  "Don't worry, you only  have nine more to go."

I hurried back to my desk, not daring to look at  anyone, lest they see the
changes in my appearance.  I  immediately began work on what she asked me for. 
To  my horror, I discovered it was an analysis of doing  our internet marketing
in house as opposed to  contracting it out.  This was my job - mine and my co-
workers.

I was tempted to mess it up on purpose, but I thought  about the tiny leather
belt and my tender breasts.  I  knew beyond a shadow of a doubt she would live
up to  her promise.  I didn't botch the job.  I gave it one  hundred percent.

While I was working, I brought my hand to my mouth and  chewed on a knuckle like
I usually do.  I tasted her.   I immediately went and washed my hands, but it
was too  late.  The damage had been done.  I had tasted her.  I  had tasted a
woman.  Was I a lesbian now?  Was I  really turning queer?

I tried to put it out of my mind along with my aching  frustrated sex.  I threw
myself into my task, working  through lunch.  I gave her the final results at
three.   The prospects of my employment didn't look good.

"Thanks," she said, giving me a few bills.  "Go to the  cafeteria and get us a
salad, will you?"

When I returned, she was combing through my paperwork.   "This looks good - real
good.  I want you at the  meeting when I present this tomorrow.  So tonight 
you're going to be working late at my house.  But,  first we have to go find
something suitable for you to  wear."

"Yes, ma'am.  Ma'am?" I asked.

"Yes?"

I could feel the tears welling in my eyes.  I tried to  blink them away.  "Will
I still have a job after  this?"  My body shook at the thought of enduring all 
this for nothing.

"Aww, my poor pussy-pet," she said, getting up from  her chair.  "Come here my
nimble fingered girl."

I went over to her and she appeared to want to hug me.   I opened my arms for
her embrace.  Instead she  captured my hand, pulled it down between her legs,
and  up her skirt.

"As long as you do like I tell you," she slid my hand  up and down her crotch of
her satin panties.  I could  feel crease of her sex against my fingers.  "You'll 
*always* have a job with me."

Yes, but what kind of job?  I didn't go to college to  end up as some sort of
personal masturbateur.

Later that day, after her meeting was over, Thandi  tapped me on my shoulder. 
"Let's go," she said.

"Yes, ma'am."  I shut down my computer and left with  my black supervisor. 

She handed me the keys.  I unlocked the door, got in  and popped the other locks
as well.  She looked back  at me with a very dissatisfied look on her face.  I 
hurriedly got out and opened the door for her, then  closed it after she was
safely in.  The urge to slap  the smug look off her face was overwhelming.

I got back in and started the car.  "Where to?" I  asked.

"The mall."

***************** Later, at the mall.

"Please," I begged, struggling against Thandi.

"Shhh. . . do you want someone to hear?"

"But she'll be back at any minute."

"You let me worry about that.  The only thing you need  to worry about is
looking in the mirror.  And you  better keep those hands down unless you want
some  pretty pink stripes on your milky white breasts."

I stared at the mirror, watching in horror, as Thandi  reached from behind me,
cupped my bare breasts, lifted  them, and let the fall down.  Then her dark
fingers  sought out my pink nipples, tweaking them, and tugging  them roughly. 
It was painful to my cold, contracted,  tight nubs, but it also sent shivers of
pleasure down  my spine.

"Why are you doing this to me?"  I closed my eyes and  bit my lip to keep from
crying out in pleasure.

"You need to be fitted for a bra and I want you in  your natural slutty state."

Just then, there was a knock on the door.

"Keep those hand down," Thandi whispered, before  facing me toward the door, and
then opening it wide.    The young girl's eyes widened in surprise at seeing me 
in such a state, and then moved up to my eyes in a  cool professional stare.

I wish I could be as cool.  Instead, I blushed in  humiliation, dying to cover
myself, especially  considering I was on display to everyone in the store, 
several of whom were men. 

The young girl closed the door.  "Eager to get  started, huh?"she asked.

"Yes," I muttered.  I wondered if she was making a  joke at the eagerness of my
nipples or the fact that I  had already taken off my shirt and bra.

"How about lifting your arms for me?" she said,  circling me with the measuring
tape.

I lifted them up so she could put the tape under them,  and went to lower them,
but Thandi caught my elbows.   "No."   She brought my elbows and together behind
my  head.  "Now grab the opposite elbow with each hand."

I did as she bid.  The girl looked more and more  uncomfortable in our presence. 
"How's that?" Thandi  asked her.

"It's okay . . . I guess, but really I think they are  supposed to be down, but
nevermind." she said.  She  quickly took several measurements.  I bit down on my 
lip to keep from embarrassing myself in front of her.

"You're a 34C," she said. 

"Great," Thandi said.  Then she moved her arms around  me and grabbed each of my
breasts from underneath -  lifting them and pushing them together.  "What I'm 
looking for is this effect.  Something to give her  some lift.  Take away a few
years of gravity if you  know what I mean."

She emphasized the 'you know what I mean' part by  bouncing my breasts up and
down, causing them to  jiggle and quiver.

The sales girl smirked.  She hid her mouth behind her  hand to stifle her
giggles.  I wanted to crawl under a  rock, but the only thing I had to hide
behind was my  blush.

The girl left, opened the door wide, making sure those  that missed the matinee
had a chance at the evening  show.  A few seconds later I heard several girls 
laughing out loud.  Thandi pinched and tugged at my  nipples without compassion. 
She humped her pelvis  against my ass.  "Are you wet?  I bet you are, aren't 
you slut?  A slut like you probably gets off on  showing off her body.  Tell me,
have these young girls  made you wet?"

"Yes," I admitted.  I dared not lie and risk losing a  point.

"Do you want her to see how I've got your slutty  little pussy under my
control?"

"God no!"

"Then get those nimble fingers into my panties.  Go  on, reach behind you. 
That's my girl."

She was already soaked.  I worked her pussy while she  teased my breast.  We - I
mean I was in constant  danger of being exposed.  Thandi's body was hid behind 
mine.

"Mmmm-I love your soft fingers," she whispered in my  ear.  "Look in the mirror,
my soft girl.  Tell me what  you see."

I looked in the mirror.  Watched my hand working  underneath her skirt.  Watched
Miss Moore tug and pull  on my hard nipples.  Watched as she held my body tight 
and pushed her hips against my arse.  She could just  as well have been fucking
me, and judging from the  expression on my face, the flush on my cheeks and 
breasts, and my hardened nipples, I was desperate to  be fucked - by anyone. 

"A-a turned on woman," I admitted.

"Look again," she said.  "I see a horny little pussy  pet.  What do you see?"

"Oh God," I groaned.  "A horny- a horny little pussy  pet.  Please Miss Moore,
please take the belt off.    I'll do anything."

She continued tugging at my nipples, further  elongating them.  "I know you
will," she said.  "And  what I want you to do is show this girl how pretty,  how
long, how erect your nipples are."

"Oh, please don't," I gasped, but made no move to stop  her and she continued
her manipulations.   A few  minutes later there was a knock on the door.

"Come in," Monique said, letting go of my nipples.  I  hurriedly removed my hand
from her panties, and wiped  away the stickiness on the back of my skirt.

There were two girls now.  "Wow," said the newer girl,  staring at my nipples. 
I looked down in horror and  realized that not only were they now erect, but
they  were decorated with reddened tell-tell pinch marks.

"Go on Pet, raise your arms, so they can dress you.   Quickly.  You are holding
up progress."

There was nothing I could do, but meekly lift my arms  up and lock my hands
around the opposite elbows. 

The first girl looked hesitant, but the newer girl  smiled and took a small bra
from her.  "This is a nice  half-bra.  It provides a lot of lift." 

She talked to Thandi, treating me as if I weren't  there.  Worse, she took her
time fitting me, adjusting  my breast this way and that until she was satisfied.

"How's that?"

"Perfect," said Thandi.  "I'll take two of them.   Black and red.  What do you
have there?"

"That's a corset.  You mentioned taking a few years  off.  This will sure do
it," the new girl said.  "Can  I help put it on her?"

"Sure," Thandi said.

The little bitch did a good job of it.  I thought she  was going to crush my
ribs putting the restrictive  garment on me.  By the time she was finished, I
could  barely breathe.

"It looks good on your slave," the young girl said. 

A slave?  I was a professional woman.  Sure I was in a  bind, but it was none of
her business anyway.  "I have  you know, I'm a married woman," I chided the
little  bitch.

Thandi put her arms around me, hugging me intimately,  before cupping my
breasts.  I tried to pull her hands  away, but I couldn't.  "That's right, my
pretty little  Pet is a married woman, so don't you girls get the  wrong idea
about us.  We have a perfectly respectable  business relationship, don't we
Pet?"

"Exactly," I said.  I would have to have a talk with  her about calling me Pet
later.

The girls grinned a knowing grin.  The little bitches  didn't believe us! 

"Thank you for your help girls, I think we will take  everything you've shown
us.  Pet, say thank you Miss."

"Thank you Miss," I said, just wanting to get dressed  and out of there.

I used to enjoy shopping, but this was the worst  shopping trip of my life. 
Everywhere we went, I ended  up buying clothes that were much too risqu,.  
Sometimes Miss Moore looked around and make sure no  one was watching, then
placed my hand underneath her  skirt.  "Hurry, no one is looking.  Give me a
rub,  Pussy-princess," she said.  

I was sure we weren't caught, but it seemed like  everyone who helped us, ended
up with the impression  that Thandi and I were lovers.  Which was totally 
untrue. 

To make matters worse, I bought everything myself,  from the heels, to the short
skirts and thin blouses.   I pretty much maxed out my card.

"Think of it as an investment," Thandi said.

The only thing Thandi paid for was the trip to the  beauty shop.  She picked out
the hairstyle.  She said  it was more professional, but it looked like it was 
more suited to a runway model than someone who managed  computers.  I would have
been really pissed off about  the hair, but little did I know, Thandi could do
much  worse.

"Is this the place that did your nails?" Thandi asked.

"Yes."

"Excuse me Miss, I need to talk with you about these  nails," Thandi said.

Thank God, maybe she would get them taken off as they  were much to long for a
professional woman.

"Yes?" the oriental girl replied.

"They are very good, but there is a slight problem  with them."

"I sorry.  What problem?"

Thandi grabbed my hand and lifted it up.  She lifted  up my index and middle
fingers.  "These two nails are  getting in the way."

People were turning to look.  I blushed in  humiliation. 

"Only two nail?"

"Yes, only two nails.  The rest are fine.  Can you  just shorten these two and
make sure there are no  sharp edges on them.  I would hate to be cut."

The girl's eyes widened in response, so did everyone  else who heard.  The girl
went back and said something  in Chinese.  They became very animated, speaking
in  Chinese and pointing at me - tittering among  themselves.  I wanted to crawl
under a rock.

She came back to the desk smiling.  "Okay, we fix."

Thank God, I didn't have to wait long.  She took me  back and had someone make
the necessary adjustments.   When she was finished, Thandi rubbed her fingers
over  my nails, testing them.  "Yes, that will be fine.   Thank you so much."

I had never been so humiliated in all my life.  I  shuddered at what all the
white women that populated  the nail salon must have thought of me.  Thinking
that  I was the lover to this young black woman.  I wanted  to scream out that I
had a husband and I loved him  very much.  Tell them that I only put up with
this  treatment and . . .provided additional services to my  boss to keep from
getting fired.  We truly needed my  income.

To be continued. . .


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




Amazon dot cum Ch. 4
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, MF, domination, chastity)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or
offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

We drove back to Thandi's house and she asked me to  make dinner.  While I
busied myself in the kitchen,  she sat at the dining table looking over a stack
of  papers.  I was worried about some of the things that  had happened earlier
that day, and I tried to think  about dinner, but I just couldn't lose the sense
of  apprehension. 

Thandi came in and poured a glass of wine.  "How's  dinner coming along?"

"It will be ready in a few minutes, ma'am."

"You are going to turn heads tomorrow when you show up  with your new look,"
Thandi said.

"I've got to talk to you about that ma'am."  Even  after every humiliating thing
that had happened at the  mall, I could only think of one thing. 

"Is there a problem?" Her look suggested there better  not be a problem.

I steeled myself.  "Ma'am, I can't take those clothes  home.  My husband . . .
he's out of work and he'll be  upset about-about . . ."

"That you spent money.  Why?  It's your money."

"We don't have a lot right now."

"Leave the clothes here.  You'll change at my house  before and after work. 
Okay?"

"Thank you," I said, breathing a sigh of relief.

"Take off your clothes," she said.

"What?" I asked, hesitantly undoing my buttons.

"You heard me.  Just because I said you could change  here, doesn't mean it was
okay.  Now, take them off,  or do you want to go for a strapping?"

"No ma'am."  I was a blur.  Within seconds I was naked  in front of her, my
clothes piled at my feet.  The  chicken breasts popped and sizzled in the fry
pan.

"I'm afraid you've gotten me rather bothered," Thandi  said.  "Kneel."

"But the food-"

"Kneel NOW."

"Yes, ma'am," I said, and did.  She cut the heat on  the stove down, opened a
drawer, took out a wooden  spoon, and stripped off her shoes and hose.  "Time to 
test out those new fingernails little Pussy-girl.  Go  on do it.  Get those
nimble little fingers moving."

I tickled my fingers through the soft curly hairs of  her sex, teasing her and
making sure she was ready.  I  needn't have worried.  She was soaked.

Then she leaned forward and . . . SPLAT!  Pain  radiated from my ass.  She had
spanked me with the  spoon!  The nerve!

"Look at me girl," she warned.

I did.  It was difficult.  You understand.  I was on  my knees, and she was
standing there with her breasts  in the way.  I did my best, watching her from
between  her cleavage, with my fingers fumbling around, trying  to bring her
off, but having no such luck. 

The look of displeasure on her face grew more and more  pronounced, while I grew
more and more frightened.   Afraid of what she would do to 'motivate' me.

I soon found out when she leaned forward and rained  blows down on my helpless
and exposed bottom.  My  chance of bringing her off grew even more hopeless.  I 
could barely reach her with her leaning forward as she  was and the blows to my
ass didn't help matters.

Tears of despair welled in my eyes and my ass burned.   What could I possibly
do?

"Girl you better figure out a way to entice me, cause  your fingers aren't doing
shit," Thandi said.

I did the only thing I could think of, I threw my arms  around her dark thigh
and begged.  "Please Ms. Moore.   I'm trying so hard to be good.  I want to be a
good  Pussy girl for you."

The blows to my ass slackened.  Seeing my opening, I  sought hers, snaking my
hand between her thighs,  capturing her tiny nubbin between forefinger and 
thumb, and oh so gently manipulating it.

"Does that feel good Miss?  Do my fingers feel good?"   I looked up hopefully,
my heart leapt as her face  softened, her lips parted slightly, and she dropped 
down to her knees.  I had done it.  I had finally  brought the bitch down to my
level!

She must have somehow sensed what I was thinking,  because her eyes narrowed and
her lips curled into a  sly grin.  She grabbed my ear and tugged me down onto 
my elbows.  "Don't forget your place Pussy girl.  Get  down there and go to
work."

She started spanking me again and I was in just as bad  a fix as I was in
before.  I had to support my weight  with one hand, which meant I could barely
pleasure her  with the other. 

Eventually, I got around this by wrapping one arm  around her waist, which I
held her skirt up with, and  with my other, I could easily pleasure her.  This
put  me a little closer to the black bitch than I would  have liked, but it was
better than the alternative. 

Even without looking at her face, I could tell I was  pleasing her.  I could
feel it in my fingers she  clenched with her sex, I could feel it in my arm 
wrapped that rode on her dancing bottom, and I could  feel it in my cheek that
rested on her thrusting  pelvis.

She placed the wooden spoon under my chin and tilted  my head up.  "You still
think I'm a bitch?" she asked.

"Yes," I admitted.

"Good," she said, smiling down at me.  "Then you're  not going to be
disappointed when I do this."  And  then she took the spoon and spanked me on my
flank.   Then again between the cheeks of my arse.  Then my  other flank. 

Flank-arse-flank. 

She repeated it this over and over again, the blows  landing in the same place
each time, while I pleasured  her.  There was no way to escape the blows to my 
flanks, and I hate to admit the way I escaped the  blows between my cheeks. 

Dear Lord, I arched my back and spread my legs wider,  causing the flat of the
spoon to land squarely on the  sensitive flesh of my arsehole.  I grunted as
each  blow landed.  I felt the effects not only on my arse,  but inside.  I even
felt it in my sex. 

It hurt, but somehow, I craved more of this wicked  sensation.  I went so far as
timing her blows and even  humping my hips back and up as the spoon landed. 
Soon  the blows stopped landing on my flanks, and rained one  after the other on
my tender nether hole.  The pain  grew more intense, but so did the pleasure. 

"You're such a dirty whore," Thandi teased.  "This is  meant to be your
punishment, but instead you like it.   Just look at you humping your hips, you
little ass  whore.   I bet you must have begged all your white  boyfriends to
fuck your dirty hole, didn't you?   Didn't you?" 

"No, Mistress," I gasped.

"But, I bet you wanted to," she groaned, pumping her  hips in pleasure at the
same time.  "What stopped you?   You didn't want them to know what a cheap whore
you  are."

"Yes, oh God yes," I cried, admitting the truth to  her.  The blows rained
harder and faster.  So fast I  could no longer buck my hips in time to them,
only  spread my legs and offer myself up to her.  I held on  to her tighter, as
my knees grew weak.

Thandi tossed the spoon away and pushed me down on my  back.  She climbed over
me and straddled my shoulders.   Her pussy towered over me.  Over my face.

"That's it," she said.  "Bring me off my little Pussy- girl." 

I played her pussy like a piano, probing, thrusting,  and manipulating her
tender flesh.  She undid her  blouse and cupped her breasts, while she perched
atop  me.  I watched her face.  I had never seen her so out  of control before. 
She bit her lip.  She grunted and  groaned like an animal. 

I you thought for a moment, it would make her less  demanding you were wrong.

"Fuck me you white bitch.  Faster.  Faster or so help  me, you'll wear that belt
for months.  That's it.   Right there.  Faster. . . faster .. . oh-oh- oh-
weeee!" she cried, as she orgasmed.

Afterwards, she bucked thrice and curled atop my head,  totally surrounding me -
enveloping me in her thighs -  her stomach - her sex.

"Oh God-oh God" she panted, repeating it over and over  again.  It was hot
beneath her, trapped under her  skirt, as I was with her thighs on each side of
my  face, and my nose tucked somewhere in the region of  her bellybutton, but I
dare not move.  Even though the  very air was heavy with her musky fragrance. 

And then . . . I don't know what possessed me.  Maybe  the fact that we had
shared something wonderful, even  if she had been the one who received it, while
I had  been the one to give it.  But whatever the reason . .  . I kissed her.  I
kissed her lean stomach and tasted  the salty flavor of her sweat.  I tasted
something  else as well.  The flavor of her sex. 

It was then I realized I was much lower than I thought  I was.  My chin rested
in the groove of her sex. 

"Whew," she said, sitting back up, her aroused sex  still too close to my face
for comfort.  "That was a  good one.  I'm tempted to give you two points for it, 
but you messed it up at the end.  Do you remember what  you did?"

I wanted to whine.  I wanted, no needed an orgasm.   Needed it in my very bones. 
"No, ma'am."

"Oh, I think you do."  She smiled, closed her eyes in  bliss, made a V with her
fingers, and licked between  them lewdly in an exaggerated manner.  "Ring a
bell?"

I blushed.  "I didn't do that.  My-my lips were dry,  so I licked them."

"That better be all you were doing," she said.  "Cause  this is bizness
relationship.  Keep your mind and your  eyes and *especially* your tongue off of
my pussy."

I realized I had been staring at her very well used  sex, and tried to focus on
her eyes, but her nipples  were in that direction.  What was happening to me?  I 
wasn't sure, but I did know that if I didn't get an  orgasm real soon, I was
going to be in big trouble.

She stood up and helped me to my feet.  I tried to  dress, but she just tossed
me an apron instead.  It  didn't hide much.  My breasts were constantly falling 
out of the sides and my ass was bare.  God, it was  humiliating.  We ate dinner
as if nothing in the world  had happened.  It was overcooked and dry due to 
inattention, but by then I was so hungry, it was the  best meal of my life. 
Afterwards, I washed dishes and  began to dry them and put them away.

"Leave them, Tracy," Thandi said.  "Let's get you  showered and back home to
hubby."

 She led me to the bathroom and began to put a pair of  leather cuffs on my
wrists.

"I'm going to take off the belt, and I don't want you  to get any funny ideas."

Take the belt off?  I didn't have to be asked twice.   I meekly submitted as she
bound me and secured my arms  above my head.  Then she stripped and joined me in
the  shower.  Her body was lean and athletic, yet she still  had a firm pair of
breasts and a large rounded arse.   She lifted the key to my belt from between
her breasts  and brought it to my lips.

"Kiss it," she said.

I kissed it with reverence.  The power the key over me  had been on my mind
every waking moment.

She unlocked the belt, winced, turned her head, and  said, "What a slut."

To say my fruit was ripe was an understatement.  It  was swollen, aroused, wet,
and the musk from my  constant arousal had been locked away until that very 
moment.

"Don't get any funny ideas," she said, and began to  lather me up.  The
sensation was exquisite.  I  couldn't stop myself from growing aroused, from 
gasping, from seeking her touch. 

Finally she rinsed me off with the shower wand.  When  the hot jets of water hit
my sex, I thought for sure,  I was going to have an orgasm before I had enough 
points, but she moved on at the last moment.

"Please," I begged.

"Please what?"

"I need it."  I didn't care if she was a woman, that  she was blackmailing me,
that she was my boss, or the  worst bitch I had ever met.  I just wanted her to 
grant me release.  "Please, ma'am, I need to cum."

"You're wasting your time and energy girl," she said.   "Put your mind on
something constructive like earning  your points."

With that, she cut the shower off, dried and chastised  me.  I did my best to
stave off the tears that  threatened to fall.  I refused to let her see my 
weakness - my need. 

Afterwards, I dressed and boxed the leftovers from  dinner up to give to my
husband, who was not too  please with how overcooked they were.  I placed his 
dirty plates in the dishwasher, including the ones  from lunch, but I would be
damned if I was going to  pick up the beer cans laying around in the living 
room.  After changing into a T-shirt and a pair of  sweats, I picked up a book
and went to bed.

After a couple of hours, the phone rang.  I picked it  up.  It was Thandi.

"What are you doing right now?" she asked.

"Reading a book."  The nerve of her, calling me at  home at this hour. 

"I'm bored."

"Well, I'm sure there's something good on TV right  now."  I was trying to be
short with her, but not  enough to give her reason to be mad.

"Then why aren't *you* watching it?"

A good question.  I had long since given up on TV at  our house.  "Our TV only
plays sports.  I think it's  on the All-football-all-the-time channel."

"I didn't call to talk about your TV.  I was thinking  about tonight . . . when
you kissed me." 

The way she said it, she insinuated like it was my  idea.  "I didn't-" I
retored.

"Shhh. . . I want you to do something for me, to set  my mind at ease."

I could hear her breathing heavily in the phone.   Didn't she ever think about
something other than sex?   "What?"

"I want you to call your husband to the room so I can  be sure you aren't
turning queer on me or something."

Jesus, she couldn't expect me to have sex with my  husband on demand could she? 
Besides . . .the bitch  made sure I couldn't.  "You know I can't.  Not without 
the key."  My leg slid up and down the other.  God, I  needed that key.

"Give him a blow job," she said and in a more forceful  voice.   "Go on.  Call
him."

I was already growing wet.  I should tell her no.  To  fuck off.  What was
happening?  Why was I so fucking  randy all of a sudden.  "Honey," I called. 
"Come to  bed."

"The game's not over yet," he called back.

"The game isn't going to give you a blowjob though, is  it Honey?"  Did that
come from me?  I was such a slut.   The TV was cut off.  

"He's coming," I whispered into the phone.  "I've got  to go."

"No you don't either," Thandi said.  "I'm going to  listen in and make sure you
do it."

"I can't.  He'll catch me," I whispered, just as the  hall light cut on.  Jesus,
it was too late.  I hid the  phone beneath the covers just before my husband
Bill  entered the room.

I smiled innocently at him, as he walked in, his penis  swelling inside his
boxer.  I patted the other side of  the bed.  "Come to bed honey."

He cut off the lights and climbed into bed.  I slid  down beneath the covers
until I was at his crotch.  He  smelled of beer, corn chips, and sweat.  Yummy,
I  thought to myself sarcastically. 

I kissed and sucked his manhood until it came to life. 

"Ahhh," he gasped, pushing down on my head to force  his prick further into my
mouth.  With one hand, I  held the base of his cock.  With the other, I held the 
phone close by. 

"Oh Trace," Bill groaned.  "I sure don't know what's  gotten into you lately,
but I like it."

I tried to keep the sucking sounds to a minimum while  I pleasured my husband,
knowing Thandi was listening  on the other line.

"I can't hear anything.  Is he there yet?" Thandi  asked.

My heart sped in panic.  Had Bill heard?

"What was that?" Bill asked.

I moaned loudly, sucking and smacking on his cock.   Loud enough for Thandi to
hear and loud enough to keep  Bill from hearing the phone, just in case.  I
bobbed  my head up and down like a mad woman.

"Oh fuck, here it comes!" Bill announced and then I  felt his prick swell and
his ball sack shrink.  His  sticky salty semen filled the back of my mouth.

I heard Thandi's voice, faintly buzzing from the  phone.  I snuck it to my ear,
careful to keep from  hitting my husband's hand, which was pressing on top  of
my head.

"Don't you dare swallow.  Not one fucking drop.  You  understand me?"

"Mmmmm-hummm" I said, my mouth full of prick.

"You like it huh?" Bill said, running his hand through  my hair.

What could I say but "Mmmmm"?

I kept the suction with my mouth and held my lips  tight as I pulled off to
capture every drop, just as  Thandi ordered.  I didn't think Bill could see, but 
just in case, I held the phone on the other side of my  body, as I got of out
bed, closed the door behind me  and hurried to the living room.

"Mmmm-mmmm." I said into the phone.

"Are you alone slut?"

"Mmm" I answered, hoping she would get the message I  couldn't talk.

"Once for yes, twice for no."

"Mmm"

"Are you in the kitchen?"

"Mmmm-Mmmm."

"No?  Then get your ass to the kitchen and find a  small container with a top to
spit the cum into."

Jesus, what was this bitch thinking?  It took a minute  but I found a small
plastic container.  I spit the cum  from my mouth.  By this time it was a
mouthful, as I  hadn't been able to swallow and it was now mixed with  an equal
amount of saliva.

"It's out," I said.

"Spit a few more times in there to be sure," Thandi  said.

I did.  The mess in the container looked disgusting.

"That's my girl.  Now cover it and put it in the  freezer.  Make sure you bring
that with you tomorrow  okay?"

Yuck!  What a sick bitch she was.  Well she was  welcome to it.  She could have
all the cum she wanted.

"So tell me," she said.  "How did it feel?"

"It was okay," I said.  A nice safe answer.

"Oh I bet it was more than okay.  I never heard anyone  suck like that. 
Slurping and smacking on it like it  was a chicken bone or something.  God, it
was so lewd  and disgusting, but kind of hot at the same time."  Thandi said.

Was it my imagination or was she out of breath? 

"I could tell right away that you weren't quite ready  to turn queer on me.  You
love to suck a cock.  I bet  you sucked every one of your white boyfriends
didn't  you?"

My face burned with humiliation.  She was right.

"I asked you a question."

"Yes," I answered, but she didn't understand.  It  wasn't that I wanted to do
it.  I really didn't care  for doing it.  I found it degrading, but it was just 
an easy way to keep from going all the way until I was  ready to. 

"How did it feel knowing that I was listening?" she  asked, breathing heavily
into the phone.

"I hated it.  Jesus, my husband heard you once," I  said, being as forceful
about it as I could.  "Miss  Moore, I won't let you ruin my marriage."

"But you're hot aren't you?  You were even hot then.   I could tell.  I could
hear it in the way you slurped  and smacked on that big bone," Thandi said. 
"Answer  me slut.  Did it make . . . you . . .hot?"

". . . yes," I admitted.

"Ahhh. . ." she groaned.  "And you hate it don't you?   One last question girl." 
There was a long pause.   "Didn't you think it was kind of short?"

"Ma'am," my face was burning.  "That is entirely none  of your business,  but my
husband is average size as  far as I know."

"Poor baby," she rasped into the phone.  "I meant the  time.  The sounds you
were making were getting me all  hot and bothered and then the next thing I
know, Pop!   It was barely over a minute.  Are you sure he really  came?"

"Yes."  The bitch.  Did she think I couldn't satisfy  my husband?  I had the
mouth full of cum to prove it.

"Make sure you bring me that cum to me tomorrow.  I'm  not sure I believe you,"
Thandi said.

God she made me so fucking mad with her smug little  attitude.  I cupped the
receiver in my hands so Bill  wouldn't hear.  "Look he came okay.  You're gonna
be  amazed at how much he came.   Just you wait and see."   Bitch.  I would show
her.  I would show her the  container full of cum and she would see just how
good  a wife I was and just how much Bill was satisfied with  me.

"Sure-sure-" she said, patronizingly.  "A minute.  A  minute a goddamned
minute." 

I heard her groan and the phone went dead in my ear.   Fucking bitch.  Now I was
not only horny as hell, but  mad to as well.  I opened the refrigerator, took
out  one of Bill's beers, popped the top and drank it.  I  drank another and the
buzz hit me full force.  Fuck  Bill for putting me in this position in the first 
place and fuck Thandi for making it happen.

I threw the beer can and knocked down the pyramid of  beer cans Bill had built
on the coffee table.   Asshole.  Let him clean them up.  I went to bed with  the
world spinning around in circles.

To be continued. . .


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




Amazon dot cum Ch.5
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. 

(c) 2003 Couture

***********

The next morning brought the harsh reality of my  situation home.  The buzz was
gone and I was left with  a headache and the worst case of cotton mouth ever.  
When I saw the clock, my heart sped, as I threw on my  clothes quickly, knowing
that I was running late and  that I would be changing again at Thandi's anyway. 

It wasn't until I was leaving that I remembered the  cum. . .

Jesus, it seemed so different last night.  I felt  proud of it -- proud that
there was so much of it.

But now I was only feeling shame and humiliation as I  snuck the container from
the freezer into my purse.  I  thought of leaving it, or better yet, throwing it 
away, but I knew deep down that I couldn't face Miss  Moore.  I mean, what if
she made me start over at the  beginning again?  No, anything but that.

***********

I sped on the way to Thandi's house, and ran to her  door, just making it in
time. 

"You're pushing it," she said, as she opened the door  and looked down at her
watch.

"Sorry, ma'am."

"Did you bring it?"

My insides lurched.  I had hoped she would forget.  I  should have known better.

"It's in my purse."

"Good," Thandi said.  "Give it to me.  Now, take off  your clothes - hurry hurry
we're running late."

I stripped quickly, but evidently not quickly enough,  because Thandi took off
her small leather belt swatted  my ass and thighs until I stood naked in front
of her,  save for the chastity belt.

"Now get dressed," Thandi said.  "Your clothes are on  the bed."

Slap!  Slap!  Slap!  Again she took swats at me with  the belt all the way into
the bedroom.  The licks  weren't exactly painful, but they didn't feel good 
either.  Nor did the licks give me time to ponder the  tiny thong, the sheer
push-up bra, the stockings, or  the scandalously thin outfit she had selected
for me. 

I threw them on and did my best to pull down the hem  of the skirt to cover my
stocking tops.  She couldn't  seriously expect me to wear this to work, could
she?

Thandi stood there and threw her arms wide.  "Now you  look professional," she
said.

A professional?  Not a systems engineer, more likely  the kind of profession you
see on a street corner. I  needed a mirror to see how bad my outfit was, but I 
didn't get the opportunity.

"Come on girl, don't just stand there, get in the car,  we have work to do,"
Thandi said. 

I teetered to the car on the too high heels.  When I  sat down in the car seat,
my skirt rode up, exposing  my panties and stockings.  To my dismay, no matter 
what I tried, I couldn't cover them.  I knew from the  start it was going to be
a bad day.

************

We arrived at work, and after we parked the car,  Thandi took my chin and turned
my face towards hers.   "One final touch," she said, taking out a pencil and 
tube of lipstick.  She outlined my lips with the  pencil and applied the
lipstick.  Afterwards, she  handed me a tissue to blot them.  I looked down at
the  tissue.  Lord, my lips were crimson red!

"Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life,"  Thandi said with a smile. 
"Let's go knock 'em dead."

Easy for her to say, she wasn't the one on display! 

I got out of the car and pulled the too short skirt  down so that it covered the
tops of my stockings.  I  made a mental note to keep them covered.

We walked to the building.  It felt much longer today  than ever before.  Maybe
because it was harder to walk  in the heels, but more than likely it was due to
the  ultimate humiliation I was to face.  I still hadn't  seen myself, except
for a brief glance of my  reflection in the car mirror.  It wasn't until I met 
Sheila and her eyes opened in shock that I knew how  outlandish I looked.

I could feel the heat from my blush burning in my  cheeks.  I looked down at the
ground so I wouldn't  have to look anyone in the eye.

"Don't look down there," Thandi said.  "You're my  girl, so be proud of it. 
Head up.  Back straight.   Look 'em in the eye and smile."

Back straight meant chest out and my breasts were  bouncing badly enough as it
was.  My nipples pointed  at like flashing headlights.  I didn't think I could 
do it, but I tried to imagine I was a Hollywood  actress going onstage to get an
award.  It must have  worked.  It was amazing watching the men we met go out  of
their way to hold open the doors for us. 


************

Later that morning, Thandi called me to her office.

"I need to relieve a little stress," Thandi said.   "But before we begin I want
to do a few exercises with  you.  You know, to keep you straight."

"But I am strai-" I protested.

Thandi put her fingers to my lips, silencing me.   "Shhhh," she said.  "Listen,
I understand.  It's  okay."

"But-"

She put her finger to my lips again and patted my hair  as if I were some sort
of pet.  I felt my anger  rising.

"I understand completely and I don't blame you.   Maslow said that people try to
meet their primary  needs first.  You know, like food, shelter, etc.  And  let's
face it; I'm the one meeting those needs for  you, not your husband.  It's
perfectly understandable  how you could lose your sexual identity."

It made sense in some sort of vague way, but I loved  my husband and I wasn't a
lesbian.  So, Maslow,  whoever that was, must be wrong.

She reached in her purse and pulled out the container  that I had filled with my
husband's semen.  Her  eyebrows lifted in surprise.  "And while your husband 
seems to have plenty of spunk," she snickered.  "His  dickie doesn't seem have
the ah-how should I say it?   Staying power."

Thandi reached back into the bag.  "And that's why I  got you this," and with a
flourish she pulled out a  large dildo - a very large *black* dildo.  "It's
about  average size, wouldn't you say?"

I could only nod my head in wonder.  If this was  average, then Bill must be
tiny.  It was much larger  than him both in length and girth.  Lord all mighty,
I  bet it could make me cum again and again.

"You don't mind the color do you?  It was mine, you  understand.  You're not
racist or anything are you?"

"No, ah-I don't mind," I replied hesitantly, looking  up at her from between her
spread thighs.  Just take  this chastity belt off and I'll show you just how 
straight I can be.  I was going to fuck myself silly  on her big dildo.

Miss Moore took the monstrous black cock and wedged it  in the V of her crotch,
which puzzled me.  How was I  going to mount it?  Next, she removed a spoon from
the  bag, dipped it in the container of semen and dolled  the contents out on
top of the black dildo.  "Go on  girl get started."

Get started?  I looked back up at her quizzically.   She couldn't possibly mean.
. .

"If that shit hits my thighs, you lose a cum . . .  maybe two or three."

Oh God, she did mean it.  I felt my anger rising,  burning as she fanned the
flames.  I wanted to slap  her and walk out on her.  I wanted my life back.  I 
wanted a lot of things . . .but I NEEDED to cum.  I  couldn't start over again.

I quickly bent forward to lick it off, but she stopped  me with a hand to my
forehead.  "You *suck* a dick.   God, you white bitches can be so stupid
sometimes."

My husband's cum was trailing further and faster down  the cock.  I didn't have
to think and there was no way  I was going to lose a cum.  Not after everything
I had  already done.

I opened my mouth and sucked the rubber prick, but it  was too big and long for
me to get the stream of semen  that was running down the base.  I sucked at it
again,  making a loud slurp at the bottom, and was able to  capture the errant
stream. 

I lifted off to make sure none had contacted her  chocolate thighs.  Thankfully,
they were still  pristine.

"You missed some," she said, pointing at a white ring  of cum, just beyond where
my lips were able to reach.

I tried again, the head of the dildo hitting the back  of my throat, before I
was able to clean it.  As I  lifted off, I gagged, coughing and crying between
her  thighs.

"Not a very good cocksucker are you?  You sure sounded  better at it last night. 
Well, don't worry, we have  plenty of time to practice."  She dipped the spoon
in  the container again and ladled out another dollop of  bitter cream.  "Now
repeat after me.  I'm a  heterosexual woman and I have no wish to lick Miss 
Moore's pussy."

The woman was demented.  Thoroughly and absolutely  deranged.  I hated her and
the hate made it easy to  join in her madness.

"I'm a heterosexual woman and I have no wish to lick  Miss Moore's pussy," I
repeated with a growl and went  down on the cock again.

"That's a girl," Thandi said, grabbing my ears and  pushing me up and down the
black cock, forcing me to  blow it.  "Up and down, up and down, suck it you 
little cocksucker.  Let me hear you suck it like you  did it last night.  Come
on you white bitch, suck that  black cock."

I obeyed, not once thinking that someone could come to  the door and hear us.  I
slurped, I swallowed, I  hummed, and I fucked the thick prick like I meant it.  
Making certain she knew what my sexual orientation  was. 

 I closed my eyes, so I wouldn't have to look at her  sex, and tried to imagine
my husband Bill, but it was  impossible.  Every time, I opened my eyes, I saw
the  large black cock.  Nothing like that could ever belong  to my husband. 
Nor, could I get the musky smell of  her sex out of my head or the thought of
where the  dildo had been earlier. It was hers.  Surely she had  used it.

She lifted up on my hooped ears, pulling me off the  cock.  She dolled out
another spoonful of semen.   "Remember to say it."

"I'm a heterosexual woman and I have no wish to lick  Miss Moore's pussy."

But I did.  God help me I did.  For the next thirty  minutes I sat between her
legs and blew the fake cock,  the whole time smelling her and wondering what it 
would be like to taste her.  

And Thandi was turned on too.  I could tell from the  way she was breathing and
the slight shifting of her  hips . . . the smell of her musk.  Her pussy was
just  out of my reach, the cock parting her nether lips. 

I couldn't help myself, no matter what I said, or what  I wanted, deep down
inside, I wanted her.  I wanted to  taste her.  A few times, I tried to swallow
the cock,  just so I could press my face to her crotch.  It  always caused me to
end up gagging and coughing, but  she didn't seem to mind.

Finally, I was able to do it.  The dildo was lodged  uncomfortably in my throat,
but my cheeks were planted  firmly on her thighs, my nose buried in the curly 
tangle of her pubic hair.  I moaned to make sure she  noticed.

"Oh," she gasped.  "You've done it, haven't you slut.   You've swallowed my big
black cock all the way to the  bottom."  She thrust her hips against it several
times  before spreading her legs wide and tossing the dildo  to the side.  "God,
you've got me so turned on.  Fuck  me now.  Finger fuck my pussy you dirty white 
cocksucker."

While, I worked her pussy with my fingers, my own cunt  was afire with sexual
heat beneath the confines of my  chastity belt.  She leaned confidently back in
her  chair, with her widespread legs propped on her desk,  as I worked
diligently between them, fucking her with  my two fingers, fingernails trimmed
for the task.   With my other hand, I manipulated her clit,  occasionally
teasing it with my long nails.

"That's it.  Oh!  God, you are good at this my nimble  fingered pussy girl. 
Come on, look at my face, not my  pussy.  Don't start turning queer on me yet
girl."

But, the sight of her aroused sex was like a magnet to  my eyes.  It was so wet
and swollen from her arousal.   A plump apricot, ripe for the eating.  She was
my  forbidden fruit.  Her fingers were hooked through my  earrings, drawing me
close; so close I could hear the  wet sounds of my fingers thrusting in her and
smell  the spicy musk of her scent. I could practically taste  it.  God, was she
right?  Was I turning gay?

Looking up at her from between her long legs wasn't  much better.  She looked so
strong, so powerful there  in her business attire.  I imagined her pushing me 
over her desk and taking me from the rear with the  dildo that lay discarded on
the floor.

"That's it girl.  That's it.  Oh God, you are going to  make me cum so fucking
hard," Thandi moaned.  "Fuck- fuck-that's it.  Whatever you do, don't stop. 
That's  it girl, that's it.  Fuck-fuck-fuck-ah-I'm-cumming. .  ." 

Her hips bucked and I could feel her squeezing my  fingers.  She leaked like a
faucet.  I had done it.  I  had made her cum and it looked like a good one. One 
that could bring me closer to my own satisfaction.

"Taste my cum - taste my cum - you queer white dyke,"  she gasped, her
executive's chair squeaking in time to  the thrusting of her hips.

I went to kiss her sex, only to be tugged away and up  by my hair.  As my head
was tilted back, I could see  it, the container of cum in her hand.  She was
pouring  it already.

I did the only thing I could to keep from getting it  all over my face.  I
opened my mouth as wide as I  could and even stuck out my tongue in order to
capture  all my husband's semen.

"Oh my God," she groaned.  "You are so *nasty*.  Such  a dirty little cunt. 
Spread my pretty pussy.  That's  a girl, spread it wide open."

I spread her sex.  Her pussy gaping and so pink in the  middle. 

"Now tell me your little saying," she said with a  smirk.

"I-I am a heterosexual woman and I have no desire to  lick Miss Moore's pussy."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes," I lied.  I could feel the heat rising to my  cheeks.

"Are you positive?"

I looked down unable to answer.

"Let's find out."  She picked up the phone and made a  call.  "To whom am I
speaking?  Hello Bill, this is  going to sound weird but I was wondering if you
could  help me and my friend settle a bet?"

Bill?  Oh my God, the bitch had called my husband.   Butterflies danced in my
stomach.

"Here's the deal.  You see my girlfriend, who's not  too bright has gotten a
little behind on her bills and  she needs fifty rand.  Yes, she needs it quite
badly.   So I told her if she licked my pussy, I would give her  the fifty.  You
following me so far Billy boy?

"Good.  She told me she wasn't a whore, so I told her,  hey why don't we call a
random person from the phone  book and if they want you to lick my pussy, I give
you  twenty-five rand instead.  Otherwise, I give her a  hundred.   This way,
she isn't a whore - she's either  a slut or a very lucky girl, because a whore
would  never lick pussy for twenty-five rand and a lucky girl  doesn't have to
do anything to get the hundred.

So, which is she Bill?  A slut or a lucky girl?  And  before you answer, I'll
tell you what, since I'm  feeling *real* generous.  Whatever happens, I'll let 
you listen.

Oh yes?  I thought so.  Here, I want you to tell her  yourself; maybe she can
get you to change your mind."

I took the phone with my shaking hands and held it to  my ear.  There was no way
I could try to change his  mind if it was Bill.  He would recognize my voice.  
"Uh-hum?" I hummed to disguise my voice.

"Lick her pussy you stupid cunt," the voice on the  phone barked.

It was Bill!  God, what was this woman capable of?   And why Bill why?  Why
would you betray me like this?

Miss Moore took the phone from my ear and placed the  receiver above her sex. 
She was going to make me do  it.  Right her in the office, with my husband on
the  phone.

"You heard the man," she said.  "Lick my pussy."

She frowned at my hesitation.  "Come on *Candy*.  Do  it."

She emphasized Candy.  She could have easily called me  Tracy and sold me out. 
She could still just as easily  call me Tracy.  I would have done it for her if
she  had asked.  I admit I was curious, I had been tempted  by her and somehow
attracted to her despite the awful  way she treated me.  But, I didn't want to
do it,  especially not like this.  Not will my husband on the  phone listening.

Instead of letting me decide on my own, Thandi took  matters in her own hands. 
Literally.  She grabbed my  nose between her thumb and forefinger and pulled me 
into her sex, using my mouth like some sort of  masturbation device.

I couldn't resist.  I opened my mouth and tasted her.   Dear Lord, I even licked
her.

Thandi switched the phone to her ear.  "She's doing it  Billy-by.  Can you hear
her?  She's licking my pussy -  ugh - for only twenty-five rand."  To me:  "Here
slut,  let the man hear you suck on my pussy," she said,  switching the phone
next to my mouth.

I could hear Bill's throaty mutterings on the phone.   "This is so hot.  This is
so goddamned hot," he said.

The bastard was jacking off.  I was furious.  I  wouldn't even be in this
position if it wasn't for him  and he was jerking off while I was on my knees.  
Worse, he was going to cum while I wasn't.  I couldn't  stop him, but I was
going to make him pay.  I was  going to give Miss Moore much more pleasure than
he  would ever get with his hand.

I sucked on her clit with a loud slurping sound.  It  vibrated between my lips. 
I moved down to her opening  and did the same, drinking of her nectar.  I stuck
my  tongue as far up her cunt as I could get it.  I did  every dirty thing I
could imagine.   I didn't care.  I  just wanted Bill to pay. 

I knelt between her dark thighs, my tongue rolling her  clit around, as I looked
into her dark eyes.  She was  talking on the phone again.

"Oh Bill, you would not believe how soft her tongue  is.  She's really giving my
clit a work-out."  To me:   "Shove those fingers in my pussy while you lick me 
little Pussy-girl.  God I love your hot little mouth.   Why didn't I do this
sooner?"

Thandi ran her fingers through my hair while I  pleasured her.  She took her
legs off the desk and  draped them over my back, holding my head firmly  between
her thighs. 

"Mmmm- I'm getting close now Bill.  Before I do, let  me tell you the best part. 
My new Pussy-pet is a  white girl.  That's right, this little white girlie is 
licking my beautiful black pussy for only twenty-five  rand."

I heard a click on the phone and then it clattered to  the floor.  Miss Moore
grabbed me by the back of my  head, gave a groan, and began to buck her hips
against  my helpless face.  I couldn't even breathe.  I just  held on for dear
life. 

Finally, she released me. 

She seemed dazed and weakened.  I seized the  opportunity.  "Miss Moore, there's
something I need to  talk to you about" I began, after gathering up my  courage. 
I needed to talk with her desperately.  This  couldn't go on.  Not like this.  I
thought I could  handle things, but these things she was doing were  more
perverted and more subversive than I ever  imagined. 

"Tracy-girl," she said.  "You've got fifteen seconds  to get out of my office or
I'm afraid I'm going to  have to punish those pretty little titties of yours."

"One-two-three," she counted.

Argh!  The bitch wasn't even going to listen to me.  I  hurried to get dressed. 
Thankfully, my stockings had  elastic tops.  I didn't bother to fasten them to
my  garters.  I put on the tiny thong and the pushup bra,  followed by the dress
and heels.  I fumbled with the  strap to the heels.  She was already at
seventeen, by  the time I was smoothing down the too short dress.

"You didn't make it," she stated.  "I'm very  disappointed in you."

"I'm sorry."  Tears were already welling in my eyes.   "Please give me another
chance."

"What are you crying for?" she said.  "A slut you like  you will probably enjoy
it."  She got up from her seat  and advanced on me.  I backed into the door, but
she  pressed closer, taking my nipples between her fingers.   The thin fabric of
the dress offered little  protection.

She teased my hardened nubs, circling and lightly  pinching them.  The feeling
was sublime.  But then  when I least expected it, she would grab hold of my 
tiny nibs and jerk.  Dear Lord, it hurt, but it also  sent a stab a pleasure
straight to my cunt.

Miss Moore continued this torture until my legs grew  weak and I began to slide
down the door.  I whimpered  and moaned as she continued her manipulations. 
"Yes,  a slut like you will probably love it."

She smirked, reached into her breast pocket, and  pulled out several bills. 

"Raise your skirt."

I pulled the tight skirt up, exposing my panties.

"Do it again.  This time, put some hip into it.  Dance  for it.  Earn it."

I let my skirt fall, then took the hem and repeated  the process, this time
swinging my hips from side to  side as if I were a stripper - a prostitute - or
her  slut.  My humiliation was complete when she tucked the  bills, the
twenty-five rand into the band of my  panties.  I yearned to feel the touch of
it against my  sex, but all I felt was the steel confines of the  chastity belt.

"You earned it," she said.  She reached beneath her  skirt, I thought for a
moment she was masturbating  again.  It wouldn't have surprised me, the bitch
was  insatiable.  But when her hand came back out, it was  slick with her
juices, but it also held a small golden  pussy.  The kind I needed to earn an
orgasm.  "You  also earned this."  She went to hand it to me, but it  slipped
from her fingers, and fell to the floor.

"How clumsy of me," she smirked condescendingly.

She made no move to get it, so I bent down to retrieve  it.  I had to.  I needed
to cum more than anything.

"Did I say to let go of your skirt?"

"No Miss."  I dropped down to my knees.  The edge of  the golden cat reflected
from the bottom of her black  pumps.  I realized I would need my hands to get at
the  little cat.  "Ma'am, may I use my hands?"

"I'm sure you can figure something out, yes?"

Yes, I'm sure I could, but I didn't want to.  I only  wanted to cum, not to be
humiliated in this fashion.   I pressed my face close to her pump and pulled at
the  tiny trinket with my lips.  Her foot wouldn't budge.   "Please Miss," I
begged.

She raised her foot up, but moved it directly over the  golden cat.  I was
forced to work it out with my  tongue and picked it up with my lips.  It tasted
of  her sex and was gritty from the dirt that stuck to it.   Afterwards, I
struggled to get back to my feet,  without using my hands.

"You're learning," she said. "Now lower your skirt and  go get yourself cleaned
up." 

I went to open the door.  "Did I say you could move  your hands?"

"No ma'am."  Tears welled in my eyes.

She opened the door for me.  "Keep those hands where  they are until you get to
the restroom and let me see  you shake those hips."

Thankfully, it wasn't far to the restroom.  Only about  twenty meters.  It was
the longest twenty meters I had  ever walked, shaking my hips like a whore, my
erect  breasts threatening to fall from my dress, and  carrying a golden pussy
in my mouth.

When I got to the bathroom, I immediately spit out the  cat, pocketed it and
adjusted my skirt.  The door to  one of the stalls opened and startled me.  It
was  Gina.

"Are you okay?" she asked, coming entirely too close  for comfort.

"I'm fine.  I just need a moment . . . in privacy  please."  I didn't mean to be
snippy, but I couldn't  let her discover the obvious source of my distress.

"It's okay," she put her hand on my shoulder.  "Tell  me what happened.  Did
that black bitch chew you out?"

Her eyes widened as she looked at me closer, my  disheveled clothes, my damp
face.  She put her face  near mine and inhaled.  "My God, you chewed her out 
didn't you?  Or maybe *ate* is the better word."

"No," I said, blushing deeply.  I hurriedly washed my  face.  "You're crazy,
Gina.  You know I'm married."

"But, you did it didn't you?  You ate her.  Don't lie,  I can smell it," she
said.  "Don't worry I won't tell  anyone.  Besides, she's been much nicer -
almost human  lately.  We've been thinking she was getting some  dick.  We never
imagined . . ."

Almost human?  She had no idea who she was dealing  with.  No, Miss Moore wasn't
even close to human.  She  was a demoness, a black demoness, sent to earth to 
enslave and corrupt.  "You girls need to spend less  time gossiping and more
time working.  Starting now."

"And is this why the change in wardrobe?" Gina  continued.  "The rumor was that
you had taken up with  one of the young programmers.  My God, I guess this is 
as good a way as any to get a good appraisal.  I just  never imagined you with a
woman.  A black no less.  I  don't see how you do it - you know, with the smell
and  all."

"Miss Moore smells just fine, thank you and so do I.   Now get to work before I
have write you up," I warned  her.

Gina turned her nose up at me.  As if I was suddenly  beneath her.  The little
bitch.  Evidently, she needed  a reminder of who was the supervisor around here. 
She  turned on her heel and walked out.  I heard her  mumbling under her breath. 
"My God, with a woman . .  . with a *black* woman," as the door closed.

Shit, there was no help for it.  I made up my face  again, and I did my best to
smooth down the nubs of my  nipples that were sticking out from my blouse, but I 
could do nothing about the longing need I saw I my  eyes. I need I prayed would
be satisfied soon.

I returned to work praying Gina would keep her big  mouth shut.

To be continued. . .


***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




Amazon dot cum Ch.6
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. 

(c) 2003 Couture

***********


I'm wasn't sure if Gina was keeping her mouth shut or  not.  No one has said
anything outright, but I swear I  was seeing my employees hiding smiles and
sniggers  just out of sight.

Making matters worse, Ms. Moore called me into her  office many times over the
next few days. I never knew  what to expect and I knew it was beginning to
attract  attention, but I was helpless to refuse her anything.

***********

"How are you doing my pretty pet?" Thandi asked, as I  walked into her office.

"I'm fine ma'am," I answered, even though I was more  uncomfortable that I ever
imagined.  I was standing  there in her office while she walked around me, 
stopping every so often to unbutton, unzip, caress, or  tweak. 

"But, you've been a very bad girl, haven't you?  You  shouldn't have licked me
down there.  Why did you have  to go and lick my sweet pussy?  Didn't you know
that  you were going to make me crave that hot little mouth  of yours?"  Ms.
Moore exposed my breasts and pulled on  my nipples, twisting them at the same
time, even  though they were still tender from before.  "Answer me  bitch.  Was
that your plan all along?  Making me crave  your soft lips and tongue so I'll
take it easy on  you?"

"No ma'am," I gasped.  "It wasn't a - plan.  It just  sort of happened.  I-I
couldn't help myself."  I was  so confused.  She made like it was my doing when
she  had just as much to do with it as I had. 

"You mean to tell me you had no ulterior motive.  You  craved it then?  You
craved it and you had to help  yourself to my black pussy didn't you?"

"I-I-I" I stuttered.  I didn't crave it; I just needed  to wet my lips.  She
didn't understand, and she had  forced me into a corner.  I knew I would be
punished  severely if I said I had an ulterior motive.  That  only left one
option.  "I . . .craved . . . it."

"That's a girl," she said, grabbing my shoulders and  pushing me to my knees. 
Then, she lifted up her skirt  and pulled her panties to the side.  "Okay, but
just a  little taste this time.  A sample of my chocolate  delight."

I knew what she wanted me to do.  This was probably  the tenth time this had
happened today.  It felt like  it was the hundredth.  I closed my eyes and moved 
closer to the moist folds of her sex. "Stop!" she ordered.  "You know you have
to savor it  first.  Who knows when I'll let you do this again?"

If today was any indication, I would be doing this  again in thirty minutes.  I
sniffed loudly inhaling  her musky scent, so she would know that I savored it.

"You like the smell, pussy girl?"

"Yes, Ms. Moore, you smell wonderful."  Her musky  smell wasn't bad, I was used
to it by now, but I  wouldn't characterize it as wonderful.  I kissed her 
chocolate thighs and made my way to her sex, where I  cleaned the moisture from
her dark curly hairs. 

"That's my girl.  Now lick it."

She ran her fingers through my hair while I licked the  folds of her sex and
nibbled her clit.  She was so  wet, it was unbelievable. 

It wasn't long before she pulled my head away. 

"Mmmmm," she said.  "That's should be enough to  satisfy your cravings for now. 
Give it a nice blow  dry and get back to work."

I pursed my lips and blew her sex dry, just as she had  ordered.  She was such a
bitch - God, I hated her.   She smiled as she looked down at me with her
superior  stare, practically cooing as I lavished attention on  her sex.  All
the while, I was miserable locked away,  not even able to even look at my very
own pussy, much  less touch it.  A pussy that was in desperate need of 
attention.  A pussy that was beginning to override all  my inhibitions in its
quest for satisfaction.

And her pussy.  Her dark orchid. So strong, so  mysterious, so powerful. 
Whenever I closed my eyes, I  could see it in front of me, open, wet, and
waiting to  be served.  I no longer knew what was happening with  anything
anymore, not my job, and certainly not my  relationship with my husband. 
Nothing was the same.   I wasn't even the same person I was a week ago.  So 
much had changed.

"That's my good girl," Thandi said.  "Do you think  that will satisfy your
cravings for awhile?"

"Yes, ma'am," I said truthfully.

"Stand up," she said.  "I'll help you get back in  order.  You'd like that,
wouldn't you?"

"Yes, ma'am."  I really didn't like it.  Whenever she  helped me get in order, I
always ended up feeling out  of order.

She resumed walking around me again, inspecting me,  touching me, taking
liberties with me, yet slowly but  surely snapping and buttoning my clothes back
into  place.  Afterwards, she stood in front of me looking  critically.

"You've got my juices all over your face," she said.   "What are you trying to
do, bathe in them?"

"I'm sorry. . ."  God, what was wrong with me?  I had  forgotten to clean my
face.  Lord knows, I didn't want  to walk back in the office with a wet face.

"Let me see what I can do."  Thandi went back to her  desk and returned with a
handful of tissues.  "Close  your eyes."

I did and I was caught be surprise at what she did  next.  She spit in my face! 
I opened my eyes with  disbelief and the vision in my right eye was blocked  by
her saliva.  The bitch!

"I said close your eyes and hold still," she barked. 

It was disgusting, but I must admit it sent a shiver  of pleasure through my sex
that she took such  liberties with me.  She cleaned my face with the  tissue and
then re-applied my make-up.

"Just one final touch," she said, and snuck her  fingers beneath her skirt, then
smeared her musky dew  on my lips.  "There, that should keep your cravings at 
bay."

I was so horny.  It wasn't fair.  I needed it.  I  needed sex. I licked my lips
without thinking.  I  could taste her mixed with the wax of my lipstick.

"I expect more self control out of you than that  little bitch," she said and
repeated the operation,  coating my lips once again.  "This time save it for 
later."

"Yes, ma'am."  Was she right?  Had I really sought out  the taste of her sex? 
No, it couldn't be, it was just  a natural reaction.

"Good," she said.  "Now get the papers together for  the meeting today.  I want
you with me."

My heart raced.  The meeting?  Dear Lord, it was bad  enough being at work,
dressed in this manner, and  sexually frustrated as hell, but, to go to the
meeting  with the directors and even the president of the  company.  It was
terrifying.

"Ma'am?" I asked.

"You heard me," she said.  "Get your stuff together.   You helped me with the
presentation; you earned the  right to be there."

"Yes Miss." My hands shook as I got all the papers  together and made sure the
slideshow was in good  order.  We left for the meeting and my heart was 
pounding so in my throat.  I could smell the scent of  her rising from my lips. 
I wondered if she would get  upset if I cleaned them.  God, I was so nervous, I 
could pee myself.

"Miss Moore," I said.  "I have to go the bathroom."

"I'm not sure this is the best time for you to be  licking my pussy," she
whispered in my ear.

She caught me unawares.  "I'm nervous.  I-I-I have to  go pee."  

"It's a good thing we have plenty of time," she said.

I went to the bathroom, and just as I was cleaning the  steel belt with tissues,
Miss Moore knocked on the  door.  I unlatched it, and she pushed me back down on 
the seat, and hurriedly stepped out of her panties. 

"I'm nervous too," she said, as she lifted her skirt  to her hips, straddled the
commode, and threw her leg  over my shoulder.  "Hurry, please hurry before
someone  comes in."

Dear Lord, she wanted me to do it right there in the  bathroom.  I had no
choice.  I licked her.  It wasn't  like before, when I gave her pleasure, paying 
attention to her every nuance.  No, it was a frantic  race to the finish. 

"Faster-harder-bite it you white slut.  Oh fuck!   Stick your fingers up my
cunt.  Fuck it.  Oh that's  it.  That's it baby.  Oh-oh-here it cums.  Fuck, I'm 
coming!" 

Her hips bucked as she came with frenzied need.  There  was no small talk
afterwards.  She quickly dismounted,  pulled her panties up quickly, and exited
the stall,  closing the door behind her, as if nothing had ever  happened.  I
remained, kneeling and feeling abandoned.

"Hurry up, Tracy, we've got to set up for the  meeting," Thandi called.

I went out, combed my hair and put my face back  together.  A woman came in and
without a second glance  went into one of the stalls.  Luckily, it wasn't the 
one we were been in.  I prayed she wouldn't be able to  smell the scent of sex
that lingered in our wake. 

Thandi touched my hand.  I looked at it and caught her  glance in the mirror. 
She nodded and mouthed a  silent, 'Thanks."

I blushed, not knowing how to take the compliment.

Afterwards, we left the bathroom and hurried to the  conference room.  It was a
good thing I was along,  because as smart as Thandi was about some things, she 
was helpless with projectors and computer stuff.      Needless to say, the
meeting was a success.  Thandi  was brilliant as she gave the pitch on
dismantling my  department.  I was even asked to speak about it. 

It was scary at first.  It felt like every eye was on  me, leering at my body
that was displayed more than  hid by the clothes I wore - clothes that Thandi
picked  out.  I stuttered and stammered and then I looked over  at Thandi with
her innocent grin.  It made me think of  all the things she had done to me.  It
also made me  realize that if I could do the embarrassing things I  had done,
this speaking at the meeting should be a  piece of cake.

As I said, it was a success.  There were some  questions and they said they
needed to talk about it  privately, but it was clear the decision had already 
been made.  My job would be cut.  I was more dependent  on Thandi now than ever. 

I felt so helpless.  Yet, I felt strangely tingly  inside.  I needed relief. 
And she held the key.

************

After the meeting, she took us out to lunch.  She  ordered a grilled chicken
sandwich for herself and a  salad for me. 

"Tracy," she said, between bites.  "You did a good job  today.  I'm proud of
you."

"Thank you ma'am," I said, and hesitated.  "Ah ma'am.   What's going to happen
with my job when the department  is cut?"

"Don't you worry about that girl.  You just  concentrate on keeping me happy,"
she said.  "You  trust me don't you?"

"Yes, Miss Moore."  I truthfully didn't know whether I  could trust her or not. 
I prayed I could. 

"And you want to keep me happy, don't you?"

"Yes, Miss Moore."

"You made me very happy twice today.  Do you remember  what you did?"

I felt my cheeks burn.  I nodded my head.

"Tell me."

Why was she so determined to talk about things that  should be best left unsaid? 
"I licked you ma'am."

She smiled slyly and shook her head.  "No baby, you  worshipped my sweet black
pussy.  There's a  difference.  Now tell me again, this time say it  right."

I couldn't believe how we were talking like this in a  crowded restaurant.  I
couldn't believe it was turning  me on.  "I worshipped y-your s-sweet black
p-pussy  ma'am."

"You're damn right you did."  Thandi shifted in her  seat, and leaned forward. 
"And you may be white and  you may be a woman, but you're a damn fine pussy 
licker.  You positively curled my toenails."

"Thanks."  I think?

She took a finger, dipped it in my salad dressing and  ran it across my lips.  A
shudder ran down my spine.   I couldn't bear to look around to see if anyone
else  in the restaurant was watching us. 

"Lick your lips clean.  Let me see that hot little  pussy licker of yours."

She eyed me hungrily as I licked my lips clean.  Then  we repeated the process.

"You're making me hot," she said.  "And you've also  given me an idea.  There's
a new rule I'm making.  I  want you to watch my face carefully and if you see me 
lick my lips like you just did, then you know what I  want you to do.  Do you
know what that is?"

"Lick my lips?" I asked hopefully, but knowing it  wasn't the case.  I was
horrified, yet I was dripping  and my nipples had hardened into tiny points. 

"One last guess and you better say it right."

I was blushing furiously and shifting in my seat.   "You want me to worship your
sweet black pussy,  ma'am."

"Ding ding ding, the girl gets a prize."

After that, I continued to eat silently, fearing to  look up, and picking
nervously at my food.  I could  feel her eyes boring into me.  It made me
anxious.  I  wondered if she was watching me eat and thinking about  me . . .
eating her.  God, I was so wet.  What was she  doing to me?

"Tracy-girl," Thandi said.

I glanced up.  Oh God, she wouldn't dare!  I hurriedly  looked back down again. 

"Tracy-girl," Thandi repeated.  "Look at me."

I looked up.  Cold sweat ran down my armpits.  She  sensually licked her lips.

"Miss Moore!  Ma'am, we'll get arrested!" I squeaked.

She smiled.  Looking so knowing - so powerful.  "Maybe  you're right Tracy
girl."  She slid her clenched fist  across the table.  "Here take this instead."

Thandi slid her hand back leaving a ball of fabric on  the table.  Her panties! 
I quickly snatched them  before anyone could see.  What would they think of me?

"Smell them," she whispered. 

I shook my head.  I couldn't.  Not there in a crowded  restaurant.  Someone
might see.  Someone might know  me.

"Do it," she insisted.  "Go on.  They'll just think  it's a napkin.  No one will
ever know."

I kept her undergarment clutched tightly in my hand  and held it to my nose.  I
inhaled her musky scent.

Thandi smiled as her nostrils flared and she dropped a  hand down to her lap. 
"That's my good girl - my  pretty white pussy sniffer.  Show me how you worship 
me."

Her aroma was overpowering.  I squeezed my thighs  tightly together, but it did
little good - how I hated  the dreadful chastity belt.

"Taste them bitch."

A few days ago, if anyone spoke to me in such a  fashion, it would have filled
me with rage.  Now, it  sent a thrill a pleasure down my spine and straight to 
my sex.  I stuck out my tongue and tasted the soiled  fabric.  It made me think
of being between her legs.

"Make them disappear," she whispered huskily.

I looked at her closely.  Saw her arm flexing.  She  was insane.  She was
playing with herself right there  in the restaurant and she wanted me to play
her sick  games with her in front of everyone.  Did she know no  depravity?

"Do it little queer.  Make them disappear."

I glanced to each side to make sure no one was  watching and . . . pushed her
panties in my mouth, and  showed her my empty hands.

"Ta-da," she said, as she stood up and picked up the  check.  "Good trick my
little magician, can you taste  me?"

I blushed furiously, and nodded my head.

The waiter came over and asked if Thandi wanted  dessert.  She ordered a piece
of chocolate pie.

"Anything for you Miss?" he asked me.

"The young man asked you a question girl," Thandi  said.


I could feel cold sweat running down from my arms and  between my breasts. 
There was no way to answer with  her panties in my mouth.  I smiled shyly, shook
my  head, and pretended I was chewing. 

"She's having her dessert as we speak," Thandi said,  with a conspiratorial
wink.  "But would like a piece  of pie."

Thandi smiled as she ate her dessert.  Taking her time  while I suffered with
her soiled panties in my mouth.

"Let's go Tracy-girl," Thandi said once she had paid  the check.

I made to spit her panties from my mouth.


"No, leave them there," she told me, pulling my hand  from my mouth.  As we made
our way through the  restaurant, Thandi's hand slid down my back until it  was
resting on my arse.  As we approached the door, I  swear I could feel the heat
from all the stares at my  back.  To my horror, I felt her fingers slipping up 
and down along my crack.  With her panties in my  mouth, I couldn't even tell
her to stop.  And my body  . . . my body didn't want her to stop. 
Involuntarily,  I found myself pushing back against her and spreading  my legs
slightly, aching to feel her touch.  Aching to  feel anyone's touch.

"You are such a slut, pussy girl.  It's a good thing  I've got you locked up,
isn't it?"

Was Thandi right?  Was I a slut?  I reminded myself  that I was married, but the
words seemed empty with  another woman's panties in my mouth and her hand on my 
ass.

***********





If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




Amazon dot cum Ch.7
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. 

(c) 2003 Couture

***********



After we left the restaurant, we didn't go back to  work.  In a way I was
thankful, especially after being  so publicly humiliated in the restaurant.  It
was  clear to me that Thandi had no shame.  None at all.   Why, even as I knelt
in the floorboard of the car,  between Thandi's thighs . . .licking her, she
picked  up her phone and called the office.

I stopped immediately, lest the receptionist hear or  suspect. 

Thandi pushed my face right back and told me to get  back to work.  God, how she
made me hate her.  Then  she spoke to the receptionist as if nothing out of the 
ordinary were happening and said that the two of us  were going to see a
hardware vendor and for the  receptionist to call her on her cell phone if there 
was an emergency. 

When we arrived at Thandi's house, I knew she was  going to push my limits, just
from the look in her  eyes.  And she did, as soon as the door closed.

She took off her thin leather belt and began to whip  my thighs.  "Get those
clothes off slut.  You know I  don't allow animals to go around clothed in my
house."

God, she could be a bitch sometimes.  Who did she  think she was calling me an
animal?  And shit, that  little leather belt hurt and it always seemed to 
strike the most sensitive areas.  I quickly stripped,  while she continued to
walk around me, striking me  with that wicked belt.

"And animals sure as hell don't stand on two legs  acting all high and mighty. 
Get down slut.  Get down  where you belong."

I got down on my hands and knees for the depraved  bitch.  Was this how I was
repaid for going down on  her for helping with her presentation?  I wanted to 
cry.  As a matter of fact I did, but I did my best to  wipe my tears on my
shoulder so she wouldn't see that  she had gotten to me.

Thandi took off her clothes, looped her belt around my  neck fashioning a
makeshift leash, and knelt beside me  while stroking my hair.  "There's my
pretty puppy  girl," she cooed.

Just when I thought she was being nice, was being  human, she stood back up and
pressed her pussy in my  face.  Her scent was strong.  "Now kiss Mommy like a 
good pet."

I kissed her nether lips and licked her from bottom to  top, while she continued
running her fingers through  my hair.  She lowered the key down to her sex, I 
kissed it too.  'Please please please undo this belt.   Let me cum,' I silently
pleaded.

"Does the little puppy want to be let out of her  cage?" Thandi asked.

"Oh yes," I gasped eagerly.  "Please ma'am, please let  me out."

She slapped my breasts with the end of her belt.   "Puppy's don't talk," she
warned.  "Now, does puppy  want to be let out?"

I nodded my head.  I felt so stupid. 

"My pretty pet must like being locked in her cage.  If  she was an excited
puppy, she would wag her tail for  me."

God help me, but I did it, I wagged my bottom like an  animal . . . her pet.  My
face burned in humiliation.

Thandi moved behind me, reached under my hips,  unlocked the chastity belt and
removed it.  A waft of  my musky odor hit me.  I was so ashamed.

"I hate keeping my puppy all locked up, but it is for  her own good.  Smell
that.  The puppy's in heat  alright.  The male dogs would smell that and fill 
puppy's pussy full of sperm, and little puppy babies.   And we don't want that
now do we?"

I shook my head, but I was lying.  If I could have, I  would have fucked anyone
. . . anything.  Thandi's  hands moved over my back, scratching me lightly with 
her nails. 

"Puppy means well . . . but puppy girl is lying,"  Thandi said.  Her hands moved
through my hair and down  to my breasts and over my stomach.  Her crotch pressed 
tightly against my ass, as she spooned behind me.  I  wondered if this was how
lesbians made love.  I  wondered if she would fuck me.  I moved my arse up and 
down against her, to let her know I was ready.

"Oh yes, the little bitch is in heat, isn't she?"  Thandi said, her fingers
traveling to my sex and in  between my sticky and soaked lips. 

I let out a whining moan.  I needed her so bad.

"It almost hurts me to do it, but instead of playing  with puppy I'm going to
have to punish puppy for all  the bad things she's done today."

No-no-no.  I shook my head.  I humped my hips against  her crotch faster.

"Puppy doesn't remember what she did?"

I shook my head.  No, I didn't remember anything.  I  was good.  I helped her
with her speech.  I helped her  with . . . other things.

"Puppy didn't get dressed in time and I promised to  punish," she said, as she
pinched my nipples.   "These."

"And most of all."  Thandi's hands moved down my body,  toward my sex.  I
trembled in her grip.  "I'm going to  have to think of an especially bad
punishment for the  worst crime of all. . ."  Her finger plunged without 
warning into my hot wet welcoming hole.  I pumped my  hips and rotated them in a
circle, all in an attempt  to reach the blinding light of release.  She pulled
it  out before it came, leaving me empty inside.  My tears  dropped to the floor
below.  "You've turned me into a  dirty queer like you and for that I'm going to
have to  make you pay."

My world turned upside down!  Her a queer!  Me?  But I  didn't have time to
ponder what she said.  Thandi  stood up and tugged her makeshift leash.  "Heel 
bitch!"  And began to walk.


***********

She took me to the spare bedroom she had converted to  an exercise room. "I'm
going to take the little doggy  for a little exercise.  Would you like that?"
Thandi  said.

I nodded my head and wagged my arse stupidly, eager to  avoid whatever
punishment she had in store.

"Good," she said.  "Let's get the puppy ready."

I looked back and noticed she held some sort of dildo  in her hand.  I arched my
back and lifted my hips,  making myself available to her. 

"Such an eager bitch," Thandi said. 

I felt her fingers graze my sex and I groaned  desperately.  Her fingers moved
to my entrance, but,  oh, to my dismay they kept going, passing it over.  A 
finger probed at my arse.  I fought against the  volition briefly, but soon
surrendered, desperate for  any form of penetration, even there in my dirty
hole.

"That's a good bitch," Thandi said, her voice thick  with passion.  "Now let's
try something bigger."

The plug was cold and less forgiving than her finger.   And it spread me, Lord,
how it spread me.  I felt so  stuffed and yet, so open. 

"That black plug looks so pretty in your tight white  ass Tracy.  God, you're
turning me on," Thandi said.   "Now, let's get you up on the climber."

She put a block under the pedals to the stair climber  and had me stand on them. 
Next, she secured my hands  behind my back. 

"I do believe I mentioned a punishment, didn't I?"  Thandi smirked. 

I grew more and more scared as she continued with her  plans for me.  First, she
gagged me with a stocking  and a soiled pair of panties.  Then came the worst 
part.  I trembled in fear as she looped a cable over a  pipe crossing her
ceiling.  One end of the cable she  attached to the back of the climber.  From
the other  end hung two clamps.  The clamps were for me - one for  each of my
breasts.

"Oh, yes, I promised a special treat for these big  girls."  She pinched and
teased my nipples trying to  get them erect. 

I thought of my husband sitting on the couch drinking  beer and watching sports. 
I thought about all the  problems at work.  I thought about anything to keep 
from responding to her touch.  But it was useless.  My  nipples betrayed me,
growing hard almost instantly at  her touch.  The clips were unlike any I'd ever
seen  before.  They pinched horribly as Thandi tightened the  screws which
attached them securely to my nipples.

"You're my smart girl Tracy.  I assume you know what  will happen to your pretty
pink nipples if you don't  keep up with the stair climber."  With that, the mean 
bitch smiled wickedly and turned the setting to  expert.

I shook my head and pleaded with my eyes, but she just  laughed, pushed start
and kicked the block out from  beneath the pedals.

I climbed those stairs for all I was worth.  With  every step, I felt the plug
fighting against me,  resisting the tug and pull of my internal muscles.   Not
only did I have to contend with the plug, but  Thandi, as she walked around me
and occasionally  struck my tender flesh with a leather belt, urging me  on.

"Work you lazy slut. Slap! Get that white arse moving.   Slap!  No pain no gain
my little pussy licker."

I toiled.  I gasped.  Sweat rolled down my body in  rivers.  It felt like I
climbed for hours, but it was  only thirty-five minutes.  My thighs burned and I 
watched in horror as the LED display showed that I was  due for a really fast
climb shortly.  Then the  realization struck me . . . I wasn't going to make it.

The stepper sped, but I grew slow.  My legs felt like  lead, and I tried to pick
up the pace, but they  refused, regardless of the consequences.  I felt  nothing
but numbness and burning.  The belt didn't  even sting anymore.  I watched
horrified as I sunk,  the cable grew taunt, and my nipples stretched. 

"peeeez" I begged through my gag, tears mingling with  the sweat down my face.

"Don't worry pussy girl, I don't think I'll mind if  you have stretched nips or
not.  I'm not sure about  your husband though."

I climbed faster.  Momentarily moving back up, but  then sinking again after
only a minute.  "Peeeez!"  I  pleaded.

"Oh is that it.  You want to stretch your tits for  me?" Thandi said.  "I said I
didn't mind, but I don't  know that I'd recommend it.  I think it might hurt."

I was going down.  I wailed in anguish through the  gag.  My nipples were
stretched as the infernal clamps  held fast.  Dear God, I was afraid I was going
to be  permanently maimed, but at the last moment, Thandi  came to my rescue and
unhooked the other end of the  cable. 

She may have saved me, but when my breasts flopped  down, it felt like I'd been
kicked in the chest.   Thandi caught me as I fell, as guided me to the floor.

She undid the gag and freed my arms from behind me.   "Tired?" she asked.

I could only nod my head.

"Let's talk for a minute pussy girl.  You don't mind  do you?  Or would you
rather exercise some more?"

"No, ma'am.  I want to talk."  Lord, I was eager to  talk.  Anything but get on
that fucking stair climber  again.

Ms. Moore picked up a towel and joined me on the  floor, propping herself on an
elbow.

"You've been doing a good job of pleasing me girl.   I'm really happy you
decided not to get fired."  She  said, while wiping the sweat and tears from my
face.   "That's a compliment."

"Thank you ma'am."

"And you've been doing a pretty good job of keeping me  happy," she said.  "And
how do you know when you've  made me particularly happy?"

I wasn't quite sure, it was an instinct by now.  I  could just look at her and
tell.  I could almost hear  it in her voice, but mainly it was . . . "By your 
expression."

"Very good," she said.  "And would you say you make me  particularly happy say
90% of the time?"

Not really.  She only seemed particularly happy when I  was pleasuring her or
when I was debasing myself for  her.  I shook my head.

"80%?"

Again, I shook my head.  I already didn't like where  this was going.

"50%?  25%?  10%?"

I finally nodded my head.

"That's a good girl," Thandi said.  "I think that's  about right. Now, you're my
number one pussy girl, and  my number one pussy girl's job is what?"

"Keeping you happy and satisfied," I answered.

 "So, number one pussy girl, do you think that 10% is  acceptable performance?"

"No, ma'am," I squeaked.  "But, I think maybe I'm  keeping you satisfied around
15% of the time."

"Do you think 15% is enough?"

Her look told me no.

"No, ma'am," I answered.

"And you'd like to do better, wouldn't you, number one  pussy girl?"

"Yes, ma'am."  I was trembling.

"Good girl," she said.  "So I want you to pay  particular close attention to my
expressions and think  about what you should do to please me all the time.  
Like for instance, say I do this."  She licked her  lips with her curled pink
tongue.  "What would you do  to please me?"

My gaze fell instinctively to her crotch.  "I would  lick you," I whispered.

"Look at me bitch," Thandi grabbed my chin and pulled  my head back up to her
fierce gaze.  "Can my pussy  tell you how to please me?"

"No, ma'am."  I withered under her glare.

"Good, now if I do this."  Again she licked her lips  again so close to my face
I could feel the heat  emanate from her.  Even after the stair climber, I  felt
myself growing aroused.  "What would you do to  please me?  And you better say
it right."

"I would - I would worship your s-sweet black pussy,"  I stammered.  Butterflies
flew in my stomach as a  thrill of pleasure overcame me.

"Now, say I was to look down at your titties, what  would you do?"

"Lick your beautiful black breasts?"

"I like the way you are thinking, but no," she said.   "What you should do is
give me a coy smile and undo a  button of your blouse in a teasing way.  And if
I look  pleased and continue to look at your breasts?"

"Another button?"

"That's my smart girl.  And you would keep going too,  You would undo your
buttons and give me a glimpse of  your breasts, even your nipples.  Then you
would play  with them.  Whatever it takes to make me happy."

I trembled inside.   It felt like her eyes were going  to swallow me whole.

"And if I'm watching you walk, how should you walk?"

"I should walk sexy."

"And if I'm looking at your face?"

"Look sexy for you?"

"That's right, that's just the look I'm talking about  . . ." Thandi said,
moving from her side up to her  knees.  "Just like you're doing right now.  I
want to  see pouty lips.  Fluttering eyelashes.  Licking lips.   Oh, shit,
you're making me hot.  What if I look at you  there?" 

She was looking at my sex.  I spread my legs.  I could  feel the wet sticky lips
of my sex open for her.

"Very good."  With that Thandi licked her lips and  straddled my shoulders. 
"What do you want to do now,  Tracy-girl?" asked Thandi.

"Worship your sweet black pussy," I said.  I was  actually getting rather used
to it.  Licking her that  is.  As I leaned forward in an attempt to kiss the 
dark purple lips of Miss Moore's moist sex, she  stopped me with an index finger
to my forehead. 

Thandi removed the finger from my forehead and  inserted it into the wet folds
of her sex.  "Mmmmmm,"  she moaned.  "And it is a sweet pussy, isn't it?"

"Yes," I admitted.  It was a sweet pussy.

Thandi's shiny wet finger moved from her sex to my  lips, where and I couldn't
resist the urge to lick it.   "And you do want to worship it, yes?  Worship my
sweet  black pussy."

"Yeth," I said from around the finger, which was  pulled free from my lips with
a lewd pop. 

"Then beg for it," Thandi demanded.

No, I wouldn't beg her - the bitch.  It was bad enough  that she had blackmailed
me, forced me into this form  of sexual slavery, but I wouldn't-couldn't beg for
it.   I was a human being, not some sex puppy or her pussy  girl.  I was a
married woman, with a husband waiting  for me at home.

Thandi opened the lips of her sex and lowered herself  until they touched my
own.  It was a kiss of sorts,  but when I tried to respond and return the kiss,
she  pulled away. 

"Please," I begged, loathing myself for letting her  break through my defenses
and crumbling my resolve.

"Please what?"  She looked down at me, smiling with a  superior grin.

"Let me - let me worship your sweet black pussy."   There, I said it. 

"Why?" she asked.  Her smile grew even bigger.  She  had trapped me, verbally,
maneuvering me into a  corner.

Such a simple question, but to answer it, I had to  face a truth that I had been
ignoring for some time.   I looked up at her, straddling me, staring smugly down 
at me from between her high-set breasts.  She was  attractive and just being
near her aroused me beyond  belief.  I wondered if I were truly bi-sexual, or if 
this was just a result of not having any sexual  release, yet watching her, no,
giving her sexual  satisfaction time and time again. 

"Because I want to," I answered.  Either way, whether  I was bisexual or just
sexually starved, I still  wanted her.

"I don't think I heard you," she said, lowering her  sex until it was mere
inches from my mouth.

"Because I want to.  I want to worship your sweet  black pussy.  I-I-I think you
are beautiful."  There,  I admitted it.  I hoped she was fucking happy. 

"I knew it," she said knowingly, as she lowered  herself to my face.  "I knew
all along you were going  to be my white little pussy slut  . . .all along."

I ignored her smug comments.  I was in a heaven of  decadent rapture, as I
worshipped at her altar.  She  moaned and hugged my head between her thighs.  It
was  good to feel so needed.  I only had one other wish; I  wished for release
from the aching torment of need  that throbbed through my empty sex.

Thandi said something that I didn't hear.  "Hhhhh?" I  murmured between her
thighs.

"Whatever happens, don't stop."

Stop?  Why on earth would I stop licking?  Then I felt  her fumbling with the
clamp on my left nipple.  It was  numb from a lack of blood flow.  At first
there was a  slight tugging sensation, and then a tingling, which  grew in power
until it was a shooting pain. 

God, my nipples were overcome by a mass of raw  sensation as feeling returned. 
My screams were  muffled by Thandi's cunt.  The rocking of her hips  grew
frantic and she freed my other nipple from the  clamp, causing me to scream all
the harder. 

Thandi's screams drowned my own.  "Fuck-oh-fuck.   Don't stop baby.  Lick me
bitch! Oh yes, I'm drinking  your screams with my pussy.
Oh-oh-oh-fuck-yeah-here-it  comes - oh- oh-I'm cumming," she screamed, as she 
soaked my face in her secretions.

Afterward, I just wanted to lay there, trapped in the  warm embrace of Thandi's
thighs, but it was not to be.   Instead the makeshift leash was put around my
neck and  I was forced to follow her to the bathroom on all  fours.   

Once there, she secured my arms behind my back again  and helped me into the
shower, where she coated me  liberally with cold shower gel and turned on the 
shower.  She bathed me by pressing her soft body  against my own and rubbing
sensually against me.   There we were, face to face, thigh to thigh, breast to 
breast, sex against sex. 

"But you're my whore, aren't you?"  Thandi continued.

"Yes," I gasped.

"Tell me," she demanded.

"I'm your whore."  I felt breathless and overwhelmed.

"My personal pussy licker . . . my white queer."

"Yes . . . yes."  I humped my hips against her, my  pussy against her own.  God,
I was going to finally  cum!  "I'm your pussy licker-your slut- your white 
queer - I'm anything you want me to be." 

Cum-cum-cum-cum, it was a mantra in my mind. 

But it wasn't to be.  She pulled away at the last  instant, robbing me of my
release. 

"Kiss me like you mean it," she said, and then her  mouth was upon me, devouring
me.  Soon, I was  devouring her, suckling her large sensual lips,  dancing my
tongue against her own.  We shared each  other's breathe.  She made love to my
mouth with such  ferocity, I forgot for a moment the aching need in my  sex. 

The feel of Thandi's mouth and of her body sliding  against my own, haunted me
for the rest of the night,  long after I had left her house bound again in that 
hated belt, even after I returned home and had dinner  with my husband.  While
performed oral sex on my  husband and deposited his ejaculation in a container, 
it was Thandi who was on my mind.

Even while I lay in bed awake and unable to sleep, my  thoughts were of the kiss
of the few tender moments.   I knew I was being a fool.  The bitch had forced
me,  blackmailed me . . .she had even tortured me.  My  aching nipples and the
plug that was still buried in  my arse were proof.  She had even made me perform
oral  sex on her while my husband was on the phone . . . and  yet . . . and yet.
. .

To be continued . . .


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.




Amazon dot cum Ch.8
by Couture


(FF, denial, humiliation)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. 

(c) 2003 Couture

***********



I made sure I was at Miss Moore's house early the next  morning, my punishment
from the day before still fresh  on my mind.  She let me in and, without being
told,  quickly stripped off my clothes

Thandi walked around my body, touching me here and  there.  "You're looking
good.  Coming along very  nicely."

I could feel the heat rising to my cheeks and my heart  leapt at her compliment. 
I had been losing weight due  to her imposed regime of diet and exercise.  It
was  good that *someone* had noticed . . . my husband  surely had not.

"Thank you Miss."

"Yes, very nice," Thandi continued, caressing my  nipple between a thumb and
forefinger.  "This calls  for something special to wear."

She led me to the bedroom, picked up the clothes that  were lying on the bed,
and put them back in the  closet.  She returned with a black outfit that was 
positively scandalous.  The heels were an inch taller  than they had been the
day before.  The stockings were  sheer.  The ensemble included another tight
black  skirt, tighter than yesterday's.  A black jacket  covered my blouse, and
it was blouse that really made  me most uncomfortable.  It was a blouse unlike I
had  ever seen before. It was the same sheer material as my  stockings.  It was
tight and squeezed my breasts up  and out.  They looked like the breasts of a
twenty- five year old.  That was the problem at the moment-  the material was
just as translucent as my stockings!   Anyone looking could see every detail
from my nipples  to my breasts.

"You like?" Thandi asked.

I looked in the mirror in disbelief.  The sexy woman  within was alien to me. 
"Yes," I sighed, buttoning  the jacket up to preserve my modesty.  I was still 
showing *a lot* of cleavage, but I was at least  presentable for work.

"Good," Thandi said, coming behind me and wrapping her  arms around me.  "I'm
glad you like it."  She nibbled  at my earlobe, making my knees grow weak.  I
heard it  before I saw it.  Snip-snip.  I tried not to look  down, but I
couldn't resist.  With a pair of scissors,  she was cutting off the buttons to
my coat one by one.

Oh God!  I was wet.  I was gushing.  I grew so  lightheaded I could hardly
stand. 

"I hate buttons, don't you my pet," she asked. Her  tongue delved into my ear.
How I wished she were  licking me somewhere else.

With the buttons gone, she opened my jacket, exposing  my breasts, raising them
up and pushing them in. 

"That's better. . ."

What was she doing to me? 

"Please. . ." The word came out as a whimper.

"Please what?" she taunted.

Why was I so hot?  Did I want this?  Surely I didn't.   No, I couldn't.  What
would everyone think?  "I can't.  . . . Everyone will see. . ."

"See what?"  Thandi teased, while she continued to toy  with my aching nipples.

"My nipples," I gasped.  "My breasts."

"So what," Thandi said.  "You have beautiful breasts  and your nipples
practically beg for attention."  She  rolled my nipples between her forefinger
and thumb to  emphasize her words.

"Please. . ."  I was too aroused to argue. 

"Come on now Tracy-girl," she said.  "Say it for me.   I have beautiful breasts
and my nipples practically  beg for attention."

Oh, she was so frustrating.  Didn't she know what she  was doing to me?  "I have
beautiful breasts and my  nipples prac-ti-ohhhhhh!"  She tweaked my nipples 
hard, breaking my concentration.

"Say it again, until you get it right."

It took five times before I could say it without  messing up, due to her
malicious teasing.

"Come on my little Pussy-girl; let's go to work before  we are late."

I summoned the last of my courage.  "Please Miss  Moore, I'm scared."  How could
she do this to me?   Force me to show my naked breasts in public.

She helped pull me to my feet and hugged me close.   "Who's going to be there
with you today Tracy-girl?"

"You are," I muttered.

"And who will be there to protect you?"

Oh God, but how could she protect me from what was to  come, my mind screamed. 
However, "You will," was what  I answered.

"Good girl.  Let's go."

********

I know what you are thinking.  You probably think  Thandi left me out to dry. 
Well, you would be wrong.   She did protect me . . . in a fashion.

Whenever my coat fell open, my breasts . . . my  nipples rather, were exposed
due to the translucent  top.  Well, I was exposed and someone would stare 
wide-eyed at my display, Thandi would be there to come  to my rescue. 

"What the fuck are you staring at?" she asked a man in  the elevator, who was
practically slobbering on me.

"Nothing. . ." he mumbled. 

"Yeah," Thandi sneered.  "I saw what you were looking  at.  She ought to report
you.  Matter of fact, maybe  I'll report you."

"No-look-I'm sorry," he stammered, blushing at least  as red as I must have
been.

"She's the one you need to be apologizing to," Thandi  said.  "Not me."

"Look Miss," he said, he looked at my nose carefully  avoiding my breasts and my
eyes, his cheeks turning  even redder.  I couldn't help but to glance down at 
his crotch.  His bulge was obvious.  "I'm sorry for  ah-staring."

"Well, Miss," Thandi, said to me.  "Do you accept his  apology?  Or should I
turn the pervert in."

"Yes. . ." I replied.

"Yes, what?" she said.  "You want me to turn him in?"

"Yes - I mean no Miss Moore," I said.  "I don't want  you to turn him in.

"Fucking pervert."  Thandi stopped the elevator at the  next floor.  "Get the
fuck out, before I change my  mind."

He rushed out of the elevator, and it was good to see  someone else under
Thandi's thumb . . . someone other  than myself that is.  The doors closed and
just as the  elevator resumed its ascent, Thandi pressed the stop  button. 
After that, she pushed me against the wall  and kissed me forcefully.  Her hand
traveled into my  coat and found my nipple.  She tweaked it --  *painfully*.

She smothered my cries of anguish with her mouth and  probing tongue.  Her eyes
were smoldering and furious. 

"Don't you ever let me catch you staring at a cock  again without permission or
. . . so help me God!"

"I'm sorry," I begged.  I had no idea what she would  do, and I sure as hell
didn't want to find out.  I  took a chance and kissed her lips.  I even suckled
at  her full lower lip.  "I'm sorry. . .  I'm sorry."  I  looked in her eyes and
watched her anger fade.  Her  tongue searched for mine.  I met it and we danced 
together.

"Whose pleasure do you exist for?" Thandi asked.

"Yours."

"And how will you know to please me?"

"By watching you."

"That's right bitch, not cocks, *me*."  She grabbed my  hand and pulled it up
her dress to her crotch.  "And  who do you belong to?"

"You," I sighed.  I slid my finger in her panties and  found her wet slit.  I
circled her clit and then  thrust my digit into her tight tunnel. 

"That's right bitch.  You're my girl.  My sexy white  pussy girl."  She pulled
my hand from her crotch and  started the elevator back up.  Her eyes were still 
smoldering as she stared at me and glanced down at my  wet sticky hand.  I held
her gaze as I cleaned them of  her sweet musky essence.

"Good girl," she purred.  "Besides, when I want you to  stare at a cock, it will
be to suck it.  And you'll  know to suck it because I will tell you to suck it.  
Do you understand?"

"Yes, ma'am."  Was she serious?  It was one thing to  do it with her, but it
would be quite another to do it  with another man.  Besides my husband, I mean. 

"You'll be my little chicken head girl if I ask, won't  you?  My little chicken
head cock sucker."

I blushed furiously.  For the woman who had me in her  thrall-nothing was too
depraved.  "Yes, Miss Moore," I  breathed.  I couldn't bring myself to meet her
eyes. 

"Say it," she demanded.

Oh God!  I glanced up.  We were almost at our floor.   "I'll do it ma'am.  I'll
suck whomever you tell me to  suck.    I'll be your . . ."  My cunt was running
like  a faucet.  Fuck me fuck me, it screamed.  My nipples  were so hard they
hurt.  God, how I wanted her!  I  wanted her more than anything I ever wanted
before.   "I'll be your chicken head cock sucker girl.  I'll be  whatever you
want me to be."

I fought to keep my body under control but it was  consumed by a warm infusion
of pure pleasure.  It  wasn't an orgasm, but it was a close substitute.  I 
craved more, and yet at the same time it scared me  half to death when I
realized what the feeling was.   It was my complete and utter submission. 


Thandi grinned.  Enjoying my discomfort.   Did she  suspect?

"That's my girl."  Her hand grabbed my ass  possessively.  "But if you do it,
you'll do it for my  pleasure, not yours, and certainly not his.  And how  will
you know it's my pleasure," she asked.

The doors slid open.  It was our floor. 

"I'll know," I assured her.  I would know all right.   I could recognize her
pleasure easily by her wicked  smirking smile and her dark flashing eyes.  I
could  even her it in her voice. 

*******

I was by myself most of the morning.  Well, not by  myself, but without Thandi,
so I just did my best to  ignore the looks everyone gave me.  I even tried to 
ignore the men trying to catch a glimpse of my  breasts, which were barely
covered by my jacket.  I  kept my head down and refused to meet their leering 
eyes.  I slid around on my chair trying to get  comfortable.  God, I was hot.  I
wished Thandi were  there.  She would know just what to do. 

It was over an hour before Thandi called me to her  office.

"Hang your jacket up," she said. 

"Yes, ma'am."  I took off my coat and hung it up,  standing before her with my
nipples growing even  harder due to her cold office. 

"So chicken head, you been looking at any more cocks?"  she asked.

"No ma'am."  I couldn't help but to blush.

Thandi stood up and walked over to me.  She looked at  me slightly
disapprovingly, and then she looked at the  ground and smiled.  I knelt down in
front of her,  hoping that it was what she wanted.

"Good girl, cause I got something you can look at all  you want," Thandi said. 
"And do you know what that is  my little chicken?"

"Your vagina?"

"My pussy, bitch," she said.  "Now say it right or  we'll have a little session
right now."

"Your pussy, Miss."

"Then why the hell aren't you pleasing it?"

I could tell by her voice that she was growing  frustrated with me.  Moreover,
one thing for sure,  that was the last thing I wanted to happen.  I  hurriedly
raised the hem of her skirt up and clutched  the band of her panties.

"Use your teeth," she said.

I bit the band with my teeth, careful not to nip her  in the process and pulled
her panties down to her  feet.  I made to kneel there, my face pressed to the 
carpet, while she took her time stepping out of her  panties.  As she did so,
she placed her foot on top of  my head, trapping me against the floor.

"What do you want to do now little hen?"

I should have been angry and mortified.  Instead, I  was tremendously aroused. 
My submission was growing  easier and easier.  I was starting to crave it and it 
scared me.

"I want to worship your sweet black pussy, Miss."

"I know you do baby, I know you do," Thandi sighed, as  she removed her foot
from my head.  "Now, sit back up  and hold my skirt up.  That's my girl.  Now, I
want  you to kiss it.  Kiss my black pussy and show me how  much you love it. 
Show me how much you want to please  me."

I moved in close to her sex until her pubes tickled my  nose.  I inhaled her
musky scent.  The scent was  heavenly, and to think, I was the cause.  I kissed
her  labia lightly.  Thandi sighed and leaned back against  the chair for
support.  Closing my eyes, I opened my  mouth as far as it would go and engulfed
her beautiful  black pussy.  I wanted to kiss it, I wanted to worship  it, and I
wanted her whole womanhood inside my lips.

"Oh God . . . oh fuck," Thandi moaned.  "Goddamn  you're a greedy little pussy
girl."

Her hips bucked and her thighs clenched as she came.   And then . . . and then
she was pushing me away.   I  tried to kiss her again, but she kept my head in
her  hands and tilted my chin up so that I was looking at  her.

"You were made to give pleasure, did you know that  Tracy-girl?" she said, and I
felt my cheeks growing  warm with her compliment.

"No ma'am," I answered.

"Oh you were," she said.  "Your tongue and fingers are  like silk.  I can see
why your husband only lasted a  minute with you.  However, that is going to be a 
serious problem for what I want you to do today."

"What do you want me to do?" I asked, as a shiver of  fear and desire licked
down my spine.

Her finger delved between the lips of her sex and then  disappeared in her dark
wet sex.  When she brought it  back out it was shiny wet with her desire.  She 
brought it to my lips. "I want you to suck a cock."

   Oh God!  It was one thing to give Thandi pleasure.  I  mean, because she was
a woman, it didn't really count  as cheating, but a man.  A man.  I was pretty
sure it  would be considered cheating, even if I only gave him  a blowjob.  But
God, dear God, I would do it if she  asked.  I shivered thinking about it.  In
answer, I  took her finger in my mouth and sucked it, bobbing my  head up and
down as I cleaned it.

"But none of that chicken head shit," she said.  "Your  job is teasing, not
pleasing.  You think you can  handle that?"  She pulled her digit free and
fingered  herself again.  She held it back to my lips.  "Just  lick it."

I did as she asked.  God it was so hard.  I didn't  want her finger fucking me,
I wanted her to be fucking  me- with something big and hard and able to make me 
cum!  

"Good girl.  Now I want you to take it all the way in  your mouth, but just hold
it there, don't suck it.   That's my girl.  You're going to make a good little 
teaser, but listen to me very good.  Listen to me real  goddamn good." 

Thandi grabbed my by my large hoop earrings and  stooped over me, getting right
in my face.  "We're  going to go visit someone very important.  You had  better
mind me, and you had better behave, or I'll be  on you like stink on shit.  Do
you understand me?"

"Yes ma'am."  God, I had never seen her so forceful.   It astounded me.  I also
needed to pee --bad.

"Nobody and I mean *nobody* comes unless I say," she  demanded.  "You got me."

"Yes ma'am.  I promise ma'am."

"Good girl," Thandi said, and sealed it with a kiss.   Then her demeanor changed
and she was friendly again.   "Now let's get your face back together.  Go fetch
my  pocketbook, will you?"

***********

A few minutes later, I was dressed and made up.  The  lipstick was a little
heavy.  "I want anyone who sees  these lips to want to feel them," Thandi had
said.  I  could only imagine the thoughts going through my co- workers minds as
I walked to the elevator with Thandi.

"Remember to tease until I say, take care of business.   Understand?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Then say it."

I hated it when she treated me like an idiot.  "Tease  ma'am, until you say to
take care of business."

"Good girl," Thandi said, her hand patted my ass  lightly and then she held open
the door.

Dear Lord, we were here already.  My knees grew weak  and it too all my
concentration to keep from falling  in my too-high heels.  Why did I agree to
this?  What  was wrong with me?  And who would it be?  A janitor  with a mammoth
cock?  Some young boy from the  mailroom?  How would I be able to look my
husband in  the eye?

"Remember what I said.  And take off your coat before  you sit.  And when I say,
'next', you move to the  next," Thandi said in a hushed tone as I passed her.

I could barely hear what she said.  I mean really, I  just stood there dumbly in
the doorway of the  conference room.  I had good reason too.  There was no 
janitor in the conference room.  There was no mail boy  either.  No, instead it
was full of people's names  that all started with C.  As in CEO, CIO etc. 

God!  I couldn't think!  Thandi pushed me toward a  chair and I just let her
lead me, numbly stumbling to  my demise.

"Well, here's the reason I called you in today  gentlemen," Thandi said, then
turned to me.  "Go on  Tracy, take off your coat, and show them your blouse."

Oh dear God, no!  What was she thinking?  She was  going to get us both fired.

My cheeks were burning hot as I blushed.  The moment I  slid my jacket from my
shoulders there was an  collective intake of breath.  Then the formerly noisy 
conference room was dead silent.  

I dared not look.  After hanging my jacket on the back  of the chair, I sat
down, my legs crossed, my arms  demurely at my sides, my eyes cast down staring 
fixedly at the grain of the wood tabletop. 

"I know exactly what you are thinking gentlemen,"  Thandi said.  "I was thinking
the same thing myself  when I first saw Tracy's blouse this morning.  I was 
going to send her home, but then, to cover myself, I  read the dress code before
I did.  I must say it came  as a surprise when I read that bras aren't mandatory 
and nowhere in the code did it specify for the opacity  of the employee's
clothing.  And then Tracy told me it  was all the style in Paris this year,
isn't that right  Tracy."

I had said no such thing.  She was making me out to be  some sort of slut, and I
just sat there and let her.   "Yes, ma'am," I answered.  "Ahm-all the uh-models
are  wearing them."

"So gentlemen," Thandi said.  "Should she go home and  change, or is this
acceptable company attire?"

As one, the men all glanced at one another, smirked,  and then looked back at my
breasts. 

"I don't have a problem with them, I mean it," said  Mr. Johnson.  "What about
you George."

"Not me," he said.  "I'm all for keeping up with the  new styles.  How about you
Ralph?"

"Well, I don't know," began Mr. Slate.

"Shut up Ralph," Mr. Johnson said.

"Great," said Thandi.  "I just wanted to check to make  sure it was appropriate. 
Being so new in my position,  I wasn't quite sure on the company policy of such 
things."

"No, you did quite all right bringing this to our  attention," Mr. Johnson said. 
"And don't hesitate to  bring any other occurrences like this to my  attention."

"Certainly," Thandi said.  "And while I'm here . . . I  was wondering if this
would be a good time to talk  about a raise and perhaps to discuss Tracy's
future  with the company."

"I've um got a meeting in a few minutes," said Mr.  Slate.

Thandi looked at me with feral gleam in her eye.   "Tracy," she said.  "Mr.
Slate looks a little out of  sorts.  Maybe you could help him feel a bit
better."   She took her pen and put it between her pursed lips. 

My insides twisted and my body buzzed with nervous  energy.  'This is not me,
this is not me,' I told  myself.  I'm a systems analyst.  The head Systems 
analyst.  I'm married-married-married.  I have a no  good husband who builds
towers of beer cans while I'm  at work.  I have a cruel boss that has enslaved
me and  is going to use me to get a raise.  Oh, this is not me  at all. 

But even as I slipped out of the chair and onto my  knees, I could feel my pussy
gushing.  God, how it  craved what I was going to do.  A familiar sexual rush 
flooded my body again.  God, what was wrong with me?   Why was I feeling this
way with every growing  submission and humiliation?  I crawled beneath the 
conference table on my hands and knees.  I crawled to  the chair of Ralph Slate,
one of the biggest geeks in  the company.  I maneuvered myself between his legs
and  pulled down his zipper.  His cock was already hard.   

No, this was not me at all.  This was Miss Moore's  pet, her pussy girl, her
chicken head cocksucker.  I  opened my mouth and took Ralph's cock in.  This was 
it, no matter what the definition; I was officially  cheating on my husband. 

I bobbed up and down.  I licked him along his shaft.   I teased the slit with my
tongue.  There in the  cramped confines beneath the table, surrounded by  legs,
I felt safe.  Maybe I associated it with being  back in the womb.  I forgot
about everything but the  cock in my mouth.  And until she nudged me with the 
pointed tip of her shoe, I even forgot about Thandi's  warning.  No coming, just
teasing. 

"Well, Mr. Slate seems to concur."  I heard Thandi  saying.  "What about you Mr.
Jones?"

"I'm not so convinced," he said. 

Thandi nudged me with her shoe again, pushing me  toward where Mr. Jones was
sitting.  I left Ralph and  hurried between Mr. Jones's legs.  In seconds, I had 
his cock buried in my mouth.  Even as I did so, I  reached over and undid the
next zipper, freeing the  next cock in line.  Slurping, bobbing, gobbling, I did 
my duty.  I was Thandi's chicken head girl.

Thandi's foot nudged me on.  Even as I went down on  the next cock, her foot
persisted, spreading my legs  and moving up my thigh.  I only caught snatches of 
conversation.  "Thandi, you have pleased me...your  bonus is approved...and you
have the promotion . . .  but for Christ's sake, let her finish me off."

"But what about Tracy?  As you can see, she is my best  employee.  I want her
with me."

Tears fell from my eyes and melted into Mr. Jones's  crotch.  Thandi wanted me. 
She was taking me with  her. I felt her high heel exploring between the cheeks 
of my bottom. 

"I want her to have a new title, Personal Executive  Trainee.  And a raise as
well . . . say 7%?" Thandi  said.

I spread my legs, arched my back, and pushed back  against Thandi's heel,
pushing the hard implement into  my asshole.  It was not lubricated, and hurt
like  hell, rasping into me, but oh, how I wanted it! I  pushed back again and
it was all the way inside of me.   Inside my ass, a place my own husband had
never been.

I tongued the slit of Mr. Jones' cock.  I could taste  his salty precut. 
"Fisheen peeshent." I said with my  lips still around his cock.

"What?" he gasped.

"Fissheen peshent," I repeated.

"Ugh, fuck. . ." he grunted.  "Nine percent."

"Shmelve," I countered.

"Ten percent raise.  Personal Executive Trainee or  whatever the hell else. 
Gah. . . fuck, just finish me  off goddamnit."

I sucked him all the way down.  His cock buried in my  throat.  Up and down. 
Faster and faster.  He gave a  loud moan and his hips lifted off the chair.  I
sucked  hard, squeezing his balls, and sneaked an index finger  in his asshole. 

His tight ass clenched at my finger with every spurt  of his cock. I sucked
greedily, swallowing all his  come.  I'm not sure if it was because of all the 
teasing, but the quantity of his discharge was  amazing.  It was all I could do
to keep it all in my  mouth. 

I did the same thing for every man at the table.   The  whole time my pussy
tingled, begging for attention  beneath the steel confines of the chastity belt. 

When I finally crawled out from under that table, only  Thandi remained sitting
upright and smiling primly.   Everyone else had slumped down in his chair,
collars  and ties loosened a dazed and vacant look in their  eyes. 

There was cum on my face and in my hair.  Not only had  I cheated on my husband. 
I had turned into a whore.   Worse, I wanted nothing more than to coax every
cock  back to life and fuck them until they went soft again. 

I knelt there patiently, while Thandi dabbed at the  cum on my face with a
tissue.  I've finally hit rock  bottom, I thought.  But little did I know what
was to  come.

To be continued . . .


If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.

************




Amazon dot cum Ch.9
by Couture
email: couture_writes@hotmail.com

(FF, denial, humiliation)

Please do not read if under 18 years of age or  offended by sexually explicit
stories and situations. 

(c) 2004 Couture

***********

Back at her office behind closed and locked doors,  Thandi was livid. 

"You bitch!  You fucking ungrateful whore," she  stormed.

I trembled in fear, wondering what she would do to me,  but most of all,
wondering . . .  "What did I do wrong  ma'am?" I squeaked.

She grabbed me by the ear and pulled me so close my  chin touched hers.  "Job
number one Tracy - what is  it?"

"Pleasing you ma'am," I answered automatically.

"Better . . ." she said, letting my ear go and  stepping back.  "Let's try this
again."  She looked me  up and down, but her eyes were narrowed, like lasers 
they cut into my soul.

Sometimes it was so hard to read her expression, how  was I to know what she
wanted at all times without her  telling me?  But knowing Thandi, it was a good
bet  that it had something to do with sex.  I bit my lower  lip and took a
chance. 

I began to strip.

Her hard expression softened just a bit and there was  a lull in the storm that
roared behind her eyes.  She  glanced down at her sex.  I dropped to my knees
and  shuffled forward, oblivious to the rough carpet  digging into my flesh.

Thandi sneered, placed her foot on my shoulder and  kept me away.

"Please ma'am," I begged.

"Please what, pussy girl?" she asked.  "What is it  that you want?"

"Your pussy Miss Moore," I said, my voice husky with  sexual desire.  "I want to
worship your sweet black  pussy."

Thandi leaned further back against her desk and she  placed her other foot
against my right shoulder.  Her  hips rocked from side to side as she slid her
skirt  up, exposing her small sexy panties.

"This pussy?" she teased.  Not only was she teasing  me, she teased herself, her
manicured fingernail  traveled up and down her slit.

I tried to push forward, but she held me back digging  her heels into my
shoulders. 

"Yes Miss. . . please. . ." I gasped.

"Oh I don't think so little-miss-thang," she said, as  she pulled the gusset of
her panties to the side,  exposing her swollen ripe fruit.  "This pussy feels a 
little neglected.  All you seem think about are cocks  and fifteen percent
raises."

"I'm sorry Miss Moore."  I kissed her feet.  I licked  the dirt from her heels
in submission.  "I won't - I  won't let it happen again."

"Bitch, you better not let it happen again," Thandi  sneered.  "When I give you
an order, you better follow  it goddamnit. . . instead of adlibbing an extra
raise  for yourself.  But I'm not the one you need to make it  up to." 

Miss Moore pointed down to her damp sex.  "Now  apologize to pussy."  She spread
her lips between her  fingers, baring her wet inner recesses to my gaze.   "You
are my pussy's girl, aren't you?"

"Yes ma'am," I said without hesitation.  It felt  strange looking directly at
Thandi's sex after being  forced to look her in the eyes so many times.  "I'm 
sorry," I said.  "Please forgive me."

Thandi still held me away from her.  "I'm sorry  pussy," she corrected. 

I could feel my cheeks warming.  It never failed for  Miss Moore to make me
blush like a schoolgirl.  I  couldn't believe she had me on my knees begging fro 
forgiveness from a sexual organ.  Worse, I couldn't  believe the feeling of lust
that overtook me as I did  so.  "I'm sorry p-pussy.  Please forgive me.  I
won't- I won't let it happen again."

Thandi let me move closer this time, but stopped me  just shy of three inches. 
I could smell her humid  lushness.  I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue 
as far as I could reach, yet it wasn't enough.

"I forgive you pet, but *she* still isn't happy with  you," Thandi said. 
"Perhaps you can think of  something that would excite her.  Something you could 
do to prove your worth."

I could only think of three things that excited Miss  Moore, and the first one
didn't count because I  couldn't touch her.  That only left two other choices, 
my humiliation, or my pain.  I would have accepted  either, but I didn't have
the creative mind to come up  with the humiliating ideas that Thandi always had
on  hand.  That really only left one final option, and  even that would be
difficult since we were at work.

I locked my hands behind my neck.  Thandi's gaze  penetrated me, boring into my
innermost hidden  thoughts.  Dear God, could I go through with this?

"Miss Moore, would you . . ."  I was trembling.   Goosebumps covered my naked
body.  I took another deep  breath to find my voice.  "Would you punish my
breasts  please?  Do you think that would make pussy forgive  me?"  My
submission had summoned my aching need from  deep inside my sex.  My nipples
were so hard they  already ached.  I wondered if I would be able to  manage.

A low rumble sounded in Thandi's throat as she purred  in ecstasy.  "Yes, I
think that will do nicely,"  Thandi said, her hands roaming my full breasts as
she  contemplated what she would do to them. 

She slipped her panties down her legs and held them to  my mouth.  "Open up
pet."

She took her time putting them in my mouth, making  sure that her soiled crotch
rested against my tongue.   "Okay close," she said, and I closed my mouth.  
"That's a good girl.  Now, you can taste my pussy and  it can remind you of why
we have to do this.  It will  also keep you quiet, and you do understand that we 
have to be very quiet, don't you pet?"

With her panties in my mouth I could do little more  than nod my head.

"If it gets too much for you and you need me to stop,  then let the panties
drop, okay?"

I nodded again.

"But I will be very disappointed . . . and most  importantly. . .pussy will be
disappointed," she  warned.

I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, to prepare  myself, as she took my
nipples between her fingers.

"Open your eyes, slut," she commanded.  "Look at me  this time and not at my
pussy."

I did as she bid.  My body trembled either from fear  or submission, it was
impossible to tell.  Her face  was just inches from my own; her eyes bore into
my  soul.

"Here we go.  Nice and slow . . ."  She massaged my  nipples between her
fingers.  Then she stopped and  flicked the hard nubs up and down with her 
fingernails.  There was no pain, only exquisite  pleasure.  I was melting like
putty in her hands.

Then she grew rougher.  Pinching and twisting them  harshly before going back to
delicate caresses.  I  sucked at the crotch of her panties imagining she was  in
them.

Ouch!  Fuck!  I tried to squirm away as she pulled and  twisted my sensitive
breasts. 

"Stop-stop-hold still," she calmly ordered.  "Good  girl.  Now open your eyes
and look at me, cunt.  I  want you right here and now, not in your little 
daydreams."

Then she resumed her mauling of my delicate breasts.   It wasn't sensuous
anymore.  It was painful.  But even  so, I could feel an echo of pleasure shoot
through my  long denied sex with every painful caress.

"Now I don't want a dumb cunt," Thandi continued.  "I  want you thinking and
sharp.  And if you get any smart  ideas then you better ask yourself one
question before  you proceed:  Am I doing this for Thandi and her  beautiful
black pussy, or am I being a selfish  goddamned bitch?"

The pain grew more than I could bear.  I feared she  would do permanent damage
to my tender nipples.  Of  their own volition, my hands left my back and rush to 
protect my defenseless flesh.

"Get those hands back," Thandi spat.  "I said get them  back."

I was crying in pure helplessness and somehow willed  my hands behind my back. 

"Good girl."  Miss Moore's voice grew softer and so  did her touch.  "No more
selfish bitch anymore,  right?"

I nodded my head.  No more selfish bitch.  Never.

"And you'll think of me and pussy, and only of  pleasing us?"

The question was rhetorical, but I nodded my head  anyway.  Oh how I nodded.  At
that moment, she was my  whole world. 

The panties were pulled from my mouth.  They were  replaced by her full sensual
lips.  Oh God, she was  kissing me!  Her hungry mouth devoured my own. 

"Je-sus," Thandi moaned.  "I need you bitch.  I'm on  fucking fire."

She grabbed my head and pushed my into her sex.  Her  cunt was soaked in her
sweet nectar, which I drank  hungrily from her fountain like fine wine. 

The pleasure I gave her wasn't my usual sweet  submissive caresses.  It was
rough animal sex.  I'm  not sure what possessed me.  Maybe I had become so in 
tuned with Thandi that I knew instinctively what she  needed, and somehow I knew
that this was what she  needed.  She trapped my head between her tightly  closed
thighs and held on for dear life while I licked  her through a series of
orgasms.

I came up for air when I was finally released.  Thandi  was still in a daze, her
athletic legs spread wide,  one of her breasts was exposed, and the panties that 
had formerly gagged me, were now in her own mouth to  silence her own cries.

It didn't take her long to come to, upon which she  immediately started putting
herself back together.

"We can't do it like this anymore," she said  worriedly.  "Come on girl, get
yourself back together.   That was much too loud and we've been here behind 
closed doors for entirely too long."

We worked efficiently, dressing, and then making sure  each other's makeup was
in place.  Once we were ready,  we stood there at the door in each other's arms.  
Thandi traced the line where my steel chastity belt  met my skin.  God, how I
wanted her to touch me and to  feel her on my sex.

"Please. . ." I begged.

"Soon my love," she said.  "Perhaps tonight.  I have  something very special
planned."

Oh how my sex ached, how it yearned to be touched.  It  was no secret. . .I
wanted her.  I wanted her to touch  me.

"I'll call my husband and tell him I'll be late."   There it was out.  I had
admitted that I would cheat  on my husband of my own volition.

She put her finger to my lips.  "Hush.  You'll do no  such thing.   Besides, I
said special.  I didn't say  how special.  Now hurry back to your desk my little 
pussy girl.  Hurry before someone gets suspicious."

I left quickly.  And needless to say there was a  spring to my step and a saucy
swish to my hips that  had been missing for quite sometime.  I knew I should  be
horrified.  I mean I was married for Christ sakes,  but my mind kept going back
to that moment and playing  it over and over again.  No, not the oral sex I had 
given her.  Nor, the punishment of my breasts.  Except  for a little soreness,
that was already fading.  What  I kept imagining was the kiss.  She had kissed
me.   And yes, she had kissed me before sex, but even so-  even so, I couldn't
help but wonder if she had  feelings for me.  And I couldn't help but to wonder 
about my feelings for her.  I mean, I should hate her  for all she had done to
me.  For turning me life  upside down, for treating me like a second class human 
being, some sort of sexual slave.  By all rights I  should hate her guts.  Only
. . . I didn't hate her.

I was so wrapped up in my thoughts that I wasn't aware  of the stares from the
people in the office.  It  wasn't until I got back to my desk that I became
aware  of them looking at me out of the corner of their eyes  - their amused
looks and sniggers.  I worried that I  had forgotten something.  That somehow
they had  surmised what was going on in Miss Moore's office. 

But, that wasn't the case at all.  When I got back to  my cube, I knew the
reason for their smug stares.  My  nameplate on the front of my cube was gone.   
Replacing it was one that looked just like it only the  text was different. 
Yes, someone had taken quite a  bit of time and effort to play a joke at my
expense.

Tracy Langston - Ass Kisser 

People could be so cruel sometimes.  I took hold of  the offending placard and
tugged, yet it was stuck  fast.  I could feel the tears coming, so I braced 
myself and tugged even harder.  With a rip, it finally  came free.  The bitches
had taped it up there with  double sided tape. 

Cowardly bitches.  Cowardly backstabbing bitches.  I  repeated this over and
over again as I walked  purposefully back to Thandi's office.  On the way  back,
I refused to look around.  Refused to let them  see me . . .  Fucking traitorous
whores.  I hated  them.  I hated them all.  No, they wouldn't see me  cry. I
refused to give them the satisfaction.

I finally made it back to Thandi's office and closed  the door behind me.  I was
just in time, because when  the tears started, there was no stopping them. 
Soon,  I was bawling helplessly in Miss Moore's arms.

It took a bit, but Thandi was finally able to get me  calmed down and the truth
out of me. 

"So, who's it gonna be?" she asked.

I had no idea what she was talking about and told her  so.

"You can't let people walk over you like that," she  said.  "You are *my* girl. 
When I ask you to tell  people to do something, I expect it done.  So you need 
to command respect. . .you can't let this slide.  I  won't let it slide."

"But I don't know who did it," I explained.  "And no  one is going to own up to
it."

"I didn't ask you who did it," Thandi said.  "I asked  you to pick someone.  You
have three seconds to make a  choice.  One-two-"

"Gina."  I just blurted it out, but I instantly  regretted it.   We were never
*really* close, but of  my employees, I was probably closer to her than  anyone. 
But, she did know about Thandi and me, or at  the very least, she suspected. 

Thandi handed me a tissue to dry my tears.  "Listen  pet, you have fifteen
minutes to go out there and fire  Gina.  If she leaves in fifteen minutes, I'll 
authorize separation pay.  If not, she's out of here  with nothing but the 'ass
kissing' incident on her  record.

"But-but," I sputtered.  I certainly never meant for  Gina to be fired. 
Reprimanded maybe. . .

"The fifteen minutes starts now."

What was I going to do?  I couldn't just fire someone.   Not on such short
notice.  There were rules -  procedures.

Thandi pointed to the corner.  "I just happen to have  a box over there in the
corner."

I went over and picked it up.  It had been my box.   The box that I could have
put my pictures and  knickknacks in and walked out the door back when all  this
began.  Instead, I filled it with my self respect  and submission, and gave it
back to Thandi.  Became  her *pussy girl*.  Now, it was Gina's box.

"Head high, shoulders back," Thandi encouraged.  "I  want to see you strut out
there.  I want to see you do  it with authority."

"Yes, ma'am," I murmured.  I certainly didn't feel  authoritative.  I felt like
a traitor.  I felt like  what my employees said I was . . . an ass kisser.

"You can do better than that," Thandi said, her eyes  narrowing.  She came up to
me and took the box from my  hands and tossed it down to the floor.  "You better
do  better than that.  You are a bad bitch.  Come on . . .  say it.

"I am a . . . I am a bad bitch."  I said it, but I  felt as scared as ever. 
But, I could her it in  Thandi's voice that she really was bad - a bad bitch.  
If I only had her strength.

"Do I need to work on those titties some more?" Thandi  asked.  "I can you know. 
Now say it again.  With some  fucking feeling."

The memory of my earlier torment was still fresh in my  mind.  No way could I
let that happen again.  Not this  soon at least.

"I am a bad bitch," I said, and amazingly enough, I  did feel stronger.  "*I* am
a *bad* bitch." I repeated  with conviction.

"That's right," Thandi moved close and put her arms  around me.  Her hands
traveled from the small of my  back down to my thighs where they met the tops of
my  stockings, traveled up along my garters to my bottom.   She squeezed my firm
arse possessively, even going so  far as to stray her fingertips to my arsehole
and  tease it.  "But don't you forget that you are *my* bad  bitch," she said. 
"And I'm the baddest fucking bitch  of all.  Now get your sweet arse out there
and send  that bitch packing to teach them all a fucking  lesson."

I reached down and snatched up the box.  When I left  Thandi's office, I was
strutting.  I was going to  teach Gina a lesson . . . I was going to teach them 
all a lesson.  And as I walked with that box straight  to Gina's desk, I could
feel every eye on me.  And in  the outfit I was wearing, who could blame them. 
With  my high heels, tight skirt, and breasts constantly  risking exposure from
my jacket, I was a walking sex  advertisement.

I put the box down on Gina's desk.  "Gina, I'm going  to have to ask you to pack
your stuff."

"But but Tracy," she stuttered, her chin began to  tremble.  "I didn't do it, I
swear."

She probably didn't do it.  I felt sorry for her in a  way.  But I had committed
to my course.   And besides,  I couldn't let Thandi down.  "Gina," I said
firmly.   "You don't have a choice.  Pack your things quietly  and leave, and
you'll be given a severance package  with your resignation.  Otherwise the 'ass
kisser'  comment is going on your record along with a  dismissal." 

"Please. . ." Gina was openly crying now.  "I didn't  do it.  I swear.  You
can't fire me for something I  didn't do."

"Look around Gina," I said.  "Do you really think that  someone is going to come
forward and take your place?   It'll never happen.  Not in this job market."

"Please. . ." She gave one final straggling plea.   Begging for her job.  But
she had taken the box in  resignation. 

"Do it Gina," I said firmly.  "There really is no  other choice."

Gina wiped at her tears and started to pack.  Me?  I  felt like dirt from the
guilt.  Not so much from her  firing.  I had no choice in that.  But, instead of 
feeling sorry for her, I felt strangely powerful.  I  felt it in my deep in my
cunt.  Doing this to her,  Dear God, it was making me hot.  It was turning me
on.

When it was over and I went back to Miss Moore's  office, I noticed something. 
No one would look at me  anymore.  The smug stares were gone.  They were afraid 
of me.  Literally afraid to be caught looking at me.

"She took the severance," I told Thandi.

"I know," Thandi said.  "And I know something else  Pet.  You liked it.  It made
you hot, didn't it?   Admit it."

God, how she could see right through me.  "Yes. . ." I  admitted.

"Good girl," she said.  "Tonight we will celebrate our  success.  But for now, I
want to give you your little  pussy.  You've earned it well enough.  All you
have to  do is one little thing for me."

"What is it, ma'am?" My heart was beating a thousand  miles a minute.  If she
was talking about one of the  charms, the golden cats that I wore around my
wrist,  then it would be the last one.  I only had to earn  this one last golden
pussy, and I would finally be let  out of the chastity belt that was locked
around my  waist for what seemed like an eternity.

"I had a new nameplate made for you.  Now I know it's  early and we haven't
moved to our new offices . . .  but since they took yours. . ." Thandi gave me a 
placard that she had wrapped using office paper.  "Why  don't you go put it up
in its place?"

She held her other hand out, and in between her  forefinger and thumb, glistened
a gold pussy cat - the  last gold pussy. 

"Why don't you open your present," she said with a sly  smile.

I knew what it was; I don't know why she was making  such a big deal about it. 
But, I went ahead and tore  away the makeshift wrapping and prepared to give her
a  fake excited smile . . . but instead gave a surprise  gasp.

The nameplate read, Tracy Langston, Personal Executive  Trainee, just as she had
requested my new position be.   God, I hated to admit it, but when I was down on
my  knees, sucking off the board members earning that  title, I had been so
proud. 

Executive.  That's the word I heard.  It was the word  that made me suck his
prick like there was no tomorrow  and swallow his bitter come.  But now, seeing
it on my  new nameplate.  Seeing all the words there together.   How one earth
would I bear the humiliation?

Tracy Langston

Personal Executive Trainee 

PET.  I was to be Thandi's pet.  In truth I already  was.  Only now I was going
to advertise it. 

"Do you like it?" Thandi asked.

I felt my cheeks warming in embarrassment, but what  could I say.  "Yes Miss." 
My mind rebelled.  It hated  the thought of what I was about to do.  But, some 
other part . . . some dark part located deep inside  yearned for it.  It craved
the feeling of utter and  delicious submission that Miss Moore constantly 
required of me.

"Do you still want a little pussy?" she asked, her  eyes shining at least as
bright as the gold trinket in  her fingers.

"Yes ma'am."

"Then say it," she grinned.

"I want a little pussy."  God, I looked her right in  the eye when I said it and
didn't even stutter -  didn't even blush.  What was I becoming?

"Then come and get it."  She put it in her mouth and  teased me by wiggling it
on the tip of her tongue.

I kissed her, exploring her mouth, our tongues playing  hide and seek for the
gold trinket.  But finally I  captured it and stole it away, breaking the kiss.

"When?" I asked. I had to get out of the chastity  belt.  I was so hot and I had
been teased so much -  for so long - I would fuck anyone . . . anything. 

"You haven't earned the key yet," Thandi grinned, her  eyes twinkling evilly. 
She must have read look of  despair on my poor distraught face.  "But don't
worry  - I'll give you your chance tonight.  I may even be  generous and let you
out early."

Dear Lord!  Would she?  I needed out.  I needed out so  bad - so fucking bad it
hurt.

"Now go put your new nameplate up and get some work  done," Thandi said.  "I
have plans. . .Oh do I have  plans for you tonight."

. . . to be continued.

***********

If you enjoyed this work, take a moment to email the  author.  Your comments are
their only payment.   Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is  copyright
with all rights reserved by its author  unless explicitly indicated.

************

1/28/04 Hello Couture fans, it's been awhile since the  last update.  I guess I
haven't felt very creative  lately.  I'm forcing myself to finish up the loose 
ends to two of my series before doing any more short  stories.  I don't know if
I'll have the will power to  do so, but we will see.  So here is Amazon-dot-cum 
Ch.9 of 10.   I hope it is worth the wait. 

For those interested, I'll try to have the last and  final Amazon ready in
February.  Then I'm going to  finish up the last chapter of Harriet Hotter.  




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Couture


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





