BDSM Library - Humiliating Louise




Humiliating Louise
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Louise submits to her Master's control in a public display of sluttishness.
Humiliating Louise

The instructions were very clear, thought Louise as she drove towards Sydney.
But then, they always were. Her Master never left her in any doubt as to what
was expected of her and though she sometimes balked at them, to date she had
always done as she'd been told.

But this time... this time was different. Although they'd been together for some
months, they'd never done a public scene. All their previous sessions had taken
place in the privacy and comfort of her Master's apartment. To date, he was the
only person who'd witnessed her humiliation. Today would change all that, she
thought. In a brief moment of self-doubt, Louise wondered if she'd be strong
enough to go along with what he had asked of her.

Wriggling in her seat, Louise felt a shiver of pleasure ripple through her as
the balls she'd pushed deep inside her rolled slightly. Along with the balls,
she'd dressed this morning as she'd been instructed - a short denim skirt, and a
semi-fitted black v-neck tshirt that showed off her large breasts. The white
heels her Master had asked her to buy and wear had made her shudder with
revulsion when she'd slipped them in this morning. They were so far removed from
anything she'd normally wear; in fact, the whole outfit was. Didn't he know
white heels were just wrong in so many ways? Especially with a short skirt.
Actually, thought Louise wryly, she rather suspected he did know that, and
that's why he'd instructed her to wear them. As for her underwear, well, she'd
been told to wear her awful pink thong and a black push-up bra. Lots of makeup,
far more than she normally wore. Bright red lipstick, and black eyeliner. Yep,
thought Louise, she definitely looked like a slut.

It was a beautiful day, warm and sunny. As Louise got closer to the city, she
could feel the anticipation building up inside her. She couldn't wait to see him
again, couldn't wait to be with him. But Louise knew she'd be expected to please
him, or he'd be angry and disappointed. Perhaps he'd even send her back home -
Louise didn't like that idea at all. Right then and there, she made up her mind
once and for all. She was going through with it. As hard as it would be, she
would do it. She would do it for her Master.

Arriving in Sydney, Louise found a high-rise carpark as close to harbour as she
could. She knew she wouldn't be able to walk far in these ridiculous shoes.
Besides, she preferred that as few people as possible see her in this sluttish
outfit. A long parade though the city was definitely not on her agenda. Parking
her car, she hurriedly made her way to the ferry terminal. The quay was busy,
and as she waited awkwardly outside the ticket booth as instructed, she became
aware of stares and whispers.

"How much?" jeered a spotty teenager, surrounded by a gaggle of his friends. The
teenagers leered at her as they passed, purposely jostling and pushing against
her. Colour rising in her cheeks, Louise realised they thought she was a
prostitute. Or, at least, that's what they were hinting at. Turning away, she
scanned the crowd anxiously, looking for her Master. Was he coming? Surely he
was. He wouldn't have issued these instructions, and then not turn up himself,
thought Louise. Or would he? Louise knew if it pleased him, he was capable of
doing exactly that. She knew it, and she accepted it. It was the way he was, and
it was all part of the attraction. He controlled her, and she submitted to his
wishes. He was capable of great warmth and kindness, but also great ruthlessness
and, she suspected, cruelty. She dared not complain, even though she was
sometimes frustrated. Then again, thought Louise, she definitely needed a strong
Master. At times, she could be a bit of a handful.

Her cellphone rang then, and Louise's heart leapt as she recognised the ringtone
she'd assigned to her Master. Fumbling in her bag for the phone, she wondered if
he was calling to tell her he wasn't coming after all. Having already felt the
sting of humiliation as the lasviscious stares from passing men raked over her,
Louise wondered if that might be best after all. But then, she did so want to
see him, so she hoped he wouldn't tell her that. Finding her phone, she answered
the call.

"You look like the slut you are," he growled as she answered. No pleasantries,
no greetings. Just that. Louise looked around wildly as she tried desperately to
pick him out in the crowd.

"Where are y..." she began, before he abruptly cut her off.

"Shut up. You don't need to know where I am. Just know that I can see you. Don't
speak unless you're told, or asked a direct question. Is that clear?"

"Yes, Sir," said Louise, quietly. She knew from his tone he wasn't in a mood to
be fucked around. 

"I see you've dressed accordingly. Are you wearing the balls?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Good. You know what I want from you. You know what you have to do. Are you
willing to do it for me, slut?"

Louise hesitated for the briefest moment.

It was too long.

"I see," he said. "You're saying no to me, is that it?"

"No, Sir," said Louise frantically. "I'll do whatever you ask of me, I promise.
I'll submit to your wishes, please let me, please." Louise realised she was
begging him to let her submit, right her in the middle of the busy quay.

"Very well. But don't hesitate again. I dislike hesitation. I either control
you, or I don't. Now get the pen out of your bag."

Holding the phone between her shoulder and chin, Louise rooted through her bag
for the pen, fingers shaking. Did she remember to bring it? She was sure she
did. Finding it at last, she pulled it out. "Got it, Sir."

"Suck it, bitch. Suck it like you would my cock."

Face burning, Louise sucked the end of the pen, sliding it in and out of her
mouth. She was aware of the passersby, but didn't want to piss her Master off.
So, she did as she was told.

"Nice. Now, slowly, I want you to turn completely around, and drop the pen. Is
that clear?"

"Yes, Sir." Louise did as she was instructed.

"Bend down slowly from the waist and pick it up. Get your ass in the air; I want
to see that pink thong. Do it now."

Slowly, Louise did as he ordered. As she bent over, she could feel the breeze
off the water against the bare skin of her ass as her skirt rose up. She was
mortified, yet strangely excited. In fact, she realised she  was wet. She could
feel the fabric of the thong slipping against her wetness and the balls moving
inside her as she reached for the pen. Picking it up, she rose slowly, wriggling
as she tried to adjust her skirt. Then, she jumped as she felt a cruel pinch on
her bare butt.

"Nice ass," muttered an unfamiliar voice.

Louise almost dropped the phone as she whirled around to confront her attacker.
But she was too slow, and the man had melted back into the crowd. Louise heard a
laugh on the other end of the phone. "I see I'm not the only one pleased with
your appearance, slut. Are you ready to proceed?

"Yes Sir," whispered Louise. This was turning into quite an experience, and they
weren't even on the damn ferry yet. Louise shivered at the thought of what was
to come.

"Buy a ticket for the next ferry. When the ferry docks, make sure you're one of
the last first to board. Wait until others get on, and find a seat opposite a
man, any man. Then, wait for my call. Is that clear?"

"Yes Sir," replied Louise, and the phone went dead.

Louise went and bought her ticket, noting the next ferry was due to dock in just
a few minutes. Pushing her way to the front of the waiting crowd, she wondered
where her Master was. Had he bought his ticket yet? She was briefly tempted to
look for him, but if he caught her... well, he'd no doubt be cross and she
didn't want that. God knows what he'd make her do.

Boarding the ferry, Louise lurked around the bottom of the stairs and waited for
suitable quarry. She still hadn't seen her Master, and the boat was filling
fast. She scanned the passengers, and spotted a lone man sitting with his back
to her. He appeared to be by himself - he'll do, thought Louise. Moving quickly,
she walked over to the seat opposite him and sat down, legs crossed. He was
reading the paper, and didn't look up. Louise surveyed him covertly from beneath
her lashes. He looked to be in his mid to late thirties, a little overweight,
with glasses. No wedding ring, just a watch. Louise tried to imagine what his
reaction would be when she carried out her Master's instructions, but failed.
She really had no idea. 

Louise watched absently from the window as the deckhands released the ropes, and
felt the ferry move slowly away from the quay and into the harbour. Seaspray
dashed in through the open window, smattering across her face. She felt her
nipples hardening against the cotton of her shirt in response to the fresh
breeze. Watching the gulls swoop and dive on the currents, she started as her
mobile rang suddenly.

"Look to the left of you, look at me. I'm in the middle bank of seats."

Louise turned her head, searching for him. Her heart leapt as her eyes met his,
and it was as if the air between them snapped and crackled as his very presence
washed over her, sending her dizzily into the space she craved. From his seat,
he could easily see both she and the man she sat opposite.

"Are you ready, slut?"

"Yes, Sir," Louise answered, her voice wavering.

"Do you remember what you have to do?"

Louise said she did. 

"Don't disappoint me." The phone went dead as he hung up.

Casting one last look in her Master's direction, Louise slipped the phone back
in her bag, then took a deep breath. Leaning towards the stranger in front of
her, she said, "Excuse me? Do you have the time?"

The man looked up from the paper he was reading and glanced at his watch.
"11.15," he replied, then did a double take. Louise had leaned forward in such a
way that her breasts were practically spilling out of the v-neck top she was
wearing. She knew he could see straight down her top, and the thought was
strangely exciting. Fluttering her eyelashes, she thanked him as she leaned back
in her seat, slowly uncrossing her legs. As she did so, her short skirt rode up
her thighs, exposing a glimpse of her thong-covered pussy.

Remembering what she'd been instructed to do next, Louise stretched luxuriously,
raising her arms high above her head and parting her legs even further. The
action pushed her full breasts against the thin material of her shirt, and as
she relaxed she could sense the man's eyes upon her, watching her every move.
Settling back into her seat, Louise caught his eyes and smiled at him. He
flushed and looked down hurriedly at his newspaper but Louise knew she had his
full attention. Spreading her legs a little wider, Louise trailed her fingers
across her upper thigh, looking at the man from beneath her lashes as she did
so. His eyes were fixed on her again, watching her as a mouse watches a snake.

Flushing a little with embarrassment at what she had been instructed to do next,
Louise slipped her hand up her skirt, sliding her fingers between the thin
fabric of the pink thong and the warm flesh of her cunt. Delving between her
pussy lips, Louise gasped as she made contact with her clit. The man before her
couldn't believe his eyes, he'd never seen such a thing. This woman was
practically fucking herself with her fingers right there in front of him!

Louise's eyes were closed now, and she imagined her Master watching her as she
behaved like the slut she was in front of all the strangers on the ferry.
Slipping the thong to one side, she tugged gently on the string attached to the
balls deep inside her wet cunt. Lost in what she was doing, her eyes flew open
as she felt a hand grasping her hair at the base of her neck. Looking up, her
green eyes met the ice-blue eyes of her Master standing behind her.

He leaned down, his lips close to her ears, his hand still buried in her hair.
"Give me the balls," he ordered quietly, and Louise started in shock. This was
new to her, he hadn't told her she'd have to remove the balls in front of the
stranger as well! Heat crept over her face as she wrestled between her feelings
of shame and her desire to please him. Sensing her hesitation, he tightened his
grip in her hair, whispering "Don't disappoint me, bitch."

The man opposite watched the exchange with disbelief, half rising from his seat
as if to come to Louise's aid. A look from her Master stopped him, and he sank
slowly back into his seat to watch the scene being played out before him.

Submitting to her Master's wishes, Louise tugged again on the string as she felt
her Master's hand slip down her top and inside her bra. As she pulled one of the
balls out, she groaned as her Master twisted one of her nipples, sending waves
of pleasure shuddering through her. Too deep in subspace to care about the
spectacle she was making of herself, Louise embraced her sluttishness and
submitted entirely to her Master's control. Another tug on the string, and the
other ball slipped out of her wet cunt, leaving her empty and wanting.

"Give them to me," instructed her Master, holding his hand out.

Louise placed the glistening balls, slick with her juices, in the palm of his
outstretched hand.

"Panties."

Louise obeyed immediately, hooking her thumbs under the waistband of the thong
and raising her ass off the seat as she wriggled the panties down her thighs. As
she slid them down her legs, she bent to take them off entirely, but her Master
stopped her.

"Leave them gathered around your ankles, and spread your legs. Show this man
what a wet, hot slut you are for me. You've shown him what you'll do for me, now
show him what I do for you. Show him how wet I get you."

Too embarrassed to meet the man's eyes, Louise spread her legs wide so the man
had full view of her juicy cunt. Aware there were other people watching now, not
just him, Louise's humiliation grew as her Master once again leaned down and
said, "Touch yourself, slut. Play with yourself for me in front of all these
people."

Louise did as she was told, slipping her fingers in and out of her cunt, then
transferring her juices to her hard clit. The combination of her Master's hand
in her hair, his control, her humiliation and the pressure of her fingers on her
clit sent her over the edge, and as the ferry docked, Louise begged, "Sir,
please, please let me come, please let me be a slut for you, please, Sir!"

"You can come, slut," her Master said, stroking the back of Louise's neck as her
orgasm exploded through her with an intensity that took her breath away. As the
last shudders racked her body, Louise slumped in her seat, legs spread wide and
pussy juices running down her thighs. As she looked up and saw all the people
watching her, she flushed with pleasure as she heard her Master's words.

"Good girl. You have pleased me."




Humiliating Louise

Part Two

It was 8.00pm and the hotel reception area was teeming with people. A couple of
tour buses had just arrived, dropping off the latest load of tourists from the
international airport. Louise waited patiently while her Master checked them
into the hotel. They hadn't stayed there before and she was keen to see what the
room was like. Lou flicked a bit of lint off her skirt. It was a cool evening so
she was wearing a long black skirt with a split up the back, and a semi-fitted
black cashmere sweater. Her heels were tan, and matched her bag. And, of course,
she was wearing pantyhose. No panties, though. Louise wondered silently what the
hold up was, check-in was taking forever and she wanted to shower and change
before she and her Master went to dinner.

When he finally got the key and walked over to her, Louise could tell her Master
was a little annoyed. Lou knew from experience he didn't like to be kept
waiting. She hated it when he was cross, so she kissed him and told him how
handsome he was, and how fortunate she was to have him in her life. It was the
truth, anyway, and it seemed to do the trick because he relaxed a little.
Grabbing their bags, he strode over to the elevator. Calling over his shoulder
to her, he said, "Our room is on the top floor, so the view over the city should
be worth seeing. Hurry up, will you?" he added, impatiently, as Louise scurried
after him as best she could in her high heels.

The bank of elevators was quiet. The tour parties were still being processed and
no one else was waiting to go up. Louise had heard about these elevators.  They
were made of glass on three sides and rose up through a glass atrium that housed
the hotel's reception area. In fact, as she looked up through the roof of the
atrium, Louise could see the night stars high above them. It was a beautiful
sight.

A muted ping heralded the arrival of the elevator, and Louise followed her
Master in, still looking up at the stars. As the elevator ascended, the lobby
fell away below them and the people milling around reception got smaller and
smaller. Louise pressed her nose to the glass and watched them - they all seemed
very far away as they rose higher and higher.

Suddenly, Louise cried out in surprise as the elevator jolted and stopped.
Absorbed in people watching, she wasn't expecting the abrupt halt. Louise was
scared the elevator had malfunctioned, and they would both be sent crashing to
the ground. Worried, she turned and reached for her Master. But her Master
wasn't worried at all, mainly because he had stopped the elevator on purpose and
was just standing there, watching her closely, a smile playing around his lips
as he watched her reaction. "What's the matter, baby?" he said softly, fixing
her with a steely glare, his finger still pressed on the 'stop' button.

Louise looked at him closely then, and she could see he had that glint in his
eye. She knew it well; usually it meant he had something devilish in store for
her. But what can happen in a glass elevator? wondered Louise, her heartbeat
slowly returning to normal as her panic faded.

"Uh...nothing, Sir," she replied, her voice wavering just a little. "I was
scared we were going to crash, is all." She smiled at him uncertainly as he
continued to watch her, his ice blue eyes locked on her flushed face.

"Turn around, slut," he ordered. "Turn around and face out. I want you to bend
from the waist slightly, your legs spread, with your hands against the glass. Do
it now."

Turning, Louise obeyed without question as she assumed the position he wanted.
She was almost embarrassed to realise she was instantly aroused - the
combination of the tone of her Master's voice and the look in his eyes
invariably triggered such an automatic, slutty response. Through the reflection
in the glass, Lou could see him moving toward her. All her senses were
heightened and the hair on the back of her neck prickled with anticipation as he
approached.

Reaching her, he pressed his groin into Lou's ass as his hands reached around
underneath her sweater and loosened the clasp on her front-fastening bra. His
large hands cupped her full breasts, and she moaned as he rolled her sensitive
nipples between his fingers. She gasped as he nuzzled the back of her neck,
nipping and biting, his lips moving over her hot flesh. Groaning, Louise closed
her eyes as the pleasurable sensations washed over her. His lips vibrating
against her ear, her Master snapped, "Open your eyes, slut. Open your eyes and
look at all those people down below us. Do you think they can see what we're
doing?"

His words jerked Lou back to reality, and she was shocked. Of course they could
see what was going on should they choose to look up, thought Louise in horror.
After all, it was a glass elevator, and she was braced against the glass with
her legs spread and her Master's hands up her top. She tensed slightly,
humiliated when she realised that they may be seen. But her Master wasn't
worried, not at all.

"Relax, bitch," he commanded, straightening up as he took his hands away from
her. Although she was embarrassed, Louise was also disappointed; she realised
she really didn't want him to stop touching her. She took her hands off the
glass to tidy her clothes - her bra was undone and she wanted to fix it.

"Did I tell you to move?" he snapped. Louise turned to look at him, her face
flushing at the tone in her Master's voice.

"Answer me, slut."

"Uh, I thought ..." she started, but he cut her off.

"You're not supposed to think, though, are you? You don't move unless I tell you
to move, you don't speak unless I tell you to speak and you don't think unless I
tell you that you can. Is that clear?"

"Yes Sir," she whispered, distressed that she'd displeased him.

"Good. Now turn around again, leave your fucking clothes alone, don't move,
don't make a sound, keep those eyes open and don't even think about thinking. I
control you. Correct?"

Relishing in his control, and eager to please him, Louise nodded silently as she
braced herself against the glass once more, wondering what he had in store for
her.

Satisfied with her submission he pressed against her, his lips and teeth again
moving over her neck. Lou shuddered with desire as she felt his hands sliding
underneath her skirt, then up her legs and over her thighs. "Do you want my
fingers inside you, slut?" he whispered, as his hands crept further and further
up her legs and toward her wet cunt.

Desperate for him to touch her, Louise nodded as she resisted the urge to grind
her hips down on his hands. After all, she'd been told me not to move and she
dared not disobey. Her skirt was bunched up almost to her waist now, and she
realised she was on show to all of the people in the hotel's lobby area below,
should they choose to look up. But Louise didn't care, all she wanted was to
feel her Master's hands on her and his fingers inside her wet pussy - she craved
his touch like a drug addict craved drugs.

Suddenly, unexpectedly, he grasped her pantyhose and ripped the nylon in one
forceful movement, tearing a gaping hole in the delicate material. Lou's ass and
cunt were now exposed, her skirt riding high. She was pulled off balance
momentarily by his actions, and stumbled a little as she struggled to regain her
footing. His hand cracked down sharply on her bare ass, leaving a stinging red
handprint. "I told you not to fucking move, didn't I?" he hissed, striking her
again. Pressed against the glass once more, she welcomed the sharp sting of her
Master's slaps, but apologised to him all the same for moving, even though she
could hardly help it.

Now he was behind me again, and Louise could feel his warm breath against her
ear as he told her, "We haven't got a lot of time, slut. I'm going to fuck you
with my fingers. I'm going to allow you to cum, but we haven't got long. Someone
is going to notice the elevator has stopped before too much longer. But I want
you to cum, I want you to cum on my hand while all these nice people below us in
the lobby of this five star resort look up at you and marvel at what you'll do
for me, and think what a fucking whore you are. Do you want that? Do you?"

Almost driven mad with lust, Louise nodded frantically, begging him to finger
her, begging him to use her, begging him to let her cum. Finally, she was
rewarded when she felt his fingers slipping over her juicy pussy, spreading her
puffy, pink lips apart and sliding into her wetness. Her Master had large hands
and long fingers, and she couldn't get enough of his touch as he pushed first
one and then two into her warm depths, her inner muscles contracting around him
as he swirled and delved inside her.

Her Master's other hand was in her hair, pulling Louise against him firmly. She
arched her neck and groaned as he bit into her sensitive flesh, his teeth
leaving red marks on her pale, creamy skin. His thumb slid over her clit,
teasing the sensitive nub as he slipped a third finger into Louise, stretching
her juicy pussy wide open as he plunged into her over and over again.

"Fuck my fingers, slut, cum for me all over my hand," he said, and Louise ground
her hips down on him, trying to draw him deeper and deeper inside her. He
whispered darkly in her ear as he fucked Lou's wet cunt forcefully with his
hand, calling her a slut over and over again, telling her that she was his slut,
and that he owned her; owned the very cunt he was using in full view of the
people far below. This, coupled with his fingers sent Louise tumbling over the
edge, her pussy spasming around his hand and her knees buckling as her orgasm
swept over her, tipping her into a bottomless void of pleasure.

Far below them, through a haze of red-hot passion, Louise could see a group of
Japanese tourists had noticed them. They were staring and pointing up at them in
shock as Louise screamed silently against the glass, cumming violently over and
over again with her skirt around her hips, and her torn and ripped pantyhose
around her ankles and one of her Master's hands tangled in her hair and the
fingers of his other hand buried deep inside her cunt.

Louise realised she didn't care at all.


With love and thanks to Sir, the source of my inspiration :)




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  soleil


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





