BDSM Library - Help Wanted




Help Wanted
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A series of hard edged spoofs that pay tribute to the jaded, cynical protagonists that once peopled the hardboiled men's magazines of the past.






 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; By

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 1



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could not believe the ad I was reading in the latest issue of the Odds and Ends newsletter delivered to my address in a plain brown wrapper. It read as follows:



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I am thirty-four, the mother of fourteen year-old twin girls and measure 38D-23-36. I've been described as a totally depraved slut, a nymphomaniac with no self esteem and a masochist with no known limits to what I can tolerate. References can be supplied if necessary. My daughters have been expelled from four different private schools for various infractions involving sex with other students, faculty members, animals and each other, all on school grounds of course. Pictures of them peforming various illegal acts can also be provided."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" We require the presence of a masterful male who knows the ropes and is blessed with outstanding physical endowments including size (an&nbsp; absolute must), stamina and recuperative powers. He will be expected to discipline and educate the three of us exclusively as our live-in teacher and trainer. Salary and additional benefits are negotiable."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What really blew me away was the attached photograph which showed this gorgeous blonde with great jugs stark naked and hanging by her wrists. She was covered with welts and cuts from her neck to her kneecaps, and appeared to be out cold. That was all I needed to check out the address given to send replies, references and information including my salary requirements and other benefits. Less than two weeks later I was contacted by Dana Thompson to come to her home for an interview.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I arrived right on time and rang the bell. I waited and rang again, still no reply.I pounded on the door and still no answer. I went over and peered into the garage to check for a car, which was there. Back to the entryway I went and resumed pounding my fist on the door and hollering her name. I began to wonder if this was some kind of a test, and that got me really pissed off. I walked around to the back of the house but everything was buttoned up. The shades were drawn so I couldn't see inside. Now I started kicking at the door, ruining the shoe-shine I paid four bucks to get. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I went back to my car and had a smoke. Maybe she was on the pot and unable to come to the door; shit happens. Minutes later I was back at it, still no response.I started yelling once more and threatening to break a window. I was maybe a minute away from breaking a window when the door opened and my eyes nearly popped out of my head.&nbsp;&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana Thompson was wearing only a pair of sheer bikini panties that showed that she either shaved or waxed her pussy to keep it clean and almost child-like. In point of fact she underwent rather painful, to most people, electrolysis treatments every two two weeks to keep her cunt bald as a cueball. It was also evident that she had been pretty badly beaten up. On closer inspection "beaten up" was too mild a term. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those bee stung lips were split and her eyes nearly swollen shut. Her upper body was covered with cigarette burns, especially on those great jugs. They didn't jump out at you because those big fun bags had been beaten, bruised and cut in so many places that the relatively small burns were not obvious at first glance. The rest of her body was also a mess. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana had a huge collection of cuts and gashes, massive multi-colored bruises, welts that were different from the ones covering her tits and burns that had been made mostly by heated items or electricity. It looked like they may have run enough juice through her to light up a small city. How she was standing erect was a mystery to me until I remembered the remark that she was a major league masochist with no known limits for pain. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her cunt had taken plenty of pounding, externally as well as internally. I could see the cum still oozing from that thin pussy slit. The lips were swollen to the point that you couldn't push a pencil into her twat, and her cunt mound was crisscrossed with a huge collection of marks from hot things, sharp things, blunt things and in some cases what looked to be the calling card from a cane, probably one of those bamboo jobs that the Brits loved to use on their women.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Some one or some people had really given her a major going over during the last day or so. She had deep marks on her wrists and ankles, probably from the ropes they'd used to make her more cooperative. Asking Dana what happened only got me some pointing and mumbling. I wondered if she was on drugs or something, so I reached out and tried to pry one of her eyelids open to get a good look at her pupil. I got scratched for my trouble. Unfortunately for her, my hair-trigger reflexes went into overdrive and in less time than it takes to tell I buried my fist in her gut, and when she doubled over, my knee split her cunt lips apart bringing&nbsp;&nbsp; up whatever she had eaten last. Dana made a nice mess on her rug, but that was her problem.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her attitude really pissed me off. I'd evidently stumbled onto some weird stuff involving this crazy, and maybe those twins she used to con me to come over here. I wondered if they were just a figment of her demented imagination. I raised my hand and she cowered, holding her gut and trying to catch some air to replace what she'd lost when I retaliated to her scratching. When Dana pushed her tongue out from between those split lips I suddenly understood that I'd made one of my rare errors in judgement.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were three heavy rings of metal embedded in her tongue, running its length. I'd seen plenty of studs but never something like this. No wonder all she could do was mumble. My guess was that this had been done by the same bunch who had marked her up. I held out my open hands in a gesture of peace. She wasn't buying it just yet. So I took a deep breath and apologized, something I did maybe every blue moon. Her face tried to break into a smile, but instead she looked like some mask one might wear on Halloween to scare the little kids when they came to the door.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Asking where her twins were got only more mumbling and hand gestures, but the head shaking did indicate that she was clueless when it came to their whereabouts. I pointed to the ceiling and asked if that was where she was kept. I got a nod and so upstairs we went, hand in hand, since she had lots of problems walking up the steps. As soon as we hit the top of the stairs I was overwhelmed by a sickening odor that must be coming from the bathroom. I held my nose and looked at my companion. Dana nodded her head and pointed in the direction where the stench wa coming from. I was nervous about what might be behind that door, but I opened it and looked.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The bathroom was a mess. There were puddles of vomit and piss in a number of places. The toilet was filled with a brew of unmentionable materials bubbling and occasionally hissing. I wondered if it was stopped up, but chanced it by hitting the handle to flush it. I literally held my breath for a number of reasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; then thanked the gods when the toilet paused for a moment before emptying its contents into the sewer system with a loud gurgle and a noise that sounded like a cough. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dangling from the shower rod was an enema bag that looked as if it had been used recently. I looked over at the battered blonde and she nodded and pointed towards her bruised chest. Then she closed her hand into a fist and opened it showing one finger after another. I lost count after Dana started a second fist count. They'd given her lots and lots of enemas, and my guess is that they had more in them than just plain old water. She confirmed my guess by pointing to an empty bottle labeled ammonia. I winced at the thought of having something like that burning away the insides of my colon.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We left the bathroom and I followed her as she tottered toward the bedroom. It was fairly obvious that this was where Dana spent most of her time as they tortured her. There were no sheets on the bed, just a mattress, and ropes still attached to the posts at the corners. The large wet spot in the center of the mattress indicated that whoever had been spread-eagled here took plenty of cock when other things weren't being done to her. While I took all this in, noting the soldering iron still plugged into the wall socket by the bed, she was rummaging through the dresser drawers to come up with a pad and something with which to write.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I checked the other bedrooms, discovering the same pattern of ropes and stains. Evidently the twins had been put through the mill along with Dana; just in different rooms. By the time I got back to where I'd left her, she had covered half a dozen pages in her small, neat writing, and was still going strong. I thanked my lucky stars that her handwriting was legible. As I scanned through her version of what happened over the last two days, it became apparent that the guys who worked her over and took the twins intended to use them in a snuff film. Lucky for me and the twins, I happened to know the only guy in town who made such material, even though it was faux snuff to those of us in the know.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As near as I could figure, Dana had a guy named Marty over applying for the position. Midway through the interview a few of his friends showed up and they easily overpowered Dana. The leader had no interest in her job, he was there for her jewelry and any cash she had around the house. If that went smoothly they'd take her on a tour of ATMs and even have her open her safe deposit box if time allowed. To put added pressure on her they grabbed the twins and threatened to harm them if she wouldn't cooperate. The only flaw in Marty's plan was that Dana was a big time masochist and she thought it might be fun to have these guys do her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the first day they gave her all she could handle and then some. What these guys lacked in finesse they made up for with brute force. They whipped her from neck to kneecaps with straps and a fan belt which left her covered with welts, cuts and bruises. Most of the cuts came when they got tired of using the leather and started taking their best shots with the buckles. The fan belt left massive bruises formed by the hundreds of blood vessels just beneath her skin that ruptured from the brutal blows that rained down on her defenseless, naked body. Unfortunately for them Dana could not resist telling then no every time they took a break and asked her to talk. This made them frustrated and so she was securely gagged for the rest of the session that lasted well into the night. When they got tired from beating her, they took turns raping her and the twins. Although they were just filling out, their tight young bodies had a strong appeal for the intruders, and took plenty of hard cock.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After some take out, two of them sat on either side of Dana and burned her with lit cigarettes, starting&nbsp; on her big tits and slowly moving down to her cunt, burning her outer and inner cuntlips until&nbsp; she pissed herself and passed out. The second pair had other ideas for the twins and they plowed their tight furrows by the hour, whipping them with their straps whenever they needed time to recuperate. All this activity made the gang sleepy and so they turned in, leaving the trio of battered and bound females to fend for themselves.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By morning all three had pissed their beds and were beaten severely for doing it. Afterwards the gang decided to concentrate on Dana, leaving the twins alone except when one of them felt the need for some pussy. My guess is that by then Dana was so battered that she wasn't very appetizing when it came to fucking. There was no doubt after what they did to her to start off her second day of interrogation. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They tied Dana to a chair and asked her once more where she was hiding her money and jewelry. She remained close mouthed, the masochist in her rising to the occasion is my guess. So they took turns punching her lights out. That's when the majority of the damage to her face happened. I glanced over at her, still scribbling, and looked away real fast. Her head was lopsided from all the punches she'd taken, and the bruises on her face had started to look really scary. I wondered why they hadn't broken her nose with at least one shot, but tabled that line of thinking immediately.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Almost on cue, Dana handed me a few more pages that covered her day in the bathroom. Larry had the bright idea to see if she liked water sports. They began by dunking her in that foul mess bubbling away in the toilet. She was one tough cookie and held out even when she began swallowing the contents of the filthy bowl. She passed out a couple of times and so Larry decided she needed a change of pace. They dumped her into the tub and took turns pissing on her until most of the filth was washed from her face. She hung in there and so they gave her a series of enemas; starting out with tap water, then crushed ice and water, hot water and hot water mixed with&nbsp; liquid detergent. She hung tough even when they jammed a spindle wrapped with toilet paper up her bunghole to keep the enemas contained, making the pain almost more than she could handle.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I skipped over the rest of the water sport events such as the belly busters, more dunkings, golden showers, piss drinking and another round of enemas. Evidently they were totally frustrated by then. They took her back to the bedroom and resumed torturing her. That's when she got the rings through her tongue. Then they started in on her using electricity and a soldering iron they found in one of the kitchen drawers while they were looking for stuff to put in her enemas. I was astonished that she managed to survive having so much juice pumped through her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;What they did was remove the cord from one of the lamps, tape the ends, now stripped down to the bare wires, to various portions of her anatomy and plug the other end into the wall socket. That's a lot of volts and amps to be passing through a set of tits or a pussy. I wonder why she didn't break her neck or swallow her tongue when they hooked her new rings up to the house current. Fortunately for Dana, yours truly showed at the door, refused to take no for an answer and so they grabbed the twins and took off the back way as I continued to pound on the door. Somehow Dana got loose and the rest everyone knows.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Dana handed me another note. This one offered me the job, no questions asked. I countered with a deal guaranteeing that I would recover her daughters and protection them from further harm from the gang for a flat fee of ten thousand dollars and expenses. Once this happened then we would discuss a long term arrangement, not before. Her body language, if you could call it that, indicated she was none too thrilled over my offer.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However she brightened considerably when I said I'd move into her place and remain with her while tracking down her daughters. Based on the condition of her face and body there was no way I'd be bedding down with Dana unless someone held a gun to my head. That part I kept to myself. She held out her hand and we shook on it. I noticed that her palm was cold and damp, not a good sign. That little matter completed, I made a few calls and set up a meeting with my old buddy, Larry the snuff king.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As I mentioned before, Larry was truly the king of the fake snuff film. He was a master when it came to cutting and editing a scene to make it appear as if the woman involved had been offed big time. Part of his secret was this gift for making masks that were works of art and exact copies of his victims. Combine the mask and a realistic, anatomically correct dummy, no blowup dolls for Larry, also his creation, and he could work miracles. That was part of his success, but there was more. He must have studied under a master illusionist in his earlier days, because what you saw was not what you thought you saw. Think about that one for a while and you'll appreciate his genius. As the old gag goes, he was doing many of his tricks with smoke and mirrors, literally as well as figuratively. Put all his tricks into a bag and shake well and there was no one who could come even close to the effects he produced. My guess is sometime in the future some kid in film school will&nbsp; stumble upon something by Larry and make him an underground icon of sorts. Naturally by then Larry would have been dead for some years or rotting away in a Federal prison.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At my meeting with Larry I learned that he had already been contacted by Marty concerning the use of the twins in his latest snuff film. They had supplied him with numerous photos of the teenagers, some of them taken while they were working over Dana. There also were some shots of Dana showing her being worked over. When I pitchd the idea of including Dana in the film, it caught Larry's interest immediately. He had never done a multiple snuff film before, and the idea of having a mother and her two daughers being offed big time truly excited him. He insisted that Dana come over to the studio for more photographs and even a few measurements. We agreed that the filming would take place in a month, since he was working on another project, killing off a porn star look-a-like. This would also allow Dana a to heal some, giving Larry a somewhat fresh canvas upon which to work.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As a gesture of good faith in the project, he showed me the photographs of the twins and their mom Marty had given him, swearing me to secrecy, which made me laugh considering how deeply involved I had become in this whole situation. My mind was already turning over some ideas about how to separate Dana Thompson from more of her money. Most involved her twins and other film makers into producing extreme hard edge porn films featuring lots of strange sex, animals and violence. I figured the twins if they took after mom, would thrive in that area and make me, their agent, a rich man since after expenses I would be collecting one hundred percent of the profits. Once I had my nest egg, I'd dump Dana and her kids and be on my merry way, leaving them to the Martys of the world.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Based on what I saw, the twins were basically used as fuckmeat whenever Marty and his guys got tired of torturing Dana. I wondered why they never realized that they were dealing with a four star masochist who probably was having a grand old time taking everything they could dish out to her. In her ad Dana made no bones about her love for things painful. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On the other hand, the twins did not exactly get off home free. At fourteen these two were blossoming well ahead of schedule.Their cute little buns had been spanked and whipped soundly.&nbsp; I wondered if having their nipples burned repeatedly would leave permanent scars. One picture in particular turned me on. Evidently they had been worked over with a bamboo cane that had really dug into their soft flesh. It looked as if the girls were wearing red two piece bathing suits, and the way their eyes were bugging out, this was no fun at all to them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We agreed upon the date and time for Dana to be photographed and measured in preparation for her session later in the month. At the time I knew that Marty and a couple of his guys would also be attending the filming. He gave me the impression that Marty, his guys and the twins would show afterward, giving me an opportunity to grab them back from Marty once their session was completed. You talk about the best laid plans of mice and men. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Satisfied with the arrangement as I thought it was, I headed back to my client's place to break the news to her about Larry's plans for her and the twins. He had reassured me that nothing could go wrong; he'd never lost an "actress", no matter how realistic his film appeared. It took some coaxing on my part, but at long last after a promise to give her a little cock while she waited for her body to do some healing, Dana Thompson mumbled yes to the deal.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She and Larry hit it off at the meeting. By then I'd managed to have all but one ring removed from her tongue and she could actually speak so she could be understood. He explained what her part in the film would be and what was expected of her. She added a few embellishments that brought a big smile to the film maker's face and happily did everything he asked as he measured her and took more photographs so he could prepare the mannequin representing her that would do all the heavy lifting so to speak. Larry confirmed the date of the shoot and told us what time to arrive. Realizing that his star was into pain in a big way, he cautioned her about adding any new major markings to her body. I vouched for her when it came to that area, now that I had accepted the responsibility for finding her daughters.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For the next three and a half weeks or twenty-five days, I counted everyone of them, it was fun and games with Dana Thompson. Going one on one in close quarters with a woman who is a masochistic nymphomaniac is no bed of roses. I began to regret removing most of the rings from her tongue; her mumbling would have been music to my ears when you consider the steady litany of complaints and pleading for sex that issued from her mouth. For the first few days she sort of rested up, regaining her strength; then it began. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She started prancing around the house in the all-together, vamping me every chance she got. I'd be on the couch watching a movie and she'd plant herself on my lap and start pushing those ruined, scabby tits into my face while she suggested in no uncertain terms that we head for the bedroom for some "hot sex", those were her words, and I grew to hate them. Somehow her whining and pleading for sex left me unmoved for a few days. However the urge to clean her clock started to develop in me, a very dangerous sign, and one I did not want to give in to. So against my better judgement, I escorted Dana Thompson to her bedroom in the early afternoon of the sixth day and she practically devoured me. She sucked like a vacuum cleaner, fucked like a mink and howled like a banshee for the rest of the afternoon and well into the early evening. By the time I extricated myself from her clutches, it felt as if I'd been through one of those laundry mangles.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was all downhill from there. After a number of rematches that made me feel like every drop of moisture had been sucked from my body, I resorted to force when it came to our daily couplings. If anything, being in restaints and having her bottom tanned to a brilliant shade of red every day only increased her appetite for fun and games. It took all my willpower not to give into her suggestions that I whip her tits and pussy to get in the mood for some really funky sex with my psycho roommate.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Gradually she wore down my resistance. After all, I reasoned, she was beginning to look better and better as the bruises faded, the black eyes disappeared and most of the cuts healed. Dana doted on being tied up, the tighter the better. Once I started gagging her, things improved greatly. I began to bury the bone with a lot more enthusiasm when she wasn't able to bitch and moan about my failings when we did the nasty. Then we graduated to water sports, which was a win- win situation. She loved to go swimming in the toilet bowl, especially after it contained a few dumps and a couple of quarts of recycled beer. She also loved drinking it direct from my tap, opening wide and actually gargling with the piss before swallowing it with a big grin and a smack of her lips, which by now had healed completely.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She talked me into giving her daily enemas, suggesting ingredients to add to the water that was either close to boiling or mixed with crushed ice. Once she was securely plugged, I'd usually see how much of my stiff cock she could take while the enema distorted her intestines and bloated her belly from all the gas that was generated. Towards the end of this most trying period she had managed to talk me into not only giving her monster enemas, sometimes nearing a gallon of some ugly concoction, but combining them with forced ingestion of water to make her bloated belly grow to dimensions usually only seen in women in the final stages of pregnancy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things had now come full circle. I was the one torturing and humiliating my employer. I also was now photgraphing my efforts at turning her body into something that looked for a time to be totally abnormal. It was then that the realization set in that Dana and her twins needed a firmer hand and more vivid imagination than yours truly was capable of providing. This revelation came to me on the twenty-third day while I was sodomizing her for the second time during our daily sex session. She had already complained about straight and oral sex, claiming they didn't cause her any pain, a necessary part of good sex as far as the lady was concerned. However she did admit that rough treatment of her asshole still had some attraction for her, and so that was what she got as a steady diet. It was a relieved and happy trainer-teacher who escorted Dana Thompson to the studio where Larry awaited, eager to start his latest snuff epic.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once we got to the studio she was like a little kid in a candy store. Larry was very happy to show her around and introduce Dana to the mannequin that would be doing the serious business of "dying" once that time arrived. She oohed and aahed at the mirrors and the three cameras that were cocked and ready to film her demise, at least that's what the viewers would be thinking. Meanwhile my costume had turned me into some kind of a ninja or cat burglar, ready to have my way with my helpless victim. Dana had been on a sex and pain free diet for the last day and a half, so she was hot to trot.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She got naked and received the high sign from Larry, as most of her serious injuries were no longer showing. With his help we soon had Dana hanging by her tightly bound wrists from a hook in the ceiling, legs spread wide as her tendons would allow and securely anchored by chain links running from the manacles on her ankles to ringbolts located in the floor. Almost every square inch of her bare, buxom body was now available for whatever Larry had dreamed up for his star to endure. Then Marty made his unexpected entry, accompanied by two of his men and the twins.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I realized immediately that I'd been had, but stayed cool, waiting for the situation to get a little clearer. Larry wasted no time making the introductions, which were not really necessary, and then urging Marty to don his costume and join me in working over Dana. The lady in question was staring at her former captor with wide eyes and a heaving chest. Damned if she wasn't glad to see the SOB! Once I recovered from the shock, it made a weird kind of sense. She was crazy about Marty since he and his friends had given her all the sex and pain the little nympho/pain slut could ever ask for and still live to enjoy it. I was odd man out; what a downer considering all the plans I had for her twins.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Speaking of the twins, they were strung out in the extreme. They looked like high fashion models that had gone overboard on their diets, or maybe teens who were into anorexia. The fact that they were skin and bones was only part of the problem; their eyes seemed unfocused, their faces blank. My guess was a regimen consisting of drugs such as meth, maybe some uppers for a change of pace, nothing substantial in the line of food and possibly sex stimulants to keep them interested in all the guys that probably had stretched and jammed their tight little twats and puckered buttholes in the last month. To sum it up, only those interested in necrophilia or stick chicks would be attracted to these two zombies.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Out of loyalty to Larry and a curiosity concerning how he was planning to make it look as if Dana had died horribly, I hung around and played second banana to Marty who went to town on Dana who loved every bone jarring minute of it. I drubbed her kidneys and those big boobs with a rubber truncheon, one made in the UK for use by their constables. Larry used her like a heavy puching bag, his fists boring deep into her soft belly and going even lower to smash against the mouth of her cunt that soon was oozing pussy sludge, indicating that he knew what buttons to push on this torture toy.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I continued to tattoo her private parts while Marty hooked a weight to the ring in her tongue and laughed as that pink, snakelike organ was extended to its limit. I went back upstairs to her chest, bringing gasps of pain from her as the rubber hose battered her ribs. Marty was busy putting barbs through her cunt lips and adding weights to stretch them to ridiculous lengths. Finally it was time for the grand finale. Dana looked like some badly decorated Christmas tree, weights hanging from all sorts of places on her naked body but Larry was humming with delight as his masterpiece built to the money shot. It was then that I learned one of his trade secrets, as if that would ever do me any good.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He was now operating all three cameras and going back and forth between Dana and the mannequin which was also festooned in the same identical pattern as Marty had created on his victim. Then Larry turned on a motor and a mirror began rotating, creating an almost seamless connection between Dana and the look-alike dummy. Dana was now hanging in a much different position, ankles and wrists tied tightly with wire and ropes attached to her battered tits, supporting the entire weight of her body. A noose was also knotted around her neck with a little slack in it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Larry checked on the mannequin and his cameras while Dana's naked body slowly rotated in one direction and then back again, the dummy mirroring her movements. I watched open-mouthed as Larry splashed a solvent on the dummy and poured what smelled like alcohol over Dana. Marty did the honors by jamming a firecracker into Dana's twat and at a signal from Larry he lit the fuse and stepped back. Simultaneously the mannequin and Dana burst into flame. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her screams were ear-splitting and eerie as she reacted to her body catching fire. Then Marty cut the ropes around her tits and her burning body fell about a foot until the noose stopped the plunge. She rotated and kept up this strangled shrieking that made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. To me it seemed like Dana had been on fire for minutes rather than seconds. Suddenly Larry rushed forward and sprayed Dana's burning body with some kind of foam that put the fire out in the blink of an eye. That was not the case for the rather realistic dummy which continued to burn until it was a charred mess.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The last thing I saw afterward was Dana sitting on a bench in a robe watching her twin daughters, now stark naked, being hung by their wrists from a pair of hooks in the ceiling. The teens' bodies were gaunt and what used to be nice sets of blossoming tits had shrunk to something the size of crepes. Larry was racing around the set getting his machines and mirrors ready to once more create illusions worth big money from his adoring fans. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All things considered, I had done quite well for myself monetarily and Dana had been a nice piece of ass once I figured out the combination that made her tick. You win some and you lose some. This one had come out in my favor, so why complain? So there I was, reading my newsletter a month later and guess who had an ad in it? I figured Dana and Marty were no longer simpatico, but at least she and her twins were once more reunited. It takes all kinds. It was then that I homed in on an ad from a grandmother who needed a mean stud to assist her in the training and disciplining of her divorced daughter and teenage granddaughter. Now that sounded like the kind of challenge for me, three generations of pussy all under the same roof. What else could a guy like me want out of life?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;( To be continued )&nbsp;&nbsp; 



					Help Wanted


					 Chapter 2


	After my adventures with Dana, her twins and Larry the snuff film
producer, I was looking forward to something a little less gory and a lot less
stressing. That ad put in the Strange Ones Only magazine by the grandmother
looking for a mean stud to help her with the training of her daughter and
granddaughter certainly seemed to be what the doctor ordered. I sent off a
picture of me in my birthday suit, sporting a morning erection that wouldn't
quit and holding a rubber hose. I also included my terms to take the job, which
weren't too different from what she offered. Within a couple of days I received
a phone call from Granny Gooch, which is the way she announced herself, inviting
me to her place for an interview.

	From the looks of her little place in the country, a huge three-story
villa set out in the woods and reached only by a narrow dirt road that ended at
a fence with a gate topped by razor wire, Granny Gooch was pretty well off. This
was just the kind of client I enjoyed serving or servicing, depending upon her
looks and attitude. I spoke into the clown's mouth and granny herself replied
and let me enter after making sure that the camera mounted by the voice box got
a good look at my kisser.

	Granny Gooch was a rather impressively upholstered brunette with a set
of double Ds that might have had a little help from some surgeon. It appeared
that another cutter had been busy on her face; it had that waxy look that could
only come from lots of collagen and botox helped along by a laser facial
scrubbing. I was curious if anything on this babe was original equipment. She
was dressed to impress the hired help, which was what I would be. She had enough
sparklers hanging off her to decorate a Christmas tree. Everytime she breathed,
those twin melons pushed up and out, trying to escape the confines of the shelf
bra that was presenting them for my attention. The pants the rest of her were
crammed into were so tight that I could see that she was wearing only a thong
beneath them. There was a lot of granny Gooch to check out, but the ratio of
curves and hollows to her considerable weight was favorable. In her case there
was no such thing as too much of a good thing.

	"Damn, your eyes are boring a hole in my pussy, you stop that now! We
have business to conduct. Afterwards, if you pass muster, I'll let you check out
your quarters and maybe get a better feel for your new employer." Her words were
said with a twinkle in her dark eyes that promised plenty of very entertaining
moments if I met her exacting standards. I grinned at her and licked my lips in
anticipation. I noticed that her tits were heaving a bit more than when I first
arrived, a very good sign for my prospects.

	The interview went well; my future employer had been most taken with my
picture and what I was displaying."I was very happy to see that you also showed
your approach to disciplining my two wild and crazy offspring. I know from
personal experience that a rubber hose hurts like blazes, but in the proper
hands leaves no tell-tale markings behind. That is the type of discipline I am
seeking for my child, and her child." I thanked my lucky stars I hadn't selected
a cane or the black snake whip I'd had for a number of years.

	"Where are these two ladies? Shouldn't they be part of the interview
process as well?" I asked. My hostess gave me a curt smile and replied, "Miriam,
my dear daughter, and Karen, her daughter, are currently recovering from their
injuries at a private hospital. They are expected to be released in another
couple of days. You'll get a chance to meet them in person at that time. In the
interim these photographs will have to suffice." As she finished, she reached
over and handed me a sheaf of glossy photos that brought a whistle from me.

	Someone had done a major number on the two females shown in the photos.
The older one, Miriam, looked to be perhaps in her thirties; it was hard to get
a more accurate estimate because of the lopsided condition of her bruised and
battered face. Someone or ones had used Miriam for a punching bag; her lips were
split and swollen, her eyes blackened, and there were numerous bruises and cuts
covering most of her face. The damage wasn't confined to her face alone. It was
then that I realized that Miriam was stark naked and had a set of tits that
would have been the envy of most women except for the fact that they were
covered with bite marks, cuts, bruises and what looked like cigarette burns,
overlaying some of the deepest welts I'd ever seen. Breathing must have been an
agonizing process with this kind of damage to her big tits.

	There were two other shots of her. In them she was standing stark naked
with her arms outstretched. The first showed her front side which was covered
with whip marks that started just below those battered and bruised tits and
didn't stop until reaching her knees. Her shaved cunt was so swollen that I
wondered how she could take a piss without passing out from the pain. It looked
as if they'd used something else besides the whip to do that portion of her
body. I'd have to find out from her when we got together. The back view showed
more of the same, except it was quite obvious that a cane had been used to
destroy her ass. Nothing left the kind of deep welts like a cane, perhaps even
one that had been weighted so it really dug in deep.

	The pictures of Karen were even worse although most of her body was
relatively unscathed. She was a cute little thing just beginning to blossom. Her
pert little tits were a perfect mouthful and I had just the mouth to put around
those apple-shaped nubbins with cherries for nipples. She looked to be around
fourteen or fifteen, still kind of coltish in the hips but with tremendous
upside potential as they say in the financial world. Her dark hair was curly and
reached just barely to her shoulders. What really grossed me out was the
condition of her little fuzzy haired cunt. It looked like an open wound, sore
and dark red. There was no doubt that it had seen plenty of action in a big
hurry. Can you spell gangbang? What made it doubly painful to look at was the
way her face was set, almost in shock. The little cutie posed with her legs
spread apart slightly and her hands holding her cunt lips wide open to show just
how deep the damage went. If this was some one's idea of discipline they were
either very sick or she was a very naughty girl. It turned out to be a bit of
both and a few other factors that I wasn't even putting into the equation.

	The other shot showed the teen from the back, her hands now holding her
swollen, crimson ass cheeks apart to display what was left of her rectum which
had been distended to the point that it was actually popping out from her
sphincter. For the first time I saw the marks of either a cane, probably the
same one as was used on her mother, or possibly a length of electrical cabling,
the medium kind that you could wrap around your fist to really deliver some
major pain. I once saw a picture of a prostitute that had been giving the local
authorities a hard time, and had been shown the error of her ways. They used
electrical cables on her, two cops at a time, until she was one big bruise and
could have passed for Barney the dinosaur.

	I looked up into the eyes of my hostess who had been watching the
expressions on my face as I leafed through the pictures. "Kind of ugly, aren't
they." she said. I nodded and kept my mouth shut, figuring she was going to
spill the beans about what caused this little massacre. She did, and it wasn't a
pretty tale.

	"I hired this guy a couple of months ago. At first he seemed to be
working out fine. Miriam, my daughter who is severely repressed sexually, was
showing signs of coming out of her funk when it came to getting laid, and Karen,
who takes after her granny, was beginning to calm down and not needing to get
fucked every other hour, at least that's what I thought. Of course both of them
were taking some discipline almost daily, especially Miriam. He would make her
strip down and stand with her arms straight up over her head. Then he'd tear
into her with either his strap, buckle first, or the cane. That cane was one
nasty weapon and when he used it on Miriam's tits she would cry all night from
the pain."

	"Karen never got the cane as long as I was around, maybe it was because
he really enjoyed fucking her and she never said no when he wanted to do her.
For discipline, he'd put her over his knee most of the time and use his hand to
turn her ass red, but that's as far as things went. Then I decided to attend a
convention of ex-hookers and madams; that's the way I made enough money to
retire and buy this nice big house just after I turned fifty. I won't say how
many years ago that was. It wasa great time at the convention, I got to meet
lots of old employees and even a few of the ladies that I hooked with before I
started my whore house. I even ate some pussy and turned a few tricks for old
times sake."

	"It was while I was away that the shit hit the fan. What that SOB was
doing to keep a lid on things was to make Miriam do Karen about half the time
she got the urge to get her itch scratched. I found all sorts of pictures of
those two doing the nasty with each other, and it looked as if they both were
having a good time. It was Karen who brought things to a head. She threatened to
tell me about what was really going on unless he started to deliver more meat.
He realized I'd hit the ceiling over the incest part of things, and he was
right. Miriam went into a major funk about then and so he took it out on her
first."

	"According to Karen, he took her mom downstairs to the basement and
strung her up by her wrists. Then he used her like a punching bag for a couple
of days. He'd spend maybe an hour working her over in the morning and then just
before he took Karen off to bed for some anal before he went to sleep, he'd give
Miriam another dose of his fists. Karen was scared that she'd wind up downstairs
as well, so she gave him everything he wanted and didn't complain about
anything."

	"Then he decided to invite a few of his friends over to give him a hand
with both of them. Now Karen was getting hammered front and rear almost the
entire day by dozens of cocks, while Miriam provided lots of fun to the sadists
who liked hurting helpless women. They messed her up awful, you know that from
those photographs. There were others taken showing even worse things happening
to her, but those nobody is going to ever see. After a week of steady punishment
and all the raping they could take, the two of them were totally wasted, but he
wasn't done with them yet."

	"A buddy of his brought over a couple of dogs and set them loose on
first Karen, then her mom. Miriam freaked and had to be beaten senseless before
she calmed down. Karen let the dogs do her as often as they wanted, which was
considerable. Gradually these two mutts wore her to a frazzle, but things got
still worse. The same guy that provided the dogs now brought over a pony and
after half a day that animal was ramming over twelve inches of thick pony dick
up Karen's cunt. Then by the next day he managed to split her asshole open and
proceeded to rip her insides up something terrible. She lost a lot of blood and
this made everyone back off.

	After ransacking the place and stealing everything of value that he
could get his hands on, this mother fucker left for parts unknown. I realized
when I got back and found the mess and the messed up pair that there was no
sense in going to the law because of the bad publicity and perhaps worse because
Karen was a minor. Fortunately I have a friend who sits on the board that runs
this private hospital that I put them in and everything seems to be getting back
to normal."

	I heaved a big sigh when she used the words "getting back to normal".
Based on what I'd heard, she had two people in her care who were so far off the
beaten path, if you'll pardon the pun, that they redefined "weird". There was
this teen who was a budding or perhaps full blown nymphomaniac and her sexually
repressed mother, who now was also dealing with the trauma associated with
incest, rape and major doses of pain. Then to add some spice to the stew there
was this over the hill ex-hooker/madam offering herself up on a silver or was it
platinum platter to yours truly. What's a fella to do?

	"Well, what do you think?" Granny Gooch asked. "Would you like to see
your new quarters and properly introduce yourself to your new boss? I have to be
honest with you, I'm really demanding when it comes to certain things." I sighed
once more and shrugged. Right now this was the only game in town and just maybe
I might get something out of it, especially from my new boss.

	As for the other two; I sure am glad I didn't give up smoking or sell
off my dildo collection, restraints, whips, canes and my trusty rubber hose, the
one that leaves very few marks. I also wondered where I could rent a pony and
maybe a few dogs as well, big ones with the right kind of equipment, perhaps a
Great Dane or one of those nasty mixed breeds. I brightened up considerably at
the thought of little Karen swallowing a pint or so of pony cum while some black
furry friend bored out her once tight asshole and Miriam waited patiently for a
chance to suck all that yummy dog cum from her daughter's shitter. Life was
good,at least for some folks.




				Help Wanted


				 Chapter 3



	All good things must come to an end, and so it was with regards to the
business and personal relationship I had with my former employer, Granny Gooch.
After nearly two months in her employ, Granny and I decided to terminate our
business arrangement, although she was still hot to trot when it came to our
personal relationship. I had to admit that considering this woman was in excess
of sixty years old, she could still deliver in the sack. The problem was she
wanted a lot more deliveries than I could afford to provide when my other duties
were taken into consideration.

	Once Miriam and Karen arrived home from the hospital, I quickly realized
why the SOB I replaced resorted to bringing in his buddies to help him out.
Miriam and her daughter were two fucked-up individuals, and this didn't happen
recently either. It seems that incest ran in the family. Before Miriam had
Karen, for years she and Granny Gooch didn't miss a day without displaying their
affection for each other in lengthy sessions of sixty-nine and round robins
featuring vibrators, strap-ons and assorted adult toys such as pumps, handcuffs,
leather collars, whips and the like.

	Naturally in this relationship, Miriam was the bottom. She enjoyed this
so much that when Karen got old enough to play, Miriam had a difficult time
making it as the dominant member of that pair. It was this problem that made her
seem reluctant to engage in doing what comes unnaturally. My predecessor just
pushed her to the breaking point with his approach to handling the demands that
Karen was putting on him when it came to doing the nasty.

	I foolishly thought that bringing in some outside help in the form of a
pony and a couple of big dogs would easily solve this problem. I had gravely
miscalculated, and was unable to keep up with the demands from these two
fucked-up ladies, plus my semi-nympho employer who hounded me day and night for
all I could give and then some.

	Both Karen and Miriam took more of my time than I had originally planned
for. That little girl was a sponge when it came to sex. Not only was she a
handful for me to take care of, in addition that little bundle of sex-crazed
flesh totally wore out the pony I rented to keep her busy. Toward the end that
poor creature would literally try to hide in its stall when she approached for
one of her daily outings with it. Karen swallowed so much pony cum that she
gained ten pounds in the two months she was under my care.

	I will admit that the two dogs I rented did a hell of a job satisfying
most of that little girl's itches. Miriam never failed to be around to watch her
little darling and those two mutts go at it for hours on end. She really got
into things to the point that whenever they sort of started to lose interest in
porking Karen's asshole or cunt, she'd get busy on their cocks and suck them
back to life for another round of fun and games. Miriam picked up a gut from all
the canine cum she was downing once it had been deposited inside one or the
other of Karen's holes.

	When it came to pain, Miriam was near the top of the scale as far as
enjoying it. If she had her way, I would have finished her off during the first
week she was back. This woman would go out of her way to get into trouble and
then to make matters worse, taunt me that I wasn't man enough to punish her
sufficiently so that she wouldn't do that particular thing again. When I
discussed the matter with Granny, she told me I was on my own, but if I did
serious damage to her daughter, I'd be in big trouble.

	Brute force was not the answer, so I tried more subtle ways of making
Miriam hurt. She took enemas containing all sorts of nasty things, and held them
for up to an hour while I gave her a going over with a strap or perhaps a rubber
hose, working especially on that bulging belly caused by the two or three quart
enema she'd taken. She took the water cure, sometimes as often as two and three
times a day.

	I'd jam a hose down her throat and fill her stomach until it got so big
it would flatten her lungs and cause her to pass out. Sometimes to really drive
her up the wall I'd invite Karen to join us and see how far she could get her
fist up Miriam's cunt. Other times I'd fuck that big titted broad in the ass
while she slowly bloated, looking like she was pregnant. Most of the time I
didn't waste any cum on her since Karen and her granny were both very demanding
customers for whatever my churning balls could deliver.

	I even tried roping Miriam to her bed for an entire day, wrists and
ankles tied so tight to the posts that they'd turn blue after a couple of hours
and by night they would be so swollen that I needed to cut the ropes with a
knife to free her. To keep her entertained while I took care of Karen and her
granny, I'd leave a vibrator churning away inside her cunt and maybe I'd spread
her asshole with a pump-up butt plug for good measure. I'd also encourage Karen
to visit her mom at any time and feel free to use all the goodies I left on the
table beside her bed.

	There would be special lotions and creams that once they contacted human
skin would turn into raging fires that could burn for hours if left unchecked.
Karen loved to rub them into her mom's cunt lips and clit. The little minx would
even release the butt plug so she could work a dollop into her mom's asshole and
then close it off with the inflatable dildo and watch Miriam shreik soundlessly
into the gag I always used to keep the noise down in her room.

	Other times she'd sit besides her helpless mother and see how many pins
she could put into her tits. Her record was two hundred and forty seven in
Miriam's left tit, the slightly larger of the two, done one long and boring
morning when she wasn't in the mood for either the dogs or the pony. Other
favorite spots for needle work were Miriam's cunt lips and clit. She could get
as many as fourteen pins though Miriam's fat clit once it was properly teased
out from its protective hood.

	Karen could always find a way to use up the entire supply of clips and
clamps I'd leave out for her edification and amusement. I had to admit that this
little teaser really had the makings of a major league dominatrix based on the
way she'd use these little nippers on her mom. One day I heard these strange
sounds emanating from the bedroom I'd stashed Miriam.

	I was confronted by the sight of her tongue protruding from her mouth,
three clamps biting into it. Her lips were completely covered by smaller clips.
There were clips covering her ears and hanging from her face, as well as
pinching the flesh of her neck. Rows of clamps covered her cunt lips and one
particularly vicious nipper was eating into her clit. Her tits  looked like an
over-decorated Christmas tree and not only were the nipples clamped, they also
had eight long needles running through each. It must have taken that little
demon three or four hours to bring Miriam to this state.

	I was so impressed I got granny to come and take a look. She said it got
her hot and she expected me to do something about it once I got done
photographing Miriam in this condition. A few of the shots included a smiling
Karen posing besides her agonized victim. I left Miriam to writhe in pain for
the rest of the day. By the time I came round to free her that evening, there
was a huge wet spot between her spread thighs from all the cunt juice that had
leaked from her cunt as she reveled in the pain she was experiencing.

	It was then that I decided that this situation was just too freaky for
this trainer-ringmaster-babysitter-gigolo. A week later I gave Granny Gooch my
notice and stood off her pleas, which turned into threats when she realized I
wasn't gaming her for a raise or some new perk. I couldn't resist one last romp
in the sack with this horny old broad and I will admit that she really showed me
every trick she had ever learned, but I held fast and took my leave. The last
sight I remember of that old former whore and madam, was her flat on her back,
eyes closed and totally exhausted, legs splayed and covered with drying cum, her
well fucked cunt foaming with a combination of her cunt juices and my cum. To
this day I still occasionally wonder whatever became of that weird trio.

	Life goes on despite its little setbacks, and so I once more started
keeping an eye out for another interesting opportunity that might produce
entertainment and some coin of the realm. To my delight I soon discovered an ad
that promised all of the above. It was entitled "Chaperone Wanted". I read
between the lines of this innocuous request and decided to answer it. It read as
follows. "Trustworthy male needed to escort my teenaged step-daughter and her
mother to her cumming out debut to be held in a private home located in the
Southern part of the US. This assignment will require a minimum of one week to
accomplish. Successful candidate will be adequately compensated for his time as
well as having a very unique opportunity to be involved in this very special
event. References required."

	If the man wanted references, he got references. My list included the
names of the directors of the two swing clubs I had membership in, the founder
of the private S&M coven of witches and warlocks to which I belonged, my charter
membership in the International Order of Dominants as well as persons involved
in the production of hard core S&M exhibitions, events and specialty programs.
As luck would have it, one of the names on my lengthy list turned out to be well
known to the client seeking a chaperone. This resulted in an invitation to be
interviewed for the position he had advertised.

	Lamont Welby was a tall, whippet-thin man in his late 40s or early 50s
with a rugged face, piercing eyes that bored like lasers into mine and an
overall grim exterior. We hit it off immediately as I described some of my
previous assignments including the one I had just terminated. He mentioned some
other persons that we knew mutually and finally stated that I was the applicant
he had hoped to find. He then proceededto give me the necessary background to
explain why he felt in need of a chaperone for this new wife and her daughter.
So I sat back, relaxed and listened to what he had to say.

	"I recently got married to a fellow swinger,a woman, Miranda, who I'd
been fucking and sucking for a couple of years. I also inherited her sixteen
year-old daughter, Dina, a fabulous creature with a feisty personality and a
body that borders on the unreal. This teen fuck goddess has a set of 38Ds that
are so firm that you can balance wine glasses on them. She was one of the main
reasons that I married Miranda."

	"Miranda and Dina have been the best of bed buddies ever since the girl
was twelve and began taking lessons in the fine art of pussy eating from her
mother. This relationship is still going strong, but fortunately Dina is
bi-sexual, and so it's essentially a three-way marriage. Another great thing
about Dina is that she has a streak of masochism in her makeup. Miranda and I
have spent many pleasureable hours disciplining Dina rather harshly. Fortunately
for the girl, Miranda spent many years developing techniques for hurting her
daughter while leaving a minimum of physical evidence behind."

	"This was necessitated when Dina started high school and had to strip
down and take showers with her classmates. A few of her buds at school as well
as her PE teacher are aware of her predilection for pain and sometimes take
advantage of this inside information. We've had the PE teacher over on a number
of occasions since she is good-looking, built and goes both ways as well.
Perhaps sometime in the future I'll let you in on the kind of scenes the four of
us do."

	"A few months ago I was invited to spend time at a special get-together
of swingers to be held in the Southern part of the country; specifically in a
county where the age of consent for females is thirteen. I jumped at it since I
am also heavily into very young stuff. I decided this would be a good time to
formally introduce Dina into the swing life. It is not common knowledge, but
teens often join swing clubs in an unofficial capacity if the group is exclusive
and private enough. Her participation in this special meeting would establish
her credentials and make it easy for her to be welcomed into any of the fifty or
so clubs in the country that allowed teens informal entry."

	"As if this wasn't enough for me to attend and bring the family, this
meeting was also hosting a Japanese film crew that would be making a number of
sadomasochistic videos featuring swingers who were into this scene. Naturally my
new wife and her daughter were into this in a big way and were wetting their
panties about the prospect of working in one of them if the opportunity
presented itself. To add frosting to the cake there would be a group devoted to
what they called "bonsai" pedophilia who would be meeting jointly with us. I
could hardly wait for the chance to add a few more moppets to my list of
bedmates."

	I'd never heard that term before so I asked for the lowdown on what
bonsai pedophilia meant. His explanation blew me away. It seems that there was
an underground movement taking place in many parts of the country that was using
certain drugs to either inhibit or cause puberty to go into regression. Enough
data had been collected and shared among these folks so that they could now
produce what they called "bonsai" moppets.

	If the drug regime was started at least two years before the onset of
puberty, it could be delayed from between three to five years. On the other side
of the coin, total regression was limited to two years from the true age.
Imagine fucking a seventeen year-old who looked like she was twelve. Now that
was something that caught my attention immediately. Imagine being free and clear
of statutory rape provided you did the deed in a county or state where the age
of consent was lower than eighten. It gave one pause to contemplate.

	On the extreme end of things there were those who had no problem nailing
a thirteen year-old who looked like she was eight! Personally I thought that was
a bit much, even for a libertarian like myself, but it takes all kinds. In fact
there was an extreme end to the extreme end that turned my stomach.

	Some practioners of the art had now gotten hold of new drugs that went
beyond causing a delay in physical maturation, they also had the same effect on
mental development. In truth these poor creatures not only looked much younger
than they were, their intellectual capabilities had also been impeded in the
search for even more authenticity. In truth those involved in this type of
activity were shunned by the rest of the pedo community, which gave me some
comfort.

	My host continued to clue me in on things, and I shut up and listened.
As it turned out to his dismay, he discovered that he had to be in Tokyo the
very same week he was due to attend the swingers meeting. Naturally there was no
way that he was going to get away with not allowing his wife and her daughter to
attend this very special get-together; thus the need for a chaperone, one
knowledgeable about the ways of swingers and canny enough to make sure that
neither of his ladies got themselves into hot water. That's where I came in.

	He assured me that if Miranda or Dina hit on me there would be no
consequences if I gave into their demands. To all extents and purposes, I was
also to be his surrogate at the get-together. I would receive a first class
round trip ticket as well as his company credit card to take care of such items
as a rental car, and miscellaneous extras, whatever they might turn out to be.
Our lodging was being taken care of by the meeting organizers. I was expected to
escort his ladiesto the meeting the day after tomorrow.



				(To be continued) 




					Help Wanted


					 Chapter 4


	Our trip to the meeting place was relatively uneventful. My charges sat
across the aisle from me in first class talking and occasionally whispering as
the jet ate up the miles. Both were casually attired and wore designer
sunglasses that they never removed.  Dina was hiding her spectacular body
beneath a flashy exercise outfit consisting of long pants and a matching jacket
over a tight sweatshirt. Her mom was wearing a leather vest over a patterned
western shirt that had the top two buttons open to give any lucky passenger who
walked down the aisle a good view of her outstanding cleavage. Big tits ran in
that family, no doubt about it. Jeans, boots and a matching leather tote bag
completed her ensemble.

	It took another two hours to drive to the location of the meeting. I had
to admit that it was quite a layout; there was a group of buildings surrounded
by a fence that had but a single gate. We showed the passes we had been given
and the squawk box gave us directions to the main building which looked like a
rustic hotel.

	During the entire trip the two of them had studiously ignored me. It was
evident that they were not exactly thrilled by my presence. I took no offense,
realizing that my value to them would only be demonstrated if something went
wrong. We were directed to our quarters, a suite of rooms that allowed us plenty
of privacy both from the other guests as well as ourselves. After freshing up we
joined the rest of the folks for drinks and some conversation. I recogized a
number of people I'd met before at various functions and we chewed the fat while
waiting for dinner.

	After dinner our hosts outlined the program that had been prepared and
announced that Dina would be made available for a gangbang in about an hour. I
looked over at her and for the first time she acted like a teenager and not some
hardened, jaded swinger such as her mother. Her eyes had gotten real big and she
was nervously chewing on her lower lip. I could pretty much figure out what must
be going through her mind. It was one thing to be doing the nasty with a few
friends or family members where everyone was comfortable with each other. It was
an entirely different matter to be confronted by an army of strangers who seemed
only interested in wringing their pleasure from your body without any concern
for your enjoyment.

	According to what I'd picked up at the cocktail party, Dina's initiation
would probably last anywhere from twelve to eighteen hours, depending on how
many folks signed up for this little event plus some late comers who would be
coming in from other swing clubs just for this part of the program. A skinny
fourteen year-old had set the record many years ago by being gangbanged for
twenty-seven hours. She is currently working in porn doing gangbang videos, and
is very successful despite the fact that she never filled out. Many claim this
is the reason for her big following since she still looks like she's underage.

	By the time Miranda and I ushered her naked and handcuffed daughter into
the huge recreation room, over sixty people had signed up for her initiation.
Perhaps as many as fifteen additional swingers were coming from the surrounding
area sometime during the night. The gangbang was going to be taped and sold to
the Japanese underground market. The proceeds from that transaction would be
considered to be her entry fee into the world of upscale swinging. I was taken
by the number of women who had entered the lists; evidently news gets around
fast when they find out that the guest of honor goes both ways.

	From the way Dina was acting, her mother must have given her something
to pep her up for the long night ahead. That was not too good of an idea, since
excess energy was the last thing the girl needed right now. To make matters
worse it seemed to bring out the spitfire in her personality. She was doing
everything but coming right out and daring them to do their worst. Many of them
got the message and that boded no good for her.

	So while Dina's cunt and asshole were widened and deepened by a variety
of real-life cocks and artificial implements made of rubber and plastic, I made
a few contacts with those ladies not yet involved in taming Dina's spirit or
worse. A pair of fifty somethings who looked like a couple of matronly school
teachers enticed me to visit their digs so they could show me their etchings.
Since at the time neither was wearing anything but their underwear which didn't
do much to hide their pot bellies, marbled thighs and sagging tits, I knew what
I was getting into and just hoped that they would be the grateful type that did
anything I wanted to do to them in exchange for my company. I was proved correct
and a great time was had by all.

	On the way to their rooms I was molested constantly from the time we
entered the elevator until we got to their suite. By then they had my cock out
of my trousers and while one fumbled with the key, her companion took the
opportunity to see how much of her tongue she could get inside my mouth while
with her hands she gently fondled my balls and jacked my cock to full hardness,
bringing a sigh from them both. "We got ourselves a live one, look at that
wanger." the one opening the door remarked. All I could do was grin and hope for
the best.

	My daddy didn't raise any fool when it came to picking and choosing
ladies for sex. He used to pound it into me that looks were deceiving when it
came to a good fuck. He'd always tell me to remember that enthusiasm and
knowledge beat looks all to hell when it came to getting off. These two ladies
were living proof of that old adage. Florence and Fanny, I swear that's the
names they gave me when I asked, knew what they were doing.

	Those two older women with their pot bellies and sagging tits proceeded
to give me an alternating blow job that damn near took the top of my head off
when I finally shot my wad into Fanny's suctioning mouth as Florence grinned and
jacked my stiff dick to make sure I put every bit of that boiling load of cum
into her partner's mouth. Then they took turns tansferring it back and forth
until it was so diluted it looked like spit. They didn't waste any time getting
me back into condition so I could take turns doing them in the ass. Now that was
a pleasant time as their assholes were nice and tight, a better, more
comfortable fit that a lot of younger cunts that I'd nailed. This time when I
came, it was inside Florence's tight warm asshole.

	Once again they did something that really kept me hot and bothered.
Fanny glued her mouth to her friend's bunghole and suctioned away until she had
a mouthful of my cum. Then I watched, almost bemused, as they swapped that
mixture of cum and other material that I had stirred up inside Florence's
asshole back and forth until they had it pretty much split half and half. Then
they looked at each other, winked and simultaneously gulped down the glob of goo
they each had in her mouth.

	We took a short break and I discovered that indeed these two ladies were
actually school teachers. They both taught in the same high school down in the
Ozarks. I found out that they had very active sex lives since there was a huge
pool of teenage cock available that wasn't too particular about their looks but
happy as hell about having some skilled but seasoned pussy, asshole and mouth
ready and eager to help them become men. I was then treated to a combination
featuring plenty of outstanding rimming and another alternating blowjob that had
me absolutely rock hard in a matter of five minutes.

	In the next hour I managed to dump two loads of cum into their willing
cunts. I begged off at that point, telling them that I had to make sure that
Dina was being treated properly as those folks downstairs gangbanged her until
her eyes crossed. They hardly noticed my departure since they were locked in a
passionate sixty-nine, tongues probing deep for any remnants of the cum I'd
blasted deep into their sloppy fuck boxes.

	I arrived just as they were bringing a rather subdued Dina back for more
fucking. She had been in the bathroom getting a huge ice water enema, which they
told me she had held for twenty minutes thanks to the inflatable butt plug that
had been jammed up her asshole. During that time her well-fucked cunt had been
cleaned out with a special mixture known as the Mexican whores' douche. I heard
she had cried like a baby while it ate up the insides of her cunt, making sure
that no sperm survived the fire storm it created in that sore tunnel, as well as
disease germs that may have come from those who objected to using condoms.

	Even if she hadn't been on the pill, a number of ladies who hadn't had a
chance to get at her with their strap-ons took this opportunity to fist her
tired cunt. A few went so deep that they managed to put a tilt in her uterus,
guaranteeing that she wouldn't be able to conceive for at least another month or
so, which was the time it usually took for the uterus to recover back to its
normal state. Once she got done dumping the enema she was used as a cunt rag by
all the ladies who had gotten themselves fucked by others during her gangbang.

	While I was hanging around watching the preparations being made for the
next portion of Dina's gangbang, I noticed all the polaroids tacked to this huge
bulletin board on one of the walls. Each picture showed a person using Dina in
one way or another. Some were buried to the hilt in her cunt or asshole, others
were throat fucking her and a couple were even tit fucking the teen. Down at the
bottom of the picture was a date and time stamp. Someone told me that this
entire collage of who did what to her would be contained in a scrapbook that
each attendee was to receive. Now that showed some class as far as I was
concerned. I also made a mental note to see if I could sneak in and tear off a
piece of that hot-boxed teen before the gangbang got finished.

	She certainly had lost her feistiness for the moment. Soon she was on
her back taking a long thick cock that began pummeling her tired twat with
vigorous strokes as her fantastic jugs bounced in rhythm to the mauling her cunt
was absorbing. I noticed that I was being checked out by a thin, flat-chested
brunette who was licking her lips in an obvious effort to get my attention. I
remembered that someone had told me that she had a fourteen year-old daughter
with her who fucked like a mink and also enjoyed going down on her mother every
chance she got.

	I located her husband  on the line of studs waiting for a crack at
Dina's hot, wet snatch. I went over and introduced myself to him and asked if he
had any problem with me going with his wife up to their suite. He grinned and
shook his head. "I'm hanging around here until I get my turn, and then I'm
getting right back on the line for another shot at this teen sex machine. Just
you make sure to give it to her in the ass; she loves it up the ass, the harder
the better. Also look out for our kid, that one will drain you dry if you're not
careful"

	I responded by telling him I was supposed to be keeping an eye on Dina,
and appreciated the fact he was going to be looking out for her while I nailed
his wife and daughter. Once again he warned me about his daughter. "Look out for
that little cunt, she's a regular maneater. I can't seem to ever give her enough
cock anymore. I'm thinking of getting her one of those trained dogs to make sure
she gets properly satisfied and stops trying to wear me out. I got
responsibilities to more than just her and her mother; she doesn't seem to
understand that yet. I should have started taking the strap to her years ago,
maybe none of this would have happened if I'd tanned her hide regularly instead
of giving in and fucking that tight twat all the time."  I shook my head and
shrugged at his comments.

	Marsha and I went up to her quarters where she introduced me to Linda,
the teen fuck machine. I immediately put her to the test. So, while she ate her
mother's cunt with gusto, I drilled her tight pussy from behind as she lay
prone, and took my time about dumping a load into that hot box. My previous
activities helped keep me from blowing my wad too soon. Little Linda was
beginning to get a little tense as I just kept pounding her tight teen twat with
good solid strokes.

	 All good things come to an end and finally I had to release my load of
boiling cum into the teen's tight fuck box. She continued to worm her tongue up
into her mom's cunt, so I rolled off and watched her work that talented tongue
in and out of Marsha's fat lipped cunt. The flat-chested brunette shuddered
through a nice big orgasm and heaved a contented sigh when she came down from
the high she'd been on.

	 Linda flipped over and I got a good look at this sex-bomb of a teen.
The girl was absolutely flat, no tits at all; obviously the lack of tits had
something to do with the family genes. Her cunt was totally devoid of hair as
well, making her look even more child-like. Mom had something to do with this as
well, but in this case it was due to her having Linda undergo frequent and very
painful bikini waxes as well as monthly electrolysis treatments at a lesbian
operated beauty parlor that swapped their services for Linda's fast tongue on
the owner's cunt for a time equal to that spent giving the girl her treatment.

	Marsha got busy and didn't waste any time getting me hard with her mouth
and tongue plus some hand action that was outstanding. I was tempted to just lay
back and let her jack me to a nice creamy finish, but that would have been a bit
on the selfish side considering the hospitality she had extended to me. When I
suggested she let me go up her asshole, she smiled and replied, "I love anal.
Pound me good, I love the pain!"

	Pound her I did. She was on her belly with her head buried in her
daughter's crotch, her tongue noisily working to get some of that last load I'd
injected into the skinny teen. I jack-hammered her asshole with deep strokes as
she held her flat ass cheeks apart to give me easier access to her shit hole.
"How do you stay so slim?" I asked as I slowed down the pace, giving her even
deeper and more powerful thrusts, just not as many. Linda laughed and replied,
"She has any excess weight fucked off her almost every night." It was my turn to
laugh, then pick up the pace, drilling Marsha's asshole out with quick, hard
strokes as I got closer and closer to coming.

	The thin flat-chested woman pressed her thighs together to provide a
little more resistance and increase the pressure on my dick as it bored
relentlessly in and out of her back hole. It only took a few more minutes of
steady stroking for my cock to spit out another load of watery cum deep inside
her shit pipe. "God, I'm gonna be good and sore tomorrow morning." she said as I
pulled my spent dick from her grasping asshole making a loud popping sound as it
came free.

	To my surprise her daughter made a bee line for my joint and started
sucking the cum and ass juice from it. By now I was in a kind of sexual feeding
frenzy, my dick remaining hard and eager for more flesh to fuck. I looked into
the girl's eyes and said, "You keep me hard and I'll fuck your asshole good and
hard, you little pig. I'll turn that bunghole of yours inside out before I'm
done with you." She gave me a big grin and went to work on my stiff rod with a
dedication that was amazing.

	Marsha got back into gear and thrust her cunt into Linda's face. I
worked to ream out her tight young asshole, slapping that flat ass with the
palms of my hands to keep her working to get me off. Her hips swiveled to pump
that hot, tight shit shute back and forth over my pistoning cock. It took nearly
ten minutes before I got off once more, depositing a modest load of waterery cum
into the girl's colon, then almost collapsing on her thin frame which sank down
into the bed from my weight.

	I think I went to sleep for a short while, because the next thing I
recall was Linda jacking off my cock into her mother's suctioning mouth. "You
just relax and let me and mom get you up one more time so you can give mom a
real good sleeping pill to make her have a nice restful night." I was amazed at
the concern Linda seemed to be showing towards her mother, who was obviously as
sex-crazed as she was.

	Somehow I got one more erection and Marsha put it to good use, riding me
in reverse cowgirl position, thankfully doing most of the work this time around.
Linda did her part by getting down between my spread thighs and licking my balls
with a skill that was unusual for one so young. I'll bet her father had spent
lots of time training her how to do this little trick. I don't remember how long
it took before I gave up a small load, but it seemed to do the trick for Marsha,
who rolled off and lay flat on her back with her arms outstretched as if in
surrender. Linda moved around so she was once more lapping away at the woman's
red, raw cunt. I decided to get up rather than remain on the bed and fall back
to sleep. I had to look in on Dina before checking out for the night.

	I dragged my tired ass down to the rec room just in time to witness Dina
being strapped onto a modified gyno examination table. Her raw pussy and swollen
asshole were easily accessible thanks to the wings that extended from the sides
of the table and held Dina's splayed legs. Now she could be fucked deep and hard
from a standing position, which some preferred. Of course there was no
opportunity for both her holes to be reamed out simultaneously, but at this time
of night the line to fuck her was somewhat shorter. I watched as one of the
members who evidently was a doctor shot her up with a combination of sex
stimulants and probably something like Dexedrine to get her heart pumping at a
good fast rate. That was preferable to meth, which was becoming very popular in
the swing world when a gangbang was in progress and the woman needed a little
kick to keep going.

	The drugs took hold rapidly; Dina started shouting for someone to fuck
her.She didn't understand it yet, but things would go quite badly for her during
the wee hours of the morning when only the hard core sex addicts would be
working on her naked body, doing their best to ruin the teen's insides as they
mercilessly torture-fucked her three holes.

	Even as I thought about what lay in store for her, a guy clambered up on
the table and grabbed her hair to use like reins as he started to choke-fuck her
throat. Nothing but strange, squawking sounds came from her tightly plugged
throat as her face began to take on a dark coloration. I looked around for the
gangbang spotter and heaved a sigh of relief when I saw him with his eyes
focused on what was happening to the big-titted teen.

	I watched as a beefy woman wearing nothing but an enormous strap-on took
up her position between Dina's spread thighs. A bystander laughed and said,
"Wait until Connie gets her tool into big mouth; she'll be begging for mercy
inside a minute, especially if Connie has coated that monster with some hot
sauce. That little bitch will think her cunt just swallowed a blowtorch." Dina
started grunting and moaning despite the length of hard dick that was moving in
and out of her convulsing throat.

	I asked a few of those still waiting a turn if they had seen Miranda
around the premises. One said that she had taken off about an hour ago with
three studs who wanted her to go to their suite with them. That was the best
information I could get, and so I trundled off to sleep the sleep of one who has
fucked his brains out.



				(To be continued)     




				     Help Wanted


				      Chapter 5


	The next morning, on my way to breakfast I checked in on Dina. An older
guy was tit fucking her while a young stud was drilling out her asshole. Dina
was real quiet. From the looks of her swollen cunt, she had been through a very
rough night and early morning. Things would not get any better for the teen. I
wondered if she had a chance to set a new record for duration; they'd been going
at her for over twelve hours now and there already was a long line of of men and
women waiting for a crack at her this morning. As for me, I had better things to
do with my time than stand in some long line waiting to fuck some cum bucket who
probably didn't know her own name by now. I'd have a better time with a blowup
doll as far as I was concerned.

	I was really looking forward toward a good day. After breakfast I was
going to visit a group of pedophiles who had set up shop near here. These were
the bonsai types who kept their girls from achieving puberty with drugs, thereby
neatly getting around the local statutes about the age of consent. I knew for a
fact that this little out of the way county in the deep South had an age of
consent that was thirteen. So what if the thirteen year-old looked like she was
ten, it was the birth certificate that counted, not how old she looked. I was
naturally curious to see what one of these bonsai moppets looked like; besides,
drilling out that flat chested fourteen year-old fuck machine last night had
whetted my appetite for more young stuff.

	At breakfast I struck up a conversation with a plump brunette who was
part of  the video crew covering Dina's gangbang. She had worked the night shift
and so I got her view of the activities that took place while the rest of us
were occupied in sleeping or screwing.  With the drugs, plus her youth and
strength, Dina was a handful. Someone suggested that they sweat the fight out of
her. A couple of extra arc lights were brought in and turned on, improving the
lighting for the crew as an additional bonus. A space heater was located and set
up to the side of where Dina was holding court. A fan was used to blow the hot
air across the teen's bare body.

	While she sweated under the bright lights, a quartet of older women who
had come over from another swing club occupied Dina exclusively for the next
hour as she lay in a pool of perspiration that grew wider with time. One by one
they sat on the teen's face and made her suck out the large amounts of cum that
had been fucked into them previously. While this was going on, there was always
one member of the quartet reaming out Dina's cunt with a strap-on or a hand held
dildo.

	The other ladies would occupy themselves by forcing objects such as
bottles into the girl's asshole once they had fisted it long enough to make her
gape. One of the ladies took an interest in Dina's breasts and tormented them
with cruel pinches when she got tired of biting them or seeing how far she could
stretch the nipples. In spite of the rough treatment, or perhaps because of it,
Dina had at last a couple of very powerful orgasms that added to her exhaustion.

	When she asked for some water to slake her growing thirst, the ladies
compromised by offering her a mason jar filled to the brim with their urine.
Dina didn't start drinking that until a pocket rocket vibrator was held against
her swollen clitoris, sore from the almost continuous sucking it had received
from them. Finally they got tired of tormenting the helpless teen, and left for
home. Then the men moved back in like sharks surrounding a wounded fish, and
resumed fucking her senseless as she was forced to suck cock after cock to
guarantee that there would always be a fresh dick to continue the brutal
battering her cunt was absorbing.

	Some time during the early morning one of the Japanese video makers
dropped by to add his cum to the other loads that filled Dina's cunt. He spoke
English and struck up a conversation with the gangbang spotter, the person
responsible for making sure that nothing bad happened to the star attraction.
When the spotter called for a bathroom break for Dina, who really didn't need
one, the Jap went with them. He asked the video crew person to join them,
telling her that she would get some great footage. He wasn't kidding. A special
pump was used to give Dina an enormous enema as she lay on the bathroom floor,
her legs pulled up and back over her head.

	An inflatable butt plug was inserted into her asshole to hold the enema.
She appeared to be about six months pregnant from the looks of her swollen
belly. Dina then took a fist up her cunt. A trio of men from the gangbang party
now stood over her and began pissing, covering her face, breasts and belly. It
was a truly depraved scene worthy of a German hardcore porno film. When they
were done, she got a major fisting that made her scream in agony. Someone found
a pair of panties in the hamper and stuffed them into the teen's mouth to
prevent her from disturbing those sleeping nearby. Afterward she took a douche
designed to dry up her cunt, which would make further fucking very painful. Then
they brought her back out and put her under the hot lights once more so that the
gangbang could resume.

	It certainly was an interesting story, but all I could do was shrug my
shoulders and say that Dina's mother was the one responsible for her welfare and
safety. I was just a hired hand who went along and did what she told me to do.
This was not exactly the truth, but so far I hadn't heard or seen anything that
would warrant me taking any action. It seemed that no one had seen Miranda since
she left with the three young studs that promised to fuck her brains out, and
evidently were keeping their promise. Little did I know that Miranda was
partying with the rest of the Japanese video crew and providing all the American
pussy they could handle.

	Security was impressive at the huge home where the moppets and their
parents or handlers were staying. It was very busy inside as crews made  porn
videos in a number of interior and exterior locations that featured the bonsai
moppets doing their thing with each other and adults as well. Those not involved
in the videos were being kept quite busy by sponsoring pedophiles and their
friends. It was also apparent that some of the little tykes were prostitutes,
with one or both parents pimping for them. All told there were probably twenty
girls here and they appeared to range in age from nine to twelve. Of interest,
prominently displayed, was a cork board that showed photos of each girl and a
copy of her birth certificate. In all cases the moppets here were no younger
than thirteen and in a few cases, as old as sixteen. I found this hard to
believe, but there it was in living color.

	I located my contact, who turned out to be a very tall and very naked
blonde in her late thirties or perhaps early forties with a set of enhanced tits
that had to be at least 39Ds. She quickly offered me a choice of her two
daughters who were "ten" and "twelve" years-old as far as looks were concerned.
I made a mental note  to check their birth certificates before I left this
little soiree.

	"Honey is currently acting as part of the entertainment and welcoming
committee. She's presently roped to a bed on the third floor. We've been getting
a lot of good still pictures of her being taken in a number of very interesting
positions. It's truly amazing how flexible they are at this age. I could not
dream of assuming some of the poses that she does without showing any sign of
distress whatsoever. She's been whipped soundly from neck to knees with a strap
to add another element of forced sex into her activities. Despite what you may
see, my little girl thoroughly enjoys everything that is being done to her." I
nodded my agreement with what she claimed, thinking about Dina and her tastes in
sex and pain.

	The blonde continued extolling the virtues of her two children. "Honey,
despite her youth, is an incurable nymphomaniac and adores anal intercourse. I
fear that latter characteristic is an inherited trait from her mother. Sugar, on
the other hand, she 's the younger of the two, is still shy about anal sex, but
she just loves to have her tight little cunny stretched by adult cocks. No boys
for my little strumpet." She laughed after finishing her spiel. I took the bull
by the horns and suggested a three-way involving Sugar and her most attractive
mother. Candi, that was her name so she claimed, was delighted to accept my
offer and we adjourned to their quarters for a session that lasted for a couple
of hours and could only be described as fantastic!

	The two sweeties (I couldn't resist) had me on my back, Candi slowly
licking and sucking my cock as it grew and hardened. Sugar had climbed upon my
chest and lowered her hairless cunt down on to my face. I'd never eaten preteen
pussy before, and this was a great experience despite whatever her age turned
out to be. I licked her perfectly smooth cunt lips and nibbled at the rubbery
flesh until she squirmed and gave a little girl giggle that got my cock even
harder, if such a thing were possible.

	I could detect only a very faint trace of saltiness as I sucked with a
great deal of determination, wondering if I'd soak up the kind of cunt juice I
was used to getting from those older. Sugar pressed her pussy to my mouth and
rotated her hips to give me a treat that was most unique; I'd never had my face
washed with a pussy before and the sensation was terrific. I started imagining
what it might be like to curl up with this down covered ball of smooth flesh on
a reguar basis and caught myself. This was a a little girl, a moppet, despite
her birth certificate. What had started  as a curious adventure was turning into
something else,and it made me feel uneasy.

	To break the mood I bit down on the region where I knew her clit was
hiding, as immature as it might be. I got the surprise of my life,when she
gasped and flooded my face with girl juice. Her mother sensed that what was
happening to her little daughter was a bit out of the ordinary and moved to
protect her from me. I merely rolled over and played dead, to coin a phrase,
trying to convince her that I was no predator. Sugar saved my bacon by squealing
at the top of her girlish lungs, "Oh mommy, he does that so good. I just had a
big gusher and it felt wonderful and weird all at the same time."  Candi patted
my belly affectionately and resumed going down on me, while I tried to get Sugar
to give up her goodies one more time before I settled down and gave her a nice,
slow, gentle ride as befitted one so youthful.

	"Do me good and hard!" my little companion decreed as my hard cock sank
slowly between her thin, rubbery cunt lips and began making the trip through her
tight, immature tunnel, on the way to the entrance to her womb that would remain
unoccupied for many years to come. While the tyke grunted and sighed, Candi's
tongue moved over my tight scrotum, then her mouth captured first one and then
the other testicle, giving them very gentle suctioning and licking them until
they glistened once she had spit them out. Inch by inch my cock wormed its way
inside the girl's damp,(not moist, damp) cunt. Her blue eyes were wide open and
she licked her lips every time I made a further inroad. I wasn't sure if that
licking was from nervousness or pleasure, but I kept on pressing into her
yielding flesh until at last I touched bottom.

	Now that I had her twat properly measured, I pulled back out until only
the head of my cock was stretching those thin almost bloodless cunt lips. She
was staring me in the eyes, her face calm.Then I shifted my hips and thrust into
her, pulling my punch, so to speak. Her eyes got wider and she licked her lips
as I penetrated her to the limit. It now was her turn to shift her body to get
more comfortable so she could handle my cock like a woman, rather than a little
girl. Who exactly I was fucking was still a great mystery to me. Candi didn't
help matters by retiring to the sidelines and becoming nothing more than a
spectator as Sugar and I fought it out.

	I planted the flag a number of times, using long strokes to bury the
bone in that super tight twat. She took a slight increase in speed and power
without any complaint. I now settled into a rhythm that consisted of a number of
quick strokes that penetrated her about half way, followed by a series of long,
slower thrusts that touched bottom. Soon she was pushing upwards to match my
thrusts, trying to make each stroke bump against her cervix. Then she stared at
the ceiling, took a deep breath and urged me to give her everything I had. Just
before I shifted gears and got ready to give this little vixen some
turbo-fucking, I heard Candi clapping her hands excitedly and cheering on her
little girl-woman.

	Something went off inside my head and I started to slam it into this
little cock teaser with a will and a way. Her skinny body bounced around like a
puppet with its strings half cut away, but I was glued to her cunt and drilling
her for all I was worth. In my frenzy I bent forward, reached beneath her flat
ass and scooped her little body off the bed, so I was now fucking the girl in
midair, slamming her tight twat up and down on my stiff prong that felt as if it
was about to explode from the bizarre occurrences that were now taking  place.
Little Sugar had a look on her face that was a mixture of rapture and utter
fear. I wonder what I must have looked like just before I released an ocean of
cum into the girl's spasming fuck box. It was epic! I would never, ever forget
this cataclysmic event as long as I lived.

	As I lay on my back trying to recover from what I had just experienced,
Candi crawled over and began administering mouth to cock recusitation to me. She
licked and sucked my slimy dick until it glistened with her saliva. My tiny
fuck-buddy, her little swollen cunt leaking lots of my little wigglers, piped up
and asked a question that blew me away. "Mommy, do you want to suck his cum out
of my little cunny? It's really full and some of it is dripping out of me
already." Soon the two of them were locked in a sixty-nine position, Sugar on
top, as she mother noisily suctioned my cum from her daughter's cunt.

	Sugar came up for air from between her mother's thighs after a few
minutes of enthusiastic sucking and asked, "Are you going to fuck mommy in the
ass? She really likes it that way." Candi had a hard tme speaking with her mouth
full, but she tore herself away from Sugar's dripping cunt long enough to  laugh
and say, "Out of the mouths of babes. She is so right. I love it in the ass!" 
Her daughter gave me a mischevious grin and crooked her finger towards me. I got
over there as fast as I could and enjoyed the treat she dished out to my
half-hard joint. Sugar covered the head wth little kisses and then her pebbled
tongue took a turn at stimulating that sensitive region of my cock. While I
slowly hardened, Candi filled me in about her girls and the rest of the family.

	She married at twenty, had Honey six years later and Sugar two years
afterward. Her tubes were tied shortly after she recovered from the birth of her
second daughter. She always enjoyed anal intercourse, even remembering with a
great deal of plessure her first experience that involved one of her many uncles
who took her anal cherry when she was but fourteen. He was the first of many
dozens who enjoyed her tight tunnel without fear of an unwanted pregnancy.
During those times HIV was just a very small cloud on the horizon and seemed to
be the exclusive province of gay  men.

	Her husband proved to be a match made in heaven; his cock was perfect
for anal activities and he had outstanding technique when it came to maximizing
her pleasure when he took her in this manner. So strictly as a birth control
measure she began to  take it up the ass exclusively, except during her periods.
Her husband really loved this arrangement and she got a charge out of providing
as much pussy as he could handle during that four or five day time each month.
Plenty of sex seemed to get rid of those nasty cramps and bad feelings that
other women complained about to her when they had their periods.

	It turned out that Honey was one of the early bonsai moppets, going on
the drugs just before she turned twelve. Since then she has remained a close
approximation of what she was when she began to take the various concoctions
that stopped puberty dead in its tracks. Just prior to going on the regimen, her
father, ably assisted by Candi, had begun introducing her into the mysteries of
sex in all its myriad forms. Honey took to this new world with an enthusiasm
that was breathtaking. Like her mother, she developed a taste for anal
intercourse , unlike her younger sibling who still has adopted a wait and see
approach to the subject.

	Sugar began the drugs when she was ten and has not aged a day since.
Excluding her reluctance to perform anal intercourse, she has developed a
voracious appetite for sex with both sexes, which makes her parents very  happy.
Candi explained that she keeps a record of every sex partner her girls have been
with. Their names and the first date on which it occurred is recorded in a
leather bound folder that she keeps in the family safe deposit box. I was
stunned when she calmly observed that Honey has been with nearly four hundred
and fifty different sex partners, many of them more than once. She bragged that
at this little get-together Honey had made eighteen new "friends" as of this
morning, and that number had likely increased since she had last seen the girl.
She also proudly observed that her husband was number one and she, two.

	Looking at me with a big smile she added, "You are Sugar's one hundrd
and eighty-third friend. She hasn't had as much time to connect with potential
friends as her sister, but I'm sure that friend five hundred will be along in
less than another two years considering the appetite for things sexual that my
little strumpet displays." My head was beginning to hurt as I tried to figure
out what all these numbers meant and how old these two sex bombs were
chronologically.

	Candi continued to overwhelm me with all sorts of information about her
family. Both her daughters were in the child porn business; Honey was considered
to be a star and her sister one to look out for in the near future. The reason
that her husband was not attending this meeting was because he had gone to Tokyo
to negotiate a multi-video deal with the Japanese who would bankroll the effort
in return for a cut of the proceeds and the rights to market the videos in Japan
and the rest of the Far East. Although child porn was in principle banned from
most of Asia, it was very easy to obtain the material if one had any kind of a
connection at all. "My husband and I also work in  some of the videos, properly
disguised I might add. As for the children, they love appearing before the
camera." The more she talked,the more freaky things seemed to be. If I thought
Miranda and Dina were freaks, what category did this hot looking blonde and her
family fit into?


				(To be continued)




				Help Wanted


				  Chapter 6


	All the talk concerning how many sex partners her two kids had, made me
wonder if she kept any records on who had done her since she started putting out
the pussy. She must have read my mind because she gave me a big smile, took a
deep breath that made those knockers look like they were about to float off her
chest and declared that she had been taken by well over a thousand separate
partners since her uncle had popped her cherry some twenty odd years ago. In her
case dear old dad was a bit late getting on her train; he checked in at number
thirty-seven, two behind his wife who had begun nailing Candy a month before he
finally got wise about what he had living under his roof.

	He wasted no time trying to catch up on his lost opportunities. It
helped that he had an understanding wife who also went both ways. For damned
near a month they kept Candy busy almost around the clock. It went so far that
they pulled the girl from school for three weeks and dad took two weeks of
vacation plus another week's worth of sick time so he could see how many times a
day he could nail his daughter. During that honeymoon period, as Candy described
it, the only thing she wore was a big smile and a tampon during her monthlies.
She considers it miraculous that she managed to avoid becoming pregnant
considering all the cock he was putting to her. Perhaps it was due to the fact
that a man his age couldn't cum five and six times a day steady without
significantly lowering his sperm count.

	Candy skipped over the next twenty years in one big bound, merely
stating that she and her husband had an open marriage, but were not swingers.
They did have a wide circle of friends who had children and practiced the same
type of life style as her family. These constituted her sexual partners with the
occasional fling that all women who were sexually active fell prey to on
occasion. I realized she was including me in that exclusive group of outsiders,
and I felt complimented. She then regaled me with a story concerning one of the
most memorable experiences she had.

	One time she and her husband  spent a three day weekend with an extended
family that included a grandfather and his wife, their married son and daughter,
their spouses, plus seven children ranging in age from eight to fourteen; three
girls and four boys, all randy little fuckers. During the weekend she managed to
have some type of sex with all thirteen family members, not to mention an
occasional dalliance with her own husband, always observed by the children who
were most interested in refining and improving their sex skills. To make it even
more interesting and entertaining he had scheduled this get-together just as she
was beginning her period. The amount of traffic that she handled was so intense
and nearly continual that her husband had to help her to the car when they
finally took their leave. Both her lower orifices were swollen, sore and oozing
cum that had been pumped into her by the quart, or so it seemed at the time.
During the four hour drive to their home, she leaked cum that soaked through her
dress and nearly saturated the blanket that had been placed beneath her.

	All this talk had the desired effect, now my cock was rock hard and
ready to plumb her asshole. Candy wiggled her rump at me to suggest doggy, and
so I put my cock against her puckered asshole and started to push. I watched as
her head sank down to the sheets, listening to her moans that rose and fell in
response to the inroad I was slowly but steadily making into her tight bunghole.
For someone who had been taking it in the ass on a very regular basis for at
least the last fifteen years, she had an amazingly tight asshole.

	Sugar made her entrance, crawling up on the bed and nuzzling her
mother's hair and crooning into her ear. Candy raised her body up so that her
daughter could start playing with her big firm tits. Sugar got busy sucking and
kissing those big bouncy bags with a skill that belied her youthful appearance.
When she got around to working on her mother's long nipples, pulling those
turgid lumps as far from her tits as they could go, I got into my serious mode
and reved it up. I started giving it to the blonde woman with forceful strokes
that made her grunt in rhythm as I battered away on her asshole, making those
buns bounce like jelly as I slammed my belly against them on every stroke.

	"Don't stop, don't stop, please, please, don't you ever stop!" She kept
up this chanting as I picked up the pace, shifting into a higher gear as I
dogged her tight asshole for all I was worth. I fucked her slow and deep, hard
and fast, pausing now and then to rotate my hips and stretch her anal passage a
little wider as time went on. She couldn't seem to get enough of my cock.
Finally she suggested we change position. Now we went into reverse cowgirl, with
Candy riding my dick with skill and enthusiasm, using her tight asshole and
ball-bearing mounted hips to control my cock's depth of penetration and the
speed in which it slammed into her bunghole.

	 As for me I just laid back and let her do all the driving, saving my
energy for when matters got more serious. I didn't know about her, but I was
still a ways from shooting my wad into that tight tunnel of fun. Candy started
shouting orders to her daughter to get busy and do somethig nice to her clit.
Once the little moppet began making mommy's little man come to attention with
her flickering tongue, her asshole got even tighter. It felt as if my dick was
in a vise, that is how tight she had gotten from her daughter's dancing tongue.

	Now it was my turn to worry about shooting off too quickly. I made a
major effort of the will to refrain from giving into the unrelenting pressure
her butthole was putting on my twitching cock. I tried to break the spell by
whacking her butt with my open hands as her fabulous ass danced up and down on
my groin. I began to think good thoughts, then switched over to dead puppies as
a means of preventing blast-off from occurring before she was ready to go
herself. Vice finally triumphed over virtue and Candy blasted off in a shower of
pussy juice that flooded Sugar's face. She rode me like a woman possessed and I
hung on for dear life, detonating what must been the equivalent of a small
tactical nuke inside her asshole, as I joined the flight to that place that no
one could ever adequately describe once the visit was over.

	As soon as I recovered my senses, I set about disengaging my cock from
Candy's suctioning asshole. That was a truly amazing creation and I suspected
that its grip had somehow been artificially enhanced by the surgeon's knife, a
procedure that certainly did not sound appetizing to dwelll on at length. It was
a truly amazing time to be alive when one considered such things as moppets that
weren't moppets and perfect bodies that came from the operating theater rather
than the womb.

	Sugar broke my pensive mood in a big hurry, reverting to the little girl
she seemed to be, and begging for another ride on the baloney pony. I was sorely
tempted, but despite my best efforts to think impure thoughts, my body refused
to respond to those depraved visions I generated in my head. It was obvious that
I needed some time to recuperate, for I'd been doing a lot of fucking since we
arrived here. I needed a diversion, and Candy provided the perfect excuse for us
to pack up and get out of our luxurious suite for a spell. "Let's visit your
sister and see how's she's doing." Sugar's face lit up at the suggestion and so
after gettting decent, or what passed for decent here, we trooped over to where
Honey was "entertaining".

	We walked over to a smaller building located behind the main structure
of this complex and climbed up a flight of stairs to reach the suite where Honey
was entertaining friends, acquaintances and visiting dignitaries representing
this bizarre subculture. We were readily admitted and at first all I could see
was this big white ass belonging to a rather overweight guy who was obviously
introducing himself in a most intimate way to the lithe and lovely Honey. We
stood around making small talk while he finished up his business inside the girl
and finally dismounted, giving me my first real look at this bonsai moppet.

	Honey was a knockout! She was utterly gorgeous!  I was immediately
tempted to kidnap her and take her home with me, leaving Miranda and Dina to
fend for themselves. This little lovely was worth the risk, of that I was sure.
Then I snapped out of it and got my bearings. Honey was blonde like her mother
and just beginning to hint that she was on the verge of developing those curves
that separated girls from women. I was truly enchanted at the prospect of being
around when this transformation occurred. Her body was as sleek and smooth as a
baby seal,  almost completely covered with a soft downy fuzz that caught the
light shining on her naked form. It was obvious to my trained eye that she was
either undergoing bikini waxings or perhaps electrolysis to prevent anything
from growing on her pubic mound.

	Just beginning to poke out from her chest were these two puffy nubbins
that would soon become a set of the most suckable nipples any man, or woman for
that matter, had ever seen or enjoyed. Not far behind those sentinels of her
impending maturity lurked some minor swellings that would in time, despite
whatever drugs they were feeding or shooting into her body, turn into a lovely
pair of breasts. I felt sad that I would be cheated of the opportunity to be
around when she developed into a demi-woman. It was hard not to wax poetic at
the sight of this devilish angel who was spread out before me, her well fucked
cunt glistening from the excess sperm that had been pumped into her coin slot of
a cunt. I almost had to look away because of the fantastic temptation to jump on
her bones that was taking me over.

	Once again Sugar broke the mood. This kid was a lifesaver and I planned
to give her a pony ride that she would never forget to express my appreciation
for her efforts to save me from myself. "How many loads do you have in your
cunt?" Sugar asked her sister with a big grin on her childish face. "Four, no
five counting that last one. He sure was heavy, I thought he was going to squash
me." the girl replied. Then Candy suggested that Sugar get busy and see how much
of that stuff filling her daughter's cunt Sugar could suck out. Now we had to
wait for a camera people to arrive to film the activity. This gave me time to
get my bearings. That little kid had really turned my head around in the brief
moments I'd had to look at her.

	It was then that it finally sank into me that little Honey was tied down
to the bed. I had been so captured by her beauty and my own private sex
fantasies involving us, that I had totally overlooked the fact that her wrists
were pulled up over her head and roped tightly to the bed's headboard, while her
legs currently were spread wide and anchored by her ankles to posts located  at
the bottom of the large bed she occupied. Beneath her crotch was a large and
growing stain from the stuff oozing steadily from between those thin cunt lips
that looked as if they would not even be able to let a dime pass through them.

	Then I noticed the faint marks criss-crossing her cunt and thighs. The
light from the window had been such as to conceal the stripes covering her chest
and stomach as well. Now it sank into me, little Honey had been given a good
going over with what looked like a strap. I was not able to judge just how long
ago this had happened, but my guess was that she'd been beaten sometime today. I
was definitely not in Kansas anymore, that was for sure.

	They set up and filmed Sugar sucking her sister's cunt with plenty of
energy and enthusiasm, slurping on that thin lipped pussy and smacking her lips
as she drained Honey's swamp of a cunt of nearly all the goo that had been
pumped into that pink gash over the past couple of hours. I don't know about
anyone else, but I was getting turned on by the sight of these two moppets going
at it. Once it appeared that this abyss for cum did have a bottom after all, the
video folk suggested that it might be a smart idea to refresh the marks on
little Honey's naked body. Candy gave her blessing once Honey eagerly urged them
to do her good this time, and really make it hurt.

	There was a brief discussion about whether or not to gag the child.
Honey made such a fuss about being gagged, that they decided to just wing it and
see what happened. Candy even suggested that perhaps it might be fun to let me
force my cock down the little girl's throat to silence her as she was being
whipped. I think I might have done it had there been no camera to record things.
Candy was kind of disappointed that I wouldn't join the fun, but she let  me
have my way.

	She sidled up to me as they began to set up the lighting and get the
services of the designated whipper. "A lot of Honey's new friends really get an
extra kick out of fucking my little strumpet because of those welts; it really
turns them on to imagine all sorts of reasons why she's been marked up. You blew
a  great opportunity, one you may never get again as long as you live." I sighed
when Candy made me look like seven different kinds of fool, but that was that.
This place was beginning to give me the creeps.

	Finally everything was in place for the whipping. The guy doing the deed
was going to be off camera, but his belt would be shown decorating little
Honey's bare body from crotch to chest and back again and again and again,
depending on how much the little blonde fuck goddess-to-be could take. He
started laying it on hot and heavy, whipping those little nubbins until they
looked like two angry red mushrooms growing from her chest. Honey immediately
launched into her little chant as the guy whaled away on that flat chest. "Give
it to me, I'm a slut, a little whore, a home wrecker, I'm bad, very bad, whip me
hard, make me pay." As the old saying goes, "out of the mouths of babes". Only
in this case the babe sounded like a cross between a two dollar whore and a full
blown masochist. It was freaky in the extreme!

	To occupy the time and prevent myself from doing something stupid like
jumping Honey's bones while the guy whipped the skin off her chest, I counted
the strokes he gave her. I guess he was counting too, since as soon as he
reached twenty-five, he started making that leather dance down towards her
belly. Then he tried to see just how hard he could hit that little tyke's belly.
The sounds that strap made digging into her belly flesh almost drown out her
chanting. She had switched to another variation that featured the words "cum
bucket, fuck hole and make me bleed"

	Promptly after the twenty-fifth stroke, he revisited her chest. I was
kind of disappointed, since I had expected him to go lower and start kissing
that gash with the leather. I know that's where I would have gone if I was in
contol of that strap. Instead he gave her another set of welts that added even
more color to her little chest and its twin rosebuds that by now where
approaching lilac in coloration. His second pass across her belly started to get
to her. Honey's voice was beginning to show signs of cracking as he continued to
add another layer of harsh welts to that smooth stomach.

	I glanced over towards Candy and Sugar. They were so focused on what was
taking place on those cum-stained sheets that it would have taken a bullhorn to
get their attention. Little Sugar had gotten half her hand up that little twat I
was planning on stretching once this little episode became history. Candy was
chewing on her bee-stung lips, the very ones that had been wrapped around my
joint barely an hour ago. The guy working on Honey called for a break to rest
his arm. The lights went off and we all tried to get a grip on ourselves before
the big finish.

	While we all caught our collective breath, Sugar went over to her sister
and began french kissing her. Honey responded enthusiastically and the two of
them swapped tongues and spit until the lights came on and the guy decorating
Honey took up his position for the next part of her beating. Once again he faked
me out of my jock. He landed the mother of all shots to that thin crack of a
cunt and the sound made me jump. He wasted no time following up on that intial
blow. The strap seemed to take on a life of its own, dancing up and down that
rapidly coloring gash, leaving behind a trail of bright red swelling welts. His
assault had surprised Honey as well; she was no longer chanting and begging for
punishment, she was yelping now as he laid the leather to her twat mercilessly.I
lost count, but it didn't matter. He just kept whipping that gash until it was
one big swollen lump. Honey was reduced to little grunts now, her energy sapped
by the viciousness of the beating.

	He retraced his path, moving the leather up to her belly for a little
touchup before returning to those welted nubbins that had grown to the size of
pigeon eggs. He went back to his rhythm and delivered exactly twenty-five of the
best, making sure that he flattened her nips with at least half of the strokes.
Now it got weird, very weird, extremely weird. Honey came out of her shell and
began screaming at him. "Is that the best you can do? I can hardly feel that,
what's the matter with you? You can't hurt me, I'm too strong for you. My pussy
is stronger than your little dick. What you do think of that, you worm!" If she
was looking to get him pissed off so he'd give it to her even harder, she
succeeded, big time!

	The people taping the action were going out of their minds; this was not
in the script by any means. They were shaking their heads but weren't missing a
thing. One had even focused on the guy's face which was now contorted with rage
from the barrage of insults. I looked towards Candy for some kind of hint as to
what was expected of me. She acted like nothing was wrong, it was just another
brutal beating that her preteen daughter was absorbing. It was just what the
folks who would be fucking her brains out for the rest of the day would need to
get their rocks off. Nothing like a little bleeding flesh to get the old juices
flowing as you try to plumb the depths of that immature cunt, your hard dick
touching bottom on every stroke.

	He must have given that cunt fifty strokes if he gave it one. Honey was
real quiet towards the end; I could barely hear any sound coming from her
despite the vicious hits that tender twat was absorbing. He hit it overhand, he
blasted it sidearm. The welts seemed to blend into one solid mass of swollen
flesh. I wondered how anyone could get a cock past that mess that had been
created between the tyke's thighs. I never did witness what took place once they
let Honey meet some new friends, but for some reason that didn't bother me one
bit. I'd seen way more than I ever wanted to see when it came to a child being
harmed. I was only too happy to get out of this place and return with Candy and
her daughter who seemed not to have been seriously affected by what had just
taken place. In fact the little kid made sure that I understood that she was
going to be the first one I fucked once we got back to their suite. I wondered
how old this one really was, and made a mental note to make sure and hit the
board displaying their pictures and copies of their birth certificates properly
notarized.


				( To be continued)




				Help Wanted


				  Chapter 7


	As soon as we cleared the building my interest in little Sugar climbed
back to fever pitch, especially after realizing what a little freak her sister
had turned out to be. It did help matters that the little tyke hadn't bothered
to put those lollipop panties back on over that cute little butt that was going
this way and that as we hiked over to their suite. Better still, Candy hadn't
bothered to put her short robe back on, preferring to drape it over her arm so
her fabulous body could soak up some rays as we walked. I was already planning
what my next move would be once I finished stretching little Sugar's twat to the
max. I had this overwhelming urge to be the first one to nail her little butt.

	I wonder how her father would take the news that someone beat him out of
taking his kid's anal cherry. I had no compunctions about doing it, after all he
was in Tokyo selling his kid's services to the Japanese, probably for a ton of
cash, most of which he'd pocket. I had a pretty good idea that he wasn't making
any deposits in a trust fund for his little moneymaker. If my plan fell through,
there was always her mom, the ever-popular Candy. I remembered how tight her
asshole had been and was curious if she had some surgery to make it behave this
way.

	Back at their place, I wasted no time putting them both to work. I had
mom and her hot little daughter make a stack, offering me the enticing sight of
two sets of asscheeks framing two pink pieces of meat. I started at the bottom
of the stack and licked Candy's cunt from clit to base, then kept my tongue
stiff and plowed up  between her tight asscheeks, making a stop at her asshole
to do some poking and prodding, just to tease her a bit. I knew from the sounds
she was making, and the way her butt cheeks clenched, that she was hot for some
serious rimming plus a good hard ass fucking from yours truly. I planted a big,
sloppy  wet kiss on her asshole entrance and finished my trek, exiting from her
cleft and pausing before doing an encore on Sugar's hot little cunt and asshole.

	I used my arms for leverage, extending them to elevate myself the small
amount that was required to begin feasting on little Sugar's cunt. I took my
time working on that pink path, kissing and licking every inch of that tight
trench until I was ready to do the same to that cleft between her tight little
buns. For a pseudo ten year-old, she had a nice tight apple shaped ass and I
intended to see what I could do about worming myself and my cock into that tight
winking hole that was hidden between those twin crab apples. While all this was
going on, Candy decided to get into the act in more than just a supporting role. 
That sly wench began to wiggle her ass cheeks and get them into position so that
it would take only a little shift of my hips to drive my cock into her tight
asshole.

	My lips and tongue were going to town on Sugar's tight asshole. The tyke
was doing a good job of resisting my probing tongue, but she couldn't help
grunting and pushing back whenever I planted a wet one on that chocolate
starfish. By now Candy had captured my cock in that velvet covered steel strap
of an asshole and was bending me to her will with slow steady pushes and pulls
to work that tight tube of flesh over and back on my imprisoned tool. If I
didn't pay attention to my plan she'd suck the cum from my balls before I knew
what hit me, and there would go my chance to be the first one to nail her
daughter's asshole.

	I willed myself to get out from that clutching cock trap and reluctantly
Candy's asshole let my cock escape. I quickly scooted forward and rammed my cock
into Sugar's twat, pushing her at least a foot foward from the force of my
thrust. Not to be outdone, Candy scooted forward some and positioned her asshole
to recapture my cock once I pulled out from her daughter's stretched cunt. So I
found myself between a rock, which was Sugar's still unavailable asshole, and  a
hard place, represented by that steel gripper located in Candy's asshole. I did
what any sane man under these circumstances would do, I tried to make the best
of this situation, alternating from Sugar's juicy twat  to her mother's super
tight tunnel of fun.

	It suddenly dawned on me that all that was required to capture the
child's anal cherry was to accidentally miss my target and bury my bone deep
into her tight asshole, making profuse apologies to both her and her mother as I
did my best to stake out this new unexplored territory for myself. I decided to
do the deed on the next switch-over. I guess I must have telegraphed my
intentions, because Candy did her damndest to prevent me from pulling free of
her asshole while at the same time cautioning her daughter to be very careful
where she let me stick my cock. It would have been a simple matter for the girl
to vend me off, but instead she reached back and spread her cheeks apart just as
I moved forward, fully intent on nailing her little asshole for all I was worth.

	Candy let out a holler of disappointment as she realized I had made it
to home, buried to the hilt between her little moneymaker's tight  apple-shaped
buns. I luxuriated in the sensation of that super tight asshole doing its best
to accommodate itself to this large tree limb that had just forced its way past
her defenses. Then Candy began drumming her fists on my ass and calling me every
name in the book. I did my best to ingnore her by seeing if I could get my cock
to move around inside Sugar. The tyke grunted, wheezed and did her level best to
make peace with the intruder that had taken up residence in her butthole. I'd
like to say that we made beautiful music together, but that would not have been
true. The faux moppet began to weep and that did it for me. I slipped my cock
from her little butthole and let her mother try to calm her down. I felt like
finding a hole, crawling inside and pulling it closed behind me as if I was one
of those cartoon characters.

	To my surprise once Candy got her daughter calmed down, which did not
take a whole hell of a lot of time, the child stopped sniffling and whining long
enough to demand that I give her the promised pony ride. The little imp knew she
had me by the short hairs, something a ten year-old would not be capable of
exploiting the way she did. I was not only to give her a pony ride, I was to
make it a long one, twice around the park and at a full gallop no less. Then
Candy got into the act and demanded that while her little Sugar bear was getting
her pony ride, her mother was going to have me rim her for the entire time. She
would direct what , where and how everything went when it came to me worshipping
her butthole.

	For the icing on the cake, so to speak, once her little strumpet was
satisfied with her ride, I would have to give Candy a nice long ass fucking to
make up for the trouble I'd caused. From her tone of voice and the way Sugar was
giggling, I knew that Candy was going to catch hell from hubby for letting me
take Sugar's anal cherry. I wondered what kind of penalty she would have to
pay,and then thought better of having some kind of sick fantasy while her little
daughter was happily bouncing her little buns up and down on my dick.

	The little minx hopped on board once her mother finished sucking me
until my cock was hard as steel. As the girl went to town on my stiff cock,
bouncing those buns up and down and giggling for all to hear, Candy spread her
ass cheeks and slowly descended onto my face. The blonde took her time making
sure that my nose was caught between her firm ass cheeks. She wiggled her butt
from side to side to test the fit of my mouth and her asshole, before announcing
that she was satisfied with the location of all the parts required for a nice
rimjob on my part. It was kind of difficult to keep my mind on business because
I was getting conflicting instructions from the two. Sugar was urging me to pump
her cunt as fast and hard as I could, while Candy was telling me to alternately
suck and kiss her asshole. I felt like a juggler with the hives.

	That little imp nearly got me off during the first five minutes of our
brisk ride in the park. The only thing that saved me was the request of Candy to
see how far I could worm my tongue up her shitter. Her sphincter started opening
up fairly quickly and before too long I had a couple of inches of tongue inside
that tough ring of muscle, and was beginning to encounter tastes and textures
that I didn't want to dwell on for more than a few seconds. Little Sugar started
doing tricks on her pony, first moving from side to side as we galloped at full
speed, then bouncing up and down as fast as she could move those tight buns. The
next thing I knew the tyke was riding me side saddle, one leg stretched toward
her mother.

	Candy decided that I should suck her asshole steadily to see what
happened. I was afraid to hazard a guess as to what her objective was for this
maneuver. Fortunately nothing happened, so I continued carrying my little rider
as fast as I could. Candy began grinding her firm butt all over my face, moving
it from side to side, then up and down, making sure that my tongue kept in touch
with her asshole at all times, which was pretty tricky to put it mildly. I got
in a small bit of revenge when I managed to nip at the sensitive insides of
those marvelous globes of meat that were coming close to suffocating me.

	Sugar started  to make funny noises and bounced erractically on my stiff
cock. I sensed the approach of a teeny tiny orgasm building up in the bonsai
moppet. I think Candy noticed the same thing because she shifted herself around
so she could hug and kiss her tiny teaser as the kid neared one of her small
"trembles" as she called them. I was no expert on the female orgasm, and had no
idea what age was normal for a girl's first one. To make matters worse, I had no
idea just how old this child-like creature pogo-sticking on my hard length of
meat actually was. Then we were off to the races, Sugar making little squeaking
sounds and shaking like a leaf in a windstorm, while Candy hung on to her and
covered her face with wet kisses. For some odd reason I did not join the fun and
swamp the kid's fuckbox with a horde of swimmers. That turned out to be a good
thing, because mom had built up a pretty good head of steam while I rimmed her
as her little daughter fucked me until she wore herself out and went off on a
little jaunt of her own.

	The three of us took a break to rest up for the next round, a cage match
between me and Candy's asshole. Sugar, ever the little cock teaser, chose this
rest period to sit on my face and make me get her nice and fresh by licking all
the sweat and other foreign fluids from her sweet tasting cunt and the
surrounding area. This soon turned into the beginning of a full body tongue bath
which amused Candy no end. The next thing I knew, I was licking the soles of the
tyke's dirty feet and sucking each of those little toes until they glistened,
making sure that I got between them to get all that nasty stuff that usually
accumulated there. I was half-way up her legs before Candy called a halt to the
proceedings, informing me that her asshole needed some exercise. So I sucked one
last hickey into the hollow behind Sugar's knobby kneecap and got busy working
my cock into her mother's winking brown eye.

	As I sank deeper and deeper into that tight tunnel, enjoying the way the
walls of her colon wrapped around my dick and began the process that would
ultimately milk the cum from my balls which were about as full as they had been
since my arrival, Candy hummed happily and made some minor adjustments to make
my entry even more comfortable for herself. Her well fucked daughter scooted
over to where the deed was being done and got a ringside seat for the action.
Having had a small taste of my firm tool in her little bottom, she was eager to
learn how to make the process less painful and much more enjoyable. I knew that
for the next month or so Candy would have a very difficult time avoiding this
little girl's presence whenever she decided to involve her asshole with some
strange or familiar dick.

	I wondered when she would break the news to her old man. I chuckled to
myself as I imagined her with his dick buried to the hilt in her asshole as she
informed him that little Sugar was all grown up now that she had given up her
anal cherry to a guy she knew for less than a few hours. I could just seeing him
doing a slow burn before he started to throttle his wife for letting this
happen. I wonder if he'd turn that great ass into hamburger or worse. That was
one scene I was going to be sorry I missed.

	I shook myself and got busy with the task at hand, namely the stretching
and plumbing of Candy's superbly tight asshole. I could not resist any longer,
so I leaned over and whispered in her ear. "Who did the job to make your asshole
so tight? That guy really knows his assholes." My question caught her unawares
and she blurted out his name, a Dr. Devlin Phelps, before realizing she had
broken security. I rewarded her with a slap across those fine looking butt
cheeks. She reacted exactly as I hoped she would, relaxing her clenched butt
cheeks and giving me a chance to put some muscle behind my next move. I skewered
that asshole from end to end as I jammed as deep into it as my cock length would
allow. I was buried to the hilt in that tight asshole and now I intended to see
how much I could stretch that tight channel before my balls emptied into her
colon.

	It felt as if I was riding a wild horse, she was bucking and gasping as
she tried to pull away from my thick cock that now had pinned her to the
mattress. Sugar's eyes danced and her breath grew rapid as she watched me put it
to her mother's butthole with a great deal of energy mixed with irritation over
the rimming  I had to perform while her daughter was riding the baloney pony. I
did my best to widen that tight channel and gradually she gave in, a fraction of
an inch at a time. I grabbed her firm mounds and yanked them as far apart was I
could, twisting my cock around inside as she moaned and weakened. I slapped her
ass again, this time harder. It sounded as if I'd cracked a whip, and her
response was just what the butt fucker ordered. I managed to pull back and ram
it into her with even more force.

	It took some doing, but finally Candy's resistance was totally quelled
and I had a field day using that still very snug fitting asshole for my own
nefarious purposes. Candy took it all and did her best to try to disguise her
dismay that I'd not only broken her will, but her asshole as well. As I finished
off inside her, blasting away with everything I had, little Sugar gave me the
high sign and an air kiss as my reward. Damn, that little bundle of preteen
fuckmeat stirred me up. In fact that's what finally sent me over the edge, and I
commenced filling Candy's shit chute to the brim with my latest load of
swimmers.

	After taking a breather and making sure that Candy was still alive and
well, I started to take my leave. Little Sugar had other ideas and made me an
offer I almost couldn't refuse. "Stay here and let me suck you until you're nice
and big again. Then I want you to fuck me in the ass just like you did to my
mom, and don't stop until it doesn't hurt me anymore, I'll be good, I promise."
Nailing that pretty little butthole until it gaped was a dream I had more than
once in the years that followed, but I had to beg off, duty called. It was time
to see what happened to Dina. To add more support to my decision, Candy
announced that little Sugar was due on the set in fifteen minutes to shoot a
porn tape starring her and three adults. As I looked back just before closing
the door to the suite, I could see little cum bubbles popping up from her still
gaping asshole. That was the last time I laid eyes on Candy or her kids.

	On my way over to where the gangbang was taking place, I stopped off to
check on the true ages of those two preteen teasers. There they were: Sharon
(Sugar) Smithson, age thirteen years and twelve days, and her big sister, Hollis
(Honey) Smithson, age sixteen years, three months and nineteen days. Case closed
and mystery solved. I was in the clear, as usual. Now to find out what was
happening to that big titted teen teaser I'd last seen this morning.


				( To be continued)




				  Help Wanted


                                   Chapter 8


	When I returned to the hall where the gangbang had been taking place, I
found it deserted. There was no action, no Dina and of course, no Miranda as
well. I asked around and learned that the gangbang had ended close to noon,
meaning no record for Dina. I'm sure the poor kid was all upset over that.
Miranda and some Japanese guy had taken charge of Dina and whisked her away to
parts unknown. I kept asking around and another person let me in on the fact
that there was a Japanese video crew working somewhere in the area. It took some
doing, but I'm a persistent guy when I have to be, and so I discovered where
this little clambake was taking place.

	I got the cold shoulder when I arrived at the rundown house located
maybe a quarter mile from the main buildings of the complex. First no one spoke
English, so I resorted to my trump card, threatening to go to the local police
to find out what the hell they were doing to the two women that were my
responsibility. For my trouble, I had the door slammed in my face. Now I'm a man
who abhors violence unless I have to resort to it for either my own protection
or to protect my interests. So I took a deep breath and kicked in the door.

	That seemed to get their attention. Two guys came barreling out from a
room located within the house. Fortunately for me no one in the video crew knew
the first thing about self-protection, and they were either too dumb or on too
tight a budget to afford some muscle to prevent people like myself from horning
in on what they were doing. I made a feint toward the nonexistent gun I was
carrying and they turned tail and fled back into the room from whence they had
come. I followed, shouting threats in English and screaming out Dina and her
mother's names. I burst into the room and got the shock of my life.

	Hanging by her big tits from a rope attached to a hook in the ceiling
was Dina. Her wrists were cuffed behind her back and drawn up to attach to the
leather collar around her neck. Those big bags of fun had turned an interesting
shade of purple, lilac I think, as she spun slowly in one direction until the
rope was fully coiled, then in the other as it uncoiled.  She had the beginnings
of some major whip marks covering part of her naked body. Standing behind her,
looking like a pair of statues, were these two Japanese babes wearing some very
weird outfits. They consisted of studded leather tops that did a poor job of
hiding their tits, leather bikinis with enough zippers to protect them from the
most determined rapist, high-heeled boots that came up to mid thigh, spiked
wristlets and matching collars plus sunglasses that gave them an otherworldly
look. What really caught my attention were the whips these two carried. These
were very serious looking pieces of leather and it was obvious they were the
real deal based on the welts decorating Dina.

	The next thing I homed in on was Miranda. She was seated on a wooden
chair, back arched and legs spread by a combination of straps, ropes and
manacles that held her naked body in a vise-like grip. Tape was holding her eyes
wide open and a battery powered dildo was churning away inside her drooling
cunt. She was positioned so that she could watch the two dominatrices destroy
her step-daughter's body with those cruel whips.

	Huddled just beyond the harsh lighting that illuminated this strange
scene were a couple of people operating a pair of cameras and the director, who
turned out to be a thin, very intense Japanese babe in her late 30s, also
wearing dark sunglasses. "Wait please, we have permission to do this. Don't
shot, please!" The voice came from still another faceless silhouette who moved
towards me holding out a sheet of paper. As he approached he pointed at Miranda
and added, "She said this was fine to do. She even wanted to be in the video as
well. Please, read the script before doing anything that would harm the making
of this video."

	I presumed this was the guy that Miranda had been seen leaving with
originally. I had the very funny feeling that this guy was telling the truth. He
turned to the lady director and said something in Japanese to her and she
muttered back at him in a high-pitched sing-song reply that seemed to indicate
that she wasn't exactly thrilled over this interruption in her shooting
schedule. I wondered how she'd feel with my shoe up her ass, but decided to take
a diplomatic approach with these folks. "You tell gorgeous that she better not
try anything funny until I get done reading this script and talk matters over
with Miranda." He pressed the slightly crumpled paper into my hands and stepped
back to talk with madame director.

	I went over to Miranda to find out what the hell was really going on.
Somehow I wasn't surprised when she took full responsibility for this little
scene. It seems she and Dina had hatched this plan on the plane, already aware
that this video team was going to be shooting an S&M tape featuring local talent
for the Japanese underground market. It seems their customers would pay big
bucks to watch American women being tortured to within an inch of their lives,
as well as being totally humiliated in the process by those from the land of the
rising sun. Miranda then gave me a brief outline of what was to occur during the
first half of this sick little tape.

	Miranda was supposed to be an industrial spy who was caught stealing
industrial secrets. In an effort to get her to reveal her corporate accomplice,
they would torture her daughter, played by Dina, in her presence until she told
them what they wanted. In the opening scene the two dominatrices were going to
whip Dina from neck to knee while Miranda watched helplessly. These two were
professionals and were experts when it came to using these terrible weapons that
could peel the skin from their victim's body. After whipping Dina until she was
a bleeding piece of meat they would interrogate Miranda, who would refuse to
cooperate. They would then beat her with rubber hoses to soften her up for the
next questioning period. Miranda admitted that the prospect of being beaten to a
pulp made her wet. It made me nauseous. Things got even worse after this sick
scene was finished.

	Dina would be given the water cure, a fiendish torture that involved
forcing a hose down her throat so that her stomach could be filled with water
until it got so big that it pressed her lungs flat causing her to pass out. I
could not believe my ears when Miranda casually mentioned that Dina's dad and
his first wife had been using this technique to discipline their daughter ever
since she was ten years old. They liked it because it left no marks that
snooping people such as her teachers, the family doctor or even the school nurse
could use to cause trouble for them. Her new husband had a scrapbook filled with
pictures of his young daughter growing up. In many of these, as she developed
breasts and pubic hair, her belly would be grotesquely distended to the point
that she looked as if she were nine months pregnant with twins. He had pictures
of her bluish colored face before and after having her bulging midsection beaten
with a rubber hose to force her to involuntarily empty the contents.

	I began to get a funny feeling that I was in deep doo-doo. My client was
a bit more than he had let on, and if I didn't watch my step, I might wind up
with a dead teen on my hands and a very poor alibi for allowing it to happen.
Miranda continued to breathlessly fill me in on what was going to happen next.
After giving Dina the water cure, perhaps twice, both times emptying her stomach
by beating it with rubber hoses, they would interrogate Miranda once again. Lit
cigarettes and a cattle prod would not be sufficient to make her talk, even
after they taped it in place, and let it run until she passed out from the pain.
She confessed that she was a bit worried about the prod, since she knew she'd be
soaked after the burning and zapping, which would boost the power that the prod
would deliver once it was buried deep inside her cunt.

	From there, Dina would be gang raped, no big deal after what she had
just been through, except it would feature not only men, but the two
dominatrices and even the director, all equipped with huge pussy punishing
dildos. Not only that, the teen would then be forced to have sex with a trio of
dogs, large Akitas, a Japanese breed trained to have sex with humans. They were
being provided by a local kennel master who dabbled in bestiality as a very
profitable and private sideline. By now my head was spinning. I shook it hard to
clear the miasma that was forming inside it and decided to try to contact Dina's
father , who had left his number with me for an emergency only. To my way of
thinking, this qualified.

	I went over to the guy who had given me the script, such as it was, and
told him I was leaving for about an hour, but I'd be back. I warned him that I
did not want any trouble from him or his friends, but if they gave me a hard
time of it I'd make sure that they never got out of the country with their
video. I also had him understand that I was responsible for the safety of the
two females, and expected to find both alive and in one piece when I got back. I
thought his head was going to fall off from the way he nodded it. Then I had him
walk over with me to where the skinny director was, so he could translate to her
my warning that her candy ass was dog meat if the two females were seriously
harmed while I was away. She stiffened noticeably when I made the throat cutting
sign, so I knew she was getting the message. My little buddy made sure that I
was OK with letting them do the first couple of parts of the scene in my
absence. I was sort of sorry I wouldn't see Miranda take a good beating, but
that was the price for being responsible.

	As I hot-footed it back to the complex so I could call my client, I
tried to figure out what time it was in Tokyo, and gave up. I never could deal
with that International Date Line nonsense, but I guessed that it might be
morning back where he was. I dialed the number and fidgeted as I waited for
someone to pick up the phone. It was my lucky day, or perhaps it was Dina and
Miranda's lucky day, because I recognized the voice on the other end. I wasted
no time giving him the lowdown on what was taking place with the Japanese video
crew. For the next few minutes I got an earful from him about butting in on
things that were none of my business. I was told in no uncertain terms that I
was to be strictly an observer and let Miranda call the shots. "Unless one of
them is bleeding to death or about to have one of her tits hacked off, you stay
out of it! Don't bother me again with this kind of nonsense; didn't you learn
anything about these two yet? What the hell have you been doing down there?"
That last remark cut deep since I hadn't spent much time with either one of them
as a result of all the loose women and moppets that were floating around the
premises.

	I took my sweet time getting back to the house; I was pissed and needed
to get myself together. Also I wasn't really up for watching those Japs turn
these two bitches into chunks of bloody, blistered meat. For all my obvious
failings, watching women being tortured, raped and degraded by a bunch of sick
freaks was not my thing in the slightest. I pushed my way past the kicked-in
door and entered the place. I could hear muffled screams coming from where they
were shooting this massacre, but couldn't tell who they were coming from.

	What was left of Dina dangled from the ropes noosing her horribly
swollen, bleeding tits, which had now taken on an ugly shade of purplish black.
She was bleeding from dozens of places and her firm body looked like a barber's
pole that had started to melt. As she twisted and turned she presented a crazy
quilt of deep slashes, cuts, welts and gashes covering every possible area on
her body. She even had a couple of deep welts across her face; evidently the
whip artists now and then missed their target, or perhaps got carried away with
what they were doing. Her firm round ass was one solid lump of bleeding meat. It
was cross hatched with layers of deep cuts. From the looks of that butt the two
dominatrices must have stood on either side and taken turns cutting that
outstanding ass into shreds. In fact I realized that there were drops of blood
extending a couple of feet from where she hung. The teen was still breathing,
that was good, but the damage she had sustained staggered me, that was very bad.

	I next located the source of the muffled screams. One of the sunglass
wearing babes was extinguishing her cigarette out on Miranda's nipple. From the
looks of her tits they must have already gone through at least a half pack of
cigarettes. I motioned for my little buddy to come over so I could have a little
chat with him. "How come the lady's gagged like that?" I asked. He grinned and
replied, "She makes too much noise. We dub in her screams later, make them sound
real good too." I had to chuckle to myself at  this; poor Miranda couldn't even
scream properly. What kind of a future did she have in this kind of work?

	It was then that I smelled the sickening odor of sizzling flesh and
heard an even louder scream come from her gagged mouth. They had just hit her
with the cattle prod! One of the ladies had poked it into her lower belly, just
above her drooling cunt, and pulled the trigger. There was nothing much I could
do except watch the prod send arc after arc of electricity into her bare flesh,
moving from her chest to her cunt and making plenty of stops in between. She was
in such a contorted position that every time she was hit with a jolt, her chest
stopped moving, meaning the pain was so severe that she couldn't breath while
the juice was jumping into her stiff body.

	I had to admit that these two torturers really knew what they were
doing. They took turns giving her all the amps she could take. For a while the
two of them concentrated on using the prod on her thighs and then her calves.
She started sweating and her eyes looked as if they were trying to pop right out
of her head. The muscle cramps that she now was experiencing were unreal. I
could see the muscles actually knotting up as the sharp prong touched the
pebbled skin, the purple arc seeming to follow as the prod was removed to some
distance before it was broken. Finally they pulled the gag from her mouth and
took turns slapping her face and screaming into her ears. I guess that her part
would be overdubbed here as well since the audience for this stuff probably
couldn't recognize English from Urdu.

	Miranda proved to be a trouper, shaking her head and yelling at the top
of her lungs that she'd never talk. That's when her big moment came. Back into
her mouth went the gag and then the prod was carefully worked deep into her
cunt. To make sure it was as far in as it would go, they tried jabbing it to see
her reaction. I guess having your uterus punched lke a bag would make the
stongest woman start begging for her mommy, which was probably what Miranda was
doing behind the gag. Satisfied that the prod was perfectly positioned to fry
her baby-making equipment, they hit the trigger and held it down as Miranda
began to piss all over herself and do her best to swallow her tongue. The
director was standing up and clapping her hands like a little kid playing some
game. This was freaky.

	The stench of Miranda's insides frying was too strong for this cowboy,
so I retreated from the room to get a breath of what passed for fresh air. It
was then that I realized I was about to toss my cookies and I barely made it
outside before heaving my guts out. I thought I was a tough guy, but what was
going on inside had literally turned my stomach. By the time I got myself back
together and returned to the set, they were getting Dina ready for the water
cure. Miranda was unconscious, her body limp in the restraints. I wondered if I
was now going to be able to justify breaking up this freak show.


				 ( To be continued)




				Help Wanted


	                       	  Chapter 9



Abstract: Things do not go well for our hero who is thwarted in his attempt to
rescue his two charges from the Japanese video crew. Returning to the lodge, he
spends a brief interlude renewing old acquaintances with Candy and her two sex
bomb daughters. The local sheriff manages to locate the video crew and sweat out
from them where they left the women after finishing up their shoot. Things don't
look good as the pair has suffered some big time injuries. While they wait for
the arrival of the client who will make the decision on who does what to whom,
our  hero joins the deputies in exacting some major payback from the video
director and her two dominatrices.




	It began to dawn on me that these two bitches had set me up for what was
happening. They must have gotten to the client way before I did. I could just
hear them bitching about my absence and the fact that I was overreacting to
everything they wanted to get involved in. I was being set up for the big fall;
no matter what I did, it would be the wrong response. At that moment I decided
to just kick back and watch the Japs ruin these two freaks. If they didn't care
about what happened to themselves, why should I?

	I had to hand it to the director, she sure was a ball busting bitch if
there ever was one. I began to wonder what she'd look like with two gallons of
piss in her belly. The trouble was I couldn't get past those dark glasses to
imagine what kind of a look would be on her face. Her crew was flying around
like a bunch of crazed monkeys preparing for the next scene which would feature
Dina taking a combination enema and the water cure simultaneously. The director
had changed her mind and decided that the scene needed to be souped up some,
which explained the addition of the enema to the water cure. On top of that, the
lady in charge decreed that Dina's big purple tits would remain tied off since
she liked the color contrast they provided.

	I watched them fill up two gigantic red rubber enema bags with water;
those babies were bulging by the time they got done. Meanwhile another part of
the gang was running a length of plastic tubing from a water tap located in the
next room. Then they screwed around getting a fitting put on the tubing so
another smaller length of tubing, that would be forced down Dina's throat, could
be mated to the fitting. No one paid the slightest bit of attention to the
unconscious Miranda who looked to be in some kind of a coma from all the
electricity they'd put through her. I walked over and checked to see if she was
breathing and managed to confirm that she was still alive. I laughed to myself
as I imagined what that twat of hers must feel like after taking all that juice
for as long as it had. Then I remembered she was a big pain slut and decided she
would probably start getting off the minute she regained her senses.

	For the next hour I watched the gang try to get the combined enema and
water cure thing going. The director was going crazy as one false start followed
another. On the first try they managed to make Dina swallow the tubing but then
the fitting started leaking and they had to halt shooting to repair it. Then
after they got the fitting fixed, it turned out that the guy running the water
tap couldn't hear the director's instructions and he nearly blew out Dina's guts
as the water poured down her throat and made her look like a blimp in less than
a minute and a half. The director had a shit fit over that screw-up and called a
halt to the proceedings so she could tear the guy a new asshole. Meanwhile
nobody was paying attention to Dina who was turning blue and literally drowning
as she lay on the floor with her belly bulging out to the point that she looked
like she'd explode any second.

	Finally one of the flunkies discovered that the star of the video was
only a few seconds from being dead from suffocation. All hell broke loose and
somehow they managed to get the tubing out of Dina's throat and let her puke up
what looked like a gallon of water from her nearly ruptured stomach. At this
juncture in the proceedings I began to get a little nervous. One more screw-up
and they might have at least one corpse on their hands, which also meant my
hands.I did not want to be around to explain that one to the local authorities
or to whoever was in charge of this little clambake.

	Dina was revived, checked out by the director and pronounced ready for
another take. This time she decided that the teen would take at least a full
enema bag to get her belly nice and round before the tap water came rushing into
it and really blew her up. So I watched another take, and it went off pretty
good. Dina's belly got nice and round from the first enema bag and then it
really began to grow as the tubing writhed like a snake and fed a torrent of
water into her stomach. The director clapped her hands happily and then ordered
that the flow be turned off so a couple of the actors could begin beating the
teen's bloated belly with rubber hoses.

	Soon Dina was doing her best to give a pretty good impression of a
fountain. There was however one little fly in the ointment; the tubing that Dina
had swallowed remained in place and made it very difficult for much water to
escape no matter how hard they beat her bulging belly. So there was another
interruption in shooting while the director and her aides put their heads
together to try to work around this little obstacle. All I could do was watch
Dina's tits turn from purple to black and if anything, get a little bigger. From
the way the teen was shaking and twitching I knew she was in some pain, but how
much was anyone's guess at this stage. I decided to trust the director on how
much was enough for the star. That proved to be a very bad decision on my part.

	The next time they bloated Dina, the tubing was removed from her throat
before they began to beat her bulging midsection with the rubber hoses. The two
guys took turns hitting her as hard as they could as they knelt on either side
and went to town on the teen, who by now started to look like a beached whale. I
noticed that what was coming up was tinged with something that looked like
blood, which made me concerned enough to grab the translator and warn him that
my charge was taking more of a beating than I had agreed to. He in turn passed
along my concern to the director who sneered at me.

	That was that, so I punched her lights out, knocking the dark glasses
off her face as she went ass over tea kettle to the floor. I moved in on her
quickly and gave her ribs a few good kicks that had her curling up into a ball
as she gasped for breath. The crew backed away, not wanting to incur any trouble
from yours truly.  I bent down and grabbed a handful of her hair and dragged her
scrawny frame onto her feet. Then I let go just along enough to sink my fist
into her belly, making her double over and lose her lunch or whatever she ate
last. Like the true gentleman that I am, I waited until she caught her breath
before putting my knee where it would do the most damage to her internal parts.
She went down like she was pole-axed, clutching her guts which she probably
throught were going to fall out before she hit the floor.

	I had one of those tough choices to make, continue to beat the hell out
of the lady director or get Dina out of this freak show before they ruined the
teen for life. I stomped the bitch good as she babbled in Japanese. Then I
gestured to the crew to take their boss out to the next room. I needed some time
so I could get Dina in some kind of condition that would allow me to get her out
of here. They vacated the premises, dragging the semi conscious director with
them,  and I got busy reviving the teen and trying to make her understand that
her life was in danger. She was too far out of it to understand what I was
saying. She started to resist my efforts to get her to her feet. I was too busy
wrestling with her to see the sneaky guy who came up behind me and turned my
lights out.

	When I came around it was dark and I had the mother of all headaches. It
hurt to move my head and it only got worse as I attempted to get to my feet. The
room started to spin and I just leaned against the wall and rode out the storm.
From what I could make out in the darkness the place was deserted; everyone
including Dina and Miranda had vanished to parts unknown. I got very nervous at
this juncture. I hadn't exactly made a lot of friends with my assault on the
director and the threats I'd made to some of the other flunkies that worked for
her. I considered myself fortunate that the only souvenir I had of my brief bout
with stupidity was a lump on my head. I carefully moved myself from one wall to
another and gradually made my way from the building. It was dark outside. I
couldn't read my watch, so I just started moving in what I remembered to be the
direction to the main complex.

	I made my grand entrance, interrupting an educational demonstration that
featured a skinny lady of indeterminate age and two orangs who were doing some
very interesting things in the way of coupling with their human partner. I'd
seen plenty of scenes where two guys held some bimbo in midair while they
simultaneously skewered both her holes. The orangs had taken this classic
position to new heights by hanging off the skinny woman and doing her fore and
aft as she staggered around the stage trying to keep some semblance of balance.

	The meeting coordinator, that's what he called himself, and I sat down
for a long chat about the missing Japanese video crew and my two charges. At
first he tried to blow me off, saying that there was no official connection
between the Japanese and his group. I refused to buy into that and informed him
that I'd have to report my two lady friends as missing to the local authorities,
since I'd last seen them in the company of the video crew which had now decamped
for parts unknown. I also casually mentioned that the local TV station just
might be interested in my bird's eye view of what had been transpiring down in
this little secluded neck of the woods. To clinch the deal, I also informed him
that my client, the husband of one and father of the other, was going to be a
bit put out when he discovered what happened down here. When I mentioned his
name things got sort of quiet in our room. I knew I was bluffing on some of what
I said, but he didn't know which parts they were, while I did. We soon came to
an accommodation of sorts.

	About an hour after our meeting I received a visit from the local
sheriff and one of his deputies. At first they tried leaning on me and when that
didn't work we got down to business. I gave them a description of both women and
managed to also provide them with a recent, a very recent picture of Dina that
had been suitably edited to protect the innocent or what passed for innocence in
these parts. I also did my best to describe the director and her crew, but
frankly they all looked alike to this round eye, and it didn't help that the
three babes wore sunglasses all the time. They told me to hang around for a few
days while they beat the bushes for my charges as well as the Japanese video
crew.

	That turned out to be a most enjoyable time. It seems that  Candy and
her two hot boxed daughters, Sugar and Honey, were still at the complex although
the bonsai folks had mostly left. Honey was a bit tired from her exertions,
after all, being a part of the welcome wagon when you're as young as she was
will take something out of you, especially while others are putting plenty of
other stuff into you. She still had some whip marks and a few miscellaneous
bites and scratches from some of the more overeager folk that wanted to become
her friend, but she still was happy to let me introduce myself to her in all
three of her main holes where I left deposits to show my appreciation for her
bedroom skills.

	Naturally I had to pay some attention to her sister, and Candy also was
bound and determined to show her two sex bombs that mom still was the queen when
it came to separating me from my cum. For the record I became friend number four
hundred and eighty-five of Honey, who evidently had been kept quite busy at her
duties. Despite all the activity that had transpired in the area of her asshole,
Honey was still amazingly tight. Sugar let the cat out of the bag, confessing
that all of them used a special ointment that shrank their orifices for upwards
of twelve hours when applied properly. Unfortunately it could only be applied
once every other day because of some scary side effects that had been observed
by other users.

	After my session with the trio, I slept for nearly fifteen hours. When I
awoke I discovered that I was one of the few folks left from the clambake.
Unfortunately the Sweets, as I called Candy and her daughters, had departed, and
I never did run into them again. I wonder how the old man reacted to the news 
that I'd gotten  Sugar's anal cherry. I'll bet there was hell to pay when that
news came out. I did however find out that my old fuck buddies, Fanny and
Florence, the two country school teachers, were still registered. Unfortunately
the grinning hotel clerk informed me that they were entertaining a group of
students and their teachers from the local high school and they'd left word that
they were not to be disturbed unless the hotel was burning down.

	A few hours later I heard from the sheriff. These guys weren't the usual
type of rubes you find in rural areas based on what they had come up with.
They'd used the Internet to access every auto rental location within two hundred
miles, and had come up with a couple of names that sure sounded like they might
belong to the gang. From there they put out an APB to the counties between here
and where the Japanese were going to return the vans. They got a match and were
interrogating the video crew at the sheriff's station here in the county. They
wondered if I'd like to participate and help them sort things out. In less than
an hour I was being ushered into the interrogation room located in the basement
of the sheriff's station.

	I didn't recognize the three women without their sunglasses, and they
weren't wearing any clothing either. It looked as if they were auditioning for
another torture video, only this time they were in front of the camera and the
local deputies were dishing the hurt out big time. The trio was hanging from
their wrists from hooks in the ceiling, their feet about six inches off the
floor. Once I got over ogling all the Japanese pussy, two were as bald as
billiards and the one with the muff had to be the director, I sorted them out
quickly. The skinny babe in her early 30s was indeed the director. Currently she
was a little banged up despite the fact that the deputies were only using
standard issue rubber hoses, the special type designed to leave very few marks
when used on a recalcitrant prisoner.

	They told me that she had a nasty mouth even though they didn't
understand a word she said. They had decided to calm her down a bit by having
her subjected to a full body cavity search by one of the female members of the
staff. Big Rhonda usually answered the phone and made coffee for the deputies,
but she could be deputized in a pinch and so they had her come down and do the
dirty work while they took pictures and enjoyed the view. Rhonda was a team
player and knew what they needed from her, so she delivered.

	She palmed the evidence they needed, and managed to get her fist up the
Jap director's cunt. It took her some time to get more than her fist into that
tight channel, but after putting some muscle into it she worked about half her
forearm up that twat as the woman's eyes tried to bulge from her head. When she
pulled her slimy hand out of that well stretched hairy muff she held a glassine
packet  which appeared to contain some kind of dangerous drug. It was duly
entered into the log and then the deputies enjoyed the view as Rhonda tried to
get her fist up the Jap's asshole, but even this powerful woman was unable to
breach the tough sphincter guarding the director's shitter. Rhonda lost her
temper at that point and proceeded to punch the director's lights out, landing a
couple of good solid punches to her face after softening her up with some low
blows to the groin.

	The other two, the dominatrices it turned out, were a whole lot smarter
than their boss. They just hung there and smiled at the deputies who were having
a grand time playing with their tits, which were firm and of good size for
people of their ethnic persuation, and running their fingers up and down those
baby smooth slits that promised so much if only they could get in a more
comfortable position. Despite their best efforts at teasing, they too were
catching some good whacks from the rubber hoses, but unlike what the deputies
were dealing out to the one with with the mouth, these two were taking it across
the ass and the belly rather than having their tits flattened and their cunts
split like rotted wood.

	If I wasn't so worried that my two pain sluts were on the verge of death
somewhere, I would have joined the fun and taken some more revenge on that
skinny bitch of a director. Instead I asked the sheriff if I could have the
translator brought in for a little chat. I went with a deputy and picked out the
guy. As we walked back to the interrogation room I filled him in on what was
going down and where he fit into the grand scheme of things. As soon as he
walked into the room and saw the director taking it across her tits from two
deputies using their belts this time, he decided to cooperate, especially since
I had told him that the sheriff already had some hard evidence that his boss was
in possession of narcotics which was a bad thing to have happen in this country.

	It didn't take him long to tell us were they had left the two freaks
after the lady director was finally finished turning them into twin chunks of
quivering meat. He was told that if the women were still alive and not too badly
hurt they all would walk away after the video ladies took care of the sheriff
and his men for their troubles. On the other hand if the bimbos were dead or in
a bad way, he at least would get less jail time than the rest of them for
cooperating with the law enforcement people in finding the victims. I went with
a couple of the deputies and an ambulance that joined us just before we got to
our destination.

	It was not a pretty sight, even for these hardened law enforcement
types. The skin on much of Dina's tits had broken open from the pressure
developed by the swollen flesh beneath. Her blue-black left tit flopped across
her chest wall because the muscles that supported it had been cut by the metal
wire that had been used to noose it tight. Her right one was also grotesquely
swollen  and black, but because for some reason the wire had not yet sliced
completely though her tit flesh and reached the vicinity of her pectoral muscle,
it still remained relatively firm. Her body was a mess from the hundreds of
welts, bruises, cuts and burns that covered it from her neck to knees, both back
and front. She had a deep rope burn around her neck; obviously she had been hung
for some time during the making of the video. Her feet were swollen to nearly
twice their size because the soles had been beaten with perhaps rubber hoses or
even a cane. It was too early to ascertain if any of the bones in her feet were
broken. As bad as all this was, it was the sight of most of her rectum
protruding from her anus that made even the ambulance attendants look away.

	Miranda didn't look as bad as the teen, the most obvious damage seeming
to be her fingernails and toenails which had either been split or removed. Her
face was so swollen that she was unable to open her eyes. One of her nipples had
been cut off and the wound cauterized. Her cunt appeared to be one big bruised
and burned hunk of swollen flesh. Further examination done at the hospital
emergecy room revealed much  more significant injuries. Miranda's skull was
fractured in at least two places, her jaw was broken, at least six teeth had
been knocked out or broken and the eye socket and cheek bone on the left side of
her face were fractured. Later on, brain scans indicated some serious reduction
in her ability to reason and react to certain stimuli. This was probably caused
by the combined effects of her skull fractures and the loss of a substantial
number of brain cells due to the tremendous amount of electricity that had been
passed through her brain.

	The bottom line was that both females would live, but the prognosis for
a complete recovery of their physical and mental faculties was not optimistic. I
was given the task of breaking the news to my client. He did not take it well,
not well at all. He threatened me with all sorts of violence until I told him I
had plenty of witnesses to support my story that his wife and daughter had
willingly gone with these freaks and put themselves in harm's way despite my
best efforts to stop things from getting out of hand. I also reminded him of the
call I'd made a few days ago and what he had told me then. Things got a little
quiet on his end of the line and so I hung up on the SOB.

	There still was the matter of what to do with the video crew and the
three women that were being held in custody. The sheriff was of the opinion that
he had to prefer charges considering the amount of serious injuries that had
been caused by these people. I argued that my client would have to make that
call since it appeared that Dina and Miranda had entered into this deal
willingly. In fact later it was discovered that both had signed some type of
waiver releasing the director from any responsibility for the injuries that
might be caused in the making of her tape. Attached to this waiver was the
script that I had originally seen when I first talked to these folk.

	After we kicked matters around, the sheriff decided that the crew should
be allowed to go back to Japan, but the three ladies would remain in
"protective" custody until a decision could be reached on whether to charge them
with any criminal activity. I couldn't help but grin when I heard him use the
word, "protective". The big smile I got from him in return told me that there
was going to be plenty of payback going on in his little jail for the next few
days while we awaited the arrival of my client.


				 ( To be continued)




				 Help Wanted


				  Chapter 10


	The sheriff was tickled pink by my suggestion that we try out some of
the activities the director had Miranda and Dina undergo in the making of her
video. He got volunteers to set up some of the punishments that the detainees
would be getting over the next few days. He also arranged for a local doctor to
check in on the three terrorist suspects and make sure that no permanent damage
had been done to them. Two other unused rooms were cleaned out so there would be
enough space to set up all the things that were needed to give these ladies a
good taste of American justice, country style. In the interests of fostering a
spirit of cooperation among the local law enforcement agencies he invited the
sheriff and one deputy from each organization to participate in the party.

	I could not wait to get my hands on that lady director. I sweet talked
the sheriff into letting me get the first crack at her, and after he heard what
I wanted to do to that bitch he smiled and gave me his blessings. I drew an
audience of deputies as I went about setting up for what I planned to do to the
slant-eyed cunt.  She had a goodly number of bruises and cuts on her bare body
from the softening up process she'd been through. As soon as she saw me her eyes
got big. She knew who I was and was smart enough to figure out that she was in
for some major league pain. I did my best not to disappoint her.

	Hose clamps were used on her thumbs, and screwed into the bone, bringing
screams of agony from her. These in turn were connected to a chain by loops made
from steel wire. The chain was attached to a  fixture in the ceiling and soon
she was hanging by her thumbs, her feet about six inches off the floor. Now the
fun really began. I had found some industrial plastic ties, the kind used to
hold heavy items to the  pallets on which they were transported. These ties were
so sturdy and tough that one needed a special fixture to tighten them over
whatever cargo they would be holding. That fixture came in very handy for what
came next.

	The first tie went around her flat abdomen, just below her navel. I used
the tool to cinch it down until it started to disappear into her flesh. I got a
few groans and gasps when I gave it the last few turns. I let her get used to
having her belly cut in two before I put the second tie around her. Each of
these plastic binders was two inches wide and about a quarter inch thick, so
they could do a good job of sinking in once they were tightened. The second one
went around her midriff just below her rib cage. This one was tough going as
there wasn't much flesh to sink into on this skinny Asian. I enjoyed her gasps
and screams as I tried to cut her in half once again. The deputies started
grinning as they realized what would soon happen at the rate I was looping these
babies around her bare body. From the look on her face it appeared that she too
was becoming very aware of her fate.

	To give her a little change of pace and some time to get used to
breathing with half her middle missing, I suggested that the deputies start
warming up that flat ass of hers to sort of take her mind off what was happening
to her ability to breathe. I got a show of hands that was unanimous and so I
deputized the first pair to give her a dozen of their best shots using those
police issued belts which were good and thick and studded in portions as well.
They got some interesting sounds out of her as they slashed away at her skinny
butt, turning it a nice shade of red. I let a second and third pair have a go at
making her color go to a sort of magenta, that's more purple than red. They
almost got there before their dozen were used up. At  that point I decided  to
start squeezing down on her chest which would be the most interesting portion of
this nasty punishment she was to suffer.

	It looked as if two more ties would do the job nicely. The first went
under her armpits and just above the tops of her smallish tits that actually had
a nice shape to them. It was too bad she was such a ball buster, she had some
nice physical qualifications if you weren't bothered by breath like rotten fish
and a  hairy muff that smelled like a combination of wet animal fur and aged
piss. I tightened that tie until the bitch squeaked. Her face started to get a
tad red; her lungs were beginning to have a very hard time pumping air in and
out. If I was correct, the last tie would make the job impossible. However I
didn't want it to be abrupt, that wouldn't be much fun to watch. So I figured on
cinching that last tie down over perhaps fifteen minutes or so. That would give
her plenty of time to suffer and prepare to meet her ancestors in hell, if they
believed in any kind of an afterlife over there.

	I stared into her dead cold eyes as I began the process of suffocating
her. The first couple of turns with the tool didn't have much of an impact on
her situation. While I waited for the process to take full effect, I let a
couple more pairs of deputies do the honors on her back and finish turning her
ass purple. It actually looked kind of good all swollen up from the beating
she'd absorbed. By now her face was bright red and her breathing was almost
imperceptible due to the pressure from those plastic garrotes. I happened to
glance up and noticed that there was a steady trickle of blood from her thumbs
working its way down her arms. She was in a world of hurt, which was just where
I wanted to put her.

	Just for laughs I reached out and pinched her nostrils shut. Her eyes
got big and then they started bulging as she lost her last source of air. I
wondered if she'd piss herself, just about five seconds before she let fly. She
was finished and probably would lose her mind when she came around and saw my
smiling face. I cut away the tie around the top portion of her chest and waited
patiently for her to return from her little trip to hell. It took her some time
to open her eyes and the effect on her nervous system when she saw me holding up
another tie was terrific.

	My audience, except for the hard core few who just liked to see that
Jap's eyes try to pop out of her head every time I cut off her air supply,
drifted off to either get something ready for the other two or to add some
markings to their bare bodies. As for me, I just kept working on my little
buddy, trying to see how close to killing her I could come. The second time I
only used one tit flattening tie to send her off on another journey to see her
ancestors. That was the best of all my attempts since it took her nearly a half
hour to finally pass out from the slow but sure loss of air as her lungs labored
against the resistance from the strip of plastic binding her breasts flat to her
chest. I have to admit that I helped things along by occasionally pinching her
nose shut, but only to make her panic, which screwed up her breathing and just
accelerated the inevitable.

	I tried just binding her midsection with ties, but outside of breaking
her skin in a few places, that approach didn't do much to influence her
breathing. In those case I helped matters along by punching her tits flat over
and over until the pain from just taking a normal breath was so intense that it
caused her to pass out. What finally brought this session to an end was one of
her thumbs dislocating and tearing the tendons controlling that digit. It sure
looked ugly and it took some time and help from the doc to get her back so she
could take more punishment. According to the sawbones she would have a very
difficult time ever using that thumb for much else than shoving it up her cunt,
since it wouldn't bend anymore.

	The shot she got for her thumb put her out for the rest of the evening
which meant it was time to visit her buddies to see how they were faring. When I
walked into the room, the first thing that greeted my eyes were the two
dominatrices lying side by side on narrow benches.They both looked as if they
had swallowed a basketball. Their wrists were pulled under the benches and
cuffed together, while their legs were splayed and tightly roped to the ends of
the benches. Seated next to each woman was a deputy holding a hose that was
connected to a water tap jutting from the wall. Standing by each tap was another
deputy who had the assignment to open and close the tap at the spotter's
command. Supervising the entire setup was one of the sheriffs from another
county in the area. From the amount of liquid covering the floor around the
benches plus the water-soaked Japs, it was apparent that a lot of water had
either missed going down their throats or had been rejected by their bloated
bellies.

	"J1 is still in the lead with a measurement of 34.5 inches around while
J2  is closing the gap somewhat, but her 33.5 inch girth isn't doing it just
yet." The sheriff was announcing the results of the last heat.  He turned to the
deputies seated by the women and asked if they were ready to go again. Both
nodded and pushed the hoses into the mouths of their captives. At their signal
the taps were turned open full blast and water poured into the guts of both
women. It was amazing to see their stomachs begin to grow, and then contract a
bit as they began vomiting up the water. One of the deputies lost his temper and
cuffed his prisoner across the head causing her to fountain even more water onto
the floor. The other grinned and pushed his hose even deeper down the throat of
the other "contestant". Water soon came pouring from her nostrils as well as out
past her partially blocked throat. Her opponent now passed out and nearly drown
in the presence of over a dozen members of various law enforcement
organizations. The party was beginning to heat up and I wondered if these two
would survive until morning.

	A third, winner take all, heat was announced to decide which of these
two cum sponges could hold the most water. The local sheriff rose to give the
ground rules for the final heat.  "This is a no time limit heat and the one who
has the biggest belly and can hold it for at least two minutes will be declared
the winner. Her prize will be the honor of allowing one dozen of the area's
finest deputies, chosen by lot, to fuck her in the cunt without any form of
protection in hopes that she will have a little souvenir to take back with her
to Japan or to prison depending on the outcome of the meeting to be held the day
after tomorrow. The loser will handle the remaining deputies, some two dozen,
fine, strapping studs all loaded wth the most potent sperm to be found in this
neck of the woods. The doctor in attendance has chosen to confiscate the birth
control pills found on the person of our detainees since they do not have valid
perscriptions to allow them to have such medications in their possession. On
another topic, I want the handlers to make sure that their charges clean up
their area once a winner as been determined and before the prizes are
distributed." There was a hearty laugh and a round of mock applause from the
gang of deputies that clustered around the two benches.

	J2 was the easy winner of the final heat, a bit of an upset, but one
accomplished by the teamwork between her two handlers. Unlike the other group
who tried brute force to flood their human container with as much water as fast
as they could force it down her throat, they took their time. They gave the
dominatrix a chance to get used to the water pressure and then even relaxed her
further by manipulating her genitals to take her mind off the pain caused by her
bulging belly.

	At one time in the contest, the bloated belly of J1 was measured at 39
inches, but unfortunately she could not hold that for more than a half minute
before losing much of it through her nose and mouth, causing a delay in their
attempts to reestablish her former girth. The ultimate winner managed to handle
the enormous pressure that produced a mark of 37.5 inches. Once this was
declared a legal measurement, they attempted to grow her belly at least one more
inch, but she passed out from the pressure on her lungs and vomited most of the
water from her stomach. Despite three attempts to get a legal mark greater than
that, her opponent was unsuccessful, causing a great deal of irritation to her
handlers.

	By the time the winner of the final heat was declared, the area was a
mess. Both contestants were released from the bench and made to clean up the
water and bile using only their tongues, lips and mouths. Their handlers
monitored progress carefully, making sure that any missed spots were the cause
for a few lashes from their belts or a furious drubbing of the women's kidney
areas with a rubber hose. It took nearly an hour before the sheriff was
satisfied with the clean-up. He announced that the winner and loser would now
receive their awards. Soon the two dominatrices were bound tightly to the
benches, legs akimbo and cunts available for the attention of the line of
deputies that formed at  the foot of each bench.

	It took a few hours for the ladies to handle all the traffic that was
generated by their availability, but finally the last deputy pulled his tired
cock from the super stretched, cum loaded cunt of J1 or was it J2, and staggered
over to grab a beer. Someone yelled that the electric chair looked like it was
finally working, and so the two fucked out dominatrices were dragged by the hair
into the adjoining room to check out the new equipment. I was a bit pissed off
that my good friend the lady director wasn't available for duty, but there would
be plenty of time tomorrow for her to catch up on her duties as a sort of crash
test dummy for all the toys and  ideas we still had planned for our guests.

	The two Js put up some struggle to avoid going on the hot seat, but they
were no match for the small army of deputies. J2, the winner of the water works
contest, was dragged kicking and screaming in her native tongue, to the chair
and pushed down so that she could be strapped into the "son of old sparky", as
some of the deputies had named the new electric chair. Little did she know that
the wiring was such that not enough current could be supplied to do a good job
of frying her. She began shaking and jabbering in Japaese as the helmet was
placed on the top of her head and her feet were placed in a pan of water laced
with salt to enhance the current that would flow through her body.

	The deputy operating the chair made a big production of getting
everything ready for the initial "electrocution". I managed to involve the
translator in the scene, warning him to do exactly what he was told or he'd be
the next one for the chair. It took an effort for everyone to keep a straight
face as the translator told J2 she had only 30 seconds to pray to her gods
before she would be fried. Her response to this was to piss all over herself,
which had everybody in stitches.Then the deputy threw the switch and the lights
dimmed for a brief moment before the surge of electricity began to tickle the
dominatrix's body causing her to nearly rupture herself trying to escape the
straps that held her in the chair.

	 When the deputy spun the rheostat that controlled the current,
increasing it to the max, tendrils of smoke began to curl out from the metal
helmet and J2 lost control of her bowels, just before passing out from fear more
than any pain, bringing a roar of laughter from the spectators. J1 turned pale
at the sight of her companion evidently being killed in this horrible fashion.
J2 was quickly freed and dragged from the chair, her limp body pulled out of the
room by her feet. Fortunately her fainting spell made what followed even more
entertaining.

	A water hose was brought in to clean off the mess that J2 had made.
Meanwhile J1 was on her knees making all sorts of noise. The translator told me
she was offering to suck and fuck every man here for as long as they wanted if
they would only not kill her. I suggested to my buddy that he ask her if she'd
be willing to do girl-girl with the director and then after the men had enough
of that, the two of them would have a fight to the finish to see who would be
put to death in the chair. It was the shortest conversation I'd heard yet. The
translator spoke for about thirty seconds and all she said was yes, in English,
over and over, yes, yes, yes.

	Now it was my turn to come front and center. I feigned having a
discussion with the sheriff and he went along with the gag. I waved my hands in
the air as if arguing with him and he kept shaking his head. Finally I turned to
J1 and threw up my hands. Then allowing her some time to realize that she was in
trouble, I then made a throat cutting gesture. J1 went beserk and it took three
deputies to calm her down, two to stop her from flailing her arms and one to
kick her squarely in the cunt, taking all the fight out of her.

	J1 was in too much pain to put up much of a fight as the deputies
strapped her into the chair. This time there was another electrical circuit
added to the arrangement. It was separately hooked to the dominatrix's cunt
lips. Everything else was the same as before. The translator gave her the same
story about having only 30 seconds to prepare for death. She surprised us all by
spitting in his direction and saying something in  Japanese that brought a flush
to his face.

	I had to give her credit for more guts than I thought originally. I
guess after she accepted the fact that she was going to cash in her chips, she
decided to go out with some class. She took the full dose of juice and hung in
there as it flowed through her naked body. There was silence in the room except
for the sound of arcing from the circuits that were delivering the electric
shocks to her. Then the special circuit was activated and J1 arched her back and
yelled from the pain. You could clearly see the effect of the power that was
running through her cunt lips, which now were fluttering slightly.

	Then one of the deputies, who was obviously annoyed by her show of
resistance, turned on the water hose and drenched her. This jumped the amount of
current flowing into her body and now she was screaming in agony as the electric
chair slowly fried her insides. Her muscles contracted and spasmed, alternating
as she tried to accommodate herself to the additional power her bare body was
absorbing. I began to get a little worried, but the sheriff had already picked
up on the potential for an international incident and he ordered the deputy
operating the chair to switch off the power immediately. There were some
disappointed moans, grumblings and under the breath comments when the show
abruptly ended with the dominatrix still conscious and quite defiant. She would
pay dearly for this show of courage when they got busy on her the next day, but
for now the show was over. I decided to check up on the condition of the lady
director, for I too had big plans for that bitch once I got a good night's
sleep.


				( To be continued)










 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Help Wanted

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; by

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Lex Ludite





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 11





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;If those three Japanese babes thought they were getting the night off, they had another think coming. The trio was marched down the corridor and moved into the special guest quarters reserved for only those prisoners deemed worthy of these very unique accommodations. The sheriff hoped that they appreciated what housing them in this place meant as far as their status. In all probability they were too far out of it and hurting so much that they failed to understand this great honor.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To them it probably looked like just another jail cell, perhaps larger than most and very well lit, but still constructed from sections of gray concrete and windowless as well. In truth there were numerous observation ports carefully positioned within the walls and ceiling that allowed a complete view of the cell and its occupants. The ports could be used for private viewing of what transpired within, or to tape the activity for subsequent sale to overseas markets, with the proceeds to be used to augment the funding required to feed and house the prisoners.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The hidden ports were one of many features of this unique room. A skilled craftsman would have noticed the heavy duty grills uniformly spaced across the ceiling, blending into the gray concrete due to the color of the paint used to protect them. For the moment they were shut, making it all the more difficult to pick them out. Another feature of the "play pen", as the police called it, that was a well kept secret were the compartments that were exposed once the false front portions of the walls slid open. This was done only when the room was in total darkness. No prisoner to date had ever figured out how some of the things that happened to them could be done, because they were totally unaware of the capabilities that were made hidden from sight.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took some time for the deputies to string the three of them up properly. The director was a real pain in the ass because of her bad thumb, but a few well placed jabs to the groin made her clean up her act and let them hang her by her wrists from one of the hooks that dropped from the ceiling. They were hung side by side with their legs spread to the limit of their tendons, then anchored to ringbolts in the floor using hose clamps attached to their big toes. The anguished noise they made brought smiles to the faces of the men working to prepare them for their night at the disco, as they called what was about to happen to these foreigners. Satisfied that their prisoners were restrained according to regulations, the deputies finished the job by using tape to keep the women's eyes open wide and fasten small detectors to their chests that provided data on their heart rate . They then left with broad grins plastered across their faces, knowing full well what was about to happen to their guests. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For a few minutes nothing of significance occurred. The trio of naked women calmed down and seemed resigned to spending the night in these spartan quarters. Then the lights dimmed slowly, giving them a false sense that nothing exceptional would happen to them for the rest of the night. Soon they were in total darkness and the only sounds came from them as they whispered to each other in their native tongue. Then all hell broke loose as simultaneously a high intensity strobe light began flashing randomly accompanied by the overwhelming din of heavy metal music being played at a volume level that the prisoners could literally feel the sound waves buffeting their bare bodies. This lasted for perhaps ten minutes before being abruptly turned off and the room once more plunged into darkness. The trio were in a state of shock mixed with panic having never experienced such a barrage of sensory input. It was then that the sound of the powerful fans now directing a blast of hot air into the cell assaulted their eardrums.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were a number of deputies hanging around to watch what was happening to the women as they got their first taste of the disco. The readouts from their heart monitors were nearly off scale, which delighted the observers. They sat back and waited for the room to heat up, keeping their eyes glued to the heart monitors. Soon the temperature in the cell was over 100 degrees F. At that point the lights were turned back on so they could watch the trio of Japs sweat and shake, still reacting to the first blast of sound and the strobe. Minutes later the cell was plunged into darkness and the second wave of stimulation began. This time as the strobe light flickered and jumped, the noise being pumped into the hot box was even louder and more discordant than the previous burst. This time their ears were assaulted by the shreiks of grinding metal, which wavered as it rose and fell in a random pattern. To keep them on the verge of panic the strobe light intensity was varied. This coupled with the wavering scream of tortured metal being torn to shreds by powerful saws and the like made the prisoners shake and scream until their voices were hoarse. Once more the fans came on, but this time the bombardment of sight and sound continued unabated.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Abruptly everything except the fans was turned off and the lights werre turned on in the cell so the prisoners could be observed. The director and one of the dominatrices had pissed all over themselves from fright, as evidenced by the pools of pee beneath their straining thighs, pulled to their limits by the anchoring cables attached to their big toes. The other woman was drooling and twitching, obviously frightened half out of her mind. She had retreated into something like a coma to escape the fears that had stripped her down to basics as far as her mental state was concerned. The heart rate for all three was in the red zone, which was a bit more than the police wanted to see at this point. Someone suggested that perhaps a rape break might bring the trio around so they could be tortured further by the sights, sounds, odors and temperature changes that could be utilized to make their existence even more miserable.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Word was sent out to those on patrol that the trio was open for business for the next few hours and anyone who wanted a piece of sushi was urged to come over to the jail and tear one off. The way the women were restrained made it easy to give them a good prodding from either the front or rear. Soon there was a short line formed at each prisoner and a good time was had by all except the ladies being skewered. On the other hand the heart rates of all of them were soon lowered significantly, proving that as far as they were considered, being raped was much more preferable to being in the disco. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Soon some of the deputies began getting creative, penetrating one, then pulling out so they could pummel one of the others before splashing a load of wigglers into her. Then there was the group that came like jack rabbits and then amused themselves further by taking a turn to use their fists to make the victims feel like their insides were being ruptured. Many took the opportunity to spit into the faces of their captives or worse still, used pepper spray on them, making sure that they took plenty in the eyes as well as up their nostrils. The lieutenant in charge called a halt to that for fear that the women might become permanently blinded. He made the deputies involved in this sport wash out the unblinking eyes of their victims with cold water, which was the only kindness they would be shown for the rest of their stay in this prison.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The three prisoners were filled to capacity fore and aft before the fun was over and they were once more being entertained by the sights, sounds and even smells that filled the room in a random pattern. In no time at all their heart rates were running at maximum as they were treated to the roars of wild animals, the screams of tormented people like themselves, the massive blasts of machines ripping and tearing metal and other construction materials to pieces. Perhaps the single most awesome and frightening sound was that of a locomotive that seemed to be barreling down the track, its shrill whistle warning of its impending occupation of the space in which the trio of terrified women waited.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The audio tape was the brain child of a friend of one of the police. His hobby, if you could call it that, was collecting strange noises and sounds. His favorite source, and one that curled the hair of most people who heard the tape were the screams and cries of human beings in the throes of fear, pain and utter madness. These were the ones that made the hair on the back of one's neck rise. These spoke in the universal language of all people of the world and so it was with the three Japanese captives. It was amazing to track their heart rate when they heard the voices. If they were reacting at a time when the strobe light was flashing, it was possible to see that they were actually adding their wails of terror to the wall of sound that was bombarding their ears.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Being able to actually alter the climate within the chamber was perhaps the most amazing capability of the facility. It was difficult to believe that in this out of the way corner of an out of the way state, such technology existed. It depended on two enormous compressors and a huge gas fired furnace that was described by some as a heating and cooling system on steroids. This coupled with turbo fans allowed the room to have its temperature raised or lowered at the rate of close to two degrees per minute. The chamber could be heated to close to one hundred and twenty degrees F, and achieve a low end approaching forty degrees. When the mist injectors were turned on, the occupants would begin to suffer from hypothermia within minutes. When this portion of the climate system was in operation, it was always very carefully monitored. Those in charge of the system had never lost a prisoner, although more than a few had been brought very close to meeting whatever lay beyond this plane of existence.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The three "terrorists" were given the full treatment with extended periods of time sweating off liquids that they could not afford to lose, or shivering, their teeth chattering, as the clammy cold mist wrapped around their naked bodies, slowly draining the heat from them. They inhaled odors that brought tears to their eyes or made them vomit. Their ordeal finally ended after nearly eight hours of unrelenting sensory overload that left them totally numb, eyes staring blankly, drool trickling from the corners of their mouths, muscles cramping from the stress caused by the restraints, nipples stiff as glass, bodies partially coated with sweat, urine and vomit, and an overall look of persons who had experienced things that best had never been revealed to any sane individual. There was still more to follow before their fate was determined by my client who was due today. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Prior to turning in for the night, I'd put in a request for some quiet time with the Japanese lady director. The sheriff was most understanding, and so while her two companions in crime or was it terror, were entertaining the deputies, I took up residence in the chamber where my nasty adversary was still hanging, looking very, very out of it. I had some plans for waking her up good and proper. She'd pissed herself during her stay here, probably more than once based on the size of the puddle beneath her straining body. That was bad enough, but she also reeked of her own natural body odors. That hairy pussy was putting out a stink of rotted fish mixed with chlorine, and a fog of foul smelling stuff hung around her armpits. I wrinkled my nose and for some strange reason my joint began to harden. For a couple of moments I toyed with the idea of dropping my trousers and giving her a nice big load of boiling cum to start off her day.Then the more intelligent portion of my brain took over and decided it would be much more satisfying to compete the process of reducing her to the level of some lower form of animal life.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'd liberated some illegal fireworks that had been confiscated by the local police, along with a pair of needle nosed pliers that had been left in the vicinity of the electric chair. I intended to put both items to good use. To get the director's attention I used the pliers to yank out a hunk of that stinking public hair guarding her fishy twat. She grunted, but only half-heartedly. I smiled at her vacant face and got a grip on another portion of her black, lank fur. I gave a tenatative yank just to get her attention and then&nbsp; took my time slowly ripping another chunk of pussy hair from her cunt. This time I got a stream of Japanese that indicated by its tone that she was less than happy with what&nbsp; was happening to her cunt. To make it even more interesting I used the pliers to get a good grip on one of her wrinkled cunt lips. Then I began worrying the rubbery flesh, yanking the pliers from side to side as well as up and down. Her eyes got big, almost as if they still were taped open. I tried to twist that foul smelling hunk of pussy meat and she screamed her head off. Nothing like a little brute force to get a person's attention. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wondered how she'd react to having one of those stiff nipples clamped tight and then twisted into some kind of pretzel shape. I indulged myself and she damn near broke my eardrums with a howl that was almost animal-like. Now we were getting somewhere. Her pancake shaped tits cried out for a little attention and I responded to their come heather look, grabbing some meat and giving it a good twisting before trying to see how far that tit meat could stretch. It was impressive to see her flesh elongate and turn an angry shade of purple as the needle nose pliers did their work. Now the bitch was actually crying; I was in hog heaven by now. It was time to go to the fireworks for the big finish.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The firecracker routine was something I'd picked up over the years. It's a classic mind fuck, and I'd bet money that my friend the director had never heard of it. Just to make sure I had her undivided attention I used the pliers one last time, letting them bite deep into the inside of one of her straining thighs until a spurt of blood popped from around the jaws of the tool.She nearly passed out from the pain, but somehow held on to her composure. All that was about to change. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Prior to entering the chamber I'd doctored the firecrackers I planned to use to scramble her senses. Except for two of these little bomblets, the rest were duds. The fuse cord would burn down to just above the contents and extinguish itself since the remaining portion of the fuse was soaked with wax. I held the first one up to her eyes and ignited it. I held it for a few seconds,watching the fuse cord sparkle as it burned down rapidly. Then I dropped it below her stretched body, being careful to avoid the puddle of piss and what looked like vomit floating in it. The cracker exploded with a sharp bang and the stench of sizzling cardboard and the minute amount of explosive powder that had ignited filled the room. Her eyes got real big and her body tensed against the bonds holding her stretched in midair as I approached her with another one.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She said something in Japanese, it almost sounded as if she was begging. Her words got louder as I parted her cunt lips and slowly pushed the miniature cannister into her twat. From the tone of what she was saying, it sounded as if she was pleading. That was just what the doctor ordered. I made a big production of striking a match and holding it to the fuse cord. She started trying her damndest to get rid of the small bomblet that was about to go off inside her cunt. Her body wasn't able to move very much and she realized it. I could see the pulse in her neck throbbing&nbsp; as she grew more frantic. Then the fuse fizzled out and I hammed it up for her benefit, cursing and slapping my hands as I frowned in disgust.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next time I slipped two firecrackers into her tight hole and grinned at her before lighting them off. She looked as if she was about to rupture herself as she struggled madly against&nbsp; the ropes and clamps that held her fast. I stepped back and watched as the fuses burned down to the wax and then went out. I feigned anger and even went so far as to take some of it out on my helpless victim. I grabbed those small&nbsp; tits and yanked them apart as hard as I could, bringing a gasp and tears to her slant eyes. Then it was time for the big finish and I played it to the hilt.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her eyes got big, real big when I pulled out a cannon cracker. This bad boy was twice the size of the other duds. I held it up before her face and told her I was going to shove it up her ass and set it off. This was just in case she did understand English, which I strongly doubted. Either way she had to believe that something really bad was about to happen to her, and she was correct. I walked behind her and jammed my thumb up her constricted butthole. It soon widened just enough for me to wedge the cannon cracker into that tight puckered hole. There was no way she could see that I pulled another smaller bomblet out and lit it. I held it as long as I dared and then dropped it. It hit the floor and bounced once before going off. In less time than it takes to tell she lost control of her bladder and bowels. I jumped back to avoid getting splattered by the mess she released from both ends.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I walked out of the chamber leaving the trembling lady director still in a state of shock from the game I had just played on her. She would not forget that little scene for a long, long time, that was for sure. I ran into some of the deputies outside, and told them my little friend was open for business. However before they started rearranging her insides, she needed a good hosing because of the little accident that had caused her to make a considerable mess. I suggested that perhaps they might want to chastise her for her lack of good manners, and add that to her growing bill. I wondered what was going on down the corridor where the other members of the trio were entertaining the troops in a manner of speaking.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (lex ludite)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 12



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time I got to where the two dominatrices were being held, the fun and games were in full swing. The deputies had strapped them into a sixty-nine position, mouths jammed into cunts and held in place by Velcro strips. The trussed females were surrounded by four members of the force who were using whips to keep the ladies moving to escape the leather that was raining down on their naked bodes from every direction. The ball of women rolled ceaselessly, first one and then the other becoming exposed to the popping whips. One particular deputy was an expert with the lash and soon the others were transformed into a cheering audience as he turned the two Japs into barber poles.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After the first quartet had their fun, they finished it off by peeing on the two tightly restrained prisoners, causing them to roll furiously in a futile effort to avoid being saturated with the warm, acrid piss that poured down upon them. I watched as the second wave of men took over and started the ball rolling once more. By now the two women were nearly exhausted and they made even easier targets, since they were unable to generate much energy to escape the avalanche of blows that were opening up new cuts and adding further welts to their bare bodies. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two more groups took a turn and the fun wore off quickly because the duo made no effort to escape the whips that flogged them furiously, lying there on their sides and absorbing whatever the deputies could dish out. The frustrated lawmen were reduced to kicking the pair to force them to reveal another section of their naked bodies for the lash. Finally when it appeared that one of the men had overdid it; his heavy steel-toed shoe possibly fracturing a few ribs, the sheriff called an end to this little portion of the session. It was at this time that the Japanese director was dragged into the room to take part in the next event that the men were about to start.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Overnight the electric chair had been given some sort of a tune-up and now was capable of delivering a jolt to its occupant that she'd remember for a long time afterward. It had also been slightly modified by the attachment of a probe that now rose up from the center of the seat. The sheriff decided that the director should be the first to try out the new and improved "old sparky". Before his deputies wrestled her into the chair and made sure the probe was properly seated inside her colon, he supervised the officer who was very carefully smearing the metal rod with a jelly-like substance that would react with the mucous membrane lining the prisoner's colon, significantly enhancing the amount of pain she would receive. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Despite her injuries and the torment she had endured during the night, this 30 something woman put up quite a struggle before they pressed her down onto the probe which slid slowly up between her skinny ass cheeks and worked its way into her colon as her own weight assisted it. Soon she was strapped into the chair, her extremities securely fastened, and the helmet making good contact with her skull thanks to the two inch diameter spot on her head that had been shaved free of her thick, dark hair. She had been too busy strugglng against those strapping her into the chair that the metal pan in which her bare feet rested didn't mean much to her until the deputy in charge of the procedure began pouring water into it and then adding salt to increase the conductivity of the solution. That got a reaction out of her that brought smiles to the faces of those readying the chair to as one put it, "smoke her good".



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To prevent her from biting off or swallowing her tongue while she was being fried, rubber shims were jammed into her mouth to prop open her jaws. Then the sheriff gave the high sign to the deputy running the chair and he pulled the switch completing the circuit and sending some serious electricity through the director's bare body. She went stiff as a board and then her entire body began to tremble as the juice ran thorough her. Her shaking increased and became more violent as her insides began to heat up . The sheriff nodded and the switch was opened for a brief moment. For the next few minutes the Jap director was fried and refried, her body quaking and jerking spasmodically under the intense flow of electrons that surged through her. To make it more interesting she was given short jolts at full power interspersed with longer bursts of power at a slightly lower setting.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The anal probe did its job and soon there was this god awful smell coming from that chair as her&nbsp; bowels reacted to the increase in internal pressure caused by the evaporation of the mucous from her intestinal walls. Her eyes had gotten huge and looked as if any second they would pop from their sockets. Her muscles began to cramp from the electricity flowing through them and she jerked and twisted against her bonds to no avail. Then someone got the bright idea of hosing her down as she took full power and that finished her. Despite the shims she managed to swallow her tongue and it was touch and go before they managed to pull it from her throat and revive her. The sheriff called a halt to the entertainment and suggested that the canine corps, which had arrived during the night, have an opportunty to say hello to the prisoners.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The good old boys really outdid themselves this time. They brought out a low sawhorse and positioned the two battered dominatrices face to face over the top of the fixture, which required them to be in a kneeling position. After slapping them in handcuffs and putting collars around their necks, short lengths of chain links were used to pull their arms up and anchor their cuffed wrists to the rings in the collars. What they did next was mind blowing. A couple of deputies held the Japs' heads rigid and another deputy poured superglue across their lips. Then the deputies holding them steady jammed their faces together and held the struggling women until the glue set, neatly joining the two at the lips. Both of them went a little nuts when they realized their predicament. To complete the setup their ankles were chained to rings in the concrete floor, leaving their hindquarters vulnerable for a variety of things, all bad.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The canine corps consisted of four rather aggressive German shepherds who immediately began barking and slavering as they picked up the scent from the two Japs. The handlers were hard pressed to control the animals who probably would have attacked the joined-at-the-lips pair of dominatrices. To get the dogs interested in nailing these two, it was necessary to season their hindquarters, making sure to include their pussies. Once this was done the dogs were even more eager to get at the pair, but for a thoroughly different reason. Rather than tear them to pieces, they were now interested in tearing off a piece apiece. The room grew quiet as the deputies held their collective breaths and waited for the first pair of dogs to get to doing some business with their strange smelling bitches.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a little time before the first two dogs figured out that the strange smelling pussy in front of them was something to fuck, not bite. One of them mounted his bitch a little before the other and there was hell to pay. The Japs were not in sync yet, but the super glue held. It was one of the funniest things I'd ever seen. One trying to push as she took the first of countless strokes from her dog lover, while the other tried to pull away automatically. It was like watching a pair of those love bugs that inhabit Florida flying around locked together. Then the other dog got into the act; but instead of&nbsp; burying himself in her cunt, he hit the jackpot and drove his red, dripping bone into his bitch's bunghole. That brought a strangled scream from the woman that made things even more interesting. The one taking it in the butt was literally trying to talk through her nostrils since her lips were sealed to her partner. Finally the two dominatrices realized that they had better stay as still as possible or maybe face the rest of their life without a set of lips.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those two shepherds really tore up their bitches, moving so fast that their cocks were just red blurs. They kept up the pace for a couple of minutes, which was amazing. Unfortunately the one reaming out his date's pussy managed to get his knot into her and so when he came, he discovered he was locked up tight in her twat. Meanwhile the other dumped his load and backed off, unaware of his fellow canine's problem. All this one wanted to do was look for a place to lie down, lick his cock and take a nap. The one stuck did not like this at all and did some things, including nipping his bitch, to try to break the bond. The two Japs hung on for dear life and the sake of their lips as the brute frantically tried to get away. Naturally no one, including the handlers, wanted to get near the dog in this situation. So everyone just hung around and made a few side bets on whether or not the super glue or the Japs' lips would go first.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Talk about a lucky break! Who should arrive but my client, Lamont Welby, the husband of Miranda, and stepfather-to-be of Dina.&nbsp; He shook hands with the sheriff and the deputies who played a key role in running down and arresting the perpetrators who had been responsible for the harm that had befallen his wife and her daughter. He had just spent some time with the medical people taking care of Miranda and Dina. Currently both of them were in intensive care; Miranda would recover but the prognosis for her daughter, Dina, was guarded. I knew how much he cared for the teen, and knew that there was going to be some very severe payback to even things up.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was a little surprised when he came over and acknowledged my presence. I was steeling myself for some trouble which I was not about to take from him. That was not the case to my relief. He was not exactly apologetic, but he did admit to the sheriff that my actions had probably been responsible for the two babes being still alive. That in turn led to a very serious discussiona concerning what to do with the prisoners who technically hadn't been arrested or charged with any crime, unless being late with your rental van qualified. Based on my story and what he had been told by Miranda, who was able to describe in broad strokes what had occurred to her and Dina once they had given me the slip, the Jap director was the brains of the operation and everyone else was just a flunky following her orders. He could hardly avoid noticing the condition of the two dominatrices, and was satisfied that they had paid enough for their part in this little fiasco. The director, she was another matter all&nbsp; together.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He and the sheriff put their heads together while the rest of us watched the two flunkies have another close encounter of the doggie kind with the remaining German shepherds. They must have paid close attention to what the other dogs did, because they wasted no time mounting their bitches and giving them the ride of their lives. The Japs were getting pretty good at keeping their heads together no matter what was happening at the other end. By the time the dogs got done blasting them full of canine cum, we gave them a round of mock applause, although there were some hard liners who wanted to see their lips tear off. Getting the super glue off the Japs proved to be quite painful since the stuff used to dissolve the glue burned their lips pretty badly, but nothing compared to the damage that might have been done if a less sophisticated method had been used. I figured it might be a month or so before the ladies were up for any kissing, a relatively minor price to pay for their part in the torture of the two pain sluts.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the sheriff and my client returned, they announced that the two women were free to go back to their home country once they worked off their debt to the local county police for overtime, wear and tear on their vehicles and operating this facility beyond normal working hours. This would be accomplished by having them work for one of the local brothels until such time as the debt was totally serviced. I thought this was a type of poetic justice as these ladies did not seem to be very attracted towards members of the opposite sex. Perhaps their time spent turning tricks for men who had no consideration for them at all might change their ways. Then I laughed to myself and admitted that I was dreaming.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Madam director did not get off as easy. She was turned over to Welby along with her passport, thus making her his ward, or something like that. The director would go to work for a friend of his making hard core underground sex and sadism films for distribution to foreign markets. She would continue in this capacity until Miranda and Dina had recovered sufficiently to return home. At that time they would determine what further punishment she would endure before they too were satisfied. Then, and only then would she be released and sent back to Japan.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Just before departing with his new employee in tow, Welby whispered to me that she was in for a few unpleasant surprises once he got her back to his home and had a chance to work on her personally. He promised pictures of her progress and he delivered big time. Evidently he liked to beat her with a length of heavy duty electrical cabling that had the end stripped down to the braided copper. It sure tore her up big time; I'd have liked to be there when she got the first taste of that nasty weapon between the legs and across her smallish tits that now were mighty big due to the swelling from the frequent beatings they took.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I wondered how she'd ever get through the metal detectors with all the hardware she was now wearing. I've seen tongue studs by the dozen, but never lke the three rings right down the center of her tongue. Six piercings must have hurt like hell. I wonder if he had the job filmed, and guessed that he did and I'd never see it unless I bought a tape at some outrageous price. Those swollen tits had rings through the nipples and heavier rings into the tit flesh itself. But it was her cunt where he outdid himself. Her outer cunt lips were now joined by half a dozen heavy rings, guaranteeing no sex unless her lover happened to own bolt cutters. The hood protecting her clit had been cut away and a stud driven through that super sensitive sex button. Walking must have been a very painful experience with all that jewelry shifting with every step. As far as I was concerned, it couldn't be happening to a more deserving person.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The best pictures he sent showed her flat butt and bald pubic mound after he had some tattoos needled into her flesh, followed by a set of brands that must have hurt like hell. The tats were in Japanese and directed anyone seeing them to screw her in either hole. It seems that Lamont Welby owned a small winery in Northern California and each bottle produced carried the company logo. I guess he thought it paid to advertize, so he had the logo burned into the flesh of her butt cheeks and just above the stud driven through her clit. There is no doubt that if she survived whatever else he and his wife and step-daughter dreamed up for the Jap director,she'd always remember his winery.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I collected my fee and took the first plane out of this bucolic wonderland. On the way back I couldn't help but notice a couple of familiar bodies. There could be no doubt that they belonged to Sugar and Honey, those two little treats that I'd swapped bodily fluids with at the resort. Candy was no where in sight. I watched bemused as a stream of adults, mostly women went up to the twosome during the flight and made small talk with the tykes. I wonder what they'd say if they knew that these two innocents had taken on upwards of fifty men in the last week and were a lot older than they looked. I never did see either one again, perhaps just as well.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued )&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Chapter 13



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On occasion I get work by word of mouth, and such was the case of the missing bride. In point of fact she wasn't a bride in the technical sense and her location was known to the nearest three hundred miles. My client came highly recommended as far as his truthfulness and ability to pay; the latter characteristic critical when I considered taking on an assignment. I noticed that my recent cases all had a common thread, young female teens. This one was no different, which tipped the scales in his favor and so I accepted a retainer and started doing some spadework. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My client was involved in some rather strange stuff, but a quick evaluation indicated to yours truly that it was not cause for too much concern. Devil worship might be off the wall, but to the best of my knowledge it wasn't outlawed in too many states, and seemed to flourish in Mexico, which appeared to be the location of my client's new bride. As he described the background that led up to our arrangement, I listened and made no attempt to be judgmental, which I have learned is a sure way to lose friends and alienate clients.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My client, who wished to remain nameless, claimed to be a bona fide warlock. As such he was entitled to take as his bride any female who had undergone menarche, a fancy name for her first period. He was quick to make sure that he understood there were penalties for those who had sex with underage children as defined by each and every state. He always made absolutely certain to have the marriage ceremony in a county of a state where his new bride was considered to be at the age of consent. Thus his latest wedding had taken place in the midwest, no surprise to this jaded veteran of such matters.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things had gone smoothly until the ceremony, to be officiated by the chief warlock of the Circle of Hell, (an area composed of almost half of the continental USA) was thrown into a cocked hat by the arrival of his bride, a rather mature fourteen year old firecracker naked except for handcuffs and a hobble chain. It was obvious that she had jumped the gun a little based on the burns and welts crisscrossing her body, and the fresh cum that was oozing from the raw, swollen wound that used to be her fresh, tight virgin cunt. The little darling from hell had also been sampling some of the more powerful mind altering drugs common to the area, and was feeling no pain. Somehow she and my client managed to get through the I dos and don'ts before she passed out.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things got even stranger, if such a thing were possible, when the group that had been entertaining his bride showed up, claiming the right to a shivaree. When this noisy celebration ended nearly a day later, his new bride was no where to be found. However there was plenty of feedback from some of the folks who witnessed what happened to the young bride at the shivaree, which turned out to be a massacre of sorts. It turned out that her family was a bit upset over her choice of my client to be her devil worshipping husband. To make her realize just how angry they were, they made sure that the friendly folk that had been doing their best to show her the error of her ways got another crack at the newly wed and soon to be nearly dead bride.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To make sure she was wide awake to feel all the things they were going to do to her, she was introduced to more drugs that she either swallowed along with large quantities of stale piss that had been aging for many hours, or mainlined. To make the injections even more painful, they picked such locations as through her nipples and clit. One sadist even managed to give her a pair of injections in her gums, way in the back so the pain was mind-blowing. He was frustrated from giving her more shots when his hypodermic needle broke off in her gum during the second injection.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Then they went back to beating her naked body from neck to kneecaps, front and rear sides, with rubber hoses, sawed off broomsticks and a length of electrical cabling that could only be wielded by a few of the more muscular members of the shivaree party. When they got tired of beating her senseless, they returned to raping her in every hole. Many times two cocks were wedged into her tight cunt, and once a pair of dudes with average sized cocks did the honors in her bleeding asshole. What they lacked in size they made up for with viciousness. The little teen barfed up everything she'd eaten for the last couple of days as tandem cocks sawed away inside her gullet, blocking her windpipe so she passed out repeatedly, only to be revived with lit cigaerettes held to her cunt lips, nipples, armpits, and navel, to name the more popular areas for extinguishing them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They forced gallons of water and piss down her throat until she looked as if she was carrying twins and they were a couple of weeks overdue. One former nurse mixed up a series of enemas that she had collected during her stay in one of the state-run asylums for the criminally insane. They were a big hit with the crowd as each caused the teenaged bride to scream until her voice cracked and in one case she nearly chewed her tongue to pieces as the fiery mixture made it feel as if her lower intestines had caught fire. All good things must come to an end and so it was with the teen bride's shivaree. To make sure she'd always remember this party, they had a tattoo artist ink some interesting designs into her belly, ass and tneck, in exchange for some drugs guaranteed to keep him off the planet for at least a few days.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A motorcycle gang that was preparing to make a run into Mexico to raise hell and get wasted took the teen along as collateral in case they needed something to trade for gas, food or beer. This was all my client had to go on, not much I'm afraid.&nbsp; This information did not sit well with my client, the warlock, and so here he was. The only thing he could offer was that this week the girl's mom and grandmother were supposed to be staying at a resort catering to folks into devil worship and the like. Armed with this slim lead, I headed for Casa Diablo to pick up the bride's trail.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There are few things worse than traveling to an out of the way destination, especially in the heat and humidity of summer in the midwest. It took two different airlines to get within a hundred or so miles of this place, and then a rental car that drove like a tank and had an air conditioner that seemed on the brink of failing the entire time it took to get to the mysterious Casa Diablo. I'll say one thing, it sure was off the beaten path. It was as if someone had built a high wall around a bunch of adult motels, the seedy kind you find downtown where the whores troll for customers. Within it reminded me of some type of upscale prison, if such a facility were possible. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It did have a restaurant attached to a bar that appeared to be illuminated by a fifty watt bulb. After having what passed for dinner, I checked out the bar. Besides myself and the bartender, a scowling fellow about a head taller than me and looking twice as bored by it all, there were four people nursing their drinks, all at the counter. It was hard to make out what they looked like in view of the darkness, but I did determine that two of them were female and obviously not too interested in their male counterparts. That was fine with me; all I wanted was a stiff drink, a hot shower and some peace and quiet so I could grab some sleep and be on the job bright and early tomorrow.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The chanting and howling from the folks next door competed with the noisy air conditioner that wheezed and groaned throughout the night. A few hours before sunup a fight broke out between two women over their male customer who was holed up in the bathroom claiming that his bed was overrun with scorpions. I guess their pounding on the door got him out of the john and back into bed. Now it was the creaking of the bedsprings that added to the cacophony of sounds working against my desire for sleep. It took some time but I guess the two women wore the stud down to the point that he calmed down and the squeaking stopped long enough for me to escape into dreamland once more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I can't say I was at my best when I made an appearance at what passed for the swimming pool. The water had a funny cast to it, possibly from the shimmering heat waves that were already rising from the concrete or perhaps more likely the lack of proper maintenance that was inviting some strange growth to begin taking over the pool's surface. There were perhaps eight people scattered around the pool's perimeter. None of them looked particularly appealing despite the fact that two of them had gone topless. Nothing like the sight of four oddly shaped tits on display so early in the day. I did notice that one guy in a speedo had developed some substantial wood from viewing those uncovered tits. I figured he hadn't sobered up from whatever he'd ingested last evening.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My client had supplied me with some recent photographs of the child bride's mother and grandmother. You talk about trailer trash; these two symbolized all that was trashy. I did however have to admit that for a mother-grandmother combo, they sure looked young. Grandma must have been pushing forty and her offspring looked to be in her late twenties, tops. I did some fast math and realized that this was probably normal in the neck of the woods they were bred and raised. A couple of other things were apparent, tattoos ran in the family, along with big tits. I could imagine that if they were dipped or sprayed for fleas and other parasites and took a bath afterwards, they might be passable if the light was just right and one had a few boilermakers under his belt. A slow scan of the pool did not turn up anyone that might be them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was then that this big, bald guy, maybe a former wrestler or bouncer, made his entrance along with a gaunt creature whose sexualityI had a hard time judging. He was wearing a short white robe that looked expensive, and held a leash attached to the neck of the creature who was crawling in front of him. It was stark naked and obviously had been put through the mill recently based on the looks of the cuts and bruises that dotted its skeleton-like body. Although it was already hotter than the hinges of hell, my skin crawled. The creature was a girl, a very young girl, maybe ten, except she was mighty tall for her age.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Growing up, I was always told that staring at people was impolite, yet here I was staring as the child-like creature crawled by me. Her master yanked the leash hard, choking her, and she stopped by one of the chaise longues set up by the pool. He took off the robe to reveal a spare tire as well as what used to be a pretty fair set of biceps. All he had on beneath the robe was a leather strap that was almost like a g-string, only wider. Before stretching out to get some sun he fished a set of handcuffs from the pocket of his robe and manacled the girl's hands behind her back, making sure that the ratchets were set to bite into the bones of her wrists. He stretched out on the longue and pointed toward his groin. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She crawled over on her knees and leaned forward to use her teeth to unfasten the strap to get at the thick length of cock that lay coiled beneath it. He looked up and caught me gawking. With a small smile on his smooth shaven face he beckoned for me to join him. I felt like the kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar. I sheepishly walked towards him, noticing that the girl had busied herself with sucking his cock back into life. This was too freaky for words, I thought to myself. What the hell had I gotten myself into?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'd heard of stick chicks, even seen some pictures of one, but to be a few feet away from this one was oddly disconcerting. Without even bothering to ask my name or tell me what his was, he launched into a spiel that turned my stomach.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"She weighs a shade under 32 kilos, that's roughly 70 pounds if you don't know your metric. A year and a half ago when I got her, she was a plumpish 48 kilos. I can prove, thanks to her birth certificate, which came with her, that she is sixteen, although as you realize, she looks to be about ten. Thanks to the marvels of modern science, especially perscription drugs, I've not only retarded her maturation, I've put it into full regression. A year ago she had pubic hair, periods and breasts. Today they are just memories. All that and I and my friends have whittled off about one-third of her body weight as well. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I couldn't help but think about the bonsai moppets I'd encountered on my last case. Compared to them, this was on the other end of the spectrum. This girl looked to be on the verge of starvation, not to add the cuts, bruises and burns she carried on that skin and bones body. What kind of monster was this big guy to whom I was talking? The subject of our conversation was going to town on his joint, which had regained most of its stiffness. This was an impressive piece of meat. I wondered how the kid managed to accommodate that slab of cock when he fucked her, or did he bother to fuck her? I got my question answered quickly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" In fact that's why I'm here. I've been giving her to my friends and their friends for the past two days. She's taking a break just now. I haven't fed or watered her since we got here, and she'll do anything right now for something to eat or drink. That's the reason for the rather enthusiastic head she's providing. At this stage my cum tastes like filet mignon and piss is better than champagne. I've been told that yesterday she sucked off a dog, but she wasn't allowed to have any of its cum. She cried like a baby until some of my friends put her back on the mattress and started another gangbang that lasted quite some time and left her unconscious. I'm afraid she's not exactly a ton of fun this morning, if you'll pardon my poor pun."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was speechless; this guy was indeed some kind of a monster for sure. I was trying to figure out how to get away from this ugly situation when he yanked his dick from the stick chick's mouth and sprayed her face with a huge blast of the white stuff, deliberately aiming for her vacant eyes. Because of the cuffs she couldn't do much to get at the cum dripping down her face except frantically flick out her tongue in hopes of capturing a few drops that coated her lips. That got him angry and the next thing I knew, he dragged her trembling body by her hair to the edge of the pool and then heaved her at least three feet into the scummy water. He watched impassively as she struggled to keep her head above water, and then went under, leaving a trail of bubbles to mark her location. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I jumped up and ran to the edge of the pool before deciding that this was not my call. I waited for the girl to resurface as drowning persons normally do. Seconds later her head broke the surface and she screamed for help, but was studiously ignored by the others taking the sun. The big guy looked at me out of the corner of his eye. I feigned disinterest and turned to go back and see whether the breakfast food in the restaurant was edible. He blinked first to my great relief.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Do me a favor and get her out of the pool. I don't want to get wet right now on her account."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I replied that since she was his property he should be the one to fish her out. Once more her head bobbed up, only this time she didn't have the energy to scream. We watched her lose the battle and sink down to the bottom. By now we were drawing some attention from the rest of the folks. I could hear one couple make a bet about how many times she'd come to the surface before she went under permanently. I upped the ante.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"What's in it for me?"



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He sighed and said he'd let me have her after she finished taking care of some folks who were going to see what they could do in the way of adjusting her attitude.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"As you saw already, she gives great head. Despite all the pronging she's gotten over the last two days, I can assure you that her cunt is still surprisingly tight. Her asshole has however been torn up pretty badly, so you might not want to try that unless you protect yourself with a double condom. I'll even throw in my trusty rubber hose that she hates more than anything in the world. Use it between her legs and she'll do anything you want. Personally I like to whack her flat chest until she's so sore she can't breath. It's great fun to watch her slowly turn blue as she zones out from lack of oxygen."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Up she came, but this time she took on a mouthful of pool water and submerged quickly as a couple of people clapped. I took a deep breath and dove in where the last few bubbles had reached the surface. The water was murky and it took a few seconds to spot her body hugging the bottom of the pool. For a bag of bones she put up quite a struggle, fear will do that to a person, make them insanely strong for a brief time. I had to choke her out before I could kick up to the surface, carrying her along like a dead weight. Damn, that water was foul tasting and it left some type of slick all over my body. I managed to paddle to the edge of the pool with the stick chick in tow. He grabbed her by the hair and instead of pulling her out, he dunked her and held that naked chick under until I had to pry his hand off her, returning him from wherever his mind had gone.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once I got her out of the pool I tried to recall how to revive a person who has nearly drowned. I improvised, starting out slapping her silly much to the amusement of her owner. Then I pounded on her bony chest with my fist a couple of times and got a slight response. It was then that the big man stepped in and drove his foot right between her cunt lips, neatly splitting that raw, swollen peach in two. She proceeded to sit up and spew out that oily, foul tasting pool water that she'd been sampling on her numerous trips to the bottom. He grinned&nbsp; at me and said, 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" I'll have her delivered to your room in roughly two to three hours. I've already promised those three gentlemen across from us to let them have a go at her first. All I'll guarantee is she'll be conscious, but in what condition I can't say."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I reminded him to make sure the rubber hose came along with whatever was left of her naked body, bringing a smile to his face. So off he went to introduce the girl to her new friends, and I started my search for the missing twosome. I made a beeline to the seedy front desk of this hotel from hell and showed my pictures to the clerk. His eyes twinkled as he carefully went over them. Then he told me that they had checked in a day before me.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yesterday they had made an appearance by the pool in the nude, and naturally the guests thought&nbsp; they were two slaves sent out by their master to work the crowd. When approached, they were less than polite to the masters and so hotel security had&nbsp; to be called to take them away. They had been rigorously and vigorously interrogated downstairs until security was convinced that this was just a terrible misunderstanding. Mother and daughter were now in their room recovering from the effects of this meeting with the&nbsp; security personnel. If I was interested in taking a look at the tape that was made of the interrogation, it was running on channel sixty-three of the hotel closed circuit home entertainment TV system. However he refused to tell me what their room number was, as per their request upon registering. Ten dollars convinced him that he had misspoke and so armed with the information about their whereabouts, I went to my room to shower and soap the pool scum from my body before returning to the restaurant, such as it was, and having breakfast. It looked like it was going to be a very long day based on what had transpired so far today.



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued-lex ludite)









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted - Chapter 14 revised



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided it would be smarter if I delayed my visit to mom and granny. I couldn't predict how long my little meeting with them might last. The thought of not being in my room when they dumped what was left of the stick chick's body on my doorstep was too risky. Suppose she cashed in her chips while I was still talking with the trailer trash tarts? I could just imagine telling the cops that I didn't know who she was and had no idea why anyone would dump her body at my door. Besides the voyeur in me wanted to see those two bimbos taking a good working over by the security people of Casa Diablo.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;As advertised, the interrogation session was playing on channel 63 and in full swing. It was obvious that the hotel's dungeon doubled as security headquarters. I had to hand it to these guys; they knew their business. The desk clerk had tipped me off to the fact that rather then a frustrating question-answer session that consumed lots of time and usually didn't reveal enough to make it worthwhile, their approach was to beat the hell out of their prisoners first, and then give them one chance to tell all they knew. If that failed, then phase two kicked in, more serious pain and suffering for twice as long before their next chance to come clean.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From the looks of the two pieces of trailer trash, they must have already blown their first opportunity to make a clean breast of it. Speaking of breasts, these two had them, in spades! Granny had the bigger pair, easily DDs, but they had plenty of sag to them. Her daughter's were maybe a D-cup, but rock solid. The two of them were hanging by their wrists from hooks set in the thick timbers that made up the roof of the dungeon. To make it more interesting and painful for the prisoners, heavy weights were hanging from their ankles, stretching their bodies to the limit. Three guys, stripped to the waist, were seeing how hard they could hit the pair of naked tramps. They rotated from one to the other, so at least one guy was always whaling away on mom and the daughter, while the third one took a breather. From the way everyone was sweating, it was obvious that the air conditioning was not operating in the hotel's dungeon.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I kicked back and relaxed, watching the daughter's tits bounce in rhythm to the beating they were taking from the tape-wrapped club. She was gagged with one of those pump-up bungs that made her cheeks puff out like a chipmunk carrying a full load of acorns. I winced when the guy went downstairs and started clubbing her gut.&nbsp; Suddenly I saw snot or maybe vomit shooting from her nostrils. The guy resting up came over and joined the party, whacking his rubber hose across the base of her spine, drubbing her kidney areas with might and main. I almost felt sorry for the dumb bitch, but not quite when I realized that she no doubt played a part in separating my client from his brand new bride.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The one doing grandma wasn't cutting her any slack whatsoever despite her age. He had a pair of leather gloves on and he was using the older woman like a punching bag, working on her flabby gut that hung over her hairy snatch. Every so often he would go lower, using upper-cuts to smash his leather covered fists into her cunt mouth. I noticed that granny had a happy trail, a line of salt and pepper colored pubic hair that had made a foray up to her navel. He stepped away and started jabbing her big ballooning tits, then moved in to&nbsp; flatten them into pancakes using heavier blows. She had a duplicate vacuum gag and you could hear her wheeze every time he caught her with a good solid punch. I had to turn away from the screen when he began hammering her ribcage. Even though she had some excess flesh padding her body, it wasn't much protection when you're taking body shots at point blank range while your&nbsp; body is stretched out so that there is no way you can roll with the punches.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At a signal from the leader of the trio, they switched from rubber hoses, fists and clubs to cattle prods. Depending upon the voltage these were rigged for, the ladies would be soon doing tricks in midair despite the weight stretching their bare bodies or seeing how far out of the sockets the juice could make their eyes pop. The first one stepped up to granny and worked the metal rod into her twat while her eyes got wide, very wide. She knew what was going to happen next, and he didn't disappoint her. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He managed to keep granny in suspense for a time, faking that he was going to squeeze the trigger. He managed to catch her by surprise whe he did give her the juice, sending a bolt of lightning up her fuck tube. It was a distinct shock, in more ways than one, to her nervous system. He held the button down and I swear I could see steam shooting from her cunt as the electricity made the pussy juice that normally kept her fuck box lubricated evaporate. He yanked the rod free and held it up to her nose so she could get a whiff of what fried pussy smelled like. She closed her eyes in a silent plea for mercy. Instead he slipped it back inside her twat and pulled the trigger a second time, making granny's body jerk and bounce like some demented puppet. He held the trigger down for what seemed like forever to her, I'm sure, and when he backed off on the juice a stream of snot shot from her nostrils, cutting off her air supply and making her face go to a pale bluish shade.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Granny must have thought she'd died and gone to hell when he made the circuit of her bare saggy body. First a touch of the prod to a nipple, then a sizzling sound like bacon on a hot griddle. Next the ring of dark flesh surrounding the fried nipple was juiced, a little longer to cover more ground. Granny's eyes shut tight when the prod was placed beneath one of those sagging DDs, moved to another location, then still another, without giving her a shock. He grinned and returned the prod to the original spot and blasted her tit bag with a monster dose of electrons. This resulted in more snot coming from her nose and her eyes popping open for a time and then closing as she passed out from the pain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He woke her up by pressing the prod to the area just below her left eye.He must have known something because old granny snapped back to life in no time flat. He welcomed her by zapping her hairy armpit until some of that unruly hair actually began to singe; you could see the smoke rising from her armpit as her eyes popped from the pain. The camera picked up what was going on with the daughter. She was taking two prods and the men moved from one area to another so quickly that she hardly had time to react to one before somewhere else felt as if it was bursting into flame. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I chuckled when the two of them rammed their tools up her asshole and cunt, turned them on and let her fry. She did the demented puppet dance with a few more moves than her mom had managed to bring off. Her bladder and colon let go at about the same time and a river of shit and piss rocketed from her twitching holes as her face contorted in agony and her body twitched and shook from the force of the electricity flowing through the lower portion. It was even funnier when the two prods were pressed into her tit flesh, one on each solid knocker, and she got the juice full blast. Evidently there wasn't much of a path through her heart muscle since each tit had its own little circuit loop. They juiced her until she passed out, and revived her by giving her an electric goosing up her gaping asshole. I'll have to admit that this piece of trailer trash could really handle some heavy duty punishment and bounce back for even more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While all this was going on, the other guy was still busily working on granny. He'd moved to her face, zapping her eye sockets with quick blasts of juice that almost but not quite boiled off the aqueous solution that kept her eyes moistened. Then he did her nostrils and she almost broke her neck reacting to the pain she received from that little tickle. He moved along her jawline, zapping her every couple of inches as he made the trip from one side to the other. Without that inflatable gag she probably would have chewed her tongue to tatters from the pain. Then he placed the prod dead center on her forehead and she squeezed her eyes shut just before he sent a bolt of electricity into her brain, totally scrambling her mind for a time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Before moving to another method of torturing them prior to once more asking the question, "Do you want more pain and misery?", they concentrated on the daughter while mom just hung there, eyes open but unfocused, chest heaving and snot running from her badly fried nostrils. Even I had to wince in sympathy when two prods were carefully worked into the daughter's cunt as her eyes popped and she struggled madly to escape her bonds. Fat chance of that, with probably forty pounds of weights hanging from her ankles and her wrists so swollen that the ropes around them had disappeared into the folds of flesh that were created. One of the men said something and the other two laughed and slapped their sides. I could read his lips as he said "On three; one, two, zap the bitch, three!" The trailer tart literally went straight up as the juice crawled through her cunt, frying the insides to a crisp. This time vomit came pouring out of her nose and they stepped back and watched her spew. She was gray-faced by the time they pulled the bung from her mouth so she could get some air into her lungs.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For some odd reason they really had it in for the daughter. As bad as the double prod she had just survived was, that was topped by the clit cooker that came next. For this to work, it required that two of them held her cunt lips far apart, exposing her clit. After rubbing the hot button until it was a fat, twitching target, the third member of the trio carefully positioned the prod so that the clit was between the two electrodes. She knew what was coming next and began to struggle in hopes that her clit would be out of the line of fire when the prod was activated. This irritated the prod operator and he jammed it into the pit of her belly, not once, but three times, each one a little harder than the one before it. That calmed her down sufficiently that her clit could be targeted again. This time she took it all, as the arc of electricity passed through that hot, fat sex button, turning it into a cauldron of fire and making her pass out quickly. Even though she was out cold that didn't stop them from repositioning her clit and frying it a second time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They turned back to granny who was just hanging around, minding her own business and probably trying to look inconspicuous. They gave her another taste or two of the prods, speading her broad ass cheeks so the prod could fry that tough muscle guarding her anal passage. It took a couple of good doses of juice before her asshole was gaping to their satisfaction. Then for the grand finale they managed to wedge the prod into her asshole and light her up big time. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She spewed out everything she'd eaten in the past two days, and it was a bunch. Her shit splattered all over the place and made some hits on the trio, which pissed them off royally. Suddenly she was dancing the electrical polka in mid-air, that saggy body doing some new moves that would have been impressive for a broad half her age.I shut my eyes as soon as the prod blistered the skin in the vicinity of her heart. That was a major no-no to anyone who knew anything about electricity. In that area you can easily stop a person's heart or make it lose it's normal rhythm, leading in many cases to death, especially with an older person like granny trailer trash. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By some miracle she survived the hit, although her heart must have tried to leap out of her chest when the juice flashed through it. Fortunately she managed to remain conscious, and cooler heads prevailed. I then realized that I had gotten carried away by an instant replay of something that had happened a few days ago, and obviously the ladies in question had somehow survived since they were still listed as guests of the Casa Diablo. From then on I sat back and just enjoyed the show, knowing full well that neither would be snuffed in the making of this tape. I could almost see the disclaimer crawling beneath shots of the two pieces of trailer trash being mercilessly fried from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I could not believe my eyes at what they were about to do, starting with their favorite,the daughter.&nbsp; They noosed her big firm tits with rope and then ran the ropes through a pulley arrangement that allowed them to pull those bloated bags of tit flesh up until they totally supported the weight of her body and the iron hanging from her ankles. She started rotating slowly from one side to the other, since the way her tits were stretched didn't allow much movement. Then they duplicated this arrangement with granny. Her tits ballooned fast and rapidly distorted to the point that it looked as if they were giant blue-black mushrooms growing from her chest. Those two bitches were getting a lot more than they probably deserved, but it was fun watching those pros do their thing on the two trailer trash tarts.

 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;All good things must come to an end, and so it was with the tape. The trio was merrily beating the whey out of these two tramps as they hung by their distorted tits that seemed to get longer with evey passing minute. Abruptly the screen went dead and then a message scrolled across the bottom announcing that the next showing would be in two hours.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I glanced at my watch and realized my little stick chick should be finishing up her session with the three perverts. Perhaps they might be finishing her in more ways than one; I sincerely hoped not. Frankly the only reason I volunteered to take her off the bald guy's hands for the rest of today, was the fear that she might not survive another day of fun and games with these people. Don't figure me for a softie, it's just that the thought of a super thin teen giving me head while I watched the first part of the trailer trash tarts getting thrashed but good, was an enticing idea. (Try saying that fast a couple of times.) I'd also brought up the remains of breakfast with the intention of feeding her and letting her drink some water before she thanked me properly.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I think it was Robert Burns who said that the best laid plans of mice and men often went astray, except he used Scottish dialect and most people didn't have the faintest idea what the man said. So it was with my hot date with the stick chick. I never did learn what her name was, or whether she even had one. After stewing for an hour, still with no package being delivered, I headed out to see if I could locate my old buddy who promised me the chick. He was no where to be found, in fact the pool area was empty, not&nbsp; what one might normally expect. I went to the front desk and hassled the clerk about the big, bald guy and his pet, the stick chick. He gave me a blank stare despite having a twenty waved under his nose. Now I knew something was up, and it wasn't anything good, that's for sure.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided to cut my losses and visit the child bride's mom and granny. I was not welcomed with open arms, in fact to the contrary. Mom refused to let me in, telling me to fuck off or she'd call security. I thought that was pretty funny so I continued to pound on the door. When I mentioned that I represented her brand new son-in-law, and was very interested in reaching some type of amicable agreement involving cash for information, she relented and opened the door.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The two ladies were swaddled in ratty looking robes that probably were supplied by the hotel. That was a blessing, since I'd just watched their naked bodies getting tenderized and fried down in the dungeon. I had no stomach for seeing the results close-up and personal. It was interesting that neither one showed any facial damage considering the pounding they took on the tape. It was granny who did most of the talking after I described how I got involved with the warlock known only to me as the client. As far as she was concerned, her little granddaughter was being taught a good lesson for disobeying her mother. I glanced over to see mom nodding her head.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I shifted the conversation to another topic, the missing stick chick, and got stone-walled, which set off sirens in my head. I casually mentioned that I was going to have to talk to the security people about this subject and obviously I'd have to mention that they'd proved to be most uncooperative in this matter. Mom got pale at that point and lost her cool. She started in on granny telling her that she should never have told the security guys that the big, bald guy was well connected to certain criminal elements. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things were getting more tangled by the minute. What was the connection between these bimbos and the bald guy? Who was bankrolling their visit to Casa Diablo, and for what purpose? Did any of this have to do with the trip that the bride was taking down to Mexico with the motorcycle gang? At this point I began to get a headache, so I decided to see what I could dig up by talking with the security guys. That's when daughter took off her robe and made me an offer I couldn't refuse.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Did you ever see a real mother-daughter combination doing what ladies do in private when there's no cock available? Care to relax and watch me and my mom get it on for you? Who knows, maybe we can even convince you to join the party once we get done sucking each other dry."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I decided that my visit to the security folks could wait. I was directed to the only chair in the room. Granny lost her robe as well, revealing a collection of bruises that rivaled the tattoos she had. The show started as soon as the two of them hit the bed. It took some time for me to begin to match up the tats and the location, since they kept moving from one position to another, their tongues never stopping. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Yes they were trailer trash, but I defy anyone to not get a bit excited by the sight of a big-titted mother licking the sweat from her daughter's armpits and then slipping her sweat covered tongue into her daughter's mouth so she could sample the taste of her own armpits. Then they shifted and in this round granny enjoyed her daughter's fast tongue as it corkscrewed up her asshole. Then they kissed once more, a long drawn out affair with lots of tongue action so granny could get a taste of her own butthole. It was so gross it worked to give me major wood and the ladies took notice.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I made a move from my chair and the ladies signaled that the show still had a way to go. I got rid of my pants to give my hard cock some room to breathe as the two tramps continued to roll around on the bed, checking out each other's private parts with tongue, teeth, lips, fingers and even toes. They managed to gross me out a few times, once when they did a dueling toe-sucking routine, moving&nbsp; those unwashed digits from cunt to mouth and back again. However the grand finale took the cake. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;First granny squatted over her daughter and emptied her bladder into her offspring's open mouth. The daughter not only captured every drop, but managed to gargle with the golden offering as well. Her mom helped by stopping the flow every so often to avoid any overflow from the other's mouth. Then the two trashy tramps switched places and&nbsp; granny outdid her daughter, giving a great imitation of a Roman fountain. They sucked tongues for the longest time afterward, and then granny crooked her finger in my direction and the next part of this sex circus took off with yours truly as the ringmaster.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Those two worked as a team and quickly had me right where they wanted, on my back with granny's asshole glued to my mouth and her daughter seeing how much of my cock she could swallow in one big gulp. After what they did to yours truly, I developed a greater respect for those ladies who enjoy the ambience of your typical trailer park. At first the thought of making contact with granny's butthole turned me off big time. However she wiggled her plump ass and reminded me that her daughter had already polished that puckered pooper to a glistening finish with her darting tongue. By now the lady in question was happily licking my twitching cock from base to tip and not missing anything as she went. I got busy tickling granny's asshole with my tongue and she moaned and put some muscle into moving that ass across my face, always making sure that her asshole was never more than a tongue length away.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When granny joined her daughter at my cock, it got really interesting. She took the high ground and let her offspring concentrate on trying to swallow my balls, one at a time at first, then after a monumental effort, managing to get my entire nut sack into her wet mouth. When she started humming, I nearly lost my load. I began to wonder how they were able to continue this workout considering what had happened to them only a day or so ago. I guess lying in a tub filled with ice for hours on end might get the swelling down from certain portions of the body. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They told me later while we were resting up for round three of this titanic struggle between myself and the trailer park tarts, that they had both packed their bras with ice cubes and kept them that way for as long as they could stand the icy numbness that resulted. This was day two and they were insistent that I do a good job of licking their big tits, not too roughly either, and sucking their nipples until they could cut glass.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Slipping my stiff joint up into granny's burned out fuckbox was quite a treat. That old snapper put a hammer lock on my dick and held it like grim death until her gyrating hips milked every drop of cum that my churning balls could produce. The only thing I could figure was that her snatch must be lined with asbestos. I also remembered that the daughter took the cattle prod up her asshole and made a mess all over herself, much to the amusement of the guys working on her. I let them know that I'd just viewed the tape of them being fried, stretched and beaten to a pulp. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They laughed and declared that although the cattle prods felt like liquid fire while they were being burned, they left very few mementos of the occasion. The daugher went so far as to claim that getting zapped in the clit by the prod just made her hornier than usual, and left her hot button in top notch working order. I whistled and she quickly offered to let me go down on it and see what I thought. I replied that maybe after I sampled her and her mother's cunt and asshole with my hard cock.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The more pussy and ass they provided, the more impressed I got&nbsp; with them. The daughter laughed and commented that she and mom had double teamed more trailer park managers than they could remember. She got her start when she was thirteen and never looked back except when she got knocked up by one of her many boyfriends, who split for parts unknown just about the time she figured out she was pregnant.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The final&nbsp; lesson I learned was that eating aged trailer park pussy was like drinking Scotch; it was an acquired taste. Going down on the younger of the two was like eating vanilla icecream. It was alright, but lacked zing. As soon as I made a few trips up her mom's happy trail, helped in part by the younger sucking my asshole and giggling into it as well, I discovered that the mixture of pubic hair, the strange material lodged in her navel and her abundant sweat made a potent concoction that changed me forever. For a moment I thought about taking my life savings and buying a trailer park, hopefully with these two as my first customers for rent relief in exchange for all the pussy I could eat and fuck on alternate wednesdays.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was well into afternoon before we broke for lunch, which I bought. For some reason I was no longer eager to get on with the business of locating either the stick chick, the bald guy or the warlock's bride. The daughter, who finally owned up to the name, Miriam, and her mother, now answering to Sandi, with an "i", started getting ready for more of what we had been doing. In an effort to enhance the mood, Miriam began surfing the channels for something hot for us to watch when we weren't staining the sheets. It was then that I found out what had happened to the stick chick. She was appearing on channel 49 with three mean dudes who looked suspiciously like the trio that were out at poolside while I was negotiating with her owner for her time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued-lex ludite)&nbsp; 











 
  Jim
  Normal
  Jim
  2
  1
  2007-08-13T00:39:00Z
  2007-08-13T00:39:00Z
  5
  2257
  12867
  Hewlett-Packard Company
  107
  30
  15094
  12.00
 




 
  false
  
  
  
  false
  false
  false
  
  EN-US
  X-NONE
  X-NONE
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  

 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 






 /* Style Definitions */
 table.MsoNormalTable
	{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
	mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
	mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
	mso-style-noshow:yes;
	mso-style-priority:99;
	mso-style-qformat:yes;
	mso-style-parent:"";
	mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
	mso-para-margin-top:0in;
	mso-para-margin-right:0in;
	mso-para-margin-bottom:10.0pt;
	mso-para-margin-left:0in;
	line-height:115%;
	mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
	font-size:11.0pt;
	font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
	mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
	mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
	mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;}


 

 
  
 






 Help Wanted - Chapter 15

&nbsp;

 Miriam and Sandi just stood there,
open-mouthed as I quickly dressed and left their room, headed for the security
office, such as it was. At first no one seemed interested in talking to me
about what was playing on Channel 45, until I mentioned that the person I was
supposed to see this afternoon was the very same one that was starring in an
S&amp;M tape playing on their in-room cable system. The next thing I knew I was
facing the same trio that had been by the pool. The plot was thickening and I
didn't like the way things were going.

&nbsp;

 They had me at a disadvantage, and
proceeded to prove it. They knew who I was, and that I had no known criminal
ties. They were very interested as to why I was involved with the
&quot;wraith&quot;. There was a brief moment of silence while I tried to figure
out what the hell was going on. My face must have tipped them off to the fact
that I was clueless about who the &quot;wraith&quot; was, so one of them filled
me in while another stepped out to tend to some security business. Little did I
know that I had just missed being her latest victim.

&nbsp;

 It seemed the wraith and her handler, the
bald guy, were assassins for hire that were rather well known in the kind of
circles these people traveled. They had the pair under surveillance, waiting
for them to make their move. &quot;The stick chick, that ten year-old look alike, was a professional
killer? Sure she was!&quot; My outburst didn't phase them one bit. The guy
debriefing me nodded his head and grinned at me like a wolf staring at a lamb
chop. 

&nbsp;

 What made her nearly impossible to finger
for any of the two dozen hits she had known to have made, was her appearance.
He was willing to bet that everyone of her victims said something like I'd
uttered just before she did them in using poison, knives, guns or her bare
hands. 

&nbsp;

 Her other very quirky characteristic
involved her overwhelming addiction to pain.This woman was a masochist cubed,
off the charts. She lived to kill and to suffer, what a combination! For one of
the rare times in my life I got a little shaky and it showed. My interrogator
had just the ticket, some of my favorite bourbon whiskey in a paper cup,
straight no chaser. It went down smooth and after another I was ready to play
show and tell with these guys.

&nbsp;

 Under the circumstances I had very little
to gain by being coy, so I put all my cards on the table without naming names.
He listened and took some notes as I rambled on about the runaway bride and the
tip I got that brought me to Casa
Diablo. I threw in my conversation with the trailer trash duo who were
currently occupying a room at this establishment and then sat back.He looked
over his notes and nodded. Looking up he asked me if I would like to see what
was happening to the wraith. Since according to him the bitch was tasked with
offing my ass, I was eager to see her getting her jollies.

&nbsp;

 We went down to the rumpus room to view
the activities in progress. There she was, looking even worse than by the pool.
They had her strung up by her bound wrists, legs spread wide and anchored to
cinder blocks on the floor. She was a mess! They'd been whipping her with
electrical cables stripped at one end to allow the copper wire to tear her skin
off to the bone. She was one continuous lump of shredded flesh. What caught my
eye immediately was the way her face was distorted. Half of it was slack, mouth
locked in some type of mocking sneer, one eye wide and staring off into space.
If you looked at it quickly, you would swear her face had melted and then froze
into this grimace. 

&nbsp;

 For a top drawer masochist, she sure was
making plenty of funny noises as they did things to her naked body. My first
question had to do with the legality of torturing this woman without due
process. He laughed and said they all knew what was happening here. This was
the real world of adult criminals who knew the score and played by the rules
that had been made since back in the days when our ancestors were running on
all fours and hoping they didn't run into any creature bigger or faster than them
who was hungry.

&nbsp;

 To make sure she never troubled them
again, they had marked her good. I'm glad I wasn't around for that. They'd
removed the nipples from her flat chest. First they'd burned them with a
jeweler's torch until they were two charred lumps sticking up from her chest
wall. During the process, which took some time to give her all the pain she
could handle and then some, her cunt was generating enough sludge to plug up a
toilet from flushing. The wraith stayed conscious the entire time, which
impressed them greatly. All the while her heart was pounding like a jackhammer
and her blood pressure went through the roof. These people were experts and
knew the value of monitoring their prisoner to make sure she wasn't accidently
killed before her time.

&nbsp;

 Next they used a Dremel tool to grind the
charred flesh down flat. She made lots of good noise while that was going on.
To make it more interesting they'd take a break and do something else to her
like pull out a toenail with pliers after a shim had been hammered beneath it
down to the base to loosen it up. What made this so effective was it broke her
concentration and diluted the pain somewhat, which is in itself torture to a
masochist. When that was accomplished, to stem the flow of blood they cauterized
the wounds with the torch to finish the job. The wraith was still up for more
pain and suffering so they obliged her.

&nbsp;

 One of the security force had gotten
interested in acupuncture and then branched out into the use of acupuncture
needles as devices for creating pain rather than eliminating it. He even took
time off his job to study under an expert in this arcane field. When he got
back, he started practicing on animals such as stray cats and dogs, alway small
animals for obvious reasons. They turned him loose on the wraith and he brought
her to the brink of death at least three times in a session that lasted well
over two hours and had her screaming herself hoarse the entire time until he
used his needles to deaden her vocal cords because her screams were breaking
his concentration.

&nbsp;

 The things he did to that bag of skin and
bones were totally amazing. Most of what he did didn't look at first to be
anything off the beaten path. Let's face it, if someone gave you a four inch
long needle and said &quot;Have at it&quot;, you could do lots of damage
without any training. The trick was not to use a meat axe approach, but to show
some style and knowledge of what you were doing. That way the victim, or as our
guy described her, the subject, could tolerate enormous amounts of pain and
still be able to handle more.

&nbsp;

 He began by putting his needles in her
armpits and at first there was no reaction and he took some kidding from his
peers. Then he picked out two more of these skewers and plunged one into each
armpit. The wraith tried to literally climb the rope from which her body hung.
The sounds that issued from her mouth were inhuman, so high pitched that some
weren't sure they heard part of her cries of agony. Then he got down to
business. 

&nbsp;

 He put a few into her kneecaps and she
sobbed, then passed out from the pain, depriving her of the rush she always
sought. Revived, he went to work on her chest cavity. He took his time
centering each of his needles, then took a couple of deep breaths to steady
himself before thrusting them into her body. Now people were more respectful
since they saw what he was able to do in time. When he pushed the fifth needle
into her chest cavity, he smiled and stepped back, holding his arms wide in
sort of a triumphant gesture. 

&nbsp;

 Now all eyes were focused on the wraith
who began to twitch and then tremble as her face changed color. That was the
tip-off that she wasn't able to breathe, his needles had somehow paralyzed the
muscles that operated her lungs. She was drowning in a sea of air! He waited
until her face was mottled and her eyes were bulging from her head. Then he
counted slowly to ten and pulled one of the needles from her chest. She
recovered in a few minutes and he did her again. This time he waited until she
passed out before withdrawing the needle that seemed to control her breathing
function. In actuality it required the other four precisely located to make
this happen.

&nbsp;

 He had messed with her mind enough in this
manner. Now she would have no fear of dying, since she knew that he wasn't
allowed to kill her. So he chose to work on her face. He started putting
needles, long needles into her face just below her eyes and one shut and the
other widened until it looked like it was ready to pop out of its socket. He
yanked them out and she went back to normal. He put a couple along her jawline,
beginning at the hinge and working down to her chin, using needles of different
lengths as he moved towards her chin. Halfway down she started screaming and
her voice kept getting higher and higher until it cracked and she passed out.

&nbsp;

 Later, after she came around, he decided
to show off and work on her neck and throat area. The group was blown away when
her face began to respond to the needles going into her neck, becoming twisted in
different places depending upon where he plunged his needle. But he brought the
house down when he cut her off in mid-scream with a well placed needle into her
voice box. He finished her off by working on her mouth. 

&nbsp;

 First he paralyzed it so it remained open
and slack. Then he drove needles into her tongue and under it as well. Her eyes
told the story, bulging, becoming bloodshot and tearing as the needles did
their magic and sent waves of pain racing through her mouth, lips and tongue.
The amount of cunt sludge that she was generating ran down the insides of her
tensed thighs and dripped onto the floor steadily as he turned her mouth, lips
and tongue into one solid pincushion. All the time her eyes got bigger and
bigger, making her appear to be some type of fetish like those used by
practioners of voodoo. This time when she passed out, she stayed out and the
exhibition was terminated so they could get back to doing some serious things
to the rest of her naked body,especially her cunt, which had not taken its share of the pain yet.

&nbsp;

 That was all my stomach could take, so I
took my leave and headed back to my room to freshen up before returning to my
favorite pair of trailer trash tarts, who I hoped were anxiously awaiting my
appearance so we could finish what had been started a few hours or so ago. I
went over to their room to discover that they hadn't bothered to even lock the
door. I tiptoed inside to discover the pair enjoying a heated session of
sixty-nine, their tongues furiously lapping away at the muff being ground into
their respective faces. I took a seat and enjoyed the show until Miriam came up
for air and noticed I'd returned.

&nbsp;

 She let out a whoop and Sandi surfaced,
her face glistening with the cunt cream her daughter had been pumping from her
pussy. It was my guess that all the cum I'd blasted into their twats had been
ingested by now, and they were probably eager for a refill. &quot;What took you
so long? Get them duds off so I can fuck you every way but loose.&quot; I
wondered how many times she'd seen that Clint Eastwood movie, probably dozens
between the times she was putting out in lieu of cash for her rent. After what
I'd seen down in the dungeon located deep within the bowels of Casa Diablo, I
was ready for some good old country fucking to get my head screwed back on
straight by getting the rest of my body screwed well and proper by these two
big-titted tramps.

&nbsp;

 I got plenty of sweet memories from this
epic session that lasted well into the night, except for a two hour break for
refueling at the restaurant and bar. Thanks to my companions and our exertions,
the food tasted good and the drinks packed a wallop. I took this opportunity to
fill them in on what had taken place in my absence. Miriam was too busy downing
her drinks to pay much attention, but her mom took in every word with a look on
her face that told me she knew more than she was letting on.

&nbsp;

 Back at their room the fun began anew. I
was on my back watching my stiff cock disappearing between the plump asscheeks
of Miriam while Sandi fed me her big tits one at a time, so I could suck off
the bourbon she'd liberally doused over those big fun bags. Miriam's big ass
bounced up and down on my hard dick while I enjoyed the view and the bourbon.
Now Sandi's tongue was inside my mouth trying to get a taste of the booze she'd
let me suck off her tits. I was in hog heaven as they say in the country. 

&nbsp;

 It took the two trailer tramps a couple of
hours to suck me dry. Then for laughs they continued to alternately suck and
jack my tired cock until you could almost tie it into a knot. I was done with a
capital D. It was just before they allowed me to go to sleep that Sandi broke
the news that they and not I were the targets of the professionals sent out to
Casa Diablo. I was at best going to be collateral damage. That's why these two
had deliberately gotten themselves taken to the dungeon in order to be out of
the way when the killers arrived.

&nbsp;

 It seems that my client, the warlock, was
behind the attempt on their lives. On their way over to the resort they were
tipped to the fact that two hitmen had been hired to do them in. It seems that
the warlock received some pictures of his wasted new bride after the motorcycle
gang stopped by a little out of the way town in the Mexican state of Coahuila.
She was in such bad condition from the drugs, whippings and taking on two
donkeys as well, that she no longer qualified as his bride, dishonoring him
among his fellow practioners of devil worship. 

&nbsp;

 For a few insane days he acted human and
hired the wraith and her handler to take his revenge on the child bride's
family for resisting his troth and assisting the motorcycle gang in spiriting
the girl away from him. Now that his attempt at revenge had been shattered, he
was on the hook with the shadowy figures that he used to assist him in setting
up this hit. As for the wraith, she had gotten more than just compensation,
since the boys at Casa Diablo sure knew how to make a girl feel pain and
suffering. So it was all's well that ends well, or some such shibboleth. 

&nbsp;

 As for yours truly, I had broken even, had
a little fun in the sack with a pair of trailer trash types who rocked my
world, seen some professional torturers plying their trade, and made it back to
civilization and onto the plane before that damned rental car wheezed its last.
The flight home was uneventful except for the jailbait that plopped her half
naked body down in the seat next to me and tried her seduction routine on yours
truly for the entire time we were in the air. I was too tired to bite and that
turned out to be a smart move when I got a look at the neanderthal that greeted
her upon our arrival. 

&nbsp;

 Well folks,that's all for this time round,
but stay tuned, there always is another interesting story coming round the
bend, you can bet on it, I do. 













 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted - Chapter 16





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After my near death experience at Casa Diablo I was eager for a little vacation until I took a peek into my account at the bank. There was barely enough to pay the rent and keep me in good bourbon. I got the latest issues of every newsletter that needed my type of services, even ones that normally I use for other things besides reading. The market was down across the board and the specter of having to actually work for a living at some kind of a job completely on the up and up loomed in my very near future. Then something happened that was so out of the ordinary it reminded me of those Greek plays where everything got screwed up royally and the only way out for the poor authors was to have some god come down from the heavens in the final act and restore order. How do I know such things? It beats me at times. Being blessed or cursed with a memory that won't quit has a lot to do with it. Enough about my magical powers, let's get back to the good stuff.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Usually I get a letter or in rare cases a phone call from potential clients who either read my ads or know of me from mouth to mouth. So it was that two days after realizing my coffers were nearly barren, there came a knocking at my door and it wasn't the raven either. I checked the visitor out through my peephole, since my address is a very well kept secret for obvious reasons. I found myself staring into the face of one of the most beautiful Chinese babes I'd ever laid eyes on. That was enough for me to ask who she was and why was she beating on my door. Without batting an eyelash, which may have been real, she responded that she wanted to speak to me on a matter that was most confidential. I asked her to step back from the door and hold her arms out from her sides so I could check her out for firearms. Her movie star face broke into a small smile and her black, almond-shaped eyes seemed to glitter with amusement at my rather impertinent request. I was not smiling, being too busy licking my chops over this awesome morsel that the gods had dropped from the heavens.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let her inside and quickly shut the door behind her. I could smell her perfume; something tasteful and no doubt very expensive. While my nose was working on that aspect of my visitor, my eyes were darting from one set of goodies to another. She was stacked and it all looked real. I guess I gawked too much and her smile got a little icy. To recover and reestablish my alpha dog primacy, something else that popped from the collection of odds and ends that lived in the crevices of my brain, I asked if she would mind if I patted her down for weapons. Her reply made my eyes light up like Times Square on New Year's Eve. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Without so much as a "by your leave", she began unbuttoning her perfectly tailored jacket. I almost lost my cool and reached out to take it from her long nailed but delicate hands. Then I assumed my hard-boiled persona, pointing to the overstuffed chair I'd been threatening to throw out for the last two years. I watched with my blood pressure rising and my breath growing short as she pulled out the silk blouse from her skirt and added it to the collection. What a set of tits she was revealing! This Asian goddess was wearing a shelf bra of some nearly transparent material and her nipples were drilling holes in the fabric. That bra was overmatched as far as I was concerned. Half her tits, down to just above the nipples, were exposed and what was left of the bra fighting a losing battle against the big firm tits that were stretching the support straps to their limit. When she breathed, I had trouble getting any air into my lungs, so focused was I on those great knockers.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;For some crazy reason I thought she was going for a gun when she reached inside her skirt to find the zipper. I whipped out my snub nosed 38 and jammed it against her head before either of us realized what had just happened. My reflexes are pretty good for a guy my age and that plus all my experience gave me an edge on almost anyone. Despite being a second away from having her gorgeous head blown open, she remained a cool customer. I backed off, took a deep breath and told her to keep going but not to move too quickly for obvious reasons. That smile became almost a smirk as she removed her skirt and dropped it over the arm of my ratty chair. She was now down to a white lace trimmed garter belt attached to her dark hose, high heels and a black thong that disappeared between a pair of extremely fat cunt lips. Those pussy bumpers were swollen with blood, an indication to this pervert that she was getting sexually excited. I wondered if I'd be getting lucky before she left.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My visitor still had that half smile-smirk on her beautiful face as she slowly pirouetted to show off the rest of her incredible body. Naturally she did this under the guise that she had nothing to hide, and that was correct. I nearly lost it when she displayed her awesome ass with twin buns that looked round, firm and definitely edible. The contrast between her smooth sallow skin and that black thong buried deep in the crevice that separated her perfect cheeks had me in a strange mood. I couldn't help but think that I was being played like some fish by this beauty. Part of me wanted to throw her on the floor and nail her good. Another part wanted to do it twice. However my head stayed firmly on my shoulders as I remembered that this might be a potential customer, not some goddess who decided to have a quick fling with some earthling just for laughs. Damned if she didn't read my mind.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Unless you plan on raping me, is it possible I can dress and get down to business? "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The word "business" got me completely out of my trance. I still ogled her as she pulled on her clothing, but other than that I behaved myself. When she came up with a file folder from the leather pouch she had thrown on the chair before stripping, I came to attention. This was definitely a potential customer; I recognized the signs. I was afraid to offer anything from my refrigerator, which was just as well. Soon we were seated at the dented table that was one of my better pieces of furniture. There she fanned the contents of the file folder and my eyes got big, very big, at what I saw. This looked like something right down my alley. On closer examination I was happy that I hadn't had lunch before seeing this material. She on the other hand never batted an eyelash, fake or otherwise.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There were approximately two dozen pictures of a pair of gaunt Asian females of indiscriminate age having all sorts of horrible things being done to them. They looked to be sisters definitely and possibly twins. The agent, that 's the way she identified herself, gave me a quick smile and nodded her head at my observation.&nbsp; She started out with some background that made the pictures more meaningful. One of these females had broken into the mainframe of a Taiwanese corporation doing classified work for the government. Both were picked up at the local airport waiting for a plane to take them to the mainland. Preliminary questioning yielded little information about them or their purpose. Further investigation revealed that they were the daughters of a high-ranking government official on the mainland. This caused all sorts of flags to be raised since it had the makings of a cause celebre.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They had already been through a preliminary interrogation, which produced these pictures. According to my guest, this was only for openers, a softening up session in the vernacular. I took a more careful look at the photographs this time. She watched me like a hawk as I slowly went from one to the next, trying my best not to telegraph my feeling about them. I couldn't help but notice that both had experienced some severe breast torture based on the way their shrunken tits sagged from their chests. She picked up on my reaction to this and added some additional information to stir things up even more.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" They are only seventeen according to the preliminary investigation, and have been held in isolation for the past two and one half weeks. Drugs have been used to keep them awake most of the time so they can be softened up somewhat before more professional interrogators get an opportunity to work on them. They've also had extremely little to eat or drink, which explains their rather emaciated appearance. I see you are interested in the condition of their breasts. First they were injected with a solution that caused them to swell dramatically, causing some serious pain. I'd estimate they went up at least two-cup sizes before they were hooked up to the pumping machine. One was forced to watch as her sister's breasts had almost every drop of moisture sucked from them, a process that took many hours and was extremely painful as the tapes demonstrate. I have copies in my pouch if you are interested. Then the other underwent the same treatment, only much slower and even more painfully. Unlike her sister, she passed out repeatedly, indicating that although they are twins, they have different thresholds and tolerance for pain. If you look carefully, a pattern of tiny blisters can be seen where the actual suctioning took place. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was one cool customer as well as being well built and gorgeous. She sure seemed to be out of my league, which was too bad for yours truly. I tapped another set of photographs showing the sisters, naked and hanging by their wrists from a pipe overhead, heavy weights attached to their ankles. There was at best a few inches between the weights and the floor below, so near and yet so far. Each had her head down against her chest, trying as best she could to draw enough air into her lungs, but slowly losing that battle. My guest smiled broadly as I tapped those particular pictures. I ignored her overture and went to the next in the group. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Bad enough not being able to breathe properly, nightmarish if you're also being beaten from head to toe with some kind of a whip that left deep bruises as well as numerous gashes and welts on your bare body. There was a concentration of damage on their sausage shaped tits, which evidently had been pumped more than once by the looks of their extreme flatness and distorted shape. I wondered what they would look like once the more stringent torture began. The final set of photographs showed their backsides. Whatever tore them up did a first class job. I'd rarely seen such damage to an ass as this. They looked like raw meat, glistening from the blood that was still dripping from those swollen buns. There were tiny rivulets of blood making tracings down the backs of their legs and even forming a small pool of crimson beneath their feet. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I sighed and pushed the photographs back to her area of the table; I'd seen enough of this to last me for a long time. She picked up on my bottled anger and general distaste for what I had been viewing. I think that's why she got off her high horse and tried to act a bit more like there was a beating heart inside that flawless body. My visitor took another quick glance at the pictures before putting them away inside the file folder. For some odd reason I started to fantasize on what I'd do to her in the same circumstances. All I could imagine for the moment was to tear off her clothing and rape her while I pounded her head against the floor. I'd show that bitch who was who. I guess I telegraphed my thoughts too strongly and she got just a wee bit nervous.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;" Let me say right now that you will not be expected to participate in any manner when the twins are brought over here for further interrogation. I understand your distress over what I've shown you, but realize that one of these two has done some serious damage to Taiwan's security, not something to be taken lightly. Now, as for your role in this matter, I expect you to assist me in transporting the twins from their point of arrival to the facility in which they will remain until we have the information that is needed by my government. Every week you will visit the facility, which is a private hospital run by an organization that shall remain nameless. You will be shown the twins so that you can verify their physical condition against what is in the more detailed documents they will provide to you. The documents will be hand carried by you to another contact that will transmit the documents to me. Your contact will be identified by a phone call you will receive on the day you visit the facility. For this service you'll be paid two thousand, five hundred dollars each week until the assignment ends, one way or another. "



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The money was fine and the situation as she defined it was acceptable as well. Still, I had this funny feeling about the job, but being nearly broke eliminated lots of "what ifs", that I would normally mull over before taking on this open-ended assignment. She smiled when I nodded my head, but offered no extra compensation such as her hot, naked body at my disposal for about two hours in a bed of my choice. Mentally I was crossing my fingers and hoping for the best about this deal. She would call me a day in advance of the delivery of the twins, giving me the meeting place, but not the destination. Evidently I was just some flunky in the grand scheme of things, perhaps just as well under the circumstances.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted - Chapter 17





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When the call came, I was out drumming up some business to keep me in bourbon. I hadn't seen a dime since my meeting with the Chinese sex bomb. Currently I was looking for a lady of the evening, or was it an all-day sucker, if you'll pardon the pun. The hooker had skipped out on her pimp, nothing strange in that, but what she had when she skipped was another matter. She had taken his stash of cocaine, some large fraction of a pound, and money he had squirreled away for a rainy day. My guess is that his crib was underwater until I discovered the whereabouts of the missing hooker. He had given me a couple of pictures of the whore in question, one a close-up of her face, the other of her in the nude doing some strange act with a dog who looked as bored as she was.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was closing in on her thanks to a tip I received from a local snitch that seemed to know where everyone was, even those that the police were seriously looking for and couldn't find. If the cops were smart they'd put him on the payroll and save maybe two squad cars worth of donut eaters in the process. According to my source, said hooker was turning tricks at a local hot pillow motel, having arrived at the premises no more than a few hours ago. This particular place owed me a few favors from past incidents that I handled for them without charge except for whatever the ladies in question chose to provide for services rendered.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was working out of a room on the third floor, which meant hiking up the filthy stairs, being careful not to step in any vomit or spilled hooch. Worse still was the possibility that some addict might be either shooting up in the stairwell or waiting to mug me for enough money to take another trip on the merry-go-round. The last thing I expected was to discover my quarry, wearing only a bra, lying in a pool of fresh blood. Someone had caved in the back of her head with a blunt instrument. I bounded up the last few steps and pushed open the door to the room she had rented. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The place was a mess and stunk of sweat and semen. The rest of her clothing was hanging over a chair by the bed; naturally her purse was missing. I checked the most obvious places where she might have hidden the pimp's "property", and came up empty. I sighed and realized that I must have been only one of many hunters the pimp had sent out to get his property returned. Evidently one of the others had beaten me to the punch. Life is not fair, that was something I had learned a long time ago. So I plodded back to my place and discovered a message on my ancient answering machine.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Evidently my client was a real one unless she planned to have me mugged when we met tomorrow.

My destination was a small airfield located about twenty miles from the city limits. I was there an hour before our meeting time, which gave me some time to check out the situation. The field was deserted, but it seemed to be operational based on my limited knowledge of flight regulations and the like. Twenty minutes later a limousine with darkened windows arrived and parked by my car. The chauffer who got out was big and dressed the part. I kept my distance and enjoyed the security associated with carrying a large caliber gun under my jacket. After a few anxious moments that may have lasted more than a few minutes, one of the passenger windows smoothly opened and a familiar voice asked me to join her. Before I reached her car, the large man who had driven her here blocked my way. He was Asian, probably Chinese, and obviously packing. My patron said something in Chinese and defused the situation. He backed away and I joined her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While we waited she informed me that a truck would be arriving to pick up the cargo. I was to escort her as she checked the contents of the two crates that the aircraft carried. If they proved satisfactory, then they would be transported to the hospital, escorted by her limousine in front and my rental car bringing up the rear. That bit of business settled I enjoyed the view. She was dressed casually in a short skirt that was hiked up around her thighs, a tight top that let me see the outline of her big tits and the fact that she was not wearing a bra. I also took a few whiffs of the air and picked up the scent of pussy juice. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From all the signs, my patron and the chauffer had been doing the nasty in the back seat of the limousine, perhaps on the very seat my bottom rested.&nbsp; That was so much for her dedication to the cause. This one was into more than just making sure that some frazzled teenagers were properly transported to some hellhole for lengthy sessions of torture. I began to wonder if I had missed a golden opportunity when she first made her offer, or should I say proposition. Perhaps if I'd played hard to get, she might have sweetened the pot with some of her juicy pussy. My reveries were swept away by the sound of an aircraft approaching the airstrip.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The twin-engine plane landed uneventfully and taxied over towards where we waited. The engines were killed and we all waited for the truck to arrive. I watched the Chinese babe do tricks with her tits every time she took a deep breath. She reached into her handbag and withdrew a cell phone, which she used to contact the truck. More Chinese was exchanged and she snapped her phone shut and sighed. They were five miles away and should be here in about ten minutes, and they were. We all got out of the limo and headed for the plane. We were joined by the pilot and his assistant, both of whom spoke Chinese, as if I was surprised. A medium sized, closed, panel truck soon completed the circle. Now I was the only round-eye in the group and sure felt out of place.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Two six by six crates were unloaded from the aircraft's cargo bay. The Chinese babe said something to the guys manning the truck and they proceeded to use their pry bars to open the first crate as we all waited to see the cargo. There for all to see was one, naked, emaciated female, her arms and legs attached by manacles to the corners of the crate, putting a tremendous strain on her limbs. We still didn't know too much since her head was enclosed in a leather hood closed by a zipper. My employer told me the hood had been put on in Taiwan and taken off only twice during the entire time to check on her well being, such as it was, and to give her just enough liquid to sustain her during the lengthy trip. The men said something and all laughed at what must have been a joke at the expense of the "cargo". 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By now it was beginning to sink into my consciousness that the body of this person looked as if it had been put through a wood chipper at slow speed. Her entire body showed bruises and cuts in abundance. Upon closer inspection it was apparent that half the smokers in Taiwan had used her as an ashtray, and they hadn't been too particular about where they stubbed them out. Many of her joints were swollen badly and a look at her extremities indicated that quite a few of her fingers and toes had been broken, and not cleanly either. Her torturers had probably used a hammer to break some of her toes and at least her thumbs too. God knows what was used to damage the rest of her digits. It was obvious that she'd never be able to play the piano again, even chopsticks, which proved to be a very poor joke once I thought about it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You had to really look hard to recognize what was left of her tits, especially where the nipples had been removed and the stumps ground down to the skin line, and then evidently cauterized to prevent her from bleeding to death. That was the way I saw it, but my patron smiled cruelly and shook her head. The way she told it, and she should know, the girl's nipples had been torn from her tits using a heated pair of pliers. Then salt had been poured into her wounds to add to her pain and make sure that no infection would get started. Only then was a heated metal plate pressed down on her flat tits to cauterize the twin wounds and further damage her flayed tits. I had been so taken by the loss of her nipples that I hadn't picked up on the fact that perhaps half the skin on each tit had been removed to make torturing the sensitive flesh beneath a more agonizing process. I felt my breakfast beginning to make a mad dash for freedom, and so I looked away and thought good thoughts. In my dreams I banged the Chinese chick until she was bowlegged and then did her ass for about four or five more hours with the aid of an extender to make sure her colon would get infected once I withdrew and let nature do its thing. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was my employer who reached out and unzipped the hood covering the head of the captive. I joined in the collective gasp when we got a good look at her. A huge ball gag had been wedged into her mouth nearly dislocating her jaws. There was a ring of dried drool surrounding the ball. Her eyes were hidden behind a pair of eyecups that evidently were glued to keep them in place during the entire flight. The captive's ears were filled with what looked like wax. Evidently they had poured heated wax into her ears and let it cool to set up a barrier for sound. By now I was hard pressed to believe that anyone on this planet could have survived all that and still be alive. Almost on cue the emaciated teenager tried to move her arm, creating another torrent of Chinese from the onlookers. I was lost for an explanation.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My mistress laughed for a time and then pointed to the girl's pussy, which appeared to belong to a prepubescent female in perfect shape and so out of place considering what they had done to the rest of her body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"I've been told that they did some rather invasive surgery while she was awake and alert. In fact they kept her conscious nearly the entire time that she was interrogated and softened up for the more intensive methods that will be used on her once she has been transported to the hospital. It appears that they slit open her vulva in a number of places and went up her vagina to get at her uterus. They chopped it up into small pieces that could be removed via her widened vagina. Following that procedure they removed her ovaries and fallopian tubes, a rather painful process I am told. They say she began to chew her tongue, forcing them to use a ball gag to prevent serious damage. Once that was accomplished they scraped the mucous membrane from the walls of her vagina on the way out and finally she was circumcised and both sets of labia were removed. That's why her cunt appears to be relatively undamaged. Even if she were allowed to have sex, there would be no way for her to enjoy the process, another small gift from those who softened her up. Of course they saved the best for last. She was fed everything they removed, including the blood and mucous membrane. They tell me she regurgitated it a number of times before finally downing the entire repast."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was no way that any human being could have survived what she just described. Even if it were so, what could be worse? My question would be answered before this little job went into the complete files.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The boss lady was just full of surprises as I discovered when the second crate was opened. I did a double take the moment her naked body came into view. She was hooded, stretched out like the other one,&nbsp; and her bare body was ruined for life, no matter what happened here on out. My patron leaned forward and carefully examined the girl's shredded pussy lips, stretching one section and then smiling when she saw a small mark that must have identified her as being the real deal. That proved to be only the first of three markers. She found the other two and only then did she seem to relax.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She carefully supervised the loading of the crates into the truck. In the meantime the pilot and his assistant checked out the plane's engines and did some maintenance. For some reason I began to get antsy about those two; that proved to be a big mistake. I heard the sounds of automatic weapons and screaming coming from the vicinity of the truck. The two guys who flew in the crates dove for cover, they never made it. Then things got dark, very dark.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite) 















 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Help Wanted - Chapter 18





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I awoke with a splitting headache, but&nbsp; with everything else working normally. The same could not be said for the two guys who flew in the victims, or the big chauffer who was also riddled with bullets from those automatic weapons. There was no evidence of my employer or the truck and its contents. To top it off, I'd been stiffed. I poked around inside the limo to perhaps find some clues that might give me a lead, but it was no dice until I noticed the tightly wrapped package on the floor. There were some markings on it that might be Chinese for all I knew. Perhaps it might be something I could sell to make up for the lost time and my bad headache. Once I got the package open, I regretted my foolish action. It was a brick of some kind of drug; what type I didn't know, nor did I want to at this time. I left it in the car and checked out the airplane to discover more planted drug evidence. Whoever planned this take-over had set me up for the fall and tried to make it look as if it was some kind of drug deal that turned ugly. Why they let me live was another story for another time. I was now about to get the hell out of here and go find some bourbon to dull the pain of a terribly bad day.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next day I awoke with a splitting headache from all the bourbon I'd consumed. At this rate my liver would give out before somebody killed me while I was on a job. That reminded me to see the pimp and see if he was in a charitable mood. It took three days for me to get in contact and actually meet with him. He was positively jovial. It was kind of distracting for me since one of his new girls, a naked, underage blonde with pale blue eyes and tight little titties was on her knees, giving him head while he critiqued her technique. He acted dumb about the death of the one who stole his money and drugs, but admitted that as of yesterday a major shipment of the good stuff had come in from the Far East. This had caused a drop in the street price due to its potency that allowed it to be cut even more than the typical junk that the addicts were using. A light went off inside my head. Suppose those two in the crates were actually mules and what I had been involved in was a drug deal that had gone sour. He was in such a good mood that he even offered me a small sample of this new stuff, but I declined with thanks. The last thing I wanted to have was any trace of drugs on my person. I had had a much closer call at the airfield then I originally thought, and right now I needed some time to figure out just how much potential trouble I might find myself.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The more I thought of my new theory, the less I liked it. Why was one of the mules totally destroyed and on the verge of death?&nbsp; Could it be possible that the organization that arranged this deal was trying to kill two birds with one stone? That made some sense, but obviously my employer at the time wasn't in on the entire deal, or was she? Why didn't they waste me like the others? I might have gone completely around the bend but a phone call saved me from myself. As usual I was away from my apartment hustling for dollars from any source. Today I was acting as hotel security for a hot pillow motel in the seedier area of town.&nbsp; 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was another voice dripping with promises of money, adventure and if I got lucky, some free pussy for doing an excellent job. Where oh where had I heard that one before? How had she gotten hold of my phone number? It slowly dawned on me that she sounded a bit like that other Chinese babe who managed to get my home address. The plot thickened and I debated about becoming involved further. The realization that my bank balance hovered close to zero solved my reluctance. I called the number she left and after half a dozen rings she came on the line and breathlessly thanked me for returning her call. After some small talk she begged me to allow her to visit me so we could discuss an important matter that involved her missing sister.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;When I got a good look at her, I was happy I'd invited her over. This was a beauty, perhaps eighteen or so and ripe. Her name was Lois, she was Asian, and my "instincts" said Chinese. She was wearing short shorts and a tight top that proved conclusively she wasn't wearing a bra. Those stiff nipples were stretching the material to its limit. The words "fresh-faced" ran through my mind as she nervously held out her hand. I grabbed it and for one brief moment felt the urge to pick Lois up and head for the bedroom for a real "happy to meet you" happening. To get an edge on her, I decided to do some mind reading. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Things went smoothly until Lois held up her hand and informed me I was describing her mother, who now lived in Taiwan and held a very important position in the government. The one she wanted me to find was her twin. I groaned inwardly. Would I ever manage to figure out what the hell was going on with all these hot-looking Chinese babes? Did I dare tell her that dear old mom was somehow involved in smuggling people or perhaps drugs into the country? Then I calmed down and took a hard look at the cutie's face, which resulted in me signing on to find her twin sister, knowing full well that all this was in some way connected. Somehow I let this choice morsel get away without taking a tour of my apartment, especially the bedroom. However obtaining the picture of the two of them in scanty bikinis by the pool made it all worth the effort. My only regret was not getting one with both of them full frontal nude.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A couple of hours after our meeting, she called back hysterical. It seems whoever was holding her sister wasn't satisfied. The cutie was being told her presence was also requested or her sister, Luna, would suffer the consequences. They would be coming for her within the hour and she was to be outside, waiting to be picked up. It was now incumbent that yours truly be on the scene before the pick up was made so I could discretely tail them to wherever they took her. For a change my luck held and as I watched Lois was escorted into a nondescript van and whisked away to a place to be determined. They were almost too easy to tail which bothered me. Was I also being tailed? I tried an old trick of losing my tail just long enough to tail them, hoping that they would lead me to where the other vehicle went. I got lucky.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The trail led to a commercial zone outside of town that had seen much better days. I parked a few blocks away from where the van had stopped and waited for half an hour before making my move. It took another half hour to very carefully come up on my target, a two story cinder block building. Parked along the side was the van and car I had ducked, then tailed to this location; both were unoccupied. I very carefully explored the outside of the building and listened for any sounds. It took some doing but at last I picked up some muffled voices coming from the rear of the building. For reasons that I didn't understand, there was a ramp leading up to the roof of the building. I gingerly made my way up and soon discovered there was a window partially open. Before I could reach my objective there was a flash of light that lit up the area around the window. At about the same time I heard what was probably Chinese. Then there was a second burst of light and a nasty laugh, followed by a younger female voice speaking in English begging the speaker to stop hurting her mother. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I took a deep breath and glanced inside, beneath me was a fairly large group of people. There must have been more than half a dozen men gathered around the naked woman strapped to the metal chair. She was wearing just her birthday suit and the display was very impressive despite what they seemed to be doing to her equipment. Off in a corner of the room the twins were huddled together, embracing each other as if to ward off the evil intentions of the group of men still paying attention to the dark haired beauty.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I was at the correct angle to look directly at the victim, who indeed was my former employer who had stiffed me. Even as I tried to hunker down and make myself as unobtrusive as possible, they gave her another dose of juice and her body stiffened then arched against the straps that held that gorgeous body to the chair. The sight brought back memories of the Japanese moviemakers who were given a good workout in the electric chair that was operated by the local law enforcement folk at their place. Only in this case the victim was one hell of a better looking babe, and it looked as if they had just started giving her a little tickle before they got serious and fried some of her brain cells.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;One of the captors got in her face and started screaming in that weird singsong language. It would have been funny except with the ball gag preventing her from speaking, there was no way she could respond to his yelling or whatever it was. Suddenly he gave her a roundhouse punch to the side of the face. Then he grabbed her nipples and tried to twist them off those big, firm tits. I was close enough to see her eyes widen from the pain and then glisten from the tears that followed. He stepped back and nodded to the underling running the chair. He hit the switch and she started dancing again as the electricity surged through her naked body. She twitched and shuddered as those electrons raced through her blood, bones and muscles, leaving a path of damage in their wake. She must have taken twenty or more seconds of pure pain before the grinning goon cut the power. Her body was covered with sweat and there were residual muscle cramps and tics still reacting to the devastating amount of power her body had absorbed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;You talk about a stalemate; this was a perfect example. I didn't have enough firepower to confront the gang of goons doing serious damage to the Chinese babe and in a position to do even more to her twin daughters. All I could do was watch and hope for something to happen that might give me an opportunity to sneak inside and free the trio. It looked as if it was going to be a long night, and not just for yours truly. Down below they were making some changes in the wiring running to their victim. They were attaching metal clamps, the kind used for keeping a bunch of papers together, to the insides of her thighs and cunt lips. As I watched, they slipped a small metal rod deep inside her cunt and wiggled it around until they were satisfied. The chief interrogator leaned forward and spit into her face, then stepped back and slapped her ears with his open hands, once twice and then a third time as his cohorts laughed and made what looked like obscene gestures in the direction of the twins. It was my guess that they were going to be on the hot seat, one way or another, if mom didn't give them whatever they wanted from her.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time when the switch was flipped, my missing but now found employer nearly ruptured herself trying to escape the juice that was flowing through her pussy and surrounding environs. It got so bad that the men surrounding her backed off and held their noses as her flesh cooked to medium rare. The smell was so bad that it rose high enough for me to get a whiff and it wasn't pleasant; believe me! I watched as the rod in her cunt shot out and landed some ten feet away from her writhing form. They gave her a short break while they made sure that the rod would stay inside her cunt this time. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The twins were wailing so loud that they got some attention of the wrong kind. They were brutally attacked with fists and feet. Evidently these goons were into the martial arts, something for me to remember if they ever confronted me. I missed the kick that took out one of the teens but I got a good look as the foot of another goon landed dead center into the twin's pussy. She collapsed to the floor, joining her sister who also was writhing in agony. Not satisfied completely, the goons stomped the teens flat, landing both kicks and punches to their victims. Only a loud scream from the leader got them calmed down enough to tie the girls' hands behind their backs, cop a few cheap feels and stuff gags into their mouths.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Time passed slowly as they slowly fried the dark-haired beauty's innards. One thing was for sure; she'd never have to worry about getting knocked up ever again. That it, if she survived the barbecue featuring her bare body and lots of electricity. The way they had her wired up, every time they threw the switch she took most of the power from her head to those wet feet. What little remained was redirected to the babe's pussy mouth and cunt. It was my educated guess that they'd cut out a portion of her hair to get good contact. I'd noticed at first glance that her feet were in a pan of water to enhance the current flowing through her body. They had also made a splice in the wires to allow them to attach the metal clamps and insert the rod where it would do the most damage to her uterus and baby making equipment. It's weird what things I could recall. Guess being a pussy hound helped me to know the territory.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The leader of the goon gang was getting ticked off but good at his prisoner's reaction to what they were doing to her. In between shocks he was burning her tits with lit cigarettes, and moving slowly in the direction of her nipples that were still rather fat and sassy. That was kind of odd I thought, unless she was secretly enjoying herself. Too bad the screamer wasn't smart enough to connect the dots. Twice he had called a truce and given her a chance to tell him what he wanted to know; twice she shook her head. I looked away when he stubbed his butt out on one of her fat and now not so sassy nipples. A few minutes later after they put the rod up her asshole and made her lose control of her bowels, still without any response from her, he got the bright idea to work on the twins in hopes that watching them being turned into hamburger might loosen her tongue.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)&nbsp; 











&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Help Wanted - Chapter 19







 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The one running the show pointed at the goon operating the electricity and nodded. He flipped the switch and the woman's body surged against the straps holding her to the chair. It didn't take long for the smell of her broiling flesh to reach my nostrils. It was a sickening, almost sweet odor and as I watched transfixed, tendrils of smoke issued from the metal cap covering half of her head. My initial reaction was that they were executing her and the thought drove me to despair. Then the power was turned off and another goon checked her vital signs and gave the thumbs up sign to his boss. She took another big jolt, but only for a few seconds this time. By then she was unconscious and not very entertaining. Now they turned to the twins for their sick enjoyment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From where I was sitting, it was impossible to tell who was who, as if that was important. Despite the distance, what they were showing was USDA prime meat. Their tits were even bigger and firmer than their mother's if that was their relationship. One obviously shaved her pussy while the other let it run wild. The shaved twin put up a terrific struggle until a goon buried his fist into her belly and brought up lunch. Her sister went crazy and for her reward, she caught a kick to the crotch that made her face turn beet red. Then someone else landed a rabbit punch to the back of her neck and it was lights out time for the teen. Things went smoothly and quickly once the girls were brought under control. They cuffed the girls, one in front, and the other behind her back. They also gagged the teens with their own panties and taped them in place. The reason for the different methods of cuffing them became obvious when one was hung by her ankles from the pipe, her long hair almost touching the floor, while her sister was hung by her wrists to the same pipe, but separated by some distance from her twin.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Meanwhile in ring one, they had revived the woman and were putting her to work, whether she liked it or not. To control her, someone had looped a rope around her neck and was using that to throttle her when she gave the goon nailing her any trouble. The wasted woman was on her knees; head down against the floor, her hands cuffed behind her back. The thug doing the honors was squatting behind, hands on her hips to keep her properly positioned while he slipped the pork into her pussy. The twins were too busy with their own problems to pay much attention to the ones raping their mother. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;However within five minutes or so, they were ready to start working on the twins. At a signal from the leader, the woman was moved so that she had a good view of her daughters taking this initial beating. Now that the twins were available for some serious pain, a couple of the gang took off their belts and began ripping into the two teens. One concentrated on the firm, bouncy tits presented for his enjoyment, while the other had decided that his belt buckle could do a much better job of tearing up his victim's heart-shaped ass. My attention moved back and forth from the mother and her twin children. I grew more angry and frustrated by the minute, unable to do much to prevent this terrible scene from continuing until the goons got tired of raping and torturing their helpless victims. When the goon whipping the upside down twin homed in on her plump pussy and began to score serious damage on that pouty piece of fuckmeat, my mind went into overdrive and the light went on in my head. Why not create a diversion that might give me a chance to get these characters on my territory rather than theirs? With one last look at the way the other twin's purpling tits were bouncing in rhythm to the blows from the belt, I headed back to where my car was parked.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I always carry some tools of the trade with me. The ones I wanted right now had to do with cars. I rummaged around in the trunk and came up successful. Now to see how many vehicles belonging to these creeps could be put out of action. I knew where the van and one car were parked; the location of the other vehicles was still unknown. With the help of my tools I was able to disable the first two. It took some walking before I came upon another pair of cars plus a second van. This time I took out one of the cars and left the other two vehicles in operating condition, but bugged. Now all that remained was for me to move my car close to this batch and tail them once they left the scene.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;On my way back to the action I took a minor detour and rigged the fire alarm on one of the larger buildings to go off in ten minutes. Mom was still pulling a train of goons and currently was taking a cock up her asshole. The one sodomizing the black haired beauty was grinning and saying something to the goon with the noose, who nodded and twisted it tighter around her neck. The twins were a mess! I was infuriated and vowed vengeance. Now there were two of them working on those hot tight bodies and it showed. The two whipping their victim's cunt had turned it into raw meat and with every new blow blood was spattered everywhere to the approval of the gang waiting their turn. All I could see of the other twin was the front of her badly beaten body and it looked as if portions, like her tits, had been flayed. The one facing her was now using his belt buckle to tear up that sweet little pussy. I glanced at my watch and saw I had only a few more minutes before the alarm went off. I took one last look before heading for my car.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I made it to my car and then sat there waiting for the sirens. They had out smarted me with their technology, but I didn't realize that until my release from the hospital after a stay of nearly a month. I had a severe concussion from the blow to the back of my skull. Why they didn't finish me off was a mystery that remained unsolved until I got a phone call purporting to be from one of the gang. His English was decent, but what I heard more than his words was the sounds in the background. I've been around long enough to recognize the sound of fist meeting flesh. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Care to guess which one of the females is playing the part of the punching bag? Her kids couldn't take even half of what we've been dishing out to her since we moved to our new digs. It's too bad that one of my men got carried away and cracked a few of her ribs, nothing to get worried about yet. We plan to keep her and those brats alive until we get certain information from her. I was hoping that perhaps you might like to join us and add what you know to what we already know. Don't be nervous; if I'd wanted to have you killed by my man, it would have been done. You were too busy being a hero and trying your best to save those poor innocent lovelies from the nasty yellow monsters to give me much credit for intelligence. That was an insult, but it's no matter in the grand scheme of things. I'm sending a car for you that should be there in about half an hour. Don't be cute, or we'll have to arrange another accident for you; one guaranteed to be fatal."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I found myself listening to a dial tone for quite some time. What kind of trouble had I gotten myself involved? This gang was no bunch of amateurs, that was for certain. They had out smarted me big time and gotten away clean. I had no idea who they were and for which side they were working? There was the dope angle, the stolen technology and god knows what else? From what I think I knew there was a lot more going on behind the scenes than I was aware. Worse still I wasn't even sure who the bad guys were? What the hell, I'm curious by nature, and this little gig was a mystery wrapped up in an enigma to paraphrase Winston Churchill.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My chauffeur arrived and signaled that I should get into the backseat. At least the ride would probably be uneventful right up to the time of my execution. He hadn't even patted me down for weapons, and I was definitely packing. We drove out of the city, which made me a bit nervous. My driver was not the type that liked to talk to his fare, or victim, in my case.&nbsp; When he pulled off the two lane and started down a twisted dirt road that quickly blocked my view of the highway, my armpits started to get moist. We went along for the better part of twenty minutes before coming out into a clearing upon which sat a number of well designed buildings set off from the dirt road that ended at the concrete driveway leading to the main building. My driver pointed to the security camera that had already homed in on yours truly, grinned and motioned for me to head in the direction of the camera. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ten minutes later I found myself in the waiting area looking around for my guide to arrive and escort me into the building. She was a no-nonsense, all business type with a cold fish handshake and a look on her face that was not exactly welcoming. We passed two checkpoints before entering the main portion of the building. By then I had not one, but two badges hanging from my clothing. At long last I was escorted into a small office to meet Dr. Dawn Daniels, a tall thin woman in her forties, still well preserved. Her handshake was much warmer, which comforted me somewhat. What she said next made my eyebrows try to leave my face.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Before I can debrief you, there's this little matter of signing this document stating that you are not to discuss what you will see under any circumstances. Any attempt on your part to disseminate this information to anyone will subject you to arrest and incarceration without any legal representation."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;To say I was speechless would be an understatement. What kind of an organization had yours truly accidentally unearthed? All I could do was stare at the good doctor and squint because of the sunlight bouncing off the widow behind where she was seated. She broke the still life setting by pushing the single piece of paper across the table to where I was securely nailed to the floor, or so it seemed. I distinctly heard a disembodied voice inquiring if I needed a pen. I looked up and it seemed to be suspended at arm's length. Dr. Daniels was smiling and waiting. I shook my head to clear the cobwebs and signed on the dotted line.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once that happened, she heaved a sigh that indicated she was satisfied. For a brief moment I expected her to start unbuttoning her blouse in preparation for a heated meeting of the loins on this very desk. I guess I'd been looking at too many pornos these days. However I got a fairly good runner-up prize that answered all those questions I'd been mulling over concerning this weird case. The good doctor pressed a button and this smiling brunette, with a figure so full and firm it almost transcended the clothing she wore, appeared. So this is my prize I thought. I should be so lucky was the response from deep inside my overheated imagination. She led me away from the office and we took a long walk down some very long corridors before we reached out destination, another relatively small room tastefully furnished and featuring a huge screen that was dark when we arrived and settled down. When she crossed her legs, I forgot about the screen and focused on what she was beginning to show. Then the screen began glowing and gave me one hell of a surprise.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There she was, my little sweetie, Lois, the one who had conned me back into this strange game with her looks and a line of bull that turned out not to be true. Currently she was stark naked and strapped down to a metal table, her legs forced up and apart thanks to the stirrups that held them tightly. She didn't look so good and as I watched, things got distinctly worse for her. Her bare body was not only covered with cuts and bruises, it sported dozens upon dozens of wires glued to her skin, which formed an umbilical that was connected to a black metal box with blinking lights. There were three other persons in the room, all wearing white coats with badges. Lois was gagged with a big red ball, which appeared to be very close to unhinging her jaw, and also made her drool steadily. She was wide-awake and her eyes were blinking almost as rapidly as the ones on the black box.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The brunette leaned forward, her face wreathed in a big smile. She looked almost hypnotized by what was taking place before us, and then began to talk to no one in particular.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"We've been trying to break one of these spies for weeks and still they remain stubborn. The mother is the worst of the three; she has taken more punishment than anyone we've ever had here. It's almost as if she knows we can't kill her or even damage her mind too severely. She's been immersed in frigid baths for as long as forty minutes; enough time to put her on the threshold of brain damage. She has spent over two continuous hours at maximum temperature in the sauna, the same result, no answers to our questions. Our surgeons have performed a hysterectomy on her using only minimal anesthesia. She cried and screamed, even begged to be killed, but remained silent as to what role she and her two assistants played in the theft of Taiwanese technology. Afterwards it was twin mastectomies, once more with minimum anesthesia. Once she had recovered from this procedure, every tooth in her head was extracted over a period of three days. She went into shock on a number of occasions and we are waiting for her to fully recover so she can undergo further interrogation. Next on the agenda we intend to circumcise her, which entails removing her clitoris, and both sets of labia. There will be no pain killer during this surgery."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pride myself on being tough, but what they were doing to their captive was so over the top I was getting queasy. On the other hand, my hot looking escort seemed to be on the verge of an orgasm, based on her heaving tits and flushed face. She made an effort to calm down, but at that moment one of the white coats flipped a switch and Lois turned into a tuning fork, one that had just been struck with a hammer. Instantly my companion homed in on the action, forgetting my presence. She started a blow-by-blow description of what was happening to Lois.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The subject just took two hundred volts through her brain. It's a variation on the standard shock treatment developed by our medical team. Notice how the subject has relaxed. This state lasts for five minutes and during this window she is questioned and her answers recorded for analysis. This one also reacts strongly to sexual stimulation, which also reduces her resistance to questioning. As I speak she is reaching extreme levels of sexual excitement; at her limit based on previous sessions. We've been probing this one for many weeks and so far the amount of information we've obtained is minimal, but of great interest. Colonel Eng, who headed the team that captured the trio, is straining at the leash to have another go at the three of them. He is still quite angry with you for cutting short his interrogation session at the warehouse."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The way she brightened when describing the sadistic Taiwanese official gave me the creeps. She sounded like one of those groupies that hung around the rock stars. I began to wonder if the good colonel and my gorgeous escort were an item. I'll bet she wet her panties every time he twisted her nipples or made her rim him. It might be fun to watch the two of them go at it. Enough was enough and so I asked my guide if I could be on my way since I had some pressing business to attend to somewhere else. She looked disappointed, but it wasn't over me. Now she'd be forced to leave the viewing room just before the action got really interesting, of that I was sure. It had been a trying day or was that six weeks? I hadn't cleared a nickel from this assignment, and my head was beginning to hurt. It was time to go home and crawl into a bottle of bourbon to ease my pain.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took nearly three hours to get back to my apartment, but it was nearly worth the wear and tear on me. I had in my possession a cashier's check for the amount of two thousand, five hundred dollars for my troubles. I'd also been assured that my hospital costs had already been paid. Now it was time to wrap things up as far as this little assignment was concerned. Was there some type of espionage involved, perhaps? Did my mystery woman have a connection with the drug deal that obviously did go down at the airfield, absolutely! Was Colonel Eng involved in the drug deal, maybe? Were the two prisoners in the crates drug carrying "mules" and not the purported spies that had been caught; I'd bet on it! Were the twins the daughters of the mystery woman, probably not. Did they have a part in the scam? My guess would be probably a minor one. Did yours truly get too enamored by the looks of the mystery woman and her "daughter", Lois? You bet I did! Would I ever do this again? Not unless there was some pussy in it for me, that's for sure!





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (Until the next case - lex ludite)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 











 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted - Chapter 20


 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After my more recent assignments, I swore off taking any Asian clients no matter how hot they were or the amount of money they waved under my nose. So for the past month or so I was making a few bucks tracking down cheating husbands or their spouses. My last case provided me not only some money, but as a bonus I got to screw the aggrieved wife as well. For a dame in her early forties who was carrying a few extra pounds in the wrong places, Martha was one hot ball of fire in bed. Why her husband was cheating on her was a great mystery based on what she was capable of delivering? For me, every hole was available, and she didn't mind it when I was a pig and had seconds. This one was eager to engage in anything I suggested. It wasn't until Martha suggested we go into the bathroom for a shower and some water sports that the hidden side of my client was revealed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My well padded partner was on her knees in the shower sucking my dick as I soaped myself and enjoyed that warm, wet mouth on my gradually growing joint. Once she determined I was ready, she suggested her asshole needed some additional stretching before she took her first enema. Ever the gentleman I proceeded to do as my client-sex partner requested. To my great surprise my sperm reservoir was no longer empty. Shortly after this discovery Martha made me transfer the contents from my churning balls into the delightfully tight asshole of my plump, eager companion of the afternoon. Afterward it got very freaky. We got out of the shower and dried off each other. I got the better of that maneuver, especially when I handled her large, still bouncy balloons that were quite solid and very real. When I sucked her nipples she got very passionate, one practiced hand jacking off my semi-limp cock, the other cupping and teasing my balls into renewed activity.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We broke for air and she suggested I fill up the enema bag hanging from the shower curtain over the tub. While I did that she came up with some lubricant and a long, plastic nozzle. Martha slipped the lubed nozzle into her asshole and worked it in and out for about a minute to make sure there would be no problem when the enema was administered. She grinned at me just before she bent over the edge of the tub, announcing that she hadn't had a good cleansing for weeks. Her husband used to do the honors, but he had lost interest recently,&nbsp; just about the time he started running around with another younger woman. I sighed at her remark, having heard it dozens of times in my occupation.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Martha gave me instructions as I slipped the nozzle between those plump ass cheeks, split her sphincter, and forced a sharp intake from my new water sport-loving partner. It was obvious that there had been some weeks since she'd had a nice colonic. I couldn't resist kneading her hanging tits and pinching her very stiff nipples. Taking an enema created all sorts of reactions, most of them heating up her plump body as the flow from the enema bag continued unabated. I rubbed her belly, which was rounding nicely, and was asked to go lower and pay some attention to her drooling pussy. It certainly was flowing, and when I touched it, she moaned and wiggled her rounded body to increase the reaction my touch had caused. I managed to get three fingers into her soaking wet cunt and then it clamped around them. I gave her a whack across the rump and called her an old slut, which made Martha laugh and plead for more attention. I used my other hand to manhandle her dripping twat and soon she was moaning and pleading for even more attention. So more attention was provided and her grunts and moans grew louder with each movement on my part.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;At Martha's request I varied the amount of fluid entering her colon, creating more moans and groans interspersed with some very healthy squeals. On a whim I started to give her big butt some serious spanks and that made her hotter and more vocal. She suggested a break from the flow of water so my semi-hard cock could get some oral attention from this very hot middle-aged lady. I recovered a butt plug from her stash in the cabinet and slammed it home as she gasped from the force of its entry. I hopped into the tub and positioned myself so she could start sucking. This was one enthusiastic woman. My guess was she hadn't had much if anything since hubby started catting around. It took some time, but that was fine since her tits were more accessible now. The more I massaged and squeezed those big, bouncy bags of flesh the more enthusiastically she sucked. This was your classic win-win situation and I made the most of it. Martha surprised me by easily taking most of my growing cock down her throat. Her deep throating was definitely professional grade. It appeared that her husband had done a fairly decent job of training this woman over the years. Too bad he strayed. He'd have been much smarter to start trading his wife to other jaded husbands in exchange for their bored wives.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I've done some strange things in my time, and this would be in my top ten. Now I climbed out of the tub and used my hands to keep her bulging belly from jiggling too much while my renewed cock was plowing deeper and deeper into that wet, clutching cunt. Don't ask why I decided to start nibbling on her ear lobe, but I did. Her reaction was to squeeze her cunt like a vise around my now captive dick. I have to admit that the sensation was pretty damned good and my dick got longer and thicker from her efforts. Now was the time to settle in and really make her gasp and wheeze. She actually yelped like a puppy dog being stepped on when my first thrust sank home inside that dripping tunnel of fuck meat. I almost dropped her full belly, which might have caused plenty of trouble and been a distraction for what we were doing, which was senior fucking with all the weird trimmings. This was new territory for yours truly and made me think that perhaps growing old might not be as boring as I anticipated. All that was missing from this little tryst and its associated fantasy was the arrival of her long-lost daughter, compliments of my fevered imagination, who just loved older men and promised to make it a permanent threesome.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I pounded away at my client and did my best to keep her bulging belly from going completely out of control. Fucking this plump, middle-aged babe turned out to be very enjoyable. Every so often I'd let her belly do some bouncing while I squeezed her tits and yanked those stiff nipples until she whimpered like a whipped dog. Try as I might, there wasn't much gas in the tank, but that didn't deter me from my appointed rounds. Kneading that belly was a turn-on for yours truly, in truth it just popped up and made its debut unannounced. Add that to the ear nibbling had my client whimpering and begging for sexual relief. Too bad there wasn't much hope for her desire for the immediate future. Martha practically cried when I pulled out and alerted her that the enema was about to resume, and to hold on while I substituted the nozzle for the plug.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once more the enema bag's contents were being transferred into the bowels of my client. I did my best to keep her mind off what was happening in her colon and lower intestine. My promise to fuck her bowlegged once she was cleaned out seemed to lift her spirits. Checking her belly indicated that she was pretty full and checking the enema bag confirmed my estimate that she was in the home stretch. Now for the tricky part, making sure she didn't have an accident on her way to the toilet. She warned me that she was out of practice and made no guarantee that she could make the trip without having an accident. Out came the nozzle and Martha headed for the toilet and I escaped from the bathroom, clutching a towel around my waist. The noise emanating from the closed bathroom was not exactly music to my ears. Soon there was an odor seeping from beneath the closed door as the toilet was flushed again and again. I backed away and waited patiently for nature to take its course. It took at least ten minutes before the all clear. Finally the door to the bathroom opened and my client wearing only a smile exited and suggested we return to the bedroom so we could finish what we started. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I took my leave about two hours later, but promised that unless I got extremely busy, I'd return and scratch her itch some more. It was then that my smiling client, who had been screwed silly by yours truly, innocently remarked that her daughter, Ellen, would be visiting in about a week and was going to stay for at least a month. She had just graduated from college and was eager to find a job and start her new life. My bed partner winked and added that the daughter was a slimmer version of herself with a set of tits that made her mother jealous and an appetite for men that was voracious. Then she added that Ellen probably would need some corporal punishment now and then to keep her in line, something her father did with great gusto. She wondered if I might be available if I wasn't too busy. I nodded so fast that I thought my head would fall from my shoulders.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A couple of days later I landed a new client. This one was male, with a German accent, who wanted me to escort his niece to a special hospital where she could be treated for a rare and often fatal disease. Ernst went out of his way to assure me that Uta, his niece, was not capable of transmitting her disease to another person. It would require me to meet his niece at the airport and accompany the girl to the hospital, some two hundred miles away. It sounded like an easy assignment and he provided half my fee and all my expenses in advance. It was then that he provided me with a recent picture of his niece and my eyes nearly fell out of my head. She was seated on a bed wearing only a pair of white lace bikini panties with a transparent crotch. She was brown from the sun with a set of firm, well-shaped tits that appeared to be perfectly symmetrical. Evidently she went topless when she laid out in the sun. Uta had long blonde hair that fell below her shoulders, green cat's eyes and a face that seemed flawless. This would be a hell of a challenge for yours truly, no doubt about that. All that kept running through my mind were the words "Don't touch, don't touch, don't touch...."&nbsp; Out of the corner of my eye I could see a small smile breaking over his face and a knowing nod in my direction. That's when he dropped the bomb and turned this easy money deal into one of the trials of Hercules.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"My niece is rather headstrong and because of her appearance she often gets her way. Under no circumstances should you allow her to take control of any situation. Be advised that she has a very possessive male friend who thinks of her as his property. His maturity and wealth has given him the inside track with Uta, despite her statements to the contrary. He may have chosen to follow her to America, or even already be here awaiting her arrival. He has a hair-trigger temper and can be a formidable opponent for anyone he thinks is attempting to keep her away from him. That is why I have engaged your services. You have a reputation for being honest and caring about your clients. I would be devastated if you deserted Uta in her hour of need under any circumstances."

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I have always wondered why many foreign born people speak better English than we natives do. This was one of those cases. For some reason I felt this man was being fairly honest about the situation I was about to enter. Later as things began to swirl around me in this matter, it would become rather obvious that he chose his words carefully, but left some out in his version of the story he told me. Fortunately for me I've been lied to by the best and worst and lived to tell about it. This case would prove to be no different, at least I sincerely hoped so.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;So there was yours truly waiting at the gate for the arrival of the girl with no last name. My client claimed that she had a fairly good command of the English language, which put me at ease for the moment. Why he refused to give me the teen's last name was a mystery. This was something that my client kept to himself and made no bones about it. She had changed planes in New York in order to arrive as close to the hospital as was practical. Her plane arrived on time but there was a lengthy delay before the passengers began disembarking. I heard bits and pieces of various conversations indicating that there had been a troublemaker on board who was responsible for the arrival of the TSA folks to restore order. I should have known that with my luck it had to be my little buddy,&nbsp; the nasty teenager. Sure enough I was still standing there after the last passenger had left, giving me a nasty look as if the delay was my fault. As it turned out, it was partially my fault.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Suddenly there was a flurry of activity including the flight crew as well as the cabin attendants, followed a minute or two later by another group of folks wearing TSA uniforms. They were struggling mightily to keep their prisoner under control. Naturally it was Uta, more than a little disheveled and still struggling, despite the fact that her hands were cuffed behind her back and one of the female TSA folks had her in what looked like a strangle hold. I guess she had enough of the German fire cracker and suddenly my meal ticket was off the floor with her face starting to go from bright red to a delicate blue from lack of oxygen. I got a good look at her flat belly, now exposed from the wrestling match taking place before me, and discovered she had a ring in her navel. She was also missing one of her boots. At that point she passed out and the tall, heavy-set woman controlling the blonde teenager allowed Uta's feet to touch the floor. The group then quickly disappeared into a door on the other side of the walkway, taking with them my client's senseless niece.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took some time before my memory kicked out the fact that one of my old drinking buddies was now in the TSA and working at this airport. It might be possible to catch and ask a favor from him. I recalled that once I had hooked him up with a lady that kept him busy for the better part of an evening over at her place. Hopefully that might be enough for him to help me retrieve my troublesome cargo. Luck went my way,&nbsp; Marvin, now a supervisor, pulled some strings and shortly afterward he escorted me to the very same door where my passenger disappeared. He made me stay out while he talked matters over with whoever was in charge of my precious cargo, or was it that pain in the ass. It took almost ten minutes before he opened the door and allowed me to enter. There was this big shit-eating grin on his face as he led me to another door and knocked twice. It opened and we parted company.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Surrounding a very naked citizen of Germany were four members of the TSA, which stands for the Transportation Security Administration. The subject of their attention lay partially on a metal table, secured by a thick leather strap running around her midriff. From the way it dug into her flesh it was more than just secured. Apparently she was still wearing the handcuffs as well. Uta's head dangled over one edge of the table, her long blonde tresses making contact with the concrete floor. One of the TSA folks was feeding her his long, thick member, and he wasn't taking "no" for an answer. Her big, brown, bouncy tits were heaving steadily, a good sign indicating she was conscious. It was sort of odd that her nipples would be as hard as they were, considering what was occurring to that fine looking teenage body. It was also quite interesting that Uta was easily handling the meat torpedo the TSA guy was making her swallow.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Her legs were parted and anchored at the thighs to the legs of the metal table, exposing her twat to the group. Currently one of the female members of the team had gotten her fist halfway up the teen's cunt and was doing the push-pull routine at a nice steady pace. It didn't take a genius to tally up (1) the smell emanating from that well stretched pussy, (2) those stiff nipples and (3) the lack of resistance to anything that was happening to her bare body to conclude that the blonde troublemaker was having a grand time being punished for her failure to obey the flight cabin regulations. It seems she ducked into one of the lavatories for a cigarette, a major violation and one that brought the stewards running. Evidently Uta refused to leave the lavatory, forcing the captain to radio the tower that he would need help from the TSA to remove an unruly passenger from the plane once it landed.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From the looks of things Uta was handling her punishment without any help from yours truly. Then they kicked it up a notch. There was a small bathroom located off this room and from it came the other female member of the group. She was naked from the waist down and showing off enough pubic hair to stuff a pillow. She was also carrying a bulging enema bag that was filled to capacity. There could be no doubt that the contents would soon find their way into Uta's colon and anywhere else that had any space available for the water to invade. The fourth member of the group was a guy with a mean streak that bothered me no end. He started using his belt on Uta's big firm tits and worked down to her shaved pussy that was still swallowing half of the forearm of the other female. Fortunately the other guy finally shot his cum down the German teen's throat and damn near choked her with the load.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The quartet acted like I wasn't in the room, which was just as well. There was plenty to learn just by watching how the teenager reacted to the various things that were happening to her. She seemed to enjoy almost everything except the belt. I was amazed at how easily her cunt was taking the fist of the other TSA woman. After all, this was only a seventeen year-old girl. However she was acting like an experienced pro whore. My antenna should have been up and working, but the sight of all that firm flesh had sort of muffled my brain. While the others prepared their captive for her enema or was it enemas, I watched the belt guy as he started to make Uta deep throat him. His cock was not as long as the other man, but it was wider. He wasted no time punching it down the teen's throat making her gag and drool. He wrapped her hair around his hands and used them like reins, reducing his victim into a choking, gagging mess. It was astonishing just how much saliva Uta brought up and drooled onto the floor below her lolling head. She was on the verge of passing out when the others suggested he take a break while they gave the troublemaker her first enema.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This was not the first time this had happened in this room. They had set things up to allow the enema bag to be hung to a strut that moved out and up from the side of the table. A small, very thick canvas mat was slipped under Uta's bottom to make it easy to insert the nozzle into the teen's asshole. Her legs were freed long enough to pull them back until her ankles were parallel with her shoulders. What looked like bungee cords were attached to her ankles and tied down to the table. They were intentionally rough when this was done and brought grunts of pain from the teenager. The clip was opened and the water began flowing into Uta's colon. I was amazed when the heavy-set woman lubed up her hand and proceeded to force it into the teen's sore and well-stretched twat. That brought a loud drawn out moan followed by some German words that meant nothing to us. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It didn't take long for the girl's belly to change from flat to gently rounded. The group took turns rubbing Uta's belly as it grew in size from the water that was coursing through her body. The heavy-set woman worked her fist further and further into the teenager's pussy. Her blonde hair was whipping back and forth as she moaned and groaned from the seemingly unending pressure on her body's internal organs. At long last the enema bag was empty, but that only meant a refill and more of the same without the benefit of voiding the previous bag's contents. Uta was beginning to panic as the butt plug was inserted into her swollen asshole, keeping the pressure on her insides and promising more to follow. The second bag was brought and hooked to the mast. The heavy-set babe decided to let Uta eat some pussy while they stretched her colon and anything else that could contain water.

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Now there was pussy to eat at one end and a forearm to stretch out the teen's cunt on the other. One of the men chose to whip Uta's bulging belly as it grew from the new load of water while his compatriot did a number on her big, firm, bouncy tits, crisscrossing them with welt after welt. I noticed that her nipples were still stiff, even when the belt bit into them. She began to struggle against the pressure that was now beginning to scare her. That seemed to galvanize the ladies, slamming her face into the black forest on one end and twisting and turning a forearm inside the other end of the teenager's word of hurt. I was getting very nervous when suddenly one of them announced that they needed to be back at their posts in less than fifteen minutes. 

 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;They freed the teenager and made her waddle like a duck into the small bathroom to void the contents of the two enemas she had endured. They made her dress quickly and with only a few minutes to spare we all exited the room and were onto the walkway where it all started. Uta was nearly a basket case by now and it was easy to direct her into a ladies room so she could get cleaned up before we drove to the hospital. I hoped we might get there by dark, but other forces intruded.


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ( To be continued - lex ludite )&nbsp; 









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Help Wanted - Chapter 21





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;By the time I loaded my cargo into my car and cleared the airport, it was getting dark. My passenger hadn't said one word since she discovered the door lock on her side didn't work. As far as I was concerned, no rental was capable of supplying my particular needs. Uta was in for more shocks if she started playing games with me. The trunk had been modified to hold those folk who gave me an inordinate amount of trouble. The green-eyed monster, as I began to think of her, was on her way to finding out just how uncomfortable it was to ride in the trunk, bound and securely gagged. The first time she started to fiddle with the stations on my radio, I slapped her across the side of the head and warned the teen to stay on her side of the car, or suffer the consequences. She glared at me, shook her head and sighed.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was all quiet on both fronts for the next twenty miles. I almost forget she was sitting beside me. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash that distracted me from keeping my eye on the road. Uta had somehow smuggled a pack of cigarettes into her leather bolero jacket and was lighting up. Before she could take the first deep drag my fist made contact with her temple and knocked her ass over teakettle in a sense. Her lighter went one way, her lit cigarette another. Still driving with only one hand and only fifty percent of my mind on the task of keeping the car on the road, I yelled at her to find the cigarette and snuff it out before I broke her face. To make sure she understand just how pissed off I was, she took another shot, this time splitting her lip. She got the message and scrambled around to retrieve the butt and extinguish it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;She was quiet while yours truly warned her that any further trouble from her would mean into the trunk for the rest of the trip. That took the wind out of her sails for a time, but like most teenage hotties who normally got their way, Uta went back to teasing me. I was too busy making sure we didn't get lost to pay much attention to her. It was her giggle that got my attention. There no more than a few feet from me was Uta's shaved pussy in all its splendor. The fat lips were held apart by a couple of her fingers, while the thumb of her other hand was teasing her clit that was in the process of waking up from its latest slumber. Evidently what happened at the airport wasn't enough for my little package of teasing and trouble. She looked up at me and grinned.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Maybe this will get you in a better mood. Bet you'd like to lick my little bud that just woke up and wants to play, wouldn't you? Perhaps you'd like to do more than look and lick, I know your type."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; For some odd reason despite the feast she was setting out for me, all I could focus on was that ring in her navel. Suddenly she yelled and without thinking I swerved the car back across the lane marker I'd just crossed. Ignoring everything that was happening in the seat next to me, I searched for some place to get off the road and take care of Uta, but good! A few minutes later there was a turn-off that put me onto a winding road that ultimately would carry us into a small town. It was pitch dark by now and I dimmed the lights and drove slowly. We were in farm country and I had the choice of places to get off the road and take care of my German problem. I made my selection and parked. We were in darkness and off in the distance you could see the lights of the small town.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Uta decided that she needed to pee, which was fine with me. I let her out of the car only after she stripped from the waist down, including her boots. She wouldn't get too far in her bare feet and when I caught her I was going to beat Uta senseless, no matter what else happened. My nasty streak kicked in and so I decided to allow my package to pee while squatting with her hands clasped and held behind her neck. It was fairly apparent that she did need to void the contents of her bladder. I watched and waited for her to finish. That done I announced she had used up my patience and was going to finish the trip in the trunk of my car. She countered by offering me a blow job. When I turned that down she upped the ante to some pussy provided I used a condom. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That did it! Into the trunk she went after a quick, enjoyable and very uneven struggle. I got a handful of very firm teen tit for my troubles before cuffing her hands behind her back. I wasn't in one piece after ten years plus in this business by being stupid when it came to handling suspects, cheats and just plain crazies. Long ago one nice, little, middle-aged lady took a chunk out of my forearm while I was trying to calm her down. That never happened again. For Uta, it was the canvas bag. It went over her head including her long tresses and once locked, it effectively muffled her complaints. I managed a few good gropes while wrestling her into the trunk of my car. A couple of plastic ties like they used on pallets took care of any kicking she might have planned. The air holes were intact, protecting my precious cargo from&nbsp; suffocating on the trip. I closed her up and minutes later were were back on the road. I took her bikini panties as a souvenir of our little tryst. The rest of the drive was routine and I arrived at the hospital with Uta alive and well despite her cramped quarters.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I entered the two story building and was confronted by a burly guard seated at the console. It didn't take more than ten minutes before a guy in a white coat with a stethoscope, followed by a couple of flunkies made an appearance,&nbsp; wheeling what looked like something designed to handle gas bottles. The "doctor" asked me to remain in the lobby while they picked up the patient they had been expecting. I flipped him my key ring and told them the hardware on her was mine and I expected it to remain in my car trunk. One of his minions grinned and whispered something to one of his buddies who laughed, an evil laugh if I ever heard one. While they were taking care of business I forked over some paperwork that the guard proceeded to read, nodding occasionally.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;He finally picked up the phone and announced my presence to some higher-up. A few minutes later a tall brunette arrived, perhaps mid-thirties in a business suit that was struggling to confine what lay beneath.&nbsp; She smiled and extended her hand that soon disappeared in mine. She thanked me profusely for bringing Uta where she could get some help for her problem. In my mind the trouble-making teenager was naked, hanging by her wrists from a hook in the ceiling of the cell where I was softening her up with my trusty rubber truncheon. I was getting ready to pound those big firm tits into crepes when my day dream was interrupted by my hostess. She handed me an envelope with my name on it and explained she was to make sure my fee was paid in full once the girl was delivered. I checked the contents, thanked her and prepared for the long drive home. Uta, now naked, in a straitjacket, a ball gag silencing her and strapped to the metal carrier, was being wheeled away from my car, the trunk open with my keys in the lock. It was odd that the teen would be handled in this manner. She may have been a ball buster, but not to that degree. I put any more thoughts of Uta out of my mind and got into the car to discover her bikinis were missing. It was not cause for making any trouble, especially in an area like this. I could just see the expression on some local cop's face as I told him&nbsp; someone stole my bikini panties from me.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was back to chasing cheating spouses of both kinds. It must have been the season, but business was brisk and lucrative for yours truly. My latest case involved a husband and wife who were each cheating on the other. They were in their mid-thirties, had no children and never met a cock or cunt that they didn't like. The husband was in real estate which gave him plenty of opportunities to do more than show clients houses. His wife ran a small business that provided temporary workers for various firms. She was still rather attractive and quite often she made sales the old fashioned way, by fucking the customer silly, be it male or female. Her latest conquest was a couple who used her services quite often, and not just as a procurer of temporary workers. They got together at their place and I had a field day photographing the three of them doing the nasty and nastier. The husband and wife also took almost as many pictures as I did, showing them coupling in various exotic and erotic positions with the lady in question.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The husband was a closer in more ways than one. The more attractive the couple the harder he worked for them. Naturally he was always homing in on the little lady, usually still well put together but getting a bit tired of the old in and out from her less than attentive husband. He nailed more pussy than houses on a typical week's work. It didn't hurt that he was hung like a horse and knew how to use his tool. In three weeks I had a sheaf of photos with him showing his female clients just how eager he was for a sale. All good things must come to an end and so it was with this pair. He screwed the wife of a friend of a friend. She in turn was also involved in a girl-girl with his wife. The two wives compared notes and all hell broke loose. However it didn't end the way things usually did in my world. The two of them took a two month vacation and screwed themselves senseless with anyone that even gave them a glance. That convinced them to stay together and have an open marriage. I missed the big money on those two, but one can't win them all.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Even with my busy schedule there was time for Marsha and her very interesting daughter. Marsha almost wet her panties when I called her. She wasted no time telling me her daughter, Ellen, had arrived and was chomping at the bit for some hard cock. She added that a threesome was on the horizon if everyone behaved themselves. The following evening after taking some incriminating photographs, I wandered over to see Marsha. She was fresh from the shower and ready to soak the sheets. We went upstairs and got busy. Once more I was convinced that this woman was ideal for most men in their forties and beyond. Hell, she was great for me and forty was still not even something yours truly was thinking about these days. We did this and we did that until we needed a break. After a shower we got busy and had more sex with Marsha on top and doing a lot of the heavy lifting. We were taking another break when Ellen breezed in and introduced herself. She was as advertised.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marsha wasted no time telling her daughter that she was very late and would not stand for that type of behavior. I couldn't believe my eyes as the college graduate began to unbutton, unzip, unhook and finally slip off her bikini panties to reveal a small tattoo just to the left of her shaved cleft. Then she clasped her hands behind her neck and spread her legs to show everything she had. Marsha smirked and patted my cock which was stiffening quickly at the sight of this well built brunette with a set of tits that were big, round, firm and very very real. Then mom took center stage.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"You know the drill. That ass of yours needs a good tanning and my friend here is just the man to do it. If you're a good little cock teaser I might even let him fuck you once he's done turning that cute tush of yours into mush. Now assume the position and you better not move or you'll get a double dose and no cock afterwards."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Ellen leaned over the seat in front of the mirror, giving me a great view of that fine looking ass and those great tits that in this position were like low-hanging fruit from a tree. Marsha opened a drawer in the small chest of drawers by the bed and retrieved a wicked looking wooden paddle. It had gotten plenty of use prior to this evening, and Ellen's ass was going to get a renewed taste of what it felt like. My stiff cock almost got in the way, but after one or two whacks I got into a nice groove and began battering those rounded and very firm ass cheeks as the girl winced and shook her butt after each blow landed. My cock was like a bar of steel after I delivered a dozen solid blows to Ellen's tush. It was then that I noticed the droplets of pussy juice appearing on her shaved pussy lips. She wasn't the first partner that responded this way to a sound thrashing, and no doubt would not be the last.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Marsha suggested that Ellen join her and yours truly on the bed and get to know each other. My dick was so hard it throbbed. Before I knew it, Ellen's dripping cunt was descending onto my face while Marsha had begun to suck my hard cock, warning that I better not go off until she had a turn on the stallion. Fortunately our previous exercising had taken some of the physical starch from me, even though the mental part was operating full blast. It was evident that Ellen hadn't had any action in quite some time. She'd broken up with her last boyfriend a couple of weeks before finals, and after that she was too busy to hook up with another fuck buddy. It was going to be a very interesting evening and then some. I was already wondering if Marsha and Ellen were going to do some girl-girl for yours truly. I wasn't to be disappointed. Eating pussy is not high up on my list of things to do, but considering the opportunity to get my hands on Ellen gave me a degree of enthusiasm for eating her pussy like I meant it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Martha took the direct approach. Despite having me all to herself for the last few hours,&nbsp; she was greedy for more. Without even asking, she fed my hose monster into her wet, relatively tight snatch and locked it in place with a satisfied grunt. This woman was insatiable, lucky me! It was going to be a rough trip since the weight of Ellen's pussy and ass was keeping me from getting any leverage. My lady did show me some relief by doing squats on my rigid rammer, which she liked to call it on occasion. Ellen on the other hand was showing me no mercy. She was obviously still smarting over the paddling I gave her, so she was getting some revenge. Now I truly knew the meaning of getting some face time. Martha began rotating her plump body around and around my flagpole and the more pressure she applied, the closer I came to delivering a load of hot cum.&nbsp; This put me in a precarious position. If I nutted into Martha and left Ellen high and dry, I was out of luck when it came to cultivating her hot-bodied offspring. What's a fella to do; that's exactly what I did.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It took a superhuman effort, but yours truly managed to dislodge Marsha from my cock only seconds before it would have gone off inside that greedy twat. My hands reached out and pushed Ellen onto her back, causing Marsha to roll off the bed. It took only a few seconds for me to get on top and stick my broadsword into her dripping pussy. She gasped, then grabbed me and held on tight as I slammed her silly. Unfortunately my unruly dick took command and soon I was flooding Marsha's daughter with the contents of my churning balls. Her entire body went rigid for a time and I thought she was having some kind of a seizure. Then her mom began pummeling me from the backside, demanding my attention to her needs, which seemed to be endless. I was beginning to understand why she was without anyone steady. Who except a pornstar, a sex maniac or an oversexed teenager could possibly keep up with her needs? As it turned out, she and Ellen both found teenagers who could go all night, and often did. I, on the other hand, was banished from their fuck buddy list, which was just as well. It seems that once again the green-eyed monster from Germany had intruded into my life.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My previous client, responsible for Uta the green-eyed pain in the butt, appeared one morning at my office with a sheaf of photos. He was not happy, livid might have been a better description. He flung them in my direction and threatened me with all sorts of trouble. Now usually when I hear these kinds of threats I ask the speaker to either calm down and explain his or her unhappiness or leave before I throw them out. Since he was doing everything but froth at the mouth, I decided to listen once he stopped hyperventilating. The first few words that came from him were in German which did not help matters much. I sat back and waited until he started talking in English. His story and the corroborating pictures made me realize I and possibly him had been had, not to mention the unfortunate that was playing the part of his niece.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The fake Uta had been put through the meat grinder and she looked it. It was obvious that this was no normal hospital; more likely an asylum. This poor soul had been run through the mill including electroshock, hot and cold showers as she hung by her wrists for hours, colonoscopies, mammograms that turned her tits into crepes, a variety of enemas, forced ingestion of huge amounts of water that made her belly bulge like she was eight months pregnant with twins, sleep deprivation for days on end, not to mention forced fasting that left her looking like a skeleton. I also noticed that in none of the photos did any of the staff show their face. In fact even under a microscope, it probably wouldn't be able to identify just where the poor teenager was.&nbsp; My former client began to look more and more like someone off the beaten path, not my usual bill of fare, unless he was dripping money. I was on the verge of choking the bastard when he spilled the beans, at least some of them.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;My client, Ernst, was not Uta's uncle, he was her fiance'! Now that was a surprise, so I sat back and listened to the rest of his tale of woe. It turned out that Uta's father owed him a rather large sum of money as the result of a poor business venture. In exchange for Uta as his bride, he would forgive the man his debt. The agreement was struck and all seemed to be going well until Uta began to suffer from minor mental problems which quickly grew to something serious. A number of physicians all suggested that she see a specialist located in the US. His treatment approach was considered radical, but it had yielded a number of good results. He came to America and met with the specialist who was very positive about successfully treating his financee"s condition. Unfortunately he would not be able to accompany Uta to the US hospital, which was the reason for hiring me to escort her there.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Evidently Uta, despite their betrothal, had decided that Ernst was not marriage material. She had already become attached to a much younger man, Horst Heinkle, who he had mentioned previously. It was my guess that Horst had met Uta in New York. Then for some serious cash he substituted a reasonable facsimile of the teenager for the rest of the trip, including the hospital stay. That also began to trouble me. Just where did the double for Uta come? My Uta looked the same as this one except for the belly ring; Where Horst and Uta went afterward was anyone's guess? My client made the search a little more focused. He had kept tabs on his rival and knew he was on business in Las Vegas. I knew what was coming next and when he made me an offer, I asked for more just for the hell of it. Once that was settled, I suggested he get Uta's duplicate out of the hospital before they killed her. Meanwhile yours truly would head for Las Vegas and see what he could see, using my client's money.





&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (To be continued - lex ludite )









 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Help Wanted - Chapter 22





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I'd only been in Las Vegas twice and both times it was on business. Perhaps the third time would be the charm as some of the gamblers like to say. I rented a car and located a room off the Strip that didn't cater to the high rollers or those here just to get in trouble. Still that evening while I had a drink before dinner, all on Ernst's nickel,&nbsp; yours truly was propositioned by not one but two members of the welcome wagon, hawking various deals from many of the local establishments. In my case they even promised a great time with either provided I was in a charitable mood. Failing to tempt me, they moved on to another lonesome drinker a few stools down from me.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After dinner, such as it was, I acted like a tourist and collected lots of maps and information offered by the various casinos waiting to relieve me of my money. There was even a discrete brochure touting a whorehouse located outside of the county. I resisted temptation and headed back to my room. That was when this lady with absolutely no taste in makeup or dress intercepted me. Even in this rather dim light it was apparent she'd seen more than fifty winters. We walked down the long corridor to my room and she gave me a running account of her price list, which wasn't that bad even considering her advanced age. At my door she put down the hammer, only in this case it was her dress that came up to reveal a glistening, shaved pudendum. I had to admit it looked like someone had sewn a teenager's pussy onto this old woman's body.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Twenty bucks an hour for anything your little heart desires except old mom's ass, that's on special for fifty bucks a throw and as many throws as you can make."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I had to admit being tempted. Evidently she realized I might be a live one, so she made me a deal that I could not resist. For one hundred bucks every square inch of old mom was available for as long as I wanted to use her, and she'd pay for breakfast. Hell, it was Ernst's money, but not until I either cracked the case or gave up trying. Just to get her off my back I slipped the lady ten bucks and wished her luck for the evening. The money disappeared and without so much as a thank you she turned tail and headed back to where the action was. I was tired and knew tomorrow was going to be a busy day. I hit the pillow and fell fast asleep.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Making the rounds of Las Vegas is no picnic. It seems that this city is made up strictly by casinos and high rises that act almost like gigantic pitcher plants, swallowing tourists whole and not returning them until they are dead broke, their credit cards reduced to empty plastic . I heard lots of stories about entire families so broke they could not even make a telephone call. The ones that were the juciest involved teenagers, nice girls who were forced by circumstances to become hookers with their parents acting as their pimps. My guess is that ninety-nine point nine percent are bogus, but they add to the mystique of Sin City, which is not as sinful as it used to be.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a long fruitless day this shamus was ready for a drink, something to eat and a good night's sleep. On my way to dinner an old nuisance blocked my way. Her attire featured a see-through blouse that showed she didn't wear a bra, but had some rather impressive tits even though they sagged somewhat, and white capri pants that were so tight her red thong was clearly on display. She grinned and suggested I buy her dinner and afterward she'd relieve my needs once we got back to my room and its nice comfortable bed. I'd been too busy to eat lunch, so why not extend the hand of friendship to this sorry soul and put it on my client's bill. It was the smartest move I made since arriving in Vegas.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;We were quickly seated in a corner of the large dining room and at a nod from my companion menus appeared along with two wine glasses. It was about then I realized this crazy old lady was not who I thought she was, by a long shot. A wine list arrived and my "date" took responsibility for selecting a wine that fit what we would have for dinner. Then with a twinkle in her eyes and a small smile on her face she introduced herself as the owner of this establishment. Rarely do I get flustered, but this was one of those times. It turned out that Roxy, her stage name, was once a hooker who worked the Strip back in the bad old days. About every other week she'd get arrested and be driven to some quiet place where she paid her fine in pussy, or if she was late with this tribute, her ass.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Once she was kidnapped by a pimp who considered her to be trespassing on his territory. In the ten days that followed, she took on nearly two hundred tricks. It took her only a few times to understand that any trouble from her would mean pain and punishment. The first time he was hung by her wrists from a curtain rod in the bathroom and beaten senseless with a rubber hose. She woke up in the middle of being dunked into the toilet filled with piss and turds. Roxy became a good little whore until she balked at the prospect of having two guys with rather large cocks deciding that she could take them both up her ass at the same time.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;This time it was much worse. She was spread out on a filthy mattress, her wrists and ankles tied to the corners of the bed, which squeaked with almost every move that was made on it. Any complaint from those customers using her body meant a visit from the pimp's strong-arm guy. He used his fists and lit cigarettes to discipline her, making sure that the burns weren't obvious to the customers. He burned the area under her firm tits and in her armpits. His fists were reserved for the front of her thighs, the upper portion of her arms and her rib cage. Breathing became a struggle, especially when she was covered by some fat trick&nbsp; trying to stab her sore cunt with his cock, laughing at the way her face contorted with every thrust he made into her. Things got even worse when later on they flipped her over onto her belly and the tricks had their choice of her cunt or asshole. She bled for days from this treatment.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Roxy learned a lesson that she never forgot. To be an independent meant making some connections and making sure they are on your side. She stayed out of the way of the fat cats and pimps like the one that had "trained" her.&nbsp; She saved her money and started investing between tricks. From there she built up a little business that allowed her to move from the street to a nice secluded bungalow. They had bungalows in those days. She met a man and they hit it off. She let him know what she did for a living and that she was continuing it until they got rich. He thought that was a fine idea and two years later they made it legal. He was the first of three. The second one got her pregnant and she decided it was time to become a mother and let younger ladies do the hard work while she watched the baby and made a number of shrewd investments. This place belonged to her free and clear. Roxy also had a piece of the action from three small casinos located in the old town area of Vegas. I had to be impressed by the way she pulled herself up by her boot straps.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;During dinner Roxy explained the costume, which only made me wince and thank my lucky stars that I wasn't in the mood for any hanky panky from what I took to be a whore down on her luck. Evidently the ten bucks she got from me put yours truly into a special category. Had I invited her into my room Roxy would have teased me and then provided a chit for a free breakfast or half price on my next stay at her place. However she rarely ran into anyone that gave her something for nothing. That was unheard of in Vegas, no matter where you stayed. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next thing she was asking what brought me here, since I didn't look or act like most of the folks that came to her place. Knowing there was nothing to lose, I told her why and my lack of success to date. By the time she left me at the bar to make her rounds, she knew as much about what was happening as I did. She suggested I sleep late and make my rounds one more day, while she asked around about Herr Heinkle.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Parking was costing me more than the daily charge for the rental car. My client might complain, but ultimately he'd pay, especially if yours truly solved the mystery of the green-eyed teenager. Of the countless places I tried, they yielded either a blank stare or threats to have me arrested for trespassing. So much for Las Vegas hospitality, unless you had fifty dollar bills coming out of your ears. Trying to reach my client, Ernst, got only a recorded message from wherever he was staying. Had I known where he was and what he was doing, I'd have caught the next flight back, found him and broken some of his bones. Back at the hotel things didn't get much better. Roxy was nowhere in sight despite my inquiries at the desk, bar and restaurant. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The next morning after a fitful sleep, yours truly found himself having breakfast downstairs just after the place opened for business. I was about ready to leave and start pounding the pavement for another day when she breezed in and settled herself across from me. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Guess what color my panties are and you win a prize."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;From the look on her face, she had good news for me, so I played her little game and guessed red considering that thong she wore the last time I saw her in action. She shook her head and patted my hand.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Too bad cowboy, the answer was nude. I never wear panties in the morning, it cramps my style if a prospect invites me into his room for a little naughty naughty. Why don't you have some more coffeee while I get some food into me. I've been very busy since we last saw each other."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;While my companion had breakfast, I couldn't help but notice that the sunlight was giving me a great view of her big, braless tits. Combine that with her admission of no panties got me thinking that perhaps someone had just got lucky, or someone was about to get lucky. I had to admit that she was looking better and better even if she didn't solve my problem. Finally she finished, wiped her lips and gave me another grin.

As usual she caught me off guard, asking if I enjoyed the view. I smiled back at her and nodded my head. Then the trap was sprung and yours truly was captured.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"The information I have for you is going to be worth something that I'll determine after you see who you have to see. Now pay attention to what I have to say and stop drooling over my tits. I've got a&nbsp; surgeon who can work miracles and he has an interesting way of charging his special customers, like myself. I had to entertain him and his friends, both sexes, for six weeks, starting every Sunday at four in the afternoon and ending when they got tired of making me do dirty things to and with his guests. I could hardly walk straight once they got done with me, usually early Monday morning, but it was all worth it. He tells me my squeezies are good for five years if I treat them right, but the warranty ends then, come hell or high water."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; I couldn't help but wonder if the pussy she showed previously was another example of her doctor's skill and what did that cost her? She must have read my mind by the look on her face. It took only a few seconds for me to put pussy and tits out of my mind and listen to what my confidante had to say. It was an&nbsp; amazing story, and coming from anyone else it wouldn't have been believable. She had tried checking all the casinos for Horst Heinkle, but came up empty despite using her contacts. However one of her sources did suggest that her quarry might possibly be at a place outside of Vegas open only to those with not only power and money, but tastes that were distinctly off the beaten path. It sounded like my best hope, but how was I going to be able to get into this fortress in the desert? The way Roxy was licking her lips and trying to control herself indicated she had an approach



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;A limo carried the clients to and from the airport and the desert resort. She planned for me to be an arriving passenger with the proper credentials to be accepted as a client. From that point I had less than a day before the masquerade would be exposed and I'd be asked to leave and never come back or face the consequences. If Herr Heinkle was not to be found, my client would face a large bill for a day at the resort of resorts. It was the best shot available and like most of the visitors, I was going to bet on a natural and pray for a miracle. She had even prepared a disguise for me with respect to my attire. I promised to get everything dry cleaned once I didn't need it. She laughed and hinted that she expected a whole lot more than that. Things were beginning to simmer and damned if yours truly wasn't looking forward to it.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;It was so easy to get in this place I was astonished, beginning to wonder just what kind of security they used to keep order. The answer came in the form of my television set. There were the usual set of buttons showing the amenities offered by this place, and they were impressive. It was the other set of buttons that got my attention and blew me away. For a few moments I thought it was a run of the mill porn movie. Just as I decided to see what else was available on the tube, things began to get weird, very weird. This was no standard&nbsp; stroke flick based on what was happening. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;There was a naked woman tied down to the bed who looked to be in her early fifties. The ball gag in her mouth muffled her grunts and screams as the naked guy who looked to be in his mid thirties was laying the leather to the old gal's pillowy tits. From the looks of her body, she had been taking plenty of leather. There were welts and cuts from her knees to just above those big mounds that had seen lots and lots of attention. The guy took a break but not before he split her fat cunt lips with a couple of very serious blows from that studded leather strap he was using. I was about to call security when he yanked the gag from the woman's mouth and slapped her face a couple of times to make sure she was conscious. What he said made the hair on my nape stand up stiff.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;"Mom, you want a break? I'm getting tired of laying the leather to you and I don't want to use you up when Roger and his latest girlfriend are so eager to make your acquaintance. You want me to call for that big, black guy who nailed you last night? I was afraid he was going to rip you in two! He almost gave me an inferiority complex. Maybe that's why I ass fucked you later, just to demonstrate that I can still bring it to you no matter what the situation."



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I switched to another channel and was confronted by more of the same. This time it was a teenager who coudn't have been more than sixteen. She was on her belly, pipe stem arms and legs tied so tightly to the corners of the bed that her hands and feet were swollen. There must have been more than one camera in the room since the view switched back and forth to show what was happening to the skinny victim. One of them, apparently a teenager a little older than the victim, was squatting over her butt, holding her welted cheeks apart so his thick cock could split her asshole. His companion, an older man, was on his knees in front of the girl, holding the teen's head steady in his big hands. He was pumping his cock in and out of her mouth, now and then pushing into the back of her throat to make her gag.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;That was enough for me and so yours truly headed for the darkness of the bar. I downed a quick one and nursed another as men and women swirled in and out of my vision. I caught bits and pieces of conversations, then a pair of "gentlemen" sat down beside me and started comparing notes on what was playing on the various channels. Evidently one had been here for nearly a week and he bragged that he'd seen everyone of the activities they showed including samples of coming attracti0ns. My ears pricked up at the mention of the hot blonde with the German accent who was entertaining an entire family of perverts. Evidently the tape was still playing, but she wasn't. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I let what I heard sink in good and solid before I interrupted those two and innocently asked how often the tapes changed. The one with all the answers told me that most of the "stars" lasted no longer than two or three sessions, since the punishment that their friends and neighbors dished out was well in excess of what was served up in a concentration camp. The best tapes were shown for weeks despite the absence of the people who starred in them. Usually they had returned to their homes or hospitals where their identities were guaranteed security. That made me think of where the fake Uta was by now. Had Ernst managed to spring her from that private hospital, or was she still being jolted by massive amounts of electricity between hot and cold immersions, special enemas and anything else those white-coated sadists could dream up for her?



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;I went back to my room and started channel surfing. You name it, it was on one of these channels. What was interesting were the number of males that were getting raped and ruined by women as well as men. Many of these male victim sessions took place in what looked to be a dungeon. I had to admit that seeing how much pain some of these men could endure and still function was truly amazing. There were men with bellies so big from forced ingestion of water and other unmentionables that it was amazing they could breathe. Others were whipped front and back until it was almost impossible to see individual marks. 



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;The one that really stood out was the poor devil in his late forties forced to sit down on a metal dildo that must have been a foot in length and thick. Then his captors, three half-naked, overweight women, strapped him securely into the heavy wooden chair. That done, they attached wires clipped to his cock, balls, nipples, ears and tongue, before threading one into his cock that was surprisingly hard considering what was in store for him. The wires were hooked&nbsp; to a small black box and one of the grinning harridans flipped the switch and the poor soul began to tremble. She turned the power up and his entire body began to thrash against the bonds holding him to the chair. The power was turned off so he could catch his breath and then they fried him a second time. I changed the channel at that point and took a breather. That last session had really bothered me.



 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;After a short rest I got back to it and surfed a few more channels that featured mostly women getting raped, tortured and even fucked by dogs. Then just as I was about to take another break from the dreary events playing on my television, up popped Uta or was she the fake one?. Very bad things were being done to her firm, naked body by a group of folks running the gamut in age. As I watched transfixed, the apparent leader of this pack of sadists grabbed her by the hair and nearly yanked it from her scalp. Since the teenager was tied spread-eagle fashion to the large bed, there was little she could do to protect herself from what was happening. Despite my queasy stomach, I settled in and watched what occurred in this chamber of horrors.





 &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;(To be continued - lex ludite)



Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lex Ludite


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





