BDSM Library - Just Thinking




Just Thinking
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A slave's daydream about the night she willingly gave herself to the Man she would call Master...
Just thinking

copywrite ayla 2002

The temperature in the stable was hot, 'it felt like the heat was going to go on
forever', these were the thoughts that ran throu lori's mind as she stood
brushing the prized horse of her Masters studfarm a midnight black stallion
named 'Thor' ...  lori was dressed in as littlest as possible, but it was just
enough to cover herself (which was what her Master always insisted on), today
she was dressed in denim cut off shorts and a blue western shirt with poppers
instead of buttons down the front of the shirt, instead of using the poppers,
lori closed the shirt by bunching and tying it at her waist ... she brushed the
stallion with long strong firm strokes to massage his well muscled and defined
black body, as lori brushed the qivering stallion thoughts of that night when 
she was being pressed against her Masters body as He held her tightly declaring
she would be His now and forever ...  That moment when He took her for His own
would live in her heart always,  but the passion in their love making that
followed her collaring was like taking the time to watch a delicate flower
bloom, she leaned against the stallion remembering that night ...  Lost in her
daydream closing her blue eyes she leant against the mighty stallion and let her
mind drift back ........

Master had bought her a beautiful little black dress, black bra,  black
stockings and a black satin suspender belt and black strappy high heels, He had
laid them out on their bed with a single red rose and a note with detailed
instructions that she was Not to wear panties and that the stockings were more
than enough and to meet Him downstairs at 7.30pm no later ...  her body tingled
with excitement as she showered that night taking great care as she shaved her
pussy making it as appealling as possible, shaving the insides of her pussy lips
as well, she sat shaving in front of the mirror so she could make sure that her
pussy was all smooth .. she watched as glistening honey oozed slightly from her
cunt as she played with her pussy lips ... then with a slight reluctant sigh she
got up and went to run her shower ...  Turning on the faucets, she then stood
under the warm liquid cascade loving the way the water made her body feel so
relaxed and sensual, she took the rose soap she always used and generously
lathered her body running her hands over her soapy skin, caressing the pert rosy
nipples, rolling them between her fingers making them hard teasing them, lori
leant against the cool tiled wall as her hand slid down between her legs,
rubbing the hidden treasure making herself gasp ... but ... the time was quickly
slipping by her, gathering her thoughts together she re~soaped herself enjoying
the slick sensations ... she smiled contentedly as she let the water rinse all
the soapy bubbles away ...  After getting out and towel drying herself off she
stood before the full lenght mirror in the bathroom and carefully did her hair
and makeup, dressing just as her Masters note had instructed her ... her naked
body felt good under the clothes, taking one last look at herself in the mirror,
straightening the dress over rounded hips she wondered if she should wear a
necklace to compliment it, but she knew how her Master loved her naked neck so
she quickly decided against it ... closing the door to their bedroom as she left
...  she was coming down the stairs entering the lobby just as her Master
entered throu the main doors, He stopped at the bottom of the stairs awaiting
her ..  His eyes rested upon her dressed body, drinking in her form .. surveying
His property up and down He smiled His approval, 'you look beautiful lori, it
makes Me proud to make you Mine', her heart sang with His words ... for over a
year she had fought for Him to notice her in that way and now the time had come
she was so nervous she could hardly stand ... He noticed her reaction and
smirked, He loved to keep her nerves on edge wondering if He was pleased with
her ...  He took her by the hand and led her out to the limousene and opened the
door for her ... He was always the gentleman, after they had settled into the
car and they were on their way ... He turned and looked at her intently  'open
your legs lori I want to see if you were a good girl and followed My
instructions', taken aback slightly but with every fibre of her being crying out
to obey Him she leaned back against the cool leather of the car seat and opened
her legs, He ran His hand up her black stockinged leg and over the frilly top of
the stockings and felt the closely shaved pussy, smiling He slid His finger into
her pussy and was so glad to feel how wet she was ... 'hmmmmmmm its nice to know
you can do as you are told lori .. you have such a stubborn streak' He smiled at
her, she couldn't help but giggle.  Dinner past in a blur, there was light
conversation and laughter ... as coffee was served her Master pulled out a black
velvet jewel case and handed it too her, with a beautiful speech that she could
hardly comprehend vaguely aware of Him declaring that she was now His property
and her mumbling a responce as He placed the unicorn bracelet that was to be her
collar to Him around her wrist ... as she gazed down at the unicorns that
encased her wrist with the moonstone gems for their eyes a tear ran down her
cheek, He came around the table kneeled beside her and kissed her tear away
'this is the only time I kneel for you lori' with that they both smiled ... 
Standing up and taking her hand pulling her to her feet ... He paid for dinner
chatting briefly with the Maitradie then He led her from the resturant and back
into the car, she sat there holding His hand and in a dream world of her own ... 
when ... He suddenly startled her by talking, 'lori you know the large double
doors at the end of the downstairs hallway that you are forbidden to go into?'
she regarded Him with a frightened look that crossed her blue eyes but one that
quickly turned to curiosity ...  'yes m-my Master' she said hesitantly ... He
looked intently at her His gaze burning into her very soul, He continued ...
'well tonite you will see what is behind those doors', now she became excitingly
nervous ...  she remembered when He had caught her trying to open those doors
... He had yelled so loud she thought that the windows would break then He had
not spoken to her for a week ... They finally drove into the long winding
driveway and pulled up infront of the elegant house ... together they left the
limo and entered the huge house ... He hadn't let her hand go since they had
left the car and now with purpose He guided her down that elusive hallway to
those double doors and their secrets ...  He opened the door and pushed her in,
plunging into her into the darkness, she became scared, she was aware of Him
entering the room behind her standing so close to her that she could feel His
very breath on the back of her neck ... she then felt Him move away from her and
then she heard the flick a switch and the room was illuminated, all shadows
chased away by the light ... there over in one corner was a large X with
shackles at each end of the cross, there was a huge made up four poster bed in
the other corner, a large chest of drawers, a fire was lit in the fire place and
a huge ornate rug graced the floor ... from one of the uprights of the poster
bed hung a pair of handcuffs ...  lori's blue eyes widened with curiosity and
fear ... 'what is all this?' her voice just a horse whisper, as she looked
around the room ... 'this is our play room My sweet' was His answer and a wide
grin broke across His face, He crossed the floor, standing directly infront of
her He started to explain, 'you will come to slowly understand what is expected
of you little one, so too will you learn what will become of you if you disobey
Me ... I demand your upmost respect at all times .. do you hear me lori?', with
His hands on her shoulders He was looking directly into her eyes the intensity
of the stare choked all words from her throat ... 'lori I said do you hear me
and I will have a answer NOW!', startled by His change of tone 'y-yes Master'
was all she could manage ... 'good girl, I will not repeat Myself .. understand
young lady' the intensity of His stare was amazing but before He had a chance to
yell again she was able to utter a bearly audible 'yes Master I understand' ...
she found it easy to become His slave because with Him it felt right ...  He
wrapped His arm around her waist and pulled her to Him roughly, their noses
touching first then their lips met His kiss was as tender as His hold was rough
... His other hand slid up through her hair and gently toyed with it ... then
... suddenly ... He savagely grabbed a handful of the auburn tresses and pulled
her head back the action breaking their kiss ..  'tell Me lori do you love Me?'
He regarded her, holding her attentions with His eyes and His question ... her
answer came easily and full of conviction 'yes my Master with all my heart' ...
'Then kneel before Me bitch', He pushed her down to her knees infront of Him, He
didnot let go of her hair 'take out My cock' ... with slightly trembling hands
she slowly undid His fly 'that's My good girl' ... He coooed this time and
stroked her hair, she reached inside His trousers and took out His cock .. He
never wore underpants, He said they restricted Him .. 'now suck My cock My slave
and make it stand' ... holding her hair firmly again her soft pink tongue slid
out to lick her full lips as she parted them to accept His thobbing member... as
His cock slowly disappeared between her wet lips the sensations of it made Him
moan ...  'mmmmmm yes My slut ... My sweet sweet girl', as she took all His cock
into her mouth He could feel the muscles of her throat relax as she took the
complete shaft into her mouth, then as she sucked He could feel the muscles of
her tongue and throat massage His hard cock ...  she slid her mouth back up His
sensitive shaft and her tongue played with the head of His now hard and
throbbing tool ... He found Himself struggling with the decision to either let
her continue to pleasure Him with her mouth or to play with her and her body ... 
the desire to shoot His load down her throat almost took over His being ... but
the need to play with her soft sweet flesh won out .. but only just ... with His
fist still full of her hair, He pulled her exquisite mouth from His cock ... 'I
want you naked now!', He released His vice like grip on her auburn hair, the
look of desire in His eyes told her that this was not the time to get too cheeky
so she stood up and slowly slid the black dress from her body ... 'take the bra
off but leave your shoes and stockings on .. I could cum just looking at you' He
said and smiled wantingly as she blushed, 'and that blush makes Me want to fuck
you more' she couldn't help but giggle at His comment even He gave a chuckle too
... 'now take off My shirt slut' she stood in front of Him, tiny hands reached
out to Him and began to undo the buttons of His shirt when at last His chest was
completely exposed she licked and kissed the exposed flesh ... 'suck My nipples
you sexy little unicorn' ... nipping His chest lightly as she made her way to
His left nipple ... enclosing her lips around it she let her teeth graze
seductively across it ... then she bit Him ... alittle harder than she had
wanted too really but she to wanted to see His reaction ... He jumped and pulled
away 'YOU BITCH!!' He yelped ... she couldn't help the smirk that spread across
her face ... 'being a brat are you? ... Hmmmmm' He looked at her for an answer
... and her answer, was? ... a bigger smirk ... grabbing her wrist He dragged
her to the handcuffs which dangled from the four poster bed He pulled her arm up
and snapped the cuff around her wrist, then He grabbed at the other wrist before
she could even think about pulling away and snapped the other cuff on too, 'so
your wanting to find out what happens to brats huh?'.. He proceeded to undo His
pants and took them off, the whole time He did not take His eyes off her, He
wanted to intimidate her as much as possible and seeing her face when He stood
up naked and His hard cock stood out throbbing and bobbing slightly from His
body He knew He was doing it well ...  He strode over to the large chest of
drawers and stood infront of them ' lori these drawers contain many things lots
of them to give you wonderful body shaking orgasms ... but .. there are others
in here ... that ... depending on how bad you have been can inflict discomfort
and even pain' ... turning away from her now as He extracted something from the
drawer a soft clinking sound was made by something as He sought to find what He
was looking for ... then sliding the drawer shut He  turned back to His new
slave and looked at her hanging from His cuffs something was hidden behind Him,
looking at her with a wicked glint in His eye He said, ' now for brats I have
these', He took out a oak paddle and a set of bright shining nipple clamps from
behind His back, striding back to her He stroked the paddle across her bare
breasts and flicked at her hard erect nipples with the paddle making the little
rosy mounds stand tall, He then attached the clamps to each of the soft rose
pink nipples ... the chain that hung between the clamps was cold and sent a
shiver through her hot slave body as it laid against her pale skin ... suddenly
... He swung her around as she hung suspended in His cuffs and at His will,
swatting at her ass with the paddle leaving a pinkening paddle mark on the soft
flesh ... He then swatted the other ass cheek ... the chain of the nipple clamps
teasing the slaves flesh, ' now bitch get the idea I'm NOT playing?' .. 'yes
Master' she gasped the answer came out with accompanied by a yelp .. 'now behave
.. you hear Me!', she nodded thinking the gesture was better than opening her
mouth but He tugged on the chain of the nipple clamps making them bite harder
into the soft flesh and said 'I asked you if you heard Me lori and I expect an
answer' He swatted her ass again with the wooden paddle harder than the last
time 'owwwwwwwww' the girl cried out she had tried not too but her mouth had
betrayed her ... 'yes Master this girl hears you and she is very sorry' ...
'that's My baby I know you can learn My ways', He stroked her face and kissed
her tenderly as His hands roamed unstopped all over her vunerable naked body ... 
He broke away from their kiss and stood just back a little so that He could look
upon His property and appreciate her nakedness cuffed and adorned with His
clamps ... He tenderly played with her nipples while the clamps bit into them
and caused the girl sensations that she never thought one body could endure ..
she gasped and thrust her hips up to Him as if begging Him to use her ... His
hands travelled down to her pussy He spread  open her legs and He stood
inbetween them so she could not close them ... His fingers explored the wetness
of her inner folds He withdrew them and ran the wet digits across her lips, He
cooed at the slave 'here My sweet taste your own honey', she let her tongue run
over His fingers hungrily tasting her own pussy juice on them ... again He
dipped His fingers deep within her pussy 'I want to taste the juices from deep
within your cunt' she moaned as His fingers played with the tip of her cervix
and that spot that noone else had discovered ...  she could feel her juices ooze
out from around His fingers and coat the now naked lips of her shaved pussy, He
then slid His finger out of her and greedily sucked on it ... closing His eyes
and enjoying the savoury flavour ...  His throbbing cock ached to slide into
that wet cunt and fuck her until every drop of His cum was drained from His
balls, He pulled one of her legs up high and rubbed her hot wet exposed pussy
sliding two fingers into her sopping cunt ... 'Im going to fuck you girl and
fuck you hard' He then guided His hard cock to the entrance of her cunt and
thrust forward impaling the girl ... 'aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
yesssss oh baby your cunt is soo wet' He moaned as His shaft penetrated the
girls inner depths ... panting but biting her lower lip she moaned out 'ohhhhhhh
yes Master yes this girl yearns to have You buried deep within her' ...  He
began thrusting in and out of her cunt banging into her harder and harder with
each thrust ... looking at the slut through lust hazed eyes He whispered to her,
'lori you are so sweet' He pulled her other leg up so that He supported her
weight by grabbing the soft rounded ass flesh ... the flesh that felt warm
within His hands from the paddling she recieved and held her as she hung before
Him her cunt wet, wide open and yearning ... He fucked her pussy even harder ... 
'Don't you cum bitch ... you never cum before I do that is My rule' .. the slut
looked at Him her blue eyes silently pleading 'but Masterr please please may
this girl cum', He looked at her as His hard cock  was fed to the hilt into the
willing slave ... 'NO! I said .. you will learn woman' ... pumping harder and
harder feeling His own orgasm stirring in His balls ... the chain of the nipple
clamps swinging in the unison of the motion as He drove into her, 'Im going to
fill your cunt with My hot cream My kitten, then you can drench My cock in your
juice but not before'  ... in and out and in and out His hard cock thrusting
deeply into her... the girl struggled to contain the orgasm that threatened to
explode from her ...  then His body stiffened ... 
'aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhoooooooooohhhhhhhhhh loriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii' His body
spasmed as His balls contracted and shot forth His hot cum, squirt after squirt
of the hot creamy liquid filled her pussy ... 'now baby let your pussy juices
flow and cum for Me My slut' .. 'mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmoohhhhhhhoohhh' 
she screamed out with the yearning and the lust that had been bottled up within
her ... her pussy muscles clenched hungrily at His cock desiring to suck every
drop of His cum from His balls ...  her juices flowed around His cock and oozed
out to coat the very flesh between them ... as He regained His composure and His
breathing had returned to normal He looked at her smiled and leaned in close to
her,  softly He  whispered ' that is what happens to brats' smiling and kissing
her softly now, He then playfully slapped her ass ... 
'lori what are you doing??' her Masters voice was calling to her and brought her
back from her daydream ... 'oh just thinking Master' was her reply.                      

THE END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Ayla


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





