BDSM Library - Cum Torture




Cum Torture
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Mistress Jacqui and her male slave torture her newest female toy with pleasure.
Cum Torture


	For several years, I was the submissive of Mistress Jacqui, a beautiful,
devious, bisexual woman.  Mistress Jacqui loved playing with slaves of both
sexes, usually at the same time.  Many times she'd allow me to join her while
she reduced a slave girl to a quivering mess by using a technique she called
"cum torture."

	One afternoon, Mistress Jacqui called me at work.  Her husky, sensual
voice caused my cock to stir when I picked up the phone.  "What are you doing
tonight, pet?'  she asked, and I could envision the evil smile on her face.

	"I didn't have any plans."

	"Be at my home for 7.  I've got a surprise.  We'll have some fun," she
hung up, laughing.

	

	At 7, I was pulling into her driveway.  Her job as an advertising
executive allowed her to build a large home in the suburbs, set on over four
acres of land, backed up to a state forest.  She had built the house towards the
back of the property, leaving a long driveway.  She said she loved the location. 
There were no nosy neighbors to ask what all the screaming was about.  I noticed
another car parked in the driveway, and wondered whose it was.  I would soon
find out.

	I made my way out of the car and to the door.  Mistress Jacqui's entry
door was an "airlock".  There was the exterior door, a small foyer, and then an
ornate, heavy wooden door that was the actual door into her home.  I opened the
exterior door, and stood in the foyer.  Mistress Jacqui required her submissives
to remove their "vanilla" clothes before entering.  Often, she would leave other
clothes in the foyer that she wished her subs to wear.  Once she had left a
complete French Maid's outfit for me, including 6" stiletto heels which I had
teetered around on for most of a day.

	Tonight, there was nothing, except my black leather collar, sitting on a
small circular table.  I quickly stripped out of all my clothes, folding them
neatly on the floor underneath the table.  My cock was already rock hard, and my
breathing quickened as I placed the collar, the symbol of her ownership around
my neck.  I then pressed the door bell, and kneeled on the floor, eyes cast
down, before the door, awaiting her.

	In short order, I could hear the clicking of approaching footsteps on
the other side of the door.  The door swung open and Mistress Jacqui's feet,
encased in high heeled boots came into my vision.  "I'm here to serve you,
Mistress," I said reverently, and I lowered my head and kissed the toes of her
boots.

	She reached down and ran her hand through my hair, "I'm so glad you're
here, pet," she said, running her hand along the side of my face, and under my
chin, raising my face so I could gaze upon her.

	Mistress was 40, but she looked at least ten years younger. At 5'10",
she towered over me, even without heels.  Shoulder length, coppery, red hair
framed a face with high cheekbones, emerald green eyes and a small mouth with
full lips.  Most of her 36D breasts were exposed, spilling over the cups of a
black lace corset.  Her legs were hidden underneath black, thigh high leather
boots.  She smiled as she attached a leash to my collar. "C'mon, let me show you
your surprise."  She turned, and I was able to gaze at the thong disappearing
between the globes of her creamy white ass cheeks as I crawled behind her on my
hands and knees.

	We headed down the hall toward the guest bedroom.  Mistress Jacqui
stopped before the closed door, and turned back, looking down into my eyes.  She
smiled a devilish, wicked smile, "You're going to love this," she cooed, before
throwing open the door.

	Mistress had converted this particular bedroom into a playroom.  The
room was about 15 x 17.  The walls were covered with pegboard and hooks from
which hung various whips, crops, floggers, paddles, cuffs, collars, blindfold,
gags and other implements.  Against the center of one wall was a queen-sized
bed, flanked by side tables.  Against the wall opposite was a large dresser,
within which Mistress Jacqui kept dildos, vibrators, butt plugs, nipple clamps,
her electrical toys and other small items.  There was a padded sawhorse, and
against one wall, a St. Andrew's cross.  The closet was filled with women's
clothes in leather, latex and lace, as well as many pairs of shoes and boots. 
There were chains hanging from the ceiling and rings secured at various
locations on the floor and walls.

	As I entered, I saw a young woman; naked, standing and secured
spread-eagled in the middle of the room.  She looked to be in her middle 20's,
with deeply tanned skin and blond hair that fell to the middle of her back.  She
was blindfolded, and had what I recognized to be one of Mistress Jacqui's cock
gags secured in her mouth.  She was shorter than I, probably around 5'4", and
had a very tight, toned body.  Her breasts were full and round, with large
aureoles and nipples that were already hard.  Her pussy was shaved, and I could
already see wetness around her labia.

	"David, meet Katherine," Mistress said, walking towards the girl. 
"Kneel," she ordered, pointing at a spot several feet away from Katherine. 
Mistress continued, moving close to her, and beginning to run her hands over the
girl's body. "She's my newest slave.  I've only been training her for a couple
of weeks.  She's such a slut."  Katherine let out a long, loud groan as Mistress
brought her open hand down hard and spanked her on the ass.  Mistress then
looked over at me, "Go over and get a set of wrist and ankle cuffs for
yourself."

	As I walked to the far wall and retrieved the cuffs, Mistress Jacqui
removed Katherine's blindfold.  "Do you like what you see, my little slut?  He's
got a cute ass, doesn't he?"  Mistress asked her.  Katherine just moaned into
her gag, but it sounded to me like an affirmative moan.  "I like fucking his ass
with my strap-on, just like I fuck yours."

	I returned and Mistress Jacqui quickly secured the cuffs around my
ankles and wrists.  Then she placed me in a spread eagle position, using the
same chains and floor rings that Katherine was attached to.  We were touching
each other.  He skin was hot and I could feel her hard nipples pressing into me. 
I'm sure she could feel the wetness of my leaking cock and its hardness pressing
into her belly.  I was looking straight ahead, but Katherine's eyes were
downcast, and she looked to be embarrassed.  Mistress Jacqui grabbed a handful
of hair, and pulled, bringing her head back up.  "I want you both looking into
each others' eyes.  She's got beautiful blue eyes, doesn't she David?"

	"Yes, Mistress," I replied.  Katherine's eyes held a bit a fear, but
also smoldered with barely contained longing and sexuality.  I could tell she
was frightened about what might happen, but that she wanted it...needed it.

	Mistress Jacqui had picked several implements off the wall, and returned
to the two of us.  First, she attached a pair of nipple clamps to each of us.  A
short, thin chain ran between each pair, connecting Katherine and I together,
with very little slack.  If either of us moved, it would pull the clamps on the
other slave's tits.  Next, Jacqui kneeled down, and attached Y-clamps to us. 
Usually she used these on me to clamp both my nipples to my cock or balls. 
Tonight, she attached one clamp to my balls, and the other two clamps to
Katherine's pussy lips, the chain running between them.

	Mistress Jacqui stood back up, then reached over to a table and picked
up two riding crops, one in each hand.  "Now, let's have some fun, shall we?"

	She began to alternately crop each of our asses.  It stung, but it
wasn't anything I hadn't taken from her, or other Dommes, before.  The problem
was it was obviously a fairly new experience for Katherine.  After only a few
strikes, she began mewling.  Her legs shook as she tried to stay still, her eyes
pleading with Jacqui, and then offering a silent apology towards me.

	"She wants to move, pet," Mistress Jacqui said, giggling,"Isn't that
going to hurt?"

	I looked into Katherine's eyes and gave her a small nod.  I let out a
gasp as she arched her back at the next swipe of the crop to land on her ass,
causing the clamps to pull tight on my nipples.  Now I wasn't getting any
respite.  My ass and back were burning as Mistress Jacqui rained blows from her
riding crop down upon them and my nipples and balls felt like they were being
torn from my body every time the crop struck Katherine and she moved.  After
awhile, I started moving too, trying to escape the sensations, which meant that
Katherine was getting the same treatment.

	"Oh, have my two little sluts had enough?"  Mistress Jacqui cooed after
ten minutes.  She put her crops down, and began caressing our asses with her
cool hands, "So nice and warm," she observed.  Her hands wrapped around us, as
she hugged us close.  Katherine tried to snuggle her head into close to Jacqui's
breast.  "Yes, that's it, baby.  Mistress will take care of you," she said,
soothingly...

	Then quickly pulled off a pair of nipple clamps, bringing a scream from
each of us as the blood rushed back into the flesh.  Mistress Jacqui laughed,
"Oh, that was priceless," she said, then pulled the other pair off, eliciting
much the same reaction.  She kneeled again, removing the clip attached to my
balls, and one of the labial clamps from Katherine.  "Uh-oh slut," Mistress said
to Katherine, "Looks like you have an extra one."  She looked up to see the
blonde slave girl shaking her head and trying to moan "No" through her gag. 
"Well, we can't leave it on there," Katherine let out a high pitched squeal as
Mistress Jacqui pulled the clip from her lip, "now can we?"  Katherine hung
limply, from her bonds, while Mistress Jacqui put Katherine's head upon her
shoulder, and rubbed her back.  "That was very good, my little slave," Mistress
whispered into her ear, "I know that was very intense for you."  She began to
unclip Katherine's arms, "I'm going to let you rest for a little while, dear." 
Jacqui lead Katherine over to the bed and laid her down upon it.  She attached
Katherine's wrists to a ring set into the center of the headboard.  She walked
over to the dresser, opened a drawer and retrieved a dildo, a butt plug and a
butterfly vibrator and a TENS unit, as well as some lube.  She returned to the
bed, and sat down next to Katherine.  First, she slid the butterfly vibrator's
harness up Katherine's legs, making sure the vibrator was firmly positioned over
her clit.  She ran a finger down through Katherine's slit.  "Oh, very wet," she
announced, "you won't be needing any lube there."  Mistress Jacqui picked up the
dildo, and quickly thrust it into Katherine's pussy as she moaned and ground her
hips.  The dildo had a wire protruding from the end of it, and Mistress Jacqui
connected it to the TENS unit

	Now Jacqui picked up the tube of lubricant, spread some out on her
finger, and then began to work her finger in and out of Katherine's ass.  Her
moans were now grunts.  Jacqui removed her finger, lubed up the butt plug, and
slowly inserted it into her hole.  I could have sworn I heard a pop as the
widest part made it past the sphincter and the base flattened itself.  The plug
also was attached to the TENS unit.  Katherine's ankle cuffs were attached to a
spreader bar, which spread them 3 feet apart.  To complete her work, Mistress
Jacqui began by setting the butterfly vibrator on a low setting. "That won't be
enough to let you cum, bitch, but it will be enough to get you ready for when I
want to play with you next."  Then she fiddled with some of the settings on the
TENS unit.  Katherine squealed into her gag again, and tried to close her legs. 
Obviously she had just received a shock in either her pussy or her asshole,
maybe both.  "I set them to give a small electric shock at random intervals,"
Mistress Jacqui giggled as she got up from the bed and Katherine whined.

	"Well, pet," she said, seizing my rigid cock in her hand and giving it a
squeeze, "I see you're enjoying yourself."  She took me down from the bondage
and had me crawl over to the padded sawhorse.  I lay down upon it on my stomach,
and Mistress Jacqui secured my cuffs with snap clips to the legs.  She began
running her nails over my back.  "Well, what am I going to do with you while the
bitch simmers?" she idly wondered.  She walked back over to the dresser, which
was behind me, so I couldn't see what it was.  A few moments later, I realized
it was her Violet Wand, as I felt the prickly sensation as she played it over my
back and ass.

	"You love the Violet Wand, don't you pet?"

	"Yes, Mistress, very much so...  AHHHH," I yelled, as she brought it
into contact with my exposed balls.

	"Your ass is so much prettier when it's nice and red," Mistress Jacqui
opined as she ran the wand across my ass.  I wiggled and twitched as she did. 
"How are you doing over there, slut?"

	"MMMMFFFFF," Katherine moaned as the vibrator stimulated her clit and
the shocks randomly went off in her pussy and ass.

	Mistress Jacqui began running the nails of one hand across my body,
while holding the top of the wand in her other.  It allowed her entire body to
become a Violet Wand.  I twitched each time she ran her hand across my cock and
balls, or reached under me to get at my nipples.  "I love watching you squirm,"
she giggled.

	She stopped and I could hear her opening the drawers to the dresser. 
She was putting the wand away and gathering other equipment.  In short order,
she walked in front of me, an 8" dildo protruding from her crotch.  She crouched
down in front of me, and ran her index finger down the side of my face.  She
smiled and looked into my eyes.  Softly, she spoke to me, "Are you ready to show
Katherine what a good cocksucking whore you are?  How well I've been training
you?"

	"Yes, Mistress Jacqui."

	She stood up, and the dildo was right at the right height.  I opened my
mouth, and extended my tongue, licking around the head of the silicone cock. 
Mistress moved forward and began to thrust the dildo into my mouth.  I sucked at
it hungrily.

	"Can you see this little whore, Katherine?  I'm training him to be a
cocksucker.  He's very good at it.  Very soon, I'm going to try him out on a
real man."  She laughed, and I got weak, just thinking about that day.  Mistress
Jacqui ran her hands through my hair, as she thrust her hips, fucking my mouth. 
"C'mon whore, suck it.  Lick that cock you little whore.  Make me feel good,
baby."

	Mistress Jacqui began thrusting the cock deeper and deeper into my
mouth.  When she had first started training me, I would choke and gag when she
made me deep throat her dildo, but now I was able to easily accomplish the task.

	"C'mon you whore, take that cock deep in your mouth!" Mistress Jacqui
shouted, as she grabbed my head and started roughly face fucking me.  It was
almost as if the dildo was really her cock and she was nearing climax.  She
began grunting, "Yeah, bitch, blow me!  Suck that dick!  You know where it's
going next, so you better make it nice and wet incase I don't give you any
lube!"  With that she buried her dildo deep in my throat, "Oh God!  If I was a
guy, I'd be filling your throat with cum right now you little whore!"  She
pulled out, leaned down next to me, "And you'd swallow it, wouldn't you?"

	"Yes, Mistress Jacqui."

	"Because that's what whores do.  They swallow."  Mistress Jacqui stood
up and walked behind me.  I could here Katherine's moans getting more insistent
as the vibrator kept her on the edge of cumming.  "You gave me a good blowjob
pet," Mistress said from behind me, and I felt her lubricated finger penetrating
my ass, "So I'm going to lube you up before I fuck you."  She called over to
Katherine, "He really likes this slut, almost as much as you.  I'm going to have
to make it fast and hard though, 'cause I can tell you're almost near the
boiling point," she laughed hard at that, then I felt the head of her cock at my
back entrance.  "Any last words, whore?"

	I was so far into subspace at this point.  "God, Mistress, please fuck
me," I managed to moan out.

	Laughing again, she replied, "I thought you'd say that," and rammed her
cock deep into my ass. 

	My head came up off the saw horse, my back arched and my eyes rolled
back in my head, "Yes Mistress!  Fuck me!  Fuck your whore!" I yelled out, as
she began slamming into me.

	"C'mon whore, fuck back on that cock!  Don't make me do all the work. 
Show me what a fucking slut you are!"

	I was meeting her thrusts as she grabbed my hips and rode me.  I could
feel her stomach and panty-covered pussy slamming into my ass with each thrust. 
While fucking me, Mistress interspersed grunts with "whore", "slut" and
"faggot."  She said that, as mush as she couldn't wait to watch me suck a cock,
she was looking even more forward to the first time I got ramrodded.  Finally,
with one deep thrust, Mistress collapsed on my back.  "You are such a whore,"
she whispered in my ear, "I love fucking your ass."  She stood back up, and
slowly removed the dildo from my ass.  "But, I think someone else needs some
attention.

	She released me from the sawhorse, and then had me sit on the bed on the
left side of Katherine, while she sat on the left.  She was moaning constantly
now, and her pussy was leaking fluid that covered the inside of her thighs and
had formed a puddle underneath her. Her eyes were glazed, and she seemed to be
having trouble focusing. Mistress shut off both the TENS unit and the butterfly
vibrator, and disconnected the electrodes from the dildo and butt plug. 
Quickly, she pulled the dildo out of Katherine's pussy and it came out with an
audible "PLOP".  Katherine thrust her pelvis and whined yet again, trying to
keep the invader inside of her.

	"I think you're more than ready," Mistress Jacqui smiled at her.  "I'll
bet you'd like this gag off, wouldn't you?" she asked, as she unbuckled it and
pulled the saliva covered cock from Katherine's mouth.

	"Oh God Mistress Jacqui I need to cum please let me cum I need to cum so
bad I'm so fucking hot right now I'll do anything Mistress just please let me
cum," Katherine begged in an explosion of words as soon as the gag was removed.

	Mistress Jacqui started laughing, "You'll do anything?  I already knew
that, you slut."  She began to idly play with Katherine's right nipple.  "I'll
give you a choice, though.  You can stop begging, I'll keep playing with you
until I'm through, but then I will give you the hardest cum you've ever
experienced."  She paused for a moment, and then continued, "Or, I'll make you
cum right now, and I'll make you keep cumming until I'm satisfied and tired of
making you cum."  She smiled evilly and let out a short laugh, "I'll make you
cum until you can't cum anymore, and then make you cum some more.  And no matter
how much you beg me to stop, I won't until I'm done with you."

	Katherine's need was so great, she didn't even take time to think,
"Please Mistress Jacqui, I need to cum now.  I'm so fucking wet.  I can't stand
it.  I need to cum! Please, before my pussy explodes!  Oh God! Please make your
slut cum, Mistress!" Katherine was near tears.

	"Okay, but remember, you asked for it."  Mistress reached over, and
turned the butterfly vibrator on high.

	Katherine's reaction was immediate, "Yesssssssssssss! Oh fuck! I'm going
to cum! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! UHHHHHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!"  As she was reaching
the peak of her orgasm, back arched, every muscle straining, Mistress Jacqui
reached below her, and YANKED the butt plug out of her ass "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
Katherine screamed as the wave of her denied climax broke over her, "Fuck! I'm
cuuuuummmmmmmiiiiiinnnnnnngggggggggggggggg!"

	  "Suck on her tit, David," Mistress Jacqui ordered.  I lowered my head,
and latched my mouth onto Katherine's hard, swollen nipple.  "Keep sucking 'til
I tell you to stop." 

	Mistress Jacqui slowed butterfly vibrator, "Was that good, bitch?"

	"Oh God, yes Mistress," Katherine panted.  "Thank you for letting your
cum slut...Oh!  Oh, Mistress, I'm going to cum again!"

	Mistress Jacqui turned the vibrator back up again, "I know, bitch.  I
told you, you were going to keep cumming until I was done with you."  As
Katherine writhed and screamed out another orgasm, Mistress Jacqui turned to me,
"Keep sucking this slut's tit, pet.  She's nowhere near done cumming."

	Within ten minutes, Mistress Jacqui had made Katherine cum seven times. 
The smell of sex and a woman in heat was thick in the air.  Katherine was
moaning constantly now.

	"Mistress...please...I can't cum
aggggggggggggaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnn!"  she screamed as another orgasm
ripped through her.

	Mistress Jacqui just laughed, "It's only been a few minutes since your
first cum.  You can't be all done yet.  I'm not."  She removed the butterfly
vibrator from Katherine, and then looked over at me.  "Would you like reward,
pet?"

	I took my mouth off of Katherine's nipple, but continued to lick it. 
"If my Mistress desires to give me one," I replied.

	Mistress smiled at me, "I do."  She ran her hand over Katherine's flat
stomach and down to her pussy.  "Lick this little bitch's cunt." I smiled
broadly, and moved down in between Katherine's legs.  "Won't that be nice,
Katherine, to be eaten?"

	"Oh no, " Katherine wailed as my mouth covered her sopping wet muff and
my tongue ran over her stiff, erect clit, "not again!  Noooooo! My clit! My
clit's so hot!"  Her pussy flooded my mouth with its juices and I had trouble
lapping all of them up.

	"Well, now that my pet's mouth is busy, I guess the little cum slut's
should be too."  I looked up to see Mistress Jacqui standing by the side of the
bed and taking off her G-string, "I am soooo fucking wet," she reported, as she
climbed onto the bed, straddled Katherine's head, facing her feet, and lowered
her crotch to the tortured blonde's face.  "Eat me, bitch." Mistress Jacqui
growled, "The sooner you completely...ah...satisfy me, the sooner your cum
torture will end."  Mistress Jacqui ran her had through my hair as she rode
Katherine's tongue.  "Uhhhnnn..." she moaned, "Both of you are so good at eating
pussy."  She looked down her body, towards Katherine's head, "Isn't he good,
Katherine?"

	"Uh-huh," Katherine answered, her reply muffled by Mistress Jacqui's
snatch.

	I continued working on Katherine, alternating long slow licks up her
slit, with quick flicks across her click, then plunging my tongue deep into the
depths of her pussy, scooping out the juice like a cat would empty a bowl of
milk.  Shortly, she cam again, moaning and thrashing underneath Mistress Jacqui,
who let out a soft, "Yeah, that's it bitch, make me cum...make your Mistress
cum."  After a moment, Mistress looked back down at me.  "Keep doing that pet. 
Every time you make her cum, she hums against my clit.  It feels soooo gooood." 
She then turned her attention back to Katherine, "That was one, my beautiful
little slut...only 9 more to go" Katherine whined, knowing that her task was
nowhere near done.

	It took her over an hour to bring Mistress Jacqui to her tenth orgasm. 
It was the most powerful yet.  Mistress screamed and bucked on Katherine's face,
rubbing her pussy and clit from Katherine's nose to her chin as she came for the
tenth time.  As she came down from her climax, she collapsed down upon
Katherine's body.  "Oh wow!" she exclaimed, "God how I love to cum!"  She slid
off of Katherine and lay next to her, "Don't you?" she asked, and the evil smile
graced her lips.

	Katherine was incoherent by this point.  I had lost count, and I'm sure
she had too, but she had to have cum thirty times. The puddle of cum under her
ass had turned into a small pond.  Her earlier thrashing and writhing had turned
into twitching.

	"I've cum," Mistress said, running her fingers over Katherine's lips,
"and you've certainly cum," she laughed as Katherine's lips parted and she
greedily sucked Jacqui's fingers into her mouth, "but David hasn't."  She looked
down at me, as she absently thrust her fingers in and out of Katherine's mouth. 
"You can stop eating her, pet.  Come up here and feed the slut your cock."  As I
moved up to Katherine's head, a huge smile on my face, Mistress Jacqui quietly
spoke to her.  "I'm almost done with you, dear.  I'm going to keep playing with
your pussy, and you're going to keep cumming until his cock explodes in your
mouth."

	Weakly, wearily, Katherine turned her head to the side, and I shoved my
stiff cock inside of her wide open mouth.  She was obviously experienced.  She
ran her tongue around the head of my cock, and then sucked it deep into her
throat.  All of the sudden, I felt a sensation like a vibrator on my cock, and
what sounded like a moan from Katherine. "Unnnhhhhh, that's good," I groaned.

	Mistress looked up from fingering Katherine's pussy, "It feels great
when she cums, doesn't it?  Kind of like a vibrator, huh?"

	"Yes, Mistress, "I hissed, as Katherine worked her mouth up and down my
cock.

	She suddenly pulled away from my cock, threw her head back and let out a
scream as she came again.  Mistress just started laughing again, "If you can't
multi-task slut, you'll never get him off.  You need to focus on your task."

	"Please..." was all Katherine could manage, in a hoarse whisper.

	"Please what?  Please make you stop cumming?  I told you what the rules
were slut.  You asked for this."

	Katherine made a frustrating moan, and then put her mouth back around my
cock.  She kept sucking and licking at it through a few more orgasms.  I felt
the familiar sensations as my cock grew harder still, and cum rushed out from my
balls, "Mistress, I'm going to cum!"

	"Cum, my pet," Mistress Jacqui said, as her fingers sped up, flying over
Katherine's clit, "Fill that bitch's mouth with your spunk."  She was bringing
Katherine to yet another climax, and the sensations on my cock sent me over the
edge.  I could swear I could hear the jets of semen smacking into the back of
Katherine's throat.  "Make sure you swallow it all, slut," Mistress growled.

	I must have cum for a full minute, and I felt Katherine's throat
contracting as she swallowed.  Finally, spent, I collapsed onto the bed lying
alongside Katherine.  After a moment, Mistress Jacqui began releasing Katherine
from her bondage.  When she was done, she laid down on the bed between us.

	She smiled, warm, inviting, caring.  "How are my two little pets doing?' 
she asked.  We both answered that we were fine, in a blissful tone of voice. 
Katherine's voice was hoarse and tired.

	"It smells like sex in here," Mistress Jacqui said, and I laughed. 
Katherine simply smiled.  "I had fun with both of you."

	"Thank you, Mistress," we both answered.

	After allowing her to rest awhile, Mistress Jacqui had Katherine get
dressed.  Her clit and pussy were so sensitive she had to leave with her panties
in her purse, going bare underneath her short skirt.

	After seeing Katherine to the door, Mistress Jacqui returned to the
bedroom.  She stood at the side of the bed, and looked down upon me.  "Did you
enjoy your surprise, pet?"

	"Very much so, Mistress."

	"Well, I hope you're ready for Round 2..."




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Festen


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





