BDSM Library - Fraternity Girl




Fraternity Girl
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: An innocent freshman unwittingly beats out the competition, winning the dubious honor of being named this year's.
Fraternity Girl

Jenny wiggles uncomfortably, looks around the smoky hotel suite.  Where is
Careth?  She looks at her watch-only nine pm, they've only been here an hour. 
She sips her beer, tugging at the hem of her entirely-too-short denim skirt. 
Stupid parties-she hates them, hadn't wanted to come in the first place.  But
Careth had insisted, hadn't wanted to be alone at the biggest frat bash of the
year, the one where the official "Frat Girl" was chosen from a collection of
names put in a hat.  It sounded silly to Jenny, but Careth was excited, stoked. 
So Jenny relented, borrowing the short skirt, the tight sweater that showcases
her 34 C breasts in a way she's unaccustomed to.  All to accompany her dorm
mate. . . her now missing dorm mate. 

Jenny runs a nervous hand through her soft blonde hair, blue eyes scanning the
opulent room.  Everyone here is so much older, cooler, more sophisticated.  She
feels out of place, a dull hick at theVanderbilt's.  No amount of red lipstick
or low cut sweaters can hide the fact that she is a farm girl of eighteen.  It's
the end of her first semester, and she is still a fish out of water.

"Can I get you another?"  Jenny looks up into the smiling, somewhat intoxicated
face of Matt Anders-Senior, frat pres, campus stud.  She goggles, her eyes wide
as she giggles shyly, nods.  Matt grins, fetches her another beer-her fourth.

"So, you're new, right?"  Matt hands her the glass, smiles as she takes a deep
drink.  "You're from-Iowa, is it?" 

Jenny blushes, nods, "How-how did you know?" 

Matt leans in, stares at her chest unabashedly, "Let's just say that you're . .
. memorable."

Jenny blinks, looks away, embarrassed.  Setting her beer down, she grasps the
arm of the sofa, long legs stretching as she moves unsteadily to rise, leave.

"Hey, hey, where ya going?"  Matt's voice is smooth, but his eyes are narrow,
irritated, "That was a compliment!"  He puts an arm around her shoulders, pushes
her back down.  "Don't be unfriendly, huh?  I'm just being nice, can't you be
nice, too?"

"I-I'm sorry."  Jenny looks around desperately for Careth, her hands shaking as
she tugs once again at the high-riding skirt, suddenly painfully aware that her
soft, white thighs are visible to all. 

"That's a good girl."  Matt leans in, arm still across her shoulders as his
other hand rises to trace along her neckline.  He nuzzles into her neck, laughs
as Jenny pushes his hand away.  Arm behind her lowering, he grabs her bicep,
pulls it back as his other hand returns to her neckline. Trapping her other arm
against the sofa with his body, he smothers her surprised cry with a sloppy,
drunken kiss.  Jenny whimpers as his hand slips up the bottom of her tight,
fuzzy sweater, cups a breast, squeezing. 

"Please," she whispers, turning her face to the side, not wanting to make a
scene, "please stop, I don't want you to."

"Hmmm . . ." Matt removes his hand, grasping the bottom of the sweater, tugging
it up and over her breasts, exposing her white lace bra.  He laughs softly at
her gasp, buries his head between her breasts, moaning. 

Jenny whines, her eyes filling with tears as she tries to work her arms free.  
She looks around, horrified that someone might see, but no one seems to notice. 
"Please stop!"  Her whispered voice is shaky, soft, tone pleading.  "Please!"

Ignoring her pleas, Matt's hand grasps the clasp between her breasts, deftly
pops it open, groaning appreciatively as her large, firm breasts practically
jump forward, bare, beautiful. 

"Beautiful," he murmurs, lips tracing over her trembling skin, "you shouldn't be
embarrassed, you should be very proud."  He begins sucking first one nipple,
then the other as she whines, cries silently.  He blows on them, smiles as her
nipples stiffen. 

Jenny squirms, skirt hiking to reveal her lace panties as she twists in his
grasp.  Her tear streaked face rises, she gasps in horror as she realizes that
others are watching.  Her cheeks burn, she takes a deep breath, shouts "STOP!" 

Matt pauses, head turning slightly to glance over his shoulder, waits for
someone to step forward, tell him to stop. 

No one does.

Smiling, he kisses her cheek, then returns to her breasts, sucking, licking,
nipping as she sobs, her legs kicking, heels scraping desperately at the floor. 

"Please, please someone help me!"  Jenny's voice is high, cracking, "Please
someone make him stop!"  She freezes as she spots Careth across the room. 
Careth's expression is hard, hostile, eyes narrow as she watches Matt maul her
dorm mate's breasts. 

"Careth, please!"  Jenny sobs, stricken, as Careth turns pointedly away.

"Well, hello," Matt pulls back slightly, looking down at Jenny's milky, inviting
thighs, "what have we here?"  His hand drops, begins squeezing, kneading her
trembling legs, hand working higher until his hand is brushing her lace clad
pussy. 

Jenny whines, her hips jerking back into the cushions, thighs straining to close
against him.  She looks around the room-more eyes upon her;  an audience is
forming, hungry faces, enrapt, watching without a word. 

Matt works his fingers under the elastic at her thigh, smiling lazily at the
sharp whine this elicits.  "Are you a virgin, baby?"  He rubs roughly, parting
her soft, blonde pussy lips, mouth returning to suck her nipples. 

"Please," Jenny sobs, her hips jerking, twisting, trying to escape his calloused
touch, "Please, I don't want to, please!"

Matt groans, his cock painfully rigid under his jeans.  He begins moving his
hips, pressing his hard meat against her thigh as he throws a leg over hers,
traps her further.  Biting a nipple, he pulls, releases, laughing as her full,
round breast jiggles.  He grinds his fingers deeper, finds her tight hole. 
Licking her neck, he plunges a finger in, thrills to her pained gasp, squeal,
the desperate bucking of her hips. 

"You are, aren't you?"  He murmurs, withdrawing his hand to unbutton his jeans,
"Guess we both got lucky tonight, huh?" 

Jenny thrashes wildly as his cock bobs free.  Crawling over her, he pushes
relentlessly, swiveling her, shoving her down on her back on the leather sofa,
arm still trapped behind her. 

"Shhhh," he whispers, kneeing her thighs wide, grasping her panties and tugging
them roughly to the side, "Shhhh-you know how many girls would kill to be where
you are right now?"  Grasping the base of his cock, he pushes relentlessly past
her pussy lips, driving into her tight, dry hole

Jenny screams, back arching hard as he shoves his tool into her resisting pussy. 
Her hips buck, legs flailing helplessly as he pins her, pushes further, deeper
inside.  He sighs at the blood, the stretching, the tearing of her hymen. 

Jenny's eyes are huge, terrified, her mouth pulled in a mask of pain as she
whines, writhes under him.  She sobs, face turned to the side as he bites her
neck, mauls her breasts with his free hand.  Her teary eyes scan the faces in
the room, pleading silently for rescue as Matt begins riding her in earnest,
driving small, breathy whines from her with each brutal thrust.  She whimpers in
sick relief as a dark haired man steps forward, staring at her face.  Relief
turns to horror as he bends over her, grinds thumbs into her face, forcing her
jaws wide.  An appreciative murmur spreads through the party-goers as he thrusts
his stiff cock past her red lips, yanking her head back as he pushes his full
length into her throat

Jenny gags, chokes, her eyes huge as this new assault begins, her mouth full,
jaws straining.  She struggles to pull back, turn her head, but his hands tangle
in her thick hair, pulling her face down until her chin touched his belly.  Her
nostrils flare, dragging in short, choked breaths heavy with the stink of his
balls.  He jerks her head back and forth, fucking her sweet face as she grunts,
gags, her feet drumming desperately on the leather sofa.

Matt groans, eyes close as he begins thrusting wildly, rocking her hard as his
climax approaches.  Her breasts jounce painfully as he collapses on her, moaning
loudly as his cock spasms, begins filling her bruised pussy.  His hips jerk, his
motions uneven as he continues fucking, grinding his spunk deep into her. 

Jenny whines through her nose, the sound cut off by another cruel thrust into
her constricting throat.  She is overwhelmed, stunned, trembling violently as
Matt pulls out, crawls off her.  She struggles to close her legs even as the
cock in her mouth swells, begins twitching, then spewing forth thick, sour cum. 
She gags, sputtering, swallowing reflexively as her mouth fills.  Cum bubbles
from her nose, she whines as her belly tightens in protest of the hot, sickening
load rushing down.  Matt steps clear, whistling as he zips his fly.  Leaning
back, he lights a smoke, nods affably at the crowd.

The man in her mouth withdraws, and Jenny twists weakly onto her belly, whining,
sobbing as she struggles to pull herself up.  Hands grasp her hips firmly, yank
her back, a hard cock pressing against her ass crack as her knees slide
helplessly under her.  Fingers curl under her panties, yank them down over her
hips.

"N-n-nooo," Jenny squeals hoarsely as sick realization sets in, "nooo, please,
please!"  Her protests are cut short with a painful pressure, relentless shoving
as the man drives his cock into her tight ass.  Screaming, Jenny's knees work
desperately, her hands clawing at the arm of the sofa, eyes huge with agony,
horror.  A low cheer, then amused laughter set up as her hips jerk, twist
violently, feet dig into rich leather.  Her head shakes mindlessly as she
grunts, gasps, squeals rawly.  Her breasts swing free, bouncing back and forth
below her with each torturing thrust.

 Another man climbs onto the sofa in front of her, presses hard on the back of
her head, forcing her head down onto his waiting cock.  Cat calls from the crowd
as her eyes stare in agony, her throat works, hands beating ineffectually on his
brown hips.  Her swollen red lips wrap around his huge cock, jaws spread
impossibly wide, cries reduced to muffled, choked groans, punctuated by agonized
gagging.  Her eyes drag up, sideways, fill with sick comprehension as she sees
the line queuing up. 

Thrusting viciously, the man in her ass wraps an arm under her hips, holding her
immobile as his other runs appreciatively up her pretty leg, her quivering ass
cheek.  His balls pull up tight, he nods sharply at Matt's whispered command. 
Pulling from her torn ass, he jams his glistening cock into her battered pussy,
groaning loudly as he begins to cum, flooding her with thick, hot spunk. 
Gagging, sobbing, Jenny's hips jerk helplessly, her mind numb he grinds his seed
deep into her.  He laughs, leans forward, reaching under to twist her nipples
cruelly.  "You don't know how lucky you are-we rarely consider freshmen." 
Stepping down, he makes way for another as her mouth, throat fill with another
awful load.

Jenny pushes weakly at the hips before her, feels the cock swell in her throat. 
Her eyes roll, she gags, swallows sickly, cum spilling down the sides of her
mouth, dribbling from her chin.  Her belly is tight, full.  Another man on top
of her, she's on her back again, leg hanging limply off the side, bare foot
scraping haltingly across the polished wood floor with each thrust into her
bleeding pussy.  Her other leg bobs bonelessly over her latest attacker's
shoulder, his fingers digging into her soft thigh, holding her in place.  She
whimpers as her chest is straddled, bruised, bitten breasts forced together
roughly, fat cock sliding back and forth.  Her thoughts are jumbled, time beyond
her.  She's lost count, doesn't know how many, how long. 

"You guys almost done?"  Careth's voice, impatient, petulant.  Jenny moans,
struggles to focus, her red rimmed eyes glassy.  Her head is dragged forward,
cum splatters her face, thick, looping globs hanging as she whimpers.  "It's
almost four in the fucking morning!"  Jenny grunts weakly as the man in her
pussy begins ramming violently, shaking her, cramping her belly painfully as he
shoots his load deep.  Jenny whines softly, dull, blank eyes rolling, then
closing as she loses consciousness..

"Get the fuck up, stupid."  Careth's voice is angry, disgusted.  "Christ, what a
fucking baby you are."

Jenny moans thickly, her legs splayed wide, thighs slick, sticky with cooled
cum.  Her eyes flutter, mouth swollen, lips puffy and bruised as she struggles
to speak.  Her cheeks, chin, hair are tacky with drying spunk, bruised breasts
splattered thick.  She moans again, unable to speak.

"You know, one girl a year gets this, ONE,"  Careth is enraged, shaking, her
eyes blinking back tears, "they choose ONE girl, and you . . . you fucking
UNGRATEFUL bitch!"  Careth sneers at Jenny's pained groans, her trembling
attempts to close her legs, focus her eyes.  "God, you really are a stupid hick,
aren't you?"  Turning, Careth stomps from the suite, leaves Jenny moaning,
whining numbly in a puddle of pink-tinged cum. 

Jenny drifts painfully, her eyes opening blearily as Matt returns, leans over
her.  "Mmm, nnnnooo."  Jenny's cracked lips move weakly, her eyes rolling in
helpless terror.

"Shhhh."  Matt waves five hundred dollar bills before her face, folding them
crisply before bending to jam them into her cum soaked pussy.  "Congratulations,
baby-welcome to Tau Kappa Sigma."  He leans, kisses her sweat-matted head,
patting her almost gently as he smiles. 

Turning, he walks to the door, stops to take one last appreciative look at her
sprawled, whining form.

"Check out is at eleven-make sure you're gone."

The door closes softly, leaving Jenny alone in the luxurious suite.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





