BDSM Library - In Master's Capable Hands




In Master's Capable Hands
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A meeting between a Master and His submissive for a weekend away.
In Master's Capable Hands

This story is being written by Precious. 


It was a long hot drive in the blaring sunshine, Thank God for sunglasses I
thought as I crossed the state line, finally the same state as my Master. Now it
was a small matter of finding the hotel and getting settled in before He would
appear at my door. It was the first time together in a long time; the excitement
was ringing in the air, just a little bit longer and all would be good again.


I felt my nipples harden as I pulled into the parking lot of the hotel. I sat in
the car for a few minutes, mentally telling myself to calm down, to take it
easy. I was hot and sticky from the trip and I needed to get checked in and then
take a nice long relaxing bath to prepare for His arrival. I looked down at my
watch, I had made it right on time, I got out of the car and went inside.


After getting checked in at the desk I returned to my car for my suitcases and
managed to get into the room with no problem. I was never so glad to have called
in advance for reservations and request a two-room suite on the end of the
building and on the second floor. I was worried about the traveling sound to
other rooms. I didn't want a single thing to go wrong this weekend. It had been
a few weeks since our last weekend together, and this one was suppose to be an
extra special time together. I knew some of the things that Sir had planned and
since I had never tried them before my nervousness and excitement were ten-fold.


While we were apart this time I had bought Sir a beautiful new cane, I was
curious as to what it would feel like after He described once in a little
bedtime story over the phone as He tucked me in one night. It had played on my
mind for days, till I finally got my nerve up to go into a lifestyle/fetish shop
and picked out the best one I could find. I wanted it to be a surprise but I
just couldn't contain my excitement before I blurted it out that same night over
the phone what I had done. The next morning I went straight to the post-office
and mailed it out to Him. Since then I went to sleep every night dreaming of Sir
holding my precious gift in His capable hands.


I got into my room and quickly unpacked, laying out the outfit Sir had specified
I should be wearing upon His arrival. It was a curious combination that He had
picked out on His last visit to me...


I had gone to the kitchen to refill His soda glass and when I returned to the
room that we had shared over the previous several days I found Him going thru my
closet and selecting items that He said on our next visit I should be wearing
for Him when I answered the door. The outfit consisted of an old mini skirt that
I haven't worn in ages, black thigh high stockings, black heels, a plain pair of
satin panties, (I was beginning to wonder why though He was picking things that
I hadn't worn in quite a while)...The matching satin bra, and one of my older
button up blouses.

I looked at the clothing and shrugged my shoulders, oh well, I thought to
myself, if that's what He wants, then that's what He shall have, I just wonder
why out of all my lovely newer clothing He chose these old things. I grabbed my
small case that I had packed my bathing products in and the small travel clock
and went into the bathroom.


I sat the clock on the counter and got out my bath soap and bubble bath and
things I would need to bathe. I ran a tub full of nice warm water; the bubbles
grew after adding the sweet scent of Jasmine bubble bath, I stepped in and
leaned back, I relaxed and began to soak the road weariness I was feeling away.


I laid in the tub for some time till I felt water take on a little chill; I
opened my eyes and looked at the clock. I had another hour and a half before He
would get here, the little butterflies in my stomach fluttered away and made me
giggle like a young schoolgirl filled with anticipation. I pulled the stopper,
closed the shower curtain, and stood. I used more of the Jasmine to wash with,
showered off the suds, and shampooed my hair. I shaved completely and rinsed
down the tub and shower before getting out, wrapping a nice soft oversized towel
around me.


I still had another hour to put on my make-up, dry my hair and dress. I quickly
dried myself, picked up the clock and moved into the other room where the vanity
was. I pulled the chair out from the vanity in my nice two-room suite, and began
to carefully apply my make-up, being ever so careful not to apply it to heavily
as He hates that. Once I was finished I brushed out the long blonde hair flowing
down my back and dried it as I styled it in the manner I know pleases Him. Then
I dressed as quickly as I could. I stood back to view my entire image, I
shrugged as I sighed at the tired old outfit, "Oh well, it is what He wanted", I
whispered to myself. I turned to look over the room and moved about shutting a
few of the lights off, making the room appear a little more intimate for when He
arrived. Just as I turned off the last lamp I heard the strong confident knock
of my Master at my door.


The butterfly's in my stomach was more than fluttering at this point, I looked
around quickly surveying the room, not a thing out of place, I looked again at
the mirror, perfect make-up, not a hair out of place and this worn out tired old
outfit. I sighed again fearing the outfit would disappoint Him, but knowing if I
had changed the outfit it would have disappointed Him more. My hand was slightly
shaking as I reached for the doorknob and opened the door.


Standing before me was my Master, all smiles and open arms for me to come to
Him. He stepped in as He picked me up off my feet and kissed me as He spun me
around and then sat me down onto my feet again. He was as happy to see me as I
was Him. He lifted my arms and turned me around, inspecting the outfit He had
chosen for me. Everything was as He had instructed and my immediate reward was a
wide smile and hardy "Good girl!" before I felt His hand sliding up my leg and
underneath the skirt, checking for the soft satin of the panties. I closed my
eyes as my skin tingled at His touch.


I felt His fingers slip beneath the thin material, the tips of His fingers
lightly brushed against the length of the moist slit, I shivered in
anticipation. Just as I thought He was going to at least brush my hardened clit,
I felt Him turn His fingers till I felt the backs of His knuckles moving against
me. Then in one sudden pull He grabbed the crotch of the damp panties and ripped
them away.


The tug was so full of force and came as such a shock I gasped and then before I
could react He had me against the wall and two of His fingers deep inside me.
With His other hand He held me against the wall, I whimpered aloud as He moved
His hand to the left breast and I felt those fingers find and close around my
nipple thru the blouse and bra.


"My little slut seems to be wet for her Master, doesn't she?"


"Yes, Sir." I answered in a gasping breath.


"You are My little whore aren't you?"


"Yes, Sir, I am Your little whore!" I managed, weak kneed and breathless as His
fingers moved in and out rapidly and roughly.  I gasped again as I felt Him pull
them out fast and He brought them to my face and ordered me to clean them. I
opened my mouth and sucked them clean as He shoved them in and out just He had
just been doing to my pussy.


Once He was satisfied that they were clean, He brought His hand down to join the
other and squeezed both my breasts before grabbing the center of the blouse
where the buttons held it closed. A strong yank and the buttons went flying thru
the room. There I stood breathing hard, my panties ripped away, my blouse
hanging open, the skirt, short and worn and my satin bra and all I could think
about was how Master's wet little whore wanted Him more than ever.


Sir's hand slid upward and slightly closed around my neck, I felt the pressure
of His squeeze, not enough to cut off the airway, but enough to feel a good
amount of pressure. With His tightened hand He pulled me along by my throat to
the bed and as we neared its edge He turned me and then pushed me back onto the
top of the made up bed.


I laid there wide eyed and breathless as He reached in to the bag that He
carried that was right at His feet and pulled from it a long piece of rope. It
wasn't but a few seconds before He straddled my body and had my hands bound and
pulled over my head and tied to the headboard.


He sat back slightly and looked down into my eyes, He scooted backwards and I
felt His hands roughly begin to explore, leaving little tingling trails
everywhere He touched. He moved away for a second and reached back into the bag
where He had gotten the rope from and had another two sections of rope. My legs
were spread and the ankles tied, exposing my bare pussy under the skirt.


He stood and looked at me, He smiled at His handiwork and my obvious excitement.
I was after all His little whore. That stare of His said so many things to me,
and it made me want to squirm, I wanted to feel His every touch.


I watched in silence as He began to undress a bit, removing His shoes and shirt,
but leaving on His trousers. I wanted so much to watch Him remove them and see
His hard cock; I closed my eyes and moaned softly at the thought of it sliding
deep into my throat.


"Open those eyes! I don't want you to miss a single thing!" He ordered in a
booming voice.


I opened my eyes and shivered at His tone. I could feel the wetness between my
legs grow, but I wasn't ashamed of it. I wanted Him and I love letting Him know
just how much I do and what better way to let Him know then giving to Him a wet
waiting pussy?


He leaned over again and was rummaging around in the bag, He stood and I saw the
cold metal shine and flash in the remaining light of the room. My breath caught
and my heart pounded as He neared with a large knife in His hands. I began to
struggle a bit, I trusted Him with anything, but this was something new.


He grinned as He saw my eyes widen and He began shhhhing to calm me, telling me
to relax. My breath was coming out in gasps and He could see how scared and
nervous I was, He laid the knife aside for a minute and held each side of my
face in His hands, He calmed me and kissed me. He told me everything would be
ok, I began to relax as His soothing voice comforted me. I watched His eyes,
which never left mine; I never knew He had picked it back up, not till I felt
the hard cold steel lightly crisscrossing across my chest at the tops of my
breasts.


I shivered as He moved the steel back and forth with such a light touch, my eyes
locked to His, the intensity behind them shining almost as much as the steel had
when it flashed in the dim room before He began. I found that peace within His
eyes that kept me feeling safe and yet so erotically aroused. I didn't dare move
even though everything within me wanted to squirm and scream in the sensations
He was creating for me.



I felt the point of the blade circle each nipple through the smooth satin of my
bra; the edge of the blade sliding ever so seductively between my breasts as He
slid it under the band; that exquisite tug as He lifted the front with the
blade, pulling the bra away from my skin; and then that one last hard tug that
cut the bra from my body. I laid there, totally helpless in the binding at my
wrists and ankles and His weight slightly over my mid section, but not so
totally helpless that I didn't notice the increased dampness dripping from the
pussy He owns and controls between my legs.



He was in constant movement with His hands and that knife. He used His left hand
to move my skirt upward around my waist and His right hand held the knife,
moving it over me interchanging the sensations from the tip to the edge as He
glided it back and forth; over my arms, my breasts, my stomach, down my legs and
then barely and ever so gently thru the center of my dripping slit and to my
clit. I felt the flat side of the knife laid against my clit, the weight was
glorious as was the coolness of the blade. My clit throbbed against the hard
steel, I watched His eyes dance with playfulness as He lifted the blade just a
bit and then let it smack gently against my clit over and over. I wanted to cum,
I wanted to scream, I began to plead for the release my body ached for.



"Oh, my little slut wants to cum does she?"


"Ye...ye....yes....Sir---pleeeeeaaaaaaseeee!" I begged Him.
"Pleeeeeeaaaaaaaaaseeeeeeeee!" My back arched as much as the restraints and His
weight would allow.


"Lay STILL!" He commanded, and then I felt just the very tip of the blade
against the very tip of my clit, a small gentle flick and He said, "Yes, CUM!
Cum for Me you little slut! Cum for your Master, Cum for ME NOW!" In that
instant the knife was gone, His weight was lifted and two of His thick fingers
thrust deeply inside of me as I came for Him, I came for my Master, as He had
demanded.



My eyes were closed, and when my body had settled back against the bed once
again, I opened them and looked into His. He was watching me, smiling. I felt
His kisses and heard His whispered praise in my ear, telling me how proud He was
of me, how much He loved me and how much I pleased Him. I felt a small tear fall
from my eye that He gently kissed away. My restraints were still holding me
tight. I thought now I would be released and He would hold me close, but I was
wrong, Master wasn't quite done with me yet. How was I to know that I was going
to be tied in one manner or another for the entire weekend?

I had just came very hard for Him, I knew I was going to be experiencing new
things this weekend, but what I didn't know was that He had so meticulously
planned out each and every detail.


My wrists and ankles were still bound, and it confused me somewhat.  He always
lets me loose as soon as a scene is over. Why was it different this time? I
watched as He stood and moved away from the bed. He bent down, picked up the toy
bag He had brought with Him, and  He moved to the flat surface of the dresser in
the room. He began to unload each toy and laid them in a nice neat row. The last
item I saw  in His hand was a black satin blindfold, He turned with it, still
holding it and smiled that evil grin that always got me squirming, I started to
say something when we heard voices outside the hotel door.  They were talking,
or rather arguing just outside our room, Sir placed a finger against His lips
and warned me to shhhhhhhhh, as He placed the blindfold over my eyes.


"I want you to be a good girl now. I need to go out for a few minutes and get
some dinner. You'll be a good girl for me won't you? I don't need to gag you do
I?" He whispered in my ear as the couple outside our room continued to argue
over where to go for their own dinner.


"No Sir, You don't need to gag me, I'll behave, I promise." But inside I could
feel the panic rising as the knowledge sank into my head and heart that I would
be left, bound and blindfolded until His return.


"Good Girl. I knew I could trust you." He said as He kissed me softly on the
cheek.


I heard the quiet small movements of Him moving around to collect His shoes and
shirt. I knew He was dressing to go out. I bit my bottom lip to keep it from
quivering with emotion and then I took a deep breath and asked Him in a hushed
whisper how long He would be. Not long He assured me, but He reminded me again
to be very quiet and patient for Him, that I would be rewarded later. I nodded
my head in agreement, fighting back the tears and panic I felt. There was one
last kiss, then I heard the door open, and close and the key turned as He locked
the door, leaving me exposed, bound and blindfolded.


I tried to console myself that He would be as quickly as He possibly could. But
as the minutes clicked away they began to feel like hours. Tears slowly seeped
from under the blindfold. I tried hard not to think of the time, but then I
tried to figure a way to gauge it so it would stop overwhelming me. I
concentrated hard and heard the faint ticking of the clock I had sat on the
nearby vanity. I began to attempt to keep track of the ticking to calculate the
minutes.


I have no idea how long I was able to keep count of the faint ticking, which
first grew to an exaggerated sound and then lolled me into closing my eyes. I
must have fallen asleep for the next thing I heard was the key I had awaited to
hear turn in the door, and Master stepped in. I could smell the food He carried
and was suddenly wide-awake and hungry.


He moved about quietly only making small sounds of Him dragging the table closer
to the bed and setting out the food. I felt His hand against my arm and He told
me how proud He was that I had been such a good girl for Him and stayed quiet.
Then He told me to open my mouth. When I did as I was told I tasted the buttery
potato He had brought in for dinner. We sat there, with my hands and ankles
bound, and He fed me each bite of my dinner. I had never tasted steak so good
before.


Once I had enough to eat I felt a napkin wiping my lips off and I was able to
have the rest of the cold iced tea He had gotten for me. I felt a tug on my
hands as He untied them and then my ankles. He quickly picked me up and carried
me thru the room.


I heard the low hum of the light in the bathroom. He stood me up and told me I
had a few minutes to go pee and clean up before He would return for me and take
me back to the bed. I was told to strip from the remainder of my clothing and
wash up, He said I could remove the blindfold long enough to complete His
instructions and then put it back on. I did as I was told as quickly as I could;
I had to squint my eyes against the bright light when I took off the blindfold.
I went to the bathroom, ran the warm water in the sink, cleaned off all traces
of make-up, and cleaned up as instructed. I took one last look and sighed as I
replaced the blindfold and knocked on the door to let Him know I was finished.


He opened the door and I felt Him pick me back up in His arms and carry me to
bed. But before I was placed on the bed He stood me up and went about fashioning
a crotch rope on me, pulling it tight against my clit in front and it laid all
nestled and tightly between the cheeks of my ass. I whimpered as He tugged on it
to test it for any slack. This time when I was placed on the bed He rolled me
over and again I was tied in the same way, my wrists to the headboard and my
ankles to each side of the bed. I was spread wide and the rope pulled hard and
rubbed my clit with each movement I made.


Once I was secured and in place I felt Sir's hands firmly caressing and teasing.
I moaned softly against the pillow, I wanted badly to squirm but knew if I did I
would cause myself to cum too soon. So I struggled to remain still. Minutes went
by as He worked my body, kneading and caressing, then squeezing the cheeks of my
ass hard, forcing me to squirm and the rope to rub, I knew I was wet and the
wetness was growing with each tantalizing tease of His hands.


Just as I finally surrendered that one hard squirming movement from Him
squeezing my ass cheeks hard, I then felt the feathery light strokes of His
flogger gently playing just above the surface of my skin. It tickled and made me
squirm more. I heard Him chuckle as He called me His little squirming whore. I
moaned aloud at the slight humiliation and then felt that first strike that made
me jump, but beg and plead for more.



With each stroke and strike of Master's flogger I felt my skin glowing pinker
and pinker. It grew to nice warmth that had me right on the edge, I was
breathing hard again and it was beginning to sting, but I still begged for more.
I wanted so badly to cum but He knew this and slowed His pace. He was going to
keep me on that edge for a bit longer. Finally I was settling down and regained
control of my desire to cum. He slowed even more, till the strikes were few and
far between, He was back to stroking it across my body.


The rope was biting into my clit more as I squirmed and wiggled, His hands
returned again to the kneading and teasing as He started this scene. I couldn't
control my thoughts, I knew He hadn't cum yet and all I could think of was both
of us cumming together, of His hard cock and wanting so much to feel it slide
over my lips and deep into my throat. I began to plead for Him, to taste Him, to
suck Him. He laughed and called me His horny little slut, His little cum slut.
God how I wanted nothing more!


I felt His hands leave me and I struggled with the blindfold, I wanted it off, I
was already nearing that fight or flight stage, where I become that wanton slut
He so desires. I felt a tug on the rope as He pulled it from between the cheeks
of my ass, it tightened against my clit even more, I felt something hard and
cold slide effortlessly into my dripping slit, I wasn't sure what it was. The
rope fell over it and the tight feeling over my clit eased. I wiggled and begged
to know what it was. I got no answer. His hands were on me again, touching,
caressing, kneading, and spanking here and there. I wiggled against the rope and
felt the foreign object inside my pussy slightly move. He reached under me and
felt all around my pussy and even flicked a finger across my clit. The pressure
He used as He teased went unnoticed; I didn't even feel the pads being applied
to just above my clit and just under my pussy, between it and my ass.


I felt the bed give as He rose to stand, I felt something long and smooth
gliding across my ass, I knew it was the cane. My gift was finally going to be
used; my fantasy was finally going to be realized. I moaned into the pillow, and
whispered a husky but hushed, "yessssssss".


Just as my one word of consent was spoken, I felt a slight jolt from inside my
body and from the pads that He had so artfully placed around my pussy. It made
the muscles contract just slightly, just enough to create the sensation of being
fucked by a luscious invisible intruder. Every few seconds I felt it pulse, and
the wetness grew as I neared that point of no return.



The cane was still sliding back and forth then He raised it just slightly and
flicked His wrist. Oh, the wonderful light sting along with the low grade
pulsing tens unit was wonderfully delicious. I wanted more; I wanted Him to take
what belonged to only Him, my submission, and my sweet surrender to His desires.


Again and again I felt the cane raise just a few inches above me and His hand
flicked it over my ass, and between my legs on the insides of my thighs. The
pulsing tens unit kept its steady pace, I felt that glorious warmth spread thru
me as I exploded with ecstasy and I took off in flight into that magical world
He gives to me so graciously. I heard Him whispering in my ear to fly for Him,
fly off into dreamland, I could still feel the electrodes, although they had
been removed, as had the rope that I rode into bliss on. The ties were gone as
He scooped me up into His arms and held me close. My head laid upon His chest as
I flew higher and higher and holding Him tighter than ever before. My Master, I
was laying within His capable hands.


Minutes later as I was still flying I moved instinctively down His body. The
blindfold was gone and I could see He was now naked with me. His hard cock stood
proudly and awaited the warmth I could give Him with my body. I opened my mouth
to taste Him, His precum coating the head and dripping. I moved so I could take
Him into my mouth, He didn't stop me, He knew I needed this; He knew how it
would make me soar for Him even higher.


I flicked my tongue all along the shaft of Master's cock, licking up the precum
that dripped down the sides. I wrapped my small hand around Him as my tongue
reached His balls and I delicately licked and sucked first one then the other. I
heard Him moan His pleasure as His hands came up to hold my head. I licked all
the way back up the shaft, flicking my tongue and making His cock rigid, I knew
He was aching to fill my mouth. I parted my lips just a bit; I wanted to feel
Him glide across them as I took Him deeper.



I was only about half-way down the shaft when I relaxed my throat and Master
with His hands on my head pushed me down the rest of the way, I felt His cock
filling my mouth and throat with His bulk. I was struggling just a bit with His
size; He turned me so He could fuck my face the way I love. In and out over my
tightened lips He fucked. It didn't take long before I felt His cock jerk and
pulse, to my surprise and slight disappointment Master pulled from my mouth and
instead of filling my mouth with His warm cum I felt it splash against my face
and breasts. I instantly brought up my now free hands to play in it and bring
the cum to my mouth to taste.


I laid back against the pillows, flying and covered with His cum, playing
quietly with it and tasting it from my fingertips. Sir got up, got me a
washcloth, and proceeded to clean me up. I barely noticed Him washing me off, I
was in my own little world, but I could tell I was beginning to float back to
Him. He smiled at me, grabbed my left leg, and pulled it towards Him, causing me
to spread once again. He had removed the crotch rope and I felt that glorious
rubbed feeling still lingering as the lips of my pussy parted for Him. His
fingers brushed up and down the wet pussy and I squirmed to try to work His
fingers inside. He pulled away abruptly; He placed the end of the cane against
the bed, and held the implement tight against my slit. He looked right into my
eyes and ordered in a stern voice, "Ride it! Ride that cane for Me slut! Slide
that wet whore pussy up and down that cane and cum for Me!"


I began to hump the cane, sliding my wet pussy against it going up and down. He
lifted a few times to strike it against the insides of my thighs, against my
pussy very lightly and then my hard throbbing clit. I came hard several times
and went flying higher for Master. Once I was flying really high He laid the
cane aside and pulled me to Him, whispering all His little words of praise and
kissing me gently. Once again I was safe and being held within Master's capable
hands.



Written by: Precious




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Precious


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





