BDSM Library - Mom's Big Boy




Mom's Big Boy
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Beautiful young wife and mother is unable to resist the attraction of a huge dick--not even when it belongs to her teen son.
       Send comments to bigone@maileditor.com
      
       MOM'S BIG BOY
      
       Harry Kuntz
      
       I
      
       It was 3:00 in the afternoon and Vicki Fallbright had been out at the
pool in her back yard for a couple of hours, sipping iced coffee, swimming a
bit, reading the kind of sexy novel she liked, and catching a little sun.  After
a couple of hours the iced coffee had caught up with her, and she got up to go
into the house and relieve her bladder.
      
       The back yard in Vicki's house was quite secluded, so she had been able
to wear her very briefest bikini.  Vicki was a modest, churchgoing woman, and
she would never have worn such a thing where anyone could see her.  But if there
had been anyone to see her as she strolled back to the house in her bare feet,
he would have been impressed, no matter who he was.  In a word, Vicki was a
babe.
      
       Yes, she was 34 years old and the mother of 15-year-old twins.  But her
figure was as firm and her skin as soft and smooth as Connie's, her daughter. 
Indeed, just the previous week, Vicki had been asked to show ID when she ordered
wine at a restaurant upstate.  She was not only youthful looking, she was
beautiful.  Her gleaming, jet black page-boy haircut framed a face that was
cute, pretty, classical, and dignified, all at once.  Her exotic, almond-shaped
eyes were dark, and her cheeks were so soft and smooth, you could not look at
them without wanting to stroke and nuzzle them.
      
       Her figure was perfect, too.  Her tits were only a little larger than
average, but they were beautifully round, with perfect nipples, pink and jutting
out in perfect tiny cylinders. If she took her bikini top off, her breasts
wouldn't sag a fraction of an inch.  Even when she lay on her back, they were
almost as large as when they hung down from her chest when she was on all fours.
      
       She had a tiny waist, a perfectly flat tummy, and from there south it was
perfect heaven!  Her legs were long, soft, and slim.  At their top, her bikini
defined the cutest, most perfectly rounded little ass cheeks in the world.  In
front, her generous endowment of rich, black, pubic fleece overflowed at the top
and to the sides of the bikini triangle.  She was a woman of good sense and
would never have dreamed of shaving or trimming her heavenly pubic delta..
      
       She figured that for all practical purposes she had the house to herself,
so she didn't bother putting on her robe.  Her husband, Don, had left that
morning on a business trip.  He'd be at a convention for the next five days. 
Don, at 50, was considerably older than Vicki.  She loved him profoundly, for
his intelligence, his hard work that had made the family well off, his
gentleness as a father, and his tenderness and complete dedication to her.  She
knew that the one thing missing in their marriage was a successful sexual
relationship.  She told herself that she just wasn't sexually responsive, though
deep down she knew that it wasn't really true.  She had hardly seen any other
men nude, but she figured Don's sub-four-inch penis must be below average.  When
it was as hard as it got--which wasn't very hard, and wasn't very often--it was
hardly larger than her thumb.
      
       Though she had sometimes been tempted by the sexual attractions of other
men, she had succumbed only once.  That had been only a few months after her
marriage, when she was only 18, and she had almost put it out of her memory. 
After that, she had pulled herself together.  She had been brought up to be a
virtuous woman, she loved her husband, and she would stay faithful.  Since that
one lapse, she had kept her vow.  Her husband had never given her an orgasm, but
she had learned to do it herself with her fingers.  Now she figured she'd go
upstairs and urinate, wash her hands and face, and spend the rest of the
afternoon in a self-induced sexual rhapsody.
      
       Vicki's daughter Connie had gone on a camping trip with a couple of her
friends and wouldn't be back until tomorrow.  Her son Stevie was home, but he
had been out all night and hadn't gotten home until 11:00 that morning.  He had
eaten some eggs and bacon and then gone straight up to bed.  He wouldn't be up
for another couple of hours at least.
      
       Vicki wondered what her son did when he stayed out so late, as he had
done the night before.  This wasn't by any means the first time since summer
vacation started that he had been out all night.  She was almost afraid to ask
him where he had been, and if she did, he gave her evasive answers.  She had
heard he had become quite a lady's man.  Vicki's younger sister Bonnie, not
quite the knockout Vicki was but still a beautiful woman at 28, said that the
word around town about Vicki and Stevie was that the most beautiful woman in the
county had given birth to the hottest stud in the state.  Vicki didn't like
hearing talk like that, though she was used to it from Bonnie, who led a much
racier life than she did.  But she wondered whether Bonnie was right this time. 
Could Stevie, her baby, really be sleeping with girls?  Was that what he was
doing when he was out all these nights?
      
       Vicki entered the house and walked up the carpeted stairs, making no
sound in her bare feet.  As she expected, Stevie's bedroom door was closed.  But
as she entered the bathroom down the hall, she had a surprise.  Stevie wasn't
asleep at all, he was standing in the shower, staring idly out the window and
lost in contemplation.  He had left the door open to let the steam from the
shower out, had finished his shower and dried off all but his lower legs, when
he had apparently lost himself in thought.  The bathtowel hung down from his
left hand, against the wall furthest from the entrance to the bathroom. 
      
       The bathtub was large and elevated, and large enough that it did not need
a curtain.  As Vicki stood in the doorway, frozen momentarily in surprise, she
had a perfect side view of her 15-year-old son, who had no idea she was there.
      
       Of course, Vicki had seen Stevie in a bathing suit many times, but she
had not realized until this moment how he had grown up.  He was developed way
beyond his age, and had the body of a 20-year old.  Or, rather, a body that just
about any 20-year old in the country would sell his soul for.  His neat,
short-cut blond hair crowned a handsome face that had an angelic beauty but was
also ruggedly male.  His chest was broad and coated with a soft layer of manly
blond curls.  His arms and chest were muscular but not muscle-bound, and his
chest tapered into a flat torso that seemed to go on forever. 
      
       His mother was deeply enough affected by the beauty of her son's upper
body, but inevitably her eyes were drawn lower.  She had always liked to look at
a beautifully shaped butt on a man when she was at the beach, and she had never
seen a more beautiful pair of masculine buns than her son's, frosted with downy
blonde gossamer.  But she hardly had time to notice the rear end that all by
itself would have given her fodder for a month's worth of masturbating.  Because
she was immediately transfixed by the root of her son's manhood, a penis the
sight of which nearly took her breath away.




       II
      
       Her mind was immediately carried back to that summer's day, more than 16
years ago, when she had to call for a repairman to fix her air conditioning. 
She was 18, and her husband was already 35 and pudgy.  She had been a virgin
when they married, and although Don was the only man she had slept with, she
knew instinctively that something was missing. The repairman, dressed in shorts
and a tight T-shirt on a hot day, was athletically built, handsome, and had a
big bulge in his shorts that she couldn't help noticing.
      
       She hovered over him while he worked, took every opportunity to graze
against his tight athlete's body when she could seem to be doing it casually or
accidentally.  When he was finished with his work, she offered him a cold drink. 
The repairman, who made much more money in tips from frustrated housewives than
he got from the air conditioning company, knew almost from the moment he walked
into the house that he would be fucking her.  As she put down the tray, instead
of picking up a glass he put his arms around her and gave her a passionate kiss. 
The nearness of his strong body, his manly smell, and his tongue pushing firmly
into her hot mouth nearly drove Vicki insane.  But when she felt his hand
pressed against her vagina, it brought her back to reality and she pushed him
away.
      
       "No," she said, "I'm a newlywed and I love my husband.  I'm sorry, I lost
my head, but you must leave."
      
       The repairman knew how thin was the resistance she was putting up.
      
       "I think you really want me," he said.  "Look, I won't touch you.  Just
look at me up close for a few minutes, and if you can still ask me to leave,
I'll walk out without another word."
      
       "All right," she said, wanting him to stay but determined to be firm.
      
       He made her sit down, and standing immediately in front of her, he
removed his short pants.  He had on underneath a pair of jockey shorts, several
sizes too large so that the pouch would accommodate him.  She could see that he
was much larger than her husband.  But as he slowly lowered the white cotton
band of his underwear, she could hardly believe her eyes.  Her husband's excuse
for a hard-on was the thickness of her thumb.  The repairman's semi-hard penis
was as thick as her wrist.  And as he slowly pulled the undershorts down, she
kept expecting the shaft to end, but it went on and on.  Finally, he got to the
head.  It was enormous.  Then she noticed his testicles.  Her husband's balls
were smaller than marbles and contained in a tiny, smooth sac.  The repairman's
testicles were the size of golf balls, and hung low in a marvelously fuzzy sac. 
The musky, manly odor of his sweaty crotch was almost overpowering, and she was
overwhelmed by the sight of his manhood.
      
       "Should I leave?" he said, finally.
      
       Vicki's heart almost broke.  She knew it was sinful to God and a betrayal
of the husband she loved.  But she had no control of herself.  Electricity was
racing from her cunt to every extremity of her body.  For the first time in her
life she felt the full force of what it was for a woman to need a man.
      
       "No, stay," she said, though the words were barely audible.  "I need
you."
      
       "You need me for what?" he said, determined to make his dominance of her
completely clear.
      
       "I need your penis," she said.  "I need you to fuck me."
      
       And as she said these words, she shyly reached out and put her palm
around the shaft of his cock.  She could barely get her fingers around it.  She
stroked it gently up and down.  In less than a minute it had hardened and grown
to its proud, full extent.  It was, as she discovered later that day when she
used a tape measure, exactly eleven inches from base to tip. Her thumb and
fingertips, which had been barely touching when she first wrapped her hand
around his dick, were now separated by an inch.
      
       She began to move her mouth toward his crotch, but he pulled away. 
      
       "Beg," he said, "if you want a taste of my meat."
      
       "Oh, God," she said, "I am begging.  I'm pleading.  I need you.  I need
your cock."
      
       He smirked.  "What's wrong with your husband's cock?"
      
       She blushed.  Did he have to humiliate her?  "Please," she begged, "don't
make me say that."
      
       "If you want my meat, say it," he insisted.  "Isn't your husband man
enough for you?"
      
       She gave in.  "No," she moaned, tears falling from her beautiful eyes. 
"I need a real man.  I need you."
      
       "Then you'll have to earn it," he said, turning around and bending over
slightly so that his butt was only inches from her face.  "First, clean out my
asshole with your tongue."
      
       She looked with fascination at his hairy butt, and the deep, dark crevice
bridged with a forest of tiny hairs.  A strong smell of shit, sweat, and manhood
arose from the place where he wanted her to put her wet tongue.
      
       "I can't do that," she pleaded.  "I've never done anything like that."
      
       "Well, you better start doing it, and right now, or I'm out of here."
      
       She had no choice.  She leaned forward and pressed her pretty face into
the crack that separated his ass buns.  The smell was overpowering, and it took
all her will power to bring her pink little tongue out of her mouth, and press
it into the crack.
      
       "Come on," he said, "give me a good, wet tongue-wash."
      
       She moistened her tongue and began to move it up and down along his ass
crack.  The bitter tasting grease around his asshole coated her tongue, but it
wasn't nearly as unpleasant as she feared it would be.  It was surprisingly
exciting to be rubbing her tongue up and down his crack, feeling the rubbery
surface and the tight crinkles leading into his anus.
      
       "Push it in," he said.  "Deep!"
      
       She thought she would die, but she did as he said.  She put the tip of
her tongue against the tiny opening of his asshole, and pushed into the
tightness, slowly, until her tongue was in all the way.  She felt the tight
warmth of his rectal walls.  He moaned with satisfaction as her tongue caressed
his prostate.  She had a moment's revulsion when, as she pushed her tongue in to
the limit, she felt it graze against a turd.  But he demanded that she wiggle
her tongue around, and she couldn't avoid playing turd hockey, until he finally
pulled away.
      
       Vicki did not want to admit to herself that she had enjoyed the
compulsory asslicking, but the electricity radiating from her crotch was
stronger than ever.  She needed his penis so urgently!
      
       "Now take it nice and slowly," he cautioned, guiding her face forward
with his hands.
      
       She pressed forward, and touched his shaft with her tongue.  Then slowly,
she began licking his cock, like a huge lollypop, from base to tip and back. 
She moistened every bit of the surface of his hard erection.  Then she moved
down to his big testicles, worshiping the very source of his potent manhood, and
enjoying the bristly sensation from the fuzz coating his man-sac.
      
       Then she went back to laving the staff with her tongue, and finally she
moved up to the head and put her lips around it.  She was able to get the
enormous head and a few additional inches into her mouth.  When she felt the
head against the back of her throat, it set her off and her vagina exploded in
orgasm.  In the excitement of the moment she pulled him to her and pressed her
mouth down as far as it could go around his cock.  Still, more than half of it
remained exposed, and she used her hands to stroke those inches.
      
       Gently placing his hands against her pretty jaw and cheeks, he guided her
face back and forth on his huge shaft.  She kept the movement going, and figured
out how to use her tongue against the underside to give him more sensation. 
Finally, she felt him get even harder than before, and then his might weapon
started bucking wildly.  She struggled to keep it in her mouth and was rewarded
with a bullet of sperm spitting into the back of her throat, followed by
another, and another, and another.  She wasn't expecting so much cum joice; her
husband had never produced more than a few drops.  The thrill of the searing
sperm hitting the back of her throat touched off another orgasm in her, stronger
than the first.  But she was more aroused than ever.
      
       "Fuck me, fuck me," she pleaded.  "If you want me to beg for that, I'll
beg.  If you want me on my knees, I'll do that too.  I need your huge cock in my
cunt.  I need you to stuff me.  I need a real man.  My husband can't give me
what I need, because he's got a little boy's cock.  You've got a man's
equipment, and I'm begging you to give it to me."
      
       "Well, if you want me to fuck you, little lady, it's going to take more
than begging.  You have to understand, I've got a family to support, and I don't
make enough to keep them as they want to be kept on just air conditioning
repairs.  This manly equipment you're admiring is my stock in trade, and I can't
give it away."
      
       It took a moment for Vicki to fully comprehend what he was saying.  Here
she was, generally acknowledged to be the most beautiful girl in the county. 
She had betrayed her religious convictions and her husband by succumbing to the
temptation of this ruffian's sexual attraction.  She had put her pretty tongue
deep into his asshole and tasted his shit.  And now, he was saying, if she
wanted him to lead her into sin, she was going to have to pay him for it.  Could
he possibly imagine that she would sink so low?   Could he think his big penis
was so irresistible?  Yes, he could.  She needed that big penis, no matter what
demands he made.
      
       Trembling, and again with tears streaming from her eyes, she said, "How
much do I have to pay you for fucking me?"
      
       "Well, I'm glad to see you are being reasonable," he said.  "And I'll be
reasonable in return.  I'll spend the rest of the day here until it's time for
hubby with the little-boy dick to come home, and I'll fuck you to kingdom come,
for an especially low rate.  Let's say an even thousand dollars."
      
       Vicki's jaw dropped, leaving her mouth almost as wide open as when his
hard dick had been jammed into it.  A thousand dollars!  Don, who trusted her
completely, had put all of his money into her name, and there was a bank account
with some cash in it.  But at that time he was putting most of his earnings back
into his business, and they had only saved a little over two thousand for a
rainy day.  Could she take almost half of their hard-earned savings and pay it
to a stranger for the service of fucking her?
      
       The repairman was watching her, smiling at the horrified look on her face
when he had mentioned the amount he was demanding.  He was slowly, idly,
stroking his cock, which was beginning to harden up again.  At the sight of that
giant, Vicki gave in.
      
       "All right," she said sadly, and went to the desk to write a check.
      
       "Just make it out to cash, for an even thousand."
      
       She handed him the check, and he saw that there were two tears that had
fallen on it.  He smiled, folded the check, put the check in his wallet, and
turned to her.  He took her again in her arms, and gave her another deep,
passionate kiss.  As she tasted his mouth and felt her tongue penetrating hers,
she forgot all the humiliation.  She was on fire again.
      
       The repairman picked her up and carried her up the stairs and into the
main bedroom.  He quickly had her clothes removed and admired her perfect body. 
Then he removed the only clothes he was still wearing--his t-shirt and his shoes
and socks--and lay down beside her.  Yes, she thought, he lay down beside her,
naked, on her husband's bed!
      
       He kissed her again, and while they kissed they felt each other's bodies
with their hands.  Then he kissed and licked every part of her beautiful face,
and thanked the stars for endowing him with the equipment that would make
beautiful women need him so much.  He licked her ears, giving her a sensation
she had never known, and moved down to her pretty neck and then her shoulders. 
He spent plenty of time licking her armpits, and she was amazed that he knew so
many parts of her body that could feed the electric generator in her crotch that
had been exciting her ever since he had entered the house.
      
       Then he moved onto her breasts.  Her husband had never excited her by
licking her face, her ears, or her armpits.  He had, of course, spent plenty of
time stroking and kissing her breasts.  But never like the repairman was doing. 
He knew just how to tweak and nibble on her nipples to build her excitement, and
while he had her left nipple in his mouth and her right nipple in his fingers,
she had her third orgasm of the morning.  That was three more than her husband
had ever given her, and the repairman still hadn't started working on her pussy.
      
       But now his mouth was moving down her torso.  His tongue teased her navel
and moved on, until his chin grazed against the upper edge of her lush pubic
triangle.  He then made a feast of her bush, burying his face and fingers in the
luxurious growth of jet black curls.  Her vagina was soaking with woman-juice,
which coated his cheeks as he played with her thick pubes.
      
       "Don't ever touch a hair of this fur," he said.  "It's one of the most
beautiful cunts I've ever seen, and believe me, I've seen thousands of them."
      
       "I thought men liked them shaved, or trimmed," she said.
      
       "Not real men," he said.  "Gay boys, and guys who think they are hot shit
but are actually scared of a real woman.  I've never known a stud who is capable
of servicing a woman who could stomach anything other than a natural fleece on a
cunt."
      
       He went on licking her, penetrating her vulva with his tongue and
swallowing the plentiful juices that had been flowing since their first kiss.
      
       "You taste delicious," he said, and then inserted two fingers and began
working on her g-spot, while his tongue went to work on her clit.  He was even
more masterful at licking her vagina than at taking care of her breasts, and in
half an hour of work, he brought her to three more orgasms.
      
       After the third, he moved back up the bed, lay on top of her, and put his
face right in front of hers.  She could feel his enormous hardness, pressed
against her belly.  She wanted him inside her.
      
       "Fuck me, now!" she cried.
      
       "First, clean my face with your tongue."
      
       His face was smeared with her own cum juice.  She gladly licked off every
bit of it, and wondered at the strong, bitter-salt taste of her own womanhood.
      
       "Now, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she moaned.
      
       He looked down at her.  She was incredibly beautiful.  He hadn't been
boasting when he said he had fucked thousands of women.  And there had been
plenty of real beauties, including movie stars, starlets, and internationally
known supermodels.  But this 18-year old had a face and a body that would match
any of them.  And she was so innocent.  And she was so completely under the
thrall of his potency.  That was as much of a turn on for him as the sex itself.
      
       Thinking these thoughts made his penis as hard as it had ever been, and
he placed it against Vicki's hair-covered pussy lips.  He moved his hips forward
and her soft black jungle separated for his mighty oak.  On the first thrust, he
went in about five inches.  Vicki let out a yelp of pleasure.  He had already
penetrated to a depth where she was a virgin, and his thickness was spreading
the walls of her vagina, exposing nerve endings she never knew she had.  She had
another orgasm.
      
       He held still while her vaginal muscles clutched again and again against
the upper part of his penis.  When her orgasm subsided he withdrew a couple of
inches and then thrust again, and again, and again, until she felt that all of
that gigantic manhood was inside her.  She was in ecstasy.  She came yet again,
the hardest she had ever come in her life.
      
       "Oh, fuck me, fuck me hard.  I can't believe what a man you are."
      
       And so she moaned, continuously, sometimes not even coherently, as he
began to move his giant hardness in and out, slowly at first but in a gradually
accelerating rhythm.  Again and again she came, until she lost count of the
number of times.  After a while, they shifted positions, as they lay on their
sides and he entered her vagina from behind.  They did it in increasingly
inventive positions, and then he put her on all fours and entered her from
behind, doggy style.

       "Oh, sweet Jesus," she moaned, "I didn't think you could go deeper, but
you are."
      
       The sensations in this position were the most sensuous of all to him. 
And the sight of her beautiful, tight ass, her lovely back, her beautiful black
hair, her perfect breasts hanging down, and, above all, his own tremendous penis
penetrating that lush, black, pubic forest, were too much for him.  They had
been fucking for an hour, and now his climax was on him.  Even harder than when
it was in her mouth, she felt that enormous bar of steel bucking and pitching
with tremendous violence.  Then, moments later, she felt the scalding bullets of
sperm as they smashed against the bottom of her vagina with immense power.  This
set her off on yet another orgasm, more fierce than she could have imagined. 
Then they were spent, and they fell forward on the bed. 
      
       Even as it softened, she could still feel his penis huge in her vagina. 
When it finally popped out, she could feel the large quantity of his sperm juice
coming out with it.  There must have been tablespoonfuls.
      
       "Oh, God," she said.  "Your sperm is all over my husband's side of the
bed."
      
       "Good," the repairman said.  "What he doesn't know won't hurt him."
      
       Vicki began to feel shame again.  How could she listen to someone talking
about her beloved husband that way?  But she was so sexually aroused, she
couldn't keep her mind on that.  She marveled at how the repairman could come so
hard, so soon after he had come in her mouth.  She thought of her husband and
realized it was a rare week in which Don could come twice.
      
       "Oh, I wish we could go on doing this all day," she said.
      
       "And why can't we?" he replied.
      
       "Well, surely after all that, you aren't going to be able to get hard for
days."
      
       He laughed.  "Don't think everyone's like your fancy-ass husband.  Today,
you're being fucked by a man."
      
       And he took her hand and brought it down to his crotch.  To her
amazement, although it was less than ten minutes after that incredible orgasm,
he was erect again, as hard as ever.  Then he saw a look in her eyes that he had
seen in thousands of woman's eyes, and that he would never tire of.  The look of
complete adoration.  And he earned that look.  They fucked again, and again, and
again, through the afternoon.  As best she could remember 16 years later, the
repairman had six more orgasms.  She had already lost count of her own, but she
was pretty sure that throughout the day, she must have had a hundred.
      
       He left ten minutes before her husband arrived home from work.  He was
pretty sure he had found a regular customer for his services.  But Vicki had
prayed that night, and resolved that she would never cheat again on her husband. 
The repairman called a few days later, and the mere sound of his voice on the
phone sent tremors through her vagina and out to every part of her body.  She
wanted him more than she had ever wanted anything in her life.  But she held
firm, and refused to see him again.
      
       It was the next year that she had her twins, Connie and Stevie.  She had
never let herself think consciously that their birthday was only a few days more
than exactly nine months after that day with the repairman.  She simply could
not and had never allowed herself to entertain the thought that anyone but her
beloved Don could have planted the seed of her wonderful twins inside her.  But
now, fifteen years after their birth, as she looked at her son's manhood, she
realized that the repairman had to be his father.  And she had never even known
his name!




       III
      
       All those recollections flashed through Vicki's mind in an instant.  But
the physical reality in front of her quickly brought her back to the present.
      
       A splendid, fluffy aura of golden brown pubic hair crowned the mammoth
penis that hung softly and heavily halfway down to Stevie's knees.  Vicki
remembered the hard-on of that repairman as vividly as if it were right in front
of her, and she realized that her son's cock, though not the least bit hard, was
even bigger.  The repairman's hard-on had been exactly eleven inches long.  Her
son's flaccid penis must be at least a foot in length.  The repairman's erection
had been too thick for her to wrap her hand around.  Her son's unerect manhood
was thicker.
      
       There was a graceful curvature in the hanging penis, caused by the fact
that the upper part of the shaft was supported horizontally by an enormous pair
of testicles.  Vicki remembered how struck she had been by the repairman's golf
ball sized balls, and she assumed that his remarkable potency had been
attributable to the large amount of sperm and male hormones such large testicles
would produce.  Her son's were more than twice as large, shaped like perfect
eggs but larger than any eggs she could buy in a store.
      
       Vicki had plenty of time to contemplate her son's masculine beauty, as he
was still lost in thought and had not heard her come in.  He was still the son
she had carried inside her body, who she had raised since infancy.  Until this
minute, she had not really gotten over thinking of him as a little boy.  Now she
saw him as a man.  And what a man!  A face more sexy and handsome than any movie
star's.  A body more perfectly shaped than any Greek sculptor ever imagined. 
And, where it counted more than anyplace else, manhood that even in her
inexperience she realized must be unparalleled.  She remembered again the common
report her sister had passed on to her, that the most beautiful woman in the
county had given birth to the hottest stud in the state.  She was too modest to
think that the first part of the statement could be true, though 95 percent of
the men in the county would have agreed with it.  But she suddenly realized that
the second part of the statement might be an understatement rather than an
exaggeration.
      
       When she had first walked into the bathroom, her immediate reaction had
been to freeze with surprise at seeing him there.  In seconds the surprise had
passed, to be succeeded by tremendous sexual excitement.  She was already horny. 
That was why she had come inside, to pee and wash prior to going back out and
masturbating.  But as her son's naked maleness permeated her consciousness,
electric voltage began shooting out of her crotch and through her body to every
extremity.  She remembered again the time with the repairman, and how sexually
excited she had been.  But this was infinitely stronger.  As she stared at his
glowing pubic hair, his big, fuzzy testicle-sac, and at his wonderful, pendulous
penis, the excitement built and suddenly she knew she couldn't contain herself. 
She lost all thought of where she was. Her left hand swept the flimsy bikini top
beneath her heaving breasts so she could tweak her right nipple with her
fingers.  Her right hand shoved down the bikini front, so she could touch her
clit.  But even before her fingers could reach her furry nest, she exploded in
orgasm.
      
       When the explosion hit, she let out a sigh of delight.  Immediately,
Stevie turned his head and saw his nearly naked mother, obviously in the throes
of orgasm, staring at his nakedness with one had on her breasts and the other
reaching for her fur-covered vagina.  A mixture of embarrassment at his mother
seeing him naked; astonishment at seeing her so turned on; and raw lust at
seeing that gorgeous female, mother or not, practically undraped in front of
him, all competed for control of his confused mind.  But it was the lust that
won out.  She was, as his aunt had told her, the most beautiful woman in the
county, and he had often found it necessary to conceal his strong erection when
he saw her in that bikini.  But this was the first time he had seen her exposed
tits and the upper portion, at least, of her bountiful pubic bush.
      
       The sight of his mother in that pose was a terrific turn-on, but as he
watched her he realized that it must have been the sight of his own naked body
that had thrown her into orgasm.  He had already found that his good looks, his
perfect body and above all his awesome man-equipment made him irresistible to
women.  He loved the power he had over women, almost as much as he loved feeling
their soft, curvy bodies and fucking them.  Steve, as he was known to everyone
but his mother, had lost his virginity a little over a year ago, and had fucked
a couple of hundred women since.  He had never failed to seduce a woman in the
first attempt.  But although he had wished for it and frequently jacked off at
the thought of it, he had not really been confident that his own mother would
succumb as easily as every other woman he had targeted.
      
       So the thought that Mom had gone into orgasm just looking at him was
tremendously arousing to him.  Immediately, his soft hanger started to stiffen
and grow.  Vicki watched with fascination that was nearly hypnosis as the
mammoth penis stirred, and straightened up, and then started standing up, and,
above all, got bigger and bigger.  In less than a minute it stood at fiercely
proud attention, straight as an arrow, projecting at a slight angle away from
his torso.  Vicki, having gotten past her orgasm but still at the highest pitch
of sexual excitement, estimated that it must be fifteen inches long from base to
tip.  Actually, her estimate was under by more than half an inch.  And it was
thicker than she could have imagined possible. There was a period of silence, as
they watched each other with lustful eyes.
      
       "Stevie," she gasped, when the silence finally became too much to bear,
"I just came up to pee and I didn't know you were in here.  I thought you were
sleeping in your room."
      
       "Yeah, I woke up and came in to take a shower," he muttered embarrassed. 
"I was thinking about something, and didn't here you come in, I guess."
      
       Vicki knew that he had seen her orgasm and that he knew exactly what he
had seen.  She searched for some explanation.
      
       "Stevie, when I saw you, you were so manly and so beautiful, and ... and,
well, I never dreamed a man could be so big, and I just lost control.  Can you
ever forgive me?"
      
       "Oh, sure, Mom," he rushed to say, flushed and excited, his penis still
standing as rigid as steel, "you don't need to apologize.  You are so incredibly
beautiful.  I just can't help getting turned on, looking at you."
      
       Vicki could feel his hunger, and her own was getting stronger by the
second.
      
       "Stevie, I want to touch you.  I know I'm your mother and it's the most
terrible sin on earth, but I can't resist the temptation."
      
       "Oh, Mom, I want you to touch me so badly," he responded.  "And I want
you to take that bikini off and let me touch every beautiful part of you."

       Hardly daring to look him in the eye, she took off her bikini, first the
top, letting her perfect breasts emerge freely, and then she peeled off the
flimsy bottoms, revealing her luxurious, dark mop.
      
       "Turn around, Mom, nice and slowly," he said, his voice hoarse, now, with
lust.  "Let me have a good look at my mother's perfect body in all its nude
glory."
      
       She followed his instructions, and when her back was too him, she bent
over, so he could get a close look at her perfectly rounded buns and, jutting
out beneath them, the black triangular patch of lush, fleecy curls.  Barely
visible through her pubic jungle was the thin, pink slash, glistening with the
female moisture her sexual organs were secreting at a record pace.  All the
strong odors of her crotch, less than a foot from his face, greeted his lustful
appreciation.
      
       "Maybe we should go into the bedroom, Mom," he said.  "But didn't you say
you came up here to pee."
      
       She had almost forgotten that fact, but the minute he mentioned it she
realized how much she needed to relieve herself.  Her bladder had been full when
she left the pool, and the sexual excitement had made it even fuller.
      
       "Yes," Vicki said, "why don't you go into the bedroom, and I'll be right
with you."
      
       Now he stared intently into her eyes. 
      
       "No, I'll stay.  I want to see my mother's hot, golden fluid as it jets
out of your beautiful cunt."
      
       She was about to say he shouldn't use such crude language when he was
talking to his mother, but realized how absurd it would be in this situation to
cavil about profanity.  The idea of her son watching lustfully while she let her
urine flow from her vagina sent a new shot of sexual electricity through her.
      
       "I'm thrilled that I'm going to piss for my own son, and then that I'm
going to suck his fabulous penis and let him fuck me to eternity," she thought
to herself.  "I guess I am a cunt.  What's wrong with Stevie calling me that, or
calling my vagina the cunt that it is?"
      
       She was about to walk to the toilet, but Steve grabbed her wrist and
pulled her toward him, and into the large bathtub.  Then he laid down on the
floor of the tub, and positioned her right above him.
      
       "Oh my God," she thought, "he doesn't just want to watch, he wants me to
piss right on him."
      
       She straddled his broad, manly chest and squatted.  He had a perfect,
close-up view of his mother's beautiful, fur covered vagina.  With her fingers,
she daintily parted the ebony curls, revealing the glistening pink of her inner
chamber.  He saw the wet membranes move, as she controlled her muscles, groping
for the relaxation that would release the flow from her very full bladder.
      
       In a moment, there was a brief spurt of yellow liquid.  Then another. 
And then, suddenly, the full force of her urine stream jetted forth from her
beautiful womanhood.  There was a hiss as it flowed from her tiny urethra, and
the thin, intense stream hit with surprising force against his upper chest, just
below his neck.  The liquid was surprisingly hot as it splashed around his neck
and shoulders and sprayed his face.  The special smell of concentrated
woman-urine stirred him to greater heights.  He lifted his head and opened his
mouth, to catch the forceful stream, and swallowed mouthful after mouthful.  And
her urine kept on coming.  He let it splash into his hands, and rubbed it all
over his face and hair.  The full force of her pissing lasted for more than a
minute before it finally subsided.  As the last few drops trickled out, Steve
eagerly put his lips on her vagina and lapped up every drop he could find.
       
       Next, Steve reached up to his mother's neck, and eased her face down to
him.  He gave her a passionate kiss on the lips, penetrating her mouth deeply
with his tongue.  It was the first kiss of sexual love between mother and son,
and as they greedily exchanged saliva, she enjoyed  the thrill of the strong
taste of her own urine from her son's mouth.
      
       The look and smell and taste and feel of his mother's hot piss had
charged Steve to the point of no return.  He knew he was going to shoot in the
next minute, come hell or high water.  So he told his mother to turn around and
prepare to catch his load in her mouth.
      
       	She did as she was told, and eagerly put her lips around the head of her
son's incredible penis.  She could barely fit the head into her mouth, and had
to stretch her jaws open to the limit to do so.  She put her hands on his
surging cock for the first time, and did not know if she was more dumbfounded by
how hot it was, or how hard.  She had thought the repairman's erect penis was
hard, but her son's was immovable.  She thought she could have easily supported
her whole body weight on his hard penis.  And with thumbs and fingers fully
extended, her two hands together could only barely fit around the enormous base.
      
       He was set to explode anyway, and the pressure of his mother's warm, wet
mouth and her eager hands on his penis simply accelerated what was already
inevitable.  Though she had his penis in both hands and her mouth, when she felt
it start to buck, she knew that all she could do was hold on for the ride. 
After the first two or three jerks, her mouth received the first sperm grenade. 
She remembered the copious jism eruptions of the repairman and realized that
just the first shot of sperm emerging from her son Stevie's enormous shaft was
equal in quantity to a complete orgasm's worth from the repairman.  And it was
plenty more than her husband could produce in a month.
      
       But Stevie's cannon kept firing.  Eruption after eruption fired into her
mouth with enormous force.  She swallowed as much as she could, but she was not
prepared for such a volcano and probably half of his thick, white fluid
overflowed down onto his crotch.  After more than a dozen solid eruptions, the
cannon finally quieted. Just the post-cum syrup that trickled out while Stevie's
penis wound down through its last sweet twinges would have done most men proud
if they could produce that much in a complete orgasm.
      
       Stevie was enjoying the incredible glow of knowing he had just fired a
big load of his sperm into his mother's pretty mouth, but he knew that she was
on fire and needed relief.  He put his mouth back onto her vagina, which was
hovering only inches from his face.  He skillfully moved his tongue back and
forth between penetrating the tasty interior of her vaginal chamber and
butterflying her clit.  It took only a few minutes of her son's expert oral
ministrations on her vagina to bring Vicki over the top.  She moaned, as the
pleasure surged through her, and Stevie's tongue lapped up the delicious
girl-fluid that newly filled her chamber.  Temporarily exhausted, Vicki
affectionately squeezed her thighs around her son's face, pressing his nose and
mouth squarely up against her anus and vagina, but not so hard that he could not
breathe.  She let her own head drop down and use his crotch as a pillow,
languidly lapping up the still copious amounts of his sperm that coated his
penis--now shrunk back to its original 12 thick inches--and was soaked into his
golden brown pubes.
      
       After they had rested for a few minutes, they got up, showered, dried
each other off, and went into Vicki's bedroom.
      
       "Lie down, Mom," Stevie said, "I'm going to fuck you right here.  I'm
going to fill your cunt with your son's big cock, right here on the bed you
share with Dad."
      
       This brought a blush to Vicki's face.  She realized how appalling her
acts were.  The incident with the repairman had been bad enough.  But now!  What
had her infidelity then been to what it was now.  To fuck her own son.  And in
her husband's bed!  It was unthinkable, but she was going to do it.  How would
she ever be able to look Don in the face again?
      
       But Steve was already kissing her, and driving these thoughts away.  He
had his hand on her vagina, and was running his fingers deliciously through her
fluffy, jet black pubic curls.
      
       "Oh God, I love that," she sighed, and she reached over to touch his own
pubes, that sat so jauntily above his mighty oak tree.  She squirmed around on
the bed and got her face into his crotch, which was now fresh and clean.  She
turned him on his stomach and kissed his perfect, fuzzy buns.  Then she pressed
her face into his deep, dark ass crack, and moved her tongue against his anus. 
She remembered how repulsed she had been by the repairman's asshole when he had
demanded she lick it, though she had soon gotten over her disgust and found the
experience exciting.  But there was no repulsion from her son's clean, neat
asshole.
      
       After licking wetly up and down the ass crack for a few minutes, she
pressed the tip of her tongue against his tiny anus, and penetrated.  She had to
use pressure against his tight sphincter, but she finally got all of her tongue
inside his hot, dank rectal chamber.  She moved her tongue around, and he
twinged when his mother lapped at his prostate.  Her head was spinning.  She
kept telling herself, "This is Stevie, my son, and my tongue is pressed up his
asshole."  But her crotch was in command, not her head, and she lapped up every
bit of nut-tasting rectal grease.
      
       After she had tasted as much of his rectum as she could reach, she pulled
out and turned him over again.  Now she tickled his crotch with her page-boy
haircut, and with her face rubbed his thighs and crotch as lightly as a feather. 
His penis was at full length, thickness and hardness now, but she gave him no
immediate relief.  For a while she laved his exuberant puff of golden brown
pubic hair, and then worked down to his enormous testicles.  His fuzzy sac which
held those enormous eggs entranced her, especially since she knew those eggs
were the real seat of her son's incredible potency.  She worked that sac with
her tongue for more than a quarter of an hour.  He was aching for her to move to
his shaft, but he didn't hurry her.  It was too much of a thrill to feel her
tongue, and say to himself, "It's my mother.  She just had her tongue inside my
asshole, tasting my shit grease, and now she's tonguing my balls."
      
       Finally, she turned her attention to his proud tower!  She looked again
at his hard penis from close range, and was almost overcome anew at its majesty. 
She couldn't help giving it some licks, and some wet kisses, and putting parts
of it in her mouth.  She truly made love to her son's penis with her mouth.  But
finally, she forced her face away.  This time, she wanted her son to fuck her.
      
       She got on her back, and begged him.
      
       "Fuck me, Stevie," she moaned.  "Push your incredible penis into my
vagina.  I need you.  I need you to fuck me now."
      
       He decided to tease her.
      
       "But Mom," he said, "I'm your son.  Do you really want your son's big
dick in your cunt.  Do you really want it to be your son, of all people, who
stuffs your pussy."
      
       "Oh, Stevie, don't do that to me.  Fuck me, I need you so badly.  Please
don't humiliate me.  Just fuck me.  Give me your huge, hard penis.  I want to
feel it inside me."
      
       "But what about Dad," he said.  "What would he think if he knew his wife,
that he loves so well, was being fucked by his son, and in his own marital bed? 
Don't you think you should wait until he comes home from his convention and let
him give you what your hot cunt needs?"
      
       "Fuck me, Stevie, now, please, please," she whimpered, helplessly.
      
       "No, not until you tell me why you want me, your son, to fuck you, when
you could just as easily wait for Dad to fuck you."
      
       "Are you really going to force me to say it, Stevie," she wailed.
      
       He smiled, and said "Yes, if want this slab of man-meat inside that hot
fur-covered pussy of yours, you'll have to tell me why you want me to fuck you
rather than Dad."
      
       She had to give in.
      
       "All right," she said, tears streaming from her eyes.  "You are my son,
but you are a real man.  I can't be satisfied without that hard penis of yours. 
I love your father.  I always have and I always will.  But he can't satisfy me
as you can.  He just doesn't have the equipment."
      
       "You mean, his cock's not as big as mine."
      
       "No.  Oh, Stevie, you are torturing me.  You know perfectly well, your
penis is almost three times as large as Don's.  Ohhhh, please fuck me."
      
       During the whole conversation, she had not taken her eyes off of his
penis.  Getting her to praise him, to describe his sexual prowess, was getting
Steve into higher and higher excitement, and his massive penis was even hotter
and harder than it had been before, if that was possible.
      
       "Do you mean that it's a man's penis that makes him a man," he asked. 
"Is that what you are saying, that because I have a big, hard dick, I'm more of
a man than your husband."
      
       "Yes," she almost shouted.
      
       "Then say it," he said, "say you want your son to stuff your cunt with
his massive cock because your husband isn't man enough to do it."
      
       "Yes, I want your penis in me, I want you to fuck me.  There, I've said
it.  I'm begging you, please fuck me."
      
       "No, say it the way I said it," he said, firmly.
      
       "All right," and she gave in again, with tears.  "Stevie, my son, I want
you to stuff my raging cunt with your hard, huge, hot, cock.  You are so manly,
so beautiful, so potent, you are like a sex god.  I worship you.  I'll do
anything for you, and for your godlike cock.  My husband's dick is too small. 
He's not man enough.  You are.  Ohhhh, fuck me."
      
       He loved hearing her say that.  He kissed her again, more passionately
than ever before.  He told her that as long as she worshiped him, he would
always be there, cock in hand, for his mother.  She realized that she, too, had
loved what she said.  She did worship her son's cock, and it was true that Don,
however good to her, was not man enough for her.  Not even remotely close.  She
kissed him back, and gave his cock and testicles a loving grope with her left
hand.
      
       Now he positioned himself, and pressed the head of his still iron-hard
penis against the ebony-curled entrance to her vagina.  He rubbed the head up
and down, spreading the outer lips, and lining up perfectly with the opening,
seemingly so much narrower than the monstrous instrument about to be inserted
into it.
      
       Gently, he pushed forward.  His penis was slick with her saliva, and her
vagina was sopping.  On the first thrust, he got the head and a couple of inches
of shaft inside her vaginal portal.  Vicki felt as if her son's manhood was
going to split her apart.  But she knew she could take it, and she urged him on. 
He eased back and forth, getting in an additional inch or so on each forward
thrust.
      
       Vicki was in ecstasy.  Only once before in her life had her vaginal walls
been stretched.  On that occasion she had found her only real sexual fulfillment
prior to today.  But her son's penis was thicker and was exposing new nerve
endings that even the repairman's big dick had not been able to stimulate. 
After only a few of Steve's strokes, when he was only about a third in, Vicki
had a strong orgasm.  A few more thrusts, a few more inches, and she came again,
even stronger.  Now he was in as far as the repairman had penetrated, though his
extra thickness made her feel more full than she had then.  But he kept on
thrusting, penetrating deeper, where no man had ever been able to go.
      
       "Steve"--she couldn't call him Stevie any more, not when he was all
man--"you're in deeper than anyone's ever been, now.  I'm a virgin there, Steve. 
You're taking your mother's cherry.  I love you Steve.  You own my cunt.  You're
sending me to heaven."
      
       These words stirred him, and he couldn't prevent himself.  A monster
orgasm, stronger than the one in the bathroom, shook his frame.  She felt
incredible globs of sperm hurdle from his penis deep in her chamber with greater
force than before, and the sensation threw her into the strongest orgasm she had
ever experienced.
      
       They lay still for a moment, his penis still twelve inches deep in her
vagina, which was now flooded with Steve's jism.  But there were still almost
four inches of steel-hard penis to go.  But there were still almost four inches
of steel-hard penis to go.  Steve was so turned on, his penis never even
partially softened.  Despite the unprecedented force of her orgasm, Vicki was at
a higher sexual pitch than ever.  She simply could not get over the excitement
of having her own son's huge penis up so deep into her vagina, where she was a
virgin.  After only a minute or two, he renewed his penetration.  A few more
firm thrusts, and he was all the way in.
      
       The sensation was incredible, for both of them.  She felt the broad tip
of the head of his penis, squarely pressed against the bottom end of her vagina,
right up against her cervix.  His thickness was pressing against the sides of
her channel beyond what she could have imagined, for its entire length.  He was
stimulating every pleasure center in her vagina, including many she never knew
existed.  She was as filled as it was possible for a woman to be.  And by her
baby's cock!  She had another hard orgasm.
      
       For Steve, it was equally exciting.  In only a year since he had been
first seduced by a teacher in junior high school, he had stuffed at least a
couple of hundred cunts.  But he could never get tired of the sensation of his
big, hard manhood being tightly surrounded by a woman's most intimate womanhood. 
This time, it was infinitely greater.  That was his mother's cunt pressing
against his manflesh.  He felt her convulsions, and he shot another giant load
of jism deep into her innards.
      
       Again, he never got soft, and this time he didn't even pause after
shooting his load.  Now he started fucking his mother in earnest, pulling his
fifteen plus inches most of the way out and then jamming them in again, all the
way to the bottom.  Both of them had secreted so much sexual fluid that he moved
easily in and out, though all the fluid in the world could not have lessened the
tightness of the genital fit between mother and son.
      
       They were in ecstasy.  Steve started his strokes at a slow, easy pace,
but gradually, so gradual as not even to be noticeable, he quickened the pace. 
Vicki's orgasms became stronger and stronger.  Nothing she had experienced with
the repairman came close to this.  And the orgasms came closer and closer
together.
      
       Steve--15 years old, but blessed with a physical endowment that had
gotten him easily into hundreds of women's beds, and intelligent enough to have
learned volumes from his experience--knew, as he was fucking his beautiful
mother for the first time, when the strategic moment had come.  He stroked a
little faster, and suddenly Vicki was in a continuous state of orgasm.  One
orgasm would strike, and before it had worn off, another would strike, and
another.  For five minutes, ten minutes, twenty minutes, there was continuous
electricity raging through her.  She couldn't count the orgasms as they merged
into each other, but there must have been hundreds.  And still she was climbing,
as the steady state of heavy orgasm grew higher and higher.
      
       She literally did not think she could live.  She had no control over her
breath, her voice, her body.  She was nothing but pure sexual energy.  It had to
stop or she had to die, but it went on and on, and became even more intense.
      
       And finally he had brought her to the peak of peaks.  When he knew she
was ready, he released himself, and experienced a far stronger orgasm than any
he had had so far.  He shot even more jism than before, with more force directly
into the nether walls of his mother's vagina. Vicki's continuous stream of
orgasms had mounted so high that when Steve finally brought her over the top in
this manner, she had a completely different kind of climax. It was what Steve's
aunt Bonnie (whom he had been fucking when he was out all the previous night)
called a meta-climax.  Suddenly, Vicki was lifted into a different universe, a
world of pure peace and pure pleasure.
      
       Steve was satiated (temporarily, of course), and collapsed on his mother,
his penis still deep in her vagina, though it shrank back to its flaccid length
of 12 inches.  About ten percent of the women he fucked were capable of a
meta-orgasm, and he was glad his mother was one of them.  He knew there was no
other man in the area, maybe no one else in the country, who could give her
that.  He knew now that he would continue to be worshiped as a sex god by his
beautiful mother, no matter what.  And she was gazing at him with complete
adoration.  It was a look of complete love, the love not only of a mother for
her son, but of a woman for the one man who can fulfill her every desire.
      
       Vicki was in that state of pure pleasure for about half an hour, though
the mood from such an experience would last for days.  Of course, when she came
back down to earth, it didn't take long for mother and son to resume their
sexual games.  We don't have to tell here how that evening, Steve's twin sister
and Vicki's daughter unexpectedly came home because there had been a snafu and
the campsite was unavailable.  Connie discovered her brother and her mother in
bed, and since they were oblivious to her presence for a few minutes, she got a
close-up view of brother's monster penis plowing mother's beautiful vagina.  And
mother's excitement was obvious.  Connie was shocked, but she was also envious. 
Steve and Vicki were able to solve that problem, as Connie got into bed with
them and lost her cherry to her brother.  Steve then ordered his sister and
mother to eat each other's pussies, and so they were introduced to lesbian love.
      
       Nor do we have to tell how, when Don came home, he discovered his wife
and his two children, all in his own bed fucking and sucking each other.  This
was no accident.  Vicki, Steve, and Connie had already decided that Steve was
now the man of the family, and there was no way to conceal that fact from Don. 
If he didn't like it, he could leave. They knew he was too much in love with
Vicki to do that.  He was philosophical about it, saying he had always realized
that it was selfish for a man with such an insufficient penis to marry as
beautiful a woman as Vicki.  He had always realized he could never meet her
needs, but he had loved her so much, that he couldn't make the sacrifice and
give her up.  He begged her forgiveness, and promised to live thereafter as
their servant.
      
       So Steve, Vicki, and Connie slept from then on in the master bed, and Don
slept on a small cot in the corner.  Don always lapped up Steve's copious cum
juice from his wife's and daughter's vaginas and anuses.  Occasionally, he was
allowed to fuck one of them.  He also developed a liking for licking Steve's
cock and swallowing his hot sperm straight from the source.  Drinking so much of
Steve's cum ended up having a good effect on Don.  It was so filled with potent
male hormones of which his own tiny testicles gave him an insufficient amount,
that the steady diet of his son's sperm actually added an inch-and-a-half to the
length of Don's penis and a bit to the width.  And although previously he had
difficulty getting it up as much as once a week, he could now have a good
healthy orgasm at least once a day.  He's no Don Juan, but the family incest has
had a markedly beneficial effect on his sex life.
      
       But these are all matters for another story.  We don't suppose you
enjoyed reading this as much as Vicki and Steve enjoyed living it, but we hope
that you've been able to pop off at least once or twice while you've been
reading it.  Now let's all go lick that white sticky stuff off our hands!
      
       		Send comments to bigone@maileditor.com




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Harry Kuntz


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





