BDSM Library - It Started In The Hotel Room




It Started In The Hotel Room
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She is in a hotel room and someone opens the door and in walks a stranger.... a stranger set to train you to be his.
It started in the hotel room (c) zoneiwon 2002



As I sit naked in my hotel room thumbing through the articles I had accumulated
on the female orgasm, (which I had never had, with a man or my vibrator) I got
randy. I could feel the moisture between my legs seeping into the towel I had
put under me. Why was it that I could never get to That point. The point that
all woman wanted to achieve. 

I heard the door open and I jumped up, In walked a man I had never seen before
and the woman who had cleaned my room earlier that day. He was a big man, around
the age of 50 with brown hair and a mustache and a beard. He must have topped
over 6 feet tall and was a muscular 200 pounds. She closed the door and locked
it behind her. As I opened my mouth to scream he grabbed me around the mouth and
tied a scarf around my mouth and secured my hands behind my back. 

As I struggled he hefted a heavy breast in his hand. The maid looked at him with
a smile and said, "Didn't I tell you she was a work of art. Look at all of these
books she brought with her and wait look here," and she went over to my drawer
and opened it and took out my big vibrator and the books I brought with me for
the month vacation I was on at the ocean. 

I was embarrassed and hid my face. He grabbed it and turned it towards his and
smiled. Leaning down he gave me a thorough kiss and tightly pinched my nipple he
was holding. I tried to scream out in pain but all that came out was a muffled
groan/scream. He had my head arched back by my hair. He started to nibble and
suck on my throat. Looking down at me he said, "Now people will think that this
was consensual and not rape, after they see all these love marks on your throat,
but believe me it WILL be rape. At least at first, then you will crave me and my
touch." And with that he laughed out loud. 

He laid me across the table in the room and tied my legs and arms off to the
legs of the table. It was a large square redwood table. As I laid there looking
up at them in fright he nodded to the girl who quietly left the room for a
moment. He leaned down near my face and took his tongue and licked my cheek.
"Don't worry slave," he said, "she will be right back", and with that she opened
the door and quickly slipped back inside. 

She placed the case she was carrying on one of the two beds in the room. He
nodded and she went into the bath room and I heard the water running. He stood
between my spread knees and pulled them further apart and separated my pussy
lips with his hands.

"Before I take you as a slave I want to make sure you are in "workable" order. I
have been told by a reliable source that you have been trying to cum and just
can't. I want to make sure that you will, how shall I say this, learn to cum on
my command after proper training. My training. So let us begin."

He took his fingers and spread my pussy and touched my sensitive clit. I moaned,
"Very good," he said. "I see that it is sensitive, must be from all the
stimulation you have been giving it. Sensitive is good my pet, oh so very good."

Next, he reached under me and tried to slide his finger in my ass. I clenched my
ass cheeks so hard that he chuckled and said, "you must be an anal virgin. Are
you my pet?" When I did not answer him he took his hand and slapped me right on
my pussy. "You will answer me when I ask you a question and answer me honestly
and right away."

I slowly shook my head yes and hung my head. "No my pet" he said, "do not be
embarrassed I will train you to crave my cock. The only cock you will ever have
again and I am pleased that one part of you will be used first by me. But first
we must take off all of that growth you have over your pussy. I like a bare
pussy to eat because only Smokey the Bear likes to eat in a forest and my name
isn't Smokey. As far as your concerned it's Master David."

I shook my head. He seemed pleased. He motioned to the door way and the girl
walked over and I could see a steaming hot towel in her hand which she placed on
my pussy lips making sure it went into the crack between them. I silently
screamed as I felt like a boiled lobster. All trussed up and boiled alive.
Master David crooned into my ear, "soon slave soon it will be over. She is just
loosening the hair there." I could feel her moving her hands around the towel
and then blessingly it was over. She now took out a straight razor and started
to crop it back and forth, no, no, no I pleaded with my eyes. As she took a
place between my legs and started to shave off the pussy fir. First doing one
side then the other then inside the lips. When she was finished she wiped me off
and pulled my lips back to show Master David. 

"Very, very nice. Just like a plump babies but so much more full of life. I can
see the clit poking out. You must have enjoyed it a little," he said. And with
that he nodded at her and she lowered her head and sucked on my clit and started
to milk it with her lips. Oh! I started to moan it felt so good. "Careful little
one don't let her cum." No, I thought let me cum, oh god I'm so close let me
cum. I started to buck my hips urging her on. And as I came so close to
achieving and orgasm, he tpulled her head back and the sensations stopped.

I started to cry. So long I needed the completion and I still had not had it. He
then took off his shirt and his pants and when he turned back to me there was
the biggest cock I had ever seen. There was no way I could take it. 

"Ah yes my dear slave I see you have noticed my powerful affliction. I train my
slaves to take all 14 inches of it he said. Or in your case I will train you
after because I need to take you now and get it over with." 

And with that and no further ado he stepped between my legs and parted my pussy
and started to enter me. Oh lord he was so big, too big. I felt his stretching
the opening, tearing me. It felt as if he was ripping my slit open from top to
bottom. Stop, stop I murmured. 

"No slave there is no stopping until rock bottom". On and on it went. I screamed
through my gag but it never stopped him. Finally I felt him hit rock bottom. His
flesh was pressed against mine so closely and then he started moving back and
forth. I saw the girl come over and started to play with my nipples. Making them
hard first my flicking them and then by leaning her head down and sucking first
one and then the other in her warm mouth. 

I started to move my hips in unison to his thrusts. Trying to meet his thrusts.
He looked down and smiled at me. "Good slave fuck your Master fuck him back.
Show him you accept his cock in your Masters hole. The only cock it will ever
take again." 

As he got close I felt her fingers trail down my stomach and find my clit. She
started to flick it back and forth. Rubbing it, making my blood pound to the tip
of it. I screamed as I came for the first time in my life. 




Chapter 2

I felt him stop his assault. Looking at me he said, "you slut! Did I tell you
that you could cum. I always cum first. Now you will pay for it." As I tried to
tell him how sorry I was, he said, "I do not want to hear your excuses." 

He motioned for the other girl who came over and pointed to my legs. She untied
them and pulled them back over my head. Opening my legs wide and making my ass
cheeks yawn open. He got into position again between my spread legs and he
placed his cock against my ass hole. 

"This will hurt but it  will teach you a lesson I believe." And with that he
plunged into my hole. 

I screamed into my gag. Just kept on screaming, screaming. The pain was so
great. It felt like someone had thrust a hot sharp knife into my hole. In and
out, In and out. I felt something slick back there and I knew, I just knew he
had made me bleed. It felt so raw and sore as he moved into and out of me. And
then he stiffened and grunted and I felt his hot seed flood into me. So much
seed mingling with the blood. Flowing out of my hole and pooling around me on
the table. 

He pulled out of me and leaned up and over me and placed his hand on my neck and
said, "you will never make that mistake again will you slave." I weakly shook my
head no from side to side.

"Good", he said, and placed a kiss on my lips being held open by the gag. "You
are mine from this day forward", and with that I felt a bee sting in my spread
thigh and the room went black.

I slowly came awake. Where was I and why did my arms hurt. Why was it so cold? I
could still hear the ocean but it was dark and I didn't think I was still in my
room. No definitely not, it was too cold and breezy. 

As my eyes become accustomed to the dark I realize at that I was hanging
spread-eagled from the ceiling and also at that exact moment I realize that my
lips were free and I started to yell for help.

"Help me someone Help me."

"No one will help you, no one," a voice said behind me beside my head. 

"What do you want," I asked. 

"Oh I have told you before or are you a dumb slave."

Then I knew who it was, I remembered and I shivered. 

"Yes, good slave, you are not dumb at all, you remember." He slid his hand down
my back to my ass parting my ass cheeks and slid a finger between them. "You
remember your lessons don't you."

"Yes Master David I do," I croaked out because my throat was sore from all the
yelling I had done before when I fucked my ass. 

"Good pussy, Now you will be known as slave in training. Meret will teach you
what and how to please me. She will teach you how to please me, that could mean
performing with her, and on her, It means any sexual act that I tell you. Do you
understand this." 

"Why me?" I ask.

"You are a woman who needs to be used roughly and to be treated as a slave in
order to obtain her pleasure." 

"You have never achieved and orgasm before have you", he asked raising one eye.

"No Master David, I have not." 

"So what is your conclusion in this matter then."

Lowering my head I said, "I need to be used as your slave Sir."

"That's right slave you are not sexually complete without me."

"Yes Master"

"Now I will give you another taste of the price if you displease me." 

He went over to floggers hanging on the wall and took down a whip with rawhide
times. It had approximately 15 strips. 

"How old are you slave?"

"29 Sir."

"Well in that case you will get a slap for every year of your life for living
with out my guidance. You will count each one, saying Thank you Master that is
one."

"Ready," I shook my head no. "Well that's no matter because it is coming."

He leaned back and I heard the wind before the first one hit me. I screamed from
the pain and said, "Thank you Master that is one."

He hit me again, "Thank you Master that is two", as tears rolled down my face.

Snap, "Thank you Master that is three" so on and so on it went until I hit the
29 mark.

Sobbing I said "Thank you Master that is Twenty nine." 

My ass was so hot. "That was very good slave. Your ass is a fiery red, I like
nice red hot asses. I like the way your ass swings for me."

I saw him motion to someone and then I felt a cool wet something on my ass. Up
and down it went. I tried to look behind me.

 No slave head front don't look bad unless you want another 29 and next time it
will be with the bull whip. 

I felt hands go between my legs and played in my pussy. Rubbing it and tweaking
my clit. I felt the rush of liquid that as the stroking continues. One finger
slid inside me, two fingers, moving rapidly . Oh god yes I moan.

He took the handle of the whip and said , "remember slave only when I say will
you cum.  "

"Yes Master David, but I am so close "

"No you have a long way to go."

Then I saw Meret stand up and come in front of me and the fingers were removed
from my cunt. They had been hers. She leaned up and kissed me on my lips.
Opening my mouth slowly with her tongue. Worming her tongue inside mine until
she had full access to it. She then slowly moved down to my neck. Licking and
sucking on it. Paying special attention to the sensitive places that the Master
had already put his kiss marks on it. Moving slowly down to my nipples. She
sucked on them, like she was nursing from them.. They got very, very hard and
were very sensitive. She reached behind to Master and he passed her something. 

She stood back and in her hand she had Japanese clover clips which she affixed
to my nipples fast and efficiently. OH god the pain I screamed. "Take them off
oh god please Master David take them off." 

"No slave not yet. We have to make your nipples harder and tougher before we
pierce them."

He then handed Meret a dildo which she placed in her mouth and moistened it and
then she strapped it on and stepped behind me.

I felt her spread my ass cheeks and placed the head at the entrance. I tightened
up naturally.

She slipped her hand between my lips and began to play with my clit and pussy.
"No baby," she whispered, "open up for mommy." As I started to respond to the
stimulation she slowly entered my ass until she was finally seated in it. I felt
her reach down and switch something on and the dildo began to vibrate inside me
along with her in and out motion.

Master David came before me and slowly entered my pussy. I moved forward fucking
him and fucking her. Back and forth I went, when I was close they both pulled
out and left me swinging panting trying to cum. 

"Remember, no cumming." said Master David.

"Yes, Sir", you replied. 

The rhythm continued as Master and Meret continued their assault in my nether
holes. I was entering a dreamy state ... a state of sexual subspace where I had
never been before. My eyes rolled back in my head as the pleasure of being
fucked ... of being used ... swept through me, leaving me fully out-of-control. 

"Look at her now, Meret. It will be a pleasure training her every day .. for
hours on end."

Master David's huge cock was now sliding effortlessly in and out of my sopping
wet cunt. My juices dripped down onto the vibrator that was rapidly buzzing in
my ass. I was full .. and I didn't want it to end. Then just as suddenly, Master
David pulled Meret back, kissed her fully on the lips and had her kneel before
Him. His cock slide from me and stood in front of her face. On His command, her
mouth feverishly attacked his huge meat, licking and sucking my juice off of it
as she cleaned him dry. 

"That's My good little cocksucker, Meret", Master David stroked Meret's head.
"And one day you will receive the same pleasure from serving Me", He continued
as He spoke to me. 

Then Master David went to the wall where the whips hung and grabbed another
whip. This one is more in the short flogger style, maybe 18 inches long, with
numerous leather strands coming out of the handle. My cunt was swollen, filled
with blood and engorged from being fucked as He again stood between my legs. My
arms and legs strained from being hung for so long. 

"And now you shall receive a flogging on your cunt, slave. You are well prepared
for Me to proceed .... And your sensitive cunt will certainly feel it .... Mmmm!
Yes!", He  teased me as he dragged the handle of the flogger across my cunt ....
And then let the strands drift softly over the skin of my bare slit. 

"No .. please don't whip me, Master .... Please .....", I murmured.

Completely ignoring my pleas, Master continues, "Again, you will count for Me,
slave .... And you will receive the same count as your ass did. And I expect
that you will again count for Me ...or receive further punishment! Do you want
to be whipped for the next hour, cunt?! Or do you desire to submit and to serve
as you were born to do?!"

"Oh yes .... Yes, Sir!!", I replied instantly.

"And reply as you did before, slave .... Counting and saying My name and
thanking Me for all this wonderful attention!"

"Yes, Sir .... As you wish, Sir!"

Master David raised the flogger and dropped it lightly between my spread legs,
striking my directly on my wet cunt. 

"One ... Master David .... Thank you ..."

Master David struck me again with the same force. 

"Two ... Master David .... Thank you ..."

"That's a good bitch .... " Master struck me again, this time a little harder. I
grunted in response and my body jerks uncontrollably. 

"Three ... Master David .... Thank you ... oooohhhhh!!!!"

The flogging of my body continues ... ever harder as the flogger continued to
strike me. My groin was becoming sore and painful. I was learning my lesson
well. 

"Twenty-one, Master David .... Thank you! Aauuuugggghhhhh!!!!"

Master David stopped for a moment and stroked my inner thighs .... And struck me
again. 

"Twenty-two, Master David .... Thank you! uunnnnhhhhhhh!!!!"

And soon it was over .....

"SMACK!!", came the stroke of the final thrust of the whip.

"Auuuugghhhh ..... Twenty-nine, Master David .... Thank you, Sir!
Aauuuugggghhhhh!!!! ... Oh my god!!!"

Master David released me from the suspension and lowered me to the floor. I was
heaping mess of flesh, whipped and fucked into a state so worn down that I was
just slumped on the floor. My sweat dripped from me even though the room was
rather cool. 

Master David hovered over me. I was freed of all bonds now, but I was totally
helpless before him. He bent over me, stroking my hair gently. My legs ached. My
arms ached. My ass stung. My cunt was sore. My asshole had been stretched as
never before. 

"All is well, My pet. You have performed well for me. I am pleased. Meret will
take you and clean you up and allow you to rest. She will feed you also. After
you have rested, you shall come before Me again. And I will test you again and
find out what your limits truly are." 

Master David then handed some items to Meret. They were belt and a shackle and
some object that I'm not sure what it was but it appeared to be some sort of
massager.

"After you have washed and groomed her, shackle her ankle to the post at the
foot of the bed and attach the massager to her groin. And be sure that she
cannot touch it or remove it. Here are some cuffs to prevent that. Attach the
cuffs to the bars of the headboard. I will keep the remote for the massager. I
want her to become accustomed to the massager on her groin. She will grow to
appreciate its presence. And she will be under My control .. always ... Now take
her away!", Master David directed Meret.

Meret helped me to my feet and took me down a dark hallway. We entered a lovely
bath with a jacuzzi tub. I looked at myself in the mirror. I was a mess ... a
horrible mess.

"I will care for you, now, slave, if you allow it. And if you do not allow it, I
must inform Master of your refusal.", she started. 

I was in no position nor desire to wish that she would not tend to me. I was in
desparate need of care. She knew it as well. 

"Master is pleased with your submission. You have performed well. And now is the
time to tend to your ailments.", Meret explained and she instructed me crawl
into the tub. She filled it and turned on the jets and left me. I sat there for
the longest time as the warm fluid caressed my aching body. Soon she came and
washed me everywhere. My hair and my body were once again renewed. I felt much
better but I knew that my skin had been damaged during the whipping. I could
feel it still stinging me but I didn't care.

to be continued?




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  zone


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





