BDSM Library - Camping Trip




Camping Trip
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: She goes from being a kinky housewife to a true slave with the help of her husband and the trainer he roped into helping.
Camping Trip

The camping trip had been planned for weeks.  Everything was boxed, bagged and
tagged at the bottom of the stairs. Meredith stood at the top of the stairs
anxiously glancing at her watch as she looked out the large window to the
driveway. " Where on earth could he be" she thought to herself. Her husband
Richard had called just prior to leaving his office telling her he was on his
way. That was an hour and a half ago and still he wasn't home.

Suddenly she saw a strange SUV pull up in the driveway-2 men in it. Her husband
jumped out of the passenger side and bounded in the house and up the stairs. "So
sorry to be so long. The truck crapped out on me at Home Depot. It was just
blind luck that Derrick came along at the same time I was there and gave me a
lift home. I had AAA take the truck to the shop. But now we don't have it to go
camping with. And with this secluded site I've found, we NEED 4-wheel drive. So
I've invited Derrick to come along with us and he's going to drive. So we had to
run by his place and pick up a few things....you don't mind do you?"

She stared at him in amazement. It always left her incredulous as to how he
could talk so fast and communicate so many thoughts in such a small amount of
time. Smiling as she shook her head, she assured him that she didn't mind. "The
more the merrier ..." she was saying as Derrick walked in the door. She'd met
him a few times before-he worked with Richard. He was about 6'2" with that kind
of wavy short hair that just made a girl dream of running her fingers thru it. 
Kinda like Tom Selleck's on that old television show Magnum PI

"Are you sure?" Derrick asked, scoring points for his politeness. " I don't want
to be an intruder or horn in on your romantic getaway..."

"Absolutly sure " Madeline answered as she came down the stairs and grabbed a
couple of bags. "We'll have a great time."

Three hours later the three were chatting like old buddies as they drove down
the winding bumpy dirt road that lead to the camp site. Madeline yawned as she
asked Richard,"Are we there yet Daddy?" in her best winey voice.

"Just up on the top of the next hill. " Richard replied.

The Jeep Cherokee lumbered to the top of the next hill and as they stepped out
of the truck, Madeline knew that the ride had been well worth the wait. At the
top of the hill was a flat area big enough for several tents and a campfire.
Others had used it, as there were the remnants of a fire ring in the center. As
she looked out at the setting sun, she stretched and hollered for the guys to
hurry up with the equipment.


"Get your butt over here and help unload." Derrick teased her as he swatted her
ass. She went over and held out her arms. "Load me up Master." she retorted
back. "Well, if I'm going to be your Master, I'll do far more that load you up
with sleeping bags." He shot back as he put gear in her arms. She looked at him
-noting the funny smile on his face as she turned to take the gear to the
circle.

I wonder what he meant by that, she thought to herself. She and Richard
sometimes played Domination games, but they never TOLD anyone about it. She'd
even sometimes referred to Richard as Master in bed. But SURELY he hadn't told
Derrick about that. Surely he hadn't.

Finding Richard alone putting up the tent as Derrick set up the camp kitchen,
Madeline mentioned the comment to Richard.  "What did he mean by that?" she
asked him. Richard looked up from the pegs and smiled at her.

"I know exactly what he meant, but I'll let him explain it later on tonight. For
now, just forget it."

"Oh yeah right....like I can forget it NOW....tell me!" She exclaimed in
frustration.

"Well my dear, I've been talking about our games with Derrick for several months
now. You see he's a professional Dom ...so to speak. He trains other submissives
in his spare time. After we got to talking, I thought he could give me a
few...pointers shall we say."

Seeing the stunned look on her face, he leaned over and kissed her. "Don't worry
dear...we always have the safe word if things go too far." He grinned at her.
"Oh I know this is going to be a fun weekend."


Stunned, Meredith wandered off by herself to "look for firewood". But in
actuality, she had to think. "I can't believe he'd do that" she thought to
herself. They'd been playing games for years.   Innocent tying up. Some
domination, controlling games. He'd tie her up and spank her sometimes, but the
games ended after the orgasms stopped. It never left the bedroom. Until Now.

"I understand Richard has told you why I'm here this weekend." a deep voice
interrupted her thoughts.  "Your proper training is to begin tonight....if you
agree also that is. I never take on a submissive if she is not fully in
agreement too. Before you answer, let me explain what this will involve. For the
interlude of this weekend, you will be my submissive.  No, not a slave. I do not
believe in slaves. But you will learn about your submissive nature and how to
use it to serve me and Richard...and ultimately how to achieve your own pleasure
through serving others. My word is law this weekend, Richard will not help you. 
If I give you an order...or a request is how I prefer to think of it, you will
obey. If you do not obey and obey enthusiastically, you will be punished. It is
only by being shown what is expected of you and rewarded and punished
accordingly that you can know if this is a lifestyle that you and Richard want
to pursue. Now then, don't answer me yet. Think it over and if you agree that
this is the path you'd like to continue down, come and let me know. I'll be
sitting by the fire. " With that, he turned away.

Meredith felt her knees go weak and sank to the ground, drawing her knees up to
her chest and wrapping her arms around them. She knew that Derrick turned her
on. That was for sure. His powerful voice emphasized every word. Even making
punishment sound erotic. Obviously this was something that Richard wanted so the
only thing left to consider was what she thought. Did she want the games to go
further? In her heart, she knew the answer. It was the details that scared her,
but she knew that she did want to go further, to submit deeper than the games
had ever allowed her. Before she could change her mind, she stood up and strode
purposefully over to Derrick and the roaring fire he'd started.

"I'd like you to teach me about submission." she said loudly. Loud enough that
Richard could hear her also.

" I can show you the acts that a submissive person will sometimes do." Derrick
began. "But the submissiveness must come from inside. It must be something you
long to do. I can show you how you should act. It's up to you to want to act
that way. To continue to seek improvement.  Since you do want to begin, the
clothes must go. As a submissive, you have no need for the clothes to be worn
other than for warmth. You should be proud of your beauty and anxious to please
us at all times. Do you think that we prefer to see you in baggy jeans and a
blouse or naked?"

"naked" she muttered her head down.

"and do you not think I deserve some form of respectful term employed when you
talk to me? Whether it be Sir, Master, or Mr. Hyatt, all sentences should
address me with respect. Do you understand?" He admonished her.

" yyyes sssir." Meredith stuttered. In her mind she was fighting the feminist
thoughts that she shouldn't have to address ANY man that way. But the other side
of the coin said that if he wanted her to call him King, she'd be only to
willing to do so.

"Now as I was saying before....strip."

Slowly Meredith kicked off her tennis shoes and peeled off her socks. She then
reached up and began to unbutton her new floral printed blouse.

"Are you hesitating Meredith?" Derrick asked. "no, no I'm not hesitating." she
insisted as she began to unbutton quicker.

"aaah, you forget so quickly. Being submissive does not mean being dumwitted.
Did I not just tell you to always address me with a form of respect? Bend over
and pull your pants down now!"

She hastened to comply. He reached over and took the belt out of her jeans, Took
her by the arm and led her over to a fallen tree. "Bend over...NOW."  Hearing
her shallowed breaths, he gave her a moment to adjust herself on her knees as
she bent over the log.  "count aloud as I administer your first punishment of 4
licks"

The first stroke caught her right across the middle of her butt making her choke
back a sob. "one sir" The second and third were quick ones that landed just
above the first one. "two sir, three sir" There was a brief pause and then
whoosh. She heard the smack before she felt it. Oh how she felt it--partially on
her buttocks and partially on her upper thighs."oooh, four sir."

"now stand up, take your jeans all the way off-along with your panties and
continue to remove your clothing."

Part 3

Meredith never considered herself shy nor particularly modest. But removing the
rest of her clothing was the hardest thing she ever had done simply because she
was ordered to do so. The jeans were bunched up around her feet so all she had
to do was step out of them.  She kicked off her shoes and slipped off her socks
with her opposite toes. She stood there in front of Derrick (and Richard who was
of course standing to the side silently taking everything in)

"Do I need to give you orders on removal of the rest of your clothes?" Derrick
asked.

"No sir" Meredith answered quietly. She slowly reached up inside her sweater and
removed her bra, pulling it thru the sleeve. (A trick Richard had always
wondered how she could accomplish so easily) .  She tossed it aside and slide
her nails into the sides of her panties and kneeled down to take them off. All
that was left hiding her nakedness was the sweater and it was next to come off.
Quickly, like ripping a bandaid off a cut, she shut her eyes and pulled the
sweater up and off her...dropping it to the ground.  First she covered her
breasts, then thought better of it and dropped her arms to her sides. Still
closing her eyes, she bowed her head.

Derrick took his first good look at his friend's wife. He'd been to social
events with her and Richard on several occassions, but he'd not been thinking of
her in a sexual way then. She was simply Richard's pretty wife. Now she was his
submissive in training and that changed the perspective. Meredith was a large
sized woman. Not big boned like an amazon woman but soft and round. She was
average heigth- about 5'5" full ample breasts, although they weren't overly
large. He guessed her to be a C cup. Her legs were short, her feet and hands
small. She kept her nails manicured.  He liked that in a woman...very neat and
feminine.  Her red painted toes were the only hint of the inner sexuality that
he was bound to bring to surface. Her long auburn hair was clasped in a barrett
in the back with only her bangs on her forehead. She stood straight but with
bowed head. Closed eyes prevented him from seeing the nervousness she felt. But
he saw it in other gestures. The hands that kept gripping and opening, the
shifting from one foot to another.

"Be still meredith. Do not move until I allow you to. Do you understand?" " yes
sir " she muttered again. Embarrased to her core. No other man since her
marriage had seen her naked.  "Open your eyes. I told you earlier you should be
proud of your beauty. Now quit the ashamed act. "

Meredith opened her eyes and saw him staring back at her. He started at her head
and slowly took in her entire appearance. The intelligent witty green eyes, the
small nose, the full lips. Then to her smooth shoulders and large beautiful
breasts. The large nipples caught his attention as he thought of other
activities for them. His eyes traveled down her round stomach to her full hips.
To her pussy, lightly haired. To her thighs and well defined calves to her
dainty feet and red toes. He liked what he saw and knew that she could be
transformed into a submissive any man would be lucky to be served by. But he
didn't tell her this.

He simply said, "Ok, now. Go and begin setting up the gear inside your tent.
When you're done, come back out to the fire."

Meredith felt a bit of let down. After the show of stripping, she'd expected
something - anything other than go set up the tent. But since it wasn't a
question she wasn't expected to reply. So she turned and started for the tent.
As she turned around, she saw Richard watching and looked at him with large
pleading wide eyes. But he simply smiled and patted her on the butt as she
passed by.

While in the tent setting up the sleeping bags and gear, the men had a chance to
talk. "So, what do you think?" Richard asked Derrick as soon as Meredith was out
of ear shot. "Do you think this is going to work"

"oh, absolutely." Derrick said as they began setting up the fire. "She longs for
the extra dominance she is not getting from you, yet she feels ashamed of it
too. Keep in mind, if you want this to truly work for the two of you, you'll
have to watch and learn and continue this after you return home. Because once
she gets a taste of this, I have a feeling there's going to be no turning back
where she's concerned. Are you sure you want this too?"

Richard was silent for a second. " I guess this is what this weekend is about.
Me learning if I can go on with this. I don't want to hurt her. I don't know her
limits. We talk about it some and she's always willing to try new things. But
I'm always scared that if we go too far that it'll ruin our relationship."

"I think what you're going to see" Derrick answered, " is the start of a new
relationship. Once you cross that line, it'll be hard to go back. I"m not saying
that 24 hours a day you'll be ordering her around or instructing her. She's too
independent and intelligent to allow that kind of a relationship.  What I think
you'll see is a shifting in your sexual relationship that will spill over into
your everyday lives too. Mostly only the 2 of you will see it, but make no
mistake, anyone in the scene will see it. "  Hearing the crunching of the
leaves, the men looked up to see Meredith coming toward them, beautiful in her
nakedness, some of the nervousness gone since she'd been doing the tasks without
her clothes. It was just a matter of getting used to it. She stood by the men
waiting her next order.

"Hey there Meredith, come and have a seat." Derrick suggested..the stern
dominance out of his voice.  Slightly surprised, Meredith grabbed a chair and
brought it up by the fire to get warm. The guys had the hot dog sticks out and
handed her one while they prepared their supper. The guys carried most of the
conversation steering it to every topic under the moon-except sex.

Feeling the warmth of the fire, Meredith settled in and was beginning to relax
when abruptly Derrick ordered, "on your knees meredith--at my feet." The shift
in his voice again caught her by surprise, but she figured that's the way the
weekend was going to go. A week-end of surprises. Hastily she fell to her knees
and felt the hard ground and the leaves and twigs digging into her knees. She
crawled to his side.

Part 4

She looked up at him with her large green eyes and he could see her slightly
trembling as she waited anxiously. "EYES DOWN!" he ordered sternly. Her eyes
went down.

"Ok, Richard, it's time for your first lesson in bondage. It's always important
to know how to bind your submissive so A) she can't get away, B) So she is in an
aestetically pleasing position for you to look at and of course C) you have easy
access to all the parts you wish."

She heard rather than saw him stand and walk around behind her. "Hands behind
your back."

Mereidith did so as the chill bumps began to work their way up her arms.

"Richard, bind her wrists and arms together." Richard lazily got up out of his
chair and grabbed a length of cord he'd had behind his back. He walked over to
Meredith and without a word began wrapping her wrists together. Then he took
another length of cord and pulled her elbows closer together-pushing her breasts
farther out. When he was finished, Derrick instructed her to stand.

"Now slowly turn around..." as she did so, Derrick was thinking. "Hmmm,
something is missing I think.  He took a length of rope from Richard and went up
to her hair and wrapped the rope around the long mane of hair. He tested the
reign by tugging slightly.  "oooh" Meredith moaned. She hated having her hair
pulled. " When she does not do as she's told quickly enough, we now have a way
to hurry her along."  Leading her with the rope leash, Derrick led Meredith over
to a pair of trees. He released the ropes that bound the arms and wrists while
explaining to Richard an easier way of tying that would allow for a quicker
release. Rapidly re-tying her arms to opposite parallel tree branches, he then
kicked her legs apart and tied them to the bases of the trees.

"Notice how in the spread eagle position, her breasts aren't as perky as when
her arms are tied behind her back. To make them look better let's try binding
them together like so..." He roughly grasped one breast and began to wrap rope
around the base while making a figure 8 design with the other breast. He then
grasped the middle of the figure 8 and tied it to a small necklace piece of rope
around her neck like a halter top.

The entire exchange had lasted so far for maybe 10 minutes, but to Meredith it
seemed like an eternity.  The men were talking about her and her body like she
wasn't even there. She was a test dummy. They would untie her arms and try
different postions. First Derrick would do it then, Richard would come over and
try it or put a different variation on it.  Occassionally one might brush his
hand against her nipple or tug on it to make it more pert. But it wasn't in a
romantic way but more of cosmetic way.  They liked how she looked when her
nipples were pert or her breasts were stuck out.

"ok, enough for tonight, we'll get her ready for bed and then get ready
ourselves." Derrick released her arms and legs from the tree and loosely tied
her hands behind her. He attached the end of her hair reign to her wrists turned
her around so that she had to walk backwards and pulled her toward the tent.

"Got everything I told you to bring?" Derrick asked Richard. Richard nodded yes.
"ok then, I'll give you the instructions and you do it. The quicker you learn,
the more assured you'll become and the transition will be easier. The trio
worked their way into the tent. Mereidith's hands were released although Derrick
kept her in line with his reign.  "Get into the sleeping bag." Meredith moved as
well as she could with her hair being pulled back by the leash. She sat on the
ground and scooted into the sleeping bag and lay on her back. Derrick ordered
her to turn on her side. He then had Richard to bind her hands behind her back
and attach them with a longer cord to her also bound feet. Her knees were bent
to allow the fetal curved position to be achieved. The bottom of the sleeping
bag was then bound on the outside to her body like a coccoon tightly encasing
her legs, hips, stomach, breasts, all the way up to her shoulder. A neck brace
like an accident victim might wear was placed around her neck and the sleeping
bag was sinched tight around the brace. No movement was possible. A black blind
fold was placed over her eyes and a large set of earphones that blocked out all
noise was placed over her ears. Richard kissed her cheek, admired his work, and
the two men stepped out of the tent. She was alone in her world right now.
-------------------

She felt the men leave the tent as she lay there in her secure nest. So many
thoughts, so little time.  No that wasn't true. She had all the time in the
world to lie there and think. With the head phones on, she could hear her heart
pounding in her ears. On one side, she was ashamed at the way she'd allowed
herself to be treated. They'd handled her like she was a piece of camping gear
that had to be stowed away for the night. No one asked, was she ok?, was this
too tight? They just did it. The other more erotic side of her brain (would that
be the left or the right side?) enjoyed the anonymity. She knew how wet she
felt. She knew how she longed for their hands to brush "accidentally" across a
nipple or her pussy.  There was no denying that deep inside she loved this kind
of treatment and wanted it to continue. So she pushed the logical side away,
tested the secure bonds and fell asleep. Sometime during the night she felt
Richard slide into the the tent next to her and curl up to her back. She relaxed
into his arms and the bondage and knew she was where she was meant to be.

The beautiful sunrise was wasted on Meredith. Her only clue that the new day had
begun was the increasing warmth in the tent. Her arms cramped and she knew she'd
been lying awake for several hours.  Richard had left her already; it must have
been while she was dozing. She'd never slept all night long in bondage. It
wasn't as easy as they described in the books! She lay there waiting for relief
to come. It came in the guise of Derrick. First he removed the headphones.

"Good morning meredith. Sleep well?" Turning her face toward the sound of his
voice, she said, "no sir I didn't. My arms cramped so bad I thought I wouldn't
make it."

"But you did make it. I'm really very proud of you.  It will get easier. I
promise. Now let's get you out of this. With the quickness that comes with years
of practice, he had her untied and unbound in record time. She came out of the
sleeping bag and once again the shyness took over. Afterall, she was in a tent,
naked with a man who wasn't her husband. Who wouldn't cross their arms over
their breasts and pull their knees up to cover their sex? Probably a smarter
submissive! Derricks face turned hard as he saw her covering manuvers. He
grabbed one of her arms and immediatly pulled her up and out of the tent.

"We WILL NOT go through this everytime." He said sternly. Bend over the chair.
Swiftly he removed his own belt. " You will count out the 8 licks you're going
to receive. That's twice as many as you received last time. Next time it will be
16. I just want you to know in advance the consequences of your actions."

Unaccustomed to the pain that ran through her body, meredith was sobbing by the
7th stroke. After the 8th stroke, Richard magically appeared and began to rub a
soothing lotion on her ass. She held on to him as hard as she could as he tried
to make the pain go away. But his words contridicted his soothing hands. " You
know that you enjoy showing off that body. Why do you bother to try and hide it
from us? You're ours to enjoy. That is your purpose now. It's what you must
strive for. By pleasing us, you'll please your self. I do not want a repeat of
that whipping. Do you understand? "

meredith was stunned. Richard never had talked like that to her. He sounded like
Derrick now.

Richard popped her butt and popped her out of her introspection. No time to
think. " Do you understand!?"

"yes Richard." she whispered.

"Not good enough. Derrick instructed you to call him sir, Master, or Mr. Hyatt.
You will extend me at least the same courtesy. I'm afterall, only your HUSBAND!"
He smacked her lotion greased ass hard one more time. " From now on, you will
address me as either Sir, Master or if we're in public, Dear Husband. Am I
understood?"

Feeling like she was talking to a stranger, but a stranger that turned her on
with his new assertive manner, she spoke loudly and clearly, "yes Master."

"Good. Now get up and begin fixing breakfast. Derrick has already started a
fire. We'll have eggs and bacon this morning. The frying pans are in the camp
box. "

He smiled to Derrick behind her back as she scrambled up off his lap and
hurridly began preparations for breakfast. Derrick grinned back. He loved
training couples this way. He'd had a long talk with Richard the night before
about tones of voice and how to gain attention with inflections. It wasn't
always what you said, but how you said it.

After breakfast, the plans of the day were announced.


"We're going on a hike." Derrick announced. Inwardly meredith groaned. If there
was one activity she hated, it was hiking. In high school she'd done everything
imaginable to avoid the track. When dating Richard she'd once gone on a hike up
a mountain and swore as she lay gasping at the top that she'd never do it again.
All that effort to get somewhere that with a good 4 wheeler, one could simply
ride.  Richard, knowing her feelings just looked at her and smiled. "I love
hiking." he said simply. Meredith knew this. He was always trying to get her to
go hiking whenever they camped but Meredith would always brush him off and
settle in with a good novel.

"I've laid out your outfit for the day over on the picnic table. Go and get into
it."

Meredith slowly walked over to the table looking for some blue jeans and a
flannel shirt. Something. But all that was there was a pair of thick socks and
hiking boots. The sinking realization hit her. That was all she was going to be
allowed to wear.

---------------------

Well, the socks and shoes weren't the only thing she got to wear. Let's not
forget the dreaded leash that this time had a modification. The neck brace was
again put on and the leash threaded so that Richard in front of her could pull
her along or Derrick could pull her from behind. She felt like a prisoner of
war...without the uniform. She was given a walking stick and off they went. At
first it wasn't too bad.  Afterall, they were at the top of a hill and going
down hill. But then they started wandering off the natural path. Branches
scraped her face then her breasts and her ass. Occassionally, she'd stumble and
then the leashes would tighten. She learned to walk carefully.

After an eternity of walking, (probably about an hour) they reached a beautiful
opening. A stream flowed in front of them and trees dotted the landscape. A log
lay across the stream connecting the two banks. No noise but Meredith's panting
and the occasional squeak of the birds could be heard. Butterflies gathered at
the edge of the water in groups. It was a sight that was so beautiful, Meredith
could only stare in amazement.  "how BEAUTIFUL!" Meredith exclaimed.

"Isn't it though!" Richard agreed. "But you would never have seen this if you'd
stayed back at the campsite reading, 'Tales of an orgy' now would you?"

"No sir." Meredith agreed. Richard smiled at her use of the sir.

"Let's get her down there." Derrick interrupted.  Confused at what he meant,
Meredith looked around.  Where were they taking her? Stumbling again down the
path, they headed for the stream. Richard led her toward the banks, stopping
first to take off her socks and boots. Then the two men led her down into the
water. Oooh the coold cold water. Carefully picking her way thru the rocks (she
had a tendency to slip and sprain ankles) they pulled her to the log that
connected the two banks. The water was only about knee high but rushing rather
quickly. Derrick took her leash and held it behind the log while Richard secured
her arms to the log that lay above her head.  Her first instinct was to
struggle. But what good would it serve? Two men, lots of rope and her naked and
in a leash did not lend it's self to logical struggle. So there she was secured
and blindfolded.  The earphones left off this time so she could hear
nature...and all that was there.

Richard kissed her cheek, "trust me, love" and then the two men strode out of
the water. Nothing else.

"Where are you going?" She yelled. "Come back! You can't leave me here. What if
I fall?" But that wasn't likely. Her arms and shoulders were securly tied to the
log...if she did fall, she'd be supported by her arms until she could regain her
footing.

"What if someone comes and sees me? Please! I'll be good. I promise. No more
complaining about the hike. Please come back!" But no one answered her cries. 
She was all alone with the sounds of nature and at first it wasn't too bad. The
water was cold, but she was growing used to it. THe worst part was that every
sound was intensified. That and the fish. She could feel them as they'd swim
past her feet and ankles.  What if it were a snake? So she squirmed and wiggled,
her back becoming scrapped by the log.

The last words Richard had said were Trust me. But how could she trust him when
he'd left her out like this. Left her alone abandoned in the woods where who
knows what could be. This was not what she'd bargained for. When she'd agreed to
become his submissive, she'd had visions of being tied up and "tortured" til she
came. Having her ass swatted occassionally. Gropping of hands. That sort of
thing. Not being bound in her sleep, spanked until she cried for minor
infractions, and left in a creek to be fish food. He was asking for more of a
commitment. It occured to her he was testing her.  Seeing if she would take what
he was dishing out for no other reason than it was what he wanted. But then she
remembered the smile on his face when she called him sir. The look of pride when
she stumbled into the clearing having made the hike. He wasn't just trying to
punish her, but make her grow too. Grow as a submissive who trusted him to make
the right decisions and to grow as a person. So she pushed aside her fear of the
unknown (and the fish and snakes that she just KNEW were there) and waited for
him to return.

A while later, they returned...who knows how long it was, Lord knows Meredith
had no idea. The men splashed in the water laughing and joking. Derrick again
quickly untying the unreachable knots and Richard kissing her as she was was
allowed to have the blindfold removed and the bright sun rushed into her eyes.
"Did you trust me?" he asked?

She thought about if and replied honestly, "Not at first. I was angry that you'd
left me. But then I thought about it and I worked it out in my mind and yes, I
trust you. I knew you'd be back for me and that you wouldn't let me get hurt."

"That's right my love. "Richard said. "as a matter of fact, I never left your
sight. I was just beyond the trees the entire time. Trust will grow as we do."

He led her out of the water and up on the bank, towelled off her legs and helped
her back into her socks and boots. " Let's go back to the campsite." He said.
But again the leash was put on her and the same positions assumed. IT was almost
comforting. Not the uphill trek, but the bondage that helped keep her in place,
psycologically and physically.

When they reached the campsite, Derrick removed her leash and neck brace. " It's
my time to work with you now. Richard, leave us alone. Meredith, it's now time
for your next lesson."


----------------------

Richard took a long look at Meredith, squeezed her arm and turned away. It was
hard for him to do. While he encouraged Derrick's help in learning the ways of
being a Dom, it was hard to leave his wife alone with Derrick...especially
knowing Derricks ways of discipline. Derrick had prepared him, but what can
really prepare you for that.

Meredith, however, had no idea what to expect. So when Derrick ordered her to
her knees at his feet, she quickly complied, ready, she thought for whatever new
"training" Derrek issued.

"That was a long hike meredith, my legs are sore. Why arn't you massaging them?"

"I'm sorry Sir, I didn't know you wished me to." As enthusiastically as she
could she started at the ankles and began massaging.

"Thats part of being a submissive. Anticipating what your Master wants and /or
needs. And putting those needs ahead of your own. So that when your needs are
satisfied, the feeling of relief is even greater. For not anticipating my needs,
you will be punished.  Don't you agree you should?"

Meredith hung her head. She was confused. How on earth was she supposed to know?

"By your silence, I take it you don't agree. But in actuality, it doesn't matter
if you agree or not.  I've deemed it necessary. Stop massaging and bend over my
lap. "

Meredith did as instructed.

" 5 licks is the normal punishment that will be administered. Count them loudly
or as usual they will be doubled."

And so the lessons began. By the 5th stroke, Meredith was barely able to call
out 5, but the fear of having 10 more strokes gave her the motivation.

"Now wipe the tears. " He was slowly circling her butt with his hand as he
explained his actions. "meredith, I could have simply asked you to massage my
legs and you would have enthusiastically done so. As would most any wife or
lover for their partner. But as submissive, you MUST anticipate your Master's
needs. And by my spanking you to correct you, you will now remember it. "

He helped her off his lap and lowered her back to her knees. "now, where were
we? Oh yes, your training was beginning. " He withdrew a coin from his pocket
and tossed it on the ground a few feet away. " Now fetch the quarter back for
me...using only your teeth. "

Meredith looked at him in disbelief. He had to be joking.

:"NOW, or do I need to pull my whip back out?" Her ass still on fire, she didn't
want to aggravate him further, but she wasn't a DOG! Never-the-less, she found
herself trotting after the coin. As she bent down, her hair flew into her face
and eyes and she lost sight of the coin. She tilted her head to the side
swishing her hair aside. She lowered her head and slowly picked up the coin
along with dirt and pine straw with her teeth. Fully embarrassed, she slowly
crawled back to him and dropped the coin in his hand.

"You seemed to lack enthusiasm for that job. I expect to see more enthusiasm
this time. But maybe you need to feel more of the part. He took the pine straw
that she had brought with the quarter and scooped up more from the ground. He
found some twine in his pocket that wrapped he wrapped around the straw. He then
stuck it in her ass.

"Now you have a tail. Maybe now you'll feel like the retriever you are. Now
fetch the coin again. And with enthusiasm." He tossed the coin further this
time. "FETCH" And so the game continued. Her embarrassment continuing as the
itching "tail" poked and prodded inside her ass. She came back this time in a
faster time and he patted her head.  "Good girl....now again." The game
continued until meredith felt she could crawl no more. Her knees were sore, her
mouth tasted like dirt and she felt lower than she'd ever felt before in her
life.

"Meredith, you've done a good job. You've done as I asked and you've done it
well. What I'm showing you is that regardless of what task you're given, you
must do it enthusiastically and without regard to yourself. You do because I or
your other Master tells you to.  You do not question. You just do. That's where
the trust comes in. You must trust that we are telling you to do something for a
reason. And I know you must be thinking to yourself, why did he make me do such
a demeaning act. The reasons do not have to be explained to you, but this time I
will. I wanted to humble you. To make you see nothing but the coin and pleasing
me."

" Now, you may stand and go down to the creek. Wash off and join us at the
campfire ring."

Meredith paused a second, leaned down and kissed Derrick's foot and smiled
weakly. "thank you sir."  Hardly recognizing her own voice, she stood and made
her way down the path.

----------------

Meredith headed down the path toward the creek stunned and amazed at  her recent
behavior and the feelings that accompanied it. When she'd first begun the
humiliating game of fetch, she'd felt nothing but  shame and repulsion at the
way she was being treated and the way she  was allowing herself to be treated.
But as the game went on, it  became a challenge to see how fast she could
retrieve the coin. She  stopped dwelling on what others would think if they saw
her and began  thinking only of Derrick's smile and touch as she dropped the
coin in  his hand. When at last he allowed her to stop and he held her and  told
her what a wonderful job she'd done, the  accomplishment of  pleasing him was
overwelming. And when she'd impulsively kissed him  on the foot, her voice
seemed to belong to someone else.

She reached the creek and stepped into the cold water. She wadded  down and
began to wash her dirt stained knees and feet and her sweat  drenched body. She
was thinking about what she'd fix for dinner  tonight and how she could serve it
to the men in a special way. She  drip dried her way back up to the campsite as
she thought of different  ways to please Richard and Derrick. Meredith had never
spent this  much time without any clothes on, but now her nudity seemed only 
natural. In the past day, her body taken on a tan that rarely occured. Her
breasts were a pink that they'd never been and her ass was getting a light tan
hue that was foreign to it. Meredith began to feel proud of her new look. She
brushed out her long hair with her hands as best she could and headed back to
the camp site.

The men had apparently been busy while she'd been away. She walked  into the
campsite to see a huge X that had been erected of a sawed in  half tree. Wide
eyed, Meredith could only stare.  From her reading,  she knew it was a crude
imitation of a St. Andrew's Cross. She also  knew what it was for. 2 days ago,
she'd have turned around and run  away. Today however, she stared, swallowed
hard and continued up to  the men's area. She walked between Derrick and Richard
and knelt down between them simply awaiting her next command.


Richard was amazed at the difference in her. She was so so so  submissive...and
composed. Before, she'd always struggled with him  and he'd had to force her to
obey. That wasn't the case now. She  knelt there simply waiting for one of them
to speak.

Richard broke the silence, "Mmmm, you look a heck of a sight better.  I just
started up a fire, why don't you get dinner going? We've got a  few more things
to do."

"Yes sir." Meredith chirped as she stood up and headed for the food  boxes.
Richard staring at her in awe. He turned to Derrick. "I  don't know how you did
it, but I barely recognize her. "

"Oh she'll slip into her old ways, don't you think she won't. But  that's when
you correct her. Now let's get things finished for tonight." With that, the men
went to work while Meredith took care of the "women's work."


"That was a delicious dinner Meredith! I'm stuffed.  And the presentation was
simply devine" Richard said as he stretch back on  the ground and grinned.

"Thank you sir, I love to cook, you know that!"  Meredith smiled.  She'd served
the food on her hands and knees with all the platters of  food on her back.
She'd crawled to each man and allowed him to pick  his food off her back , her
breasts dangling and swaying as she  carefully made her way along the ground,
ass high in the air. When  they were done, they fixed her a plate and forced her
to stay on all  fours and eat out of the dish...with no utensils.  Then she was 
ordered to lick herself clean. Especially made interesting with the  ketchup and
mustard that had accumulated on her breast and belly.

Meredith was still on all fours waiting for her next command.

Derreck spoke next. "up Meredith. Come with me."  Meredith stood and  followed
Derrick over to the giant X that had loomed over the campsite all afternoon. She
hadn't dared ask about it or question what they had in mind.

"Tonight is very important meredith." Derrick began as he began  lashing her
wrists over her head to the hooks in the X. "Tonight you  decide yes or no if
your life is to continue in this fashion." He  then lashed her ankles to the
bottom. "You make a commitment tonight,  that will be as binding as any oath
you've ever taken. You will or you won't decide to commit yourself as Richard's
submissive...turning  over control of ALL things to him. You will decide to let
him decide.  Whatever he commands, you will do without question."

With her securely afixed to the cross, he removed a long black scarf  from his
back pocket and placed it over her eyes.  Then he pulled a  set of nipple clips
from another pocket and clamped them to her already budding nipples. She gasped
in pain, but bit back any comment.

"the bonds are to hold you during the pain, the blindfold to force you  to rely
on us to do what is right...and the clamps, well they're just  for adornment. I
just happen to love big tits with clamps on them."  He jiggled them for good
measure.

He stepped away for a minute then returned. He spoke in a loud  booming
authoritative voice that made meredith jump and lean toward  his sound.

"Tonight all things change for you meredith. In the past, Richard and  you have
been a partnership in all things.  Financially, Domestically,  and Physically.
But after tonight that changes. You will agree to  submit to Richard's authority
on all things regarding finances. Richard will asssume all control of your bank
account and the credit cards. He will give you what spending money you need and
he will  approve all purchases. While your name will still remain on all 
documents in case of an emergency, you will not be allowed to use them  without
Richard's express permission. You will now always sign your  name with a lower
case m to signify your submissiveness. Richard is  now responsible for providing
for you and all of your needs. You are  reliant on him for all things.

In the past, you have shared all the chores and responsibilities of  the house.
Because Richard so desires it, he will occassionally still  do some of the
cooking, but everything else regarding the house will  be your responsibility.
The house is always to be in impecable shape.  The yard will also become your
responsibility.

All the above rules are subject to change when and if Richard sees the  need.

ANd the final area is the physical realm. Previously, you and Richard have been
sexual partners. That will now change. You will be  partners with whomever
Richard deems. It is his perogative to share  you with whomever he desires. And
likewise, he now may choose to use  other women as he desires...with or with out
you.

Do you understand the new perameters that will surround your  relationship
should you choose...for the rest of your lives?"

Voice quivering, meredith answered, "yes Mr. Hyatt."  The term master  now was
saved for only Richard.

"Richard, do you agree to financially, emotionally and physically care for your
wife and submissive meredith for as long as you two live?"

With a solemness that meredith had never heard before, Richard  answered as he
had 6 years before on their wedding day. "I do."

"And do you meredith, vow to submit to all that Richard decrees?"

This time, she spoke loudly and clearly. " I do."

"Then at this time you will be branded as Richard's submissive."

Without giving her time to think or react, Richard immediatly applied  a brand
of his initials RM to Meredith's belly. She screamed as the  brand pushed into
the soft fleshy stomach area above her belly button.

She smelled the acrid odor of flesh burning and strained against the  ropes
briefly before passing out into her bonds.

-------------------------

She awoke the next morning in somewhat of fog. She struggled to sit up, but
found she was bound as she had been the night before in her sleeping bag
bondage. She could see nothing and could barely move, so she simply relaxed back
in her bonds. No need to struggle, Richard would be there to take care of her
soon. She lay back and waited in silence and darkness.

Soon, as she predicted, Richard tip toed in the tent.  He began removing her
bondage and was treating her delicately. When her bondage was removed, he bent
down to inspect the brand. After she'd passed out the night before, they'd taken
her down, cleaned and treated the wound and put her to bed. Richard held her
tightly hardly able to contain his excitement over the new developement in their
relationship. He held her in his arms and whispered into her ear, "You're mine,
all mine. And I'll take care of you forever."  meredith contentedly snuggled
deeper into his embrace.

A few hours later, the tent had been folded up, the camp site cleaned and the
suv loaded up. The former St. Andrew's cross tossed back into the woods that
someone else might find it and enjoy it's many uses.  meredith had been running
about helping to strike the site but as of yet still had on no clothes. It was
getting closer to time to leave and meredith could not help but wonder how she
was going to be taken back to civilization. The old Meredith would have simply
thrown on a pair of shorts and tee, but the new meredith waited to be instructed
her clothing of the day.  Richard finally came to her and handed her a dress to
put on. Wear this today...we'll find "more suitable" outfits that fit your new
station once we get home.  meredith looked at the short small dress and drew in
a breath. But she did not argue or question the lack of undergarments. she
simply slid the dress on and felt the tight fabric acentuate her breasts and
hide very little. Derrick smiled at the couple and knew that his work was
done...oh he was sure he'd be called in for consultant work later on, but the
transformation of Meredith into meredith was complete. Her bowed head, the way
she naturally got into the back seat as they prepared to leave, the way she
opened the door for Richard then Derrick, these small tasks showed that the
submissive had finally won out in meredith...and she couldn't have been happier.

####




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  georgiagin


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





