BDSM Library - The Heist




The Heist
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: Young model visits a New York gambling casino and suffers through a humiliating ordeal during a hold up.
The Heist

It was Saturday night in the Big Apple and up until now a rather typical night
at Gino's. Gino's wasn't located in the greatest area nor was it much to look at
from the outside but once you entered and walked down a flight of cement stairs
you were suddenly in a gambler's mecca, the gaming tables were worthy of Monte
Carlo or Las Vegas, it was equipped with two bars with scantily clad waitresses
serving drinks to the players. The players at Gino's were not punks or grifter
types from off the street but wealthy, well dressed men, some in tuxedos, some
with equally dressed girlfriends and escorts, the wealthy and elite felt safe
here as it was well known that Gino had friends in high places and had never
even once been raided in all of his years in business.

Gino smiled as he looked over his packed casino, crowded even for a Saturday
evening. He glanced at his watch, it was just about ten o'clock, as was his
policy in another hour he would stop admitting new patrons into the club,
although the ones inside could go on until the wee hours of the morning, that
policy had proven to work for him, the crowd would slowly dwindle down through
attrition and then in early morning he would have no trouble getting the few
hanger oners out of the club.

Even with all the noise and activity going on most of the patrons took notice of
Alan Curtiss, the Texas oil baron, dressed in a stylish tuxedo as he walked
slowly down the flight of stairs leading to the casino. But it really wasn't Mr.
Curtiss that caught their attention but rather the lovely creature on his arm,
the well known New York model, Tanya Danner, her stunning red evening gown,
split up the sides showing off her long, shapely legs, contrasted beautifully
with her flowing blonde hair. The gown was cut low but concealed most of her
obviously well endowed chest, matching, red three inch heel pumps completed her
ensemble except for the sparkling jewellery that adorned her richly suntanned
skin.

At that same instant only some two blocks away a Muscular blackman sat at a
table in a dingy room above a small produce market, also sitting at the table
were three other black men and two black women.

"Alright" he said,"We've gone over this many times and you all know what to do,
all of Gino's clientele know that there is no admittance after eleven, so once
in there we can take all of the time we need so don't panic or rush and only use
the names we've made up, no real names."




Part 2

Just a few minutes before eleven o' clock Alan Curtiss was on a hot streak, had
made 5 passes in a row at the crap table and before each and every throw his
stunning companion Tanya had blown on the dice for good luck, which up until
that time had been working to perfection. At precisely eleven o' clock the luck
ran out as all hell broke loose at Gino's night spot. The guard stationed at the
front of Gino's was being roughly shoved down the stairs by a black man, right
behind him were two other blacks, a man and a woman. Almost simultaneously the
guard from the rear entrance was also being brought into the main casino area by
two black men and a black woman, all six wore ski masks and all were armed with
pistols equipped with silencers. The muscular leader was wearing a tight fitting
tee-shirt and jeans, the sound of his pistol discharging could hardly be heard
but the clinking sound of breaking glass raining from an overhead chandelier and
the blackman's deep, demanding voice to quiet down or be shot brought quick
order to the panicked crowd. The six acted as a precision team, Gino standing by
helplessly and angry as two of the males quickly had his burly guards
blindfolded with tape and laying on the floor, handcuffed together with hands
behind their backs. While a third black male was emptying out the money bins
beneath the blackjack and crap tables and stuffing it in a large cloth bag the
leader ordered the men to line up against one wall and the ladies against
another. As Tanya made a move towards the wall with the other ladies as ordered
the muscular black leader placed the tip of the barrel of his revolver very
lightly against her rib cage.

"Not you blondie, you stand right here next to me."

As he spoke, the black in charge had the two black girls walk down the line of
males and females, each one holding open a large cloth bag.

"I want wallets, cash and jewellery, anyone caught holding back will be shot,
and yes ladies that includes your wedding rings, if it's not your husband your
with then shame on you."

The frightened captives complied without question, believing his threats to be
true. Tanya stood by watching the bags being filled with valuables, thinking
once again that her beautiful looks had as usual given her a free ride in life.




Part 3

But nothing could have been further from the truth, when all of the cash and
valuables had been collected the young muscular black man turned his attention
towards Tanya.

"Alright Ms. New York model lady it's now time to collect your assets."

With a look of why not on her disgusted face, Tanya held her handbag out to the
young girl who had collected from the line of females.

"Not so fast sweetheart," the man in charge spoke, his voice soft but clear.
"We'll collect your goodies in due time but first I want to see just what you
have to offer."

The blonde model stood motionless as he slowly circled around her as if taking
mental inventory of her obvious assets, until once again he stood directly in
front of her.

"Ok blondie, I want you to sit down on the nice plush carpet for me"

"What?" came Tanya's reply.

"I'm sure my diction is perfect Ms. Danner and I am standing right next to you
so I am not going to repeat myself."

Tanya shrugged her shoulders, again showing her disgust but did sit on the
floor. Her evening gown was slit up the sides making it somewhat easier for her
to sit but it was still awkward, the hem rising up exposing much of her long,
shapely legs.

""I think we'll start with your lovely red evening gown Ms. Danner, please
remove it without standing up and place it in the young girl's bag."

Tanya was startled by the request. "Like hell I will."

Without hesitation the young black walked directly over to Alan Curtiss and
pointed his pistol at him. It sounded like an air rifle but Alan Curtiss dressed
in his tux flew back hard against the wall screaming and grabbing at his right
shoulder. His assailant then returned to Tanya still sitting on the floor and
looked down at her.

"You don't do exactly as I say and the next one hits him right between the
eyes."

Curtiss was sitting on the floor, his back resting against the wall, his right
sleeve seeping with blood, his voice strained and desperate.

"For god sakes Tanya, do what he says."

It was like time stood still for Alan but it was actually only several seconds
but the young black moved towards him once again before being stopped by Tanya.

"No, wait, I'll do it."

While still sitting, Tanya pulled the expensive red evening gown off of her
shoulders, then laid on her back while pushing it's snug fit under her raised
buttocks and down over her hips, then sat up and pulled it off of her legs. The
young black girl held out her open bag to the young blonde.

Tanya looked up at the guy giving the orders.

"But I'm going to need the dress for when I leave."

All he said was, "Put it in the bag honey."

Tanya virtually threw her red evening dress into the open end of the bag and now
sat on the floor in front of the guests and the thieves dressed in nothing but a
white silk bra, a white silk thong and a pair of red heels, her deeply tanned
legs bore no hosiery.

"Woweee honey, you are some kind woman, now please kindly remove your bra, if
you don't your boyfriend is a dead man, in fact if you don't do it in a hurry
he's a dead man."

Afraid not to, Tanya reluctantly reached behind her back, unclasped her bra and
tossed it into the bag held out in front of her by the black girl. Soft murmurs
could be heard throughout the crowd as her breasts sprung free, bouncing and
shaking on her nervously heaving chest. Tanya's breasts were larger than most
models, round and hard with a little obvious help from a plastic surgeon. 

The young black played with the blonde, enjoying humiliating her.

How much did you pay for those babies, Ms, New York model?"

A no response from Tanya angered the black youth.

"I ought to go over there right now and shoot your boyfriend, in fact I think I
will."

"I paid twenty thousand dollars for them," Tanya blurted out.

Her tormentor smiled, having such control over this blonde beauty.

"Get on your knees sweetheart and face the line of ladies over there." "That's a
good girl, now raise your arms above your head and thrust those suckers out
there for them to get a good look at."

The black youth whispered something into Tanya's ear and then she spoke while
holding this forced posture for all of the room to see and hear.

"Ladies you shouldn't be jealous of me, my teats are fake, I paid twenty
thousand dollars for them."

The sadistic youth was eating this up.

"That's a good girl, now come sit in front of me here."

Eager to end her posing session, Tanya scrambled, kneeling at his feet.




Part 4

The rear of the blonde's thong was nothing more than a wisp of material wedged
between the crack of her ass, the entirety of her twin sun-kissed globes visible
to both lines of prisoners as she knelt submissively in front of the muscular
black man.

"Everyone here, including youself sweetheart knows exactly what goes next, now
don't we?"

Tanya didn't speak but a slight, almost involuntary nodding of her head could be
detected, her pale blue eyes now filled with tears wetted her rapidly flickering
lashes, her mascara smudging the flesh of her high cheek bones. The humiliated
blonde turned towards the line of men, sobbing.

"Please won't somebody help me?"

The young black smiled, none of the men spoke, some just stared at her while
others turned their faces away. Almost as if resigned to the inevitable Tanya
stripped away her last vestige of clothing and obediently tossed the thong into
the cloth bag along with the rest of the clothing she had worn into the club
earlier that evening. The ring leader of the group could clearly see the model's
slightly parted slit, the slit being clean shaven with just a spot of neatly
trimmed, light blonde hair right above it. Despite the heart felt pity for the
degraded girl, It was a highly charged, erotic tableau that was presented to the
captive patrons this evening, a gorgeous, naked blonde kneeling abjectly at the
feet of a  muscular black man, her superb, bronzed body adorned only by the
sparkling glitter of the expensive jewellery she wore.

Tanya kept her eyes cast downward, her breasts bobbing up and down as she fought
back tears of humiliation and rage. First she removed her tear-drop earrings and
dropped them into the goody bag, then the pearl necklace, followed by the gold
watch, four rings and even her gold ankle chain. The large cloth bag held by the
young black girl now contained everything the blonde model had had on her person
when she first walked into the club.

Tanya curled up on the carpet, hiding her nudity as best she could, the black
leader regarding her from above, smiling, his white teeth flashing.

"Just the way you entered the world from your momma's womb, except maybe for
those fake titties."

Tanya remained still, her head cradled in the crook of her arm while he took
humiliating liberties with her breasts, massaging and kneading them to his own
pleasure. He then guided the young model, on  hands and knees by a handful of
blonde hair until she was kneeling in front of a chair in which he sat down in.

"It's getting late sweetheart and our date is just about over with, let me
remind you, even more so now, should you hesitate to please me for just one
second your boyfriend gets one in the head. The boss man motioned to one of his
cohorts who immediately walked over and placed a gun to the already wounded
man's temple.

"I only need to give the word blondie, so don't disappoint me."

With this the young black spread his Jean clad legs and indicated what was
expected of the beautiful model. Tanya pretty much lost control, sobbing
hysterically and screaming out.

"Oh god, somebody do something, somebody help me, please."

He raised a hand towards where his partner held the gun to Alan's head, then
lowered it as Tanya began to unbuckle his belt, a few murmurs sprinkled through
the crowd as she did so, she then unfastened the button at the top of his fly
and pulled the zipper down, the black man raised up slightly allowing her to
slide his jeans down around his ankles. Another sound could be heard, mostly
gasps from the women's side when Tanya lowered his boxer shorts, his half erect
manhood was enormous. The muscular black man smiled widely from the reaction.
The young blonde had never been with a black man but she was now eyeball to
eyeball with the largest cock she had ever seen, she knew she would never be
able to deepthroat this piece of meat without strangling herself. Tanya also
knew that she would have to get the black man off or this nightmare would never
come to an end so she began to masturbate him in earnest but he put an end to
that almost immediately.

"Put my balls in your pretty little mouth." He ordered the blonde. 

That was no easy task, his testicles were gigantic, the blonde had to open wide
and then literally stuff them in her mouth, even then she could only take in one
at a time, with her cheeks bloated she could feel the stirring of his scrotums
inside her mouth as his testes filled with his rapidly flowing seed that he
would soon deposit in the very pit of her belly.

The young black was iron-hard now and demanding full service from his blonde
captive, sensing she was avoiding what was inevitable he pulled her head up by
her yellow tresses until she slipped her mouth over the bulbous head of his
prick. It wasn't that Tanya had never sucked cock before, in fact she thought
herself quite proficient but she had never had any cock near this size in her
mouth, let alone her throat. The young blonde sucked and licked but each time
she took too much of him into her mouth, her stomach would withdraw and wretch
and she would have to pull off. Due to the enormity of his prick this was not an
unusual occurrence for him but he was still amused by the beautiful model's
futile struggle. Nevertheless Tanya was getting to him, just the thought of his
big black prick spurting his semen down the uppity blonde's throat was enough to
get him off. When finally he felt the impending eruption close at hand he
motioned to one of the black girls who caught Tanya off guard and pushed on the
back of her head forcing the entire length of black cock down her throat, her
stomach belched and heaved but the girl held her face flush against his loins.
Tanya couldn't breathe, her face turning bright red, tears literally forced from
her eye sockets as the black man sprayed her throat with one discharge after
another of his pearly cream.

The robbers cut all of the phone lines and assured Gino and his patrons that 
someone would be waiting for one hour at each exit with a high powered rifle and
would shoot the first person that attempted to leave the club before one hour
had expired.

Poor Tanya was laying in a heap on the floor, her stomach still convulsing,
vomiting a mixture of her dinner and the black man's cum trough her mouth and
nostrils. The man that had just raped her throat leaned over and whispered to
her.

"I enjoyed your company sweetheart and I'll see you again real soon, the next
time I'll test that sweet little pussy of yours and see if you can handle a real
man, don't forget I will see you again, expect me every night when you come
home, expect me where you least expect me."

With that said, he gave the blonde model a resounding slap on the buttocks and
they all left.

               END




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Leones


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





