BDSM Library - Sins of the Father




Sins of the Father
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: A girl and her two sisters fall victim to their father's ex-partner and his twisted need for revenge.
Sins of the Father

"This isn't happening, this isn't fucking happening!"  Nina's dark eyes are
wide, her knees pulled up as she cringes under the office desk.  A fresh spate
of automatic weapon fire, more screaming, crashing in the dining room.  She
moans, begins rocking back and forth, her breath coming in short, wet gasps.

The day had started off normally enough-school, then work.  Her father's
restaurant, she works evenings with her older sister, serving customers,
clearing tables.  No pay-her father is from the old country, he believes that
children should contribute to the household, aid their families with no thought
of compensation.  But the tips are good, and Nina considers herself lucky-not
many 16 year olds earn enough in tips to buy their own car. 

It had been a busy night, a large banquet scheduled for 8 pm.  Nina had
protested-she had a date.  But her father had insisted, telling her that he
could not be there, so she must, and she had relented unhappily.  Her mother had
come down to help serve, a rarity lately, her pregnancy far advanced.  Even her
little sister, only 13, had come down.  But with 150 guests, the sisters needed
any help they could get.

Nina had served them.  The men who had later stood, weapons in hand, and begun
firing into the crowded dining room.  They had seemed so nice, warm.  Excellent
tippers, and Greek, always a treat.  She'd just been leaving the kitchen when
the gunfire erupted, loud.  So loud.  She'd dropped her tray, cartwheeled back
into the kitchen, screaming.  She'd picked up the office phone, started to dial
911, but the kitchen doors slamming open had driven her under the desk, beyond
the reach of the phone cord.

Nina gasps, holds her breath as the office door opens.  She can hear the
breathing, see the man's feet, his legs.  She pulls her legs in tighter, her
eyes huge, terrified.  He stands before the desk, expensive shoes reflecting the
golden light of her father's brass lamp. 

"Nina . . . " the man's voice is light, lilting, "Niiiiinnnaaa, where are you?" 

Nina stifles a sob, trembling violently.

"Nina, come out, come out wherever you are," the man is laughing softly as he
pulls the phone up by the cord, puts an ear to the receiver.  He nods at the
dead line, unplugs the phone cord from both ends, grasping it tightly in one
hand.  "Nina, honey, it's okay now, it's all over," his voice smooth,
reassuring, "come on out, everything's okay now."

Nina whines, her eyes hopeful even as she shakes her head.  He freezes, his head
jerking toward the sound. 

"Come on, sweetie, it's all right, come to Hal." 

Hal?  Nina's eyes widen.  Hal, Victor Halkidis, her father's ex-business
partner.  He'd always been 'Uncle Hal' to her.  A falling out two years ago had
left the partners estranged, but she still thought fondly of him, remembered the
endless supply of candies from his coat pocket.  What was he doing here?  Nina
begins to sob, unfolding her long legs to crawl from under the desk.

Hal smiles appreciatively as her shapely legs appear from under the desk,
followed by her plump, firm breasts, her sweet, wide-eyed face.  "That's a good
girl," he nods, extending a hand, "sweet little girl." 

Nina reaches for his hand, then jerks back as she spies the gun in his grasp. 
Her eyes widen, she screams as she scrambles forward, tries to crawl past him.

Hal reaches out easily, grabs her thick, black hair, throws her against the
desk, leaning in hard behind her, trapping her as he grapples for her scraping,
flailing hands.  He binds her securely with the phone cord, her arms wrenched
back painfully behind her.  He lingers for a moment, enjoys the squirming of her
soft ass under his crotch.

Nina stares, begins screaming anew, sobbing as the kitchen doors swing open to
reveal the carnage.  Her mother's body, chest a dark tangle of blood and rent
flesh, lies draped backward over the serving cart, dull eyes wide, unseeing. 
Nina sways on her feet, eyes fixed on her mother's swollen belly before rolling
up, fluttering shut.

Nina awakens, moans thickly.  A car, she is in a car, she feels the road
whirring under the tires.  She tries to move, her eyes flickering dumbly as she
finds herself unable.  She pulls, her eyes widening as she realizes her ankles
are bound to her thighs, hands still trapped behind her.  A shrill, muffled
whining brings her attention about, she looks up from the floor of the backseat,
sees Nicole-her little sister--above her, belly down, face shoved deep into the
upholstery.  Her hands are bound tightly behind her, legs kicking helplessly
against the seat, the window.  Nina begins to scream as she realizes that a man
is heaving above her, his thick, dark cock plunging into the girl's small virgin
hole, his hand planted cruelly on the back of her head.

"N-no!"  Nina strains, struggles to rise to her knees, "NO, no, please, she's
just a baby, please!" 

The man laughs harshly, thrusting harder, thrilling to Nicole's muffled cries,
her desperate twisting, writhing.  "My name is Miko," he leers at Nina, slamming
viciously as he speaks, "we're going to get to know each other very well." 
Laughing harder, he sets to slamming fast, furiously, eliciting tortured,
muffled grunts from the small girl under him.  He pants, begins groaning loudly
as his cock swells in her torn pussy, begins shooting his thick, hot load into
her.  He collapses forward, crushing her into the seat as his hips continue
jerking, thrusting, fucking his spunk deep.  Nicole drags her head to the side,
pulls deep, tortured breaths.  Her eyes are wide, expression stunned, agonized.

"Shhh," Nina leans painfully, having finally achieved her knees.  She nuzzles
her cheek against Nicole's, her voice low, soothing, "hush, sweetheart, hush. 
It'll be okay, I promise, I promise."  She kisses Nicole's sweaty brow tenderly,
"I'm here, I'm here."  She keeps her head down, trying to tune out the gagging
noises coming from the front seat.  Helene, Nina's older sister, is on her knees
on the front passenger side floor, hands bound behind her as a man pushes her
head down on his cock, filling her throat, choking her with it.

Helene gags, retches dryly, her nostrils flaring as her face is forced down
against the man's fat belly.  She twists furiously, struggling to pull back far
enough to draw a breath.  Her jaws strain, she stares wildly at the dark, curly
hair of his stomach, her throat constricting hard around him.  Tears flow, her
mind dully protests that this can't really be happening.  Her eyes squeeze shut
as the sour, spurting cum fills her mouth, her throat.  She chokes, gasps,
sputtering as she struggles to swallow. 

Hal glances from the road, nods approvingly, his knuckles white as he grasps the
wheel.  "That is Nicolas, you like him?  He likes you, I think."  He laughs at
Helene's miserable moans.


"Your father?"  Hal's voice is angry, deafening in the small shack, "You have no
father, he has no daughters!"  He stomps, his fists clenched, "He stole from me,
he robbed me, and I now have my payment!"

"But-" Nina's voice is small, fearful, "but how can we help pay you?"

Hal laughs cruelly, bends to grab her by the hair, dragging her to a dirty sofa
near the shed wall,  "You help pay me?  You ARE my payment!"  Tossing her down,
he falls on her, his hips grinding against her obscenely as he begins tearing at
her blouse. "Now he has no wife, no baby, his daughters are shamed, whores!"

Nina screams, twisting under him as her shirt gives way, her round, soft breasts
exposed.  He grasps one, squeezing, pinching as his other hand reaches down,
begins jerking her skirt up around her waist.  Unzipping his fly, he forces a
calloused finger into her tight pussy, guiding his cock into her as she bucks,
squeals.  He groans as her hymen gives way, his thrusts ripping, cruel.  Nina
sobs, gasps under him, her bound hands trapped, grinding into her back as he
rides her mercilessly.  Her wide eyes dart wildly, settle on Helene.  She shakes
her head violently as Miko descends upon her sister, shoving her to her face on
the floor.  Helene screams shrilly as his cock pushes into her tight, dry cunt.

Hal pants, sweating furiously as he heaves, thrusts.  She is so tight, so small
under him, her wild writhing driving him to the edge over and over.  He frowns
as he realizes that her attention is torn now, her eyes fixed on her sister, on
Miko's violent thrusts, Helene's tortured cries.  He grabs her hair, jerks her
head hard, grasping her face in his hand, fingers digging into her cheeks.  "Pay
attention, you stupid cow," his words are punctuated by driving, cramping
thrusts, "pay attention, learn!"  Grunting, he slams into her, his cock
swelling, then exploding inside her bleeding hole, filling her with his seed. 
He forces her mouth open, covers it with his own, his fetid, slimy tongue
darting into her mouth as she sobs, gags.


"No, just get out!"  Helene's whispers are hoarse, her eyes wide in the dark,
"Don't waste time, just get help!" 

Nina rubs her wrists, raw from hours of working the cord,  "No, I can't leave
you and Nicole, I won't!"

"Nina, GO!"  Helene nods toward the door vehemently, "Go, get help, if you take
the time to free us you'll never get away!"

Nina rises shakily, her torn shirt pulled closed with a trembling hand.  "I'll
be back, I swear it!"

Helene nods, "I know you will-I love you.  Now go!"

Nina creeps across the dark shack, pausing to glance lovingly at Nicole's
sleeping form.  She watches the men, snoring, sated.   She wishes she had a
gun-if she did, she'd kill them all in their sleep.  But she doesn't, so she
steps carefully across the rough-hewn floor, grasps the door knob lightly. 
Turning it, she winces at the scrape of metal on metal, the grumbling from the
dark.  She pulls the door open slowly, every inch a squeal of rusted hinges. 
She leaps into the darkness, the sound of rousing men loud behind her.

"Fuck, get her, GET HER!"  Hal leaps to his feet, dashing toward the door with
the others.  They fly out the door, pausing, easily finding the tracks of her
bare feet in the snow.  "No, NO, you go back, watch the other two!"  Hal shoves
Nicolas back roughly, then turns, follows Miko in pursuit.

Nina runs dead out, her lungs stinging with the cold air.  Her eyes dart wildly,
breath coming in sharp, painful gasps as she peers into the pale darkness,
looking for any sign of life, of aid.  She hears them crashing behind her,
shouting, and she begins to whine breathily, dashing blindly through the snow. 
She comes to a stream, deep, cold.  Whining, she splashes in, her bare feet
scraping painfully on the sharp rocks of the bed, her legs numbing, resisting
almost instantly. 

Helene stares at the open door, her eyes sickly hopeful even as Miko shoves her
back, his rough hands mauling her, his hand jerking down his zipper.  He's
angry, his hand closes around her throat, pinning her to the floor as he slams
his cock into her bruised pussy.  Helene gasps, but her eyes never leave the
door, her lips moving in silent prayer for Nina's escape.

Hal and Miko explode from the brush, eyes falling on Nina as she wades,
weakening, through the frigid water.  They splash in after her grimly, their
warm jackets and heavy trousers providing the edge needed to close the gap. 
Nina slips, falls hard, comes up sputtering, screaming raggedly as they descend
upon her, their rough hands closing around her arms, dragging her weakly
thrashing body back through the water.  They throw her into the deep snow, begin
kicking her as she crawls haltingly away.  They herd her, closing in, driving
her back toward the shack.

Helene groans in disgust, Miko's jerking, uneven strokes signaling his impending
climax.  He presses down hard on her throat, his cock exploding as her eyes
finally leave the door, drag painfully to his angry face.  She moves beneath
him, her mouth opening, dragging in painful breaths as he fills her, wave after
wave of thick, hot cum.

Nina hits the door hard, crashes through, tumbling numbly to the floor.  Another
kick to the belly, raising her off her knees, sending her rolling.  She grunts,
the wind knocked out of her as she retches deeply.  Helene sobs, the sound
drowned out by Nicole's confused screams.

"Fucking bitch, fucking kargiola!"  Hal is panting, winded as he throws himself
on her, knee grinding her neck into the floor as he grasps her wrists, jerks
them cruelly up behind her.  Nina struggles weakly beneath him, her eyes staring
numbly, body trembling violently from the cold.  She moans as her head is jerked
back, rope run cruelly through her mouth, secured to her ankles, legs bent hard
up behind her.  She lies helplessly, soaked, frozen, her cries muffled by the
coarse cord tearing at her cheeks.

Hal rises, shaking with rage.  He looks at Helene, her throat bruised, legs
still spread, cum glistening on her pussy.  He stalks over, clouts Miko in the
ear.  "Koproskilo!  Stupid, stupid dogshit!  You were to watch them!"  He smacks
Miko again, then turns toward Nicole's cowering form.  He grabs her roughly,
jerks her toward the center of the room, throwing her belly down as he drops to
his knees behind her, hand tearing his zipper open, pulling out his rigid cock.

"No, no, please!"  Helene's voice is shrill, desperate, "Please, it wasn't her,
it was me, I told Nina to go, I told her to run!"

"You will learn," Hal growls, his hand grinding Nicole's face hard into the
rough wood of the floor, his other hand guiding his tool toward her tight
asshole, "You will learn that others are hurt by your stupidity, your
willfulness."  He presses cruelly against Nicole's ass, relentless, merciless as
he drives in, smiling thinly at her muffled screams, her wild writhing under
him.  "You will learn that every mistake has a price, and I will not be denied
my revenge."

Nina sobs, her eyes fixed on the horrifying scene before her.  She strains
helplessly, twisting against the ropes that hold her securely.  Nicole's small
body bucks, jerks helplessly under the onslaught, her tight, clenching ass
tearing painfully, blood wetting Hal's tool as he slams furiously into her. 
Nina closes her eyes as he shouts, his body shuddering over her baby sister, his
cock filling the girl's bleeding ass with his thick spunk.

Hal rises, wipes his cock on the tattered remnants of Nicole's skirt, tucks it
back.  "That was the lesson."   Rising, he takes a length of rope from Miko,
ignoring his henchman's sullen stare.  "That was the lesson, and this is the
price."  He loops the rope, fashioning a noose, which he slips around Nicole's
slender throat.  He tosses the end of the rope around a ceiling beam, wraps it
around his hand securely before jerking hard.

Nicole's eyes open wide as she is yanked upward, a sharp, choked gasp escaping
as Hal hauls her up hard.  Her legs kick desperately in the air, pedaling
wildly, seeking purchase, the floor mere inches below her working feet. 
Helene's screams fill the room, she struggles to rise, but is kicked down
harshly, her hair grasped, head yanked up so she sees, but is helpless to stop
it.

Nicolas steps forward, his hand fumbling with his zipper as he reaches for
Nicole's twisting, thrashing form.  "I want to fuck her while she dies," he
murmurs, "I want to feel her tight pussy milk me as she hangs."  Grasping her
jerking hips, he spreads her flailing legs wide, slams his cock deep into her as
she dances helplessly at the end of the rope.

Nina screams through the rope, shaking her head weakly as she watches this new
horror unfold.  She cries, harsh, barking sobs, her body twisting violently,
helpless to save Nicole.  Nicole's eyes are impossibly huge, her mouth working
in silent, terrified pleas as Nicolas thrusts up into her, his fat hands
grasping her slim hips, pulling her down as his cock tears up.  Her legs kick
wildly around him, her small hands clenching, then stretching behind her,
fingers trembling, working frantically. 

Helene's screams are ripping, blood rising in her throat as she stares, shaking
her head in sick, agonized denial.  This can't be happening, this can't be real,
please!  She begins to plead, voice hoarse, strained, "Please, please stop, we
won't try again, I swear, I swear, please, please, oh, God, please don't, she's
just a little girl!"

Hal looks away from the show, his eyes resting on Helene.  Reaching, he ties the
rope off, checking the knot carefully.  He smiles, almost kindly.  "If I release
the rope, what guarantee do I have that you and your whore sister won't try
again?"  He leans, strokes her tear streaked face, "I must be firm, you
understand?  For two years have I planned this, I cannot take a chance" He
presses his hand over Helene's mouth, silencing her pleas.  Motioning to Miko,
he smiles as the shutter snaps, the film advance whirs.

Nicole's eyes bug, her face red as her vision begins to tunnel.  Her lungs burn,
she writhes frantically, the rope cutting cruelly into her pale skin.  That
Nicolas is inside her, tearing her, is secondary, her every thought is on
breathing.  Her legs work, motion becoming jerky, uncoordinated as the blood in
her ears roars.  Her lips move, mouth opening, closing, opening again like a
fish struggling in the dirt.  Her toes point, curl, her eyes glazing, growing
red with bursting blood vessels.

Nicolas grunts, each thrust ripping, his fingers clawing into the soft flesh of
her ass, her hips.  He leans forward, bites a small breast hard, savoring the
sudden clenching of her pussy in response.  He does it again, grinning, his
climax approaching hard.  Grasping her hips in a crushing grip, he begins
banging fast, furious, shouting as his cock lets loose its flood, filling her
spasming pussy even as her body convulses, trembles wildly.  He laughs,
satisfied as he pulls out, tucks his bloodied tool back into his pants. 
Reaching up, he grasps Nicole's hair, stares into her wide, pleading, shot-red
eyes, smiling as her bladder releases, urine mixing with blood and cum as it
runs down her jerking legs.  He shrugs, gives her head a vicious yank, nodding
at the loud snap.  He steps back, lights a cigarette, considers her now still
form, swaying inches above the floor.

Helene's muffled screams turn to sickened moans, her belly tightening.  Hal
releases her face, grimaces as she turns her head weakly, vomits.  He stares at
Nicole's small, dead form, her glassy eyes still wide, staring blankly.  He
looks over at Nina, her body wracked by devastated sobs. 

"Now you have paid the price.  Remember."  Nodding, he motions for Miko to take
another shot.

Nina crawls on her knees and elbows, her wrists bent back, bound tightly to her
upper arms, ankles secured to thighs.  She looks up pathetically, her mouth
trapped open with a metal device, tongue working her lower lip anxiously.  She
whines, cringes as the belt cuts through the air, raising another red welt on
her tortured flesh. 

"You do NOT look at a man, eyes DOWN!"  Hal brings the belt down again,
relishing in her dog-like whining, her terrified flinching.  He finally had Miko
cut the girl down, take her body outside, throw it in the stream.  For a four
days he'd left her dangling, a constant reminder to the other two.  Helene was
coming along nicely, her eyes never challenging, her motions slow, stunned.  But
this one, this one needed more work.  He jerks her up to her knees, marvels at
how she even looks like a dog, begging.  Yanking her forward, he pushes his
stiff cock into her mouth, commands her to suck. 

Nina whines, gagging as his fat, long tool slides past her trapped lips,
pressing into her throat.  She struggles to pull back, her glassy eyes wide,
tear-filled.  He reaches down, grasps her throat between thumb and forefinger,
begins squeezing.  She gasps, pressure building until she submits, her head
bobbing up and down on his swollen shaft. 

Helene watches dully, shivering.  She is kneeling, her ankles held wide by a
metal bar, her wrists bound to her thighs, palms up.  She whines, unresisting as
Nicolas kneels behind her, grasps her plump breasts, his cock pressing against,
then driving into her clenched asshole.    He shoves her forward, her face
scraping the hard floor as he digs his fingers into her soft, curvy hips. 
Groaning, he begins slamming in earnest, shaking her, thrilling to the soft
gasps driven from her with each thrust.  Her eyes are wide, stricken, her face
slack as his fat belly slaps her, his cock tears her.  She looks dead, and it
thrills him.


Hal laughs, pushes the bowls forward.  He watches, knowing that Helene will
readily debase herself.  Nina has held out, five days now with no food. 
Helene's face drops to the bowl, she devours the sickening, mushy dog food with
something akin to eagerness.  Slobbering, snorting, she barely chews, pushing
her face ever deeper.  Hal smiles-she is a dog now.  A stupid dog.  He is
pleased, imagines how his old business partner would react to the site of his
eldest daughter rooting around for the last drop of wet dog food.  He pulls out
the camera, snaps a shot.

Nina moans, her eyes filling with tears.  She is so hungry, her jaws still ache
from the now removed spreader.  Everything hurts, her mind still numb, heart
crying out for Nicole.  She watches Helene, her stomach cramping, twisting in
desire.  She sighs, shakes her head.  Why hold out?  Why?  They'll never escape,
never go home, she knows that.  And what is there at home?  Their mother dead,
the long prayed for baby never to arrive.  She lets out a shuddering sob, bends
toward the dog bowl, whining sharply as Hal jerks it away.

"You think we should feed you when you've been such trouble?"  His tone is flat,
almost bored, "you must earn it."

Nicole whines miserably, all resistance suddenly gone with the near brush with
food.  She sobs, her lips moving in sick, mumbled pleas.  She'll do anything. 

"Suck your sister's pussy," Hal demands, putting her breaking to the test,
"stick your tongue in her cum filled cunt, suck her clit, make her cum-then you
may eat."

Nina nods sickly, inching on her elbows and knees toward Helene, who has
finished eating, licked the bowl clean.  Miko grasps Helene's shoulders, shoves
her to her back, her bent, bound legs falling open widely.  Nina bends, her eyes
bright, tongue swiping hungrily over her lips as she presses her face into her
sister's red, cum-slick pussy.  Helene's eyes spark horror for a mere second,
then go dull again as Nina begins tonguing her furiously.  Helene's hips move
stupidly, her mouth falling open slackly as her orgasm builds.

Nina stares dumbly ahead as her jaws are pulled open, a light shone into her
mouth.  A low tsk, fingers exploring. 

"She has two loose teeth back here." 

Hal glances disinterestedly.  "And?"

The man shakes his head, notes that Nina's jaws are still wide, expectant.  He
gently closes her mouth, noting the dull flash of confusion in her expression. 
He shines the light into her glassy eyes.  "Follow my fingers," he murmurs,
noting the jerky quality of her visual tracking, "that's a good girl, now the
other way."  He slowly moves his fingers before her face again, nods.  Taking
her arm, he lifts her from the chair, supports her as she sways weakly.  He
pushes her back on the iron table in the center of the room, lifting her
boneless legs, placing them in the cold stirrups.  Her legs fall open
compliantly, she whimpers, eyes staring up.  He gasps low, his eyes wide.  She
is hamburger down here, swollen, bruised, torn.  He gently inserts a finger,
presses as she whines softly.  He pats her softly on the shin, rises.

"Is the other one as bad?"

"As bad?" Hal's tone is angry, defensive, "What the fuck does it matter? 
They're trained!

"Trained?"  The man pulls off his gloves, pulls a fresh pair from his pocket as
he approaches Helene.  "Destroyed is more like it-what good are they?  They're
barely animated corpses!"

Hal fumes as the man examines Helene.  Like Nina, she is unresponsive to his
questions, the only real movement a weak flinch as he reaches toward her. 


"Ten thousand."  The man stares angrily at Hal, "and count yourself lucky I'm
offering you anything at all."

"Ten-TEN?"  Hal's voice rises in rage, "They're worth three times that!"

"They aren't worth half that," the man's tone is low, suddenly dangerous, "I'm
offering it because I want to see them in decent homes-if even that can bail
them."

"Twenty!"  Hal is shouting, shaking, "No less!  I am OWED, they-their father-"

"I don't want to know about them, their father, or anything else-take the ten,
it would be in your best interest to do so."

Hal's eyes narrow, dart around the room.  He jumps as the man in the corner
steps forward.  Hal nods, swallowing hard.  "So it's robbery, is it?  Fine,
adelfi, it matters not to me-I have the pictures for their father, backstabbing
bastard, stole my money!"  He snatches the cash, turns quickly toward the door. 
"Stole my money, and I stole his life-who won?"  He yanks the door open, turns
back, "Who won?  I won!  I did!"  He storms out of the small house, into the
cold night.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Kallie Thomas


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





