BDSM Library - Kidnaping and Training




Kidnaping and Training
Provided By: BDSM Librarywww.bdsmlibrary.com
Synopsis: This is a story about kidnapping and training slaves, and all the joys involved.
Kidnaping and Training
        
chapter 1 kidnaping

The Masters Mike, Jeff, Calos, Guy, and Mistresses, Jassica, Lorri, Tina,
Vanessa. Work for Master Dion, and Mistress Ericka In a Mansion to kidnap and
train slaves for there pleasures, all slaves must between 17 and 25, the slaves
they don't want are either sold to others or the Masters, Mistresses keep them
for payment. So no lost, yes what a way to make a living. The masters collect
there captures in a truck that has chains, cuffs, gags, ropes, cuts,  polls and
food because the usually capture between 8 to 12 victoms every 3 mouths , and
they do all the kidnaping. It's been 7 days since they started the have 21
victoms all ready, but they have 3 more pick ups. The slaves that are already in
the truck are blindfold, gaged, and are hog-tied to sleep in the day they are
chained to polls. They have captured the last 3, now they are all chained to the
polls, all the Masters park the truck in the woods, they go in to see there
captures. The Masters use a micro phone to let them! know about there new life,
from this moment on you have no rights, you are here only for your master or
mistress pleasures, you will be punished for when you don't obey or if we feel
you need to be, some of the victoms try to screem noooooooo noooooooooo buy all
you can hear are mmmmmmmfffffffffp mmmmmmmmmmffffffffffffp, then the masters go
one by one touching there new slaves, Jeff goes and starts pulling on the slaves
nipples hard she screems please please noooooooooooooooo witch sonds like
mmmmmmmmmfffffffp mmmmmmmmmmmmmfffffffffffffp mmmmmmmmmmmmtttttttttttttppppp
then the Masters go in box and take out knifes to cut there clothes off, but
they first tell them that it's time to take all things to your old life away.
They start bye cutting all there clothes off the males slaves are first, they
are trying to kick, but they realize it's not working. Now they remove the
female slave clothes the female slaves cry, then the Master check for other
things like watchers, wallet!  s, and bracelets everything must be removed. The
Masters told them the y will be taking out of the truck to see there old life
burn away, and the other things will be sold, now they start getting them ready
by puting straps around there waste with wrist restraints and rope one arm to
the next slave then they were tied in a circle and brout to the doors, when the
doors were open the slave felt the sun and the were greatful to be out they were
shoved on a lift then lowed them. Now the female slave starts to squirm because
they are now out side and they are naked, they are untied from the circle, The
Maters gather all there clothes put them in a long trash container, then the
Masters order the slave to stand still now my slaves we will take off your
blindfolds then let you realize we are alone then take your gags off, but with a
sturn voice they tell us from this moment on if you fight or try to get a way or
dis obey us in and way you be punished. Do you understand? they nod there heads,
then the Master take they blindfolds off. The slave see noth!  ing but woods,
and each one looks the other slaves, before the gags come off the Masters
introduce themselves as Mike, Jeff, Carlos, Mark, and Guy. They expaine to the
male slaves you will be meeting your mistresss soon, they see all the slave
behaving so they remove there gags, now Jeff show the slave there old
belongings. Carlos gets the match out 5 of the female slave start to screem
noooooooooooo please I don't want this new life, Mike calmly goes to them slaps
them, and informs them they don't have a choice, and Raine, Linda, Paula,
Janniss, Xavia will be punished for there out bursts just so we hear any more
you 5 will be gaged 2 of the males James and Justin speek out Mike tell Guy to
gag them, Now we will begin Mark get some oil to put on the clothes then Carlos
lights the match puts it in the container. The slave are in shock watching there
clothes burn away, after that done the slave are shown the ashes of they old
life, they are brought back in the truck all but !  Raine, Deonna, and Linda are
hog-tied to sleep. Jeff, Mike, and Mark w anted to play with there new toys.




Chapter 2 training

the truck is at the gate of the entrance. This mantion has 5 floors from the
door to the gate is half a mile long, now the mistresses come out you see there
slaves,with blindfolds and gags they are led to 2 waiting rooms one for female
and males, after they are brought to the room thtey are hog-tied and left. Mike,
Jeff, Carlos, Mark, and Guy meet withthe Mistreses Jasica, Lorri, Tina, and
Vanessa, they talk about all the juicy plans they wall have for there toys.
Since we have 3 mouths to train them before Master Dion and Mistress Ericka come
up to take the ones they want, we have train them well, now the Masters and
Mistresses go in the male slave room to meet them they go in, now Jassica goes
and gets her cat tail whip first she gives them 5 stocks, and tell them you will
be unhog-tied and re tied to the chairs if any of you struggle you will be
whiped for 30 minutes before ou sleep. Do you understand? They nod yes the
master take them to a chair and tie them to it, Tina !  and Lorri begin to tie
there ball and penises nice and tight,they are told you will untied from the
chairs, but hand cuff behind your back and you will follow us or penises will
pay, then while the Masters held them the Mistresses yank hard on the ropes,
they are led to the training on 4th floor. Mark, Mike, Jeff, Carlos, and Guy
start with there slaves they are brought to the third floor, first there wrist
are tied behind they get there tits tied on top twirled 5 times around each
breast, then pulled tightly over there shoulders and tied to there wrist, the
slaves are fighting and trying to screem mmmmmmmmmmffffffp mmmmmmffffffffffp
mmmmmmmmmffffffffffp, Jeff laugh screem all want bitch, he gets a spreader bar
and cuffs her angel to it, Jeff ties a long rope 5 times around her waste, he
leaves to get other things. Deomma is scared she must try to escape, then jeff
comes in and pats his toy on her ass she pulls away, Jeff grabs her by her arm
and with a evil grin tells her !  you will lean not to pull away, he turns her
to her back, Mark comes i n to help Jeff tells him to we are going to switch her
gag so when I remove this one hold her noise so I replace it,ok Jeff is removing
her penis gag and puting an O ring gag in her mouth, then Mark holds her up
while Jeff is tying a rope from the ceiling, then Mark pulls on the rope raises
her off the ground, Jeff ties a rope around the bar onher angels to a hook on
the floor. Since she can now sceem more Mark gets some ducktape and puts it over
the hole on her mouth, Jeff puts nipple clamps with 2lb wheights on her, Mike
comes in to see if they have her finnished, Mike tells Jeff to get the whip she
hears and squirms, but then stops because every time she moves she rocks the
whieghts on clamps, Jeff brings the whip in hands it to Mike, now Mike goes
behind her and whips her ass 5 times, Deonna stops struggling she stairs in
there eyes, Mike turns to her wipes her tears away and tells her she must listen
to  him or he will have to whip your pussy she whimpers, now my sweet !  thing
you will be tied her for 3 days the reason why is so you understand there is no
escape and while you are here you will learn we own your body, the way you are
tied and of us can have use of your mouth, your pussy, your tits, and your ass
you will be used none stop for the next 3 days, then you will be trained to many
things with pleasure and pain, this buck will be placed under you lovely pussy
for when you have to pee, Mike puts the whip down and tells them to have fun.
Deonna feels Jeff her body is being lowed, Jeff now puts her to kneel then he
takes the tape off the O gag he tells her to lick his cock after he puts in her
mouth, Deonna trys to fight by pulling her back, Jeff slaps her on her ass then
Carlos comes in and shoves his cock in her ass, Jeff pumps in and out of her
mouth, she can feel his cock get larger, Jeff tells Carlos we will have fun for
3 days and nights mmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmm how sweet Jeff cums in her mouth, he
orders her to swallow it he bac!  ks up and she lowers her head and lets it drip
out, after Carlos cums in her ass they tells him they all did that so they will
all be punished, for the next 3 days the Masters have been taking turns with the
12 slaves.




Part 3

The Masters and Mistressesare very delighted with the new captures, they usually
make little bets on witch slave Master Dion and Mistress Erica will want. Day
three the Mistresses go in the cages of ther male slaves wake up now it's time
to suffer with pleasure, now are going open your cages one at a time, but please
take a mentel note that if fight in any way the you be punish do you understand
yes Mistress, all of the slave to the play room, but Justin and Tony they fought
while they were being chained so they get put in a waiting room. Now  the good
slaves arehand cuff and there wrist are hooked over there heads and  now there
balls are tied with 5 loops of rope nice and tight and pull them up between
there legs tie it to there wrist, then into the Mistresses hear yelps from there
toys then they are satisfied, then they tie 3 loops around there shafts and pull
it up tie the end beind there necks, now they put inflatible penises in the
asses and pump them wide until there !  hear yells with beging to stop, the
Mistresses puts gags on them and tell them that you all have get use to pain and
we will be in giving you a little pleasure like this, they each take one of
there cocks first they ply by rubing it then they suck on them. Now remember
that there ballare tied tightly together and even there cock are some what tied
so when they get excited it hurts and they can't cum, so after the Mistresses
her them beging throw there gags mmmmffffffp mmmmmmmmffffffp mmmmmmmmmffffffffp
they stop and let them enjoy there pleasur with pain. Jessica and Vanessa stay
to not let there slaves go with out more pleasure and pain. Lorri and Tina go
back to the waiting room to punish Justin and Tony so you want to be bad ok they
take them in a punishment room first cuff there wrist hook them above there
heards then they get gag, oh yes my bad boys here is bucket for you to pee in we
wll help, because since ypuo punishment will be for 5 hours we don't want you to
pee !  during your punishment, now boys we are going to show you what we are
going to do to you, because we are going to give you shots that will have you
nocked out for 2 hours this way you won't wake up in shock, Justin starts
squirming around, Lorri and Tina turn then around now boys we are going to tie
your hands behind you, then tie you feet, we will have to blindfold you, because
we are going to mummafy you oh yes you will have a nice hat but plug and for
more excitement you will have this water proof wire attached to your cocks, lets
show our bad boys how it feels while we get all things we need, Lorri and Tina
giggle wicketly and then with tape they taped the cards to then then they put
contol on at 2 and every 30 seconds it would give them a tingle, Tina and Lorri
were geting the straps, the wrapping stuff, the but plugs, and the nock out
needls, now Justin and Tony were geting nervice sceeming please nooooooooo I'm
sorry, but all you can hear is mmmmmmffffffp mmmmmfffffffffp mmfffp
mmmmmmmfffffffp,while they are geting those little shocks, !  Tina tells Lorri
let go see our other toys Lorri saids yes, so they tell Justi and Tony we will
be back enjoy with nasty laughter, Tina ask the other Mistresses are have fun
keeping our toys excited, Lorri ask are my toys enjoying themselves all of them
shake there heads noooo so Lorri tells them well then we have to excite you more
intil you do enjoy it, all you can hear is mmmmmmmmffffffp mmmmmmmmmmmffffffffp
mmmmmmmmmmmffffffp  mmmmmmmmmmmmfffffffffp mmmmmmmmmmmmffffffffffffp, so she
said this will continue into tomorrow then we will see if they do enjoy it by
then, Lorri and tina went back to mummafy Jistin and Tony, Now The Masters put
chastity belts with a long vibrater inside but on the right point just to get
them exited but not to cum and they will keep them on intilthtey learn to suck
cock good enough to satisfy Mike, Mark, Carlos, Jeff, and Guy. They already been
suffing for 4 hours, most of them are beging for release to cum, but the Masters
say nooooo not into !  you can kiss, lick, slurp, and suck real good just to
drive nuts they are put in a room with wrist tied above there heads and gaged,
then each Master gets som of there oun slaves to teas there captures be let them
see and hear all the moans, Jeff has Raine tied to th cieling while he has his
slave Jen tied up in his power teaching Raine how be a obediunt slave and when
Jen pleased him in all ways then and only then he would reward her, Jeff tel Jen
to realy moan load. Raine is realy moaning through her gag mmmmmmmmm
mmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm sounds so sweet, now Jeff brings Jen and Misty in
the room by a leash he cuffs there hands behind there back, he orders them to
there feet they obey his orders I want you kiss my cock and balls next I want
long wet licks all over my shaft, then you will slurp just like you slurp to get
all the juice from that water melon and best of all suck as hard as if you
haven't had a drink in 2 days, I will give 5 minutes to get me to cum twice if
you do then I will reward you if you don't then will be tied by han!  ging with
clamps also 3 pound whights and nothing to drink for 2 days, Misty you first
oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh that's good yes, Mmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I grab her
by the hair and I let her make me cum, Ooooooohhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssssss sweet
pet I came twice, before I reward you I want Jen to have her turn I look at
Raine who is bleeding with her eyes, I went over to Raine and put 3 pound claps
on her she moaned in her gag, he ties Misty to the wall, it's Jen turn now Jen
begins, Oooooooohhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmmm yesssssssss pet good one more time,
Oooooohhhh so good hurry my pet time is running out, oh noooo my pet you did not
make me cum twice in 5 minutes so you will be punished Misty I will be back to
reward you, now Raine you will come with me to se my words are true, we are in 1
of the punish rooms on the second floor, I tie her hanging from the cieling the
nipple clamps go on with 3 pound whieghts, then get white card board and  write
with a magic marker 2 day !  punishment and nooooo water, I bring Raine to to
other room before I hook her cuffs to the ceiling she grabs me falls on her
knees and begs me with her eyes and I grab her and tell her later when I take
your gag off then you have beg me to suck my cock, then if i feel really want to
and if you are good then you will be rewarded also after you are rwaded you will
have to suck all the cocks tht you are giving for one whole day, then I tie
Raine to the ceiling, I look over at Misty and I know how much she wants her
reward so I untie her from the wall, I pull over to the bed by her nipples she
moans ok Misty my pet lay down on your back she does I kiss her with my tongue I
lick real deep in her mouth, then I tie her wrist the bed post and then her
legs, I go in a drew and take out 2 pieces of twine tie them tightly around her
nipples then tie them to a hook hanging from the ceiling then I pull them up she
whimpers with tears, then I started rubbing her cilt first with my fingers
hearing her moan oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh now I li!  ck
softly on ht cilt, Misty is in a trance with uuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I take a
moment to look at Raine in her frustration I smiled, then I went back to my
helpless pet, I orded Misty to beg lowdly to let her cum, Misty screem plese
Master please let me cum oh please, yes I will only because you suck me so good
before, I take off the twine she thank me what a good pet you are, I kneel
between her legs and I go down slowly teasing her with my shaft just touching
her, she screems Master plese I put it in slow just to hear her moan, I pump
slowly just to make last, then I started sucking her nipple mmmmmmmmmm
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm taste good, Misty is beging me pump harder I bite her nipple
yells I'm sorry, the I lick her nipple she moans I begin puming her hard she's
happy, then I hear her uuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhhhh aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm hhhhhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuu! 
uuu hhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuuuu she came, I still am pumping hard
ooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh yesssssssssssssssss I came, I kiss my sweet pet and
I untie her tellMisty to go back to your cage I will be ther to lock you in
later. Now my lovely Raine I will take your gag off, I will lay you on the bed
and you have to beg  please Masters I need to cum I will suck real hard I
promise please allow me to suck you please! I want to hear this night long and
if you fall a sleep, I will punish you bye pulling on this twine that I'm tying
to your nipple to these hooks hanging from the ceiling, oh yes my lovely pet
just so you can't unhook it I am cuffing your hands to the bed post, ok lovely
beg so we know you want to suck us like a good pet you are, I raise the tine
just to give you some inspiration, good night lovely.




Review This Story
 || Email Author:  Lorraine


MORE BDSM STORIES @ SEX STORIES POST





